1	fast, quiet, excellent output, compact, sturdy, USB or parallel, Dos compatible
1	degraded, quiet, excellent output, compact, sturdy, USB or latitude, Dos compatible
1	Storage Capacity, 3.34 Mpixels, easy to use, nice lens, FUN
1	memory Capacity, 3.34 Mpixels, light to use, nice lens, FUN
0	none that I've found yet
0	none that I've found still
0	Had to upgrade after I bought it.  No protective case provided.
0	deliver to upgrade after iodine bought it.  No protective case provided.
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
0	Flimsy appearance, big phone than most, some features useless
1	small, takes AA batteries in a pinch
1	small, conduct AA batteries in a pinch
0	Not as compact as other contemporary phones, buttons are exposed
0	non as compact as other contemporary phones, buttons are queer
1	Great sound. Small and light weight. Good photos.
1	Great sound. Small and light weight. Good pic.
0	Just that the baby out grows the car seat
0	Just that the baby out grows the car can
0	Battery only lasts 2 hours
0	bombardment only lasts 2 hours
1	zoom, mini movie, Sony=high quality
1	zoom, mini movie, Sony=high select
1	compact & functional
1	covenant & functional
0	Is $500, but is perfect meld of phone and Palm.
0	Is $500, but is perfective commingle of phone and Palm.
0	None
0	none
1	does print
1	does mark
0	Slightly heavy, larger than other phones. Low battery life.
0	Slightly fleshy, larger than other phones. Low battery life.
0	Its a bit costly
0	Its a moment costly
1	Point and Shoot
1	Point and charge
1	Easy to use, good color and quality
1	Easy to usance, good color and quality
0	5min alkaline life,mpeg only displays half the small lcd.
0	5min alkaline life,mpeg only expose half the belittled lcd.
0	Ink is expensive
0	ink is expensive
1	Key lock, great volume, good battery life
1	Key lock, great volume, dear battery life
0	Cannot upload ringtones or graphics - They must be bought. Awkward power connector.
0	Cannot upload ringtones or graphics - They must be bought. inapt mightiness connector.
1	Picture quality
1	envision quality
1	high quality images, many options
1	high select images, many options
1	Compact and sturdy case, USB Connection, Inexpensive 2 megapixel camera
1	covenant and sturdy case, USB Connection, cheap 2 megapixel camera
0	Battery life
0	barrage life
1	Size, Ease of use, Picture Quality
1	Size, Ease of use, Picture select
1	Inexpensive, fun software, 3.0 has a flash!
1	Inexpensive, fun software, 3.0 has a newsbreak!
1	Inexpensive, several functions, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, several functions, comfortable to use
1	IR port, vibrator, seems durable
1	IR embrasure, vibrator, seems durable
0	It doesn't have a very good camera.
0	IT doesn't have a very good camera.
0	Haven't found any yet
0	Haven't receive any yet
0	Bad reception, not too durable
0	Bad response, not too durable
1	price
1	toll
0	Huge antenna (as opposed to the body) doesn't really deliver huge reception
0	vast aerial (as opposed to the body) doesn't really deliver huge reception
1	Color screen, speaker phone, great reception, loud rings, sturdy holster!
1	Color screen, loudspeaker phone, heavy reception, loud rings, sturdy holster!
0	Eats batteries, however use can use NiMH rechargeable batteries that are cheap
0	Eats batteries, however utilisation can use NiMH rechargeable shelling that are cheap
0	paper does not feed
0	composition does not feed
0	Fixed Focal Length
0	specify Focal Length
0	Nothing I can think of
0	Nothing I can opine of
1	great picture quality, excellent video w/sound, good battery life, durable
1	nifty picture quality, first-class video w/sound, good battery life, durable
1	Small, Stylish, Portable, Functional, Easy to use...
1	Small, Stylish, Portable, Functional, Easy to utilize...
0	no camera case!
0	no camera casing!
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Amazing reception, vibrant discolor screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive pattern
1	Small. Lightweight.
1	low. Lightweight.
1	Cheap, light weight and easy to use
1	Cheap, luminousness weight and easy to use
1	3.3 Megapixel resolution, size, price, picture quality.  Uses standard media.
1	triad.3 Megapixel resolution, size, price, picture quality.  enjoyment standard media.
1	The HP DeskJet 970Cxi is a very good  to use on some computers.
1	The HP DeskJet 970Cxi is a very right  to expend on some computers.
1	Price, Print Quality
1	Price, Print tone
0	Lacks a zoom lens.
0	miss a zoom lens.
0	Good stuff:  Brand name, GREAT SUPPORT, Disks are easy to get, cheap and after figuring out what disk is what it is easy to transfer to a PC.  The range of quality is awsome, from standard to Fine pictures there is a range of stuff, also there is the abili
0	well overindulge:  Brand name, GREAT keep, platter are well-to-do to draw, cheap and after figuring out what disk is what it is easy to transmit to a PC.  The orbit of select is awsome, from standard to Fine pictures there is a range of gorge, also there is the abili
1	Image quality, price, video link
1	project quality, price, video link
1	Very easy to use.  Takes clear and vivid pictures
1	Very prosperous to use.  Takes clear and vivid pictures
1	Speakerphone, blue keys, stock ringtones, and screen colors.
1	Speakerphone, patrician keys, stock ringtones, and screen colors.
0	Bulky, no screen protection
0	Bulky, no covert protection
0	CompactFlash compartment; very hard to get the memory back out.
0	CompactFlash compartment; very punishing to stick the memory back out.
0	4 recline positions blend into one- up or down,no drink/bottle holder, 
0	4 recline posture blend into one- up or down,no booze/bottle holder, 
0	Large size
0	enceinte size
1	small, caller ID/ clock on outside, durable
1	small, caller ID/ clock on remote, durable
1	Extremely portable design, great conversation piece
1	Extremely portable design, great conversation nibble
1	Very nice Camera
1	Very courteous Camera
0	Compact Flash issues and action limitations.
0	Compact jiffy issues and action limitations.
1	great quality
1	great calibre
0	Has switched off for no reason twice, 1gig memory card drains battery quickly.
0	Has change off for no reason twice, 1gig memory placard drains battery quickly.
0	Cost of Paper/Ink, Time to Print.
0	Cost of Paper/Ink, Time to publish.
1	infinite, free storage, 14x steadyshot optical zoom, 2-hour rechargeable batteries
1	infinite, release storage, 14x steadyshot optical whizz, 2-hour rechargeable batteries
1	Prints fast text documents, Quality photos.
1	Prints fast text documents, Quality photograph.
0	price
0	damage
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their Best, drops address.
1	Great Pics!, up 128MB storage, excellent optical zoom, MANY extra features.  Easy USB connection
1	Great Pics!, up 128MB storage, fantabulous optical zoom, MANY extra boast.  Easy USB connection
0	MP3 feature silly, Battery Life, Storage.
0	MP3 feature silly, Battery Life, repositing.
0	bad zoom
0	bad surge
1	Size, ease of use, ability to link to PC for backup and faxing.
1	Size, ease of manipulation, ability to link to PC for support and faxing.
1	Small and compact
1	pocket-sized and compact
1	Ink is very reasonable, very easy to operate.
1	Ink is very fairish, very easy to operate.
0	bad optical view finder, no rechargeable batteries
0	regretful optical view finder, no rechargeable batteries
1	Great Pictures &amp;amp; Room for Creativity
1	Great Pictures &amp;A; Room for Creativity
0	Size of printer itself
0	sizing of printer itself
1	Sleek and ergonomic design
1	flowing and ergonomic design
1	Great pictures, easiest digital camera to use, holds MORE pictures than any other camera!!!
1	Great envision, easiest digital camera to use, moderate MORE pictures than any other camera!!!
1	Ease of use, cost
1	Ease of use, toll
0	Slow photo printing.
0	ho-hum photo printing.
1	Numerous features, color screen, light
1	Numerous features, color screen, promiscuous
0	Big Footprint, no cable included
0	cock-a-hoop Footprint, no cable included
0	LCD display is difficult to view in bright outdoor lighting.
0	LCD display is difficult to view in promising outside lighting.
0	See Review
0	visualize Review
0	A little slow
0	A picayune slow
1	Great images, battery, fold in/twist out LCD, ISO 50, RAW Image Files
1	Great images, battery, fold in/twist out LCD, ISO L, RAW project Files
1	Price, lightweight, quality pictures. ease of use
1	Price, lightweight, quality pictures. relief of use
0	Pulls paper in crooked. Did not come with a black ink cartridge.
0	tear paper in crooked. Did not come with a blacken ink cartridge.
1	Different connectivity options.  Compact.  Extremely practical.  AIM service.  Quadband.
1	Different connectivity options.  compendious.  Extremely practical.  AIM service.  Quadband.
1	high quality print. separate ink cartridges.
1	high quality print. differentiate ink cartridges.
0	Confusing voice dial set-up, problems switching between roam and service, poor speakerphone
0	Confusing vocalization dial set-up, problems switching between roam and service, hapless speakerphone
1	Great picture quality, very easy to operate, good value
1	groovy picture quality, very easy to operate, good value
1	High-quality pictures, convenience, fun!
1	High-quality pictures, convenience, playfulness!
0	Pictures are below average, even compared to 2 megapix cameras.  Flimsy construction quality.
0	visualize are below mean, even compared to 2 megapix cameras.  Flimsy construction quality.
0	The software was impossible to use with Windows 2000.
0	The software was impossible to utilization with Windows 2000.
1	Vibrates, IR capable, Internet ready, clear view screen, clarity of conversation great, Many great features!
1	Vibrates, IR capable, Internet ready, enlighten aspect screen, clarity of conversation great, Many slap-up features!
1	Small size
1	small size
0	scanning feature doesn't work well
0	scanning boast doesn't work well
0	Noisy loading. Gray color.
0	Noisy cargo. Gray color.
0	Decent print quality
0	comely print quality
1	Easy to use, crisp pics
1	Easy to expend, crisp pics
0	Tiny power button, no Bluetooth, proprietary hands-free port
0	Tiny power button, no Bluetooth, proprietary hands-free larboard
1	FAST,CLEAR
1	FAST,authorize
0	Poor reception, limited features, and low volume
0	Poor reception, restrain features, and low volume
0	No caller id, hands-free headset not functional, and battery charger cover is not practical.
0	No caller id, hands-free headset not operational, and battery charger deal is not practical.
0	None yet
0	None even
0	Wastes ink every time you turn it on
0	neutralize ink every time you turn it on
0	Breaks easily (watch out for this), no web access
0	faulting easily (watch out for this), no web access
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of expend
1	Great pictures! Great price! Easy to use!
1	peachy pictures! Great price! Easy to use!
0	Slow printing on low resolution or text output, which I don't care about.
0	easy printing on low resolution or text output, which I don't concern about.
1	None - Piece of garbage. AND IT KEEPS GETTING WORSE!
1	None - Piece of garbage. AND IT continue GETTING WORSE!
1	Fast, great photo quality
1	Fast, large photo quality
1	Great quality, great speed, durability
1	Great quality, great hasten, durability
1	Great idea for 2 small children; can be used with infant carrier
1	gravid idea for 2 small children; can be victimised with infant carrier
0	No printer cord included
0	No printer corduroy included
1	Compact, good quality  sharp pictures.
1	Compact, good quality  sharp visualise.
0	No expandable memory, no Mp3, No Obex
0	No expandable store, no Mp3, No Obex
1	Has a great color internal LCD screen.
1	Has a great color internal LCD test.
0	Time lag between pressing shutter button and recording picture.
0	Time lag between pressing shutter button and recording icon.
1	It makes a handy punching bag!
1	It shit a handy punching bag!
1	Easy Disk Capability
1	Easy disk Capability
1	Great picture quality, features
1	bully picture quality, features
0	no camera
0	no camera
1	Excellent large prints
1	Excellent prominent prints
1	Affordable, lightweight, and reputable company
1	affordable, lightweight, and reputable company
1	Easy to use, Great pictures
1	Easy to utilization, Great pictures
0	legal copies, color printer quality
0	effectual copies, color printer quality
0	Huge in Size, Breaks Down Continually, too many features.
0	Huge in Size, Breaks low-spirited Continually, too many features.
1	Stylish, big basket, cupholders for everyone, lightweight
1	Stylish, crowing basket, cupholders for everyone, lightweight
0	indoor shots grainy on screen, flash defaults to &amp;quot;on&amp;quot; 
0	indoor gibe farinaceous on screen, flash defaults to &amp;quot;on&amp;quot; 
1	Unbelievable photo quality; quiet; no warmup
1	Unbelievable photo lineament; quiet; no warmup
1	photo quality &amp;amp; price
1	photo lineament &amp;amp; price
1	Easy to use, affordable.
1	well-situated to use, affordable.
1	Very good reception and battery life
1	Very good reception and battery living
1	Archival quality without the service bureau
1	Archival quality without the service authority
0	durability, quality
0	durability, calibre
1	NONE, NONE, NONE
1	NONE, none, NONE
0	Replacement cartridges are expensive
0	transposition cartridges are expensive
0	no flash, manual focus, unreliable
0	no flash, manual nidus, unreliable
0	very inconsistent, low print quality, slow!
0	very inconsistent, modest print quality, slow!
1	Easy to use, tons of options,immediate connection to family and friends
1	Easy to use, tons of choice,immediate connection to family and friend
0	None
0	none
1	The black and white printing
1	The pitch-dark and white printing
0	Buckle difficult to release; basket hard to access when stroller seat is reclined
0	Buckle difficult to unfreeze; basket concentrated to access when stroller seat is reclined
1	Looks cool, Color screen, Battery Life, Clam Shell Design, World Time
1	aspect cool, Color screen, Battery Life, Clam Shell Design, universe Time
0	no external battery charger
0	no external bombardment charger
1	polyphonic sounds, size
1	polyphonic phone, size
0	Slow without USB cable
0	tiresome without USB cable
1	great to look at, incredibly easy to use, nice compact size
1	great to look at, incredibly easy to use, courteous pack size
1	convenience, quality, excellent zoom
1	gismo, quality, excellent zoom
0	when moved, the cord comes off easily
0	when propel, the cord comes off easily
0	can't think of one.
0	can't guess of one.
1	lightweight,5 megapixels,has movie mode
1	lightweight,5 megapixels,has film mode
1	Great resolution, super macro feature, Easy to use
1	Great resolution, super macro feature, Easy to function
0	confusing buttons, terrible menu style, terrible ringers, TERRIBLE SCREENSAVERS.
0	confusing buttons, terrible menu style, unspeakable ringers, TERRIBLE SCREENSAVERS.
1	Easy to maneuver, light weight, easy to fold up and back out, parent cup holders, plenty of storage.
1	Easy to play, faint weight, easy to fold up and back out, parent cup holders, plentifulness of storage.
0	paper loading is difficult
0	paper payload is difficult
0	only available in chrome face plate
0	only usable in chrome face plate
1	ease of use, scanning options and included applications, size
1	ease of use, scanning choice and included applications, size
1	Fast. Terrific quality. Sleeker design
1	Fast. Terrific timber. Sleeker design
1	Great pictures, lens, features, best (for now)
1	bang-up pictures, lens, features, best (for now)
0	Short (~1.5 hrs max) battery life, small buttons, semi-nonintuitive menu, wear and tear shows
0	Short (~1.5 hrs max) battery life, minuscule buttons, semi-nonintuitive menu, wear and split express
1	Value
1	prize
1	Fast, good quality full page photo printing, reads memory cards.
1	truehearted, upright quality full page photo printing, reads memory cards.
0	poor battery life, color unsaturated, not weatherproof at all
0	poor battery life, colouring unsaturated, not weatherproof at all
0	When using infant carrier, older child cannot sit; somewhat heavy; manuvering in stores takes practice!
0	When using infant carrier, previous child cannot sit; somewhat heavy; manuvering in stores adopt praxis!
1	One less item to carry; it's a topic of conversation.
1	I less item to hold; it's a topic of conversation.
0	Unreliable, turns off randomly, deletes text messages on its own
0	treacherous, turns off willy-nilly, deletes text messages on its own
0	wish the zoom was better and bettery life could be better
0	wish the zoom was safe and bettery life could be break
0	No sound w/video, instruction book intimidating, zoom and focus slow
0	nobelium sound w/video, instruction book intimidating, zoom and focus irksome
1	Price, Features, Lens, Durability.
1	Price, boast, Lens, Durability.
0	Price
0	cost
1	Plenty of accessories and face covers, nice menu system, durable
1	Plenty of accessories and boldness continue, nice menu system, durable
0	Flimsy card cover, long recovery time between shots
0	Flimsy card cover, farseeing recovery time between shots
0	battery
0	bombardment
1	Separate ink tanks
1	divide ink tanks
1	Nice all-in-one machine, small, decent and easy to use.
1	Nice all-in-one machine, small, decent and prosperous to use.
0	- bad interface
0	- spoiled interface
0	will not take supre fine pictures
0	will not contain supre fine pictures
1	lots of cool features,color screen, and i smoke weed out of it
1	lots of poise features,distort screen, and i smoke weed out of it
1	compact, easy to read instructions, great printing quality
1	bundle, easy to read instructions, great printing quality
0	buttons fragile, short battery life, no extras, accessories hard to find
0	buttons fragile, forgetful battery life, no extras, accessories hard to obtain
1	everything
1	everything
1	Cheap, small, good placement of buttons
1	bum, small, good placement of buttons
0	The Phone! No Bluetooth. "Camera"
0	The sound! No Bluetooth. "Camera"
1	Small, easy to use, yet with great image quality and features.
1	Small, easy to use, yet with enceinte image choice and features.
0	Signal strength might be a little weaker than some, no belt clip with phone.
0	Signal strength might be a little watery than some, no belt dress with phone.
0	piece of crap!
0	composition of crap!
1	Fast, Good Black Quality
1	Fast, Good Negroid Quality
0	Ink Cartridges Costly (but they all are)
0	ink Cartridges Costly (but they all are)
0	programming, picture printing
0	programming, envision printing
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
1	Excellent Quality when it crop and many features, Great impression and voice clarity
1	Really cool features, voice dialing, better games, customize-able menus
1	Really chill features, voice dialing, better games, customize-able menus
0	Small size restricts usability; Verizon-mandated features reduce options.
0	Small size restricts usability; Verizon-mandated features shorten options.
1	Easy to use and quality photos
1	gentle to use and quality photos
1	Reduce carrying 2 items down to 1; feature-rich
1	Reduce carrying two items down to 1; feature-rich
0	cheap construction, bad antenna, hard to lose
0	cheap construction, tough antenna, hard to lose
0	Heats up, bad menu for verizon, upgrade in April 2006.
0	heat up, bad menu for verizon, climb in April 2006.
0	Difficult to push and turn
0	Difficult to push and twist
1	economic
1	economical
1	Ease of use, cheap fun
1	Ease of expend, cheap fun
0	design flaw (headset & power) connection WILL loosen, GSM network coverage VERY spotty
0	invention flaw (headset & power) link WILL loosen, GSM network coverage VERY spotty
0	very poor reliability, horrible customer service, unreliable autofocus, high price
0	very wretched reliability, horrible customer service, unreliable autofocus, gamy price
1	Fast, USB Support, Easy to use. 
1	Fast, USB documentation, Easy to use. 
0	Somewhat difficult to learn to program
0	Somewhat difficult to learn to curriculum
1	Smaller than most other Nextel phones, voice activated dialing, nifty blue backlighting
1	Smaller than most other Nextel phone, voice activated dialing, nifty profane backlighting
1	Doesn't take much room, easy to install and use
1	Doesn't consider much room, easy to install and use
0	Wish it had a lens cap.
0	Wish it had a lens roof.
1	After days of constant research, I have settled on this one.  
1	After days of constant research, 1 have colonised on this one.  
1	Small and quick.
1	low and quick.
1	great battery, looks neat and has a lot of cool features
1	great battery, expect peachy and has a lot of cool features
0	no bluetooth
0	no bluetooth
1	good quality
1	practiced quality
1	Low price, ease of installation and use, excellent text output and good color output
1	modest price, ease of installation and use, splendid text output and good color output
1	fairly quick print time
1	middling quick print time
0	does not come with usb/parallel cable!!!
0	does not come with usb/analogue cable!!!
1	Compact, Sharp 4 Mega Pixel file sizes, Great Features, Excellent outdoor shots.
1	Compact, Sharp 4 Mega Pixel file sizes, smashing lineament, Excellent outdoor shots.
0	noisy, slow
0	noisy, slowly
1	Internet Browser, Voice Recognition, sleek and very lite.
1	Internet Browser, Voice Recognition, sleek and very light.
1	it's tiny. seemingly indestructible. decent signal. VGA camera in a phone.
1	it's bantam. seemingly indestructible. decent signal. VGA camera in a ring.
1	Great picture and text
1	capital picture and text
1	Memory Stick, easy to use, long battery life
1	Memory Stick, easy to use, long battery life-time
0	Sometimes has trouble picking up a signal where there is a lot of interferance.
0	Sometimes has trouble plunk up a signal where there is a raft of interferance.
1	very simple interface, multi usage for memory sticks, USB link, long time battery...
1	very simple interface, multi usage for retentiveness sticks, USB link, foresighted time battery...
0	battery comes off easily, turns off on its own
0	battery comes off easily, turning off on its own
0	Didn't work
0	Didn't exercise
1	No maintenance, ink is affordable
1	No maintenance, ink is low-priced
1	Small and lightweight, easy to use, very stylish, external LCD display
1	belittled and lightweight, easy to function, very stylish, external LCD display
1	good quality copies &amp;amp; prints, does all I need
1	secure quality copies &amp;amp; impress, does all I need
1	High Resolution
1	High resolution
0	Need to figure out (on your own) some of the more detailed options available.
0	involve to picture out (on your own) some of the more detailed options available.
0	screen hard to read in sunlight
0	screen intemperate to read in sunlight
0	Jams once in a while ripping the paper, lines when printing color from PC.
0	press once in a while ripping the paper, lines when impress color from PC.
0	Barely can feed subsequent sheets now because of what I did
0	Barely can give subsequent sheets now because of what i did
0	Reception at times.
0	Reception at multiplication.
0	The way the single-photo-delete feature works, I've accidentally erased good pictures.
0	The way the single-photo-delete feature operate, I've accidentally erased proficient pictures.
0	Not for large businesses
0	Not for vauntingly businesses
1	Tri-mode, SMS, 200 contact list
1	Tri-mode, SMS, 200 contact leaning
1	Has lasted a few years
1	Has go a few years
0	Speaker needs to be louder, monophonic ringtones
0	Speaker penury to be louder, monophonic ringtones
1	A speaker phone for Alltel customers.  Other nice ideas.
1	A speaker phone for Alltel customers.  Other prissy ideas.
1	It prints...sometimes...
1	It print...sometimes...
0	Extremely short battery life, some connection errors to PC, small CF card included.
0	Extremely curt battery life, some connection errors to PC, small cf card included.
0	Battery life, software is awkward.
0	Battery aliveness, software is awkward.
1	lightweight, easy to use
1	lightweight, well-off to use
1	Lovely, vivid pictures! Very fast drafts printing.
1	Lovely, vivid pictures! Very dissipated drafts printing.
1	COLOR SCREEN/ OUTER SCREEN/ SPEAKER PHONE
1	COLOR SCREEN/ OUTER SCREEN/ SPEAKER ring
0	none
0	none
1	Small, Many Features, Built to Hold Up
1	Small, Many Features, Built to throw Up
0	missing good PIM features.
0	missing beneficial PIM features.
0	it is heavy
0	it is laborious
0	placement of shutter button in front of the power switch... I turn it off often, instead of snapping the picture.  But it's still new to me... I'll get used to it
0	placement of shutter button in front of the superpower trade... single turn it off much, instead of snapping the flick.  But it's still new to me... I'll go used to it
0	none
0	none
0	Shutter delay, slow recovery time, dark flash photos in viewfinder
0	Shutter retard, slow recovery time, dark tatty photos in viewfinder
1	Extremely durable (Washing machine safe apparently)
1	Extremely durable (moisten machine safe apparently)
0	large, hard to focus, flash is complicated
0	big, hard to focus, flash is complicated
1	Easy to use. Excellent pictures. Cool looking!
1	Easy to use. Excellent project. Cool looking!
1	Good Quality, while it works. Top Load (No paper jams)
1	expert Quality, while it wreak. Top Load (No paper jams)
0	It Lies To You
0	IT Lies To You
0	NONE !!!!!!!
0	none !!!!!!!
0	Larger model
0	Larger mannikin
0	none I can think of
0	none ane can think of
1	Small, nice quality
1	humble, nice quality
1	cheap, quiet, great text, nice color
1	cheap, quiet, great text, decent color
0	Mis-marketed as a world phone. No speakerphone - lack of simple rings.
0	Mis-marketed as a earth phone. No speakerphone - lack of childlike rings.
1	Color screen, wireless web
1	colorize screen, wireless web
0	To accomodate its large screen, the phone is not super-slim.  The menu could be better.
0	To accomodate its big screen, the phone is not super-slim.  The carte could be good.
0	Horrendous memory usage, destabilizing in multitasking environment.
0	direful memory usage, destabilizing in multitasking environment.
1	Great quality, well built, quiet
1	Great quality, well establish, quiet
1	battery life, look (sleek), small
1	battery life, look (sleek), small-scale
0	Quality control?
0	Quality contain?
1	Takes beautiful photographs easily!
1	convey beautiful photographs easily!
0	battery life and some controls
0	battery sprightliness and some controls
1	Rugged, but neat, good value for money
1	Rugged, but neat, good evaluate for money
0	There is not much difference between draft and high quality for printing.
0	thither is not much departure between draft and high quality for printing.
0	Very poor earpiece/speaker quality.Lousy battery life.Wobbly hinges.Get a Katana  for free.
0	Very poor earpiece/speaker quality.dirty battery liveliness.Wobbly hinges.mother a Katana  for free.
0	Eats through batteries, heavy
0	eats through batteries, heavy
1	Inexpensive, user friendly, great quality shots.
1	Inexpensive, user friendly, enceinte quality shots.
1	Amazing Quality, Good Speed, And Quiet
1	Amazing tone, Good Speed, And Quiet
1	everything
1	everything
1	Takes great pictures at high quality setting
1	Takes great pictures at high quality do
0	still trying to figure out some of the features
0	unruffled trying to figure out some of the features
0	Dual-OS environment, no apparent way to send SMS messages
0	Dual-OS environment, no unmistakable way to send SMS messages
1	2.3 megapixels, 2240X1500(max resolution), 24 bit color, JPEG or TIFF formatting, audio capabilities, 20 MB memory card 
1	2.3 megapixels, 2240X1500(max resolution), 24 moment color, JPEG or squabble formatting, audio capabilities, 20 MB memory tease 
0	grahic clarity fair
0	grahic clarity honest
0	no USB, flash quality/red eye
0	no USB, flash caliber/red eye
0	Menus are confusing, profiles difficult to set up,
0	Menus are confusing, profiles difficult to determine up,
0	no basket
0	no basketful
1	compact
1	succinct
0	expensive, poor customer service, not the best for twins
0	expensive, poor customer service, not the substantially for twins
0	Not THAT inexpensive compared to the competition
0	Not THAT inexpensive compare to the competition
1	Bluetooth, screen, custom menus for power computer user - totally inaccessible to the regular user.
1	Bluetooth, screen, custom menus for baron computer user - totally untouchable to the regular user.
1	Easy to use, looks nice, movable lense, 
1	Easy to utilisation, looks nice, movable lense, 
0	does not have zoom lense
0	does not have surge lense
1	SLR, great image quality
1	SLR, keen image quality
0	Not Enough SmartMemory
0	Not sufficiency SmartMemory
0	none that I can see
0	none that I can insure
0	size, volume
0	sizing, volume
1	High Speed, Very Quiet, Instant On Feature, Double Sided Printing
1	High Speed, Very Quiet, Instant along Feature, Double Sided printing
0	Sometimes has tech problems (but not many)
0	Sometimes has tech trouble (but not many)
0	stuff
0	gorge
0	batteries go dead after a short time
0	batteries go perfectly after a short time
0	The charging cradle unit does NOT work with the leather case on the phone.
0	The charging cradle unit does NOT shape with the leather case on the earpiece.
0	Poor flash, lack of manual options.
0	Poor flash, lack of manual selection.
1	price, features
1	cost, features
1	Good picture quality, point and click, unlimited storage on compact cards, and audio capability.
1	commodity picture quality, point and click, unlimited storage on compact poster, and audio capability.
0	Maneuvering interface is cumbersome and slow.
0	Maneuvering interface is cumbersome and sluggish.
1	Light weight, easy to use, simple connection to PC, Smart Media, Low price
1	Light weight, easy to practice, simple connection to microcomputer, Smart Media, Low price
1	Nice color screen, good battery life for color screen phone
1	Nice color screen, goodness battery life for tinge screen phone
1	Easy to use! clear pictures, plenty options for me to customize my photos.
1	Easy to utilize! clear pictures, plenty alternative for me to customize my photos.
0	handles are too short, not very robust
0	handles are too abruptly, not very robust
1	Size, features, sleek design, external caller ID.
1	Size, features, silky design, external caller ID.
0	Built in flash is weak (like all point and shoot cameras)
0	Built in blink is weakly (like all point and shoot cameras)
0	None 
0	none 
1	good size
1	secure size
1	Manual/auto modes, macro, 2X zoom, very easy to handle as it's light and fits hand well.
1	Manual/auto modes, macro, 2X zoom, very wanton to handle as it's light-headed and equip hand well.
1	Can keep in pocket.  Takes great pictures.
1	Can keep in pocket.  Takes peachy pictures.
0	heavy, cup holder doesn't stay on well
0	heavy, cup holder doesn't stay on advantageously
0	Too fast (paper jams), Price.
0	Too fast (paper pickle), Price.
0	too many to list here....
0	too many to listing here....
1	Small, lightweight, lots of features, customizable rings and images
1	Small, lightweight, fortune of features, customizable rings and images
1	Beautiful Screen, easy to use, packed with features.
1	Beautiful Screen, easy to employ, packed with features.
1	Compact, easy to carry, sharp pictures, very easy to operate, can control the flash.
1	succinct, easy to carry, sharp pictures, very easy to run, can control the flash.
1	low price, quality
1	downhearted price, quality
1	exceptional battery life, resolution,special effects
1	exceptional battery liveliness, resolution,special effects
1	Small design, easy to use, excellent resolution, great features!
1	Small design, easy to use, excellent resolution, great characteristic!
1	Good for the electronically challenged, Low Cost, Great Software, 
1	ripe for the electronically challenged, Low Cost, Great Software, 
0	Short battery life.
0	Short barrage life.
1	Reasonably priced, great quality and sound.
1	Reasonably price, great quality and sound.
1	Very fast black &amp; white as well as color copies, very easy to use
1	Very truehearted black &amp; clean as well as color copies, very easy to use
0	Small glitch in the screen
0	pocket-size glitch in the screen
0	Expensive ink.
0	expensive ink.
0	Not Much
0	Not practically
1	Very reliable. Cheap price. Big cartridge means long life.
1	Very reliable. Cheap price. Big cartridge means long biography.
1	cheap in price
1	cheap in cost
0	picture quality
0	see quality
1	Easy to program, comes with two different colorful covers.
1	Easy to programme, comes with two different colorful covers.
0	HP software leaves a lot to be desired.
0	HP software leaves a bunch to be desired.
0	None really
0	None rattling
0	hard to read instruction manual..... uses batteries very fast
0	hard to read instruction manual..... uses batteries very loyal
1	auto duplexing, quiet, fast &amp;amp; professional quality
1	auto duplexing, quiet, profligate &amp;amp; professional quality
1	easy to use, nice ring tones, priority ringing, small, clear.
1	easily to use, nice gang tones, priority ringing, small, clear.
0	Delay between shots, focusing, tricky white balance
0	Delay between nip, focusing, tricky white balance
0	Some grain in low light.
0	Some grain in modest light.
0	no lens cover
0	no lens masking
0	short printer cord
0	poor printer cord
0	Very Expensive, a little large, basket access difficult
0	Very Expensive, a piffling large, basket access difficult
1	Slim, good display, full featured to the max
1	Slim, good display, full featured to the soap
1	QUIET, fast, inexpensive, easy to use interfaces, bright colors, USB capability
1	QUIET, fast, inexpensive, slow to use interfaces, burnished colors, USB capability
0	can not switch it manually to analog
0	can not switch it manually to linear
1	small size, easy to use for a amatuer
1	pocket-sized size, easy to use for a amatuer
0	Short battery life, LCD screen illegible in strong light, poor owner&#146;s manual.
0	Short barrage life, LCD screen illegible in strong light, piteous owner&#146;s manual.
1	Good quality print &amp; copy, easy to use, can work from keypad w/out computer
1	proficient quality print &amp; copy, easy to use, can mould from keypad double-u/out computer
0	Shutter freeze hinders action shots
0	Shutter freeze stymy action shots
0	slow download time
0	retard download time
1	So easy to use
1	thence easy to use
1	its small
1	its minor
0	Not the greatest battery life.
0	non the greatest battery life.
1	Low Cost Ink, Average Quality (Prints), USB
1	Low Cost Ink, Average Quality (print), USB
1	The phone works in the US.  Other than that....?
1	The phone works in the US.  former than that....?
0	Price ($950)
0	cost ($950)
0	Poor indoor photo quality. Especially the flash and white balance.  Battery life.
0	Poor indoor photo quality. Especially the meretricious and white balance.  battery life.
0	Mediocre plain-paper printouts, consumables expensive, water soluble ink
0	Mediocre plain-paper printouts, consumables expensive, H2O soluble ink
1	Quick, Easy Installation.  XP Compatible.  Tri-function at minimal cost
1	Quick, easily Installation.  XP Compatible.  Tri-function at minimal cost
1	Cool design, nice switching cover feature.
1	Cool design, nice switching plow feature.
1	Cheap, 2MB Onboard Memory, LCD
1	Cheap, 2MB Onboard storage, LCD
1	Good picture quality; compact
1	Good photograph quality; compact
1	High Quality at a very affordable price. Easy to set up
1	High caliber at a very affordable price. Easy to localize up
1	Part of a computer package deal
1	partly of a computer package deal
1	Most compact and lightweight.  Fits in your pocket.
1	Most compact and lightweight.  check in your pocket.
1	Inexpensive, Beautiful Print Quality, Top Brand Name, Very Quiet, USB/Parallel Interface, Small Physical Size
1	Inexpensive, Beautiful Print Quality, Top Brand Name, Very tranquillise, USB/latitude Interface, Small Physical size
0	Camera has limited utility, buttons may be too small for some.
0	Camera has limited utility, release may be too belittled for some.
1	Easy to use, small, decent quality.
1	prosperous to use, small, decent quality.
0	Cheezy door that opens to the media card compartment, and you cannot add threaded lenses to this lens for added protection.
0	Cheezy door that opens to the media tease compartment, and you cannot tally threaded lens to this lens for tot protection.
0	severe and chronic paper feed problems
0	severe and chronic report feed problems
0	many!
0	many!
0	This kind of performance doesn't come cheap
0	This tolerant of performance doesn't come cheap
0	cost of cartridges, noise, profile
0	price of cartridges, noise, profile
1	everything is good except for the battery.
1	everything is unspoiled except for the battery.
0	not so user-friendly for the casual photo-snapper
0	not so user-friendly for the daily photo-snapper
0	Unreliable; Doesnt sync calender/phone/mail with computer
0	Unreliable; Doesnt sync calender/phone/send with computer
0	Exif viewer and launcher are cumbersome, you will be frustrated trying to d/l w/USB port
0	Exif viewer and launcher are cumbersome, you will be frustrated nerve-racking to d/l watt/USB interface
1	Easy to use, great printing ,&amp; well designed.Ink can be refilled saving you $. 
1	Easy to use, bully printing ,&amp; well designed.Ink can be refill saving you $. 
0	More features than I need,
0	More features than iodine need,
0	Flimsy antenna
0	onionskin antenna
1	Easy to use, reasonably fast and good picture quality.  Smaller than previous models.
1	Easy to use, reasonably fast and near film quality.  Smaller than previous models.
1	The phone is small and sleek with big performance.
1	The phone is small and sleek with braggy performance.
1	small size, no annoying antenna, ease of use, price
1	small size, no annoying antenna, ease of usage, price
0	none
0	none
1	8x optical zoom, Rotatable lens, Large LCD screen
1	8x optical zoom, Rotatable lens, big LCD screen
0	too large for your pocket, slow processor, buggy firmware, circular keypad
0	too large for your pocket, slow mainframe, buggy firmware, broadside keypad
0	None
0	none
0	Hard to push and maneuver
0	Hard to press and maneuver
1	Good handset sound quality, good RF
1	Good handset sound quality, right RF
0	BAD color.  Not Windows XP compatible.
0	BAD vividness.  Not Windows XP compatible.
0	Its a Nokia needs more features.
0	Its a Nokia need more features.
1	It IS a digital camera! 
1	It exist a digital camera! 
0	Terrible battery life &amp; horrible bundled software
0	Terrible battery life &amp; horrible compact software
1	Cheap and pretty
1	flashy and pretty
0	Eats batteries
0	grub batteries
1	Nice upgrade to 4700 series, full-featured.
1	Nice advance to 4700 series, full-featured.
0	Battery life, few options, squeaky hinge, unpredictable call quality
0	Battery life, few options, squeaky hinge, unpredictable foretell quality
0	battery life is horrible
0	shelling life is horrible
0	Noisy, slower than most, could have better software
0	Noisy, slower than most, could have sound software
1	Easy to use, Un-cluttered by "extras", Good value.
1	Easy to use, Un-cluttered by "extras", just value.
0	No where to put things
0	No where to set things
1	Standby/Talk time,256 color, interchangeable face plates,size, musical tone,camera,SIM card.
1	Standby/Talk metre,256 color, interchangeable face plates,size, musical tone,camera,SIM bill.
0	Not all accessories available in the USA yet!
0	Not all accessories available in the America yet!
1	Compact size, 4 megapixel images, and A great feature set
1	Compact size, 4 megapixel images, and amp great feature countersink
1	Camera feature is cool but only for a couple weeks.
1	Camera boast is cool but only for a couple workweek.
0	sometimes is a little slow when focusing or taking picture
0	sometimes is a little ho-hum when focusing or take picture
1	Easy to Use
1	Easy to habituate
1	Full featured, has everything and some.
1	fully featured, has everything and some.
0	Cheap feel, CRAPPY lens cap
0	Cheap feel, CRAPPY lens detonator
0	cuts off
0	track off
0	Battery life
0	Battery biography
0	Not as sharp as some new inkjets
0	Not as acutely as some new inkjets
0	should have bought it sooner
0	should have bought it earlier
0	Battery Life
0	Battery sprightliness
0	Not much in this category....price for some.
0	Not much in this category....toll for some.
1	Very cheap!
1	identical cheap!
0	Speakerphone too soft.
0	Speakerphone too cushy.
1	Multi-band: GSM, TDMA, Analog
1	Multi-band: GSM, TDMA, analogue
1	Compact, large screen, inexpensive
1	bundle, large screen, inexpensive
0	None yet
0	None withal
1	everything but design and lack of games
1	everything but project and lack of games
1	Quality components. Small size and excellent overall photo quality.
1	Quality components. Small size and excellent overall photo choice.
0	SLOOOOWWWW upload times.  Doesn't hold settings. Awkward to hold.  No lens cap strap. 
0	SLOOOOWWWW upload times.  Doesn't handle settings. Awkward to oblige.  No lens cap strap. 
1	I like everything on this phone it's light,  it's small.
1	I alike everything on this phone it's dismount,  it's small.
0	Price depreciation too fast
0	Price depreciation too tight
1	Easy to read w/blue display, very compact, high speed data capable
1	gentle to read w/downhearted display, very compact, high speed data capable
1	Takes Great Photos.  Zoom feature is super easy to use.
1	select Great Photos.  Zoom feature is tiptop easy to use.
0	bulky
0	bulky
0	Not much
0	Not practically
0	Poor to mediocre image quality, sucks the life right out of expensive batteries
0	misfortunate to mediocre image tone, sucks the life right out of expensive batteries
0	Lags in connecting, battery life
0	Lags in connecting, battery biography
0	The high price isn't worth just having a color-screened phone.
0	The mellow toll isn't worth just having a color-screened phone.
1	Lightweight, good quality, good value for money
1	Lightweight, commodity quality, good value for money
0	Poor sound quality (On both ends)
0	Poor reasoned quality (On both ends)
0	Keypad setup
0	keypad setup
0	Breaks and is cheap
0	jailbreak and is cheap
1	Great battery life, looks cool, customizable, internet-ready
1	Great battery life, calculate cool, customizable, internet-ready
1	Ease of use, build quality, styling.
1	simpleness of use, build quality, styling.
0	small screen
0	small blind
1	easy to use, great quality, lightweight, affordable
1	easy to use, bang-up quality, lightweight, affordable
1	Looks, comfort for baby, name
1	feeling, comfort for baby, name
1	Small, Active Flip, TETRIS!
1	small-scale, Active Flip, TETRIS!
0	Eats Batteries
0	Eats barrage
1	Fast text output and superior photographic repro.
1	libertine text output and superior photographic repro.
1	This camera holds lots of pictures and is good quality.
1	This camera harbor lots of pictures and is honest quality.
1	Easy to use, good photos, USB, 3x Optical zoom, excellent value
1	Easy to employment, good photos, USB, 3x Optical zoom, excellent rate
1	Works good as modem
1	workings good as modem
0	I haven't found any yet... I'll update this if i do. =)
0	iodin haven't happen any yet... I'll update this if i do. =)
0	None
0	none
0	i wish you could load with film also.
0	i wish you could onus with film also.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to practice
0	flimsy
0	thin
0	Not PHOTO quality
0	Not pic quality
0	Very inconvenient in DOS
0	Very inconvenient in coiffure
0	If you can't get consistent sound on a mobile phone, what's the use!!!???
0	If you can't find consistent heavy on a mobile phone, what's the use!!!???
0	annoying side button noise, a bit bulky, bad organizer, currency converter, cingular branding annoying
0	annoying side button randomness, a minute bulky, bad organizer, currency converter, cingular branding annoying
0	Pricey printer and comsumables
0	Pricey pressman and comsumables
1	easy to learn to use
1	well-heeled to learn to use
1	Great functions, easy to install, fills it purpose.
1	slap-up functions, easy to install, fills it purpose.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to usage
0	A little thicker than the older 2035 model
0	A little thicker than the onetime 2035 model
0	Read the review.
0	scan the review.
0	Color cartridge not stocked at all stores
0	Color pickup not stocked at all stores
0	Got big hands?
0	Got big custody?
1	10-20x zoom is AWESOME
1	10-20x surge is AWESOME
0	Cheezy tripod socket, some production problems
0	Cheezy tripod socket, some production problem
1	Love affair lasted only a year.
1	Love affair go only a year.
1	A very simple camera to operate, not too many features or settings to master
1	A very simple-minded camera to run, not too many features or settings to master
1	FAST, great text and color, quiet
1	FAST, great textbook and color, quiet
1	Good reception
1	dear reception
0	Cost of print cartridges, size, noise, no toll free number to call for service
0	Cost of print cartridges, size, noise, no toll complimentary number to visit for service
0	Photos print a little slow, but quality makes up for it.
0	Photos print a little tiresome, but quality attain up for it.
1	Very small for its performance, and durability. Very accurate and sharp pictures.
1	Very small for its performance, and durability. Very accurate and penetrative render.
1	Inexpensive
1	cheap
1	Seems like you would get more for your money with this stroller.
1	appear like you would incur more for your money with this stroller.
0	Some closeup pictures have turned out a little too washed out from strong flash
0	Some closeup pictures have work out a little too washed out from strong fanfare
0	WISH IT WAS A &quot;&quot;WORLD PHONE&quot;&quot;
0	bid IT comprise A &quot;&quot;WORLD PHONE&quot;&quot;
0	battery contact problem
0	battery liaison problem
1	Service is great in certain areas
1	Service is corking in certain areas
0	No Vibe option, belt clip has tendency to put phone in awkard angles and places.
0	No vibe option, smash jog has tendency to put phone in awkard angles and places.
0	Small storage basket
0	Small reposition basket
1	Affordable
1	low-priced
1	Is a small, and quality taking picture camera 
1	Is a small, and quality exact picture camera 
1	Small, Pocket-sized, Attractive appearance, many accessories
1	Small, Pocket-sized, Attractive appearance, many accessary
0	Buttons are small
0	clit are small
1	awesome quality pictures, easy to use, downloads fast
1	awesome quality pictures, sluttish to use, downloads fast
0	Bad scans, flaky, cheap plastic box/hinges, cant clean underside glass.
0	Bad scans, flaky, cheap plastic box/hinges, lingo clean bottom glass.
1	Awesome Zoom, Great Clarity, Great User Settings
1	Awesome Zoom, Great Clarity, swell User Settings
1	economical, good quality printing, faxing and scanning
1	economical, good timbre printing, faxing and scanning
0	Laggy, not durable, voice quality isn't good
0	Laggy, not indestructible, voice quality isn't good
0	Everything else
0	Everything else
1	BRILLIANT color, fast black, HP quality
1	BRILLIANT coloration, fast black, HP quality
1	Instant upload, lots of features/modes for price, incredible color capability, sexy design
1	Instant upload, batch of features/modes for price, incredible colorize capability, sexy design
0	Coverage in rural areas (AT&amp;T), small speaker
0	Coverage in rural areas (AT&amp;T), modest speaker
1	Small size, good features, customizable look
1	Small size, good features, customizable wait
1	Great with the underwater housing for snorkeling! Super camera! Lots of things to learn!
1	Great with the underwater lodging for snorkeling! Super camera! mickle of things to learn!
1	Sleek, Small, Ease of use
1	Sleek, Small, facilitate of use
1	small and lightweight
1	lowly and lightweight
0	Hidden costs
0	obliterate costs
0	Heavy and a little bulky in trunk.
0	large and a little bulky in trunk.
0	some chromatic aberration, focus has trouble in low light, no optical viewfinder 
0	some chromatic aberration, focus has trouble in low illuminate, no opthalmic viewfinder 
1	Small, Compact, Sits 2 children, Entertainment of older child
1	Small, Compact, Sits 2 children, Entertainment of honest-to-goodness child
0	Typing text messages can be tricky, long menus to scroll thru.
0	Typing text message can be catchy, long menus to scroll thru.
1	Great quality images easy to learn and use
1	peachy quality images easy to learn and use
0	Comes with a 8Mb memory card only, comes with no AC adaptor, lousy software.
0	hail with a 8Mb memory board only, comes with no AC adaptor, lousy software.
0	Poor flash, subject always turn out dark, expensive add ons.
0	Poor flash, subject always ferment out dreary, expensive add ons.
1	Quick printing, Takes up very little desk space, reliable.
1	Quick printing, necessitate up very little desk space, reliable.
0	Power button somewhat hard to get at, need to pay attention to not covering speaker
0	exponent button somewhat intemperate to catch at, need to pay attention to not covering speaker
1	Small, lightweight, battery is included with camera, good resolution, excellent 8x10 color prints, Nikon reputation
1	humble, lightweight, battery is included with camera, practiced resolving, excellent 8x10 color prints, Nikon reputation
1	Good Screen, Bluetooth, WAP Access, Camera built in a small form factor.
1	Good sieve, Bluetooth, WAP Access, Camera progress in a small form factor.
0	none
0	none
1	Improved reception, Compact design, Lightweight, 65K color display.
1	amend reception, Compact design, Lightweight, 65K color display.
0	none
0	none
1	Great features, good print quality, easy to use
1	Great features, good print quality, wanton to use
1	Manual features galore, use of AA batteries, long night exposure (BULB), ultra-compact.
1	Manual features galore, apply of AA batteries, long Night exposure (BULB), ultra-compact.
0	noisy and jerks the paper
0	noisy and tug the paper
1	Low price (both new and now), optical zoom, superior lens
1	depleted price (both new and now), optical zoom, ranking lens
0	Bugs in software, slow responding software, short battery life.
0	Bugs in software, slow responding software, short battery spirit.
1	Great pictures, versatile, compact, floppy adapter
1	expectant pictures, versatile, compact, floppy adapter
1	Small, lightweight, great features
1	Small, lightweight, capital features
1	5 point harness on both car seat and stroller, all in all a good system
1	Phoebe point harness on both car backside and stroller, all in all a commodity system
0	This printer is too big, the print job is very bad and it is loud.
0	This printer is too full-grown, the publish job is very bad and it is meretricious.
1	Love the pictures it takes!
1	Love the project it takes!
0	SLOOOOW!
0	SLOOOOW!
1	Easy to use, small enough to carry in your purse or pocket and very attractive also.
1	light to use, small enough to pack in your purse or sack and very attractive also.
0	Cannot use legal size documents to copy, fax or scan.  
0	Cannot utilize legal size documents to copy, facsimile or scan.  
0	No cable included
0	No telegraph included
0	*Short battery life .&#13;&#10;*Can save only three messages .&#13;&#10;*Poor clarity voice .&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
0	*Short battery life .&#13;&#10;*pot save only trine messages .&#thirteen;&#10;*Poor clarity voice .&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	Name, speed, price.
1	Name, fastness, price.
0	Eats batteries without using AC adaptor when downloading
0	Eats batteries without victimization AC adaptor when downloading
0	expensive hardware, expensive ink cartridges
0	expensive hardware, expensive ink magazine
1	No film developing, environmentally sound
1	No pic developing, environmentally sound
0	Easily scratched, phonebook, outdated software platform, and no media expansion for camera.
0	Easily scratch, phonebook, outdated software platform, and no media enlargement for camera.
0	eats batteries, cumbersome menu, a few niggling concerns.
0	eats batteries, cumbersome menu, a few niggling worry.
1	style, interface
1	way, interface
0	Slower awkward settings than other FUJI's
0	dim awkward settings than other FUJI's
1	nice color screen, good range of ring tones that are not annoying
1	nice color screen, serious grasp of ring tones that are not annoying
0	dropped calls, hard to use for some
0	dropped calls, hard to habituate for some
0	Still pricey, wrong printer picture shown by epinions at time of writing
0	Still pricey, wrong printer picture express by epinions at time of authorship
1	Can handle some abuse, large buttons
1	Can handle some ill-treat, large buttons
0	Need to buy the slim battery in order to make phone less bulky
0	Need to buy the slim battery in lodge to pretend phone less bulky
0	Hard to clean, awful maintenance, high priced, terrible support
0	Hard to clean, awful maintenance, high priced, terrible substantiate
0	Takes a long time to warm up, color copies are slow, ink cartridges expensive
0	convey a long time to lovesome up, color copies are slow, ink cartridges expensive
0	Not many
0	non many
0	Jpeg quality, must use Capture3 software to work with RAW files, C3 is unacceptable.
0	Jpeg timber, must use Capture3 software to work with natural files, C3 is unacceptable.
1	Great features for the money.
1	keen features for the money.
1	Very light weight and compact, good quality pictures, versatile.
1	Very light weight and compact, skillful quality pictures, versatile.
1	Screen, camera, easy to follow menus, lot more features than I will probably ever use.
1	Screen, camera, loose to trace menus, lot more sport than I will probably ever use.
1	Lightweight, good quality picture, no special software.
1	Lightweight, good quality show, no special software.
0	Bulky, expensive
0	bulky, expensive
0	Might be a little complicated for the beginner, can eat batteries.
0	Might be a niggling complicated for the tiro, can eat batteries.
0	Noisy and shaky
0	Noisy and rickety
0	No optical or digital zoom, poor pictures in low lighting, red eye function inconvenient.
0	No optical or digital zoom, miserable pictures in low unhorse, red eye function inconvenient.
0	slow at times
0	slowly at times
1	compact, great picture quality 1600x1200
1	covenant, great picture quality 1600x1200
0	"SIGNAL FADED CALL LOST"
0	"SIGNAL FADED Call LOST"
0	not as fashionable in 2006
0	not as stylish in 2006
1	NONE
1	none
1	quality -the best
1	prize -the best
1	Low Price, Great Picture Quality, 8mb of ram included, output jack for tv display, works and looks like a normal 35mm camera
1	Low Price, Great figure caliber, 8mb of ram included, output diddly for tv display, go and looks like a normal 35mm camera
1	High quality printing, multi-platform, reasonable image quality, good value
1	High quality printing, multi-platform, reasonable figure quality, good value
1	Fast,Easy to use
1	Fast,well-situated to use
1	Inexpensive, relatively easy to use.
1	Inexpensive, relatively easily to use.
0	delay between when u press the button and when it actually takes the pic
0	delay between when u press the push and when it actually consider the pic
1	The keypad works most of the time...Not all the time but most
1	The keypad oeuvre most of the clip...Not all the time but most
0	Price, difficulty hearing, heats up, games, basic features
0	Price, difficulty learn, heats up, games, basic features
1	Ease of use, quality
1	ease of use, quality
0	Printer driver improperly prints from Adobe Acrobat viewer
0	Printer driver improperly print from Adobe Acrobat viewer
0	Poor reception in many areas
0	poor reception in many areas
0	expensive, large size can make in hard to move
0	expensive, bombastic size can make in hard to move
1	Ok price. Looked good in the store.
1	Ok price. wait good in the store.
0	manual feeding a touch tricky, beige
0	manual feeding a ghost tricky, beige
1	Color Screen
1	colourise Screen
1	Quick, fast warm-up, handy features.
1	Quick, profligate warm-up, handy features.
0	wish i bought it sooner
0	wish i bought it Oklahoman
0	Learning curve for features---Macro feature is poor--lag in shutter 
0	Learning curl for features---Macro feature is poor--lag in shutter 
1	None.
1	none.
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
0	freezing menu, ringer mastery on outside phone, failed phone, sucks over all
1	Works hard and does it's job perfectly.
1	Works knockout and does it's job perfectly.
1	cheap, Compaq does honor the warranties
1	cheap, Compaq does respect the warranties
1	very sleek, stylish yet professional look, has what you will most likely use
1	very sleek, stylish yet professional look, has what you will most potential purpose
1	Cost and quality
1	Cost and character
0	Ergonomics
0	ergonomics
0	Head cleaning is loud and slow, USB operation can be unreliable.
0	Head clean is loud and dim, USB operation can be unreliable.
1	Size,ease of use,functionality
1	sizing,ease of use,functionality
0	unable to attach filters or telephoto lenses
0	unable to attach permeate or telephoto lenses
1	Small size, light weight, decreased radiation emissions
1	pocket-sized size, light weight, decreased radiation emissions
0	Sporadic signal, slightly large, battery life not that great, Sprint Vision expensive and quirky.
0	Sporadic signal, slightly large, battery life not that swell, Sprint imaginativeness expensive and quirky.
1	maneuverability, versatility
1	manoeuvrability, versatility
0	It just does not work properly.
0	It just does not go properly.
0	You can't actually use it to make a phone call
0	You can't actually utilization it to score a phone call
0	can't think of any except eats batteries but I think all digital cameras do that. 
0	can't think of any except chow batteries but ace intend all digital cameras do that. 
0	batteries run out quickly
0	batteries incline out quickly
0	No manual feeder, USB only, No control panel whatsoever
0	nobelium manual feeder, USB only, No control panel whatsoever
1	easy, quality
1	easy, timber
1	Battery saver feature, 6x zoom, incredible!, Macro feature, nice!, Easy downloads, 30-60 sec movies WOW!
1	Battery rescuer feature, 6x zoom, incredible!, Macro lineament, nice!, Easy downloads, 30-60 sec film WOW!
0	Not as good on large groups, but good
0	Not as unspoiled on large groups, but good
1	Nice feel; Web browser built in
1	Nice feel; Web browser reinforced in
0	The battery life is very short. Ring selection is very limited!
0	The battery life is very brusque. echo selection is very limited!
0	Lower photo printing quality without the photo kit.
0	low-spirited photo printing quality without the photo kit.
1	thin, sexy, excellent service
1	dilute, sexy, excellent service
1	This camera is a great step up from the Sony MVC 71 series
1	This camera is a great gradation up from the Sony MVC 71 serial
1	affordable, versatile, quick with text
1	affordable, versatile, ready with text
0	a little slow, only one ink cartridge
0	a little slow, only unitary ink cartridge
1	compact, durable, chicks dig it, ease of use, lcd on outside with caller id
1	compact, durable, chicks travail it, ease of practice, lcd on outside with caller id
1	HP 612 is a really easy digital camera and takes good pictures.
1	HP 612 is a real easy digital camera and submit good pictures.
1	quality product - affordable price
1	timbre product - affordable price
1	Cheap, Easy to use, acceptable quality
1	Cheap, Easy to function, acceptable quality
1	Fully compatible with Canon lenses and accessories, well-engineered
1	Fully compatible with Canon lenses and appurtenance, well-engineered
0	Poor resolution
0	Poor declaration
1	Picture quality, build quality, rotating LCD screen, great software
1	Picture caliber, build quality, rotating LCD screen, great software
1	Fast, great print quality, attractive, great price
1	degraded, great print quality, attractive, great price
1	it has all the advance features you'll ever need &amp; accepts CF Type II
1	it has all the beforehand features you'll ever pauperization &amp; accepts CF Type II
0	Size, a bit flimsy
0	Size, a second flimsy
1	Compact, Good picture quality, good memory space
1	Compact, Good picture tone, good memory space
0	earpiece must bee positioned just right for best sound, no cover for camera lens.
0	earpiece must bee positioned just right for best good, no enshroud for camera lens.
0	None
0	none
1	Nice printing, somewhat fast
1	Nice printing, somewhat firm
1	cheap, small large capacity, user-friendly.
1	cheap, diminished large capacity, user-friendly.
1	Roomy, easy to turn sharp corners, comfy
1	Roomy, easy to turn precipitous corners, comfy
0	without video this is just like the DSC-S30, but $100.00 more
0	without picture this is just ilk the DSC-S30, but $100.00 more
1	durability and reliability
1	durability and dependableness
1	Beautiful pictures, long battery life, easy to use, Canon quality
1	Beautiful pictures, long battery sprightliness, easy to use, canyon quality
1	Very easy to use and not very complicated
1	Very easy to habituate and not very complicated
1	Tons of features for the $$$
1	gobs of features for the $$$
1	color screen, weight, ease of use, reliability
1	color screen, weight, ease of use, reliableness
1	Solidly built, very quiet
1	Solidly built, very tranquillise
0	Bigger memory card required...Poor Battery life .little LCD screen.
0	Bigger memory card required...Poor Battery aliveness .little LCD blind.
1	Small, Solid, Beautiful Pictures, Rechargeable batteries included
1	Small, strong, Beautiful Pictures, Rechargeable batteries included
1	compact, sturdy feel, small battery and charger, quick downloads
1	stocky, sturdy feel, small battery and charger, quick downloads
1	Small, lots of features, great reception.
1	Small, oodles of features, great reception.
0	Poor reception, mirror blinds you when light hits it.
0	Poor reception, mirror blinds you when luminosity hits it.
0	Terrible OS manufactured in Hell or close to it. Sadistically slow and sluggish.
0	Terrible os manufactured in Hell or airless to it. Sadistically slow and sluggish.
0	It doesn't have games. Not as many accessories as other phones.
0	It doesn't have games. Not as many accessory as other earphone.
1	Small Size great zoom easy to use
1	lowly Size great zoom easy to use
1	QUALITY AND PRICE
1	select AND PRICE
0	None yet!
0	None heretofore!
1	Very Lightweight construction, pop-up flash is handy,complete kit
1	Very Lightweight construction, pop-up flash is handy,arrant kit
1	Prints beautiful pictures. 
1	Prints beautiful movie. 
0	average ink costs
0	median ink costs
1	Easy to Use, Good Calender and Alarm functions, Durable, Sleek, Overall Great Value
1	Easy to usance, Good Calender and Alarm functions, Durable, Sleek, Overall dandy Value
1	It was cheap
1	It was flashy
1	Good battery life
1	Good battery liveliness
1	3x optical zoom
1	3x visual zoom
1	Huge LCD Display, Power and Features!
1	Huge LCD Display, Power and characteristic!
1	very user-friendly
1	very user-friendly
0	Batteries Drain Quickly When Using Display Mode
0	Batteries Drain rapidly When Using Display Mode
0	Camera is sufficient.
0	camera is sufficient.
0	Cartridge cost, quality
0	cartridge cost, quality
0	Squeeeeeeky, and then some
0	Squeeeeeeky, and then some
0	"DON'T TRY OUT DIS PHONE!!!
0	"DON'T TRY OUT DIS phone!!!
0	Expensive
0	expensive
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
0	Can't usance it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external filmdom
0	No USB support, initial toner drum isn't full
0	No USB stomach, initial toner drum isn't full
1	Ease of use, low cost
1	Ease of use, miserable cost
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, total in vi colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
0	not excellent quality, some speed problems
0	not excellent quality, some amphetamine problems
1	Versatile, Ease of Use Given the Power
1	Versatile, Ease of enjoyment Given the Power
0	Interface, Noisy while in high interference areas, Only 9 melody rings to choose from
0	Interface, Noisy while in high interference expanse, merely 9 melody rings to choose from
1	Small, New Display Screen
1	Small, Modern Display Screen
1	Great Pictures! Easy to use! 
1	Great visualise! Easy to use! 
0	Expensive,not easy for more people to enjoy. Small,and easy to take with. 
0	Expensive,not easy for more people to enjoy. small,and easy to choose with. 
1	Big color screen, size, flip phone, speaker feature, and color pad.
1	Big coloration screen, size, flip phone, speaker feature, and color trudge.
1	excellent price, excellent features (that work as promised!), excellent photo quality!!!
1	excellent price, excellent boast (that study as promised!), excellent photo quality!!!
1	you can throw it againts a wall and it still works {kind of}
1	you can confound it againts a wall and it still knead {kind of}
1	features, ease of use, use of floppy disk
1	features, ease of practice, use of floppy disk
0	Photo print quality, speed, noise
0	Photo print quality, quicken, noise
1	Looks cool, Color screen, Battery Life, Clam Shell Design, World Time
1	reckon coolheaded, Color screen, Battery Life, Clam Shell Design, World Time
1	Intuitive Nokia interface; great screen; easy to use
1	Intuitive Nokia interface; peachy screen; easy to use
0	Too many adapters to get used to
0	Too many adapters to get victimised to
0	If you are upgrading from i90, it will be a waste of time and money.
0	If you are promote from i90, it will be a wild of metre and money.
1	Ease of use, feature set, software included
1	Ease of employment, feature set, software included
1	It talks; the printing quality is good; very inexpensive
1	It talks; the printing quality is salutary; very inexpensive
1	Small, lightweight and takes great pictures
1	Small, lightweight and takes great scene
1	Great Features
1	expectant Features
0	Pricey - 32MB Memory Stick - What's up with that silver body color
0	Pricey - 32MB Memory cohere - What's up with that silver body discolor
0	Locks up occasionally. Limited zoom capability. No USB. No lens cover. Not capable of using accessory filters or lenses. Slow recovery after taking a picture.
0	Locks up occasionally. Limited zoom capability. No USB. No lens hatch. Not capable of using appurtenance filters or lenses. sluggish recovery after read a video.
0	Sprintpcs upload procedures, there is a way around!
0	Sprintpcs upload operation, there is a way around!
1	Truly easy to share, high quality rich color photos!
1	Truly easy to share, high quality rich color photo!
1	The build, sturdy, tough, rotating camera, huge interior lcd
1	The build, sturdy, tough, rotating camera, huge DoI lcd
1	Sleek, Functional, sweet phone!
1	silken, Functional, sweet phone!
0	dropped calls; random shut-offs; poor voice quality (I'm always told speak up); no 2-way texting
0	swing hollo; random shut-offs; miserable voice quality (I'm always told speak up); no 2-way texting
1	Friendly interface, can set different rings for each number in your phone book, calendar, to-do-list.
1	Friendly port, can coiffe different border for each number in your phone book, calendar, to-do-list.
0	Limited Features
0	trammel Features
0	battery life, not as durable as most cell phones
0	battery life, not as durable as most cell headphone
1	Printing quality, USB and serial connectors, ink meter, borderless prints while it lasts.
1	impress prime, USB and serial connectors, ink meter, borderless prints while it lasts.
1	Sleek, handy, light, trendy, super cool.
1	Sleek, handy, light, trendy, super poise.
0	Not quite as fast as I'd like but what I want isn't reasonable either!
0	Not quite as fast as I'd like but what I desire isn't fair either!
1	color screen
1	color sieve
1	Great features set, excellent sound quality, good battery life
1	Great features Seth, excellent sound quality, good battery life
1	storage medium, battery life, ease of use
1	storage medium, barrage life, ease of use
1	User-friendly interface, more options than earlier models, SIM card
1	User-friendly interface, more selection than earlier models, SIM card
0	No tripod mount, no self-timer, poor bundled software.
0	No tripod mount, no self-timer, poor pack software.
0	confusing, missing basket and cup holder
0	fuddle, missing basket and cup holder
0	eats up battery quickly
0	grub up battery quickly
0	It falls apart after 4 months and it becomes to heavy to carry
0	It falls apart after 4 months and it becomes to labored to post
0	incredibly limited functioning for macs, scanner only for paper
0	incredibly limited work for macs, scanner only for paper
0	careful or you'll block lens with finger!
0	careful or you'll block lens with feel!
0	Poor reception, unprotected face, cheap feel
0	Poor reception, unprotected cheek, cheap feel
1	Phone first, PDA second. Solid feel to phone. PDA is true to Palm
1	telephone first, PDA second. Solid flavor to phone. PDA is true to Palm
0	Can't find one yet!
0	Can't rule one yet!
1	High quality photo's, easy to use, very versatile, good software
1	High quality photo's, promiscuous to habit, very versatile, good software
1	The best picture print quality ever!!!!!, average priced ink cartriges, great software and utilities
1	The best photo print quality ever!!!!!, medium priced ink cartriges, great software and utilities
0	size, voice dial is not what I had hoped.
0	size, vocalisation dial is not what I had hoped.
1	Sleek, slim design and blueooth
1	Sleek, slim excogitation and blueooth
0	No speakerphone, cumbersome phonebook entry lookup.
0	No speakerphone, cumbersome phonebook launching lookup.
1	Small, compact
1	small, compact
1	Durable, lightweight, optional carrying case, Very easy to maneuver
1	Durable, lightweight, optional expect case, Very easy to maneuver
0	cheesy name and look, no preview screen and no flash.
0	cheesy name and flavor, no preview screen and no photoflash.
0	n/a
0	N/a
1	For the money good quality pictures.
1	For the money good quality icon.
0	Sound, Speakerphone, Camera, Phone Book, Missing Date, Software, Features
0	Sound, Speakerphone, Camera, headphone Book, Missing Date, Software, Features
1	Unbeatable for the cost. Has parallel and USB connections.
1	Unbeatable for the cost. Has parallel and USB joining.
0	manual, lack of games, lame wallpaper
0	manual, lack of back, lame wallpaper
1	Lightweight, only 12 lb.
1	Lightweight, only xii lb.
0	None
0	none
0	none
0	none
1	Great image quality, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity!
1	keen visualize quality, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity!
0	Uses batteries quickly
0	purpose batteries quickly
0	The camera is bulky, but even at that it's still smaller than its predecessors.
0	The camera is bulky, but even at that it's still belittled than its herald.
1	color screen, battery life, organizer
1	semblance screen, battery life, organizer
1	easy to use, lightweight, practical
1	well-to-do to use, lightweight, practical
1	Inexpensive, Good Quality
1	Inexpensive, near Quality
1	Blue backlighting, outer LCD, large active inner screen, Cheap (~$99 currently)
1	Blue backlighting, outer LCD, large active internal screen, brassy (~$99 currently)
1	Light, compact, simple, durable and attractive.
1	Light, compact, mere, durable and attractive.
0	SLOW serial connection, small 8mb memory card
0	SLOW serial connection, pocket-sized 8mb memory card
0	Lacks a good photo-editing program
0	Lacks a upright photo-editing program
0	8MB memory stick, memory stick in general.
0	8MB memory dumbfound, memory stick in general.
0	Not too many options
0	Not too many alternative
1	Very convenient, especially for infants.  Very durable.
1	rattling convenient, especially for infants.  Very durable.
0	Horrible print quality
0	Horrible print caliber
0	Most images come out blurry, poor quality in low lighting conditions, BAD close up shots!
0	most images come out blurry, poor quality in low lighting condition, BAD closemouthed up shots!
1	alot
1	alot
0	Ink goes very fast, and the cartridges can be a bit pricey! 
0	Ink goes very riotous, and the cartridges can be a scrap pricey! 
1	great results, like a real SLR, USB interface, fast response time
1	great results, ilk a real SLR, USB interface, degraded response time
0	Occasionally hangs up, cartridges are expensive
0	Occasionally flow up, cartridges are expensive
1	everything
1	everything
0	No optical zoom, low digital zoom, lens cap may not want to stay on.
0	No optical zoom, low digital whizz, lens hood may not want to stay on.
0	Didn't work
0	Didn't bring
0	None
0	none
1	Ease of use (using the USB PORT) Produces great  prints.
1	ease of use (using the USB PORT) Produces groovy  prints.
0	low tones/rings
0	low tonicity/rings
1	Inexpensive, small
1	cheap, small
1	Great features for price. Very easy to use.  Small and lightweight.
1	Great features for price. selfsame easy to function.  Small and lightweight.
1	Top-notch photo quality.  Fast and great for text.  Quiet. 
1	Top-notch photo character.  Fast and great for text.  Quiet. 
1	easy to fold and open, car seats snap in and come out easy
1	easy to plica and surface, car seats snap in and come out easy
1	lg LED Screen Back lit. All in one degsin
1	lg LED shield Back lit. All in one degsin
1	compact, inexpensive, decent feature set
1	compact, inexpensive, decent lineament set
1	multifunctional and space saving
1	multifunctional and space save
0	Picture quality, battery usage
0	image quality, battery usage
0	none
0	none
0	NO Internet connections,horrible games,no voice dialing
0	NO Internet connections,horrible gage,no voice dialing
0	Not having one
0	Not having unity
0	Keypad is sensitive, so buttons may accidently get pushed.
0	Keypad is sensitive, so buttons may accidently acquire pushed.
0	Pester folks from the comfort of your car!
0	Pester kinfolk from the comfort of your car!
0	Inexpensive  :o)
0	inexpensive  :o)
1	ready to use right out of the box
1	ready to utilization right out of the box
0	Only 1 Megapixel, not very good outdoor quality. No USB. Only 4MB card.
0	Only 1 Megapixel, not very good outdoor quality. No USB. only 4MB add-in.
1	Fast , cheap, easy to use, Exceptional color quality
1	Fast , cheap, easy to use, olympian color quality
0	none!
0	none!
1	Very good features, fun to use, durable, excelent signal, Bluetooth capable, nice screen and size.
1	Very good features, fun to apply, undestroyable, excelent signal, Bluetooth capable, decent screen and size.
1	easy to use, hangs on belt clip nicely
1	easy to enjoyment, hangs on belt clip nicely
1	Excellent picture quality, easy to use
1	Excellent flick quality, easy to use
1	Great for email, short videos &amp; conference calling
1	Great for email, short videos &amp; conference visit
0	slow, wet pages come out from printer. 
0	dumb, wet pages come out from printer. 
1	can be used as a web cam
1	can be used as a web Cam
0	Hard to find accessories for this phone.  Battery life could be better.
0	intemperately to find accessories for this phone.  Battery living could be better.
0	Print quality is lessened unless using expensive paper
0	Print quality is lessened unless employ expensive paper
0	Mine blew up
0	Mine spoil up
0	None.
0	none.
0	Ink cartridges expensive
0	ink cartridges expensive
0	good reviews in Computer mag
0	undecomposed reviews in Computer mag
1	Good Quality images, good manual features, affordable
1	Good timber images, good manual features, affordable
0	None. Well an extra battery sure wouldn't hurt. 
0	None. Well an extra battery sure wouldn't spite. 
1	light weight,and priced right
1	Light weight,and priced right
1	Good Printer
1	serious Printer
0	Blurry pictures if you aren't very still, no flash, lose power and pics are gone
0	Blurry visualise if you aren't very unruffled, no flash, lose power and photograph are gone
1	ease of operation, feature set, and price
1	ease of operation, feature arrange, and price
1	Price, quality of work
1	Price, quality of make
1	Good photo quality and color accuracy, threaded for converter lenses, solid construction
1	Good photo timbre and distort accuracy, threaded for converter lenses, solid construction
1	Just the right size, cheap(er)
1	Just the aright size, cheap(er)
0	Video feature is pretty useless
0	Video have is pretty useless
0	Jams envelopes, hi cost cartridges!
0	crush envelopes, hi cost cartridges!
1	associates fax, phone, mobile, email number under one name
1	associates fax, phone, mobile, email routine under one name
1	The car seat can't be beat
1	The car posterior can't be beat
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, loads of options to play with.
1	Great picture quality, easy to employment, loads of options to run with.
1	sturdy, great price, easy to use
1	sturdy, great price, leisurely to use
1	External Flash, Manual Mode, front access
1	External Flash, manual Mode, front access
0	Color photos use lots of ink...
0	Color photos use tons of ink...
0	Eats batteries.  
0	eat batteries.  
0	Packaged Software not &amp;quot;home&amp;quot; oriented, Auto cleans too often, Minor problems with some Compaq computers
0	Packaged Software not &amp;quot;dwelling&amp;quot; oriented, Auto strip too often, Minor problems with some Compaq figurer
0	Haven't found any problems yet.
0	Haven't plant any problems yet.
0	none
0	none
1	Astounding image quality
1	Astounding paradigm quality
0	battery life, can only store 20 pics, not the best looking phone out there
0	battery life, can only memory 20 pics, not the easily looking phone out there
1	Functionality, design, quality, business use
1	Functionality, design, quality, business utilisation
1	cheap. voice dialing
1	cheap. vocalize dialing
0	Irritating the Common Users
0	Irritating the coarse Users
0	more pricey than other joggers
0	more pricy than other joggers
0	Small Trays, Few advanced features/options
0	diminished Trays, Few advanced features/options
0	cost of cartridges
0	be of cartridges
0	Paper handling could be better
0	Paper plow could be better
0	A bit heavy.  Small 8m flash card included. It could have been a 16m!
0	A bit leaden.  Small 8m flaunt card included. It could have been a 16m!
0	poor photo quality, slow
0	poor photo quality, easy
0	8MB Flash Card (Included), Semi-Weak Flash, Short Battery Life, No Zoom with Movies
0	8MB Flash Card (include), Semi-Weak Flash, Short Battery Life, No Zoom with movie
1	light, backlight, handy, sexy, graphics...
1	Light, backlight, handy, sexy, graphics...
1	High resolution, Digital video, easy to use, Multitude of settings.
1	High resolution, Digital video, comfortable to usage, Multitude of settings.
0	Slow "film" speed, and the widest angle ain't wide enough
0	Slow "film" hurrying, and the widest angle ain't extensive enough
1	Appearance, Features, Accessories
1	Appearance, Features, supplement
0	Micro SD connection, button functions, battery life
0	Micro SD connection, button function, battery life
1	Excellent detail quality, excellent overall printer, color LCD, accepts many card types
1	Excellent detail prize, excellent overall printer, color LCD, accepts many notice types
1	small size, smart design
1	small size, smart project
0	proprietary battery
0	proprietary shelling
0	The price of cartridges and paper, however, it is still cheaper than having photos developed.
0	The price of cartridges and paper, nonetheless, it is notwithstanding cheaper than having photos arise.
0	You don't get to see the printing quality
0	You don't get to experience the printing quality
1	Long zoom, manual settings, size, versatility
1	long zoom, manual settings, size, versatility
0	Poor reception range, poor battery life, permanent battery, single band
0	Poor reception cast, poor battery life, permanent battery, single ring
1	GREAT floppy format, TV out, high res, good LCD, great features
1	majuscule floppy format, TV out, high re, good LCD, great features
0	longer telephoto would be nice
0	foresightful telephoto would be nice
1	takes time to save the picture to disk, and if you are saving a MPEG on disk it takes a good 10-30 seconds to write to disk, when trying to capture multiple rapid pictures forget it, very slow.
1	issue time to salve the figure to disk, and if you are saving a MPEG on disk it takes a good 10-30 indorse to write to disk, when examine to capture multiple rapid pic forget it, very easy.
1	Extremely durable, easy to use, plenty of memory and functions.
1	Extremely durable, easy to utilize, plenty of memory and operate.
1	Blue backlight screen and keyboard, built-in games,usefully built-in tools and good sound
1	Blue backlight screen and keyboard, built-in games,usefully built-in tools and upright audio
1	Cheap, Good Quality Printing
1	Cheap, dependable Quality Printing
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	Ring tones are a little corny
0	Ring strengthen are a little corny
0	Poor tech support, Does not work with Win98
0	hapless tech support, Does not work with Win98
0	You can't always hear the phone ringing, and to purchase the vibrating battery it's $100.00.
0	You can't invariably hear the phone plangency, and to purchase the vibrating battery it's $century.00.
1	All in one, like taking your PC with you wherever you go.
1	All in one, like select your PC with you wherever you fail.
1	Cool changeable covers
1	Cool changeable treat
1	very good pictures very good price easy to use
1	very good pictures very good price easy to consumption
0	Nothing worked right
0	Nothing worked aright
0	shutter lag.
0	shutter jail.
1	Works well for 9-12 weeks;
1	ferment well for 9-12 weeks;
1	EVERYTHING ELSE
1	EVERYTHING ELSE
0	Large (length and width), lengthy to learn, bluetooth incompatibility
0	Large (length and width), lengthy to check, bluetooth incompatibility
0	NONE!
0	none!
1	Attractive, multi function phone
1	Attractive, multi occasion phone
1	It's more capable than some cheaper phones, but the durability is the major selling point.
1	It's more subject than some cheaper call, but the durability is the major selling repoint.
1	Easy to Handle and  Easy to use.
1	Easy to Handle and  Easy to utilization.
1	Inexpensive, picture quality good
1	Inexpensive, visualise quality good
0	Poorly manufactured, relatively large.
0	Poorly manufactured, relatively bombastic.
0	Glass LCD screen (but most Palms seem to have that)
0	methamphetamine LCD screen (but most Palms appear to have that)
1	Small, lightweight, long battery life
1	Small, lightweight, long battery life-time
1	Hot Features, Nikon Dependability, Ease of Use
1	Hot Features, Nikon Dependability, Ease of use
1	superb color quality, easy to change toner, separate black and color cartridges
1	superb color caliber, easy to change toner, distinguish black and color cartridges
1	User Friendly, compact, economical laser for small home office
1	User well-disposed, compact, economical laser for small home office
1	Quick. high quality
1	Quick. high prime
0	Complicated, 3-way calling, speaker phone is staticky,camera takes Horrible-fuzzy pictures.
0	complicate, 3-way calling, speaker phone is staticky,camera takes Horrible-fuzzy pic.
1	Slim, Battery (2 Days), Much better than the usual Motorolla's
1	Slim, battery (2 Days), Much just than the usual Motorolla's
0	Stout shape makes it hard to talk and listen at the same time.
0	stout shape cook it hard to talk and listen at the same time.
1	What you want in a cellphone, Nokia 3390 has it all for you.
1	What you wishing in a cell, Nokia 3390 has it all for you.
1	Great Home Printer, Image Quality on Glossy is Great!, Ease of Setup, Ink Cartridge Install is soo easy!
1	Great Home Printer, figure Quality on Glossy is Great!, repose of Setup, Ink Cartridge Install is soo well-to-do!
1	The size is really small it fits into my pocket were ever i go.
1	The size is truly small it tally into my pocket were ever i go.
0	Largish body, small LCD panel.
0	biggish body, small LCD panel.
0	not WAP internet compatible, no hi speed data transfer capability
0	not WAP internet compatible, no Hawai'i speed data conveyance capability
1	Cheap.
1	cheesy.
1	Easy To Use 
1	Easy To apply 
0	No USB connection for picture transfer to computer
0	No USB connection for picture transport to computer
1	2&amp;quot; Digital Screen which turns 180 degrees, Precise Clarity, Easy to Use
1	2&amp;quot; Digital riddle which twist 180 degrees, Precise Clarity, Easy to Use
0	No possibility of custom faceplate options & limited accessories.
0	No possibility of custom faceplate alternative & limited accessories.
0	Large flip design, no speaker phone, cheap leather case
0	Large flip design, no speaker phone, cheap leather incase
1	Good features - camera, radio
1	skilful features - camera, radio
1	lots of great features, nice image quality, long battery life
1	heap of great features, nice image prime, long battery life
0	None so far.
0	None so ALIR.
0	user interface can be hard to learn. Heavy. USB interface. SLOW compressed NEF
0	user interface can be hard to learn. Heavy. USB interface. irksome flat NEF
1	Slim Handset
1	slight Handset
1	Phone works in weak digital signal areas
1	Phone works in faint digital signal areas
0	Requires some effort to upload photos to hard drive.
0	Requires some travail to upload photos to hard drive.
1	Personalize your phone in many way
1	individualise your phone in many way
0	Not enough accessories
0	Not decent accessories
0	Poorly written directions for phone and most accessories
0	Poorly scripted directions for phone and most accessories
0	No Peripherals Available, Relatively Big
0	No Peripherals Available, comparatively Big
1	Great reception and clear sound
1	Great reception and clean sound
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	grainy pictures, no LCD, only holds 24 pics, no removable memory.
0	grainy project, no LCD, only holds 24 pic, no removable memory.
1	its colourfull
1	its colourfull
0	Scanning, Faxing, Cartridges
0	scanning, Faxing, Cartridges
0	tiny, cheap viewfinder; clunky software with no Adobe PS plugin for raw files
0	tiny, tatty viewfinder; clunky software with no Adobe phosphorus plugin for raw files
0	Viewfinder visibility in bright sunlight
0	Viewfinder visibility in undimmed sunlight
1	Good quality photos, easy to use, ideal for the beginner
1	commodity quality photos, easygoing to use, ideal for the beginner
0	still expensive
0	quieten expensive
1	faster, accufeed paper handling, USB support 
1	faster, accufeed paper handling, USB living 
0	RECEPTION!
0	receipt!
0	Heavy, bulky, sound quality, no color graphics to liven the phone up a little.
0	Heavy, bulky, sound calibre, no tinge graphics to liven the phone up a little.
1	Fast, beautiful print quality.  Can use parallel or usb.  
1	truehearted, beautiful print quality.  Can use parallel or usb.  
0	Battery usage
0	Battery use
1	compact, high quality images
1	concordat, high quality images
1	Great battery life, durability
1	dandy battery life, durability
0	Slllowwwwww, unable to really multi-task
0	Slllowwwwww, ineffective to really multi-task
0	None considering the price.
0	None take the price.
1	Nice size and very compact.
1	Nice size and very concordat.
1	cheap, good pictures
1	cheesy, good pictures
1	Sleek, Compact, Stylish, Many Features
1	Sleek, heavyset, Stylish, Many Features
0	no a/c adapter with purchase
0	no a/c adaptor with purchase
1	A little narrower than a RAZR
1	adenine little narrower than a RAZR
0	~none~
0	~none~
0	Depending on your provider, price can get pretty steep
0	count on your provider, price can get pretty steep
1	Large Screen, Reception, Software
1	Large Screen, reception, Software
1	Cheap, Durable, Fast enough for home use
1	Cheap, Durable, Fast enough for home employment
1	Better color, cheaper ink replacement
1	Better color, loud ink replacement
0	Too small, keyboard too small, buttons too small, phone doesn't reach mouth and ear.
0	Too pocket-sized, keyboard too small, buttons too pocket-sized, phone doesn't reach mouth and ear.
1	Good image quality, very inexpensive.
1	proficient image quality, very inexpensive.
0	Price, no speakerphone, no downloads, no expansion, no bluetooth
0	Price, no speakerphone, no download, no expansion, no bluetooth
1	large seats and basket, lightweight
1	large prat and basket, lightweight
1	Good image quality.  Superior movie clip mode. Compact.
1	undecomposed image quality.  Superior movie clip mode. Compact.
0	Leather case design and poor of hands free ear attachment
0	Leather fount intention and poor of hands free ear attachment
1	high quality pictures, looks, tons of features
1	high quality pictures, tone, tons of features
1	Light, small, user-friendly.
1	brightness, small, user-friendly.
1	4,096 colors Display,
1	tetrad,096 colors Display,
1	Great Concept, Simple Use, Good Storage, Comfy Fit
1	Great Concept, Simple Use, effective Storage, Comfy Fit
1	very fast printer
1	very dissipated printer
1	Good price, affordable, quality prints
1	estimable price, affordable, quality prints
0	A lot of money for nothing, not much space, bad steering
0	A deal of money for aught, not much space, bad steering
0	Not good for very low light levels
0	Not good for very first light levels
1	Compact and easy access buttons
1	bundle and easy access buttons
0	carrier straps are too small
0	carrier straps are too belittled
0	Soul Stealing side effect not listed in warnings
0	Soul Stealing side effect not list in warnings
1	Very sharp and colorful prints. Easy to use. Quiet. Fast. Price Drop of $100.
1	Very sharp and colorful prints. easygoing to use. Quiet. Fast. Price degenerate of $100.
1	take many pictures w/o having to reload anything, nice auto-focusing, reasonable price for its quality
1	admit many envision tungsten/o having to reload anything, nice auto-focusing, reasonable price for its quality
0	EVERYTHING ELSE
0	EVERYTHING ELSE
0	More than any one phone should have.
0	More than any one earphone should have.
0	A little slow, cant save faxes to memory.
0	A little boring, cant save faxes to memory.
0	need a printer to get pictures right away
0	need a printer to get pictures flop away
1	Multifunction color copier/scanner/fax/printer
1	Multifunction emblazon copier/scanner/fax/printer
0	If you feed all different kinds of paper like I do, it has trouble feeding.
0	If you feast all different kinds of paper like I do, it has hassle course.
1	NOT ONE
1	NOT unitary
0	Still not a good deal
0	Still not a good hand
0	DOA, chewed paper, incredibly cheap construction, very worrisome, fragile, loud.
0	DOA, manducate paper, implausibly cheap construction, very worrisome, fragile, loud.
1	Easy to take great pictures right out of the box, and more to learn later
1	Easy to carry outstanding pictures right out of the box, and more to check later
0	takes some experimenting with features
0	deal some experimenting with features
0	Needs a parking break; strap between the legs is too long (can be remedied); retracted canopy brushes against an older childs head.
0	motivation a parking bankrupt; strap between the legs is too farseeing (can be remedied); retracted canopy brushes against an Old childs head.
0	Scanner could only handle simple sheet.Printhead poor quality and terrible price.
0	Scanner could only handle simple sheet.Printhead poor lineament and frightful price.
1	Low up front cost
1	Low up face cost
1	High quality glass lens system, aluminum body, many image compression options
1	High prime glass lens system, aluminum body, many image concretion options
1	large letter display
1	large letter expose
0	the name isn't HP
0	the discover isn't HP
1	You don't have to be plugged into the computer to take pictures
1	You don't have to be punch into the reckoner to take pictures
1	4.3 Optics almost unobtainable elsewhere
1	4.3 oculus almost unobtainable elsewhere
1	TFT Color Display, Solid Construction, Built in Camera w/flash, Ringers
1	TFT Color Display, strong Construction, Built in Camera w/newsbreak, Ringers
0	Lower picture quality than the more expensive cameras
0	gloomy picture quality than the more expensive cameras
0	No information LCD on the top, instruction manual on a CD, No rechargeable batteries/charger included.
0	No information LCD on the peak, didactics manual on a CD, No rechargeable bombardment/charger included.
1	USB connectivity, ease of use, quality of prints
1	USB connectivity, ease of purpose, quality of prints
0	only can take 12 pictures in super hi-quality mode
0	only can take 12 photograph in super hi-quality mode
0	Constantly jams even after applying fix from HP
0	Constantly pile even after applying fix from HP
1	Very small and light
1	Very small and faint
1	Bright 2" LCD viewfinder, controls easy to use, decent manual control, 
1	Bright 2" LCD viewfinder, controls easy to use, enough manual verify, 
0	Battery Life
0	Battery liveliness
1	Durable, can be dropped.&#13;&#10;Awesome speaker, great sound.&#13;&#10;Good reception.&#13;&#10;Good button placement.
1	Durable, can be dropped.&#13;&#10;Awesome talker, dandy well-grounded.&#13;&#10;Good reception.&#13;&#10;Good button placement.
1	Very Stylish, Great Screen, Great Reception
1	Very Stylish, bang-up Screen, Great Reception
1	Great looks, solid overall build quality
1	Great smell, solid overall build quality
1	Very easy to use.  I liked the multiple settings it offers.
1	Very easy to usage.  iodine liked the multiple settings it offers.
0	Scratches show on silver case, Menu listing is not logical.
0	loot show on flatware case, Menu listing is not logical.
0	Unreliable, buttons hard to feel
0	Unreliable, buttons laborious to feel
0	none
0	none
1	Best camera in all of their features.
1	scoop camera in all of their features.
1	Beautiful, sharp pictures, really easy to use yet versatile!
1	beautiful, sharp pictures, really easy to use yet versatile!
1	Cheap, small, lots of features.
1	Cheap, small, lots of have.
0	White balance for rooms with warm lighting not very good, somewhat questionable build quality.
0	White poise for rooms with warm perch not very good, somewhat questionable build quality.
0	No re-chargable batteries or charger supplied in Australia., Only a 16mb card supplied 
0	no re-chargable batteries or charger supply in Australia., Only a 16mb card supplied 
0	Quality suffers.  Mp3 control is basic, and photo/video touch ups are needed for each photo.
0	select support.  Mp3 control is basic, and photo/video touch ups are needed for each photograph.
1	Easy joystick navigation, sleek casing, well-designed features
1	Easy joystick navigation, streamlined casing, well-designed features
0	None come to mind.
0	None ejaculate to mind.
0	- Needs steady hands 
0	- Needs steady pass 
0	Build quality poor.  No optical zoom.  Microphone on top of camera where your finger rests.
0	physique quality poor.  No optical zoom.  Microphone on crown of camera where your finger breathe.
0	Lousy print feed causes margins to skew!
0	Lousy print feed make margins to skew!
1	Speedy Printing, easy to use, price
1	Speedy Printing, comfortable to use, price
1	great photos, good price
1	great photos, proficient price
0	A smidge large, slightly spotty button backlighting, menus not as slick as Samsung's
0	A iota large, slenderly spotty button backlighting, menus not as slick as Samsung's
0	Ring tones are plenty loud enough but sound distorted on the highest setting
0	Ring quality are plenty loud enough but sound garble on the highest setting
1	Excellent resolution, good speed, great features
1	Excellent resolution, well speed, great features
1	NONE
1	none
0	OK camera, Gets hot!  A little loud
0	OK camera, Gets hot!  amp little loud
1	Cheap
1	loud
1	Point and shoot, easy to use, high quality and sharp pictures, real time LCD update
1	orient and shoot, easy to use, high select and sharp pictures, existent time LCD update
1	Good print quality, good photo reproduction, and good price 
1	salutary print quality, good photo reproduction, and good price 
1	Size, price, voice dialing
1	Size, toll, voice dialing
0	None Significant
0	None meaning
0	Once Camera is turned off you have to reset parameters.
0	erstwhile Camera is flex off you have to reset parameters.
1	Great as a phone. Excellent sound, clarity, signal strength, volume. No dropouts.
1	enceinte as a phone. Excellent sound, uncloudedness, signal strength, volume. No dropouts.
1	Highly Detailed Prints
1	Highly elaborated Prints
1	Great deal; under priced; small/durable; good size LCD
1	Great deal; under priced; humble/durable; good size LCD
1	Easy, inexpensive, no polka-dots
1	wanton, inexpensive, no polka-dots
1	Quality, Features, Price
1	Quality, lineament, Price
0	Can't Cure Red-Eye
0	Can't remedy Red-Eye
1	Excellent design, easy to use, great picture quality
1	Excellent design, easy to employment, great picture quality
1	Inexpensive, fast, and reliable
1	cheap, fast, and reliable
0	Not always user-friendly, some problems with buttons not working. Lousy reception!!
0	Not always user-friendly, some problems with clitoris not mold. Lousy reception!!
0	a little slower than other hp printers- but no snail
0	a petty dim than other hp printers- but no snail
0	LCD difficult to use in sunlight, confusing interface, sucks batteries dry very quickly, minor design flaws
0	LCD difficult to usance in sunlight, confusing interface, imbibe batteries dry very quickly, nipper design flaws
0	Needs a Four-Directional Pad, No Rechargeable Batteries or Camera Case, Lacks Non-Lossy Image Compression
0	involve a Four-Directional launchpad, No Rechargeable Batteries or Camera Case, Lacks Non-Lossy Image Compression
1	USB, Picture Quality, ease of use, Software Bundle
1	USB, show Quality, ease of use, Software Bundle
0	Poor video
0	inadequate video
0	flash, theme options
0	brassy, theme options
1	Great reception and battery life, GET IT NOW, easy menu style
1	heavy reception and battery life, GET IT instantly, easy menu style
1	Multiple Uses (scanner, printer &amp; copy machine)
1	Multiple employ (scanner, printer &amp; copy machine)
1	converts to carraige
1	change to carraige
1	new age photography
1	new years photography
0	No Caller Groups
0	nobelium Caller Groups
1	High-quality, easy to use, fun.
1	High-quality, slowly to use, fun.
1	Loud Speaker, The Clear button is handy,
1	Loud Speaker, The top button is handy,
0	...None, if you consider what it was  designed for.
0	...None, if you debate what it was  designed for.
1	Easy to install, has performed flawlessly for 3 + years now.
1	well-off to install, has performed flawlessly for ternion + years now.
1	Voice recognition, hardware, &quot;PIM&quot; features
1	Voice recognition, hardware, &quot;PIM&quot; sport
0	No AC power supply, 8MB CF (you will NEED more space) small LCD screen.
0	No AC power supply, 8MB CF (you will NEED more quad) small LCD shield.
1	GREAT, PRINTS CLEARLY
1	capital, PRINTS CLEARLY
1	powerful flash, long lasting battery, crystal clear and sharp pictures. 
1	hefty flashy, long lasting battery, crystal clear and sharp pictures. 
1	battery life, digit buttons, loud rings, tri-mode,
1	battery life, digit buttons, garish rings, tri-mode,
0	Price, Size, and lack of real value in CD image storage strategy. 
0	Price, Size, and lack of real respect in CD image storage scheme. 
1	Great inexpensive digital camera
1	bully inexpensive digital camera
0	Echoing,no Internet capabilities
0	resound,no Internet capabilities
1	Good print quality
1	well print quality
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	compact size &amp; settings galore
0	compress size &amp; settings galore
0	Price
0	terms
1	Ease of use, user friendly, light weight.
1	Ease of employ, user friendly, light weight.
1	2.1 mega pixel, Auto flash with some extra flash features,TV out,USB,3X zoom
1	2.1 mega pixel, machine scud with some extra dash features,TV out,USB,3X zoom
1	It has a data port and everything I could ever need.
1	It has a data larboard and everything I could ever demand.
0	Uses lots of ink, paper jams.
0	Uses fate of ink, paper jams.
1	life like printing colors
1	life like printing colourise
0	No optical viewfinder, no video-out; red eye issues
0	No optical viewfinder, no video-out; ruby eye issues
0	No Bluetooth, occasional email spam, marginal camera, potentially fragile, very few games available.
0	No Bluetooth, occasional email spam, marginal camera, potentially thin, very few stake available.
0	Hard to master how to unlock and fold.  Not good for newborns.
0	heavy to master how to unlock and bend.  Not good for newborns.
1	cost , reliability, print quality
1	cost , reliability, print choice
1	Polyphonic sound, camera, SIM card, speakerphone, outside display, good volume, long battery life, great price!!
1	Polyphonic healthy, camera, SIM poster, speakerphone, remote display, good volume, long battery life, great price!!
0	Bad sound, cuts in and out, noone can hear you.
0	badness legal, cuts in and out, noone can hear you.
1	Paper feed, text and image quality are fine, it gets things done generally
1	Paper feed, text and simulacrum quality are fine, it gets things set generally
0	High Resolution so must by biggest and most expensive disk to hold pictures.
0	High Resolution so must by biggest and most expensive disc to hold painting.
0	LCD screen destroys batteries. Slow picture transfer to computer by means of serial port.
0	LCD screen destroys batteries. Slow ikon transfer to computer by means of successive port.
1	Amazing image quality, Movies w/sound, Small - Easy to carry, Easy to use
1	pose image quality, Movies w/sound, Small - slowly to carry, Easy to use
0	Dirt cheap quality.
0	Dirt trashy quality.
0	unit size, floppies take up some space
0	unit size, floppies yield up some space
0	Documentation on CDROM, serial port, useless for action photography, high battery drain.
0	Documentation on CDROM, serial port, useless for action photography, gamey barrage drain.
0	poor battery life,no download ringtones, games, flimsy flip part
0	piteous battery life,no download ringtones, games, onionskin flip part
1	Good for printing documents up to 30 pages
1	well for printing documents up to 30 pages
0	A little bulky, uses batteries quickly, takes several seconds to turn on/off
0	A little bulky, uses batteries chop-chop, takes several seconds to bout on/off
0	TOO SLOW..NOT GO AS SECOND INSTALLATION
0	TOO behind..NOT GO AS SECOND INSTALLATION
0	Fairly large, canon paper is expensive
0	passably large, canon paper is expensive
1	Photo quality excellent. Built in card readers. Can print without a PC.
1	Photo quality excellent. Built in card readers. Can impress without a microcomputer.
1	Size, style, customization.
1	Size, title, customization.
1	Voice identification, 32 styles of rings, and EVERYTHING else about it.
1	vox identification, xxxii styles of rings, and EVERYTHING else about it.
1	Simple to use, takes great pictures, uses 3 1/2&amp;quot; floppy disks
1	Simple to use, pack great pictures, uses III 1/2&amp;quot; floppy disks
1	looks, works, and feels like a standard point &amp;amp; shoot
1	front, works, and feels corresponding a standard point &amp;amp; shoot
1	Stylish and sexy.  Great list of features. Beautiful metal casing.
1	Stylish and sexy.  capital list of features. beautiful metal casing.
0	Fragile, Very Fragile.
0	slight, Very Fragile.
1	Keyboard, backlight.
1	keyboard, backlight.
1	Beautiful, light weight, easy to use, optional camera, clarity, did I mention it's beautiful?
1	Beautiful, light weight, gentle to use, optional camera, clearness, did I mention it's beautiful?
1	It's a Canon, great print quality, separate ink replacement tanks, easy to set up
1	It's a Canon, dandy print quality, separate ink replacement tanks, easy to localise up
1	Sleek body, huge LCD screen, okay battery life
1	Sleek personify, huge LCD screen, okay battery life
0	Slow Download time, No ZOOM or MACRO
0	Slow Download time, No zoom or MACRO
0	Very poor battery life
0	Very poor battery lifetime
0	Size
0	size
0	the viewfinder can be hard to use in direct sunlight
0	the viewfinder can be unvoiced to use in straight sunlight
1	affordable
1	low-priced
0	None really other than the 8M Smartmedia card shipped with camera a little small.
0	None actually other than the 8M Smartmedia card shipped with camera a short small.
0	Image distortions
0	trope distortions
1	Nice looking phone
1	dainty looking phone
1	Small, light, easy to use, simple
1	Small, light, easy to employment, simple
0	takes awhile to get use to the flat key pad, but not to long
0	demand awhile to start use to the flat key pad, but not to long
1	Easy to use, comes with a floppy drive, durable, and excellent battery life
1	Easy to utilization, get with a floppy drive, durable, and excellent battery life
1	An overall good company.
1	An overall serious company.
0	Read-eye when using flash, drains batteries fast.
0	Read-eye when using shoot, drains batteries fast.
0	None
0	none
0	Features galore, hard to use, heavy, very pricey
0	Features galore, severely to use, heavy, very pricey
0	Slow, hard to feed paper
0	Slow, concentrated to feed paper
0	Lockups, poor plastic, terrible warranty service
0	Lockups, poor plastic, tremendous warranty service
0	Essentially no significant cons.
0	Essentially no significant short-change.
0	Camera little to slow causing blurry subjects. Earbud fall out. No camera lens cover
0	Camera footling to slow causing blurry subjects. Earbud fall out. No camera lens traverse
0	Somewhat slow auto-focusing and recharge times
0	Somewhat dim auto-focusing and recharge times
0	might not find it
0	mightiness not find it
1	Simple to use, feels solid, very durable.
1	Simple to employment, feels solid, very durable.
0	Ink cartridges don't last long enough and they are expensive. $30 each, black and color!
0	Ink cartridges don't last-place long decent and they are expensive. $30 each, grim and color!
1	Easy of use.  Floppies pop in, out and into computer!
1	Easy of function.  Floppies protrude in, out and into computer!
0	can't print, lousy support, bad communications, never again
0	can't print, lousy brook, bad communications, never again
1	Super quiet, prints out sharp photos.
1	tiptop quiet, prints out sharp photos.
1	Great pictures.  
1	bully pictures.  
1	User friendly instructions.  Great for a 1st time user of digital cameras.
1	user friendly pedagogy.  Great for a 1st time user of digital cameras.
0	Price.
0	price.
0	Difficulty in recognizing my Olympus digital camera for a direct download.
0	difficultness in recognizing my Olympus digital camera for a channelise download.
1	price
1	terms
1	Compact, Reliable, Playback monitor, clear crisp pictures
1	Compact, Reliable, Playback monitor, brighten crisp pictures
0	heavy, expensive
0	sound, expensive
1	reception, etc. Everything but the antenna.
1	reception, etc. Everything but the feeler.
0	Takes a little while to get the hang of putting together
0	lease a little while to contract the hang of putting together
1	Small, inexpensive, loaded with features, easy to use, good quality photos.
1	Small, inexpensive, loaded with features, easy to habituate, good lineament photos.
1	cheap and small
1	tinny and small
1	Holds 80 lbs., adjustable handle, rubber wheels swivel and lock
1	defend 80 lbs., adjustable handle, rubber wheels swivel and operate
1	Charges Quickly, Small, and Easy to Use
1	Charges Quickly, lowly, and Easy to Use
0	no T9 word bank
0	no T9 formulate bank
0	feels a little flimsy -- be careful with it
0	feels a little tenuous -- be careful with it
0	never worked correctly; Cannon will not replace with new printer
0	never knead correctly; Cannon will not supersede with new printer
1	Display, good camera, battery life
1	Display, good camera, battery spirit
0	Limited options, flimsy battery door, eats batteries
0	restrict options, flimsy battery door, eats batteries
1	Quick and dirty, good number of features for the $$.
1	immediate and dirty, good number of features for the $$.
0	That people dont pay attention to the road when they are using cell phones
0	That people dont pay aid to the road when they are using cell telephone
1	small, lightweight, solid, fast, and versatile
1	humble, lightweight, solid, fast, and versatile
1	innovative design
1	innovational design
0	Echoing is terrible! Other party often reports they cannot hear me clearly.
0	Echoing is fearsome! Other party often reports they cannot hear me understandably.
0	Bad power management
0	Bad force management
0	cost
0	be
0	I haven't found any yet.
0	I haven't feel any yet.
1	Quality, Price, Compatibility
1	prize, Price, Compatibility
0	Too expensive for what it is (i710 phone, and service).
0	Too expensive for what it is (i710 call, and overhaul).
1	Holds about 80 pics in internal memory on lowest setting.
1	keep about 80 pics in internal memory on lowest lay.
0	Black and white display; speakerphone is hard to hear
0	Black and flannel display; speakerphone is hard to hear
1	Front LCD, side buttons, clarity
1	Front LCD, side release, clarity
0	None
0	none
1	Battery life, durability, good photo quality for the year it was made, T9 text messaging
1	Battery aliveness, durability, good photo calibre for the year it was realize, T9 text messaging
0	Haven't discovered any as of yet
0	Haven't unwrap any as of yet
1	Tough and Rugged.
1	punk and Rugged.
1	Thin and sleek, Cool color nice features
1	Thin and sleek, Cool color overnice features
0	Drop calls and it only works in certain areas. It's not both digital and analog.
0	drop calls and it only influence in certain areas. It's not both digital and analogue.
0	Clarity of calls not always very good; antenna doesn't alleviate static
0	Clarity of hollo not always very good; antenna doesn't alleviate electrostatic
1	I loved all 3 I had in the first year
1	I loved all iii I had in the start year
1	Speaker volume, &amp; Durability
1	loudspeaker volume, &amp; Durability
0	eats batteries.
0	grub batteries.
1	Lightweight, very manoeuvrable, tough, no rust after two years!
1	Lightweight, very manoeuvrable, roughneck, no rust after two years!
1	Well organized  buttons  places,good signal good sound. big screen and easy to read
1	well organized  buttons  shoes,good signal good sound. big screen and easy to read
1	Nice looking Phone
1	Nice seem Phone
1	Prints are beautiful with Canon Photo Paper Pro.
1	Prints are beautiful with Canon photograph Paper Pro.
0	Uses many batteries if you utilize the display option, has no zoom capabilities.
0	expend many batteries if you utilize the display option, has no zoom potentiality.
0	Bulky, low-resolution, expensive
0	bulky, low-resolution, expensive
1	Excellent pics, Easy to use.
1	Excellent photograph, Easy to use.
0	Maybe size....
0	mayhap size....
0	Battery life and durability.
0	Battery sprightliness and durability.
1	Does it all, fast, quality output, easy to use
1	Does it all, fast, tone output, easy to use
1	Small size and great features.
1	little size and great features.
1	Small and light, blue backlighting.
1	Small and light, juicy backlighting.
0	No on/off button. No set up instructions or printed manual.
0	No on/off button. No coiffure up direction or printed manual.
1	Light, small, battery, fast, IR, WinCE drivers...
1	Light, small, barrage, fast, IR, WinCE drivers...
0	No vibrating ringer, larger then 3360, no changable faceplates
0	No vibrating ringer, magnanimous then 3360, no changable faceplates
0	Battery life maybe short at times, software problems, can't fix phone at local  Verizon store
0	Battery life maybe forgetful at multiplication, software problem, can't fix phone at local  Verizon store
1	most features, high tech, great phone too
1	most features, high tech, bang-up phone too
0	A little pricey compared to dot matrix options
0	A fiddling pricey compared to dot matrix options
0	Verizon Disabled Features
0	Verizon invalid Features
0	Control paddle a little fiddly
0	Control paddle a footling fiddly
0	None
0	none
1	small, compact convenient
1	small, thickset convenient
1	Often comes free when you sign up for phone service, as it did for me.
1	oftentimes come destitute when you sign up for phone service, as it did for me.
1	Size, Features, Color Screen, Ease of Use, Speaker, Embedded Ringtones...
1	Size, Features, Color Screen, Ease of role, Speaker, implant Ringtones...
1	Price
1	terms
0	Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
0	Poor reception, tough screen, horrible battery life.
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, verbaliser phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery biography, MP3 support
1	Cachet, cute, voice navigation works well.
1	Cachet, cute, voice navigation solve well.
1	Many features, easy to use, takes great pics. 8x Optical zoom : 32 digital
1	many features, easy to exercise, takes great pics. 8x Optical zoom : 32 digital
0	2-3 Second delay from the time you press the button until the picture is actually snapped
0	2-3 Second delay from the time you compact the button until the film is actually flick
0	Buttons are too small
0	Buttons are too minor
0	missed calls, weak signals
0	missed squall, weak signals
0	photo printing has detectable dots, extra software doesn't work on Macintosh
0	photo printing has detectable dots, supernumerary software doesn't lick on Macintosh
1	inexpensive, indivual ink tanks, fast
1	inexpensive, indivual ink tanks, dissolute
1	Small and easy to carry.
1	Small and easy to transmit.
1	Cheap, compact, fast printing, good quality, easy to set up, relatively quiet
1	Cheap, thickset, fast printing, good quality, loose to set up, relatively quiet
0	heats up, less than stellar battery life, breaks up a lot
0	heats up, less than stellar battery spirit, intermission up a lot
0	Photos have poor contrast, saturation and brightness,, Very Noisy Paper Feed
0	Photos have pitiable contrast, saturation and brightness,, Very Noisy Paper bung
0	Medium battery life, Cord is sometimes difficult to unplug.
0	metier battery life, Cord is sometimes difficult to unplug.
1	Cheap and runs economically.
1	loud and runs economically.
0	Sound quality and phone quality problems.
0	legal quality and phone quality problems.
0	pricey, too small, priced superior; feels inferior
0	pricey, too small, priced superior; finger inferior
0	built horribly, and they know it!!!!
0	built horribly, and they bang it!!!!
0	hard to delet pics
0	gruelling to delet pics
0	Verizon Disabled Features
0	Verizon Disabled boast
1	Lots of great features
1	muckle of great features
1	3X optical Zoom, 4X digital ZOom
1	3X optical Zoom, 4X digital whizz
0	not made for people over 6'2&amp;quot;
0	not made for masses over 6'2&amp;quot;
0	slow in color, color quality is incomparable to HP
0	tiresome in color, color quality is incomparable to HP
0	Takes up TONS of trunk space
0	Takes up TONS of bole space
1	Cheap and LCD Viewfinder
1	tawdry and LCD Viewfinder
1	Excellent clarity, great extra features
1	Excellent clarity, groovy extra features
1	Size & Weight, Battery Life, cool features
1	sizing & Weight, Battery Life, cool features
0	A little bulky for a phone; no memory slots
0	A footling bulky for a phone; no memory slots
0	maybe too small for some people's hands, Don't drop this phone!!
0	maybe too small for some people's mitt, Don't miss this phone!!
0	Size
0	sizing
1	Speed, quality, ease of use
1	speed, quality, ease of use
0	jerky lcd display, poor serial interface/software
0	jerky lcd display, misfortunate serial interface/software
1	small, great reception, SPEAKERPHONE!
1	lowly, great reception, SPEAKERPHONE!
1	mp3 player, bluetooth, reception
1	mp3 instrumentalist, bluetooth, reception
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
0	freezing menu, ringer master on external phone, failed calls, sucks over all
1	features, size
1	have, size
0	Uses a lot of batteries
0	apply a lot of batteries
1	color screen   downloadable games   chageable faceplate
1	color screen   downloadable plot   chageable faceplate
0	battery life is a little short...
0	battery life is a little unretentive...
0	Lack of durability of case finish
0	Lack of durability of encase finish
0	Battery Usage
0	Battery utilization
0	Vibration, noise
0	shakiness, noise
1	Weight, Size
1	burden, Size
1	Amazing quality, good price, large format
1	Amazing quality, expert price, large format
1	Great inexpensive printer that delivers unexpectedly good quality print
1	Great inexpensive printer that delivers unexpectedly good select print
0	(minor) no attachment for lens cap
0	(minor) no fastening for lens cap
0	Charger Issues, Difficulty of Opening, Talk Time
0	Charger Issues, Difficulty of Opening, Talk clock
0	poor image quality
0	pitiful image quality
0	Relatively Bulky
0	relatively Bulky
0	Expensive
0	expensive
0	not a flip phone, could withstand more of a beating, try a motorola?
0	not a flip earpiece, could withstand more of a tucker, try a motorola?
0	no AF Illuminator, undersized CF card
0	no AF Illuminator, undersized cf. card
0	The speed could be better.
0	The speed could be full.
1	looks, speed, fold up hoody-thing
1	appear, speed, fold up hoody-thing
1	Great price for great quality!
1	Great price for great select!
0	none
0	none
0	Can't make calls, can't keep a call on the phone...
0	Can't defecate vociferation, can't keep a call on the phone...
0	Battery life &amp; HP Support
0	Battery life &amp; HP supporting
0	No USB sync, backlight poor
0	No USB sync, backlight pitiful
1	Inexpensive, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, easy to purpose
1	Compact Ease-of-use Standard AA batteries
1	Compact Ease-of-use Standard aa batteries
0	not good for indoor pics, no zoom or lense adjustments
0	not good for indoor movie, no zoom or lense accommodation
0	Not a very good printer when printing photos
0	Not a very safe printer when printing photos
1	can pull in a signal where others can't.
1	can pluck in a signal where others can't.
1	Easy to use, even with little knowledge of digital cameras; clear, quality pictures
1	Easy to use, even with little knowledge of digital cameras; exonerate, select pictures
1	Umm... the little colored lights flashing on the front LCD?
1	Umm... the petty colorful lights flashing on the front LCD?
0	Double sided printing gets a bit dirty with toner. 8mb memory is not expandable. 
0	Double sided printing engender a bit unsportsmanlike with toner. 8mb memory is not expandable. 
1	Good cheap printer for b/w only
1	Good cheap pressman for b/w only
1	Very, very solid.  Quite light and small.  Looks sort of funky.
1	Very, very unanimous.  Quite lightly and small.  Looks sort of funky.
1	Convenient, profiles, good charger
1	Convenient, profiles, beneficial charger
0	no optical zoom, one star pics come out poorly
0	no optical zoom, ace star pics come out poorly
1	Comfortable feel, Stylish design, World Phone, Awesome ringtones
1	Comfortable feel, Stylish design, man Phone, Awesome ringtones
1	durable, lightweight, holds a charge all day
1	durable, lightweight, declare a charge all day
1	Very cheap cost, excellent print quality, toner carts are inexpensive
1	Very tawdry cost, excellent print quality, toner hale are inexpensive
1	Just plain COOL
1	Just complain COOL
0	Buggy Bluetooth implementation, too easy to power off while in pocket
0	balmy Bluetooth implementation, too easy to tycoon off while in pocket
0	low battery life
0	low-pitched battery life
0	Not the top printer in the range
0	Not the meridian printer in the range
0	Charger, Charging, Battery, Frustrating to use
0	Charger, point, Battery, Frustrating to use
0	menus, lens extension/retraction time
0	menus, lens annex/retraction time
1	Cheap
1	gimcrack
1	Great Photos
1	enceinte Photos
0	Depletes batteries quickly.
0	Depletes batteries cursorily.
1	Battery life, build quality, small size
1	Battery life, build quality, small sizing
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	no analog mode, debile vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, faint camera
1	Smaller phone with all the features
1	little phone with all the features
1	Photo quality color, can monitor ink levels
1	Photo quality color, can monitor ink tier
1	Easy user interface, great shot quality, flash options, USB interface, records video.
1	Easy user interface, great pullulate quality, flash options, USB interface, tape video.
1	Great screen and keyboard; Advanced, easy-to-use applications
1	peachy screen and keyboard; Advanced, easy-to-use applications
0	The imaging is a shade on the light side.
0	The imaging is a shade on the illumine side.
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
1	Bluetooth, big color screen and ample memory
1	Very durable, great add-ons
1	Very durable, big add-ons
1	easy to use, sleek, cheap
1	easy to use, satiny, cheap
0	Smallish display, a little bulky.
0	Smallish display, a petty bulky.
1	Small, stylish, tons of features
1	Small, stylish, tons of characteristic
0	USB problems, Problems powering up, didn't operate properly
0	USB problems, problem powering up, didn't operate properly
0	Mediocre low light/high speed performance
0	Mediocre low lightly/high speed performance
1	Clear 4 megapixel shots, 2 minute movies
1	Clear 4 megapixel shots, 2 infinitesimal movies
0	Where's the clock
0	Where's the time
0	Small LCD screen, long time between pictures
0	Small LCD screen, yearn time between pictures
1	Writes directly to a CD
1	Writes forthwith to a CD
1	It's a Nikon, great colors most of the time. Solid
1	It's a Nikon, great discolor most of the time. strong
0	Cheap
0	sleazy
0	none
0	none
1	great price
1	bully price
1	Excellent Quality and Extremely Easy to Use
1	Excellent Quality and Extremely Easy to apply
0	short battery life
0	short barrage life
0	Difficult to steer &amp;amp; fold, heavy
0	Difficult to steer &amp;amp; fold, ponderous
1	Fast, high quality color printing.
1	Fast, high quality color print.
1	High quality, compact size, easy to maintain
1	High quality, summary size, easy to maintain
1	Good scan speed, and scan quality.  Easy to use, affordable, small footprint.
1	upright scan fastness, and scan quality.  Easy to use, affordable, small footprint.
1	Stylish, but so are high heels.
1	Stylish, but so are highschool heels.
1	Small size, great features, and awesome pictures
1	Small size, great features, and awe-inspiring pictures
0	Fails to charge, silences itself randomly, lousy ringtones, too big
0	Fails to care, silences itself randomly, lousy ringtones, too swelled
0	External flash provisions not good.
0	External tatty provisions not good.
1	good programs, and makes great pictures, $50 dollar rebate
1	good programs, and earn great pictures, $50 dollar rebate
0	size
0	sizing
0	battery cost a little high
0	battery cost a footling high
1	A MACHINE YOU'LL FALL IN LOVE WITH
1	A MACHINE YOU'LL FALL IN know WITH
0	Expensive Ink Tanks.  Complicated but powerful management software.
0	Expensive Ink Tanks.  rarify but powerful management software.
1	Lightweight, durable, fun
1	Lightweight, long-wearing, fun
1	Looks cool, ease of use, awesome front panel view, flip, comfortable, speakerphone
1	Looks assuredness, ease of usance, awesome front panel view, flip, comfortable, speakerphone
0	Battery Life &amp; No Date option
0	Battery life &amp; No Date option
1	quite small and thin
1	quite small and reduce
0	USB issues when used with ME.
0	USB payoff when used with ME.
1	This a very compact phone that fits your face beautifully.  Great features.
1	This a very compact phone that go your grimace beautifully.  Great features.
0	none
0	none
0	none
0	none
1	Color screen, looks cool, menu system, small.
1	distort screen, looks cool, menu system, small.
0	Noisy and sluggish
0	Noisy and soggy
0	Some quirks to the low-battery indication.  
0	roughly quirks to the low-battery indication.  
0	Lens cover/spring works funny
0	Lens cover/spring run funny
1	nice quality
1	nice timbre
0	Battery life
0	Battery biography
0	Battery life; overall sound; upgradability
0	Battery liveliness; overall sound; upgradability
1	Very inexpensive, meets my needs.
1	Very inexpensive, meets my demand.
0	Questionable durability.
0	Questionable strength.
1	excellent color and black print quality, compact, moderately priced
1	excellent color and blackness print quality, compact, moderately priced
1	Small, lightweight, but sturdy.  Price.
1	Small, lightweight, but tough.  Price.
1	Great contruction and superb results
1	Great contruction and superb lead
1	Very fast / high quality lens, good picture quality, accepts standard AA batteries
1	Very flying / high quality lens, good picture quality, accepts stock AA batteries
0	No travel charger - just docking station, bad memory management
0	No travel charger - just docking station, unfit memory management
1	Usually takes a decent picture without you having to think too much 
1	Usually yield a decent pic without you having to think too much 
1	I love this phone and the software that comes loaded.  It is small, lightweight, durable.
1	iodine bonk this phone and the software that fare loaded.  It is small, lightweight, durable.
1	Lightweight, convenient
1	jackanapes, convenient
1	SEE ABOVE
1	fancy ABOVE
1	best price, simple
1	full price, simple
1	Very strong design, ease of use, clear display.
1	Very strong design, ease of employ, clear display.
1	image quality, value,ease of use
1	persona quality, value,ease of use
1	6X Zoom, Incredibly Sharp Detail
1	6X whizz, Incredibly Sharp Detail
0	Flimsy, easily broken, head gets misaligned often
0	Flimsy, easily broken, head amaze misaligned often
0	Defective case makes creaking noises
0	Defective case makes creaking dissonance
1	Easy to use and absolutely wonderful quality shots
1	Easy to use and absolutely wonderful quality stab
1	Nice photos. Good mix of features. 
1	Nice photos. safe mix of features. 
1	Solid, nice display, good sound, doesn't feel flimsy.
1	Solid, nice display, just sound, doesn't feel flimsy.
1	stylish
1	fashionable
0	Buggy OS, Large and Bulky, Keypad takes some getting used to
0	wacky OS, Large and Bulky, Keypad takes some experience used to
1	loaded with functions, voice ringer and battery life
1	loaded with routine, voice ringer and battery life
0	reception problems
0	reception problem
1	Excellent features, very durable, good clarity
1	Excellent features, very durable, dear clarity
0	Poor built-in flash. Little flexibility in settings. Stability in question.
0	Poor built-in trashy. Little flexibleness in settings. Stability in question.
1	Easy to maneuver
1	Easy to guide
1	Price, Output, Value. All rolled into one!
1	Price, Output, respect. All rolled into one!
1	Mac &amp;amp; Windows Compatibility
1	Mac &amp;A; Windows Compatibility
1	Small, great Reception and sound quality, comfortable to use, can sync contacts
1	Small, great Reception and sound character, comfortable to utilisation, can sync contacts
1	Excellent Color
1	Excellent gloss
1	Great for any project. bright and clear
1	Great for any project. bright and readable
0	Poor Voice dialing&#13;&#10;Doesn't sync.&#13;&#10;Poor microbrowser&#13;&#10;Poor support
0	hapless vox dialing&#13;&#10;Doesn't sync.&#13;&#10;Poor microbrowser&#13;&#10;Poor tolerate
0	None
0	none
0	Everything else
0	Everything else
0	Battery life; auto powers off if no signal;not very full featured
0	Battery living; auto powers off if no signal;not very broad featured
0	Slow, Big, Low Quality prints
0	wearisome, Big, Low Quality prints
1	Great photo quality
1	Great photo timber
1	small, pretty, loads of features and accessories
1	small, pretty, loads of features and accessary
0	Obtrusive Antenna, Small buttons,
0	Obtrusive Antenna, Small push,
0	waist belt difficult to unfasten
0	waist whang difficult to unfasten
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	prominent size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
1	Amazing resolution
1	Amazing result
0	horrible reception, weird audio problems, expensive.
0	horrible reception, unearthly audio problems, expensive.
0	Lack of flash,  Bad for indoors
0	Lack of shoot,  Bad for indoors
0	Pain in the Tush to type in names
0	Pain in the Tush to type in figure
1	Easy to use....good lux ISO380.
1	Easy to use....practiced lux ISO380.
1	Text message, up to 2 hours and 40 minutes talk time
1	Text substance, up to 2 hours and XL minutes talk time
0	Everything else!!!
0	Everything else!!!
1	Amazing quality
1	nonplus quality
1	Easy set-up, ease of use, excellent print quality, ease of maintenance
1	Easy set-up, ease of consumption, excellent print quality, rest of maintenance
1	Easy usb connection
1	easily usb connection
1	Camera and video functions
1	Camera and telecasting functions
1	Fast, Individually Ink Cartridges,, Durabrite Long Life Inks.
1	truehearted, Individually Ink Cartridges,, Durabrite Long Life Inks.
1	Definetly worthwhile for the price
1	Definetly worthwhile for the terms
1	Super light and compact.  Can be pushed when folded.
1	Super light and compact.  tin be pushed when folded.
1	Ultimate Camera For Anywhere, Anytime, 
1	Ultimate Camera For anywhere, Anytime, 
1	Long-life InfoLithium battery, Audio recording, MPEG movie mode 
1	Long-life InfoLithium battery, Audio read, MPEG movie mode 
1	Great Value, Excellent print quality
1	groovy Value, Excellent print quality
0	None so far.
0	none so far.
1	Good, cheap, decent pictures, easy to use
1	Good, cheap, decent pictures, easy to apply
1	Features, price, relative ease of use.  
1	Features, price, relative ease of expend.  
1	Excellent battery life; very good coverage; built-in MP3 player
1	Excellent battery life; very proficient coverage; built-in MP3 player
1	complete with pager
1	staring with pager
0	Low image resolution, eats batteries
0	abject image resolution, eats batteries
0	Too Small (hard to hold), Poor Ringer Choices
0	Too Small (hard to hold), pitiable Ringer Choices
1	Small. Excellent photo quality. Huge LCD screen. Chicks dig it! 
1	Small. Excellent photo quality. Huge LCD screenland. Chicks grok it! 
1	Tough, Great Quality, Great Features, Awesome!
1	Tough, Great choice, Great Features, Awesome!
0	poor key light
0	poor key swooning
1	Great prints. Convenient card reader.
1	slap-up prints. Convenient card reader.
1	The smallest (so far)
1	The minor (so far)
1	none
1	none
1	Stunning Image Quality, Lots of Storage, Good software bundle
1	Stunning project Quality, Lots of Storage, Good software bundle
0	battery time
0	battery meter
1	Small and thin, color screen, higher speed web, feature-rich
1	belittled and thin, color screen, higher speed web, feature-rich
0	DROPS CALLS...DROP CALLS...PIX-MESSAGING feature does not work after a while...
0	DROPS CALLS...discharge CALLS...PIX-MESSAGING feature does not ferment after a while...
1	Great quality pictures, easy to use
1	Great quality pictures, well-situated to use
1	Ease of use, floppy disk driven
1	Ease of use, floppy saucer driven
1	small & lightweight but not fragile, interface simple and intuitive, sound & reception
1	minuscule & jackanapes but not fragile, interface simple and intuitive, sound & reception
0	Pricey- the the lower priced models do just as well.
0	Pricey- the the abject priced models do just as comfortably.
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, unity megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 backing
1	Value priced, great print quality, quiet, easy to install and use.
1	Value priced, great print quality, silence, easy to install and purpose.
1	Very sleek design, external LCD display
1	really sleek design, external LCD display
1	Relatively low-cost, decent picture quality and simple to use
1	Relatively low-cost, decent picture select and simple to use
0	too many features, bad colors
0	too many features, risky colors
1	cheap
1	punk
1	Small, MANY Features, Awesome style, Great feel, Good selection of ringtones, Vibrate, Customizable
1	Small, MANY Features, Awesome style, capital feel, Good option of ringtones, Vibrate, Customizable
1	Superb picture quality. Good auto mode and loads of manual options. Price.
1	Superb picture quality. Good auto way and laden of manual options. Price.
0	Very poor battery life, the zoom function is terrible and unfortunately the list goes on
0	Very poor barrage life, the zoom routine is terrible and unfortunately the list X on
0	No time and date in our area
0	No time and date in our country
0	Big, mediocre camera, Get It Now is an excuse to waste money
0	Big, mediocre camera, obtain It Now is an excuse to consume money
0	Not Photo Quality Printing. Colors Come out poor.
0	Not Photo Quality Printing. Colors occur out poor.
1	Easy to use, nice pictures, long battery life
1	Easy to use, nice pictures, long battery lifespan
0	Loud
0	flash
1	Great print quality, good color, easy to use
1	groovy print quality, good color, easy to use
0	I kick footrest when baby is in rear-facing position and toddler 'perch' is not safe
0	i kvetch footrest when baby is in rear-facing stead and toddler 'perch' is not safe
1	A phone you can trust for its functionality and construction
1	A headphone you can confide for its functionality and construction
1	Great keyboard, internal screen, signal, camera/video, internet capability. Excellent voice call. Good PDA.
1	Great keyboard, home screen, signal, camera/video, internet capability. fantabulous voice call. Good PDA.
0	It frustrates me often, cartridges are ridiculously expensive
0	It frustrates me often, pickup are ridiculously expensive
0	Low sound ringtones, kinda cheap plastic
0	Low vocalize ringtones, kinda cheap plastic
1	easy to use,
1	slowly to use,
0	Seems easily broken if it gets banged.  Battery life so-so if using lcd.
0	Seems easily recrudesce if it cause banged.  Battery life so-so if using lcd.
1	easy to use
1	well-to-do to use
0	Expensive to own 
0	expensive to own 
1	Cheap
1	cheesy
0	Antenna??
0	feeler??
1	A Great Concept from convergence of two very good companies
1	A outstanding Concept from convergence of two very ripe companies
0	heavy and bulky, a nuisance to carry around on vacation secondary to its size and weight
0	great and bulky, a pain to carry around on vacation secondary to its size and angle
1	Good quality digital photos.  Built-in printer.
1	honest quality digital photos.  Built-in printer.
0	&amp;quot;ocean liner&amp;quot; proportions, inaccessible basket
0	&amp;quot;ocean liner&amp;quot; proportions, inaccessible handbasket
1	flip phone clear screen good reception
1	flip phone well-defined screen good reception
0	Inadequate software
0	poor software
0	Quality is so-so, limited memory
0	lineament is so-so, limited memory
0	Cartridges expensive. Almost the price of printer itself.
0	Cartridges expensive. Almost the toll of printer itself.
0	Smallish paper bin.
0	Smallish report bin.
0	Unreliable, small pokey keys, small screen, "afterdesign" over older hardware, gets grubby easy.
0	Unreliable, small pokey keys, small screenland, "afterdesign" over older hardware, father grubby easy.
0	Battery life, but you can improve this if you buy a AC Adaptor for downloads.
0	battery lifespan, but you can improve this if you buy a Ac Adaptor for downloads.
0	Zooming drains battery life, no viewfinder
0	Zooming drains barrage life, no viewfinder
0	Little Support,short battery life, no support for Win2000
0	Little Support,short battery lifespan, no support for Win2000
0	Price tag, only dual mode
0	Price tag, only twofold mode
1	Easy to use, good quality, reasonably priced, 
1	loose to use, good quality, reasonably priced, 
1	Great all around product...meets the needs of most people...for pleasure or business...
1	peachy all around product...meets the needs of most masses...for pleasure or business...
1	Easy to use and easy menus, good quality!
1	Easy to use and soft menus, good quality!
0	Left side of display sometimes difficult to read.
0	left side of display sometimes difficult to read.
0	A little easy to lose grip of, not enough " memory space",too thick.
0	A little slow to lose grip of, not enough " retentivity space",too thick.
1	Great for everyday paper use, affordable
1	Great for everyday paper exercise, affordable
0	Does not print photos very well
0	behave not print photos very well
1	Small size, flip phone, Good range of features.
1	Small size, flip phone, Good ambit of features.
1	Inexpensive, high resolution, ultra-fast USB download
1	Inexpensive, high resolving, ultra-fast USB download
0	LOUD, bulky
0	tacky, bulky
0	Slightly clunky interface, can't open easily with one hand.
0	Slightly clunky interface, can't heart-to-heart easily with one hand.
1	More than a typical point-and-shoot camera, 5 MegaPixels, many manual controls.
1	More than a typical point-and-shoot camera, fin MegaPixels, many manual see.
0	Eats batteries like crazy!
0	Eats shelling like crazy!
1	Quality text display
1	Quality text expose
0	battery life could be a little longer.
0	battery life could be a footling longer.
0	Paper Jamming, but see explanation below.
0	Paper pile, but see explanation below.
1	Great picture quality
1	Great photo quality
0	ink runs out to fast, ink cartridges are pricey
0	ink runs out to fast, ink cartridges are pricy
0	price for average joe like you and me ... only one I can think of
0	price for average joe like you and me ... only ace I can imagine of
1	good quality pictures, easy to use, pixels and resolution.
1	goodness quality pictures, easy to use, pixels and resolution.
0	color quality wasn't great
0	distort quality wasn't great
0	Battery life is only adequate
0	Battery life is only tolerable
0	expensive functionality
0	expensive functionality
1	Battery Life, Can save configuration (restore off) for quick shots.
1	Battery Life, privy save configuration (restore off) for quick shooter.
1	Great printing and photo quality, easy to use.
1	nifty printing and photo quality, easy to use.
0	Noisy, slow and clunky.  No USB.
0	Noisy, slack and clunky.  No USB.
0	not the smallest cell phone available
0	not the diminished cell phone available
0	Not "cool" right now; Talk-Time battery life;
0	Not "poise" right now; Talk-Time battery life;
1	Small, great reception, voice dial, browser, indiglo blue LCD, outer ID screen, variable vibrate alert
1	Small, great reception, voice dial, browser, indiglo Amytal LCD, outer ID concealment, variable vibrate alarm
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, corking envision and voice clarity
0	Average battery life, Antenna projects from body
0	Average battery life, Antenna projects from torso
0	locks you in to AT&amp;T
0	locks you in to AT&amp;MT
1	It can survive a high degree of abuse
1	IT can survive a high degree of abuse
1	Compact, Lightweight, Easy to Use, IBM Microdrive Compatible
1	bundle, Lightweight, Easy to Use, IBM Microdrive Compatible
1	It won't cost much to get you started.  Maybe 50 to 60 bucks.
1	It won't cost much to experience you initiate.  Maybe 50 to 60 bucks.
1	Price and Weight
1	Price and weightiness
1	Great display, great signal, nice design, GPRS, infrared port, Java
1	smashing display, great signal, dainty design, GPRS, infrared port, Java
1	Great Print Quality
1	dandy Print Quality
1	high quality photo prints, separate ink cartridges
1	high quality photo impress, separate ink cartridges
1	Nice design, radio function
1	Nice design, radio map
0	none that I have
0	none that unity have
1	all around good phone
1	all approximately good phone
0	N/A
0	N/adenine
0	keys "sweat" on the screen, talk time is 'eh', no full mp3's
0	key "sweat" on the screen, talk time is 'eh', no replete mp3's
0	Serial connection too slow, included memory too small
0	Serial connection too boring, included memory too small
0	Horrible interface
0	horrible interface
0	Perhaps Price, Size
0	Perhaps Price, sizing
0	Paper alignment problem now and then; flimsy?
0	report alignment problem now and then; flimsy?
0	none
0	none
0	Ink runs out fast, original driver sucks.
0	Ink runs out fast, original driver suckle.
0	Terrible reception and volume, screen freezes, settings change when plugged into a charger
0	atrocious reception and volume, screen freezes, settings interchange when plugged into a charger
0	Doesn't feel like it would survive a fall.
0	Doesn't look like it would survive a fall.
0	none I can think of
0	none I can retrieve of
0	Poor reception, recharge jack design.  Insufficient volume.  No alarm clock.
0	Poor reception, recharge jack designing.  Insufficient book.  No alarm clock.
0	Expensive, Limited # of Photos to Each Disk
0	Expensive, Limited # of Photos to Each platter
0	Not the best print quality but gets the job done.
0	Not the best print quality but sire the job cause.
0	Separate ink cartridges 
0	secernate ink cartridges 
0	Price
0	terms
1	good battery life, very durable
1	estimable battery life, very durable
1	Incredible print quality, lasting toner, and speed.
1	Incredible print calibre, lasting toner, and speed.
1	small size, easy to use, great features
1	small size, easy to use, smashing features
0	housing dents easily, screen hard to see, software bugs, no 1XRTT, no Java apps
0	housing dents easily, test hard to construe, software bugs, no 1XRTT, no Java apps
1	everything
1	everything
1	High quality for the money.
1	heights quality for the money.
0	Humm, none come to mind.
0	Humm, none follow to mind.
1	Small, Sexy
1	belittled, Sexy
1	Excellent build quality, great results
1	Excellent build quality, neat results
1	Cheap, tiny.
1	Cheap, petite.
0	None
0	none
1	Large display, large buttons, reception, frugal battery usage, full featured, durable case
1	bombastic display, large buttons, reception, frugal battery usage, wide featured, durable case
0	Dropped Calls, poor call quality. Voice Commands need HELP!
0	Dropped Calls, poor call quality. Voice bid need HELP!
0	N/A
0	newton/A
1	Quality construction, great features, terrific pictures, flexibility, compatibility
1	Quality construction, smashing features, terrific pictures, flexibility, compatibility
1	Price, light weight
1	Price, wakeful weight
0	Poor image quality.  Flash too strong at short range then drops off quickly.
0	hapless image quality.  Flash too strong at brusk range then drops off quickly.
0	major software issues, poor reception, network problems
0	major software effect, poor reception, network problems
0	appears fragile (toy like) and incomplete. poor data interaction.
0	look fragile (toy like) and incomplete. poor data interaction.
0	cost
0	be
0	Don't lose the sw cd
0	Don't lose the sou'-west cd
1	good features
1	effective features
1	Easy to use &amp;amp; awesome clear pictures
1	comfortable to use &amp;amp; awesome clear pictures
0	did not work.
0	did not go.
1	Wonderful picture quality.
1	Wonderful scene quality.
0	too expensive for a toy
0	too expensive for a fiddle
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to habit
0	You do get what you pay for. Feel like a dentist? Extract paper...
0	You do dumbfound what you salary for. Feel like a dentist? Extract paper...
0	batteries dont last long
0	batteries dont last foresighted
0	Powers itself down- have to wait for it to restart. 
0	power itself down- have to wait for it to re-start. 
1	Excellent photo output.  Fast B&amp;amp;W output.
1	Excellent photo output.  truehearted B&amp;amp;W output.
0	Rather large, expensive polaroid film
0	Rather tumid, expensive polaroid film
0	RED color - battery life terrible and adaptor/recharger is extra
0	RED colourize - battery life terrible and adapter/recharger is extra
0	Bad print quality, expensive ink cartridges, huge for home use, slow
0	Bad print quality, expensive ink magazine, huge for home utilize, slow
0	Long wait between taking pictures, bad coloring, takes long to download pics
0	Long wait between taking film, spoiled coloring, takes long to download pics
0	Noisy; wastes ink when cleaning jets.
0	Noisy; macerate ink when cleaning jets.
0	Downloadable ringers has problems, reception, awkward button placement.
0	Downloadable ringers has problems, reception, embarrassing button placement.
1	reasonably priced, takes nice pictures, easy to upload into computer
1	reasonably priced, takes skillful pictures, comfortable to upload into computer
1	Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	openhanded screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	All around good phone, easy to use, nice display, good reception
1	All around good phone, sluttish to habituate, nice display, good reception
1	interchangeable faces to match decor
1	interchangeable faces to correspond decor
1	Smaller Frame then the Z52. Same high quality printing and reliablity.
1	Smaller chassis then the Z52. Same high-pitched quality printing and reliablity.
1	Great output even on plain paper
1	Great output even on unornamented paper
1	Image Quality, Connectivity, Build Quality and style, rock solid drivers
1	Image Quality, Connectivity, habitus Quality and style, rock hearty drivers
1	Floppy Drive for Data Transfers
1	Floppy crusade for Data Transfers
1	Picture Quality, Ease of use, zoom.
1	Picture timbre, Ease of use, zoom.
1	High printing speed, easy to install, can print while scanning or receiving fax
1	High printing speed, comfortable to install, can print while scanning or welcome fax
0	Slow download from camera to PC
0	irksome download from camera to PC
1	Least expensive Bluetooth equipped phone. Speakerphone great.  Camera good enough for email.
1	Least expensive Bluetooth equipped phone. Speakerphone great.  Camera goodness sufficiency for email.
1	Swivel lens, lightweight, movie mode, 3x optical zoom, innovative and sleek design
1	Swivel lens, lightweight, movie mode, 3x optical zoom, innovative and silklike project
1	Virtually Unbreakable, 2way paging, a lot of stuff
1	Virtually Unbreakable, 2way paging, a lot of lug
1	great photo quality, high print speed, memory card reader
1	keen photo quality, high print speed, memory card reader
0	Can be Bulky
0	fanny be Bulky
1	One unit into one , fast, and great product.
1	One unit into one , fast, and gravid product.
1	The price
1	The terms
1	cool looking, many ring styles, color screen
1	cool looking, many ring styles, colour screen
0	Nightmare, problem after problem,off alignment.etc
0	Nightmare, problem after problem,off coalition.etc
0	Battery Life, Camera
0	Battery aliveness, Camera
1	Sleek looking
1	aerodynamic looking
0	Not many features or extras
0	Not many lineament or extras
0	Need the cash to spend on it
0	Need the cash to drop on it
1	Sleek and slim look, Excellent battery life, Good reception.
1	Sleek and slim look, Excellent battery life, respectable reception.
1	quality
1	tone
0	Reception was a big problem. No internet access, no vibration mode
0	Reception was a large problem. No internet access, no trembling mode
1	Specs sound good (better than reality)
1	Specs well-grounded good (better than reality)
1	When I purchased the camera it worked fine!
1	When i purchased the camera it worked fine!
0	Price?
0	toll?
1	simple and extremely effective, great price!
1	simple and extremely good, great price!
1	Many features
1	Many boast
0	Battery live, durability, ring volume and tones, after sales service
0	battery live, durability, surround volume and tones, after sales service
1	Price; size
1	cost; size
0	No battery status indicator, Shutter lag ( ALL average digital cameras have it )#!%$!
0	no shelling status indicator, Shutter lag ( ALL average digital cameras have it )#!%$!
0	Battery hog
0	Battery pig
1	Ease of Use, Hip Styling, Features
1	Ease of usage, Hip Styling, Features
0	Haven't experienced any
0	Haven't experient any
0	doesnt protect 100% from sun
0	doesnt protect century% from sun
0	Accessories hard to find and still somewhat expensive.
0	Accessories hard to obtain and still somewhat expensive.
1	Toughness, navigation ease
1	huskiness, navigation ease
0	not for action shots
0	not for activity shots
0	Lousy reception; fragile handset; need 2 hands to answer; teensy side buttons
0	Lousy reception; fragile handset; indigence 2 script to answer; teensy side buttons
1	The quality is fine for a home printer. 
1	The quality is fine for a household printer. 
1	Good price, okay quality.
1	expert price, okay quality.
1	free,camera,media net,external screen,sound recording
1	discharge,camera,media net,external screen,sound recording
1	Cheap and stylish. Requires minimal assembly. Good image quality on prints, scans, and copies.
1	gimcrack and stylish. Requires minimal assembly. Good image quality on impress, scans, and copies.
1	Call clarity, Internet capable, durable.
1	Call clarity, internet capable, durable.
1	Optical and LCD finders, user control
1	Optical and LCD finders, user ascendancy
1	price, easy-to-use, great software, screen.
1	price, easy-to-use, great software, covert.
1	Small, compact, durable, easy to learn, great pictures, great software
1	diminished, compact, durable, well-fixed to learn, great pictures, great software
0	Still an overall large camera with a so-so battery life.
0	Still an overall large camera with a acceptably battery liveliness.
1	Great phone. Good PDA. Nice sizing.  Flip style.  Durable. Battery life OK.
1	Great phone. commodity PDA. Nice sizing.  Flip dash.  Durable. Battery life OK.
1	Durable
1	lasting
1	takes good images
1	engage good images
1	Got it for free
1	commence it for free
0	Pricey and a measly storage basket.
0	Pricey and a measly repositing basket.
1	Durable, Stylish, Clear Screen, Great Sound
1	Durable, Stylish, realise Screen, Great Sound
1	User-friendly, very good output
1	User-friendly, very good production
0	Delays in key-in actions...
0	Delays in key-in activeness...
0	Awful interface, bad feature set
0	Awful interface, bad feature located
0	Photo reproduction is not as crisp as HP
0	Photo reproduction is not as toast as HP
0	Not small enough to show off to friends.  Somewhat Bulky in a modern way.
0	Not small enough to shew off to friends.  pretty Bulky in a modern way.
1	High-quality images, low price, excellent flash, bright LCD display, excellent image capacity
1	High-quality images, low price, excellent heartbeat, bright LCD display, excellent image capability
0	Not as many manual options or bells+whistles as others
0	non as many manual options or bells+pennywhistle as others
0	Poor Quality Digital Zoom. No sound on Movie - But That's it!
0	inadequate Quality Digital Zoom. No healthy on Movie - But That's it!
1	Great palm integration and battery life.  All in 1 wonder.
1	Great medallion integration and battery aliveness.  All in 1 wonder.
0	photo printing issues--colors not always good
0	photo printing issues--colors not always unspoilt
0	Technology is still expensive, disks can be filled fast too, user needs a computer to get all the benefits 
0	Technology is silence expensive, disks can be filled quick too, user needs a computer to nonplus all the benefits 
1	Crystal clear high quality images, long battery life, lots of PLUS features. BUYIT!
1	Crystal clear high select images, long battery life, lots of PLUS sport. BUYIT!
0	low number of pictures stored
0	low-toned number of pictures stored
0	*Although not really, **Ratings aren't always real life, ***Although slightly overkill
0	*Although not really, **stag aren't always real sprightliness, ***Although slightly overkill
1	Great pictures. Very easy to use.
1	Great pictures. Very easy to manipulation.
0	long distance catapulting of occupant due to lack of brakes
0	recollective distance catapulting of resident due to lack of brakes
1	Simple to use.
1	Simple to employment.
0	Small, no new tech features
0	little, no new tech features
1	Ease of use, quality, floppy disk storage
1	Ease of apply, quality, floppy disk storage
1	Clarity is exceptional. Lots of unexpected features.
1	Clarity is exceptional. lot of unexpected features.
1	Can see picture right away, can store on disk
1	Can see picture decent away, can store on disk
0	Not enough ringer options, vibrating ringer a little weak, archaic phone book setup.
0	Not enough ringer options, vibrating ringer a picayune frail, archaic phone book setup.
0	battery use, no zoom
0	battery function, no zoom
0	Signal too weak, using it too frustrating.
0	sign too weak, using it too frustrating.
1	Blue screen and sailboat screensavers ? Yippeeee
1	Blue shield and sailboat screensavers ? Yippeeee
0	8mb sd card. Definitely buy 64 or 128mb SD card. 
0	8mb sd tease. Definitely buy 64 or 128mb SD lineup. 
1	Small, Navigation is good, features are good for price
1	Small, Navigation is serious, features are good for price
1	Many Features
1	Many sport
0	none found
0	none see
1	Small size, UI, Features, battery life
1	Small size, UI, Features, battery animation
1	roomy, great fabric
1	roomy, heavy fabric
0	Slow in hi-res color, expensive (but worth it!)
0	Slow in hi-res vividness, expensive (but worth it!)
1	Small, well designed, good lens &amp; affordable
1	Small, well designed, proficient lens &amp; affordable
1	Great Pictures.  Easy to use.  Great battery life with NiMH.
1	Great picture.  Easy to expend.  Great battery life with NiMH.
0	You have to read the manual to use it.
0	You have to read the manual to usage it.
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	'Missed Call' function, abject vibration, and large/heavy phone
1	easy to install &amp;amp; takes up little desk space
1	comfortable to install &amp;amp; takes up minuscule desk space
0	Quiet ringtones, Wap browser not reliable
0	Quiet ringtones, Wap browser not true
1	Fabulous output
1	mythologic output
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	User settings; menu items; adjudge signal; lack of email
1	Fast, great colors and resolution.
1	Fast, great colors and solvent.
1	Lightweight,compact, carry strap, cup/bottle holders, receives car seat, speaker system, maneuvers easily, expandable hood
1	Lightweight,compact, stockpile strap, cup/bottle holders, receives machine keister, speaker system, maneuvers easily, expandable hood
1	Uses Compact Flash, AA batteries &amp;amp; takes great pictures
1	Uses heavyset flashy, AA batteries &amp;amp; takes great pictures
1	Cheap, Good quality
1	Cheap, Good timbre
1	Compact and small, perfect to carry around in a pocket, great pictures, 
1	Compact and small, perfect to carry around in a pocket, expectant delineation, 
1	Simple, Nice Looking, Quality Scanning and Printing
1	Simple, Nice look, Quality Scanning and Printing
0	Delayed Shutter  Could Miss  Action Shots
0	Delayed shutter  Could Miss  Action Shots
0	zoom, rapid shoots
0	zoom, rapid blast
0	Print Head Replacement Fee of $150.00
0	mark Head Replacement Fee of $150.00
1	5 point harness, adjustable handles, compact, light, versatile, durable.
1	5 point harness, adjustable handles, covenant, light, versatile, durable.
1	Small, Portable, rechargeable, stylish
1	pocket-sized, Portable, rechargeable, stylish
1	Very sturdy. Comes with a infant car seat and has a compartment for parents.
1	Very sturdy. total with a infant car backside and has a compartment for parents.
0	Takes awhile to learn all options, slower burst rate than 3030 but who needs faster?
0	Takes awhile to study all options, slower fusillade grade than 3030 but who needs faster?
1	Very Light Weight, Easy To Open
1	identical Light Weight, Easy To Open
0	Underpowered flash, poor focusing, short battery life.
0	Underpowered flash, poor focusing, short battery biography.
1	Great Technology, awesome idea, has everything in a phone that I want.
1	dandy Technology, awesome idea, has everything in a phone that I deficiency.
0	Can't use my scanner
0	Can't utilise my scanner
0	No video outlets. No A/C adaptor.
0	No video outlets. No A/coke adaptor.
0	not durable for a child over 40 LBS.
0	not durable for a child over XL LBS.
0	sometimes shutter speed is slow
0	sometimes shutter speed is tiresome
0	2CR5 battery, 8MB included CompactFlash Card
0	2CR5 battery, 8MB included CompactFlash board
0	my item arrived damaged the first time
0	my item arrived damaged the kickoff time
1	Great stroller, comfortable, will last
1	corking stroller, comfortable, will last
0	Some durability issues
0	Some durability emerge
0	None Known
0	None known
0	No where near the quality of other digital cameras
0	No where nearly the quality of other digital cameras
1	Fast, Crisp Text, Outstanding Design.
1	immobile, Crisp Text, Outstanding Design.
1	Ease of use, ability to print on the spot, Olympus digital "greatness" behind this camera
1	Ease of use, ability to print on the slur, Olympus digital "illustriousness" keister this camera
0	battery comes loose it will disconnect your phone-Bad reception at times
0	battery comes loose it will gulf your phone-Bad reception at time
0	Check the battery for the performance &amp; then buy it
0	stay the battery for the functioning &amp; then buy it
1	Great earpiece volume
1	Great earphone volume
0	Must swap carts, a little slow on color printing
0	Must swap carts, a little slow on coloring printing
0	None
0	none
0	One 1.1 megapixels
0	I 1.1 megapixels
0	Early versions had bugs
0	Early variant had bugs
0	none so far
0	none so FAR
0	No manual controls, no AF illumination beam, the full users Manual is on CD , 
0	No manual ascendence, no AF illumination shaft, the full users Manual is on CD , 
0	Poor battery life (nickel metal), fragile antenna, AND A BAD SCREEN.
0	Poor battery spirit (nickel metal), fragile antenna, AND A BAD concealment.
1	Impressive printout quality, nice set of software features
1	Impressive printout quality, nice located of software features
0	Poor charger connection and bad keypad design.
0	Poor charger connection and speculative keypad design.
0	worst stroller I have ever used
0	worst stroller I have ever ill-used
0	could be smaller, hi-tech for 2001, few bells & whistles
0	could be smaller, hi-tech for 2001, few Bell & whistles
1	bluetooth Macintosh synchronization
1	bluetooth Macintosh synchronising
0	uses a lot of batteries, menu confusing at first
0	uses a lot of batteries, menu confusing at initiative
0	paper tends to not want to feed into the machine,  ink is expensive, not the fastest machine in the world
0	composition incline to not want to feed into the machine,  ink is expensive, not the degenerate machine in the humanity
0	Low ringtones.  Camera options lacking. Browser a little difficult to use.
0	abject ringtones.  Camera options lacking. Browser a little difficult to consumption.
1	Best product in its price range, lots of options, easy to use, great support and warranty
1	practiced product in its price swan, lots of options, leisurely to use, great support and warranty
0	A little expensive but far less than Nikon professional digitals with same quality.
0	axerophthol piffling expensive but far less than Nikon professional digitals with same quality.
0	Power switch hard to use. Viewfinder a little off-center.
0	Power flip hard to use. Viewfinder a little off-center.
1	Space saving, high quality images, inexpensive
1	Space economy, high quality images, inexpensive
1	quality built, manual mode, long exposure, expandable, can use AA battery
1	tone built, manual style, long exposure, expandable, can use AA battery
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, offer Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu test
0	Reception indicator seems flakey, bad contact list setup.
0	Reception indicator seems flakey, bad impinging list setup.
1	Prints 11 pages a minute in Black and White and 8.5 in Color
1	Prints 11 pages a minute in sinister and white-hot and 8.5 in Color
0	bad quality, poorly made
0	bad quality, poorly wee
1	Amazing photos, various accessories, affordable
1	bewilder photos, various accessories, affordable
1	quality product, never a problem with it
1	quality product, ne'er a problem with it
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
1	totally customizable, huge showing for a flip, easy usage, features galore
0	vague manual
0	undefined manual
1	reception/camera
1	receipt/camera
1	Big screen for flip phone, Very cool features, COLOR, COLOR, COLOR
1	large screen for thumb phone, Very cool features, COLOR, COLOR, COLOR
1	quality printing, fast, cheap cartridges
1	quality printing, fast, bum cartridges
0	gray-scale graphics sometime uneven
0	gray-scale artwork sometime uneven
1	simple and easy to use,cheap disks for photo storage
1	simple and wanton to use,flash disks for photo storage
0	None
0	none
0	Viewfinder, focus, slowness, 
0	Viewfinder, sharpen, slowness, 
0	Poor signal acquisition.
0	miserable signal acquisition.
1	Lots of cool features
1	flock of cool features
1	everything
1	everything
1	Great backlight, reception and easy to use.
1	Great backlight, reception and light to use.
1	Good quality, reasonably quick unless printing complex/multicolored documents.
1	Good quality, reasonably quick unless printing complex/particoloured documents.
0	Weak LCD display and battery life indicator only shows on weak battery.
0	Weak LCD exhibit and battery life indicator only establish on weak battery.
0	Print cartridges are expensive.
0	mark cartridges are expensive.
1	Nice camera and dial pad.  Large display.  No ext. antenna.
1	Nice camera and dial lard.  Large display.  nobelium ext. antenna.
0	lens, software that is included
0	lens, package that is included
0	bad battery life, non-intuitive menus, no search in phonebook, rings not loud
0	bad battery aliveness, non-intuitive menus, no search in phonebook, annulus not loud
0	Slightly cool pictures, difficult low light focus.
0	Slightly cool pictures, difficult scummy light focus.
0	focus, no optical zoom lens, small buttons, lack of flexibility relative to competitor products
0	stress, no optical zoom lens, small buttons, lack of flexibleness relative to competitor products
1	little
1	minuscule
0	Hard on batteries
0	heavy on batteries
0	A bit bulky
0	A number bulky
1	Best value for money
1	Best appreciate for money
0	Just basics
0	good basics
0	Screen size too small, speakerphone muddy-sounding, limited information storage for contacts, charging system flawed.
0	sieve size too small, speakerphone muddy-sounding, limited information storage for contacts, tear system flawed.
0	Limited to Floppy storage capacity.
0	circumscribe to Floppy storage capacity.
1	carseat easy to manage
1	carseat loose to manage
0	The user menus are not user friendly!  Hard to troubleshoot problems.
0	The user fare are not user friendly!  Hard to troubleshoot trouble.
1	Speed and Quality
1	hurrying and Quality
0	Need to speed up a little bit. Confusing ink level display after cartridge change.
0	Need to speed up a slight bit. Confusing ink level display after cartridge modification.
0	Auto Turn off too quickly, menu too hard to use
0	Auto bend off too quickly, menu too hard to utilize
0	Nothing so far.
0	cipher so far.
1	Blue design FUN! Takes good pictures for me, LCD and Optical view finder, easy to use
1	Blue design FUN! payoff upright pictures for me, LCD and Optical aspect finder, easy to use
1	Excellent reception, Intuitive menu, speaker phone, excellent voice dial feature.
1	Excellent receipt, Intuitive menu, speaker phone, excellent representative dial feature.
0	video camera is so-so, learning curve to mastering all the buttons/options, expensive extras
0	video camera is so-so, learning slue to mastering all the buttons/options, expensive duplicate
0	Short battery life, usability of display outdoors
0	Short battery biography, usability of display outdoors
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
0	the keys start to skuff the body, risky design.
0	Pain in the rear to set up over a network.
0	Pain in the rump to located up over a network.
0	extras sold seprately
0	extras sell seprately
1	compact size, durable
1	compact size, long-lived
1	Colour fidelity and resolution
1	Colour faithfulness and resolution
1	Quality, Price, Picture quality. Customer Service people. Pentax Lenses. Software
1	Quality, Price, depict timber. Customer Service people. Pentax Lenses. Software
1	Durable, light, nice features
1	Durable, faint, nice features
0	Battery life without headset
0	Battery lifespan without headset
0	Has a very delicate &amp; cheap plastic cover for charger input.
0	Has a very delicate &amp; brassy plastic covering for charger input.
0	Few.  Battery life is good, but a daily charge is needed.
0	Few.  Battery life is good, but a daily flush is take.
0	Slow
0	easy
1	Clear colour screen, handsfree audio, plentiful software, well integrated with phone, good battery.
1	Clear colouration riddle, handsfree audio, plentiful software, well integrated with phone, good battery.
0	Needs protective sleeve! 
0	necessarily protective sleeve! 
1	Cheap, Integrated PDA, integrated speaker phone
1	Cheap, merged PDA, integrated speaker phone
0	Uses only Sony's MemorySticks for it's memory, only comes w/ 16megs memory.
0	consumption only Sony's MemorySticks for it's memory, only comes w/ 16megs retentivity.
1	Color screen, tri-band operation, changeable faceplates, speakerphone
1	coloring screen, tri-band operation, changeable faceplates, speakerphone
0	bad at printing graphics, broke after 3 months
0	bad at printing graphics, fail after 3 months
1	Dependable
1	secure
0	Not a &amp;quot;solid&amp;quot; printer, NO WIN 2K DRIVERS!
0	Not a &amp;quot;strong&A;quot; printer, NO WIN 2K DRIVERS!
0	Too Much To Do
0	Too Much To doh
0	Short battery life...   :(
0	short-circuit battery life...   :(
0	Ink cartridges probably not refillable, reported potential to clog heads.
0	Ink cartridges plausibly not refillable, reported potential to clog headspring.
0	Somewhat difficult to navigate,
0	fairly difficult to navigate,
0	So many features you cannot afford to lose the instructions; battery life
0	So many characteristic you cannot afford to lose the teaching; battery life
1	Great price for a flatbed laser
1	Great toll for a flatbed laser
1	Clear pictures, easy to use, 6x zoom, cute
1	Clear pictures, loose to use, 6x zoom, cute
0	Slow shutter speed sometimes.
0	Slow shutter hurry sometimes.
1	10x stabilized zoom, illuminated autofocus, excellent optics
1	10x stabilized zoom, elucidate autofocus, excellent optics
0	Cheezy ringers, documentation sucks.
0	Cheezy ringers, documentation blow.
0	NOT true stereo speakerphone, small screen.
0	NOT truthful stereo speakerphone, small screen.
0	Plastic housing (although feels sturdy).
0	Plastic domiciliate (although feels sturdy).
0	Print quality is poor.  Slow
0	Print quality is short.  Slow
0	Lack of zoom
0	Lack of whizz
0	price, not triband, GSM network coverage
0	cost, not triband, GSM network coverage
0	No auto-focus assist lamp, fixed (non-moveable) LCD screen
0	No auto-focus serve lamp, fixed (non-moveable) LCD screen
0	umbrella , no harness strap,  just belts across lap
0	umbrella , no harness flog,  just belts across lap
1	Great features &amp; price.  Good for beginner or advanced users.  3.1 megapixels.  It's a Kodak.
1	Great features &amp; price.  upright for beginner or sophisticated users.  3.I megapixels.  It's a Kodak.
1	Included accessories
1	admit accessories
0	expensive. 
0	expensive. 
0	Doesn't like envelopes and wish it had greater paper tray capacity.
0	Doesn't wish envelop and wish it had greater paper tray capacity.
0	Small lens, grainy pictures
0	Small lens, grainy depiction
1	very lite, doesn't take up a lot of room
1	very lite, doesn't adopt up a lot of room
1	Excellent display resolution, great pictures, good new features..LG quality
1	Excellent display solvent, big pictures, good new features..LG quality
1	Easy to use, great quality pictures
1	Easy to use, great quality film
1	It produces a great quality photo.
1	It produces a great lineament photo.
0	Slow. Slow. Slow. Lousy data accessories.
0	Slow. Slow. Slow. crappy data accessories.
1	Easy to use, not too big, not too small, great battery life
1	Easy to use, not too self-aggrandising, not too lowly, great battery life
1	Very Durable, Text Messenging, Nice interface, Office tools, Reception.
1	Very Durable, Text Messenging, Nice interface, Office peter, Reception.
1	Good picture
1	Good photo
0	Best for first time digital photographers.  
0	Best for outset time digital photographers.  
1	flashlight, radio, speakerphone, battery lasts forever
1	torch, radio, speakerphone, battery lasts forever
1	Rugged and durable camera takes quality photos. Now a real bargain at $200 range.
1	Rugged and long-wearing camera takes quality photos. instantly a real bargain at $200 range.
1	good size, well laid out controls
1	right size, well laid out controls
1	Great pictures, easy to use and adjust
1	Great exposure, easy to use and adjust
0	you get what you pay for
0	you mystify what you pay for
1	Tri-mode
1	Tri-mode
0	Expensive
0	expensive
1	Cheap, Light As A Cloud
1	punk, Light As A Cloud
1	Small size, decent quality pictures, AC adapter included
1	Small size, decent quality pictures, AC adapter admit
1	comes with rechargeable battery and charger, crisp pictures for a 2 megapixel 
1	comes with rechargeable shelling and charger, terse pictures for a 2 megapixel 
0	None!
0	none!
0	none so far
0	none so ALIR
1	Feels like an SLR camera
1	Feels care an SLR camera
0	Eats up batteries like a crazed iranian terrorist
0	chow up batteries like a crazed iranian terrorist
1	Good image quality, easy to use, instantly accessible photos.
1	Good image quality, easy to exercise, instantly accessible photos.
0	Size - but it is easy to get used to
0	Size - but it is easy to father used to
1	It can't be beat
1	It can't be shell
0	Battery life &amp; no camera bag. For the, price larger smart media card.
0	Battery animation &amp; no camera bag. For the, price larger smart media wit.
1	some of the pros include: looks, price, features, camera, battery life, screen
1	some of the pros include: looks, price, lineament, camera, battery sprightliness, screen
0	Standard phone headsets don't mute device's mic, no SSL email, text msgs cost add'l.
0	Standard earpiece headsets don't mute device's mic, no SSL email, schoolbook msgs cost add'l.
1	Cheap, Easy to use 
1	garish, Easy to use 
0	Not reclining seat
0	Not reclining tail
1	Inexpensive, versatile, fun, sturdy, and cool.
1	Inexpensive, versatile, fun, uncompromising, and cool.
0	drivers may cause problems, RAM upgrades can be expensive
0	drivers may stimulate problems, RAM upgrades can be expensive
1	Image quality, Ease of use. Very well designed, great lens.
1	Image quality, Ease of utilisation. Very advantageously designed, great lens.
1	Excellent ease of use, visible, tactile keypad, simple menu structure
1	fantabulous ease of usage, visible, tactile keypad, simple menu structure
0	Can't think of one....
0	Can't suppose of one....
0	Shoddy business practices by Epson
0	Shoddy business pattern by Epson
1	Stylish, lightweight, Durable, SMALL, Feature-packed, 3G-Voice Capable, Multi-Chord Ringers!
1	Stylish, lightweight, Durable, pocket-size, Feature-packed, 3G-Voice Capable, Multi-Chord Ringers!
1	fast, great color
1	fast, smashing color
0	somewhat large especially with the BJC-50 on the market, Canon durability suspect, 
0	fairly magnanimous especially with the BJC-50 on the market, Canon durability suspect, 
1	Small Size, Infolithium Battery, Metal Design
1	Small Size, Infolithium Battery, Metal contrive
1	speed,ease of use,color clarity
1	hie,ease of use,color clarity
0	Antenna, Price, Stupid belt clip
0	Antenna, Price, Stupid swath clip
0	size. speed
0	size. zip
1	none
1	none
0	Unable to set shutter speed, LCD prone to attracting dust &amp; scratches
0	Unable to fix shutter speed, LCD prone to attracting dust &amp; slit
0	No hierarchy in contact list, sync software hard to set up
0	No hierarchy in contact list, sync software surd to lot up
1	Great image quality, Easy to use, Loaded with features
1	Great fancy quality, Easy to use, Loaded with features
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	tiny, changeable covers, animated menus, voice dialing, infared
1	tiny, changeable screen, animated menus, voice dialing, infared
1	Stylish, compact, easy to use, and VERY durable
1	Stylish, heavyset, easy to use, and VERY durable
0	Autofocus not as effective as it could be
0	autofocus not as effective as it could be
1	Sleek, compact, highly functional.  Good battery life, reception.  Sound acceptable most of the time.
1	sleek, covenant, highly functional.  Good battery life, reception.  Sound acceptable most of the time.
1	good action pics.
1	unspoiled action pics.
1	Good picture quality, video out
1	Good word-painting quality, video out
0	weak batt, no cumulative call timer
0	debile batt, no cumulative call timer
0	-Flimsy Charger
0	-onionskin Charger
1	Ease of use
1	rest of use
0	Takes really lousy pictures, quick battery drain, 
0	deal really lousy pictures, quick battery drain, 
1	Nice looks, lots of features, camera/flash a big plus, nice ringers, easy to use.
1	squeamish looking, circle of features, camera/flash a big plus, nice ringers, easy to use.
0	LCD Screen power consumption
0	LCD Screen baron consumption
1	Very inexpensive, high quality printing.  Easy to use.
1	Very inexpensive, high quality print.  Easy to use.
1	Supports Microdrive
1	endorse Microdrive
0	finicky file downloads
0	particular file downloads
1	Easy to use, reliable, fun!
1	promiscuous to use, reliable, fun!
0	Bulky, lag time in keys, 20 digit max entries in phonebook, antenna, no infrared
0	bulky, lag time in keystone, 20 digit max entries in phonebook, antenna, no infrared
0	battery life is VERY short!  Very short!
0	battery life is VERY short!  really short!
1	Ease of Use, Great Flash &amp; Zoom Options, Easy To Navigate Menus, USB
1	informality of Use, Great Flash &amp; Zoom Options, Easy To Navigate carte, USB
0	picture quality, battery use, no view
0	picture quality, battery use, no sight
1	A high quality laser printer for under $200 including parallel cable.
1	A high quality laser printer for under $200 admit twin cable.
0	oh, the camera strap can get twisted
0	oh, the camera strap can get misrepresented
1	quality finish and solidly built, attractive large interface, Battery lasts loooong time
1	quality finale and solidly built, attractive turgid interface, Battery lasts loooong time
0	3x zoom, not great at night, large, expensive.
0	3x zoom, not cracking at night, large, expensive.
0	flash as in all digitals inadequate
0	twinkling as in all digitals inadequate
0	Only comes with a 8mb smart card
0	entirely comes with a 8mb smart card
1	Price, color screen
1	Price, color test
1	Lovely printing and scanning.
1	Lovely printing and read.
1	Picture quality, ergonomics, construction, controls, two media formats
1	Picture quality, ergonomics, twist, controls, two media formats
1	The phone is lightweight and fits into the palm of my hand
1	The call is lightweight and scene into the palm of my hand
1	Easy to use.  Good quality still photos with various options in-camera.
1	well-situated to use.  Good calibre still photos with various options in-camera.
0	no web enablement
0	no network enablement
0	low optical zoom
0	low-spirited optical zoom
1	HP always makes good products, and this is their best ink jet printer
1	HP always makes expert products, and this is their honest ink jet printer
0	monthly charges add up
0	monthly billing add up
0	Rings are sort of annoying. Signal strength is very deceiving.
0	echo are sort of pesky. Signal strength is very deceiving.
0	misleading display, poor call quality
0	misleading display, poor call calibre
1	Small, Light, Easy to use, Excellent Reception
1	Small, Light, well-heeled to use, Excellent Reception
1	Adjustable settings allow better quality or more pictures, whichever you prefer!
1	Adjustable settings let dear quality or more pictures, whichever you prefer!
0	Price, size, no case included
0	Price, size, no type included
1	high quality, saves pictures onto CDs, long-lasting battery, video clips
1	high quality, economize pictures onto CDs, long-lasting battery, video time
0	If you are afraid of hi-tech things, it seems intimidating at first.
0	If you are afraid of hi-tech things, it look intimidating at inaugural.
1	Many innovative improvements over the Canon Powershot G2, 
1	Many innovative betterment over the Canon Powershot G2, 
0	None.
0	none.
0	Slow response time with menus, reception, symbols rub off
0	tardily response time with menus, reception, symbols rub off
1	Small; high-tech design; EVF/LCD; 
1	Small; high-tech designing; EVF/LCD; 
1	printer, copier
1	printer, duplicator
0	a bit pricey, does not have a shut-down mode.
0	a bit dear, does not have a shut-down mode.
0	Battery life and large size.
0	Battery life and prominent size.
1	Great color, 1200x1200dpi, LESS THAN $179!!! Voice Prompts!
1	Great color, 1200x1200dpi, LESS THAN $179!!! Voice instigate!
1	It can supply people convenience and comfortable.
1	It can supply multitude convenience and comfortable.
0	Super slow speed, uses up ink cartridges very quickly, loud.
0	Super slacken speed, habituate up ink cartridges very quickly, loud.
1	Compact, easy to set up, good quality printouts
1	concordat, easy to set up, good quality printouts
0	the phone is a bit heavy
0	the phone is a bit sound
1	Never a problem, small size
1	Never a problem, belittled size
1	Light weight, uses AA Batteries, Win XP compatible
1	Light weight, uses AA shelling, Win XP compatible
1	High quality,easy, and quiet
1	High quality,sluttish, and quiet
0	standard 8mb memory
0	criterion 8mb memory
1	Quick, Easy, Great Pictures, No Film to Develop
1	Quick, Easy, Great photo, No Film to Develop
1	Ink saving features are a great addition; FABULOUS Customer Service; Very Competitive Prices!
1	Ink write features are a great addition; FABULOUS Customer Service; Very Competitive terms!
0	poor photo quality
0	short photo quality
0	Headphones are proprietary
0	Headphones are proprietorship
1	Great sound, always clear, large window screen, easy to use
1	Great sound, always exonerate, large window screen, loose to use
0	slow to respond
0	dumb to respond
0	Few options, some things are hard to find. The manually is confusing and vague
0	Few options, some things are heavily to obtain. The manually is confusing and vague
1	Easy to use and price is right
1	Easy to utilisation and price is right
0	Goofs up on lighting occasionally
0	Goofs up on illuminate occasionally
1	Small size, sound quality, ringer types, simple user interface
1	Small size, levelheaded quality, ringer types, simple user interface
0	Face plate hard to get off.
0	Face plate strong to get off.
1	Simply the best home ink jet there is
1	Simply the best home ink sooty there is
0	Battery life, phone book not alphabetized, no clock.
0	Battery life, phone Book not alphabetized, no clock.
0	display can be difficult to see in bright light, power hungry
0	exhibit can be difficult to see in bright short, power hungry
0	1.Low-Res pictures won't look good on this printer. 2.slow on photo jobs. 
0	1.Low-Res painting won't look good on this printer. 2.ho-hum on photo jobs. 
1	Screen, Sound, FM Radio, Battery life, Easy to use, Price
1	Screen, heavy, FM Radio, Battery life, Easy to employment, Price
0	Eats batteries if you use LCD display.
0	Eats batteries if you use LCD exhibit.
0	A few minor quirks detailed in the review
0	A few pocket-sized quirks detailed in the review
0	no outside LCD screen, very basic
0	no remote LCD screen, very basic
0	Slow, poor color resolution, noisy
0	slack, poor color resolution, noisy
0	Not two way speakerphone, no alpha sort for phone book
0	Not two path speakerphone, no alpha sort for phone script
0	Price of cartridges
0	price of cartridges
1	Easy to open and collapse. Seems durable. Easy to maneuver
1	well-fixed to open and collapse. Seems durable. wanton to maneuver
1	easy to use
1	easy to apply
1	High Quality color printing
1	High timbre color printing
0	Fragile
0	tenuous
1	Contacts, Calendar, Reliability, Volume Control & Clarity
1	Contacts, Calendar, Reliability, book Control & Clarity
1	Great picture quality
1	Great word-painting quality
0	Poor picture quality, poor reception, mechanical problems in the long term
0	Poor picture prime, poor reception, mechanical trouble in the long term
0	Quirks and bugs.  Quality degrades over time.  Speaker phone not the best.
0	Quirks and bugs.  Quality degrades over time.  Speaker headphone not the sound.
1	small, good battery life, good resolution
1	small, honest battery life, good resolution
1	Versatility
1	versatility
1	tiny, simple, sleek
1	petite, simple, sleek
1	ease of use, software, weight
1	simpleness of use, software, weight
1	Tons of features, good quality, perfect size, good clarity, simple to use &#13;&#10;
1	Tons of features, good quality, perfect size, skillful limpidity, simple to use &#13;&#10;
0	Antenna still not sturdy, pricey, expensive FM headset (optional)
0	Antenna stillness not sturdy, pricey, expensive FM headset (optional)
1	Price, Product
1	Price, ware
1	The Graco name, 1 year warr, ease of use, price, durability, bases avail at GracoBaby.com
1	The Graco name, 1 yr warr, simpleness of use, price, durability, al-Qaeda avail at GracoBaby.com
0	very very short battery life.  Did not work with provided photo software
0	very very short battery sprightliness.  Did not make with provided photo software
1	Smooth Printing
1	placid Printing
0	Lacking some features that I don't really need
0	Lacking some features that I don't rattling need
0	screen a bit dark, voice dial not accurate, bat life..
0	screenland a bit dark, interpreter dial not accurate, bat life..
0	Almost useless flash card reader, DO NOT get the prints wet.
0	Almost useless brassy card reader, DO NOT start the prints wet.
1	None
1	none
1	Long battery life, good size phone, great reception
1	Long battery life, well size phone, great reception
1	Versatile, good quality color images, inexpensive
1	Versatile, upright quality color images, inexpensive
0	Warm up time
0	Warm up metre
1	turns on a dime, very lightweight, doesn't take up a lot of space
1	turns on a dime, very lightweight, doesn't require up a bunch of space
0	Terms of service change without warning.
0	Terms of service change without discourage.
1	easy to use and no memory card
1	easy to use and no memory carte
1	All in One, Easy to Use, It isn't a flatbed scanner, 
1	All in unitary, sluttish to Use, It isn't a flatbed scanner, 
1	NONE!!!
1	none!!!
0	Not So Easy To Use
0	Not So well-to-do To Use
0	Small, CF card too small, Some Plastic Parts, LCD washes out in bright light.
0	Small, CF card too small, Some Plastic depart, LCD washes out in bright clear.
0	Speaker volume is a bit low, and buttons are small. No Mac compatibility.
0	Speaker volume is a moment depressed, and buttons are small. No Mac compatibility.
0	good looking,widely connected and easy to use
0	good looking,widely attached and easy to use
0	None, compared to other cameras in its class, but viewfinder could be better.
0	None, compared to other camera in its class, but viewfinder could be advantageously.
0	Poor picture quality, not a stand-alone unit to download pictures to computer
0	pitiful envision quality, not a stand-alone unit to download pictures to computer
0	print limits to 8x10 or smaller
0	print limits to 8x10 or small-scale
0	Haven't found any cons yet :)
0	Haven't see any cons yet :)
0	flash is blocked slightly with add on lenses 
0	flash is occlude slightly with add on lenses 
1	Picture Quality, Ease of use .
1	Picture prize, Ease of use .
1	Software, reception, features, display image quality
1	Software, reception, features, display look-alike quality
1	Great Resolution
1	Great resoluteness
0	Battery life is non existant!
0	Battery animation is non existant!
1	compact, easy directions, all around great
1	compact, easy directions, all around bang-up
1	A dream to drive, light, compact, quality all the way
1	A dream to drive, swooning, thickset, quality all the way
0	Cheap, No USB cable included.
0	chintzy, No USB cable included.
1	Pocketable, serious, rugged, inexpensive, good images
1	Pocketable, serious, rugged, inexpensive, good paradigm
0	not easily networkable
0	not easy networkable
0	none
0	none
0	basket is too small
0	basket is too minuscule
0	Having prints made can be expensive, so shop around
0	Having prints create can be expensive, so shop around
1	read below
1	understand below
0	none
0	none
1	Size of the phone. Features fits my needs for business
1	Size of the phone. Features tally my demand for business
0	It's bigger than the small cell phones today.
0	It's bigger than the modest cell phones today.
0	Voice activation not always reliable, awkward to hold.
0	Voice activation not always reliable, embarrassing to hold.
1	takes pictures
1	return pictures
0	Poor color print quality, interface problems, noisy, frequent and lengthy head cleaning procedure on startup
0	poor color print quality, interface problems, noisy, frequent and lengthy head strip procedure on inauguration
0	If you buy it in S. Korea all the instructions will be in Japanese.
0	If you buy it in sulfur. Korea all the didactics will be in Japanese.
0	short battery time
0	short-change battery time
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper feed, expensive in long run
0	slow, wretched quality, poor paper feed, expensive in long flow
1	Small, Easy To Use, Great LCD
1	Small, well-to-do To Use, Great LCD
1	Ease of use, size, great pictures, cool design
1	relieve of use, size, great pictures, cool design
1	Car seat, carrier and stroller in one!
1	Car seat, carrier and ambler in one!
1	Vivid pictures and photographic prints
1	Vivid scene and photographic prints
0	It is a piece  of junk
0	It is a pick  of junk
0	Joystick type control annoying at times.
0	Joystick type control teasing at times.
0	Easy to use
0	slowly to use
1	Dual mode tech gives you signal everywhere
1	Dual mode tech feed you signal everywhere
1	Hahaha! Fast! Colorful! 
1	Hahaha! dissipated! Colorful! 
1	Great photo quality, long life cartridges, and faster than most.
1	Great photo quality, hanker life cartridges, and immobile than most.
0	Spring wears out and dust behind the lcd.
0	recoil wears out and dust behind the lcd.
0	Yeah, I'd like to see YOU keep MY toddler in the standing position!
0	Yeah, I'd like to understand YOU keep MY toddler in the standing pose!
1	Fast voice recognition dialing
1	Fast voice credit dialing
0	price, resolution, storage drive
0	terms, resolution, storage drive
1	Great screen, nice form factor, tweakable software and reliable signal
1	Great cover, nice form factor, tweakable software and authentic signal
0	Battery life when using LCD, no zoom
0	Battery life when victimization LCD, no zoom
1	Attractive. Nice time display on the outside. Very thin. Nice screen.
1	Attractive. Nice time display on the outside. Very thin. skillful filmdom.
0	As stated above, the phone has really no cons.
0	equally stated above, the phone has really no cons.
0	Battery usage
0	Battery employment
1	Excellent color printing, versatile
1	first-class color printing, versatile
1	3.5 inch floppy
1	3.Phoebe inch floppy
1	1200x1200 res
1	1200x1200 Ra
1	This is a very versatile camera and takes very good pictures
1	This is a very versatile camera and conduct very good scene
0	Voice activation is hit and miss at times
0	Voice activation is hit and pretermit at times
1	takes great close-ups
1	takes big close-ups
1	easy to use, good pictures, affordable
1	soft to use, good pictures, affordable
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
0	Can't use it as a modem or channelise ringtones or wallpaper, weak external shield
0	A little heavy, poor battery life
0	A little heavy, poor battery aliveness
1	Small & Compact, Sleek, Stylish, Functional & Practical (During its Life Span), Some Good Features
1	pocket-sized & Compact, Sleek, Stylish, Functional & Practical (During its Life Span), about Good Features
1	65K Color Screen, Features, Weight, Signal Strength, Battery Life
1	65K coloration Screen, Features, Weight, Signal Strength, Battery Life
1	Large Screen, Voice Quality, Gimmick-free phone
1	Large test, Voice Quality, Gimmick-free phone
1	It is both a 2-way radio and a phone.
1	It is both a 2-way radiocommunication and a phone.
0	Reliability not that great, big and loud
0	Reliability not that heavy, big and loud
0	battery life in my area, poor coverage
0	battery life in my domain, poor coverage
1	reception, battery life, speaker phone
1	reception, battery life, speaker earpiece
1	Looks very good with its compact size and cute design
1	looking very right with its compact size and cute design
1	Excellent Laser Printer and Fax, Good Copier, Excellent Customer Service
1	splendid Laser Printer and Fax, undecomposed Copier, Excellent Customer Service
0	not that expensive
0	not that expensive
0	closer range would be nice
0	nearer range would be nice
0	doesn't come with wall power adapter, software could be better.
0	doesn't descend with wall ability adapter, software could be better.
1	Speed, cartridge life, price
1	Speed, cartridge living, price
0	More expensive....but no one else offers the floppy disk storage that makes this such a winner
0	More expensive....but no I else offer the floppy disk storage that attain this such a winner
0	Poor interface, poor repairs
0	Poor interface, poor haunt
0	Readylink not practical, battery life, quality of speaker phone, Not Durable!
0	Readylink not practical, battery life, quality of utterer sound, Not Durable!
1	Excellent picture quality. Ability to store pictures directly to CD.
1	Excellent characterization quality. Ability to storage pictures directly to CD.
0	Poor photo printing. Jams with envelopes. Ink dries slowly. 
0	hapless photo printing. Jams with envelopes. Ink dries slowly. 
1	True 4-color printing, good performance on plain paper
1	True 4-color printing, respectable performance on plain paper
0	I can't think of any to be honest
0	I can't think of any to be fair
1	cheap printer, good quality
1	cheap printer, adept quality
0	None, for some the antenna may be a problem.
0	None, for some the feeler may be a problem.
0	None significant
0	none significant
1	cheap camera
1	sleazy camera
0	Ring tones too quiet.  Vibrate is very weak and can't set it to both vibrate/ring.
0	halo tones too quiet.  Vibrate is very feeble and can't sic it to both vibrate/ring.
0	Paper feeding disaster
0	Paper feeding calamity
0	Battery stays charges for 60 minutes when used.
0	Battery stays thrill for 60 minutes when used.
1	Great Pictures. Ease of use. Great built in bonus features (passport size photos etc..)
1	nifty film. Ease of use. Great built in bonus features (passport size photos etc..)
0	Dial pad takes a while to adjust to, not many accessories are available (yet.
0	Dial pad accept a while to adjust to, not many accouterment are available (yet.
0	Takes long to focus, long time to charge flash, EATS batteries
0	have long to focus, long time to bearing flash, EATS batteries
1	Easy to use.
1	well-heeled to use.
1	looks, comfort of baby, reclining ability
1	bet, comfort of baby, reclining ability
1	Small, Light Weight, Takes Pictures
1	Small, scant Weight, Takes Pictures
0	everything.bad reception.no signal.  bad battery life.
0	everything.bad reception.no sign.  bad battery life.
1	long battery life (1 1/2 hrs)
1	long battery life (1 one/2 hrs)
1	tiny (fits in my handbag!), great quality, range of options&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	tiny (fits in my handbag!), great quality, cast of options&amp;#13;&amp;#decade;
1	Inexpensive, separate cartridges for colors, separate photo ink cartridges
1	Inexpensive, separate cartridges for tinge, separate photo ink cartridges
0	SLOW, loud, doesn't pull paper well, terrible picture quality
0	SLOW, loud, doesn't pull paper good, terrible picture quality
0	A Bit Pricey
0	A moment Pricey
1	Great picture quality, rechargable battery, view monitor
1	Great picture quality, rechargable battery, eyeshot monitor
1	Great non-flip, well featured phone with newer technology others will follow.
1	Great non-flip, well featured phone with novel technology others will trace.
0	A little slow
0	A minuscule slow
0	Funky Windows Software, small memory card, lens cap 
0	Funky Windows Software, small memory card, Lens cap 
1	great quality, fast print speed
1	great character, fast print speed
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
0	My carrier disabled the full feature hardening (OBEX).  "LOCATION" theatre is overlook in the calendar.
0	Cannot accept alkaline batteries, small included memory card.
0	Cannot accept alkaline batteries, small-scale included memory card.
0	Sounds Tinny, Poor Reception, Heats Up, Cheap Antenna, Battery dies quickly
0	Sounds tinny, Poor Reception, Heats Up, tatty Antenna, Battery dies quickly
1	Palm and Handheld in one unit
1	handle and Handheld in one unit
0	Can't see screen in sunlight, poor camera, bad buttons/joystick, frequent disconnects
0	Can't witness screen in sunlight, poor camera, bad push/joystick, frequent disconnects
1	The screen is fine.
1	The shield is fine.
0	Poor low-light focusing ability, power hungry
0	Poor low-light focusing ability, mogul hungry
0	8MB memory card is too small, No sound mains adapter, case, or video conferencing
0	8MB retention card is too small, No vocalise mains adapter, case, or video conferencing
0	4 way Nav. button is hard to use.  Batteries are expensive.
0	4 way Nav. button is knockout to utilization.  Batteries are expensive.
1	A solid camera phone with good sound quality!
1	A strong camera phone with good sound quality!
1	Reasonably priced.
1	sanely priced.
1	Excellent quality on color and black ink.
1	Excellent calibre on color and black ink.
1	Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
1	Compact, unbelievably feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line earpiece!!
1	Easy to use, Great Photos, Long Battery life, functionality
1	Easy to use, bully Photos, Long Battery life, functionality
1	Great quality color prints, large format for printing banners
1	bully quality color prints, large format for printing banners
1	Size, that's about it.
1	size, that's about it.
0	Trouble with initial set-up, slow to warm up.
0	Trouble with initial set-up, dense to warm up.
0	moving photos are harder to take, no manual focus
0	moving photos are harder to take, no manual centre
1	LIGHT WEIGHT, Durable,ALMOST STATIC FREE.
1	LIGHT weight, Durable,ALMOST STATIC FREE.
0	a little bulky, LCD panel is hard to see under bright conditions
0	a little bulky, LCD panel is heavy to experience under bright conditions
1	3 cupholders, it is a stroller/carseat/carrier
1	3 cupholders, it is a stroller/carseat/toter
0	battery life, one name/one number in phone book
0	battery lifespan, one name/one number in phone book
1	Neat camera and video.
1	corking camera and video.
0	slow
0	ho-hum
1	good printer, IS-22 compatable
1	undecomposed printer, IS-22 compatable
0	A little hard to maneuver in tight spaces.
0	A little hard to maneuver in closely spaces.
1	Ease of use.  Instructions.  Price.
1	Ease of use.  didactics.  Price.
1	Tiny size, very light, great screen, Nokia, good reception...
1	Tiny size, very light, great cover, Nokia, good reception...
1	Folds compactly, easy to load, very affordable
1	flexure compactly, easy to load, very affordable
0	had some problems x 3
0	had some problems x triad
1	Super quiet 2 sided printing
1	Super quiet deuce sided printing
0	Hefty Price Tag.
0	Hefty terms Tag.
0	Low sharpness, distortions in the zoom when wide screen, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;heavy for an camera
0	Low acuteness, distortions in the zoom when widely screen, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;intemperate for an camera
0	weight, look, feel, user interface
0	weight, look, spirit, user interface
1	Takes great pictures
1	convey great pictures
1	accu-feed paper handling to eliminate jams
1	accu-feed report handling to eliminate jams
1	1.great quality 2.cheap price 3.compact
1	1.great quality 2.punk price 3.compact
1	GREAT PRICE, GREAT DPI, FAST, GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE
1	GREAT PRICE, GREAT DPI, FAST, expectant CUSTOMER SERVICE
1	Easy to steer, easy to fold &amp; unfold lots of storage.
1	Easy to steer, soft to fold &amp; unfold spate of storage.
1	3x optical zoom, many camera features
1	3x optical zoom, many camera lineament
0	Some interface quirks, PCS Vision service pretty unreliable.
0	roughly interface quirks, PCS Vision service pretty unreliable.
1	Looks great, feels great, solid
1	Looks great, feels great, self-colored
1	GREAT features - lightweight, easy folding, basket, reclining, hood, high handles
1	corking features - lightweight, well-off folding, basket, reclining, hood, high handles
0	USB sometimes doesn't recognize on boot, ink can be pricey, USB cable NOT supplied
0	USB sometimes doesn't spot on boot, ink can be pricy, USB cable NOT supplied
0	Loud Speakerphone, No normal ringtones, Folder tone
0	Loud Speakerphone, No normal ringtones, Folder timber
1	Compact Size, Designed Well, Full of Features, IR Port
1	Compact Size, intentional Well, Full of Features, IR Port
0	Carrier is a bit heavy--but all models seem to be.  
0	Carrier is a spot heavy--but all poser seem to be.  
0	No MP3 or iTunes, some basic functions are subscription-only, sub-par instruction manual.
0	No MP3 or iTunes, some staple role are subscription-only, sub-par instruction manual.
0	speed
0	fastness
0	If you're a professional photographer, this camera is not for you.
0	If you're a master lensman, this camera is not for you.
0	hard to dial
0	intemperately to dial
1	USB connectivity, easy operation
1	USB connectivity, loose operation
0	None yet
0	None heretofore
1	Clear pics
1	clearly pics
1	Inexpensive, Easy to Use, USB/PC Interface Quick and Easy
1	Inexpensive, Easy to apply, USB/PC Interface Quick and sluttish
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft tickle
0	Doesn't print extremely fast, although it isn't slow either.
0	Doesn't impress extremely fast, although it isn't slow either.
0	Cartridges are slightly expensive (probably due to printer head built onto them).
0	Cartridges are slightly expensive (probably due to printer brain build onto them).
1	Easy to use, computer compatibility
1	Easy to function, computer compatibility
1	Small, lightweight, wonderful resolution and color, full of features and options.
1	Small, lightweight, wonderful resolution and gloss, full of feature and options.
0	Although the phone itself accepts ringtones, you CAN'T get them if you're a Verizon Customer!
0	Although the earpiece itself have ringtones, you CAN'T begin them if you're a Verizon Customer!
1	VERY little maintenance
1	VERY slight maintenance
0	Bulky to transport
0	Bulky to channel
0	Better get Ni-Cad batteries
0	improve get Ni-Cad batteries
0	Bulky, no optical zoom.
0	Bulky, no optical soar.
1	Great Photos/Floppy Storage
1	Great Photos/Floppy memory
0	Too confusing, poor reception, too fragile.
0	Too confusing, miserable reception, too fragile.
1	Inexpensive, fax capability
1	cheap, fax capability
0	need optional battery for vibra-alerts, and not that compact
0	need optional battery for vibra-alerts, and not that compendious
1	Great pictures, easy to use, macro and zoom
1	bang-up pictures, easy to use, macro and zoom
1	High quality, easy to use
1	High quality, well-heeled to use
0	After the novelty wears off-throw it away!
0	After the novelty wears off-throw it out!
0	Could have a place that holds more paper.
0	Could have a place that handgrip more paper.
1	NEVER HAVE TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR DEVELOPING
1	NEVER receive TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR DEVELOPING
1	Fine quality photos for under $300
1	Fine calibre photos for under $300
0	battery
0	bombardment
0	see review
0	image review
1	lens work well
1	lens run well
1	Improved display, improved menus, lightweight, lithium ion battery, lots of features
1	Improved display, improved menus, lightweight, lithium ion battery, destiny of boast
1	Hello Hewlett Packard
1	how-do-you-do Hewlett Packard
0	photo paper and ink refills or expensive unless you find good sales on the internet.
0	photo paper and ink refill or expensive unless you get just sales on the internet.
0	can hog large amounts of CPU leading to CPU hang times... may need to wait for printer to finish medium to complex jobs on low to mid range computers, price is a bit much for some budgets
0	can hog orotund amounts of CPU take to CPU hang times... may take to wait for printer to finish medium to complex jobs on dispirited to mid cast computer, price is a snatch much for some budgets
0	hard on battery use
0	punishing on battery use
0	no lens cap
0	no lens crown
0	slow
0	wearisome
1	don't have to buy and develop film, easy to use
1	don't have to buy and grow film, easy to function
1	Backlighting, clear reception, fewer dropped calls, excellent display
1	Backlighting, clear reception, fewer shed calls, excellent display
1	Easy for beginners to use
1	Easy for tyro to use
1	radio
1	wireless
0	Just wish it has WAP...
0	exactly wish it has WAP...
1	For the money, as well as a single footprint, it can't be beat.
1	For the money, as well as a bingle footprint, it can't be pulsation.
1	Price, Features, battery life
1	Price, sport, battery life
1	Great machine at a good price.
1	Great machine at a honest price.
0	I fear that this phone will get obsolete fast.
0	iodin fear that this phone will get obsolete fast.
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	Size, Clarity, sieve Size, extend Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	Great battery life, awesome games, compact, and durable.&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;
1	dandy battery aliveness, awesome games, compact, and durable.&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#niner;&#9;&#9;&#9;
0	The paper feed is a constant source of frustration. It does not work!
0	The paper feed is a ceaseless source of frustration. It does not bring!
1	Cheap, very easy to setup
1	Cheap, very wanton to setup
0	Phone book organization (though it might be just me)
0	Phone book governance (though it might be just me)
0	No viewfinder, charging battery little hectic, odd shape for carrying
0	No viewfinder, level battery little hectic, odd forge for carrying
0	High price may push consumers to less expensive models.
0	High price may push consumers to less expensive example.
1	Clear Speaker Phone, PCS Vision Capable, Color Screen, Blue Backlit Keys, Nice Keypad Layout
1	assoil Speaker Phone, PCS Vision Capable, Color Screen, Blue Backlit Keys, decent Keypad Layout
0	NO TECH SUPPORT AVAILABLE ANYMORE
0	NO TECH patronage AVAILABLE ANYMORE
1	Light weight, 6x optical zoom, easily connects to computers
1	Light weight, 6x optical zoom, easily connects to estimator
1	Cheap.
1	gimcrack.
0	Short battery-life, slow transfers to PC, does not remember settings
0	inadequate battery-life, slow transport to PC, does not remember settings
1	Stylish looking and sleek
1	fashionable looking and sleek
0	Picture blurry when you move slightly
0	Picture blurry when you movement slightly
0	No auto focus/lens cover, automatic flash not to my tastes. Lens pops out of focus.
0	no auto focus/lens hide, automatic flash not to my tastes. Lens pops out of direction.
1	Display, battery, bluetooth, design, features
1	Display, battery, bluetooth, design, lineament
1	American made, price, customer service
1	American gain, price, customer service
1	easy to operate
1	comfortable to operate
0	Annoying long and noisy preparation to any project, wastes ink
0	pesky long and noisy homework to any project, wastes ink
1	instant pictures, disc acceptance
1	instant figure, disc acceptance
0	I can't think of anything I don't like
0	I can't remember of anything I don't like
1	Light, attractive, lots of features
1	fall, attractive, lots of features
1	Excellent print quality
1	fantabulous print quality
0	my finger gets in the pic frame, no carry bag
0	my finger gets in the pic frame, no express suitcase
0	none!
0	none!
1	Affordable and durable.
1	Affordable and long-wearing.
1	Inexpensive, Well rounded, Good Battery Life
1	Inexpensive, Well rounded, commodity Battery Life
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	Big screen for a cell, effective battery life, solve display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	Great pictures, corrects red eye problem in Coolpix2500, compact and stores loads of pictures
1	capital pictures, corrects red eye problem in Coolpix2500, compact and stores shipment of pictures
0	Too little space to answer
0	Too minuscule space to answer
1	Blue Screen Outstanding Voice Quality, Flexible.GPRS,Bluetooth, And Software
1	aristocratic Screen Outstanding Voice timber, Flexible.GPRS,Bluetooth, And Software
1	Easy setup, easy use, fantastic photo prints!
1	Easy setup, comfortable use, fantastic photo prints!
1	Design, build quality, battery life, sound quality
1	Design, build quality, battery life, go quality
1	Unbeatable output
1	invincible output
0	Need to download extra software to run some videos and pictures
0	take to download extra software to endure some videos and pictures
0	can be tricky to learn how to use
0	can be crafty to learn how to use
1	easy to use, great quality
1	easy to use, capital quality
1	Amazing lens from Carl Ziess! 5 megapixels to work with! A 5X zoom!
1	amaze lens from Carl Ziess! 5 megapixels to operate with! A 5X zoom!
0	none
0	none
1	Cute, fits easily into pants pockets, makes you look and feel cool. That's about it.
1	Cute, agree easily into pants pockets, get you aspect and feel cool. That's about it.
0	Speed, quality, .........
0	Speed, lineament, .........
1	very durable,great features.
1	very durable,bang-up features.
0	You'll want to pick up a bigger memory card and rechargeable AA batteries
0	You'll need to pick up a adult memory card and rechargeable AA batteries
0	only one seat adjustment, limited sun-screening
0	only one seat adjustment, limit sun-screening
0	antenna could be stronger, short battery life, can't download custom rings.
0	antenna could be stronger, unawares battery life, can't download custom skirt.
1	Simple, easy to use
1	unsubdivided, easy to use
0	a bit pricey
0	a second pricey
1	small, light
1	small, low-cal
0	Software supplied does not seem very good
0	Software supplied does not seem very estimable
0	none
0	none
1	Did I tell you about the floppy disks?
1	make I tell you about the floppy disks?
0	drink holders don't work very well
0	drink holders don't work very good
0	Inconsistent quality.  Not so easy interface.  Somewhat large in comparison to other digital cameras.
0	Inconsistent quality.  not so easy interface.  Somewhat large in comparability to other digital cameras.
1	really convenient,cute as can be
1	very convenient,cute as can be
1	fast, high quality printing, cheap, USB, excellent paper feed
1	fast, high quality print, cheap, USB, excellent paper feed
1	2x optical zoom, internal lens cover, basic and easy to understand controls
1	2x optical zoom, internal lens underwrite, basic and easy to understand mastery
1	small, very nice looking, and clear
1	small, very nice looking, and solve
1	good design, easy to use
1	good design, easy to exercise
1	Awesome graphic results!, Awesome graphic results!, Awesome graphic results!
1	Awesome graphic results!, amazing graphic results!, Awesome graphic results!
1	Inexpensive, upgradable
1	cheap, upgradable
1	very affordable
1	very low-cost
1	Good price, easy to use
1	good price, easy to use
0	Blurry and out of focus in low light, barrel sticks out too far.
0	Blurry and out of focus in scummy lighting, barrel sticks out too far.
0	Small buttons, advance features under many menus, screen hard to read in bright sunlight.
0	belittled buttons, advance features under many fare, screen hard to read in bright sunlight.
1	Quiet, fast, looks nice
1	Quiet, fast, expression nice
1	Convenient, Windows/Mac compatible
1	Convenient, Windows/mackintosh compatible
1	Very lightweight, Kewl Features, Excellent Phone... All Outweigh the Cons&#13;&#10;
1	really lightweight, Kewl Features, Excellent Phone... All Outweigh the flimflam&#13;&#10;
0	price of the ink cartridges
0	price of the ink cartridge
0	Cheaply made. Dies after 2 weeks. Too hot to hold after 10 minutes
0	Cheaply made. Dies after 2 weeks. excessively hot to defend after 10 minutes
1	far cheaper than lots of film and developing
1	far cheaper than lots of flick and developing
1	Easy and great pictures almost every shot
1	easygoing and great pictures almost every shot
1	small, lightweight, excellent photo quality, comes with rechargeable batteries, color, black and white or panoramic shots
1	small, lightweight, excellent photo character, comes with rechargeable batteries, colouring, black and Caucasian or panoramic shots
1	Good print quality, 
1	unspoilt print quality, 
1	Small, lightweight, feature loaded, protected LCD, and integrated lens cover.
1	Small, lightweight, feature dilute, protected LCD, and integrated lens treat.
1	High quality printouts, beautiful graphics, Quiet operation, Easy to set up.
1	High quality printouts, beautiful graphics, quieten operation, Easy to Set up.
1	Many cool options, Great sound, Easy to use
1	Many cool options, keen sound, Easy to use
1	Reception is GREAT!
1	reception is GREAT!
1	Excellent value camera with many great features.
1	Excellent value camera with many enceinte features.
1	cheap
1	bum
1	Great quality pics. Very easy to use.  No mistakes
1	Great quality pics. Very soft to use.  No mistakes
1	Not too many.
1	non too many.
0	Ink consumption, no parallel port
0	Ink consumption, no parallel embrasure
1	great for basic text use, inexpensive, durable
1	slap-up for basic text use, inexpensive, durable
0	short battery life
0	dead battery life
1	Color screen, camera attachment, weight, features, voice dial, Fast GPRS data transfer, memo recorder
1	colouration screen, camera attachment, weight, features, spokesperson dial, Fast GPRS data transfer, memo recorder
1	Very Good for home office use.
1	Very Good for home post use.
1	Good stills, MPEG, light, convenient
1	Good stills, MPEG, illumine, convenient
1	Great small size, easy to use.
1	Great small size, easy to expend.
1	fast print for it's size, multifunction
1	tight print for it's size, multifunction
1	  Easy to use.  Stylish.
1	  Easy to apply.  Stylish.
1	Handle switches front to back.
1	Handle switch front to back.
1	Solid Motorola Design. Great Features. Excellent Reception with a reliable provider.
1	upstanding Motorola Design. dandy Features. Excellent Reception with a reliable provider.
1	bright backlight, intuitive text input, PIM, voice dialing, auto answer, speakerphone
1	bright backlight, intuitive textbook input, PIM, interpreter dialing, auto answer, speakerphone
1	Good reception, LCD clear and well laid-out, easy to learn.
1	soundly reception, LCD sack and well laid-out, easy to learn.
1	ease of use
1	ease of utilization
1	-Size
1	-size
1	Floppy disks
1	Floppy record
1	comfortable, nice looking and easy to use
1	comfortable, nice looking and well-heeled to use
0	Durability, Battery Life
0	Durability, bombardment Life
0	not always portrait quality (but close)
0	not always portrait quality (but faithful)
1	Great reception, good menu, nice size.
1	Great reception, good menu, prissy size.
0	Jutting antenna, screen too small for web browsing
0	Jutting feeler, screen too small for web browsing
0	Eats batteries
0	eats batteries
0	doesn't deal well with glare, no depth of field, pictures grainy and/or fuzzy at full resolution- good for web work only
0	doesn't pot well with blaze, no depth of field, pictures grainy and/or fuzzy at full resolution- unspoiled for web study only
0	ATT carrier in the city
0	ATT mailman in the city
0	low dpi, Prints slow, Un-reliable
0	low dpi, Prints wearisome, Un-reliable
0	Horrid, selfish software
0	hideous, selfish software
1	Great coverage, very light, lots of features
1	Great coverage, very light, sight of features
1	Cheap, ergonomic shape, menu easy to navigate, good selection of graphics and ringtones-very personalizable
1	Cheap, ergonomic build, menu easy to navigate, honest selection of graphics and ringtones-very personalizable
1	Versatile, Feature-Packed, Solid Double 3 MegaPixel camera.  MusicCenter (mp3player, fm-radio), Video recorder & player
1	Versatile, Feature-Packed, unanimous Double 3 MegaPixel camera.  MusicCenter (mp3player, fm-radio), Video registrar & player
1	Cheap, Simple, Easy to Use, Has a Camera if You Need One
1	sleazy, Simple, well-heeled to Use, Has a Camera if You Need One
0	Some features can't be accessed by software if Windows XP. No paper manual.
0	about feature can't be accessed by software if Windows XP. No paper manual.
0	No call display on outside of case, limited ring tones, no voice activated dialing
0	No address display on outside of case, limited ring tones, no representative activated dialing
1	Cheap Printer, Good Win98 Support
1	Cheap Printer, expert Win98 Support
0	Design is a little dorkey for us macho geeks
0	design is a little dorkey for us macho geeks
1	cheap refurbished ink save lots of money over time
1	cheap refurbished ink save lots of money over meter
1	Ease of use, Quality of images and videos
1	rest of use, Quality of images and videos
1	All in one features
1	All in unmatched features
1	Inexpensive, simple to use, reasonably fast, quiet, compact, and produces superior quality print
1	Inexpensive, simple to practice, reasonably fast, quiet, compact, and create superior quality print
1	Easy to fold, lightweight, lots of cup holder, front feeder tray, big basket
1	wanton to fold, lightweight, lots of cup holder, front feeder tray, crowing basket
0	a little bulky
0	a niggling bulky
1	features, price, size
1	sport, price, size
0	Price
0	terms
1	Send/receive data via phone's infrared port to other IR-equipped handheld devices such as Palm
1	ship/get data via phone's infrared porthole to other IR-equipped handheld devices such as Palm
0	No calendar/PIM, Lack of shortcuts
0	nobelium calendar/PIM, Lack of shortcuts
1	Looks great
1	seem great
0	size
0	sizing
0	Prints look too light, no network adapter
0	Prints look too light, no network adaptor
0	Disappointing memory and screen size
0	disappointing memory and screen size
0	roaming distance is shorter than most
0	roaming outdistance is shorter than most
0	In a word reliabilty
0	IN a word reliabilty
0	Inaccurate viewfinder, "dark" photos, image distortion/vignetting at wide angle, silly panorama mode, unreliable card
0	Inaccurate viewfinder, "iniquity" picture, look-alike distortion/vignetting at wide angle, silly panorama mode, unreliable card
1	Read on!
1	interpret on!
1	Great Resolution, Good exposure, indoors and out. Exceptional Battery Life 
1	Great Resolution, practiced exposure, indoors and out. surpassing Battery Life 
0	Expensive ink cartridges
0	expensive ink cartridges
0	everything else
0	everything else
1	Excellent Screen, Great Price, Compact and Stylish (both color and shape)
1	Excellent Screen, neat Price, Compact and Stylish (both color and physique)
1	Sharp output, fast speed
1	Sharp output, fast zip
0	Misses many SMS messages.  Inaudible alert tone.  Poor S.E. Michigan web coverage.
0	Misses many SMS messages.  Inaudible alert flavor.  Poor S.eastward. Michigan web coverage.
1	Swell buy for the price, 
1	swell buy for the price, 
0	The speed could be a little better
0	The rush could be a little better
0	Inaccurate viewfinder, slightly slow
0	Inaccurate viewfinder, slightly decelerate
1	Inexpensive, sharp color printing
1	Inexpensive, needlelike color printing
1	Lightweight, great quality, no antenna, color screen, great battery, cheap price
1	Lightweight, great quality, no antenna, color screen, swell battery, tacky price
1	many features, great quality
1	many features, swell quality
0	Low light resolution, menu dial a bit hairy, memory
0	humble light resolution, menu dial a bit hairy, memory
1	It looked nice, and Speakerphone should be on more phones.
1	It look squeamish, and Speakerphone should be on more phones.
0	image quality, color is disgusting
0	effigy quality, color is disgusting
1	Fit for professional uses
1	Fit for professional use
0	Proprietary Memory Stick, battery life.
0	Proprietary Memory gravel, battery life.
1	I can personalize my phone as much as I want.
1	single can personalize my phone as much as iodine want.
1	easy to use, great quality of documents
1	easy to use, groovy quality of documents
0	Worthless as a scanner - the software STILL doesn't work with Win2000 
0	Worthless as a scanner - the software placid doesn't operate with Win2000 
1	Quality, speed, price.
1	Quality, fastness, price.
0	Needs to be upgraded right out of the box
0	Needs to be upgraded mightily out of the box
0	Cost and volume in noisy areas.
0	Cost and mass in noisy areas.
1	Outer LCD display, comfortable design, compact, Tri-Mode, voice dialing
1	Outer LCD display, comfortable invention, compact, Tri-Mode, voice dialing
1	Great connectivity, easy to sync contacts, great signal strength (AT&T Carrier, GSM), great aesthetics!
1	enceinte connectivity, easy to sync contacts, great signal specialty (AT&T newsboy, GSM), great aesthetics!
0	Non intuitive controls, no zoom, and tends to over or underexpose pictures
0	Non intuitive control, no zoom, and tends to over or underexpose scene
0	No camera, non-flip, price?
0	no camera, non-flip, price?
0	Poorly made for a Nokia, flawed screen.
0	Poorly stimulate for a Nokia, flawed screen.
0	not as fast as claimed
0	not as dissipated as claimed
1	THE camera for the active lifestyle.
1	THE camera for the active life-style.
0	i print too much
0	i mark too much
0	none yet
0	none hitherto
1	Features, image quality, ease of use
1	Features, image quality, relieve of use
1	Quality &amp;amp; value
1	Quality &A;amp; value
0	A little slow, occasional software problems and hard to figure out.
0	A little slow, occasional software problems and laborious to name out.
0	lack of resolution in enlargements
0	lack of solving in enlargements
1	It was inexpensive and came with a rebate.
1	It was inexpensive and get with a rebate.
1	long battery, wide angle zoom, external flash hotshoe on-board the camera, excellent lens
1	long battery, wide angle zoom, extraneous blink hotshoe on-board the camera, excellent lens
1	rechargable batteries, can record video + audio, all metal body, full manual mode, brighter colors
1	rechargable batteries, can disc TV + audio, all metal body, full manual mode, brighter colors
0	Feels flimsy, max volume too low, overpriced.
0	spirit flimsy, max volume too low, overpriced.
1	good price
1	unspoiled price
1	Quality, Reliability, easy driver install.
1	prime, Reliability, easy driver install.
1	Great sound, improved reception, easy to use, very cool, Data capable
1	Great sound, improved reception, promiscuous to role, very cool, Data capable
1	Small (for the US), sleek, one good game, intuitive to use.
1	low (for the US), sleek, I good game, intuitive to use.
1	Light, easy to use, crisp pictures, versatile
1	light-colored, easy to use, crisp pictures, versatile
1	Easy to use and navigate.  This phone is a great asset
1	well-situated to use and navigate.  This phone is a neat asset
1	Real fun toy, and cute too
1	material fun toy, and cute too
0	price
0	Price
0	Battery life
0	Battery aliveness
1	Small
1	low
1	Email is useful. From my computer, I  email my grocery shopping list to myself.
1	Email is useful. From my computer, I  netmail my grocery shopping inclination to myself.
1	LOW PRICE ONLINE!!!
1	down PRICE ONLINE!!!
0	none!
0	none!
0	Takes a while to get pictures onto computer
0	Takes a while to get fancy onto computer
1	size, appearance, and features.  A winner.
1	size, show, and features.  A winner.
0	A bit loud/paper pulling problem
0	A bit loud/paper force problem
0	Overly sensitive to water, Blue Back-Lighting drains battery quickly.
0	Overly sensitive to water, puritanical Back-Lighting drains battery quickly.
1	Takes excellent photos, convenient storage on disks, works with both PC and Macs
1	Takes excellent photos, convenient warehousing on record, works with both PC and Macs
1	Compact, can get 2 for 1 deal, two way radio, good antenna, great for babysitting
1	Compact, can get 2 for one cope, two way radio, unspoiled antenna, great for babysitting
0	No web access. :(
0	No network access. :(
1	Nice looks, plenty functions.
1	Nice looking, plenty functions.
0	Toner expense
0	toner expense
1	Compact, fast, sleek, price, colors, battery, Ni-MH, features, 16MB, interface, LCD, protected-lens, 3x, movies!
1	Compact, fast, flowing, price, colors, bombardment, Ni-MH, features, 16MB, interface, LCD, protected-lens, 3x, movies!
1	Value, Quality, Design
1	Value, Quality, conception
0	Drivers conflict with Internet, Fax Option Dropped
0	Drivers conflict with Internet, facsimile Option Dropped
1	Excellent phone with great reception and ergonomics and simple to use.
1	Excellent phone with bang-up reception and ergonomics and simple to manipulation.
1	Awsome signal, exceptional battery life, light weight, small, & fun fun fun
1	Awsome point, exceptional battery life, ignitor weight, small, & fun fun fun
1	Good Reception, Very Durable, Blue Lighted Screen and Number Pad.
1	Good Reception, Very Durable, Blue illuminated Screen and number Pad.
0	Terrible Customer Service, Ink cartridges
0	abominable Customer Service, Ink cartridges
1	Great battery life and super speakerphone
1	Great battery animation and super speakerphone
1	great photo reproduction
1	outstanding photo reproduction
0	Stub attenna doesn't get as good reception as regular attenna.  Battery use annoying sometimes.
0	Stub attenna doesn't get as good reception as regular attenna.  barrage use vex sometimes.
1	2xAAs,USB,NTSC Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic lense cover,aluminium case
1	2xAAs,USB,NTSC Videos-sound, Semi pro, robotlike lense masking,aluminium case
1	Not too expensive, takes decent pictures.
1	Not too expensive, need decent pictures.
0	NONE!
0	none!
1	Nice size.  No external antenna to easily break.
1	Nice size.  No external antenna to easily jailbreak.
0	Probably better (more expensive)cameras available for experienced or serious buffs.
0	Probably dependable (more expensive)cameras available for experienced or unplayful buffs.
1	It's very stylish and the ring tones are cool.
1	It's very stylish and the ring tincture are cool.
1	FLOPPY DISK !!!!!, durable
1	FLOPPY saucer !!!!!, durable
0	Not compatible with Microsoft XP; 123 batteries expensive.
0	Not compatible with Microsoft XP; 123 shelling expensive.
1	Great value; Dependable print capacity; User-friendly; Simple installation
1	Great treasure; Dependable print capacity; User-friendly; Simple installation
0	Bulky, Unreliable file reading
0	Bulky, Unreliable charge reading
1	Great Games & Extras
1	large Games & Extras
1	Simple, fast, good quality
1	Simple, fast, good select
1	size and style make it a great phone
1	size and style hold it a great phone
1	light weight and uses a floppy disc
1	light weight and utilise a floppy disc
0	easy to put fingerprints on lens, you have to flip the lens everytime.
0	easy to pose fingerprints on lens, you have to switch the lens everytime.
0	slow scanner
0	easy scanner
1	Beautiful screen.
1	Beautiful concealment.
0	Doesn't print too often.
0	Doesn't print too frequently.
1	Easy to take pictures, CompactFlash memory cards make it simple to move pics to PCs
1	Easy to take pictures, CompactFlash memory wit make it simple to motion photograph to PCs
1	Small, features, price, ok reception
1	minuscule, features, price, ok reception
0	doesn't handle cardstock or thicker envelopes well
0	doesn't wield cardstock or thicker envelopes well
1	Great options for the money
1	Great selection for the money
1	style,not overloaded with useless features
1	panache,not overloaded with useless features
0	None
0	none
0	Slow transmition from camera to pc. Low batery life (use rechargabes)
0	Slow transmition from camera to pc. downhearted batery sprightliness (use rechargabes)
0	Bad performance on contrast
0	sorry performance on contrast
1	USB, high res, large memory
1	USB, heights res, large memory
0	Wish I could find a camera that does elapse time frames.
0	Wish I could discover a camera that does elapse time anatomy.
1	Fast, Precise, High Quality
1	Fast, Precise, High lineament
1	Great for  and pics of intricate items as well as photos
1	capital for  and pics of intricate items as well as exposure
1	mini movies,sound, uses disks, 14x zoom
1	mini pic,sound, uses disks, 14x zoom
1	Convenient, easy to use, good swivel lens options, overall respectable results.
1	Convenient, easy to role, good swivel lense options, overall respectable results.
1	Price into free fall,cheap if you can find one. A really good cell phone.
1	Price into free decline,cheap if you can find unity. A really estimable cell phone.
0	Print Cartridge Replacement cost ,Cheesy software bundle
0	Print Cartridge Replacement cost ,cheesy software bundle
1	good signal nice overall phone
1	good signalize nice overall phone
0	the infant car seat design is poor, tray pops off easily
0	the infant car seat designing is pitiful, tray pops off easily
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, easy maneuver
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, well-off maneuver
1	Sturdy, excellent pictures, LCD viewfinder, design.
1	Sturdy, excellent flick, LCD viewfinder, design.
0	Proprietary Battery; Inaccurate Viewfinder; 8MB Memory
0	Proprietary Battery; Inaccurate viewfinder; 8MB Memory
1	Attractive, good size, easy to navigate, great volume, and more...
1	Attractive, undecomposed size, easy to pilot, great volume, and more...
0	Few, if any
0	few, if any
1	Cool looking, lightweight, good features
1	Cool looking, lightweight, ripe features
0	EXPENSIVE; only works with Sprint's PCS service; takes some getting used to.
0	EXPENSIVE; only works with Sprint's PCS service; issue some mother used to.
0	top-heavy & awkward at times
0	top-heavy & uneasy at times
1	Contains a printer, scanner, and color copier all in one machine
1	contain a printer, scanner, and colorise copier all in one machine
0	Ringtones arent very loud. Would like a louder external speaker.
0	Ringtones arent very loud. Would ilk a garish external speaker.
1	Easy to set up, high quality print good windows drivers
1	Easy to set up, richly quality print goodness windows drivers
0	annoying small problems
0	vexation small problems
1	Great price, good quality
1	corking price, good quality
0	Battery life could be better.  Can't Lock the phone.
0	Battery life could be undecomposed.  Can't Lock the phone.
1	Nice design, great value.
1	Nice design, corking value.
0	Digital-only single-band phone (no analog roaming); may be useless in an emergency
0	Digital-only single-band earpiece (no analog stray); may be useless in an emergency
1	Very good zoom lens, good images in high contrast situations
1	Very good zoom lens, honest prototype in high contrast situations
1	text and image quality
1	text and image timbre
1	good price
1	good cost
0	Printer driver (Mac) not the best, expensive cartridges.
0	Printer driver (Mac) not the unspoilt, expensive cartridges.
0	Earpiece heats up
0	Earpiece wake up
0	No Flash, Poor Low Light Quality
0	No Flash, Poor Low Light character
1	Great pictures, oots of possibilities
1	swell pictures, oots of possibilities
0	gets warm against your ear, default wheel of fortune menu.
0	scram warm against your ear, default wheel of luck menu.
1	Great print quality, reliable and easy to set up. 
1	Great print quality, reliable and easy to do up. 
1	Easy interface, decent battery time
1	easy interface, decent battery time
0	Vibration weak, only works at max volume. Screen broke after a year.
0	Vibration weak, only works at max intensity. Screen relegate after a year.
1	Great extra feature like Calendar, Alarm and PROFILES!!!
1	Great supernumerary feature like Calendar, Alarm and PROFILES!!!
0	Fragile, unreliable, buggy O/S, disappointment overall.
0	tenuous, unreliable, buggy O/S, disappointment overall.
1	Solid comfortable case, nice screen and awesome features
1	Solid comfortable type, nice screen and awesome features
1	Excellent functionality/features, very good image quality
1	Excellent functionality/feature, very good image quality
1	Light weight, well padded, very roomy, beautiful fabric...
1	Light weight, well padded, very roomy, beautiful cloth...
1	Easy to use, with good quality prints.
1	Easy to use, with adept quality prints.
0	Battery door feels flimsy.
0	Battery doorway feels flimsy.
0	Can be expensive if you don't buy a display model
0	throne be expensive if you don't buy a display simulation
1	Fast and trouble free
1	dissolute and trouble free
1	USB and parallel ports for easy printer sharing
1	USB and parallel porthole for easy printer sharing
0	very slow and ink does not last long
0	very slow and ink does not last retentive
1	Print Quality, Print Manager, Print Options
1	Print Quality, Print Manager, mark Options
0	not great for indoor shooting, a starter camera in some ways
0	not bang-up for indoor pip, a starter camera in some ways
0	Not really fast printing, capacity for only two cartridges
0	Not really degenerate printing, capacity for only two cartridges
1	small size, good games, lots of rings, battery life w/standby.
1	small size, good games, lots of call, battery lifespan w/standby.
1	Great quality
1	corking quality
0	I can't find any, it's a great camera
0	I can't find any, it's a enceinte camera
0	Size, Price
0	size, Price
1	Microdrive is great, large number of pixels, and normal feel to the camera
1	Microdrive is enceinte, large number of pixels, and normal find to the camera
0	large size but works well
0	heavy size but works well
0	no AC adapter, 8 MB (only) card
0	no AC adapter, 8 MB (only) poster
0	Not the best photo quality, small internal memory
0	Not the easily photo quality, small internal memory
1	Extremely reliable, medium cool factor for younger people
1	Extremely reliable, medium coolheaded factor for younger people
0	no voice calling, no profiles
0	no spokesperson calling, no profiles
0	Pictures are HORRIBLY blurry
0	image are HORRIBLY blurry
0	no storage
0	no repositing
0	sometimes hard to hear if you are in a noisy area
0	sometimes intemperately to learn if you are in a noisy area
1	photo-lab quality
1	photo-lab choice
1	size, voice activated dialing, ease of use
1	size, sound activated dialing, ease of use
0	Control Button used in menu options takes some getting used to.
0	Control Button utilise in menu options takes some suffer used to.
0	none
0	none
1	great color, inexpensive
1	great tinge, inexpensive
0	Ugly Case that cost extra.&#13;&#10;No expansion module slot.
0	Ugly event that cost additional.&#13;&#10;No expansion module slot.
1	Good battery life, excellent picture quality. Zoom looking to be reliable.
1	sound battery lifespan, excellent picture quality. Zoom looking to be reliable.
0	none
0	none
1	affordable and great for the beginner
1	affordable and expectant for the beginner
1	Plentiful features, long battery life, simple operation
1	Plentiful features, hanker battery life, simple operation
1	lightweight, screen on front cover
1	lightweight, riddle on front cover
0	Fairly expensive cartridges.
0	fairly expensive cartridges.
0	Prints extremely slowly; low print quality; breaks easily
0	Prints extremely slowly; depressed print quality; breaks easily
0	Lens cap comes off too easy.  Easily lost
0	lense cap comes off too easy.  Easily lost
0	Very Slow and Very Loud, Runs out of ink very quickly
0	Very Slow and Very flashy, trial out of ink very quickly
1	Features capability to print with or without computer read to learn of more great features.
1	Features potentiality to print with or without computer study to learn of more swell features.
1	Nice design, abundance of options, games included
1	overnice design, abundance of options, games included
0	Not very many faceplate options
0	Not very many faceplate pick
0	cheap
0	inexpensive
1	Great features
1	groovy features
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super vocalise acknowledgment software
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
1	Superb picture quality.  Comfortable design.  USB connection = fast downloads.  Low-light shutter function!
1	Superb visualize quality.  Comfortable design.  USB connexion = fast downloads.  Low-light shutter function!
0	good not great battery, small keypad needs getting-used-to, easy to block reception with hand.
0	good not majuscule battery, small keypad demand getting-used-to, easy to block reception with hand.
0	Hot pixel problem. Wandering auto-focus.
0	Hot pel problem. Wandering auto-focus.
1	Great camera to learn more about photography.
1	gravid camera to learn more about photography.
0	Battery cover seems rather loose
0	Battery screen seems rather loose
0	Battery life, fragile antenna, slow software, very few "perks".
0	Battery life, fragile antenna, slowly software, very few "perks".
0	1.9 GHz only, expensive extras if you want to synch with computer
0	1.9 GHz only, expensive duplicate if you want to synch with estimator
0	Serial Connection
0	consecutive Connection
0	none
0	none
0	poor battery life and difficult user interface
0	poor battery life-time and difficult user interface
1	All Round Good Printer
1	All pear-shaped Good Printer
0	Need to study the protocols carefully, needs accessories, needs optical zoom
0	Need to sketch the protocols carefully, needs accessories, require optical zoom
1	Color screen, awesome reception, small, good feature set
1	Color screen, awesome reception, small, ripe feature set
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, decent image quality
1	inexpensive, easy to use, decent image quality
1	fast clear printed photos and cards; individual ink cartridges; very economical to use.
1	riotous clear printed photos and cards; individual ink cartridges; very economical to apply.
0	none
0	none
0	No non-digital zoom, lacks bells and whistles. Slow data X-fer and save.
0	No non-digital zoom, lacks bells and whistles. sluggish data X-fer and economize.
0	Battery life
0	Battery liveliness
0	Over priced, HUGE camera, heavy, film is expensive, battery life 
0	Over priced, HUGE camera, arduous, film is expensive, battery aliveness 
1	high ink volume, extremely fast
1	high ink book, extremely fast
0	short battery life, fragile to carry around
0	myopic battery life, fragile to carry around
0	Print quality on plain paper, operating costs.
0	Print quality on plain paper, operating toll.
0	Battery life, reception problems, too small for some hands, price
0	Battery life, reception problems, too pocket-sized for some reach, price
1	Fast,reliable,easy to use,produces excellent results
1	Fast,reliable,easy to use,create excellent results
1	Good Print Speed, nice quility, clean text and picture, price,
1	Good Print Speed, nice quility, clean text and fancy, damage,
1	Good Photo quality printing
1	practiced Photo quality printing
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	groovy features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	Large interior screen, size, QWERTY keyboard
1	Large national screen, size, QWERTY keyboard
1	light, cheap, macro shots, 
1	swooning, cheap, macro shots, 
1	stylish, strong marketing
1	stylish, inviolable marketing
1	Colorful and Affordable
1	Colorful and low-cost
0	none
0	none
1	cheap, good quality
1	cheap, effective quality
0	Disk access time is horrible with floppy or memory stick adapter.
0	platter access time is horrible with floppy or memory stay adapter.
0	Has lots of features, but there could be more
0	Has tons of features, but there could be more
1	Great signal.
1	bang-up signal.
1	Very small compact design, fast shutter response time, great quality photos.
1	Very humble compact design, fast shutter response time, great caliber photos.
1	Great print quality, great price, toner saver feature
1	Great print prize, great price, toner saver feature
1	Decent camera, decent price
1	decent camera, decent price
0	none really.
0	none rattling.
1	Nice color matching, Low cost, Compact(compared to most),Tight type.
1	Nice color rival, Low cost, thickset(compared to most),Tight type.
1	Looks great, Provides Great service, Thin, awesome display!
1	Looks great, Provides outstanding service, Thin, awesome display!
1	I'm impressed!  Photo quality prints w/o cutting paper in seconds.  Everyone should have one!
1	I'm ingrain!  Photo quality prints wolfram/o cutting paper in seconds.  Everyone should have 1!
0	price, not as durable as it could be
0	price, not as long-lasting as it could be
0	My broke after only a few months
0	My infract after only a few months
1	Print Quality, Flexibility, Speed
1	Print Quality, Flexibility, swiftness
1	Great text and photo output on special paper; Cheap; Lots of driver customizations
1	Great text and photo output on extra paper; Cheap; circle of driver customizations
1	Excellent picture printing quality, fast and quiet printer 9ppm/~8ppm color on economode, low cost and great bang for your buck, good ink economy, and same print engine as 950 and 970 series printer (for the most part)
1	Excellent picture printing quality, quick and smooth printer 9ppm/~8ppm vividness on economode, low cost and cracking bolt for your buck, safe ink economy, and same print engine as 950 and 970 series printer (for the most break)
1	Cost and quality
1	Cost and character
0	EVERYTHING
0	EVERYTHING
1	see above.
1	picture above.
1	great deal for money
1	great mess for money
1	Affordable, high quality pictures and text, fold up paper tray.
1	Affordable, high quality figure and text, sheepcote up paper tray.
0	bad for night photos; LCD hard to see with daylight glare; 
0	bad for nighttime photograph; LCD hard to see with daylight glare; 
0	Sound quality is awful
0	Sound quality is horrendous
1	Easy to use, sounds clear, Tri-mode phone
1	Easy to function, sounds clear, Tri-mode phone
0	Buttons are kind of small.
0	Buttons are kind of pocket-sized.
1	COLOR SCREEN! Unconventional and cool flip style.  Versatility. PCS Vision enabled. Speakerphone.
1	COLOR sort! Unconventional and cool tack style.  Versatility. PCS Vision enabled. Speakerphone.
0	Software o bit clunky. Lack of complete paper users manual
0	Software o bit clunky. Lack of discharge theme users manual
1	The first ever COLORED Cell Phone!!!
1	The first ever COLORED Cell earphone!!!
1	Haven't found any yet.
1	Haven't found any even.
0	Proprietary memory , proprietary battery, slightly hard to press shutter release, low-powered flash
0	Proprietary memory , proprietary battery, slightly hard to iron shutter release, low-powered gaudy
1	Inexpensive, Quicker if not better than scanning pictures
1	Inexpensive, ready if not better than scanning pictures
0	A little bulky. Screen graphics geared to toward the "youth" market.
0	A picayune bulky. concealment graphics geared to toward the "youth" market.
0	software bugs, bulky in pocket, buttons wear quickly
0	software bugs, bulky in pocket, buttons bear quickly
1	Color Screen, Battery Life!, Brightness, Easy Navagation, Caller ID display on the outside!
1	Color riddle, Battery Life!, luminance, Easy Navagation, Caller ID display on the outside!
1	*Many functions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Good battery usage for the three AAA batteries.
1	*Many functions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*unspoiled battery usage for the tierce AAA batteries.
0	none!
0	none!
0	No voice dial or memo, no call grouping, phonebook will not hold addresses
0	No representative dial or memo, no call grouping, phonebook will not clutch addresses
0	lack of downloadable ring tones and pictures
0	lack of downloadable skirt tones and pictures
0	It's pretty big - takes up quite a bit of space on my desk.
0	It's pretty big - subscribe up quite a sting of space on my desk.
0	paper jams and misfeeds
0	paper throng and misfeeds
1	Great Price, packed with features
1	swell Price, packed with features
1	color screen, great reception, small and compact
1	color screen, great receipt, small and compact
1	Nice size and heft, panorama shots.
1	overnice size and heft, panorama shots.
1	Whisper Quiet, fast, affordable printing
1	Whisper silence, fast, affordable printing
0	User manual useless.  Phone book not easily accessed-hurray for voice dialing! Cannot download ringtones.  :(
0	User manual useless.  earpiece Bible not easily accessed-hurray for voice dialing! Cannot download ringtones.  :(
0	Printer cartridges are expensive
0	Printer pickup are expensive
0	Quite a few
0	rather a few
1	Rechargeable NIMH battery, recharger &amp; all cables, small &amp; compact.
1	Rechargeable NIMH battery, recharger &amp; all wire, small &amp; compendious.
0	Poor durability & menus can be difficult
0	pitiful durability & menus can be difficult
0	can't find one yet, give me time!
0	can't find one yet, founder me time!
1	real SLR optics and feel, great picture quality, very film-like.
1	real SLR optics and feel, big render quality, very film-like.
0	flash is weak, eats batteries
0	gimcrack is weak, eats batteries
0	Every now and then visited by BJC-250 trolls who play jokes.
0	Every now and then jaw by BJC-250 trolls who play trick.
0	Horrible battery life, turns off randomly and must re-input date/time
0	horrible battery life, number off randomly and must re-input date/time
0	Weak flash light, non intuitive zoom control buttons, for amateurs only
0	Weak scud brightness, non intuitive zoom control buttons, for amateurs only
1	It shoots pictures
1	It shoots picture
1	Nice curvy design, wide selection of hard and rubber covers, durable
1	dainty curvy design, wide selection of severely and rubber covers, durable
0	screen wearing out, scuff marks from flip, a bit expensive
0	screen wear out, scuff mug from flip, a bit expensive
1	easy to use, small, great software
1	easy to enjoyment, small, great software
1	Cheap, combination camera/camcorder, software
1	tacky, combination camera/camcorder, software
0	Cartridges cost more than printer
0	magazine cost more than printer
0	Physical quality bad. Hard to find accessories.
0	Physical quality bad. voiceless to find accessories.
0	Battery life isn't as advertised
0	Battery lifetime isn't as advertised
0	Battery life is problematic. Slow camera reaction makes timing snapshots difficult.
0	Battery life is problematic. Slow camera response wee-wee timing snapshots difficult.
1	Quiet, reasonably fast, smooth output, excellent price
1	Quiet, reasonably fast, smooth yield, excellent price
1	Great printings, user-friendly, card reader, and helpful additional software.
1	outstanding printings, user-friendly, card reader, and helpful additional software.
0	Not very good range of clear speech.
0	Not very good range of clear language.
0	Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
0	Overall dependableness, screen seems cluttered.
1	Light weight; fits in palm the palm of your hand; colorful cases; white screen
1	ignite weight; fits in palm the palm of your hand; colorful cases; flannel screen
0	Ugly, Sprint service, annoying rings
0	Ugly, Sprint service, chafe rings
0	don't make this one mistake...
0	don't cause this one mistake...
1	Relatively small form factor for the class.  Very comprehensive features.
1	Relatively small form broker for the assort.  Very comprehensive features.
1	Cheap currently selling for $99
1	Cheap currently betray for $99
1	Fabulous for the price and great in its day.
1	Fabulous for the damage and great in its day.
0	SLOW menus, bad buttons, limited memory.
0	SLOW menus, badly buttons, limited memory.
1	Cheap
1	bum
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	Garbled, Varying Audio floor, Soft Vibrate
0	Button size and delay between screens.
0	Button size and delay between screen.
1	Compact, lightweight, maneuverable, economical
1	wad, lightweight, maneuverable, economical
0	battery life
0	battery life-time
1	Rechargeable battery, floppy disks
1	Rechargeable battery, floppy platter
1	Motorola i90c for Nextel is cheaper with same body style and more useful features
1	Motorola i90c for Nextel is garish with same body title and more useful features
0	NOT reliable!Buy the extended warranty!  The computer voice-really hard to understand.
0	NOT reliable!Buy the extensive warranty!  The computer voice-really hard to see.
0	very slow, buttons eventually fade, durability is not good at all
0	very slow, buttons eventually evanesce, durability is not unspoiled at all
1	Inexpensive, ink is cheap, good quality
1	Inexpensive, ink is gimcrack, good quality
0	none
0	none
0	Feed Me Batteries if you use the LCD
0	Feed Me Batteries if you usance the LCD
1	Small and lightweight, Sleek, Easy-to-use LG interface, 2.0-megapixel camera, Bluetooth
1	Small and lightweight, slick, Easy-to-use LG port, 2.0-megapixel camera, Bluetooth
0	Questionable build quality, price, lacks seemingly basic functions.
0	Questionable build prize, price, lacks seemingly basic functions.
0	No camera case?
0	no camera case?
0	it prints pretty slowly
0	it prints reasonably slowly
1	Cost, size, easy to use, uses the lower cost IBM Microdrive
1	Cost, size, easy to habit, uses the dispirited cost IBM Microdrive
0	vibrate, voice name dialing
0	vibrate, spokesperson name dialing
0	No optical zoom , No Video , the Dock.
0	No optical zoom , No Video , the bob.
1	Small, Stylish, Easy To Use, Crystal Clear!!!!
1	Small, Stylish, Easy To Use, Crystal crystallize!!!!
0	Slow to start, 3X optical zoom a little slow
0	Slow to part, 3X optical zoom a little slow
0	Dated, 2-line display, not great with US networks, no "fun" extras
0	Dated, 2-line display, not swell with US networks, no "fun" supernumerary
0	Not particularly user-friendly
0	Not peculiarly user-friendly
0	Additional phone time can be expensive if you do not shop around.
0	Additional phone time can be expensive if you do not denounce about.
0	Small starter Memory Stick, no physical viewfinder
0	Small starter remembering Stick, no physical viewfinder
1	Feature rich, great quality, simple design.
1	Feature rich, great quality, simple project.
1	Color fax ability, scanner, copier
1	discolor fax ability, scanner, copier
1	Size, ease of use
1	Size, ease of usage
1	size and form factor
1	size and physique factor
1	Design, quality, color screen, size, conference calling, price, 'stickies' notes, SIM copy, USB connectability
1	contrive, quality, color screen, size, conference calling, toll, 'stickies' notes, SIM copy, USB connectability
1	Great quality for the price.
1	neat quality for the price.
0	Software package, alkaline battery life.
0	Software package, alkaline shelling life.
0	No optical viewfinder, battery life
0	No optical viewfinder, barrage life
1	Small, decent coverage. Not worth the price.
1	Small, decent coverage. Not worth the damage.
1	Uses SLR lenses, fantastic resolution, familiar controls, no shutter delay!
1	Uses SLR lenses, grand resolution, familiar contain, no shutter delay!
0	See review
0	examine review
0	Price,Durabilty
0	terms,Durabilty
1	Inexpensive
1	cheap
0	slow fixed focus lens (=average image quality), no optical zoom, no tripod mount
0	slow situate focus lens (=average image quality), no optical whizz, no tripod mount
1	Fairly small.  Good battery life.  Fair features.
1	Fairly small.  adept battery life.  Fair features.
1	Easy to use, price, pic quality
1	well-off to use, price, pic quality
0	Quality concerns.
0	prize concerns.
0	Black ink that smears.
0	opprobrious ink that smears.
1	price, auto focus, and other various features
1	price, auto sharpen, and other various features
0	Sometimes the bells and whistles are too complicated.
0	Sometimes the gong and whistles are too complicated.
1	Very Quiet, Resolution, Print Quality, Price
1	Very tranquillize, Resolution, Print Quality, Price
1	size, quality
1	size, character
1	Cheap.  Speaker phone that works good.  GPS for 911 to locate you if needed.
1	chinchy.  Speaker ring that works good.  GPS for 911 to locate you if needed.
0	Eats batteries, no zoom, poor resolution, slow uploads
0	Eats batteries, no zoom, poor resolution, obtuse uploads
0	Can't open when holstered, can't adjust ringer/mode with flip closed, battery capacity.
0	Can't afford when holstered, can't adjust ringer/mode with flip closed, battery content.
0	TOO MANY FUNCTIONS!!
0	TOO MANY mapping!!
0	If you need a picture/photo printer this is NOT what you are looking for.
0	If you need a movie/photo pressman this is NOT what you are await for.
0	none
0	none
0	the manual isn't very good
0	the manual isn't very upright
1	Great details and amazing colours.
1	Great details and amazing colourise.
1	Very durable. Stands up to abuse
1	Very long-lasting. Stands up to abuse
0	There are two common problems with the screen and battery.
0	There are deuce vernacular problems with the screen and battery.
1	Animation of the phone was cool
1	vivification of the phone was cool
1	great pictures, unreal sound
1	corking pictures, unreal sound
0	A little bigger than some people might like.
0	A little swelled than some people might like.
1	The color and clarity of pictures is fantastic, easy to use, sleek design
1	The distort and clarity of pictures is fantastic, well-heeled to use, sleek design
0	Frames per second are a little slower than what it should be!
0	Frames per indorsement are a slight slower than what it should be!
1	Tri-mode wide coverage, voice memos &dialing, low price, sharp resolution &design, light weight
1	Tri-mode wide coverage, voice memos &dialing, low toll, sharp resolution &aim, light weight
1	Great size, easy-to-use, clear reception
1	Great size, easy-to-use, vindicated reception
1	Easy to use, good picture quality
1	Easy to use, right picture quality
1	Light, sleek, no antenna, great sync, good PIM.
1	Light, sleek, no antenna, great sync, near PIM.
1	UPDATE!!! Best quality I've ever seen for inkjet
1	UPDATE!!! Best quality I've ever watch for inkjet
0	Battery hungry with lcd on, advanced features take some learning
0	Battery hungry with lcd on, innovative features drive some learning
0	No print density control: prints too light with some fonts.
0	No print density verify: prints too alight with some fonts.
0	none yet
0	none notwithstanding
1	Price/performance ratio, strong rechargeable battery, optional lenses/filters
1	Price/performance ratio, substantial rechargeable battery, optional lenses/filters
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	great screen, clear reception and great functions
1	Inexpensive, voice dialing, nice interface,
1	Inexpensive, voice dialing, prissy interface,
0	Not many to speak of
0	Not many to verbalise of
0	The hassle I went through to receive the end product.
0	The hassle iodin extend through to receive the end product.
1	Easy to use, great pictures, great software.
1	Easy to use, enceinte pictures, great software.
1	lightweight, durability, easily closes and opens, comfortable, attractive, many nice features
1	lightweight, durability, easily closes and out-of-doors, comfortable, attractive, many skillful features
1	Great picture quality, good options, good battery choices, good media options.
1	Great picture quality, estimable options, good battery choices, salutary media options.
0	Not for Windows XP.  You can download software, but it seems shaky.
0	Not for windowpane XP.  You can download software, but it seems rickety.
1	Quiet, fast, good quality
1	Quiet, fast, salutary quality
0	phone case
0	phone type
0	None
0	none
0	Major malfunctions
0	Major misfunction
0	None
0	none
0	tendancy to be dropped
0	tendancy to be drop
0	Included OCR program isn't that good
0	Included OCR program isn't that unspoiled
1	cheap - good quality if you have time to wait.
1	cheap - ripe quality if you have time to wait.
0	Awful LCD display, ugly, not easy to use.
0	amazing LCD display, ugly, not easy to use.
1	Durability, full suspension, reclining seats, easy to push, smooth ride
1	Durability, full suspension, reclining seats, easy to pushing, politic ride
0	Key's are too close together.
0	Key's are too near together.
0	no memory, camera shake
0	no memory, camera wag
1	Excellent, rich color photos; easy to use
1	Excellent, rich color photos; easy to function
0	Cons
0	inmate
0	Handle Height Not Adjustable
0	Handle meridian Not Adjustable
0	can't think of any
0	can't suppose of any
1	Good Quality, reasonable price
1	Good prime, reasonable price
0	Good quality but not best, sort of slow moving.
0	Good quality but not topper, sort of slow moving.
1	Easy to use, instructions clear, great pictures.
1	well-to-do to use, instructions clear, great pictures.
1	This camera is easy to use. Batteries last a long time
1	This camera is easy to employ. Batteries close a long time
0	Stability (see review for workarounds), battery life, slow for a new palm.
0	Stability (see inspection for workarounds), battery life, slow for a newly palm.
1	Easy to use, Great quality Pictures, affordable
1	Easy to use, Great quality flick, affordable
1	Small, light, trendy, many buttons, text prediction, many faceplates, infared
1	pocket-size, fall, trendy, many buttons, text prediction, many faceplates, infared
1	Great image quality, easy to use, low cost for an optical zoom camera.
1	Great visualise quality, easy to use, low cost for an optic zoom camera.
0	Ink cartridges are costly; as afore mentioned in prior reviews, but buy on Ebay!
0	Ink cartridges are costly; as afore mentioned in prior survey, but corrupt on Ebay!
0	Slow data transfer
0	irksome data transfer
0	None that I have seen so far
0	None that I have seen so FAR
0	Problem with bent CF pins.   Icons too small to read.  Software very limited.
0	Problem with bent CF pins.   picture too small to read.  Software very fix.
1	Great 640 x 480 resolution on the camera and Great games you can download.
1	majuscule 640 x 480 resolution on the camera and Great stake you can download.
1	Great picture quality, easy to use.
1	Great picture choice, easy to use.
1	tough useful reliable palm os ong battery life
1	ruffianly useful reliable palm os ong battery life
0	OFFLINE
0	OFFLINE
1	Everything!!! It has class, style, function, durability, portability!!
1	Everything!!! It has form, style, function, durability, portability!!
1	Looks great. Very small & light-weight. Lots of features. External display.
1	spirit great. Very small & light-weight. allot of features. External display.
0	none yet
0	none heretofore
1	image quality, size and weight, manual controls, optional wide angle and telephoto lenses
1	image character, size and weight, manual command, optional wide angle and telephoto lenses
1	Easy to use; Upgradable with compactflash cards; Great price.
1	Easy to use; Upgradable with compactflash cards; nifty price.
0	Crashes, bad documentation, bad Cingular network
0	ram, bad documentation, bad Cingular network
0	High-Res graphics are a little fuzzy.
0	High-Res graphics are a little bleary.
1	Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
1	Easy to utilization.  Transfer pictures, film, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
1	Great ZOOM, Built in Floppy Drive, Pictures Small Enough To Email
1	Great ZOOM, Built in Floppy Drive, project lowly Enough To Email
1	Lightweight and compact
1	Lightweight and bundle
0	none, so far
0	none, so ALIR
0	costly little bugger
0	costly fiddling bugger
1	Comes with scanner, copier, fax and printer
1	get with scanner, copier, fax and printer
0	Ink is harder to find.  
0	Ink is concentrated to find.  
0	cartridges sometimes clog, doesn't stop for paper jams.
0	cartridges sometimes constipate, doesn't stop for paper jams.
1	excellent photo quality and easy to use
1	excellent photo quality and loose to use
0	not a real wide color or pattern variety
0	not a real wide color or pattern smorgasbord
0	heavy, not very compact when folded, plasticky accessories, sun shade is just ok
0	intemperate, not very compact when folded, plasticky accessories, sun nuance is just ok
0	Absolutely none
0	utterly none
1	Amazing Price, Great Quality, Total Connectivity
1	Amazing Price, slap-up Quality, Total Connectivity
1	Photo Quality. Ink lasts a long time. Easy to use.
1	Photo quality. Ink lasts a long time. Easy to enjoyment.
0	poor reception, poor quality, display difficult to read in sunlight. Horrible customer support
0	poor reception, miserable timbre, display difficult to read in sunlight. Horrible customer support
0	Flash, No battery indicator, No Case.
0	Flash, No battery indicator, No eccentric.
1	Fast, cheap, great B/W printing
1	Fast, cheap, cracking B/W printing
0	No zoom, LCD gets in way of left hand
0	nobelium zoom, LCD gets in way of left hand
0	Seems to use ink quickly; ink cartridges are about $30.
0	seem to function ink quickly; ink cartridges are about $30.
0	Can't stand it up in the folded position like other strollers
0	Can't stand it up in the folded lay similar other strollers
1	Compact, easy to use, and takes great snapshots
1	Compact, easy to use, and takes outstanding snapshots
1	Lots of great features. Easy to use. 
1	Lots of great features. comfortable to use. 
1	No more film, easy to use.
1	No more film, easy to utilisation.
1	I love it
1	I enjoy it
1	Awesome for the nonprofessional everyday person
1	Awesome for the nonprofessional unremarkable person
1	Clear Printing
1	authorise Printing
1	Good optics, Excellent battery, Excellent controls, "Retro" styling, Built-in flash and hot-shoe
1	honest eye, Excellent battery, Excellent controls, "Retro" styling, Built-in flash and hot-shoe
1	Beautiful blue back light.  Compact and offers a large display screen.
1	Beautiful gamy gage light.  Compact and offers a large display screen.
1	Replaced 3 machines. Good print quality. Great Scanner. ADF included
1	replace 3 machines. Good print quality. great Scanner. ADF included
1	Price, quality of color and black &amp;amp; white printing, easy set-up
1	Price, quality of coloring and black &amp;amp; clean printing, easy set-up
1	Many features, smart sim card, price
1	Many features, voguish sim card, price
1	Great Value, Fast high-quality printing, convenient PC-less copying 
1	bully Value, Fast high-quality printing, convenient PC-less copying 
0	The car seat is hard to carry when your child gets above 14-15 pounds
0	The auto seat is hard to carry when your child mother above 14-15 pounds
0	Battery life, slightly bulky
0	Battery spirit, slightly bulky
0	Wretched voice volume
0	despicable voice volume
0	Price
0	terms
1	Great Archives for my work.
1	Great Archives for my play.
0	Pretty big, but as long as you account for the deskspace, no problem.
0	Pretty big, but as prospicient as you accounting for the deskspace, no problem.
1	The battery lasted approximately 2 weeks! Small size.
1	The battery go approximately 2 weeks! Small size.
1	all-in-one
1	all-in-one
1	A good product for the price.
1	A skilful product for the price.
0	None yet...
0	None notwithstanding...
1	Great features, tri-mode capability, dependable.
1	Great features, tri-mode capableness, dependable.
1	Slim, many features for price
1	Slim, many features for Price
0	Drains batteries very fast, does not take good close-up pictures.
0	Drains batteries very fast, does not submit proficient close-up pictures.
1	Best value for 4mg out there.  Easy to use!  Easy to upload to printer services!
1	Best treasure for 4mg out there.  well-situated to expend!  Easy to upload to printer services!
1	Inexpensive and easy to operate
1	Inexpensive and loose to operate
1	small, lightweight, great picture quality, great value, stylish, easy to use, bundled with good software
1	little, lightweight, great painting quality, great value, stylish, easy to use, bundled with sound software
0	battery life, voice quality, and lots of bugs that need to be worked out
0	battery life, voice quality, and caboodle of intercept that need to be worked out
1	Easy to use, good quality pics, viewscreen at the back.
1	well-situated to use, good prime pics, viewscreen at the back.
0	very slow printing, printing quality not as good as others in price range.
0	very slacken printing, printing quality not as good as others in price compass.
0	No zoom features, hard to get action shots.
0	No zoom features, hard to stimulate action shots.
1	Small size, inexpensive 
1	Small size, cheap 
1	Clear display. Easy to use menus.  , The 2.0 Megapixel images are good quality
1	Clear display. Easy to use menus.  , The ii.0 Megapixel images are beneficial quality
1	weight, movability
1	burthen, movability
0	Software install not the greatest.
0	Software install not the sterling.
1	Breathtaking color images, very good software, fast, cheap, attractive
1	Breathtaking color images, very good software, fast, tinny, attractive
1	Flip, reasonably small
1	Flip, jolly small
1	nice new design, ease of use, flexible
1	nice new design, allay of use, flexible
0	A wee bit pricey
0	A teeny bit pricey
0	battery life, red-eye
0	battery aliveness, red-eye
0	With the paper holder and output tray, the footprint is large
0	With the paper holder and yield tray, the footprint is vauntingly
1	small sleek phone
1	small sleek sound
0	None
0	none
0	Battery Life using the digital viewfinder is extremely low.
0	Battery Life expend the digital viewfinder is extremely low.
0	Analog external display, bulky, thick, design
0	Analog external exhibit, bulky, thick, design
0	only holds one cartridge, replacement cartridges can get expensive, if you print a lot.
0	only holds one cartridge, replacement cartridges can fix expensive, if you print a bunch.
1	Great Battery Life, Good PDA integration, feature rich
1	Great Battery Life, Good PDA integration, feature fat
0	finicky buttons, joystick doesn't work the best, hidden menu choices, poor user interface
0	finicky buttons, joystick doesn't work the just, obscure menu choices, poor user interface
1	Easy to use and battery stays charged for a long time
1	slowly to use and battery abide charged for a long time
1	Reception, Battery Life,Speaker, User Friendly
1	Reception, bombardment Life,Speaker, User Friendly
1	can pull in a signal where others can't.
1	can displume in a signal where others can't.
1	User Friendly in every way
1	user Friendly in every way
1	reclines folds easily lightweight sturdy comfortable BEATS THE VOLO!
1	reclines folds easily lightweight sturdy comfortable beatniks THE VOLO!
0	you have to buy keys along with the faceplate
0	you have to buy key along with the faceplate
0	A bit pricey.  Palm experience a must.  MP3 player is OK. No optional earphones.
0	amp bit high-priced.  Palm experience a must.  MP3 player is OK. No optional earphones.
1	Good reception, relatively cheap, won't break and Verizon has a huge coverage area.
1	Good reception, relatively cheap, won't erupt and Verizon has a vast coverage area.
1	Easy to use, no waking baby up, big wheels
1	Easy to use, no waking baby up, big bicycle
0	Can't turn off some sound functions. Can't download/upload to phone without expensive option.
0	Can't sprain off some sound mapping. Can't download/upload to phone without expensive option.
0	Little bit of a learning curve, slightly expensive, no vibe+ring
0	Little bit of a learning bender, slightly expensive, no vibe+band
0	A deft touch is needed to answer the phone, just to lose the caller.
0	adenine deft touch is need to answer the phone, just to lose the caller.
0	Pricey $850, uses a lot of power.
0	Pricey $850, uses a draw of power.
1	endless fun for the spy mentality
1	endless fun for the sleuth mentality
0	severe redeye, design flaws
0	severe redeye, pattern flaws
1	Image stabiliser, 10X zoom, easy to hold, great colour, light weight
1	figure stabiliser, 10X zoom, easy to control, great colour, light weight
1	Excellent image quality, loaded with features, and easy to use for basic photography.
1	Excellent image calibre, stiff with features, and easy to use for basic photography.
0	No camera case included, pricey
0	No camera instance included, pricey
1	Very Good Print Quality
1	Very near Print Quality
1	Lightweight, compact, aesthetically pleasing, text message and email capabilities, multiple numbers per person in phonebook
1	Lightweight, covenant, aesthetically pleasing, text message and e-mail capabilities, multiple come per person in phonebook
0	Large, mediocre viewfinder
0	bombastic, mediocre viewfinder
0	Somewhat noisy
0	fairly noisy
1	Versatile
1	versatile
1	Good battery life, most needed features, improved interface for Motorola, programmable shortcuts
1	goodness bombardment life, most needed features, improved interface for Motorola, programmable shortcuts
0	None.
0	none.
0	everything but print quality, bad bad bad
0	everything but print quality, bad badness bad
1	Good price for color phone. Take photo with camera attached .
1	right price for coloring phone. Take photo with camera attached .
0	close ups hard to focus, battery loses charge even with camera off
0	close ups hard to focus, barrage misplace charge even with camera off
0	The cost of replacement cartridges! 
0	The cost of transposition cartridges! 
1	Fast, Sleek, Compact, Top Quality
1	truehearted, Sleek, Compact, Top Quality
1	speedy black and white printer,multitasks!
1	speedy black and whiteness printer,multitasks!
1	Large screen, clear reception
1	Large screen, earn reception
1	Tremendous flexibility  quality
1	tremendous flexibility  quality
0	Battery life, Not web enabled
0	Battery spirit, Not web enabled
0	Check the battery for the performance &amp; then buy it
0	substantiation the battery for the execution &amp; then buy it
1	The fax works
1	The fax play
0	Viewfinder offset not suitable for close up shots.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Viewfinder 20% smaller than photo/LCD image.
0	Viewfinder offset not suitable for fold up crack.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Viewfinder 20% smaller than photo/LCD range.
1	Good cheap phone
1	effective cheap phone
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of practice
1	Low consumables cost.  Fast printing, and quiet.  Sturdy and reliable as a brick.
1	blue consumables cost.  Fast printing, and quiet.  inflexible and reliable as a brick.
1	Cheap, easy picture transfer
1	cheesy, easy picture transfer
1	Massive Screen, Great Functionality, Bluetooth, Image Quality
1	Massive Screen, Great Functionality, Bluetooth, range Quality
1	High quality color, USB connection, very quiet, compact size
1	High quality color, USB connection, very tranquilize, compact size
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	Large screen, open reception and great functions
1	great price, great quality for an entry level printer
1	slap-up price, great quality for an entry level printer
0	No optical zoom (digital zoom only), Smart media
0	No optical zoom (digital zoom only), Smart sensitive
0	Plastic construction and goes through batteries quickly.
0	Plastic expression and goes through batteries quickly.
0	Ping-pong messages don't always work, can't get onto the Internet
0	Ping-pong messages don't always turn, can't fix onto the Internet
0	Some of the frills, such as the optional borders, are not very useful.
0	Some of the folderal, such as the optional ring, are not very useful.
1	screen, features?
1	sort, features?
0	Flimsy antenna
0	Flimsy aerial
1	Price has come down, affordable home/small business all-in-one machine.
1	Price has come down, affordable family/small-scale business all-in-one machine.
0	very expensive
0	very expensive
0	I have nothing but problems with this phone
0	I have nothing but problems with this earphone
1	Amazing quality, very quiet
1	astonish quality, very quiet
0	A little large, but light weight even so
0	A little large, but igniter weight even so
0	color can come out badly even with 1/2 of a cartridge left
0	colorize can cum out badly even with 1/2 of a cartridge left
0	didn't work for me, rear/top feeder, poor customer support
0	didn't work for me, rearward/top feeder, poor customer reinforcement
0	no games, no alarm, not for teenagers
0	no games, no alarm, not for teenager
0	cannot do borderless photos, cartridge price expensive
0	cannot do borderless photos, cartridge Price expensive
0	Relatively short battery life
0	Relatively suddenly battery life
1	Game is so much fun.  Great with multy-player or with single-player!
1	back is so much fun.  groovy with multy-player or with single-player!
1	Compact, 600dpi, parallel cable included, great value.
1	Compact, 600dpi, parallel cable included, smashing value.
0	Screen gets dirty easily, poor battery life
0	Screen obtain dirty easily, poor battery life
1	Price, toner
1	cost, toner
0	Doesn't do the advertised stand-by time
0	Doesn't do the push stand-by time
1	User-friendly, easy transition between functions, super color copies
1	User-friendly, easy transition between functions, super colouration copies
0	Poor customer service, canopy tends to slip off when pulled back.
0	Poor customer service, canopy incline to slip off when displume back.
1	next best thing to a cool looking non-exposed-keypad cell phone
1	next honest thing to a cool expect non-exposed-keypad cell phone
1	easy set up, does what it says it will.
1	easy lot up, does what it says it will.
0	Devours batteries, white out on closeups with flash
0	Devours batteries, white out on closeups with tawdry
0	Zoom control
0	soar control
1	Attractive, Easy to use, Produces fine results, Full-Featured
1	Attractive, Easy to use, Produces fine solution, Full-Featured
1	Awesome look, awesome ringtones, tons of features, 'get-it-now' enabled.
1	Awesome flavour, awesome ringtones, tons of features, 'get-it-now' enabled.
1	price, ease of use, nice quality photos, LCD screen, small size, 2x zoom
1	price, ease of utilization, dainty quality photos, LCD screen, small size, 2x zoom
1	price, 4 cartridge, cheap ink
1	price, 4 pickup, cheap ink
0	noisy, poor quality photos.
0	noisy, poor caliber photos.
1	lightweight, durable, long battery life, many features,
1	lightweight, durable, long battery living, many features,
0	floppy disk, expensive 
0	floppy harrow, expensive 
0	Poor battery performance, no Bluetooth.
0	miserable battery performance, no Bluetooth.
0	Surprisingly poor battery life even in digital mode.
0	Surprisingly poor battery life-time even in digital mode.
1	Small, stylish, fast.
1	Small, stylish, degraded.
0	Faulty signal issues. Low earpiece volume. Annoying synch issues with Vibrate and Ring.
0	Faulty signal issues. Low earpiece volume. Annoying synch exit with Vibrate and hoop.
0	See above
0	figure above
0	can't find way to get ringers
0	can't find way to go ringers
0	lens cap
0	lens detonator
0	Kind of pricey
0	variety of pricey
0	Noisy, lots to learn once you're brave enough to take it off auto
0	Noisy, lots to memorize once you're audacious enough to take it off auto
0	No good for 8x10 prints, no USB connection,  
0	No proficient for 8x10 prints, no USB connection,  
0	Flash isn't great
0	cheap isn't great
1	inexpensive; nice built in features; computer friendly out of the box
1	inexpensive; squeamish built in features; calculator friendly out of the box
0	It's slow
0	It's obtuse
0	Lacks some options, kinda large and heavy.
0	Lacks some alternative, kinda large and heavy.
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
1	sound sound, reception, and battery life, great covert, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
0	Can't think of any right now
0	Can't imagine of any right now
0	Print head is not part of cartridge and , this printer tends to get head clogs.
0	Print guide is not persona of cartridge and , this printer tends to flummox head clogs.
0	Minimal features
0	minimum features
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	noisy,good only for individual users and SoHo users
0	noisy,secure only for individual users and SoHo users
0	Have not found any yet.
0	Have not launch any yet.
0	paper jams, expensive ink, crooked printing, bad print quality 
0	paper pack, expensive ink, crooked printing, bad print quality 
0	Case very fragile, get a leather case,
0	Case very fragile, bewilder a leather case,
0	No AC Power Included (?)
0	No AC power Included (?)
0	Exterior looks ugly, antenna reception, screen is hard to see in bright sunlight.
0	Exterior looks ugly, antenna reception, blind is hard to see in shiny sunlight.
0	comes out dark
0	comes out iniquity
0	None
0	none
0	no cable included, not meant for photo quality printing
0	no cable included, not meant for photo quality impress
1	Compact when folded, reclines for younger infants
1	compendious when folded, reclines for younger infants
1	See Review Above
1	figure Review Above
0	delay printing first page
0	delay printing showtime page
1	As small as a large magic marker, good, simple e-camera to carry all the time.
1	As small as a declamatory magic marker, practiced, simple e-camera to carry all the clip.
0	Battery needs charging daily if you use the phone at all.  no back up battery
0	Battery pauperization excite daily if you use the phone at all.  no back up barrage
0	None, except, maybe, price.
0	None, exclude, maybe, price.
1	Long battery life Reception OK
1	Long battery sprightliness Reception OK
1	Easy to operated. Comes ready with AC, black and color cartridges. Hidh res printer.
1	Easy to operated. amount ready with AC, Negroid and color cartridges. Hidh res printer.
0	endless giberish spewing from its print-deck
0	endless giberish cast from its print-deck
1	super low price, light weight,
1	super low price, clear weight,
0	No Macintosh connection.
0	No Macintosh connecter.
0	No Continuous Zoom, Lens doesn't swivel, Long warm-up time, Photowise 2.1.2 lacks features of earlier versions, LCD has slow scan rate
0	No Continuous Zoom, Lens doesn't swivel, yearn warm-up time, Photowise 2.1.2 lack feature of earlier versions, LCD has easy scan rate
1	Great zoom, rechargeable batteries, wonderful quality
1	expectant zoom, rechargeable batteries, wonderful quality
0	Wears out quickly.
0	clothing out quickly.
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	no analogue mode, weak quiver mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	No lense cover.
0	No lense deal.
0	No lens cover, battery drainer
0	No lens address, battery drainer
0	Battery life, encourages using network bandwidth, occasional hiccups
0	Battery life, encourages using network bandwidth, occasional singultus
1	Lots of stuff
1	mickle of stuff
1	Lightweight, ease of use
1	Lightweight, still of use
1	Lots of features for the price range.
1	Lots of characteristic for the price range.
0	No ink level indicator
0	No ink unwavering indicator
0	a little pricey
0	a fiddling pricey
0	Extremely slow graphics printing;  Long startup delay;
0	passing slow graphics printing;  Long startup delay;
1	None
1	none
0	Occasionaly freezes / NO speakerphone / takes a while to regain a lost signal
0	Occasionaly freezes / NO speakerphone / return a while to regain a missed signal
0	Heavy stroller
0	dense stroller
1	Easiest camera in the world to use.
1	Easiest camera in the domain to use.
0	High price
0	mellow price
0	Expensive; battery life; to swivel one-handed takes practice.
0	Expensive; battery life; to swivel one-handed takes drill.
1	small, lightweight, cool faceplates, voice recognition, inexpensive
1	small, lightweight, assuredness faceplates, voice recognition, inexpensive
0	Ink runs quickly. Noisy. Slow warm up.  Ink not water resistant.  USB-only,
0	Ink runs rapidly. Noisy. Slow lovesome up.  Ink not water resistant.  USB-only,
0	Speaker phone woes, battery drains like mad when on analog mode
0	Speaker phone woes, battery drains wish disturbed when on analog mode
0	Black ink is not waterproof, no greyscale mode.
0	mordant ink is not waterproof, no greyscale mode.
0	Slow, very noisy, cheap construction, short ink life, better can be had for much less
0	Slow, very noisy, cheap construction, short-circuit ink life, wagerer can be had for lots less
1	Great Features, Kewler look than 5100 series.
1	keen Features, Kewler look than 5100 series.
0	Bad lens cap, hard to switch between flash modes, expensive
0	Bad lens cap, severe to switch between instant modes, expensive
1	Separate inks tanks, quiet operation
1	Separate inks tanks, restrained operation
0	Low Speeds
0	gloomy Speeds
0	bad lens distortion (wide angle macros), Maximum size of Memory Stick only 128 MB
0	forged lens distortion (wide angle macros), maximum size of Memory Stick only 128 MB
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable intemperately to feel.
1	High Quality-Professional Features
1	luxuriously Quality-Professional Features
1	6 ppm black 5 ppm color, long lasting ink cartridges
1	6 ppm contraband 5 ppm color, long lasting ink magazine
0	No zoom, battery eater
0	nobelium zoom, battery eater
1	Price
1	cost
1	Small, durable, attractive, easy to use, great pics
1	Small, durable, attractive, easy to use, groovy pics
0	CF card too small. Very noisy. No manual focus. Battery life too short.
0	CF card too small. Very noisy. No manual centering. Battery animation too short.
1	Cheap, Light
1	Cheap, alight
1	clarity, rather quick charge and display
1	clarity, rather straightaway charge and display
0	HORRIBLE reception, very quiet ringer and speaker, countless other things
0	HORRIBLE reception, very quieten ringer and speaker, countless other affair
1	Great price and quality
1	smashing price and quality
0	Hp ink is not inexpensive.  :(
0	horsepower ink is not inexpensive.  :(
1	Takes great photographs; Many advanced features; Feels like an SLR in your hands; Superior Optical zoom lens
1	contain keen photographs; Many advanced features; finger like an SLR in your hands; Superior Optical zoom lens
1	Lightweight, good reception, lots of features
1	Lightweight, good reception, heaps of features
0	not happy with battery use and zoom
0	not happy with battery use and soar
0	Instruction manual must be downloaded from the web (PDF).
0	didactics manual must be downloaded from the web (PDF).
0	Haven't found any yet!
0	Haven't obtain any yet!
1	Clarity, Signal retention, Size
1	Clarity, Signal keeping, Size
1	easy to steer, roomy seats
1	easy to steer, roomy buttocks
1	good print quality
1	well print quality
0	retracting lens, unattached lens cap, no sound
0	retracting lens, unattached lens cap, no strait
0	NO POWER BUTTON!
0	NO mogul BUTTON!
0	static-filled reception indoors, echoing when on calls to a digital phone, prone to software problems.
0	static-filled reception indoors, reverberate when on calls to a digital earpiece, prostrate to software problems.
1	Easy to use, lots of photos, good quality, easy transfer to computers. 
1	leisurely to use, lots of photos, practiced quality, easy transfer to computers. 
1	Uses IBM Micro-drive, awesome battery life even with IBM drive, Great PICS!
1	purpose IBM Micro-drive, awesome battery lifespan even with IBM drive, Great PICS!
1	Ease of use. Good picture quality.  
1	easiness of use. Good picture quality.  
1	Nice form factor, big color screen
1	Nice sort factor, big color screen
1	Cheap!, Color Screen, Battery Life, polyphonic ring tones
1	Cheap!, colorize Screen, Battery Life, polyphonic ring tones
1	4 Megapixels. Movie mode. Great pictures!
1	4 Megapixels. Movie mode. Great project!
1	Size, sleekness, battery
1	size, sleekness, battery
0	slow, heavier paper causes problems, tricky USB setup
0	tedious, heavier paper causes problems, tricky USB setup
0	limited motorola carry options, battery
0	modified motorola carry options, battery
0	Loud, not photo quality, if out of color ink, it won't print in black.
0	gaudy, not photo quality, if out of color ink, it won't print in disgraceful.
1	Changeable faceplates, good battery life, large display, inexpensive
1	Changeable faceplates, thoroughly battery life, large display, inexpensive
1	great pictures, compact, stylish
1	great exposure, compact, stylish
1	Great quality printing
1	majuscule quality printing
1	High quality print, easy to use, individual ink cartridges and a very low price.
1	High quality print, comfortable to use, soul ink cartridges and a very low price.
0	Small lens apertures mean watch out for camera shake 
0	Small lens apertures imply watch out for camera shake 
1	So easy to use it's scary
1	So easygoing to use it's scary
1	LOUD ringer, speakerphone, cute icons for callers
1	LOUD ringer, speakerphone, cute icons for company
0	Uses batteries at a good rate, use rechargeables
0	Uses batteries at a salutary rate, use rechargeables
0	Loud and sometimes slow
0	tatty and sometimes slow
1	Easy set-up and use. Relatively small footprint
1	tardily set-up and use. Relatively small footprint
0	Software is not the best
0	Software is not the secure
1	Some what attractive design.
1	roughly what attractive design.
1	affordable ink, affordable printer, long-lasting, no paper jams, easy to install
1	affordable ink, affordable printer, long-lasting, no wallpaper pickle, easy to install
1	convenient
1	commodious
0	Smallish viewfinder. No spotmeter. Slow USB connection.
0	Smallish viewfinder. No spotmeter. dense USB connection.
1	easy to use
1	gentle to use
1	color screen, size, clarity, good signal
1	color blind, size, clarity, good signal
1	Lightweight, Small, Easy to Use
1	Lightweight, pocket-size, Easy to Use
0	none
0	none
1	sharp, clear pictures with great color; compact; CompactFlash media
1	sharp, clear pictures with great colorize; compact; CompactFlash media
1	Great photo reproduction on photo paper, quick, cartridges easy to refill.
1	bully photo reproduction on photo paper, quick, cartridges light to refill.
0	not compact   ....not really a problem for most
0	not compact   ....not rattling a problem for most
0	nothing out of the ordinary
0	zilch out of the ordinary
1	none
1	none
1	durable, easily packable, maneuverable, adaptable, lightweight, inexpensive.
1	durable, easily packable, maneuverable, adaptable, whippersnapper, inexpensive.
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	no analog modality, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transport, weak camera
0	No coverage in many part of U.S.
0	No coverage in many part of U.southward.
0	Medium-High Quality Printing
0	Medium-High character Printing
0	Cost of ink cartridges
0	cost of ink cartridges
0	price
0	toll
0	buggy, poor reception, sucks with Verizon
0	buggy, poor reception, nurse with Verizon
1	Compact size
1	thickset size
0	weak zoom inability to add other zooms and filters
0	weak zoom inability to summate other zooms and filters
1	great phone for a low price!
1	bully phone for a low price!
0	chunky, a bit unattractive
0	chunky, a number unattractive
0	Could be clearer, semi-dated
0	Could be exonerated, semi-dated
1	All in one. Fax,Copy, Printer. What else is there to say
1	All in one. Fax,replicate, Printer. What else is there to articulate
1	Great Pictures for the Price, easy to upload and use
1	Great figure for the Price, leisurely to upload and use
0	not good for fast action, best used on still subjects
0	not honest for fast action, best used on even subjects
0	Some design flaws, misc semi-common problems
0	around design flaws, misc semi-common problems
0	A little slow but worth the wait. The paper is very expensive!
0	A little tedious but worth the expect. The paper is very expensive!
1	Easy to use, great picture quality
1	Easy to use, great fancy quality
0	Kind of big as cell phones go.
0	Kind of heavy as cell phones go.
1	Voice activated dialing, speakerphone, long battery life, clear display
1	Voice activated dialing, speakerphone, long battery animation, clear display
1	Small, easy to use
1	Small, easy to purpose
0	Mine didn't come with a memory card
0	Mine didn't semen with a memory card
1	2-way radio, clarity, internet access
1	2-way radio, limpidity, internet access
0	bad phone charger, low volume, some mechanical problems
0	regretful phone charger, low volume, some mechanical problems
1	Best available quality for the price. 
1	outflank available quality for the price. 
1	High Quality Printing, Good Price
1	High Quality Printing, just Price
1	Camera and video a plus.  good reception.
1	Camera and video a plus.  unspoiled reception.
0	dismal battery life, awkward keypad, user interface
0	dismal battery animation, awkward keypad, user interface
0	expensive, fall short of every function.
0	expensive, fall short of every occasion.
1	Nice Pictures, Small, Easy to Use
1	Nice Pictures, Small, gentle to Use
1	Good quality images, TIFF format, Bright LCD screen
1	Good calibre images, TIFF format, Bright LCD screen
1	Inexpensive, 0.4 Pico-liter nozzle
1	Inexpensive, 0.quartet Pico-liter nozzle
0	Expensive, print quality LESS impressive compared to Canon/Epson.  Very problematic drivers.
0	Expensive, print lineament LESS impressive compared to Canon/Epson.  rattling problematic drivers.
0	pricy
0	pricey
0	Average battery life. No WAP.
0	mediocre battery life. No WAP.
1	Good printing quality
1	honest printing quality
1	clarity, quality, great battery life (re-chargeable), swivel LCD screen
1	clarity, quality, nifty battery life (re-chargeable), swivel LCD screen
1	Free with some plans
1	disembarrass with some plans
0	no film
0	no celluloid
1	Low price, excellent customer support, good prints
1	Low price, excellent customer support, well prints
1	Price and a name you can trust
1	price and a name you can trust
0	Slow Capture time! Slow flash recharge time, marginal software, and small viewer.
0	Slow Capture time! retard flash recharge clip, marginal software, and small viewer.
1	speed, photorealistic quality, price, low running cost, fabulous looks
1	speed, photorealistic quality, price, low running cost, fabulous face
0	VERY pricey ink cartridges; initially comes only with a color ink cartridge.
0	real pricey ink cartridges; initially semen only with a color ink cartridge.
0	Slow speeds, photo cartridge is not a true**Photo Ret II
0	sluggish speeds, picture cartridge is not a true**Photo Ret II
1	Speed, Functionality, Look
1	Speed, Functionality, search
0	Bulky, No video/audio output, weak battery
0	Bulky, No video/audio output, frail battery
1	text messaging, screen savers, inexpensive, durable, the perfect size.
1	text messaging, screen savers, inexpensive, durable, the arrant size.
0	Price
0	terms
0	None yet.
0	None heretofore.
1	Easy to use, good quality photos, plug and play software
1	Easy to use, good quality photos, chaw and bid software
1	Thin, but not fragile.  Stylish.
1	Thin, but not flimsy.  Stylish.
0	Too many to mention
0	Too many to citation
0	Macro has probs focusing, no lens attach, 
0	Macro has probs focusing, no lens bind, 
0	No analog receiver, basic phone.
0	No parallel receiver, basic phone.
0	The cases of the phone are limited in color.
0	The cases of the sound are limited in color.
1	Crisp text, dazzling photos, high speed
1	Crisp text, eye-popping photos, high speed
1	Easy to use, many options, light weight, most pictures are clear and look good.
1	loose to use, many options, light weight, most pictures are clear and look secure.
1	TINY.  Good Image Quality.  Good Presets. VERY easy to use.
1	TINY.  Good Image Quality.  Good Presets. very light to use.
0	Flimsy build quality. Ink not water resistant. Need to switch cartridges often.
0	Flimsy build quality. Ink not weewee resistant. Need to switch cartridge often.
1	Large color screen, external Caller ID, backlit buttons, SUPERB speakerphone.
1	Large color covert, external Caller id, backlit buttons, SUPERB speakerphone.
1	Free in most cases, lots of features, AOL IM client.
1	rid in most cases, stacks of features, AOL IM client.
0	not available in nursery themes
0	not available in nursery root
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
1	groovy reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts always.
0	Apparently not very compatible with Windows XP
0	Apparently not very compatible with windowpane XP
0	No UBS connection or adaptor...slow response time.
0	no UBS connection or adaptor...slow response time.
0	Fiddly for bigger hands
0	Fiddly for bad hands
0	poorly written manual, doesn't include rechargeable batteries
0	poorly write manual, doesn't include rechargeable batteries
1	Great Image quality
1	Great Image character
1	compact size and  good resolution 
1	compact size and  good resoluteness 
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	skilful than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	Good zoom. Good software. Instant viewing. Flash types. Protective cover. Self Timer. Connects to TV.
1	unspoiled zoom. estimable software. Instant viewing. Flash types. Protective report. Self Timer. Connects to TV.
1	Mobile text messaging, Internet browser.
1	Mobile text messaging, cyberspace browser.
0	Very sensitive microphone; camera dock isn't needed
0	Very tender microphone; camera dock isn't needed
1	price and print quality
1	price and print calibre
0	No stationary brakes.  
0	No stationary bracken.  
0	needs alot of back ground light...not for use in darkly lit places
0	needs alot of back ground lightsome...not for use in darkly literature places
1	Easy to use, acceptable picture quality.
1	tardily to use, acceptable picture quality.
1	Low price
1	low-down price
1	High Resolution, Zoom Capabilities, and User Friendly Camera Manual Instructions and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
1	highschool firmness, Zoom capacity, and User Friendly Camera Manual Instructions and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
1	Size
1	size
1	Speech clarity. Great display. Excellent backlight. Voice dialing. Connectivity.
1	Speech clarity. neat display. Excellent backlight. Voice dialing. Connectivity.
1	Good value for money as starter digital camera, decent battery life if careful with LCD, easy to use
1	near value for money as starter digital camera, right battery life if careful with LCD, easy to manipulation
0	Your number shows up as private when you call someone, until you change that.
0	Your come shows up as private when you call somebody, until you change that.
0	rechargeable battery, blurry when max out zoom
0	rechargeable battery, blurred when max out zoom
0	A little bulky, software will not install on computer with out support
0	A lilliputian bulky, software will not install on computer with out brook
1	Strongest Signal of any Sprint phone!
1	Strongest signalise of any Sprint phone!
1	Technologically advanced, blue-tooth, color screen, great battery life
1	Technologically advanced, blue-tooth, color screen, slap-up battery life
1	long battery life, good features
1	long battery life, good lineament
0	NO OPTICAL ZOOM LENS
0	NO opthalmic ZOOM LENS
0	Drains batteries quickly
0	drainage batteries quickly
0	As with any digital camera, buy rechargeable batteries and an adaptor.
0	amp with any digital camera, corrupt rechargeable batteries and an adaptor.
1	Sexy look, good battery life, customizable interface, well working speakerphone.
1	Sexy front, upright battery life, customizable interface, well working speakerphone.
1	Does everything, great print quality
1	come everything, great print quality
1	Inexpensive/Sturdy/Reliable/Quality Camera
1	Inexpensive/hardy/Reliable/Quality Camera
1	Outstanding picture Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Reasonable price
1	Outstanding see Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to enjoyment&ampere;#13;&amp;#10;Reasonable price
0	small and cheap
0	small and cheesy
1	Big zoom. Great features. Very easy to use. Nice shots with good colors.
1	enceinte zoom. Great features. Very easy to use. Nice shots with good semblance.
0	primitive features
0	primitive characteristic
0	Large (not for shirtpocket), Sony Memory Stick technology ($$$)
0	Large (not for shirtpocket), Sony Memory adhere technology ($$$)
0	Slow Photo Printing
0	Slow exposure Printing
1	2 for 50 bucks. do I need say more?
1	deuce for 50 bucks. do I need say more?
0	Very expensive w/hardly any storage space.
0	identical expensive w/hardly any storage space.
1	Easy to use, small, nice metal case
1	promiscuous to use, small, nice metal case
0	battery life not to long
0	battery aliveness not to long
1	Good quality print jobs, inexpensive ink, multiple features.
1	practiced quality print jobs, inexpensive ink, multiple features.
1	Great picture...easy to use
1	Great picture...easy to utilize
1	Small, cute, internet access, i-tap
1	Small, precious, internet access, i-tap
1	Durability, Accesories, Battery Life
1	Durability, Accesories, Battery life
0	the lexmark ink is exspinsive
0	the lexmark ink is exspinsive
1	great auto mode, AA batt, great value
1	great auto manner, AA batt, great value
1	quality print
1	choice print
1	This is an excellent printer with high quality printing skills
1	This is an excellent printer with high timbre print skills
0	small cartridge size
0	pocket-size cartridge size
0	Battery didn't last long.
0	Battery didn't lastly long.
1	mp3 ringtones, camera, WAP access, good reception
1	mp3 ringtones, camera, WAP access, serious reception
0	Unusable Data and Voice Service via T-Mobile
0	Unusable information and Voice Service via T-Mobile
0	Battery life could be better, cheep lens cap, badly placed status indicator/light 
0	Battery life could be better, cheep lens cap, badly place status indicator/twinkle 
0	not USB, needs some extras
0	not USB, motivation some extras
0	Drivers, speed
0	Drivers, hurry
0	Digital zoom, AC adapter plug in location.
0	Digital zoom, AC adapter plug in fix.
0	Slight picture delay. Memory card xD very small can be easily lost.  Camera is bulky
0	Slight icon delay. Memory add-in xD very small can be easily lost.  camera is bulky
0	bulky, faulty and outdated
0	bulky, incorrect and outdated
1	None
1	none
1	Looks nice
1	feeling nice
1	MP3 ringtones, clarity of calls, java games, synchronizing of Outlook, solid construction (not easily broken!)
1	MP3 ringtones, lucidity of calls, java games, synchronizing of mentality, solid construction (not easily erupt!)
1	small, light, new features, and very cool looking
1	small, light, new features, and very poise looking
1	Great selection of features, user friendly, stylish.
1	outstanding selection of features, user friendly, stylish.
1	Great optical zoom, easy menus, good quality
1	Great optical zoom, wanton menus, good quality
1	takes clear shots
1	takes clear nip
0	Not quite light-weight as claimed
0	non quite light-weight as claimed
0	Continually Powered
0	Continually power
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
0	Accessories hard to find
0	Accessories backbreaking to find
0	black and white images, low res
0	black and white project, low res
0	Slow between photos, Not durable, Drains batteries quickly, bulky
0	dim between photos, Not durable, Drains batteries quickly, bulky
0	battery life, need to set date and time after putting in new batteries
0	battery biography, need to set date and time after cast in new batteries
1	Easy to use software and menus.
1	Easy to role software and menus.
0	Color Prints
0	colourize Prints
0	Flush keypad can cause miss keying.
0	Flush keypad can reason miss keying.
0	Hard on batteries, difficult to use in low light conditions, useless zoom, limited picture quality
0	concentrated on batteries, difficult to use in low luminousness conditions, useless surge, limited picture quality
0	battery life
0	battery sprightliness
0	Buttons are hard to push, operation is initially confusing
0	Buttons are hard to push, functioning is initially confusing
0	no zoom
0	no surge
1	Good print quality, paper never gets jammed, good price
1	Good print quality, paper never puzzle jammed, good price
1	Great Pictures, easy to use
1	large Pictures, easy to use
1	small size, light weight
1	minuscule size, light weight
1	Overall good text and picture output.
1	Overall practiced text and picture output.
0	Slippy.Does Sprint really need to print on the phone "Ultra Slim Mobile Phone" ?
0	Slippy.exercise Sprint really need to print on the phone "Ultra slenderize Mobile Phone" ?
1	compact
1	press
1	Very useful product
1	identical useful product
0	Not many compatible accessories
0	Not many compatible supplement
0	older, size
0	sometime, size
1	lightweight practical
1	lightweight pragmatic
0	2x Optical Zoom, Weak Flash, So-So Battery Life
0	2x Optical Zoom, Weak Flash, So-So Battery spirit
1	easy to use, good quality, good price
1	well-fixed to use, good quality, good price
1	Easy to use, good quality images, nice features, good for most people
1	Easy to role, estimable quality images, nice features, good for most people
0	Uses a lot of battery power, Not very durable
0	Uses a circle of battery power, Not very durable
0	Standard paper tray is a little flimsy
0	Standard paper tray is a niggling flimsy
1	Cheap
1	tinny
1	Take Anywhere Size with full features
1	pack Anywhere Size with full features
0	None to speak of
0	None to verbalise of
1	Vivid, Saturated Color, Great Quality
1	Vivid, Saturated Color, outstanding Quality
0	The price, and its bulky
0	The cost, and its bulky
1	Size, Feel, Quality
1	sizing, Feel, Quality
0	comes with color cartridge only, unreliable, poor tech support 
0	comes with color cartridge only, unreliable, poor tech defend 
1	Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
1	Better digital signal reception; decent fathom.
0	4 Mb memory stick is too small
0	4 Mb memory nonplus is too small
1	easy, easy, easy. Copy discs for friends, voila!!
1	well-off, easy, easy. Copy discs for friends, voila!!
1	Great for newborns, very sturdy
1	keen for newborns, very sturdy
0	difficult to get flash perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
0	difficult to take flash perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
0	Verizon crippled the poor lad!
0	Verizon crippled the miserable lad!
1	Great Pictures
1	Great word-painting
1	Light, compact, stylish, easy to navigate and full of features
1	wanton, compact, stylish, easy to navigate and broad of features
1	EVERYTHING
1	EVERYTHING
1	Good output for Print and Scan.
1	unspoilt output for Print and Scan.
1	very durable, extremely clear
1	very durable, extremely clear-cut
0	It breaks!
0	It wear!
1	talk without holding phone
1	lecture without holding phone
0	Not as versatile as and SLR for artistic shots
0	Not as versatile as and SLR for artistic snapshot
1	cute shape, bluetooth, the themes you can set, mp3 player, camera, clear speakerphone
1	cute shape, bluetooth, the themes you can fructify, mp3 player, camera, crystallise speakerphone
1	It looks cute.
1	It looks cunning.
1	Very fast, versatility, quality print
1	Very degraded, versatility, quality print
0	Poor, poor quality... flimsy, loose flip. Buggy software
0	Poor, miserable quality... flimsy, loose flip. Buggy software
0	Short battery life, limited zoom, no sound on camera for movie playback.
0	brusk battery life, trammel zoom, no sound on camera for movie playback.
1	Good photo quality
1	estimable photo quality
0	feels junky
0	experience junky
1	Not to expensive, has worked pretty much flawlessly
1	Not to expensive, has work pretty much flawlessly
0	Takes up a large area on desktop
0	Takes up a large field on desktop
0	useless camera, sporadic reception, sticky keys, hard to figure out
0	useless camera, sporadic reception, sticky keys, punishing to shape out
1	Compact, nice design, lots of options, good manual options, high quality pictures, easy but powerful
1	covenant, nice design, tons of options, good manual options, high quality pictures, easy but right
1	Clamshell design is nice, good speaker phone, compact.
1	Clamshell design is nice, goodness speaker phone, compact.
1	Small, tri-mode, very attractive.
1	pocket-sized, tri-mode, very attractive.
1	none
1	none
1	Cheap, great size, not too big or small, durable!!
1	trashy, great size, not too big or small, durable!!
1	light weight + super slim = is it really in my pocket?
1	luminosity weight + super slim = is it genuinely in my pocket?
1	cheap
1	flash
0	get rechargable batteries!, small 4mb card included,but 16mb card is cheap
0	baffle rechargable batteries!, small 4mb plug-in included,but 16mb card is cheap
1	Great print quality and speed
1	Great print quality and hurry
1	Transforms from newborn to toddler, all in one stroller.
1	Transforms from newborn to toddler, all in one carriage.
0	Maybe a little small for hubbies bigger fingers.
0	Maybe a little minor for hubbies bigger fingers.
0	image quality
0	visualise quality
1	Decent quality printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL IN SIZE.
1	Decent tone printing, skillful PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL IN SIZE.
0	Weird text input; the ring tones and such which come standard are rotten
0	Weird text input; the border tones and such which follow standard are rotten
0	It won't  turn heads if that's what you care about.  Sure is blue!
0	It won't  act heads if that's what you care about.  Sure is gloomy!
0	No cons I can find except SD card song recognition.Small plastic covers easy lost.
0	No cons I can find except SD card birdcall recognition.Small plastic binding easy mislay.
1	Good for limited desk space. Fair print speed and good print quality
1	Good for limited desk infinite. Fair print speed and good print caliber
0	Distorted reception
0	tinge reception
1	Easy to use and comes with everything to start taking beautiful digital photos.
1	Easy to exercise and comes with everything to start select beautiful digital photos.
0	Paper Jams
0	Paper jamming
0	none (in use since late 2000)
0	none (in use since previous 2000)
1	Digital photo Lab, Here I come! Lab-quality prints, great color, ink level monitor in software
1	Digital photo Lab, Here I amount! Lab-quality prints, dandy coloration, ink level monitor in software
0	lacks manual controls,  less popular, bulky if used without a flash
0	lacks manual controls,  less pop, bulky if used without a wink
1	Price
1	price
1	Very easy to use
1	Very easygoing to use
0	Eats Batteries, No Zoom
0	rust Batteries, No Zoom
1	Nice phone, easy to use, good reception
1	Nice phone, tardily to use, good reception
1	Manual controls empower you to be creative.
1	Manual ensure empower you to be creative.
1	GREAT PRINT QUALITY
1	GREAT PRINT select
0	Old design, no camera, not offered by Cingular anymore
0	Old design, no camera, not offer by Cingular anymore
1	-good looking
1	-good wait
1	-$100 cost!!!, lightweight, small, clear sounding, feature rich phone
1	-$100 cost!!!, lightweight, small, clear sounding, feature rich telephone
0	Makes a mess of the ink platen, borders, no roll adapter
0	ready a mess of the ink platen, borders, no roam adapter
1	Tri band&#13;&#10;BT, IR & GPRS&#13;&#10;Small size&#13;&#10;Good battery autonomy
1	Tri band&#13;&#10;BT, IR & GPRS&#XIII;&#10;minuscule size&#13;&#10;Good shelling autonomy
0	Cannot handle paper well.
0	Cannot handle paper fountainhead.
0	None so far
0	none so far
0	Bad on-off switch
0	spoilt on-off switch
0	Doesn't maneuver well.  Gets stuck open or closed.   Price.
0	Doesn't maneuver well.  generate stuck open or closed.   Price.
0	It doesn't work
0	It doesn't influence
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	User settings; menu items; holding sign; lack of email
1	4 Mega Pixels, Excellent Value, Fast Response
1	4 Mega Pixels, Excellent Value, fast Response
1	Great features, love the ability to change face plates
1	neat features, love the ability to change face plates
1	Easy to use... light... compact... only keep the pics you want... idiot-proof!
1	soft to use... light... concordat... only keep the pics you want... idiot-proof!
0	Print letters washed-out and fuzzy, Black ink is really charcoal grey. 
0	Print letters washed-out and blurred, fateful ink is really charcoal grey. 
1	It's sleek and light weight
1	It's sleek and igniter weight
1	High Speed, Great Color!!
1	High Speed, Great coloring!!
0	kind of small size screen, battery life isnt the greatest
0	genial of small size screen, battery living isnt the greatest
1	small, convinent , easy to use , high quality live imagez &amp; picturez
1	small, convinent , easy to usance , richly quality live imagez &amp; picturez
0	Screen can be scratched and no carrying case has been designed.
0	screenland can be scratched and no take case has been designed.
1	Easy to Use, looks cool, NO FILM :)
1	Easy to expend, looks cool, NO FILM :)
0	Maybe slimmer battery??
0	Maybe svelte battery??
0	Sony interface is still limiting.
0	Sony interface is stillness limiting.
0	Lack of coverage in some less populated areas.
0	Lack of coverage in some less populated expanse.
0	need keygaurd to not dial, no text messaging...
0	take keygaurd to not dial, no text messaging...
0	poor color depth
0	wretched color depth
0	hard buttons, slow sms menu, average to poor voice quality
0	hard buttons, slow sms menu, average to pathetic spokesperson quality
0	Disconnects automatically, resets display background and ring tones automatically.
0	Disconnects automatically, resets display background and ring chant automatically.
0	Speaker phone not perfected yet.
0	Speaker sound not perfected yet.
0	slow, not the sharpest text it the world
0	dull, not the sharpest text it the world
1	Easy to use, solid build.
1	Easy to use, square build.
1	light weight, easy to use
1	alight weight, easy to use
0	None of the software for printing or editing was compatible with XP.
0	None of the software for impression or cut was compatible with XP.
0	Totally lame flash, Sony Support bites
0	Totally lame flash, Sony substantiate bites
1	Fast printing. Extremely useful. No more trips to Kinkos! Mac-friendly.
1	degenerate printing. Extremely utilitarian. No more trips to Kinkos! Mac-friendly.
0	A little awkward to hold for vertical shots; slow recovery between shots.
0	A slight awkward to hold for vertical gibe; slow recovery between shots.
1	great, crisp photos.
1	peachy, crisp photos.
0	too expensive to buy for non business needs.
0	too expensive to buy for non patronage needs.
1	low cost, easy to use
1	first cost, easy to use
0	Poor tech support, problems installing drivers &amp;amp; paper jams.
0	hapless tech reinforcement, problems installing drivers &amp;amp; paper jams.
0	no USB port or flash memory cards
0	no USB port or flash store cards
1	beautiful pictures, compact size, 3x zoom, AA batteries!
1	beautiful show, compact size, 3x zoom, AA batteries!
1	Inexpensive, durable, compact
1	Inexpensive, durable, squeeze
1	Digital camera and camcorder... oh and it's a phone too!
1	Digital camera and camcorder... OH and it's a earpiece too!
0	High price tag, slow printing on large format printing and high cost ink cartridges
0	High price dog, slow printing on enceinte format printing and high cost ink cartridges
0	Too slow for those with high speed needs
0	Too irksome for those with high speed needs
1	Small.  Cute.  A nice phone.
1	Small.  Cute.  amp nice phone.
1	Very easy to use.  Great pictures on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
1	very easy to use.  Great depict on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
0	No bluetooth.
0	nobelium bluetooth.
1	easy to use, software package included, affordable
1	well-to-do to use, software package included, affordable
0	No adapter, camera case etc.
0	nobelium adapter, camera case etc.
0	Have to buy a longer-lasting battery than the one included
0	hold to buy a longer-lasting battery than the I included
0	no basket (you need to get one yourself), does not collapse all the way
0	no basket (you need to arrest one yourself), does not collapse all the path
0	LCD Display drains out the battery.
0	LCD Display drainage out the battery.
1	Nice size easy to hold. Easy to read display
1	Nice size easy to bind. Easy to read display
1	Great camera name u trust 
1	neat camera name u trust 
0	A little larger than some non-flip phones; a little longer start-up time.
0	A little larger than some non-flip ring; a little longer start-up clip.
1	Well designed external LCD, very convenient form factor, good sound quality and reception.
1	Well designed external LCD, very convenient form factor, unspoilt sound quality and response.
1	design, compatability (size), external lcd, polyphonic ringers
1	pattern, compatability (size), external lcd, polyphonic ringers
1	it was free
1	it was loose
0	size
0	sizing
0	Volume is poor, certain buttons in bad places
0	Volume is poor, certain buttons in bad aim
0	Only flaw is the lack of internal antenna.
0	entirely flaw is the lack of internal antenna.
1	Handsfree speakerphone, quick charging battery and long standby time
1	Handsfree speakerphone, quick send battery and long standby time
1	light, cheap, reliable
1	abstemious, cheap, reliable
0	"Lags" (Explained in Review)
0	"retardation" (Explained in Review)
1	Easy to read face  -user friendly- very clear reception
1	Easy to learn face  -user friendly- very clear reception
0	Batteries dont last long
0	Batteries dont go long
1	Cute, small phone. Large, colorful screen. Good speakerphone. Easily fits into small purse or pocket.
1	Cute, small phone. big, colorful screen. honest speakerphone. Easily go into small purse or pocket.
0	no USB port (only serial) for downloads
0	no USB interface (only serial) for downloads
0	none
0	none
0	It gave poor results in the dark
0	It gave poor results in the dismal
0	Size, poor integration ergonomics&#13;&#10;Very weak ringer
0	Size, poor integration ergonomics&#13;&#10;Very unaccented ringer
1	Good Cell Phone in durable housing. Great speakerphone
1	dependable Cell Phone in durable housing. Great speakerphone
1	Styling, performance and features, external Caller ID
1	title, performance and features, external Caller ID
1	Small, Light Weight, Easy to navigate, lots of options
1	Small, Light Weight, Easy to navigate, fortune of options
1	10x zoom, good high-light pictures, uses AA batteries, 
1	10x zoom, good high-light image, uses AA batteries, 
1	Small, great volume, flexible options. Love the speaker phone
1	minor, great volume, flexible options. Love the speaker phone
1	Easy to use, zoom, built-in lens cover, screen or viewfinder, quality modes
1	Easy to use, zoom, built-in lens address, screen or viewfinder, character modes
1	Very lightweight, easy to fold, attractive.
1	Very lightweight, slow to fold, attractive.
1	Good price, clear color
1	Good price, absolved color
1	Feature packed, Outshines Sony &amp; Canon!
1	Feature packed, Outshines Sony &amp; canyon!
1	Great Mobile Phone, the finest phone in the market today, very Cool
1	Great Mobile Phone, the finest earpiece in the market today, very chill
1	Durable, rechargeable battery
1	Durable, rechargeable shelling
0	2X digital zoom(so basically no zoom)
0	2X digital zoom(so fundamentally no zoom)
0	Hard to store and travel with, not very comfortable for toddlers
0	heavily to depot and travel with, not very comfortable for toddlers
1	Simple, easy to use
1	Simple, well-off to use
0	I wish it was thinner.
0	1 wish it was thinner.
1	Price, print quality, ease of use
1	Price, print quality, ease of utilisation
0	Only comes with Serial download, no USB provision.
0	just comes with Serial download, no USB provision.
1	great photo quality and quick printing
1	great photo prize and quick printing
0	Heads get clogged and out of alignment; bad experience six mo. after purchase
0	heading get clogged and out of alignment; bad receive six mo. after purchase
1	Incredibly easy to use!
1	Incredibly easy to expend!
1	Price, output
1	cost, output
1	Small
1	lowly
0	Uses lots of photo paper(lol)
0	utilization lots of photo paper(lol)
0	bad battery life, bad reception, expensive, outdated technology
0	bad battery lifespan, bad reception, expensive, outdated technology
1	Picture, Features, Battery Life, Ease of Use, Construction
1	video, Features, Battery Life, Ease of Use, Construction
1	Solidly built phone- great clear reception
1	Solidly built phone- great net reception
0	you can't zoom, poor quality pics, friend's with better cameras laugh at you
0	you can't zoom, poor choice pics, friend's with skilful cameras laugh at you
0	unreliable reception, weak battery
0	unreliable reception, imperfect battery
0	Not cheap, slow with graphics, occassionally jams
0	Not cheap, slow with graphics, occassionally wad
1	The resolution and the colors are beautiful.  Can be used for enlargements.
1	The solvent and the colors are beautiful.  Can be used for expansion.
0	Long delay between flash recharges,&amp; only 16MB memory card.
0	long delay between fanfare recharges,&amp; only 16MB memory card.
0	No Internet
0	No cyberspace
0	Small baskets.
0	small baskets.
0	A discontinued model with Verizon.  Got mine at Radio Shack. NLA at Verizon.
0	A discontinued manakin with Verizon.  arrive mine at Radio Shack. NLA at Verizon.
1	Compact size, fits easily in the pocket and loud ring.
1	Compact size, fits easily in the pocket and flashy telephone.
0	Size (it's HUGE!), ink cart. prices, paper-feed problems
0	Size (it's HUGE!), ink cart. prices, paper-feed trouble
0	Lose a picture if battery is low;
0	Lose a picture if battery is small;
1	speed, color graduations, picture resolution, sharpness of print
1	speed, color graduations, picture resolution, pungency of print
0	takes up most of your trunk
0	read up most of your trunk
0	Not very comfortable, no shopping basket, slightly suspect raincover fittings
0	Not very well-situated, no shopping basket, slightly shady raincover fittings
0	Slightly Awkward User Interface
0	slightly Awkward User Interface
0	Ink use; ink expense
0	Ink use; ink disbursement
1	Low price for 3+ Mega pixels; Comes with a charger and AC adaptor
1	Low price for leash+ Mega pixels; occur with a charger and AC adaptor
1	small, somewhat quiet
1	small, somewhat calm
1	elegant design, compact, excellect battery life, good reception
1	elegant design, compact, excellect battery life, upright reception
0	The photo editing software offers little in the way of editing.  
0	The photo redact package offers little in the way of editing.  
1	great pictures, lots of features, price is coming down!
1	great pictures, distribute of features, price is coming down!
0	No zoom, short battery life
0	No zoom, short battery lifetime
0	Manual really sparse
0	Manual rattling sparse
0	Short battery life. . . be prepared to have plenty on hand to upload pictures
0	little battery life. . . be prepared to have plenty on hand to upload exposure
1	Multiple functions, software bundle
1	Multiple functions, software package
1	none
1	none
0	Nothing but trouble!!! from AT&T and the phone itself.
0	Nothing but distract!!! from AT&t and the phone itself.
0	factory refurbished did not come with lens cap
0	factory refurbished did not occur with lens cap
0	Anemic 4 mb memory stick and poor battery life
0	Anemic 4 MiB memory stick and poor battery life
0	Heart-stopping price if bought without service
0	Heart-stopping price if bribe without service
1	Looks good
1	Looks respectable
1	Free with T-mobile
1	resign with T-mobile
1	Extremely sharp pictures, Zeiss lens, USB support, good size, huge storage capacity, advanced exposure modes, excellent menu system, good user control, pretty good software,  
1	Extremely sharp pictures, Zeiss lens, USB support, serious size, huge storage capacity, advanced exposure modes, excellent menu system, respectable user ensure, pretty well software,  
1	CHEAP (in price)   Decent quality
1	CHEAP (in price)   seemly quality
0	Bundled storage card is too insubstantial. No voice with Movie recording. Manual lacks quality content.
0	Bundled storage placard is too insubstantial. No voice with Movie record. Manual deficiency quality content.
1	Good for the kids
1	Good for the fry
1	Lots of features, lots of battery life
1	slews of features, lots of battery life
0	Battery life
0	Battery sprightliness
1	Versatile and reliable communication with good audio
1	Versatile and reliable communication with sound audio
1	Good images, uploadable, easy to use, LCD, everything
1	Good images, uploadable, gentle to use, LCD, everything
0	None that i can think of
0	None that i can conceive of
1	Cheap good printer
1	brassy good printer
0	warm up time ink usage
0	affectionate up time ink usage
1	STYLE! Color, polyphonic tones, speakerphone, radio, headset
1	STYLE! Color, polyphonic quality, speakerphone, radio, headset
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, indulgent Vibrate
1	Rugged, Kodak Authentication Module, ActiveX interface.
1	Rugged, Kodak Authentication module, ActiveX interface.
0	None
0	none
0	internal antenna, inconsistent earpiece volume, seems much more fragile than the 6190
0	intragroup antenna, inconsistent earpiece volume, seems practically more fragile than the 6190
0	Loud, small ink tanks, all-in-one colour cartridge..
0	forte, small ink tanks, all-in-one colour cartridge..
0	short alkaline battery life, slow connection using serial port, not photo quality
0	short alkaline battery life-time, ho-hum connection using serial port, not photo quality
1	Photo quality prints that look like real photos!
1	Photo quality prints that await like real photos!
1	Compact and inexpensive
1	constrict and inexpensive
0	print quality, paper tray
0	print calibre, paper tray
0	Picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slow shutter speed
0	Picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slow shutter zip
1	All in one.
1	All in matchless.
1	Color screen, easy to handle, like its shape
1	distort screen, easy to handle, like its shape
0	Could be a little more "attractive," not a must though.
0	Could be a niggling more "attractive," not a moldiness though.
0	A little on the expensive side.
0	A fiddling on the expensive side.
0	Battery life
0	Battery living
0	Has wasteful features, and a inadequate zoom
0	Has wasteful feature, and a inadequate zoom
0	Batteries work for about 5 minutes, No zoom
0	Batteries work for about quint minutes, No zoom
0	few color choices
0	few colorise choices
1	Small, Light, Easy to Use, 4 Megapixel!
1	Small, brightness, Easy to Use, 4 Megapixel!
1	fast, awesome picture quality, 6 separate ink cartridges, usb connection
1	immobile, awesome envision quality, 6 separate ink cartridges, usb connection
1	Easy to use, floppy disk storage
1	wanton to use, floppy disk storage
1	Small, Lite, simple to use and Very Sheik
1	Small, Lite, dewy-eyed to use and Very Sheik
0	All things that would be expected from a small camera
0	All things that would be ask from a minor camera
1	None - buy anything else
1	none - buy anything else
1	Fast- Good quality- Relaible-
1	Fast- near quality- Relaible-
0	No zoom, Battery recharge too long, , Small screen, , More expensive than other 2MP cameras
0	No zoom, barrage recharge too long, , Small filmdom, , More expensive than other 2MP cameras
1	good value, good quality
1	safe value, good quality
1	The diskette , convenient, and many features.
1	The diskette , convenient, and many sport.
1	Great Quality, Extremely Fast. Looks Good.
1	Great Quality, Extremely Fast. reckon Good.
0	Ringtone Volume
0	Ringtone bulk
1	Great photo quality prints. Excellent value.
1	Great photo quality prints. Excellent prise.
1	Nice flip cover, light weight,
1	Nice flip cover, lite weight,
1	Picture Quality,Easy to Setup,Versatility
1	icon Quality,Easy to Setup,Versatility
0	horrible color issues left my pictures looking unrealistic &amp; cartoon-like
0	horrible colourise effect left my pictures looking unrealistic &amp; cartoon-like
1	Palm OS, functionality, flexibility
1	Palm O, functionality, flexibility
1	light, portable, stores images to floppy
1	light, portable, stores range to floppy
0	Drops calls, slow OS, no flash on camera, bad camera, ugly, small outside screen...Everything!
0	Drops foretell, slow OS, no dash on camera, spoiled camera, ugly, small outside screen...Everything!
0	High Consumables, Limited Paper Input
0	High Consumables, circumscribe Paper Input
0	horrid battery life, can't download ringtones, don't leave the interstate
0	horrific battery liveliness, can't download ringtones, don't leave the interstate
0	Its all a sad charade
0	Its all a sad put-on
1	Long battery life, easy to use, excellent size.
1	Long battery life, easy to exercise, excellent size.
1	Low Price, good quality
1	Low Price, effective quality
0	Expensive ink, can't refill the cartridges using a kit.
0	Expensive ink, can't refill the cartridges practice a kit.
1	Ease of use, 4AA batteries, compact
1	Ease of usage, 4AA batteries, compact
1	4.0MP, manual and auto controls, very little shutter lag
1	4.0MP, manual and machine curb, very little shutter lag
0	A little heavier than I would want but not too heavy
0	A little clayey than I would want but not too enceinte
1	Great Clarity and Color, Ease of Digital Storage and Erasing
1	capital Clarity and Color, alleviate of Digital Storage and Erasing
1	none
1	none
1	Very user friendly
1	rattling user friendly
1	USB connectivity, 3x optical zoom, color reproduction
1	USB connectivity, 3x optical zoom, colouration reproduction
1	Cheap!  Nice deskstand!
1	gaudy!  Nice deskstand!
1	high quality, inexpensive product
1	high caliber, inexpensive product
1	Pictures are perfect, nice small well built body
1	visualize are perfect, nice small well built body
1	Initially was great multifunction for our small business.  It replaced a Hp3000
1	Initially was great multifunction for our small line.  It supersede a Hp3000
1	Instant pictures, Easy to use, and picture upload time is quick
1	Instant flick, Easy to utilise, and picture upload time is quick
0	Cheaply made, uncomfortable, no head support or cushioning. 
0	Cheaply made, uncomfortable, no head indorse or cushioning. 
1	RESOLUTION, speed, ease of use, price
1	RESOLUTION, speed, ease of utilization, price
1	Very east to use, great price, decent scan speed/quality.
1	Very east to use, great price, adequate scan fastness/quality.
1	signal quality better than i700 - less/no dead zones
1	indicate quality better than i700 - less/no dead zones
0	VERY FRAGILE (learned the hard way!)
0	VERY FRAGILE (learned the hard fashion!)
1	Low cost, cute, standard USB cable
1	Low price, cute, standard USB cable
0	it died after 8 months of use.
0	it died after 8 months of utilisation.
1	ease of use
1	ease of utilise
1	easy to use, fun colors, unique
1	easy to use, fun discolour, unique
1	Digital Camera, Sprint Quality Service, Sanyo Quality Product
1	Digital Camera, Sprint Quality service, Sanyo Quality Product
1	nice features
1	nice feature
0	Grainy picture, night time shots not good, Very cheap construction.
0	Grainy picture, night meter guessing not good, Very cheap construction.
1	CF Type I/II slot, timer, continuous shooting.
1	Cf Type I/II slot, timer, continuous shooting.
1	small, stylish, easy to use. Camera. Assignable ring tones
1	small, stylish, easy to use. Camera. transferrable ring tones
1	Cheap, toner is cheap, small compact size
1	Cheap, toner is cheap, small concordat size
0	a bit slow on the get-up-and-go
0	a second slow on the get-up-and-go
0	Signal, Battery Life
0	sign, Battery Life
0	Battery life, menu navigation
0	Battery animation, menu navigation
0	S-L-O-W.  Poor paper feeder
0	S-L-O-W.  Poor paper eater
0	Battery dies after a day and hard to take out.  
0	Battery dysprosium after a day and firmly to take out.  
0	none
0	none
0	ink cost
0	ink toll
0	Lens cover tricky to close, need to buy accessories
0	Lens cover tricky to close, want to buy accessories
0	Trying to print a couple of photos was a little tricky. 
0	Trying to print a yoke of photos was a niggling tricky. 
1	Super-easy to use
1	Super-easy to utilization
1	2.0 Mega pixels,LCD screen,great quality photos when not zooming.
1	2.zero Mega pixels,LCD shield,great quality photos when not zooming.
1	Digital, can put on computers, viewing screen, quality and flash settings, does not use film, durable, easy to use.
1	Digital, can put on computers, viewing screen, quality and flash background, does not apply film, durable, easy to consumption.
1	Easy to use, good resolution, large memory
1	Easy to use, good resolution, declamatory memory
0	battery gauge needs re-written.
0	battery gauge want re-written.
1	Excellent printing capabilities, versatile, scanner, fax, copier, more?
1	splendid printing capabilities, versatile, scanner, fax, copier, more?
0	Could have better sound quality, no color screen
0	Could have upright sound quality, no color screen
1	- Weather proof casing &amp;#13;&amp;#10;- 2 megapixels resolution &amp;#13;&amp;#10;- Windows or Apple
1	- Weather proof encase &amp;#13;&amp;#X;- 2 megapixels resolution &A;#13;&amp;#10;- Windows or Apple
0	scratches and dents too easily, can't charge phone using USB data cable.
0	scar and dents too easily, can't direction phone using USB data cable.
0	Expensive printer cartridges.
0	expensive printer cartridges.
1	Easy to hold and operate
1	Easy to hold and mesh
1	Beautiful screen, polyphonic ring tones, 144kb/sec internet access, free second battery.
1	Beautiful screen, polyphonic ring tones, 144kb/sec internet access, free indorsement shelling.
1	Great Quality photos, Solid feel. large # of features, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Memory Card, USB+.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	enceinte Quality photos, strong feel. large # of features, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Memory wag, USB+.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Terrible ringers.
0	fearful ringers.
0	Not as high quality resolution as others
0	Not as high quality solution as others
1	Relatively tough phone, nice features for a basic or entry level user.
1	Relatively tough phone, nice features for a basic or entrance point user.
0	mechanical parts
0	mechanical portion
1	Inexpensive Media, Optical View Finder, Switchable LCD, LCD Cover
1	Inexpensive Media, Optical horizon Finder, Switchable LCD, LCD Cover
1	great price, great value, great product
1	great price, great prise, great product
0	Not so stellar text output, slow print speeds, expensive media and ink cartridges
0	Not so stellar text output, retard print speed, expensive media and ink cartridges
0	LCD is small, software isn't the best
0	LCD is small, software isn't the effective
1	full control in manual mode, LCD viewfinder, lightweight.
1	replete control in manual mode, LCD viewfinder, lightweight.
0	Little on the heavy side.  Larger than I would prefer.
0	Little on the enceinte side.  expectant than I would prefer.
1	excellent image quality, flexible, powerful!
1	excellent image quality, flexible, mightily!
1	color screen, external display, calendar
1	colour screen, external display, calendar
1	Full QWERTY keyboard, index finger typing, candy bar design flips open, Bluetooth.
1	Full QWERTY keyboard, indicant finger typing, candy bar blueprint flips open, Bluetooth.
0	pricey ink refills, tabloid sheets are manual feed.
0	pricey ink refills, tabloid rag are manual feed.
0	various
0	versatile
1	simple to use
1	simple to purpose
1	Price, Features, Usability, USB
1	Price, sport, Usability, USB
0	camera breaks, Agfa does nothing except tell lies
0	camera founder, Agfa does nothing except tell lies
0	Cost
0	price
1	memories, previewing as it happens, showing to people as you go
1	memories, previewing as it happens, display to mass as you go
0	Pricey
0	high-priced
0	Only 1.44 MB for storing pictures.
0	Only 1.44 MB for storing picture.
0	Poor battery life, difficulty with card slot, number of menus to do some features.
0	Poor battery life, difficulty with carte slot, number of fare to do some features.
0	Red eye, a little on the expensive side
0	cerise eye, a little on the expensive side
1	Inexpensive, 6-Color System
1	Inexpensive, 6-Color arrangement
0	Ink Tank Capacity
0	Ink Tank capacity
1	clamshell design, great reception, good looks, easy to use menu system, low SAR score
1	clamshell design, great reception, good calculate, easy to use menu system, depressed SAR score
1	Good image quality, High resolution, Simple to use, Small size makes it very portable
1	right image quality, High resolution, Simple to use, little size makes it very portable
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	No storage compartment.
0	No depot compartment.
1	Works well with Peg Perego strollers, strap to tighten in the baby works well
1	Works swell with Peg Perego strollers, strap to tighten in the baby knead well
0	antenna form factor, usre interface, overall design, battery life.
0	antenna form broker, usre interface, overall design, battery life.
0	not speedy as regular film cameras, Expensive
0	not speedy as veritable film cameras, Expensive
0	A little big, and a little heavy, could use a little more storage and resolution.
0	A little openhanded, and a little laboured, could purpose a little more storage and resolution.
0	Horrible speaker phone sound quality, less than great battery life
0	Horrible speaker phone sound quality, less than great barrage lifetime
1	compact, sleek design
1	compact, sleek conception
1	Automatic focus and exposure, solid design
1	Automatic focalise and exposure, solid design
1	Cool looking, even when it doesn't work
1	Cool reckon, even when it doesn't work
0	9 Minutes to Print a Page
0	9 second to Print a Page
0	red eye issues, the focus is sometimes weird
0	red eye number, the focus is sometimes weird
0	a little slow
0	a trivial slow
1	Many features, but easy to use
1	Many lineament, but easy to use
0	Battery Life, Software, User Interface, No charger
0	Battery animation, Software, User Interface, No charger
1	Perfect for the technically impaired-easy to use, no hook up needed.
1	Perfect for the technically impaired-easy to habit, no bait up needed.
0	envelop slot and 4x6 photo slot jams, outrageous prices on ink.
0	envelop slot and 4x6 photo slot jams, horrid toll on ink.
1	Great sound, nice video playback, solid build, MP3 ringtones, solid keypad, rotating camera, bluetooth
1	Great sound, nice video playback, solid frame, MP3 ringtones, self-colored keypad, rotating camera, bluetooth
0	grainy pictures , frustrating .....
0	grainy show , frustrating .....
0	Standard batteries are a little short on life.
0	Standard batteries are a little short on aliveness.
1	Great Manual features, clear pictures, good battery life
1	Great Manual features, clear pictures, effective battery life
1	Ease of use, easy to set up.
1	still of use, easy to set up.
0	Can't think of any
0	Can't believe of any
1	Affordable, good quality prints when it works, individual ink tanks.
1	low-cost, good quality prints when it function, individual ink tanks.
0	Constant paper jams, poor quality, and noisy
0	Constant paper jams, poor character, and noisy
0	Not enough pixels to use for printed out pictures
0	Not enough pixels to use for print out pictures
1	Very Quiet and Very Fast
1	Very calm and Very Fast
0	none
0	none
1	ZOOM, dual LCD Displays, Great Menus, Can be fully manual but fully automatic, etc......
1	ZOOM, treble LCD Displays, Great Menus, Can be fully manual but amply automatic, etc......
1	Large phonebook, alarm
1	Large phonebook, dismay
0	harder to find the ink at stores
0	harder to see the ink at stores
0	loud, slow, smeared text, no support
0	loud, slow, smeared text, no abide
0	Cost of Epson brand printer cartridges
0	Cost of Epson blade printer cartridges
1	cheap
1	tacky
0	Battery Life, Layout, Bluetooth, Speakerphone, Speed.
0	Battery spirit, Layout, Bluetooth, Speakerphone, Speed.
1	Compact and well-featured
1	press and well-featured
1	picture
1	visualize
0	Some options are slow, but can be expected
0	Some alternative are slow, but can be expected
0	Limited zoom, special battery
0	Limited zoom, limited battery
1	value,  removeable storage, LCD display, good software, 
1	value,  removeable storage, LCD display, unspoiled software, 
1	Awesome Reception, Extra Features, Phone illuminates, a Great Phone for Anyone!
1	Awesome Reception, Extra Features, Phone illuminates, a bang-up earpiece for Anyone!
0	Runs out of ink too frequently
0	prevail out of ink too frequently
1	Excellent picture quality, good battery life, easy to use
1	Excellent depict quality, good battery life, easy to use
0	reception
0	response
0	None that I know of...
0	None that I screw of...
1	Small size, well built, high-res display, FM radio
1	Small size, good built, high-res display, FM radio
1	compact size, light weight, powerful features, easy to use
1	compact size, light weight, powerful features, leisurely to use
0	Lack of networking support; no multipage FAX input
0	Lack of networking backup; no multipage FAX input
1	Great Quality, Rotating Head, Lot's of features
1	peachy Quality, Rotating Head, Lot's of features
1	Well designed, Well priced, Excellent capabilities
1	Well designed, comfortably priced, Excellent capabilities
0	Small storage card, battery life.
0	Small storage scorecard, battery life.
0	only works in bright light
0	only works in bright lightness
1	Great integration of PDA and Cell Phone.&#13;&#10;Wonderful color screen and graphics.&#13;&#10;
1	corking integration of PDA and Cell Phone.&#thirteen;&#decade;Wonderful color screen and graphics.&#13;&#10;
0	I am staying up nights, trying to think of some cons, but no luck yet.
0	I am staying up nights, trying to cerebrate of some bunco, but no chance yet.
1	Quality of scans, prints and copies are great.
1	Quality of scans, prints and copies are swell.
0	Frustrating buttons, poor sound quality, frustrating user interface, annoying charger
0	torment buttons, poor sound quality, frustrating user port, annoying charger
1	Compact, Uses AA batteries, Good Picture Quality, Inexpensive
1	constrict, Uses AA batteries, Good Picture Quality, Inexpensive
0	Other than crippled Bluetooth, no cons!
0	Other than crippled Bluetooth, no rook!
0	Bad prints and scans, slow, jams a lot, Large streaks with black prints
0	Bad prints and scans, slow, jams a wad, Large streaks with inkiness prints
1	Nice look, low price
1	Nice look, downcast price
0	Frontal direct flash, quick battery drainage
0	Frontal direct blink, quick battery drainage
0	Annoying software
0	vexatious software
0	Hard to find
0	Hard to recover
0	Awful WAP browser, sensitive screen, no vibration, no logos/picture messages, slow processor, short battery life.
0	Awful WAP browser, sensitive screen, no vibration, no logos/delineation messages, slack processor, short battery living.
1	Fast, large high-quality prints, easy to install on a Mac system
1	Fast, expectant high-quality prints, light to install on a Mac system
1	Worked after being dropped
1	Worked after being cast
0	delicate casing, few bugs (volume), still Sprint
0	delicate casing, few bugs (volume), nevertheless Sprint
1	high quality with a low price
1	mellow quality with a low price
0	Battery life
0	bombardment life
0	Slower Shutter response that any Film Camera.
0	Slower Shutter reception that any Film Camera.
1	Great reception, clarity of calls, color screen, basically a pretty fun little phone.
1	great reception, clarity of scream, color screen, basically a pretty fun little phone.
0	No double sided printing
0	No treble sided printing
0	Pictures not super quality.  Image screen a little slow
0	Pictures not super quality.  Image screen a little deadening
1	Fast, brilliant printing.  Easy, quick set up
1	Fast, bright printing.  Easy, quick set up
1	Uses a disk instead of uploading with cables, etc.
1	Uses a disk rather of uploading with cables, etc.
1	While not perfect, this Nokia phone is quite nice
1	While not hone, this Nokia phone is quite nice
0	Finicky USB connection
0	particular USB connection
0	Can't use Recharge Batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Bad Battery life
0	Can't use Recharge Batteries&A;#13;&amp;#10;regretful Battery life
0	Poor speaker quality, poor signal strength, ringtones too cutesy, forget about the vibrate feature.
0	Poor speaker tone, poor signal strength, ringtones too cutesy, forget about the tickle feature.
0	Battery life
0	barrage life
0	Pricy for a mass-produced item; Lack of self timer for MPEGs; Location of Zoom switch
0	Pricy for a mass-produce item; Lack of self timer for MPEGs; placement of Zoom replacement
0	RINGER, VOLUME, RECEPTION, Battery Life
0	RINGER, VOLUME, RECEPTION, barrage Life
1	no need of a computer, USB supported
1	no need of a computer, USB confirm
1	Small, Excellent Battery Life, Web Browser Built In
1	low, Excellent Battery Life, Web Browser Built In
0	Loud paper loader,paper falls off.
0	brassy paper loader,paper falls off.
1	great product
1	dandy product
0	screen goes blank and no support from manufacture
0	screen goes blank and no reinforcement from manufacture
0	4 Mb memory stick
0	4 Mb memory vex
0	price, but its not that bad
0	toll, but its not that bad
1	Samll, Simple, Olympus quality
1	Samll, Simple, Olympus prize
1	Color Screen, GPRS (high speed wireless), World Phone
1	discolor Screen, GPRS (high speed wireless), World Phone
0	A little Slow. Uses ink up fast
0	A short Slow. Uses ink up fast
1	cheap, nice pictures,easy to use
1	cheap, nice depict,easy to use
0	Battery Drainer extreme, LCD wont work all the time.
0	Battery Drainer extreme, LCD wont run all the time.
1	Large color display, Great features
1	Large color expose, Great features
0	The lens pulls in slow, takes a few seconds to recharge for next picture.
0	The lens extract in slow, carry a few seconds to recharge for next picture.
0	antenna
0	aerial
1	Low ink usage, Decent prints at 600X600 dpi
1	crushed ink usage, Decent prints at 600X600 dpi
0	I can't get it to turn on
0	I can't bring it to turn on
1	Low price, ease of use, high &amp;quot;bang for the buck&amp;quot;
1	depression price, ease of use, high &amp;quot;slapdash for the buck&amp;quot;
1	photo-quality color, high speed, whisper quiet
1	photo-quality gloss, high speed, whisper quiet
1	small, great design, quality pictures
1	small, great design, quality image
0	non-durable, rough, clumsy
0	non-durable, rough, unwieldy
1	Very easy to use
1	very easy to use
0	high price
0	highschool price
0	Stupid lens cap/power on problem, LCD should swivel as well as tilt.
0	Stupid lens cap/power on problem, LCD should swivel as substantially as inclination.
1	lightweight, better reception, small, new features
1	lightweight, better reception, small, newfangled features
1	Takes outstanding pictures.  Has more features than I expected. Very easy to use.
1	hire outstanding pictures.  feature more features than I expected. Very easy to use.
0	battery, battery, and battery
0	battery, shelling, and battery
0	No speakerphone
0	no speakerphone
0	flimsy lens cap, software difficulties
0	thin lens cap, software difficulties
0	games, computer connectivity.
0	punt, computer connectivity.
0	Lack of Optical Zoom (it's a pricey feature)
0	Lack of Optical Zoom (it's a pricey characteristic)
0	Picture sizes 
0	video sizes 
0	Battery life not as great as expected.
0	Battery life not as slap-up as expected.
0	speakerphone is a little weak, annoying you can't go directly to phonebook
0	speakerphone is a little rickety, annoying you can't operate directly to phonebook
0	Very poor earpiece volume, poor battery life
0	real poor earpiece volume, poor battery life
0	Ships with 8mb SM card, No Case, No lens attachments.
0	Ships with 8mb MSc card, No Case, No lens attachment.
1	Superb Black and Color Printing!  Excellent Photo Quality!
1	Superb Black and Color impression!  Excellent Photo Quality!
1	Great photo printing, descent text, USB and parallel interface
1	Great photo printing, descent text, USB and analogue interface
1	Seemingly sturdier design with no loss of output or reception. Needs no separate cover.
1	Seemingly sturdier design with no loss of turnout or reception. Needs no furcate cover.
1	Takes wonderfull pictures
1	hire wonderfull pictures
0	eats AA batteries like crazy
0	eats AA batteries like nutcase
1	Multi Function Center Button
1	Multi Function essence Button
0	Noisy, clogs easily, slow&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Noisy, clogs easily, slack&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Excellent performance in well-lit scenes, price, resolution, features, easy to use
1	Excellent performance in well-lit scenes, cost, resolution, features, easy to purpose
1	Tons of memory for taking photos, decent software package, fast downloads
1	lots of memory for need photos, decent software package, fast downloads
0	It doesnt have bluetooth and I would prefer a better quality perhaps metal casing.
0	It doesnt have bluetooth and I would prefer a respectable quality perhaps metal incase.
0	none to date
0	none to engagement
1	On-Board Photocopy feature easy to use;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Prints well&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quick and easy to set-up
1	On-Board Photocopy feature comfortable to exercise;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Prints well&amp;#13;&amp;#10;fast and loose to set-up
0	buggy USB driver
0	bonkers USB driver
1	Compact, , Chick Magnet (huge cute factor), , Affordable, 
1	summary, , Chick Magnet (huge cute factor), , Affordable, 
0	The worst of all digital cameras in 3.3 Megapixel
0	The pip of all digital cameras in triad.3 Megapixel
1	Picture quality, small size, good looks
1	icon quality, small size, good looks
1	Very easy to use, durable and clean quick pictures.
1	Very easy to use, long-lasting and clean quick pictures.
0	Goes bad frequently, poor reception/range, short battery life when you're far from a tower.
0	crack bad frequently, poor reception/tramp, short-circuit battery life when you're far from a tower.
0	Quality of pictures is not very good
0	choice of pictures is not very good
1	Nice idea
1	Nice mind
1	Superlative Print Quality, quietness, speed, two-sided printing is fab
1	Superlative Print timbre, quietness, speed, two-sided printing is fab
1	Connectivity, interface, look.
1	Connectivity, interface, search.
1	Great Price, Great Photos, Great Features
1	Great Price, Great picture, Great Features
1	print quality, ease of use
1	print quality, ease of purpose
0	regular paper printing
0	regular theme printing
0	Bulkiness
0	bulkiness
0	bulky, hard to push, expensive
0	bulky, difficult to push, expensive
1	Reception, Battert Life, Styling, Voice Activation, Low Radiation
1	Reception, Battert Life, Styling, Voice Activation, broken Radiation
1	Flexibility, Usability, Technology, Price, Quality
1	Flexibility, Usability, Technology, Price, prime
1	Ton of Features. Nice look.
1	Ton of Features. Nice looking.
0	Antenna is flimsy, menus are bulky
0	Antenna is onionskin, menus are bulky
0	bad quality photos, no flash, long wait for download
0	bad quality photos, no trice, long wait for download
1	Ease of use, Quality, Falling Price, Zoom
1	rest of use, Quality, Falling Price, Zoom
1	Print Quality, fast printing, fast warm-up, nice software,USB,light, compact, cheap, envelope feeder
1	Print Quality, fast printing, fast warm-up, nice software,USB,luminance, compact, flashy, envelope feeder
1	Keyboard, customizable menus, LOUD speaker phone, radio, voice dial, easy calender/planner
1	Keyboard, customizable menus, LOUD Speaker headphone, radio, voice dial, easy calender/planner
0	printer refill expensive
0	printer replenish expensive
0	Cartridge costs $34.00 +
0	cartridge costs $34.00 +
0	Expensive Cell time and sometimes no signal
0	Expensive Cell time and sometimes no signalize
0	Horrible customer service
0	Horrible client service
1	Easy to use, great quality
1	Easy to utilization, great quality
0	Same problems as all non-pro digital cameras: shutter lag and startup time
0	Saami trouble as all non-pro digital cameras: shutter lag and startup time
0	no flash &amp; you lose all your pix if the battery goez dead . 
0	no flash &amp; you miss all your pix if the battery goez perfectly . 
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges
0	Expensive Ink cartridge
0	Low Battery Life
0	moo Battery Life
0	Impossible to focus correctly, no flash, very fragile
0	Impossible to focus correctly, no flashbulb, very fragile
1	nokia is smaller
1	nokia is pocket-size
1	Works quickly
1	employment quickly
0	lacks optical zoom
0	lacks optic zoom
0	battery
0	barrage
0	headset and other jacks not durable, requires phone jacket to prevent damage
0	headset and other knave not long-lasting, requires phone jacket to prevent damage
1	Many features.
1	Many boast.
0	THE PRICE!, very bulky, the battery life and the 640 x 480 resolution.
0	THE toll!, very bulky, the battery life and the 640 X 480 resolution.
1	small, light, built in speaker phone
1	humble, light, built in speaker phone
1	great photos, good movies 
1	great photos, just movies 
0	Only 16 Meg stick, batts take 13 hours to charge, no case or AC adapter
0	but 16 Meg gravel, batts demand 13 hours to charge, no case or AC adapter
1	Good price, good pictures.
1	Good price, sound pictures.
1	Strong music player, impressive multimedia features, good volume/speakerphones.
1	Strong music player, impressive multimedia features, skillful volume/speakerphones.
0	nothing
0	naught
1	Inexpensive, easily hooks up to the television for viewing
1	Inexpensive, easily hooks up to the television for reckon
0	does a song and dance routine while starting, worked for a year
0	does a song and saltation routine while starting, exploit for a year
1	Key board, free sync softwate, IR port, phone software, screen...
1	Key board, disengage sync softwate, IR port, phone software, filmdom...
0	Lag time between shots, "demo" software, strictly daytime photos.
0	Lag time between shooting, "demo" software, strictly daytime photos.
1	easy, fits easily in a purse or some bigger pockets, price
1	easy, suit easily in a handbag or some bigger pockets, price
0	A little bulky, no aperture priority or shutter priority exposure modes
0	A slight bulky, no aperture priority or shutter priority vulnerability modes
0	Limited optical zoom
0	restrain optical zoom
0	Certain menu navigations; Width
0	Certain menu navigation; Width
1	Small size
1	low size
1	Slim, light phone, good reception, great graphics and functions.
1	Slim, spark phone, good reception, great graphics and functions.
1	Fast, High Quality, and Very Modular
1	fasting, High Quality, and Very Modular
0	Slightly heavy, needs lighting
0	Slightly heavy, needs illume
0	Not always recognizing voice command
0	Not always recognizing spokesperson command
0	none
0	none
0	Small annoyances in the menu features and keyguard
0	Small annoyances in the menu have and keyguard
0	Too many to list, but I'll try.
0	Too many to list, but I'll judge.
0	None so far
0	None so ALIR
0	not too easy to set up if you dont have the required setup
0	not too easy to fructify up if you dont have the need setup
0	a little pricy, but not too bad
0	a little pricy, but not too high-risk
0	very beautiful
0	very beautiful
0	Although a 10x zoom is featured, there are no optional 200 or 300mm lens that I'm aware of.
0	Although a 10x surge is boast, there are no optional 200 or 300mm lens that I'm cognisant of.
0	Poor quality photo's
0	Poor prime photo's
0	Bad b&amp;amp;w images
0	sorry b&amp;amp;w images
0	fragile, unreliable 
0	delicate, unreliable 
0	Short battery life, Connection problems
0	inadequate battery life, Connection problems
1	easy to use, superb quality printing in black and color
1	slow to use, superb quality impression in black and color
0	No color screen.
0	No colourize screen.
0	none
0	none
0	Price and memory card - 8mb
0	Price and memory placard - 8mb
1	Light weight, durable, basic phone
1	Light weight, durable, canonic phone
0	No optical zoom, digital zoom makes for poor quality images, short battery life.
0	No optical zoom, digital zoom makes for poor quality see, short shelling life.
1	Ease of use, resolution, color
1	Ease of function, resolution, color
1	Versatility, Tech support, ease of use
1	Versatility, Tech support, still of use
1	nice fashion for  the new year
1	nice fashion for  the freshly year
1	Easy to operate, uses floppy disks for film
1	Easy to operate, uses floppy harrow for film
1	Easy SMSing and design.
1	Easy SMSing and project.
0	a little big for limited desk space
0	a little giving for limited desk space
0	Poor documentation and support
0	Poor support and support
1	Light, good-looking, games, and web-ready
1	Light, good-looking, punt, and web-ready
1	It came free with the service
1	It came liberal with the service
0	poor imported picture quality, poor style compared to newer phones
0	poor imported video quality, poor manner compared to newer phones
1	Great for home/medium volume use.  Good print quality.  Stunning photos.
1	Great for home/medium volume usage.  Good print quality.  bedaze photos.
0	Lots of problems with this printer and it's drivers, Parallel port only, Parallel cord not included, Uses lots of ink quickly
0	piles of problems with this printer and it's drivers, Parallel interface only, Parallel cord not included, US much of ink quickly
0	Have to hold the paper sometimes for printer to print correctly
0	Have to agree the composition sometimes for printer to print correctly
0	Bad reception, slow reaction to user and not very user friendly.
0	unfit reception, dim reaction to user and not very user friendly.
1	Excellent output (9x7in @ 300dpi), Insane number of features
1	Excellent yield (9x7in @ 300dpi), Insane number of features
1	Multifunction
1	Multifunction
0	Limited picture capacity on floppy.
0	restrain picture capacity on floppy.
1	Size is nice, easy to use all and all a good phone.
1	Size is nice, well-situated to use all and all a good earphone.
1	easy to transfer to computer
1	easy to transport to computer
1	Many features, excellent quality, great Macro.. SLR!
1	Many features, excellent character, great Macro.. SLR!
0	Antennae sticks out, looking silly and breakable. Ridiculously expensive!
0	Antennae sticks out, looking featherbrained and breakable. Ridiculously expensive!
1	Quality images, easy to use, inexpensive
1	Quality epitome, easy to use, inexpensive
1	Easy to use
1	well-off to use
0	Cost of accessories, no hot shoe
0	Cost of accouterment, no hot shoe
1	Light, easy-to-use, stylish
1	brightness, easy-to-use, stylish
1	Super light, quick 'n' easy fold/unfold, neat canopy pocket, removable front bumper.
1	tops light, quick 'n' easy sheepcote/unfold, neat canopy pocket, removable front bumper.
0	Lens cover is weak.sucks power when viewing LCD screen
0	Lens shroud is weak.sucks power when viewing LCD shield
0	Address Book
0	call Book
0	Fiddly menus
0	Fiddly fare
0	Your best photo's will be bad.
0	Your better photo's will be bad.
0	Must learn all the options! Many! Get extra battery! 
0	Must learn all the options! Many! stimulate extra battery! 
1	small, convenient, sleek, very good picture quality, 2.3 megapixels
1	small, convenient, sleek, very full picture quality, 2.deuce-ace megapixels
0	Black bands/coags after a few sheets
0	grim bands/coags after a few sheets
1	Instant pictures that look great
1	Instant see that look great
0	Not the best of the best!
0	Not the best of the sound!
0	Battery life; talk time; earpiece volume;
0	Battery spirit; talk time; earpiece volume;
1	Sturdy, easy to use, safe
1	Sturdy, easy to use, condom
1	Most widely recommended model by far
1	Most widely recommended pose by far
1	Cheap purchase price
1	tatty purchase price
1	Very comfy for a toddler/infant combo.
1	really comfy for a toddler/infant combo.
0	Antenna, small buttons
0	Antenna, small push
0	None.
0	none.
1	Quiet, fast, high quality
1	Quiet, fast, high select
1	Great pictures, great features, great price
1	Great pictures, great characteristic, great price
0	Software is weak, menu systems need to be revised, no case
0	Software is weak, menu organization pauperization to be revised, no case
1	Inexpensive, excellent 1 megapixel image quality for the price, well built
1	Inexpensive, excellent 1 megapixel image character for the price, comfortably built
0	Uses alot of batteries
0	exercise alot of batteries
1	Extremely fast, excellent 2400 x 1200 photo printing, cartridge last long time.
1	highly fast, excellent 2400 x 1200 photo printing, cartridge last long meter.
1	Inexpensive,reliable,and prints rather quickly.
1	Inexpensive,reliable,and prints rather rapidly.
1	Light weight, good reception, nice looking, easy to use.
1	lite weight, good reception, nice looking, easy to use.
0	low light photos, proprietary memory sticks
0	low light photos, proprietary memory cling
0	Need to treat delicately, somewhat long delay when snapping a picture
0	Need to treat delicately, pretty long delay when snapping a exposure
1	Clarity
1	clearness
0	Keys are very small. Awkward at first due to irregular placement.
0	tonality are very small. Awkward at kickoff due to irregular placement.
0	Battery Hog
0	Battery hogg
0	manual lens cap
0	manual Lens cap
0	Not reliable
0	Not true
0	LCD display needs a shade for bright sunlight.  Hard to see it.
0	LCD display needs a shade for promising sunlight.  operose to see it.
1	easy use, quiet
1	easy utilisation, quiet
1	Compact, Full of features, Great image quality, Easy to transfer files, Long-life battery, MemoryStick compatibility, Sony Quality
1	Compact, Full of feature, capital image quality, Easy to change files, Long-life battery, MemoryStick compatibility, Sony Quality
1	Price, Quality of Print, Design, Ease of Use
1	Price, Quality of Print, Design, Ease of employment
0	Eats Batteries
0	Eats shelling
1	Durable
1	long-lived
1	It was free
1	It was rid
0	Storage
0	warehousing
1	Relatively small, lens cover, low lag time between photos
1	Relatively small, lens cover, blue lag time between photos
1	Size, picture quality ease of use for beginners, price, versatility, etc...
1	Size, painting choice ease of use for beginners, price, versatility, etc...
1	Great Price, Can double of Scanner,good resolution, good software package
1	Great Price, tush double of Scanner,good resolution, practiced software package
1	Simple, lifelike
1	childlike, lifelike
1	Quick printing speed, great resolution, paper never jams
1	Quick printing speed, great resolution, paper never pile
0	&lt;i&gt;Feels&lt;/i&gt; cheap, voracious battery eater! Needs time to "warm up".  Greenish pictures in dark settings.
0	&lt;i&gt;Feels&lt;/i&gt; trashy, voracious barrage eater! Needs time to "warm up".  Greenish pictures in drab background.
1	Fun, cheap (by now), good if you're willing to do a LOT of touch-up
1	Fun, cheap (by now), good if you're will to do a fortune of touch-up
0	Could be smaller, some usage problems.
0	Could be smaller, some usage trouble.
0	Price; Non-holographic display
0	toll; Non-holographic display
0	Heavy, broken zoom, 
0	Heavy, separate zoom, 
0	low batter life, easy to smash, weak signal
0	scummy batter life, easy to smash, weak signal
0	Price
0	terms
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of enjoyment
1	Low Cost, Compact Design
1	humbled Cost, Compact Design
0	slow to save image, Polaroid
0	dumb to save image, Polaroid
0	no WAP browser, speaker phone, or dedicated volume keys, power button hard to use
0	no WAP browser, speaker call, or dedicated volume distinguish, power button hard to use
0	Relatively high battery power consumption and shutter release delay
0	Relatively high battery power consumption and shutter issue delay
0	black ink runs out quickly but is very inexpensive
0	black ink lean out quickly but is very inexpensive
0	LCD hard to use in low light , Serial cable slow, No optical Zoom
0	LCD intemperately to use in low light , Serial cable slow, No opthalmic Zoom
0	No view screen on outside of cover. No case or holder included.
0	No consider screen on outside of cover. nobelium case or holder included.
0	Symbian OS 7.0, Memory Stick Duo, No QWERTY Keyboard
0	Symbian osmium septet.0, Memory Stick Duo, No QWERTY Keyboard
0	battery , battery, battery, battery, where is the energizer bunny?
0	battery , battery, battery, battery, where is the energiser bunny?
1	Features, Talk time
1	Features, verbalize time
1	Good Output, Nice DPI
1	upright Output, Nice DPI
0	Expensive 
0	expensive 
0	Could be more compact. Doesn't work great in very dark situations.
0	Could be more compact. Doesn't work great in very dark-skinned office.
1	Easy to set-up, and a breeze to use
1	easygoing to set-up, and a breeze to use
1	Cheap price, handling, Pc and MAC compatible, flash.
1	flashy price, handling, Pc and MAC compatible, flash.
1	easy-to-use, durable
1	easy-to-use, indestructible
1	great photos, easy to use
1	great photos, easy to purpose
1	Quality and quiet
1	Quality and hushed
0	Takes 4AA batteries, is larger and weighs more then the avg. digital camera
0	ingest 4AA barrage, is larger and weighs more then the avg. digital camera
1	small, beautiful picture quality
1	small, beautiful picture caliber
0	Holster, battery life
0	Holster, battery lifespan
0	Front seat doesn't recline much
0	presence seat doesn't recline much
1	Look, Looks you get, capabilities and questions asked about the phone and service.
1	Look, depend you aim, capabilities and questions asked about the phone and service.
0	Slow, poor flash results, complicated, expensive.
0	Slow, poor cheap results, complicated, expensive.
1	FLASH PATH
1	twinkling PATH
0	Small buttons, Bad reception, Drops calls, Non stop problems
0	Small buttons, Bad reception, Drops vociferation, Non stop problems
1	Cheap, Easy to use, CF Memory Slot, excellent quality on daylight
1	Cheap, Easy to use, CF retentivity Slot, excellent prize on daylight
0	No case, have to buy battery separately
0	nobelium case, have to buy battery separately
1	superb picture quality at 4.0 megapixels, easy to use, small and stylish
1	superb picture quality at tetrad.0 megapixels, well-to-do to use, small and stylish
1	Quality, Ease Of Use, Price, Software, Battery Life
1	Quality, still Of Use, Price, Software, Battery Life
0	Not a Mega Pixel Camera, Internal Antenna can make holding it tricky...
0	Not a Mega Pixel Camera, Internal feeler can shit holding it tricky...
1	Color screen, digital camera, downloadable ringers
1	colour screen, digital camera, downloadable ringers
1	Luxurious, sturdy, safe
1	Luxurious, sturdy, condom
0	slow flash speed leads to delays
0	slow flash speed moderate to delays
0	Outer shell tends to get scratched rather easily, battery life is lower then average.
0	Outer shell tends to flummox itch rather easily, battery life is lower then average.
0	battery, menus, boxy shape/awkward
0	battery, menus, boxy mold/awkward
1	backlight, backlight fade effect, easy to read, durable, light, small, good reception.
1	backlight, backlight fade effect, easy to read, durable, light, diminished, good receipt.
0	No zoom, cant get it to download after about 6 months, pic screen defunct
0	No zoom, camber pose it to download after about 6 months, pic screen defunct
1	floppy disk storage
1	floppy disk memory
0	Ink is not cheap (but it's not really expensive, either)
0	Ink is not tacky (but it's not truly expensive, either)
1	Quality, Printing Program
1	Quality, Printing broadcast
0	Poor reliability; Short life in analog mode
0	pathetic reliability; Short life in analog mode
1	Inexpensive, Good Printing Quality
1	Inexpensive, salutary Printing Quality
1	Inexpensive with loads of options
1	Inexpensive with payload of options
0	No AC cord included
0	No actinium cord included
0	none
0	none
1	sturdy
1	tough
0	Accessories and phone are somewhat spendy.
0	Accessories and phone are pretty spendy.
1	great pictures, great price, easy to figure out
1	great pictures, great price, easy to picture out
1	Software bundle.
1	Software bunch.
0	Sometimes is very sensitive to mixed light conditions
0	Sometimes is very sensitive to mixed tripping conditions
1	Quality Images, Cheap storage, Sturdy Construction
1	Quality Images, meretricious storage, Sturdy Construction
1	Good camera for those getting started with digital photography.
1	safe camera for those getting started with digital photography.
1	Clear Calls, Excellent Reception, "Cool" factor, Good Battery Life
1	Clear Calls, Excellent Reception, "Cool" factor, Good Battery spirit
0	Slow w/ full page color printing, expensive cartridges
0	deadening w/ full page color printing, expensive cartridges
1	Separate ink cartridges, great color quality, quiet printing, many options, user-friendly
1	sort ink cartridge, great color quality, quiet printing, many options, user-friendly
1	Lightweight, durable, comfortable, unfolds quickly
1	Lightweight, durable, comfortable, spread quickly
0	Relatively high cost in some places, Locked to a provider in some places, no data support
0	Relatively high toll in some locate, Locked to a provider in some place, no data support
0	CD only - no removable media, hard to see LCD outdoors, redeye
0	CD only - no removable media, intemperately to see LCD out-of-doors, redeye
0	16MB CompactFlash Card is too small!
0	16MB CompactFlash Card is too lowly!
1	Lots of features
1	dispense of features
1	Too many to list
1	Too many to tilt
0	Refills.
0	refill.
1	EASY to use! Idiot proof! Just like the commercial.
1	EASY to use! Idiot proof! Just alike the commercial.
1	optical zoom, integrated flash
1	optical zoom, integrated cheap
0	Durability,tech. glitches
0	enduringness,tech. glitches
0	Can only use one cartridge at a time,does not last very long, 
0	tooshie only use i cartridge at a time,does not last very long, 
1	Size, reception, audio quality are EXCELLENT.  Sure is blue!
1	Size, reception, audio select are EXCELLENT.  Sure is blue!
0	small driver bug, comes with 1/2 full ink cartridges!
0	modest driver bug, comes with 1/2 full ink pickup!
0	Initial Memory Card Size (16mb), Proprietary Battery Pack
0	Initial Memory scorecard Size (16mb), Proprietary Battery Pack
1	High resolution for a great price
1	eminent resolution for a great price
1	Great pictures and features for the price
1	peachy pictures and features for the price
0	On the high-end of price for a home printer.
0	On the high-end of price for a household printer.
0	Big &amp; Bulky, Battery Life Short
0	boastfully &amp; Bulky, Battery Life Short
1	Very excellent printing and fast
1	Very excellent printing and profligate
1	Incredible picture quality, great options, ease of use, awesome close-ups
1	Incredible envision quality, great options, ease of utilise, awesome close-ups
0	Very Slow
0	very Slow
0	Battery life!! Reception, durability, speaker loudness or softness should I say
0	Battery life!! Reception, durability, speaker loudness or softness should ane aver
0	Included ringtones are truly awful, color screen hard to see outside in sunlight.
0	Included ringtones are truly awful, colouration screen hard to see alfresco in sunlight.
0	unreliable, documentation is not user-friendly, Samsung is not much help if there is a problem
0	unreliable, documentation is not user-friendly, Samsung is not often aid if there is a job
1	rugged, long battery life, easy to use, good audio, built in speaker phone
1	rugged, long battery life, tardily to use, near audio, built in speaker phone
0	Low resolution, quirky file transfer
0	Low resoluteness, quirky file transfer
0	speaker!
0	Speaker!
1	Good quality photos.  Good battery life per charge.  5X optical zoom.
1	Good quality photo.  Good battery life per buck.  5X optical zoom.
1	Good value; fast; zoom; uses AA batteries instead of expensive camera batttery. Veiwfinder and screen.
1	Good prise; fast; zoom; America AA batteries alternatively of expensive camera batttery. Veiwfinder and screen.
1	Quality
1	character
0	Expensive?
0	expensive?
1	Great speed and quality, very affordable
1	Great zip and quality, very affordable
0	Won't focus in low light.
0	Won't focus in low-spirited light.
1	Awesome Camera.  Lots of extras. Great Pictures and movies. 
1	Awesome Camera.  Lots of extras. Great video and movies. 
0	Despite all the great features, this is not a phone without faults.
0	scorn all the big features, this is not a phone without faults.
1	Great Camera for $900-$1200 range
1	enceinte Camera for $900-$1200 range
0	Kind of bulky in size
0	Kind of bulky in sizing
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	Large size, small-scale design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	Un-ergonomic, fragile, battery weak
0	Un-ergonomic, fragile, barrage weak
0	maybe software
0	perchance software
0	Having to store and print pictures.
0	ingest to store and print pictures.
0	Small buffer for movie file - your movie's over when it's full; tripod helps.
0	Small buffer for movie file - your movie's over when it's broad; tripod supporter.
0	no Zoom!! price, heavy/bulky, 
0	no Zoom!! price, profound/bulky, 
0	No way to save downloaded ringtones to the SIM card, no normal ringtones
0	no way to save downloaded ringtones to the SIM wag, no normal ringtones
0	expensive in reality
0	expensive in realism
0	Viewfinder only shows 80 per cent of the picture area 
0	Viewfinder only shows 80 per cent of the envision sphere 
1	Color changing screen, stylish exterior, VERY lightweight
1	Color changing test, stylish exterior, VERY lightweight
0	Lack of internal disk space
0	Lack of internal harrow space
0	The flash is very weak,underexposures under 7 feet
0	The blink is very weak,underexposures under 7 feet
0	I have found none
0	iodin have found none
0	Phone only offered by GSM carriers with poor reception/coverage
0	earphone only offered by GSM carriers with pathetic reception/coverage
1	Nice color screen, Get It Now, very light, ring tones, sleek
1	Nice color screen, engender It Now, very light, ring tone, sleek
0	lens cover, dim display, 4Mb included media
0	lens cover, shadowy display, 4Mb included media
0	Just prints b&amp;w, toners are costly
0	good prints b&amp;w, toners are costly
1	Lightweight, fits in pocket, great user interface, great color
1	Lightweight, fits in pocket, nifty user interface, great color
1	Just about everything!
1	upright about everything!
1	Cheap, Easy to use
1	Cheap, soft to use
1	Inexpensive
1	inexpensive
1	Ultra-compact size,, 3x zoom,, Nice solid design,, 2" screen
1	Ultra-compact size,, 3x zoom,, Nice solid design,, 2" screenland
0	It's a bit pricey, but well worth every penny
0	It's a piece pricey, but well worth every penny
1	This durable and lightweight camera can take quality pictures and video of you and others.
1	This durable and lightweight camera can film prime icon and video of you and others.
1	decent camera phone, user friendly format
1	decent camera earpiece, user friendly format
1	Worked well initially
1	Worked fountainhead initially
1	Splendid pictures with great detail and superb color.
1	Splendid delineation with great detail and superb color.
0	Pictures lack clarity, heavy camera, battery life only 120m
0	image lack clarity, heavy camera, battery life only 120m
1	Photo-quality at a reasonable price. Quiet.
1	Photo-quality at a reasonable price. tranquilize.
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Precision Build caliber, Very Nice Screen, shelling Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Inexpensive; multi-function.
1	cheap; multi-function.
0	Slow writing time, movie quality not so great.
0	Slow writing time, movie quality not so slap-up.
0	Noticibly a Nextel Phone
0	Noticibly a Nextel call
0	I would like more idea on print size.. but no cons on camera itself.
0	I would comparable more idea on print size.. but no inmate on camera itself.
0	No neck strap, flash could be better
0	No neck strap, flash could be advantageously
0	Too Big,
0	Too full-grown,
1	Good battery life; ease of use
1	Good battery life-time; ease of use
0	The package itself, a little tacky, could look better.
0	The package itself, a little tacky, could look estimable.
1	You will think you are producing photos
1	You will recall you are producing photos
1	1600x1200 resolution means real 8x10" photos, smaller than most 2.1 megapixel cameras, fast continuous shooting
1	1600x1200 answer substance real 8x10" photos, smaller than most 2.1 megapixel cameras, fast continuous take
1	Very comfortable to use, CDR storage feature is wonderful, good picture quality. 
1	Very comfortable to use, CDR storage feature is tremendous, commodity picture quality. 
1	Great features, very durable, simple and easy to use.
1	Great features, very durable, simple and easy to expend.
1	Battery life, reception, ease of use.
1	Battery life, reception, ease of role.
0	The machines are not built for long service.  Is it built in obsolescence?
0	The machines are not built for long service.  comprise it construct in obsolescence?
1	Quality of Prints! 
1	prize of Prints! 
0	GSM service quality lacking; key lock can overcomplicate your navigation
0	GSM overhaul quality lacking; winder lock can overcomplicate your navigation
1	Small, light, looks good, great battery life, excellent sound and signal quality
1	modest, illuminate, looks good, great battery life, excellent sound and signal quality
1	\_small_/, portable, beautiful, integrated flash, very easy transfer to computer.
1	\_small_/, portable, beautiful, integrated ostentation, very easy channel to computer.
1	Good print quality, quiet, reliable
1	Good print quality, still, reliable
1	Flashy electric sun amazes the natives
1	Flashy electric sun beat the natives
0	The pictures and movie take long to capture
0	The pictures and movie train long to capture
0	Buy disks, expensive.
0	steal disks, expensive.
0	Poor battery life, poor software, poor performance.
0	Poor battery liveliness, poor software, poor performance.
0	Not always readibly accessible when on train going to office and returning home.
0	Not always readibly accessible when on train break to office and pass home.
0	Price may sway some but long term value is worth it.
0	Price whitethorn persuade some but long term value is worth it.
1	Print quality is very good, especially for pictures.
1	Print quality is very sound, especially for pictures.
0	noisey paper feed
0	noisey paper fee
0	gsm is expensive
0	gsm is expensive
0	cant print high quality  true to life pictures
0	cant print high prize  true to life pictures
1	Palm PDA and cellphone in one
1	Palm PDA and cellphone in single
0	expensive, slow print speed
0	expensive, slow impress speed
0	Few ring tones, flimsy flip, battery life could be better
0	Few ring timbre, flimsy thumb, battery life could be better
1	cost, picture quality
1	cost, delineation quality
0	not reliable
0	not honest
1	Excellent images, great battery life, fast zoom lens 
1	Excellent images, great battery life, fast whizz lens 
1	Absolutely Everything!!!!  It's a terrific phone!!
1	Absolutely Everything!!!!  It's a terrific call!!
0	Poor shutter control, terrible pictures using flash, terrible pictures using natural light indoors.
0	Poor shutter insure, terrible pictures using flash, terrible pictures victimization natural light indoors.
0	No clock (what were they thinking?)
0	No clock (what were they reasoning?)
1	Easy to maneuver, very lightweight
1	well-heeled to maneuver, very lightweight
1	Sturdy. Fast. Great Output product.
1	sturdy. Fast. Great Output product.
1	Cheap price, Pretty durable, Decent battery life
1	Cheap price, passably durable, Decent battery life
0	MANUAL, BATTERY LIFE, AND HOLSTER TENDS TO BE DIFFICULT TO TAKE PHONE OUT.
0	MANUAL, BATTERY LIFE, AND HOLSTER run TO BE DIFFICULT TO yield PHONE OUT.
1	All in one device, Dial from address book, Apps and Games on the go
1	All in one device, Dial from address Book, Apps and Games on the decease
1	Great print quality, Extremely fast printer (laser like speeds), HP warranty and quality, low cost printer consumables, Infrared sensor. Duplex module included!
1	enceinte print quality, passing riotous printer (laser like speeds), HP warranty and quality, downcast cost printer consumables, Infrared sensor. Duplex module included!
1	Super fast printing, separate ink cartridges.
1	Super fast printing, part ink cartridges.
1	Study, long battery life, good reception, good Nokia menus
1	Study, long battery life, good response, good Nokia menus
0	Expensive memory, not the best flash, Software.
0	Expensive memory, not the salutary flash, Software.
1	Easy to operate
1	well-heeled to operate
0	Horrible reception
0	Horrible response
1	Picture Quality, Battery Life, Ease of Use
1	project Quality, Battery Life, Ease of Use
0	Buying the ink for it.
0	buying the ink for it.
1	lightweight compact design, ease of use
1	lightweight compact design, still of use
1	PRICE!, print quality, holds two ink cartridges
1	PRICE!, print character, holds two ink cartridges
1	Ease of use, floppy storage
1	Ease of employ, floppy storage
0	Small display, no speakerphone
0	Small show, no speakerphone
1	good balance of features, price &amp; size
1	good equipoise of features, price &amp; size
1	Great loudspeaker function, trendy, 128x128 pixels screen resolution
1	keen loudspeaker function, trendy, 128x128 pixels screen resolution
1	Internal & external displays
1	Internal & external display
1	Great value.  Excellent output quality.
1	Great value.  Excellent output prime.
1	Wonderful quality, Inexpensive, Compact , , * Printer Software CD 
1	Wonderful timbre, Inexpensive, Compact , , * Printer Software CD 
0	Not very many options
0	not very many options
0	none
0	none
1	Sleek, attractive phone. Very good performance.
1	Sleek, attractive phone. Very honorable performance.
1	quik digital pictures
1	quik digital icon
1	One of the few remaining high-end handsets that is still just a mobile phone.
1	unitary of the few remaining high-end handsets that is soundless just a mobile phone.
0	No games, Drive Mode is pretty useless, annoying side buttons, chunky. Speakerphone, Poor flash
0	No games, Drive Mode is pretty useless, annoying side clit, chunky. Speakerphone, Poor gimcrack
0	antennae nub
0	antennae centre
0	The car seat gets outgrown by 3 months!!
0	The car seat mystify outgrown by 3 months!!
1	Cheap and good text printing
1	Cheap and secure text printing
0	Ink Costs &amp; Slightly Washed out Prints
0	Ink Costs &amp; Slightly Washed out print
1	low price, durable quality
1	dispirited price, durable quality
0	Only 16 MB C&amp;#238;mpactFlash, 2CR5 - poor battery life (need rechargable battery)
0	only 16 MB cytosine&amp;#238;mpactFlash, 2CR5 - poor battery life (need rechargable battery)
0	Color printing is not top quality, but what did you expect in this price range?
0	Color printing is not upside tone, but what did you expect in this price graze?
0	It is on the big side, but so what.
0	It is on the braggy side, but so what.
0	None.
0	none.
1	high quality photos
1	high quality photograph
1	small, lightweight, durable, 
1	small, lightweight, long-lasting, 
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of utilise
1	8cm CD recorder, light weight, 4 mp, tons of features, records video, and it's Sony!!
1	8cm CD recorder, tripping weight, 4 mp, scads of features, read video, and it's Sony!!
0	Lack of features found on other phones, battery life dwindles after a while.
0	Lack of features establish on other phones, shelling life dwindles after a while.
0	none
0	none
1	It's cheap.
1	It's chintzy.
1	sleeky,good
1	sleeky,ripe
1	good pictures, easy to use
1	good envision, easy to use
0	Speed
0	quicken
0	earpiece/microphone attachment
0	earpiece/microphone fastening
1	Size, clamshell design, holster
1	Size, clamshell invention, holster
0	Strange antenna, nearly impossible to remove battery cover
0	Strange antenna, nearly impossible to remove battery binding
0	A bit bulky for my taste.  smartmedia (limit to 128Meg as of now).
0	amp sting bulky for my taste.  smartmedia (limit to 128Meg as of now).
0	No lens cover that's it!
0	No lens top that's it!
1	Big clear screen, quality photos, voice recognition, clear sound, adequate memory, compact & lightweight.
1	full-grown clear screen, choice photos, voice recognition, clear sound, adequate memory, compact & lightweight.
1	Sturdy seats may face forward, backward,or toward each other; 5-point harness; easy brake; maneuverability
1	hardy bottom may grimace forward, backward,or toward each other; 5-point harness; easy brake; maneuverability
0	Battery life could be better, Verizon customizations suck and callers can be hard to hear.
0	Battery living could be better, Verizon customizations suck and telephoner can be difficult to hear.
0	Bad reception, not much memory.
0	sorry reception, not much memory.
0	Long shutter delay., Weak plastic
0	longsighted shutter delay., Weak plastic
1	Outstanding images, F-series quality
1	Outstanding visualise, F-series quality
1	small, no external antennae, no flip, great features
1	small, no external antennae, no snotty-nosed, great features
0	Low earpiece volume, poor menu keys, low battery life, fragile
0	humbled earpiece volume, poor menu keys, depleted battery life, fragile
1	Flat, flips open. Voice activated calling. Text messages.
1	Flat, flips assailable. Voice activated calling. Text messages.
1	Simple perfection
1	simple perfection
1	Compact, Lightweight, Easy to use, Good for use with little kids, No wasted film, Preview pictures and delete ones you don't like
1	succinct, Lightweight, Easy to use, right for use with little kids, No rot film, Preview project and delete ones you don't like
1	easy to use, multi features, great photo quality
1	light to use, multi features, great photo quality
1	Convenient size
1	commodious size
0	None really.
0	None rattling.
0	Costly
0	dearly-won
0	awkward to hold
0	awkward to have
1	Simplicity
1	ease
1	It takes pretty good pictures.
1	It takes pretty sound pictures.
1	Very good digital images
1	Very full digital images
1	Web Browsing, easy texting and emailing.
1	entanglement Browsing, easy texting and emailing.
1	Inexpensive
1	inexpensive
0	No easy volume controls
0	No well-heeled volume controls
0	Not very user friendly, lots of static.
0	Not very user friendly, heap of static.
0	Cost, lacks direct USB connectivity
0	Cost, lacks unmediated USB connectivity
0	price?
0	terms?
0	The usual battery thing, plus a little difficult to master all the settings
0	The usual bombardment thing, plus a little difficult to passe-partout all the settings
1	Speaker phone, multi-line, and direct connect
1	verbalizer phone, multi-line, and direct connect
1	lightweight, peek through window
1	lightweight, peek through windowpane
1	Fantastic Features
1	tremendous Features
0	Instruction Book could be easier to use
0	Instruction Book could be loose to use
0	no headphone jack or memory expansion slot.
0	no headphone jack or retentiveness expansion slot.
1	Easy to use
1	well-off to use
1	Ruggedness, size, clarity,
1	huskiness, size, clarity,
1	Small and lightweight printer that produces astoundingly crisp text output
1	Small and whippersnapper printer that produces astoundingly sharp text output
1	The Size, Lots of Features,Lots of Ring Tones
1	The Size, Lots of Features,Lots of Ring shade
0	floppy disk storage, rather large, short battery life
0	floppy disk storage, rather large, brusk battery life
1	Easy to transport, good overall quality
1	Easy to transport, good overall select
1	Small, Stylish, Brand name well known, many functions&#13;&#10;
1	Small, fashionable, Brand name well known, many functions&#13;&#decade;
0	Ink cartridges are pretty expensive
0	Ink cartridges are fairly expensive
0	Bad paper feeding., Cartridges not refillable.
0	Bad paper feast., Cartridges not refillable.
1	3x optical zoom, SD/MMC slot, video out, macro mode, easy menus, batteries
1	3x optical zoom, SD/MMC slot, video out, macro mode, loose menus, barrage
0	2X Zoom
0	2X surge
0	poor reception, low battery life, big bulky antenna
0	poor reception, low battery lifespan, big bulky antenna
1	The latest Symbian OS 9.1 SP1 -- it's all you can dream of right now.
1	The latest Symbian o 9.ace SP1 -- it's all you can dream of proper now.
0	Very heavy and big.  Slow to return from standby.  
0	Very heavy and big.  tedious to return from standby.  
0	viewfinder, no mic for video, limited shutter speed
0	viewfinder, no mic for video, circumscribed shutter speed
0	Roaming...Not Popular
0	rove...Not Popular
1	lots of manual settings
1	lots of manual circumstance
0	Maybe I got a lemon, but the paper handling is terrible!
0	Maybe iodin got a lemon, but the paper handling is unspeakable!
1	color screen, options, sounds, comfort, hands free set
1	color screen, options, sounds, comfort, hands complimentary set
0	Slow flash recharge.
0	Slow brassy recharge.
1	rugged, sturdy easy to use phone
1	furrowed, sturdy easy to use phone
1	Fair soud quality, Cool color face plates, It's a Nokia, Please read for more
1	Fair soud quality, sang-froid coloration face plates, It's a Nokia, Please read for more
0	Nowadays, might be able to find a lot better for a little more???  
0	Nowadays, might be able to find a lot serious for a slight more???  
1	Very small and light, excellent quality, affordable
1	Very small and light, excellent lineament, affordable
1	Small, Good Build Quality
1	Small, Good habitus Quality
1	Price, 6x zoom, image quality
1	Price, 6x whizz, image quality
0	Grainy with no flash indoors
0	Grainy with no heartbeat indoors
1	Easy to use, powerful zoom
1	Easy to use, hefty zoom
1	Good size, phone features easy to use
1	just size, phone features easy to use
0	Everything.  Not worth the stamp to mail in the rebate with
0	Everything.  Not worth the mould to mail in the rabbet with
0	Poor, uneven, print quality.
0	short, uneven, print quality.
0	cartridges a little expensive
0	cartridges a short expensive
0	(Minor) Won't download USB direct with Windows 95 - takes 98 or above.  Can hear the auto focus, auto aperture during movies with low background noise.
0	(Minor) Won't download USB organize with Windows 95 - occupy 98 or above.  buttocks see the auto focus, auto aperture during movies with grim background noise.
1	Comfy for the kiddies
1	comfy for the kiddies
0	Only 2 frames per second motor drive.
0	Only 2 cast per second motor drive.
1	Very good build quality and feel. Relatively easy-to-use and robust.
1	Very sound habitus quality and feel. Relatively easy-to-use and robust.
0	ticks, false paper jams, bad connections
0	ticks, faux paper jams, bad connections
1	compact
1	contract
0	Small buttons
0	small-scale buttons
0	cannot do rapid fire pictures, shutter lag, overall price, limited avail of accessories
0	cannot do rapid fire pictures, shutter jail, overall price, modified avail of accessories
1	Good durable camera
1	skilful durable camera
1	responsive, really nice resolution, feature laden
1	responsive, really nice resolving, feature laden
0	looks cheap
0	smell cheap
1	Price
1	terms
1	Low price, high Value.  Good black and white quality.
1	Low price, high Value.  Good blackamoor and white quality.
0	Fast Drying Ink Cartridge
0	flying Drying Ink Cartridge
1	picture quality, ease of use
1	picture quality, ease of practice
1	Clearness,vivid pictures, ease of use
1	Clearness,vivid pictures, ease of function
0	Microdrive si very fragile!  Can be easily broken!
0	Microdrive si very fragile!  Can be easily relegate!
0	difficult to install, poor tech support
0	difficult to install, poor tech indorse
0	none
0	none
0	Hinge is a little flimsy, possible reception issues, expensive.
0	Hinge is a small flimsy, possible reception issues, expensive.
0	cost of the ink.
0	price of the ink.
0	No Case. Lens is vulnerable to damage.
0	No character. Lens is vulnerable to damage.
0	Macro capabilites have their problems.  Funky shape is not copacetic with shooting or wearing.
0	Macro capabilites have their problems.  Funky build is not copacetic with shooting or fag.
1	good if you just want to put pictures on the internet. 
1	right if you just require to put pictures on the internet. 
0	seems a little flimsy
0	seems a little unconvincing
1	Works great out of the box, outstanding picture quality, battery flexibility
1	crop great out of the box, outstanding characterization quality, battery flexibility
1	Great picture quality, features, uses Memory Stick, records movies, includes charger and batteries.
1	Great render quality, features, uses Memory dumbfound, records movies, includes charger and batteries.
0	Where should I start........cheap....
0	Where should i start........cheap....
1	None.
1	none.
1	Individual Inks, Speedy, Ink Sensor, Capable of 6 Color Printing
1	soul Inks, Speedy, Ink Sensor, Capable of 6 colorize Printing
0	Battery life
0	Battery biography
1	Good phone with tons of features and expandability to boot.  Has an MMC card slot!
1	ripe phone with stacks of features and expandability to boot.  stimulate an MMC card slot!
0	No lens cover, battery life is horrid.
0	No lens hatch, battery life is horrid.
0	No optical zoom, hard to use "enter" key, long charge time, movies with-out sound
0	No opthalmic zoom, hard to use "enter" key, long charge time, movies with-out heavy
1	cheap price, ease of use
1	chintzy price, ease of use
1	Small, point and shoot, and nice looking
1	Small, point and bourgeon, and nice looking
0	No zoom
0	No soar
1	good camera, lots of features, cute
1	ripe camera, lots of features, cute
1	Exceptional value for money. 2MP Picture Quality. Sony Build Quality &amp; Reputation
1	Exceptional value for money. 2MP Picture choice. Sony frame Quality &amp; Reputation
1	Price, Print Quality, Software
1	Price, publish Quality, Software
1	It does what it's supposed to do.
1	It does what it's hypothesize to do.
1	Sleek design, attractive color and graphics, lightweight. fairly user friendly, Bluetooth
1	silklike conception, attractive color and graphics, lightweight. fairly user friendly, Bluetooth
1	Free
1	costless
0	Poor menus, crappy default ringtones, battery life.
0	pathetic menus, crappy default ringtones, battery life.
0	Battery life isnt too long
0	Battery life isnt too retentive
0	Seems a little thin when talking for long periods of time.
0	Seems a little slight when talking for long stop of time.
0	Can't turn off LEDs; Some factors can cause echoing.
0	Can't turn off LEDs; about factors can cause echoing.
0	Some rings are hard to hear.  But that's not a big deal at all.
0	Some rings are hard to hear.  But that's not a vauntingly raft at all.
0	not exactly cheap
0	not exactly flashy
1	Good Picture Quality, Zoom, Video cable for TV slide viewing.
1	estimable Picture Quality, surge, Video cable for TV slide viewing.
0	Frequent Battery Charging
0	Frequent Battery accuse
1	Slim, user friendly, good battery life for size, clear sound, and unique mod style.
1	Slim, user friendly, well shelling life for size, clear sound, and unique mod style.
1	One of the best printers on the market. 
1	unmatched of the best printers on the market. 
0	You can not complete the call most of the time.
0	You can not pure the birdsong most of the time.
1	Good print quality, inexpensive, can be upgraded
1	thoroughly print quality, inexpensive, can be upgraded
0	Retail price is high, no speakerphone, no games.
0	Retail terms is high, no speakerphone, no games.
1	Just A Great Camera
1	Just A smashing Camera
0	rather expensive AC adapter, after using for a few months &lt;b&gt;images are soft&lt;/b&gt;
0	rather expensive AC adapter, after utilise for a few months &lt;b&gt;paradigm are lenient&lt;/b&gt;
0	It shakes a lot when printing.
0	It shakes a mess when printing.
0	lithium ion battery can be expensive...
0	Li ion battery can be expensive...
0	inkjet speed, cost
0	inkjet hotfoot, cost
0	Customer Service Lacks.
0	Customer Service deficiency.
0	Maybe too much of everything
0	maybe too much of everything
0	Poor quality camera and absolutely terrible quality control!
0	Poor quality camera and absolutely terrible quality curb!
1	Great picture quality, hotshoe, compact, durable, great for accessories
1	dandy picture quality, hotshoe, compact, durable, great for accessories
1	Amazing versatility and feature set for the price ($470 7/03)
1	astound versatility and feature sic for the price ($470 7/03)
0	Price for ink.  Costs over $200.
0	terms for ink.  Costs over $200.
0	Floppy disks don't hold many photos, if they get dirty there could be problems
0	Floppy disks don't defend many photos, if they get bemire there could be problems
1	Cool storage - can fit a lot of photos on the disk.
1	Cool storage - can equip a distribute of photos on the disk.
1	Picture, Simple 
1	impression, Simple 
1	size and easy to use
1	size and easy to practice
1	Battery life; voice clarity; volume
1	Battery life; articulation clarity; volume
1	lightweight, easy use
1	lightweight, easy function
0	bundled software lacks intuitive user interface
0	compact software lacks intuitive user interface
0	Can't think of any
0	Can't intend of any
0	Slow menus,Annoying keyboard lock, Display brightness, Soft Ring, Bluetooth strobe
0	Slow menus,chafe keyboard lock, Display brightness, Soft ring, Bluetooth strobe
1	Dozens of features, competitive price, SmartMedia capability, a camera for every environment!
1	gobs of characteristic, competitive price, SmartMedia capability, a camera for every environment!
0	Costs too much, Compact Flash
0	Costs too much, Compact garish
0	Battery Life, Looks, Earpiece heats up, heavy for a fliptop, Crappiest Manual for a phone.
0	Battery life-time, expect, Earpiece heats up, lowering for a fliptop, Crappiest Manual for a phone.
1	easy to install its software, good pictures based on my standard
1	easy to install its software, safe video based on my standard
0	PRICE!!!
0	terms!!!
1	Compact size, clear reception, many great features.
1	succinct size, clear reception, many great features.
1	Phone was of average quality.
1	call was of average quality.
1	Size, customizability, lots of features
1	Size, customizability, piles of features
1	Excellent size, external LCD
1	excellent size, external LCD
0	Eats up regular AA batteries that are included. Better off with your own rechargeables.
0	chow up regular AA shelling that are included. Better off with your own rechargeables.
1	light, small, voice recognition, good battery life
1	sluttish, small, voice recognition, good battery life
1	Features, Size
1	have, Size
0	No vibrating alert
0	No vibrating lively
0	Wait period between shots seems long.
0	Wait period between shaft seems long.
1	Light weight, affordable, quality built
1	luminance weight, affordable, quality built
0	Ink hungry
0	Ink thirsty
0	Small LCD, overall huge phone, and non-color.
0	little LCD, overall huge phone, and non-color.
0	Cost of ink cartridges
0	be of ink cartridges
1	Light weight, sleek look, value for money mobile
1	Light weight, sleek look, value for money fluid
0	none
0	none
0	none
0	none
1	battery life and call quality.
1	battery life and call calibre.
1	great quality, fast printing
1	big quality, fast printing
0	Expensive
0	expensive
0	slow processing, cannot use the multiple shot feature
0	slow processing, cannot use the multiple blastoff feature
1	Small, Light, 4.0 MP, Prints Great Pictures, Good Red Eye reduction, 3X Zoom, , , 
1	Small, Light, 4.0 MP, Prints Great exposure, skillful Red Eye reduction, 3X Zoom, , , 
1	small &amp; lightweight SLR style cam, hundreds of features yet simple for beginners
1	small &amp; lightweight SLR vogue cam, hundreds of features yet wide-eyed for beginners
1	Small,lightweight and has an infrared beaming feature
1	Small,lightweight and has an infrared radiant feature
0	No vibrate feature.
0	No vibrate boast.
0	Slow
0	boring
0	volume controls on side are easy to press accidentally
0	volume controls on side are easy to insistency accidentally
1	Offers convenience if you have older children
1	Offers convenience if you have older tike
1	For its price it prints okay
1	For its price it publish okay
1	WAP, Pictures, Games, Downloadable Content
1	WAP, Pictures, Games, Downloadable capacity
0	Toll customer service; compatibility issues.
0	cost customer service; compatibility issues.
1	Excellent picture quality, 3x optical zoom, true macro, good battery life
1	Excellent picture quality, 3x optical zoom, rightful macro, honorable battery life
0	Cost can be high (keep an eye out for the good deals)
0	Cost can be luxuriously (keep an eye out for the good pile)
1	Easy to use, compact, durable, and relatively cheap.
1	well-heeled to use, compact, durable, and relatively cheap.
1	Great printing and great price
1	Great printing and outstanding price
1	Quality of photos; Ability to change aperature and shutter
1	character of photos; Ability to change aperature and shutter
1	VERY high quality, great compatibility, ease-of-setup, volume capacity, and SPEED
1	VERY high quality, majuscule compatibility, ease-of-setup, volume capacity, and hotfoot
0	- Proprietary data cable
0	- proprietorship data cable
1	quality printouts, dependable
1	quality printouts, true
0	It doesn't have a color screen.
0	It doesn't have a color filmdom.
0	The case is cracking, the antenna is bent. Poor battery life.
0	The case is cracking, the antenna is bend. Poor battery aliveness.
0	High Ink Costs, Poor Customer Service, Poor Print Quality, Not Compatable with Windows XP,Planned Obselescence
0	High Ink Costs, short Customer Service, wretched Print prime, Not Compatable with Windows XP,Planned Obselescence
1	Simplicity Simplicity Simplicity
1	Simplicity Simplicity easiness
1	Carriage style for baby and Stroller style for toddler, comfortable
1	posture style for baby and Stroller style for bambino, comfortable
1	fast, easy, convienient
1	libertine, easy, convienient
0	feels more like a toy
0	feels more corresponding a toy
1	Size, battery life, ease of use.
1	Size, battery life, still of use.
0	no USB
0	no USB
1	Good build, lot of accessories and support, user friendly for phonebook and SMS.
1	dependable anatomy, lot of accessories and support, user friendly for phonebook and SMS.
0	Only comes with a 16MB card
0	Only amount with a 16MB card
0	voice dialing a pain
0	voice dial a pain
0	Dust under screen. Buzzing from unidentifiable source.
0	Dust under blind. Buzzing from unidentifiable source.
0	Sub-par plain paper printing, bleeding text
0	Sub-par kvetch paper printing, bleeding text
1	Very light, small, long battery life, lots of options
1	Very weak, small, long battery life, lots of options
1	Easy to use 
1	Easy to usance 
1	Product has the features I want
1	product has the features I want
1	easy to use, good quality photos
1	gentle to use, good quality photos
0	Not much thought went into the design of this thing
0	Not much think went into the designing of this thing
0	Battery life is a little short. But not a deal breaker for sure.
0	shelling life is a little short. But not a wad breaker for sure.
1	good price-great pictures
1	unspoilt price-great pictures
1	Cheaper then haveing a plan on a cell phone
1	gimcrack then haveing a plan on a cell phone
0	Poor address book searching, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, blankenned button function screen
0	Poor address hold searching, poor voice prime, no power-on indicator, blankenned button function screen
1	Sleek rubber skin, good reception, voice commands.
1	Sleek rubber skin, good reception, vocalize commands.
1	picture quality, boot time, reliable, included rechargeable battery
1	characterisation quality, boot time, reliable, included rechargeable battery
0	underpowered flash
0	underpowered newsbreak
1	Very sturdy, versatile, nice extras
1	Very sturdy, versatile, squeamish extras
0	One cartridge at a time, sometimes misfeed paper
0	unmatchable cartridge at a time, sometimes misfeed paper
1	Multifuntional and easy to use and setup.
1	Multifuntional and loose to use and setup.
1	Easy to use, Cheap camera for beginners
1	well-situated to use, Cheap camera for beginners
0	Not Great Quality Even on &amp;#147;fine&amp;#148;
0	not heavy Quality Even on &amp;#147;fine&amp;#148;
1	Great resolution
1	Great settlement
1	great shot quality, easy to use, many photo options
1	great shot quality, easy to habituate, many photo options
0	nothing major
0	cipher major
0	Cheap
0	brassy
0	Weight, hand grip could be rubberized
0	Weight, handwriting grip could be rubberized
1	Clear sound, loud ringer, loaded w/ features
1	Clear sound, loud ringer, pie-eyed w/ features
0	Already broke
0	Already infract
0	Expensive cartridges, lousy printing
0	Expensive cartridges, dirty printing
0	Doesn't produce decent photos without incredible effort
0	Doesn't get decent photos without incredible effort
1	ergonomics, pretty
1	ergonomics, jolly
1	PDA, Color, Bluetooth, GPRS, Camera
1	PDA, tinge, Bluetooth, GPRS, Camera
0	uses a lot of expensive ink
0	uses a mess of expensive ink
1	2.1 megapixels, long 6x zoom, macro setting, adjustable resolution, small, lightweight
1	2.one megapixels, long 6x zoom, macro position, adjustable resolution, small, lightweight
1	Cute. Small. No annoying antenna sticking out.
1	Cute. Small. No vexatious antenna sticking out.
1	Color screen is excellent
1	Color screenland is excellent
0	*Extremely slow menu &#13;&#10;*No calendar&#13;&#10;*The flip cover can easily get ruined&#13;&#10;*Can't decline calls
0	*Extremely slow menu &#13;&#10;*No calendar&#13;&#tenner;*The summerset hatch can easily stimulate ruined&#13;&#10;*Can't decline calls
0	Not the best ringtones
0	Not the skilful ringtones
1	Instant access to pictures, ease of use, editing on computer
1	crying access to photo, ease of use, editing on computer
1	Can't think of one!
1	Can't think of ane!
0	feel of buttons, battery life, ability to hear other party.
0	feel of buttons, battery spirit, ability to listen other party.
0	Poor XP, compatibility, USB cable not included w/printer, Paper tray.
0	Poor XP, compatibility, USB line not included westward/printer, Paper tray.
1	Good reception, battery life, screen, camera, features
1	Good reception, battery liveliness, screen, camera, features
0	Occasionally won't print or skips pages
0	Occasionally won't print or skips page
0	na
0	sodium
0	Poor headset design and no internal vibrate alert on phone itself
0	piteous headset design and no internal vibrate alert on headphone itself
0	Little talk/standby time; no good features
0	Little talk/standby time; no salutary features
1	MP3 player, 1.3 megapixel camera, many features
1	MP3 player, ace.3 megapixel camera, many features
0	Size and ink cartridge cost
0	Size and ink cartridge price
0	Size, Kinda clunky looking,Weak signal at times
0	Size, Kinda clunky looking,fallible signal at times
1	Small, great photos, easy to use.
1	belittled, great photos, easy to use.
0	Short-lived since it only lasted one year, two months.
0	Short-lived since it only lasted unity year, two months.
1	Color screen, PCS Vision capable, polyphonic ringer, speakerphone, flip style.
1	Color screen, PCS Vision subject, polyphonic ringer, speakerphone, flip elan.
0	Slower than photo printers and cannot do edge to edge printing.
0	Slower than photograph printers and cannot do edge to edge publish.
0	Awful color quality, painfully slow, clunky and problematic
0	awed color quality, painfully slow, clunky and problematic
0	None.
0	none.
0	Blotchy colors, super grainy above 100ISO, grinding lens, slow
0	Blotchy colors, super grainy above 100ISO, attrition lens, slow
1	Great sound quality&#13;&#10;One-hand operation&#13;&#10;voice dialing&#13;&#10;one-touch headset compatible
1	bully heavy quality&#13;&#10;One-hand operation&#13;&#10;spokesperson dialing&#13;&#10;one-touch headset compatible
1	easy and small
1	easy and small-scale
1	GSM roaming works almost anywhere, single global phone number
1	GSM roaming works almost anywhere, single global phone numeral
0	I find the V60t a little confusing and difficult to use.
0	I find the V60t a little confuse and difficult to enjoyment.
0	Single cartridge system, and finding the ink can be prove to be a problem.
0	ace cartridge system, and observe the ink can be prove to be a problem.
0	See Review Above
0	ascertain Review Above
1	Easy to use and takes good quality pictures
1	Easy to use and deal good quality pictures
0	confusing
0	flurry
0	No USB cable included
0	No USB cable admit
0	When you leave it at home, you're just another geek without a cell phone
0	When you farewell it at dwelling, you're just another geek without a cell phone
1	Size,Durability, Looks, Technology
1	Size,Durability, Looks, technology
1	Bluetooth, price, AMAZING features
1	Bluetooth, Price, AMAZING features
0	Photos have a strange tint, ink is expensive. No network support.
0	Photos have a unknown tint, ink is expensive. No network stand.
0	no zoom, no pre-view capabilities, medium-quality images
0	no zoom, no pre-view capabilities, medium-quality visualise
0	Very poor reception (especially compared to v60c/v60i); poor battery life
0	Very poor reception (especially compared to v60c/v60i); inadequate battery lifespan
1	Bluetooth, 1.2 megapixel camera, large clear display, MP3 player, Transflash data card
1	Bluetooth, 1.2 megapixel camera, large light display, MP3 player, Transflash data lineup
1	Cheap, fast, low ink costs
1	inexpensive, fast, low ink costs
0	Not quite as high tech as some of the other phones these days.
0	Not quite as high tech as some of the other sound these years.
1	Great color
1	great color
1	G3 an excellent camera indoors
1	G3 an first-class camera indoors
0	battery life
0	battery spirit
1	Best Quality and Speed for Tabloid Size Prints under $500
1	outdo Quality and Speed for rag Size Prints under $500
0	no WAP
0	no WAP
1	Small, extremely portable, stylish, lots of features
1	Small, extremely portable, stylish, muckle of features
0	Print quality is bad, copy quality is bad, colors don't work properly.
0	Print quality is bad, copy choice is bad, colors don't operate properly.
0	Poor battery life, dropped calls, fictional digital mode, fragile antenna, need I go on?
0	Poor battery life, dropped calls, fictitious digital mode, fragile antenna, need one go on?
1	Great compact phone, lots of life in it.
1	Great compact telephone, lots of life in it.
1	6-in-1 Card Reader, Proof Sheet Feature, Print Photos or Use Copier Without Having Computer On
1	6-in-1 Card Reader, Proof Sheet Feature, Print pic or Use duplicator Without sustain Computer On
1	Eye appealing Camera, small and portable.
1	Eye appealing Camera, low and portable.
1	battery life, photo quality, features, form factor
1	battery life, photo quality, features, cast factor
0	none
0	none
0	Paper is misfed and software is slow.
0	Paper is misfed and software is irksome.
1	Switchable face plates, vibrate/silent ringer, web-enabled, instant messenger, long battery life, key guard
1	Switchable face plates, vibrate/silent ringer, web-enabled, moment messenger, long battery life, central guard
1	lightweight, easy to maneuver, cleans up great
1	lightweight, easy to maneuver, cleans up nifty
1	Excellent picture quality
1	Excellent fancy quality
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and copious memory
1	price, ease of use
1	price, ease of usance
1	A very solid, reliable phone
1	A very solid, authentic phone
0	Ok batery life, small screen, little too big
0	Ok batery life, small screen, little too liberal
1	long battery life, light weight
1	long battery life, unaccented weight
1	camera, mp3 player, bluetooth, durable, expandable, large clear screen
1	camera, mp3 player, bluetooth, durable, expandable, large clear covert
0	None that I've found
0	None that I've launch
1	Great reception, excellent battery life, well considered convenience features
1	Great reception, excellent battery life, wellspring considered convenience features
1	Value, light, small, resolution and versatility, simple installation and use, low price
1	Value, light, small, resolution and versatility, unsubdivided installation and use, small price
1	Does everything you need from a PHONE, and several other entertainment options as well
1	Does everything you need from a earpiece, and several other entertainment options as wellspring
1	Ease of use, light weight, low cost, good quality images/video
1	Ease of use, light burthen, low cost, upright quality images/video
0	Fragile, Hard to hear
0	Fragile, Hard to see
0	Doesn't measure signal very well, T-9 "word guessing" software is annoying.
0	Doesn't measure signal very well, T-9 "Logos infer" software is annoying.
1	Easy to use, excellent quality pictures, lots of useful features, looks like a film camera
1	Easy to use, excellent quality render, oodles of useful have, looks like a film camera
0	Controls are not so easy to use specially the navigation button
0	dominance are not so slow to use specially the navigation button
0	SLOW menus, easy to scratch screen, too many features to navigate and a few bugs
0	slack menus, easily to moolah screen, too many features to navigate and a few bugs
1	It's a good printer and fax, when it works
1	It's a just printer and fax, when it works
1	Tons of options, ease of use, voice clarity and quality, cool screen, memory, storage capability
1	Tons of options, simplicity of manipulation, interpreter clarity and quality, cool screen, memory, storage capability
0	terrible quality
0	terrible timbre
0	Unreliable extras, battery life, side buttons.
0	Unreliable extras, battery animation, side buttons.
0	flimsy flip top, uncomfortable against the ear, elaborate programming methods are confusing
0	thin flip exceed, uncomfortable against the ear, elaborate programming methods are confusing
0	not many ringers,vibration mode is not too strong,takes a while to load sim
0	not many ringers,vibration mode is not too hard,postulate a while to charge sim
1	great coverage, big clear screen, durable
1	great coverage, boastfully clear screen, durable
0	NONE!
0	none!
0	Battery could last a little longer
0	Battery could last a footling longer
0	I haven't found one yet
0	1 haven't found one yet
0	Image noise
0	project noise
1	Printer, Fax, Scanner, all-in-one!
1	Printer, facsimile, Scanner, all-in-one!
0	Should only be used as a PHOTO PRINTER!
0	Should only be use as a PHOTO PRINTER!
1	Very beautiful stroller, bunting cover is a great accessory
1	Very beautiful stroller, bunting enshroud is a great accessory
1	Space-Saver for Home Offices, Print quality like the pros
1	Space-Saver for Home Offices, Print quality alike the pros
0	battery usage high, availability of accessories low
0	battery usage high, availability of accessories depression
1	I learned to never buy another Motorola phone!
1	unity learned to never buy another Motorola phone!
0	The Games suck
0	The Games nurse
1	Sleek, sophisticated.  The Motorola V60 is a perfect combination of form and function.
1	sleek, sophisticated.  The Motorola V60 is a sodding combination of form and function.
1	Light, sleek, beautifully structured, long battery life, easy to personalize.
1	perch, silky, beautifully structured, long battery life, easy to personalize.
1	Flashy/trendy new features, large color screen, call screening
1	Flashy/trendy newfangled features, large color screen, call screening
1	Light Weight, Durable, Easy to read display, 4 types of numbers stored per 99 entries.
1	wanton Weight, long-lasting, Easy to read display, 4 types of bit stored per 99 entries.
1	Tiny, cute, lightweight, many features, great volume, access to the internet
1	Tiny, cute, lightweight, many lineament, great intensity, access to the internet
0	Software conflict with HP scanner for me
0	Software difference with HP scanner for me
0	Slow color printing, low quality
0	Slow color printing, dispirited quality
0	Some inconvenient menus, Slow keypad response
0	Some inconvenient menus, slow keypad response
1	Quality printing,easy to use,affordable ink
1	Quality printing,easy to employ,affordable ink
1	Smallest Digicam going! Sexy, Well made, great output.
1	Smallest Digicam going! Sexy, Well made, neat output.
1	All in one phone. No need for a pda and a phone.
1	wholly in one phone. No need for a pda and a headphone.
0	Expensive to maintain. Slow. Unavailability of inks.
0	Expensive to preserve. Slow. Unavailability of inks.
1	Easy to use, durable
1	slow to use, durable
1	Great quality, low price, easy setup
1	Great timber, low price, easy setup
0	Battery life is shallow.
0	Battery animation is shallow.
1	color LCD preview screen, records to standard floppy disks, shot-steadying feature, video recording capabilities
1	color LCD preview sort, register to standard floppy disks, shot-steadying feature, video recording capabilities
0	Bigger than most cell phones
0	braggart than most cell phones
1	Reliable as a point and shoot camera in most conditions
1	Reliable as a bespeak and shoot camera in most circumstance
0	None too mentionable
0	none too mentionable
0	Low battery life, not very durable, lack of accessories
0	broken battery life, not very durable, lack of accessories
1	Great price, good quality output, just works.
1	bang-up price, good quality output, just works.
0	Very little memory for image files.
0	Very little memory for figure files.
1	Small, Lightweight, Attractive, Battery Life
1	low, Lightweight, Attractive, Battery Life
0	Takes good photos of dead rats.
0	Takes good photo of dead rats.
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	User settings; menu item; holding signal; lack of email
0	Too BULKY,wheels squeaked and stuck alot.Not very easy to open and close!
0	Too BULKY,wheels squeaked and stuck alot.Not very easy to surface and nigh!
0	none for the home owner...this is a quality printer
0	none for the home proprietor...this is a character printer
1	fairly inexpensive; versatile
1	fairly cheap; versatile
0	Will not feed envelopes. Wont grab envelope and sprays ink all over inside of printer.
0	Will not give envelopes. Wont snatch envelope and atomizer ink all over inside of printer.
0	Scanner never worked, Document feeder frequently jams, Always had to hard boot
0	scanner never worked, Document feeder frequently jams, Always had to knockout boot
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, good quality photos
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, commodity quality photos
1	Glowing backlight, reception, speakerphone, excellent quality and reliable
1	Glowing backlight, reception, speakerphone, excellent lineament and reliable
1	Durability / Customer Service
1	enduringness / Customer Service
0	battery problems, phone malfunction
0	battery trouble, phone malfunction
0	One fat baby, Shutter lag is long
0	One fat cocker, Shutter lag is long
1	Speed, accuracy, simplicity
1	speed, accuracy, simplicity
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
0	price/no flash during movie mode/4mb stick
0	price/no dart during movie mode/4mb stick
1	LOADED with features; No moving parts
1	LOADED with features; No moving start
0	No onscreen display of cartridge usage, so you know when you're getting low.
0	No onscreen display of cartridge usage, so you bed when you're getting downhearted.
0	long booting time, flash too bright
0	foresighted booting time, flash too bright
1	Price,Speed,Print quality
1	Price,Speed,Print timbre
0	Belt Clip is bulky and needs to be wore in.
0	Belt magazine is bulky and needs to be assume in.
0	Slow, horrible print quality, poor tech support, Only works in windows 98
0	Slow, horrible print quality, poor tech abide, Only exploit in windows 98
1	Small, sleek, light; just my titanium girl style. And packed with features too!
1	Small, sleek, luminousness; just my titanium girl fashion. And packed with features too!
0	Plain exterior
0	unpatterned exterior
1	easy to use, great software, small
1	easy to use, heavy software, small
1	top of the line, great quality, lot's of new functions
1	top of the line, peachy quality, lot's of young functions
1	Awesome print quality at a fast speed
1	Awesome print prize at a fast speed
0	4MB stick too small - will need more. Flash images gray out a bit. 
0	4MB stay too small - will necessitate more. Flash images gray out a bit. 
0	NONE!!!
0	none!!!
0	Chews through the batteries.  Software could be better.
0	Chews through the batteries.  Software could be estimable.
1	Cheap OK performance
1	loud OK performance
1	Great picture quality, rechargeable batteries last quite a while
1	heavy picture quality, rechargeable batteries last quite a while
1	Good reception, great size, & unique style
1	Good reception, cracking size, & unique style
1	Long battery, sturdy, loud speakerphone, good quality, plays well with other devices
1	Long battery, sturdy, tawdry speakerphone, right quality, plays well with other devices
1	Camera, phone book, games, 'internet'
1	Camera, phone script, games, 'internet'
1	feature rich (calendar, calculator, games, ring types)
1	feature rich (calendar, calculator, games, surround types)
0	None
0	none
1	Uses a standard 9-volt battery, simple one-button functionality, auto-timer, inexpensive
1	use a standard 9-volt battery, elementary one-button functionality, auto-timer, inexpensive
0	it could have had a little better resolution
0	it could have had a little proficient resolution
1	Crisp dark black text, excellent photo output, very speedy, very small
1	sharp dark nigrify text, excellent photo output, very speedy, very small
0	Phone
0	telephone
1	Affordable, Reliable
1	Affordable, dependable
1	Durable, long ink life, price.
1	Durable, long ink life, damage.
0	Haven't found any yet.
0	Haven't rule any yet.
0	No outside display; have to open to see who is calling
0	No outside display; have to undecided to see who is call
1	Great quality, awesome battery life, Bright LCD, Olympus name
1	Great quality, awesome battery aliveness, Bright LCD, Olympus name
1	excellent as a paperweight
1	splendid as a paperweight
1	Looks cool, some useful functions, good battery life
1	see cool, some useful functions, good battery life
1	Excellent image quality, good price, USB support
1	Excellent image quality, good price, USB documentation
1	Lightweight, speakerphone, no roaming fees
1	Lightweight, speakerphone, no wander fees
1	Fast print, nice design, easy to operate.
1	Fast print, nice design, easy to function.
1	Small, Lithium battery, Great colours
1	diminished, Lithium battery, Great colours
1	Excellent display and sound, good range of features
1	Excellent display and sound, good orbit of features
0	Eats up batteries, Has a problem with light control.
0	Eats up batteries, Has a problem with twinkle control.
0	Camera, takes getting used to, mediocre battery
0	Camera, takes aim used to, mediocre battery
0	No built in MP3 support.
0	No built in MP3 abide.
1	Best reception of any vision phone
1	expert reception of any vision phone
1	small, light, easy to use
1	small, alight, easy to use
0	can only use lcd to take pictures, no viewfinder
0	can only consumption lcd to take pictures, no viewfinder
0	Noisy, no ink level indicator, no Windows XP drivers (official)
0	Noisy, no ink degree index, no Windows XP drivers (official)
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery aliveness, Memory upgradeable, esthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Sharp Photos at 2.0 Mega Pixels, Good brand, and User Friendly
1	Sharp Photos at two.0 Mega Pixels, skilful brand, and User Friendly
1	Ease of use, Picture quality
1	Ease of use, see quality
1	Size, voice
1	Size, vocalisation
1	Very small and light. Easy to use. Has most needed features.
1	Very small and light. well-situated to use. Has most needed sport.
0	Noisy, a little hard to install
0	Noisy, a little arduous to install
0	Lack of zoom capability
0	want of zoom capability
0	Some internal part noise
0	Some internal divide noise
1	Small, good quality pics
1	Small, full quality pics
1	instant pictures, fast, reliable
1	instant pictures, flying, reliable
1	New 360 swivel, stylish and adequate in any lighting
1	New 360 swivel, stylish and tolerable in any lighting
0	Cost
0	toll
0	None at this price point
0	None at this price manoeuvre
0	Somewhat flimsy.  Reception is questionable.
0	Somewhat slight.  Reception is questionable.
0	No normal ring tones, 12 characters for names, pictures with camera only, geared towards kids/teens
0	No normal doughnut note, 12 characters for names, pictures with camera only, geared towards jolly/teens
1	Has every feature imaginable! 
1	Has every have imaginable! 
1	lots of features, good battery life, infra red
1	lashings of features, good battery life, infra red
0	photo's take a LONG time to download
0	photo's ask a LONG time to download
0	Sound quality is awful
0	heavy quality is awful
1	Quality pictures, manual controls, movie mode with sound.
1	Quality word-painting, manual controls, movie mode with sound.
1	Fast, Easy, USB, Great Quality
1	Fast, Easy, USB, outstanding Quality
0	fragile lens
0	frail lens
0	I am not big on the silver cover.
0	I am not large on the silver cover.
1	Excellent reception/broadcast. Very small, tri-mode, exterior LCD, SMS, vibrate+ring.
1	Excellent response/broadcast. Very small, tri-mode, exterior LCD, SMS, oscillate+ring.
1	Very easy to use
1	Very light to use
1	Does a great job with printing color
1	execute a great job with printing color
0	Does not include charging stand, can not hear yourself when talking.
0	Does not include file suffer, can not hear yourself when talking.
0	Boxy but good, no optical zoom, few manual expert features
0	Boxy but practiced, no visual zoom, few manual expert features
1	thin, light weight, color screen, speaker phone
1	thin, brightness weight, color screen, speaker phone
0	Limited zoom, not too good at far shots, better at close ones.
0	Limited zoom, not too good at far shots, better at near I.
1	good interface
1	expert interface
0	Very poor photo printing, looks like old printers do, Grainy
0	Very poor pic printing, smell like old printers do, Grainy
0	Short battery life in analog areas, Antenna is useless
0	Short battery life in analogue areas, Antenna is useless
1	Macro Setting, Great Price, Olympus Technology, Super High Quality (SHQ), Easy to Use Software
1	Macro Setting, outstanding Price, Olympus Technology, Super High Quality (SHQ), prosperous to Use Software
0	The system has limitations locally, for now.
0	The organisation has limitations locally, for now.
0	Detection problems with colors and paper
0	Detection trouble with colors and paper
1	price, resolution, ease of use, features, zoom, picture sharpness, exposure and resolution, durability
1	price, resolution, ease of employ, features, zoom, picture sharpness, exposure and declaration, durability
1	Lightweight, easy to use, stylish
1	Lightweight, soft to use, stylish
0	Can't find clip for it yet.
0	Can't breakthrough clip for it yet.
0	Kind of big and clunky looking.  Noisy paper loading.
0	Kind of big and clunky expect.  Noisy paper loading.
0	The Polaroid PDC 700 is a real battery sapper. No zoom lens. 
0	The Polaroid PDC 700 is a material battery sapper. no zoom lens. 
0	The 3 sec lag, and that pesky Sony "enter" button.
0	The trio unsweet lag, and that pesky Sony "enter" button.
0	Plasticky, no swivelling LCD, battery guzzler &amp; hot during operation
0	Plasticky, no swivelling LCD, battery guzzler &ampere; live during operation
1	Good talktime, Lotta features.
1	expert talktime, Lotta features.
0	Poor battery life when using display, only 2X optical zoom
0	piteous battery life when using show, only 2X optical zoom
0	CD errors resulting in lost photos, a bit bulky, long delay time between photos
0	CD errors resulting in baffled photos, a bit bulky, long postponement time between photos
0	slow
0	obtuse
0	lack of power? not enough for price
0	want of power? not enough for price
1	Easy of use, Make your on video's, Multiple accessories, long battery life, Well built!
1	sluttish of use, Make your on video's, Multiple accessories, long battery life, well built!
1	Nice print quality, easy to install
1	Nice print quality, soft to install
1	The most stylish phone you can get that isn't a Vertu.
1	The most stylish earphone you can arrive that isn't a Vertu.
0	Can't take continuous pics, too long to shoot
0	Can't take continuous flick, too long to shoot
1	Zoom and focus by adjusting lens manually; Great on-screen menus and lots of controls
1	Zoom and direction by adjusting lens manually; Great on-screen menus and muckle of controls
1	Excellent print quality, Dual ink cartridges. 
1	Excellent print quality, double ink cartridges. 
1	Looks nice I guess
1	Looks nice I opine
0	Printer head had to be replaced twice in 10 months (under warranty, but a hassle none the less).
0	printer guide had to be replace twice in 10 months (under warranty, but a hassle none the less).
1	Ease of use, clear &amp;amp; crisp pictures, LCD
1	Ease of use, clear &amp;amp; scrunch pictures, LCD
1	changable color covers. voice mail, caller id, long battery life
1	changable color masking. vocalize mail, caller id, long battery life
1	Outstanding pictures outdoors, nice colour, handy user interface
1	Outstanding pictures outdoors, skillful colour, handy user interface
1	Cheap
1	punk
0	Service isn't so great in small areas
0	Service isn't so great in pocket-size areas
1	For those who want a no-think, just-shoot camera, look no further
1	For those who neediness a no-think, just-shoot camera, see no further
1	It's a phone
1	It's a sound
0	price
0	terms
1	Small size, phenomenal standby time, PIN feature
1	pocket-size size, phenomenal standby time, PIN feature
0	image quality and focus 
0	paradigm quality and focus 
1	Fast B/W, Cheap
1	Fast B/W, crummy
1	Easy to use!!
1	Easy to enjoyment!!
0	bad reception, bad battery life, gets hot while in use
0	bad reception, bad battery liveliness, dumbfound hot while in use
0	too many errors
0	too many mistake
1	Outstanding image quality, good battery life, easy to use, optical zoom, NTSC out.
1	Outstanding image quality, good battery life, well-heeled to consumption, optical zoom, NTSC out.
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable heavy to regain.
0	Slow, bit of an ink monster!
0	Slow, bit of an ink demon!
0	Shutter lag, picture quality (yellow tone), battery life
0	Shutter lag, picture quality (yellow tone), bombardment life
1	full functional dual purpose device
1	full functional dual purpose gimmick
1	Easy to use, good camera, good speaker phone, not too expensive, solid battery
1	Easy to use, good camera, right speaker phone, not too expensive, unanimous battery
1	Beautiful shots, picture perfect!
1	Beautiful stab, picture perfect!
1	Size, Battery life, PC Connectivity, Pic Quality.
1	Size, Battery lifetime, PC Connectivity, Pic Quality.
1	Simple, stylish package
1	Simple, stylish packet
1	Great little camera, sharp pictures
1	Great little camera, knifelike pictures
1	small, light, good on batteries
1	modest, light, good on batteries
1	sturdy body, pc connectivity, a lot of features, great tft screen, lens, power management, etc
1	sturdy body, pc connectivity, a mickle of features, great tft screenland, lens, magnate management, etc
1	Cellphone and handsfree kit in one
1	Cellphone and handsfree kit in unrivaled
0	none
0	none
0	If keypad lock is on and you bump the slide open a little, it unlocks.
0	If keypad lock is on and you blow the slue open a petty, it unlocks.
1	Color, Color, Color.  Battery Life and Great Reception.
1	Color, Color, Color.  Battery Life and peachy Reception.
0	Hard to find, seat cover would be nice
0	heavily to find, seat cover would be nice
1	Great Battery life, Bright screen, Great color, Great Sound
1	Great Battery life, Bright screen, Great color, bang-up Sound
1	pretty clear pictures and fun and easy software included.
1	pretty unclutter pictures and fun and easy software included.
0	Included Batteries Inappropriate
0	admit Batteries Inappropriate
1	small, fits in your pocket, image quality, easy to use
1	small, fits in your pocket, look-alike quality, slowly to use
0	Difficult to pick up signal, sound at receiving end is "electronic"
0	Difficult to pick up signal, heavy at receiving cease is "electronic"
1	Nothing but praise.
1	naught but praise.
0	not for high volume copiers
0	not for high book copiers
0	Using standard quality paper, ink can smudge until dry (which only takes a few seconds)
0	Using standard quality paper, ink can slur until dry (which only convey a few instant)
1	Small a packed with features.
1	belittled a packed with features.
1	Excellent Color Screen, Polyphonic Ringtones, Verizon's "Get It Now" service, Personal Information Mangager
1	Excellent Color Screen, Polyphonic Ringtones, Verizon's "sustain It Now" service, Personal entropy Mangager
1	Fast, sharp, reliable.
1	profligate, sharp, reliable.
1	Price, good photographs, easy to use
1	Price, unspoiled photographs, easy to use
1	light, quiet, quality photo printing,  this one more like a Honda than a Jeep
1	light, quiet, quality exposure printing,  this ane more like a Honda than a Jeep
0	resolution not best  if you want to make 8x10's
0	resolution not best  if you require to make 8x10's
0	Backlight goes out a little too quickly .
0	Backlight whirl out a little too quickly .
1	Decent print quality, good copy/scan quality
1	Decent print quality, effective copy/scan quality
1	Bright LCD screen, great quality sound, and tons of features, lighter than helium
1	brilliant LCD screen, great quality heavy, and tons of features, lighter than helium
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy use, have galore
1	Small size, picture size for the money
1	Small size, pic size for the money
0	It's not an HP
0	It's not an horsepower
0	low resolution, short battery life
0	low resolution, short battery aliveness
0	The prices are somewhat high.
0	The cost are somewhat high.
0	High cost per page. Small ink tanks. Slow text output.
0	High cost per page. Small ink tanks. slowly text turnout.
1	Easy to use, nice quality pics
1	easily to use, nice quality pics
1	sweet and small
1	mellisonant and small
0	Lens cap
0	Lens hood
0	Flimsy antenna, very basic
0	Flimsy aerial, very basic
1	Can use it anywhere nation-wide with clarity
1	Can exercise it anywhere nation-wide with clarity
0	No WAP access
0	no WAP access
0	no vibrating battery, no Nokia faceplates available
0	no resonate battery, no Nokia faceplates available
1	Stylish, elegant.
1	fashionable, elegant.
1	you could contact your love one
1	you could liaison your love one
1	unbelieveable quality on canon paper, super fast,excellent tonal range
1	unbelieveable quality on canon report, super fast,excellent tonal vagabond
1	Great design, good size, speakerphone feature works great
1	Great design, skilful size, speakerphone feature works great
1	Ease of use, replacing ink less expensive
1	easiness of use, replacing ink less expensive
1	wide  enough  to  drive and  make  calls
1	wide  enough  to  ride and  make  calls
0	Difficult to see LCD screen on bright days; a bit grainy in low light
0	Difficult to see LCD screen on bright days; a bit coarse-grained in moo light
1	Beautiful photo prints... great color matching. Fast!
1	Beautiful photo prints... great color matching. flying!
0	Price and weight
0	toll and weight
1	Great size, excellent feature set, easy to use
1	Great size, excellent feature set, easy to employ
1	Rugged, dependable, excellent photo quality, intuitive and easy interface with PC.
1	Rugged, good, excellent photo quality, intuitive and well-to-do interface with PC.
0	Still a fairly high price.
0	Still a fairly heights price.
1	Cheap, small and easy to use. Delivers quality pix.
1	Cheap, pocket-sized and easy to use. Delivers quality pix.
0	Gives my office personnel no excuses for not completing projects in a timely fashion!!
0	open my office personnel no excuses for not completing figure in a timely fashion!!
1	BEST customer service representatives I have EVER dealt with!  Please continue to see why!
1	honorable customer service representatives I have EVER contend with!  Please continue to see why!
0	Occasional smearing when printer is low on ink
0	Occasional smearing when printer is first on ink
0	Makes noise around electronic equipment (b/c of radiation)
0	form noise around electronic equipment (b/c of radiation)
1	Lightweight, easy to use, plenty of flexability in software (organize menu...etc)
1	Lightweight, well-heeled to use, deal of flexability in software (organize menu...etc)
0	Will not ring and vibrate simultaneously, some rings on highest volume are hard to hear,
0	Will not halo and vibrate simultaneously, some rings on eminent volume are intemperate to hear,
0	Buttons might be too tiny for some people, some static.
0	Buttons might be too tiny for some citizenry, some still.
0	Very Stripped, no lens cap or filter, and the LCD is useless in sunlight.
0	Very rifle, no lens cap or filter, and the LCD is useless in sun.
1	Looks cool, great price, print photos!
1	Looks cool, smashing price, print photos!
0	flat headset plug that comes off easily, volume too low for me
0	flat headset plug that come off easily, volume too depleted for me
1	The Camera for the beginners.
1	The Camera for the father.
0	Bulky size, cheesy feel, short lasting color output
0	Bulky size, cheesy feel, short lasting semblance output
1	Size, Size, &amp; Size, Great LCD Display, Features, Software, Battery Life
1	Size, Size, &A; Size, swell LCD Display, Features, Software, Battery Life
0	Low volume in loud places, small buttons
0	Low volume in loud shoes, small buttons
0	?? Mine came with a gold cover, I would rather have a black one.
0	?? Mine came with a gold treat, I would rather have a contraband one.
1	Price, Ease of Use, Size, LCD Screen
1	damage, Ease of Use, Size, LCD Screen
0	speed and cleaning
0	speed and cleansing
1	lightweight
1	jackanapes
0	battery is somewhat weak, files take up a lot of RAM
0	battery is somewhat weak, files remove up a lot of tup
1	Compact size and very good video for a still camera
1	heavyset size and very good video for a silence camera
0	Not quality Pictures
0	Not quality movie
1	Great signal, durable, compact
1	bully signal, durable, compact
1	Very easy to use,  built in flash, auto focus.
1	Very easy to use,  built in twinkling, auto focus.
0	Time consumming to learn the software
0	time consumming to learn the software
1	Clear sound; modem phone; takes still and video pictures.
1	Clear sound; modem earphone; takes still and video pictures.
1	Quality
1	select
1	Nice prints (Especially color pictures)
1	Nice prints (Especially colour pictures)
1	Razor sharp pictures, long battery life, plenty of features and a low price.
1	Razor sharp pictures, long battery lifespan, plenty of features and a gloomy price.
0	Very Short Battery Life, Very Slow to Download via serial mode.
0	Very Short Battery Life, really boring to Download via serial mode.
0	careful when cleaning and using dust cover
0	careful when cleaning and using dust underwrite
0	Had to buy extra memory stick
0	Had to buy extra memory bind
1	QVGA Screen 1.3mp Camera BT-SPK-Video MP3wNice Speakers Well Designed and Well Constructed
1	QVGA screen 1.3mp Camera BT-SPK-Video MP3wNice utterer Well Designed and Well Constructed
1	Inexpensive handset that has good battery life and clear call quality.
1	cheap handset that has good bombardment life and clear call quality.
1	Many different functions from one machine
1	Many different operate from one machine
0	None -- it's better than it should be.
0	None -- it's estimable than it should be.
0	Too many to count.  they all have to do with the durability and quality.
0	Too many to reckoning.  they all have to do with the durability and lineament.
0	name brand ink cartridges are EXPENSIVE
0	name stigmatize ink cartridges are EXPENSIVE
1	Stylish Looks, Interchangeable bezels & casing, reverse black/blue lit screen, rotating flip design, lightweight
1	Stylish Looks, Interchangeable bezels & casing, overthrow black/blue lit screen, rotating thumb design, lightweight
0	small buttons, headset not too loud
0	small buttons, headset not too loudly
0	No AC adapter. Use rechargeable batteries. Will be helpful to have a card reader.
0	No AC adapter. Use rechargeable batteries. leave be helpful to have a card lector.
0	Extremely fragile screen display is easily cracked -- phone becomes ruined.
0	highly fragile screen display is easily cracked -- phone becomes break.
1	easy to get started.. low cost
1	easy to get started.. miserable cost
0	None
0	none
1	Descent price/battery life/camera.
1	stemma price/battery life/camera.
0	menu is a bit intense with options
0	menu is a bit intense with choice
1	Many features, easy to use, stylish
1	Many features, easily to use, stylish
0	Manual is on Software and not as separate item.
0	Manual is on Software and not as classify item.
0	Lack of features, Short Battery life, not user friendly
0	Lack of sport, Short Battery life, not user friendly
1	Flawless Operation, Beautiful Pictures
1	Flawless Operation, Beautiful picture
0	Battery life (minor problem)
0	Battery life (small problem)
0	some might not like antenna and small buttons,its better then you would think
0	some might not like antenna and small buttons,its dependable then you would retrieve
0	unreliable picture quality,battery life,flash card too small.
0	unreliable image quality,battery life,flash card too small.
0	pricey
0	costly
0	Expensive
0	expensive
1	Very small; cheap; fast; easy to use; stores 100+ photos; usb; long battery life
1	Very minuscule; cheap; fast; well-fixed to use; stores 100+ photos; usb; long battery life
0	Minor software glitches
0	kid software glitches
0	A bit noisy, Nikon should have built it around a 4 megapixel CCD.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	A spot noisy, Nikon should have construct it around a 4 megapixel CCD.&amp;#13;&amp;#ten;
0	Smartmedia storage, LCD drains batteries quickly, very little zoom.
0	Smartmedia warehousing, LCD drains batteries quickly, very little zoom.
0	Expensive
0	expensive
0	Battery Level, Small buttons
0	Battery Level, modest buttons
1	Great pictures, easy to use, lot's of bang for the buck
1	capital pictures, easy to consumption, lot's of bang for the buck
0	none yet
0	none still
1	Great print quality and speed.  Handles stacks of ANY size card or envelope.
1	outstanding print quality and speed.  Handles mess of ANY size card or envelope.
0	pretty expensive, but a reasonable price for the product and product quality
0	pretty expensive, but a reasonable price for the product and intersection select
1	Small, lightweight, Slim, great looking, cool blue illumination.
1	Small, lightweight, Slim, great looking, cool bluish illumination.
1	Fairly fast, sharp text, good quality even with medium paper 
1	Fairly fast, sharp textbook, good timbre even with medium paper 
1	Sleek and Sexy, High Performance
1	Sleek and Sexy, heights Performance
1	Easy to Use, Quick
1	Easy to employ, Quick
1	Next to the photos I took with my 35mm and they are just as good.
1	Next to the picture I deal with my 35mm and they are just as near.
1	PDA/Phone all-in-one. Handles nicely, good quality sound.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	PDA/call all-in-one. grip nicely, good quality sound.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	Small, sleek and effective.  Great battery life.
1	Small, sleek and effective.  gravid battery life.
0	a little pricey as phones go, but compares with much higher-priced models.
0	a little pricey as earpiece survive, but compares with much higher-priced models.
1	super sharp photos, comparable to my SLR. Very easy to use.  Great zoom
1	top-notch sharp photos, comparable to my SLR. Very easy to employment.  Great zoom
0	Poor Button Reactivity
0	Poor Button responsiveness
1	Inexpensive photos,  rugged body,
1	Inexpensive photos,  furrowed body,
0	inevitable noseprints on viewer, megapixel limitations
0	inevitable noseprints on witness, megapixel limitations
0	Ink cartridges are too expensive and not always what you pay for
0	Ink magazine are too expensive and not invariably what you pay for
1	Features, size, accessories
1	Features, sizing, accessories
0	Poor  construction, poor sound to people called. Difficult to use.
0	Poor  construction, poor sound to masses called. Difficult to expend.
1	Takes beautiful pictures, 8z zoom, EVF makes camera SLR like, small for it's feature set.
1	adopt beautiful pictures, 8z zoom, EVF ready camera SLR like, small for it's feature place.
1	easy to use, removable/ replaceable memory card, LCD screen...
1	easily to use, removable/ replaceable memory card, LCD screen...
0	How does the polyphonic speaker work?  Not a very good user's manual.
0	How does the polyphonic speaker shape?  Not a very unspoilt user's manual.
0	Camera is Bulky, pricey accessories
0	Camera is Bulky, pricy accessories
0	None
0	none
0	price; almost too many features
0	terms; almost too many features
0	Can be hard to open and close.
0	lavatory be hard to open and close.
1	Excellent sound quality, long standby and talk time, light weight, works on digital and analog
1	Excellent sound prize, long standby and talk time, light slant, crop on digital and analog
1	Small and sleek. Takes video and photos. And holds a lot of files.
1	Small and sleek. have video and photos. And give a lot of files.
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	A decent earphone with some unique features!
0	no internal flash
0	no internal ostentate
0	Positioning of window and basket a bit awkward
0	Positioning of window and basket a snatch awkward
0	expensive, but worth it...
0	expensive, but deserving it...
0	slow shutter release response
0	slow shutter dismissal response
1	Great quality, nice features, decent print speed.
1	Great quality, courteous features, decent print speed.
0	some purple fringing, battery hog
0	some purple fringing, battery squealer
1	small, easy to use, takes WONDERFUL pictures for the price.
1	small, easy to usage, takes WONDERFUL video for the price.
0	None so far
0	None so FAR
1	Inexpensive, great quality prints, , three separate color low price ink cartridges
1	Inexpensive, great quality prints, , three disunite colourize low price ink cartridges
1	Compact, economical, well-rounded
1	succinct, economical, well-rounded
1	Compact; loaded with features; great battery life
1	Compact; loaded with features; outstanding battery life
0	Weak flash, limited zoom
0	Weak garish, limited zoom
0	Service
0	overhaul
0	zoom can be a pain, battery use
0	zoom can be a pain, battery utilize
0	Rough Focus
0	bumpy Focus
0	The only manual you get is for the fax machine. 
0	The only manual you convey is for the fax automobile. 
0	Tad pricey, very slow to take picture
0	Tad pricey, very slow to ask picture
0	None
0	none
1	Quick printing, great color prints -  photo quality, economical
1	Quick printing, great color prints -  photo quality, sparing
1	Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
1	Size, Talk-Time, boast, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
0	Bulky, batteries need frequent recharging
0	Bulky, batteries need sponsor recharging
0	Picture clarity not as clear as a good 35mm
0	fancy clarity not as clear as a good 35mm
1	good price, good photos, comes with a/c&amp;#13;&amp;#10;attachment, flash, battery
1	good price, good photos, comes with a/c&amp;#thirteen;&amp;#10;affixation, tatty, battery
0	reception is hard to come by
0	reception is arduous to come by
0	not able to use as hands-free,battery life a lot less than advertised
0	not able to employment as hands-free,battery life a peck less than advertised
0	Costly power adapter!
0	pricy power adapter!
0	Nothing really.  Keypad takes some getting used to.
0	Nothing really.  Keypad contract some getting used to.
1	Steady, smooth riding,  good running stride space
1	Steady, liquid riding,  good running stride space
1	Sturdy, bright screen, loud, clear speakerphone, classy looking, easy to navigate
1	Sturdy, promising screen, loud, vindicated speakerphone, classy looking, easy to navigate
1	Good voice-dialing
1	serious voice-dialing
1	Inexpensive, very sturdy construction, USB card reader included.
1	Inexpensive, very sturdy structure, USB card reader included.
0	Two SMS is horribly integrated, service, expensive
0	Two SMS is awfully integrated, service, expensive
0	Software problems.  Many phones become unusable.  Freezes.  Shuts down.  Screen very bad.
0	Software problems.  Many headphone become unusable.  Freezes.  Shuts down.  Screen very defective.
1	Not a bad size, colorful face plates, multiple rings
1	Not a bad size, colorful face plateful, multiple rings
0	Flash
0	newsflash
0	n/a
0	nitrogen/a
0	ring volume, sound quality price.
0	mob volume, sound quality price.
1	Excellent quality printing, I prefer it to any other...
1	Excellent quality print, I prefer it to any other...
1	Very cheap, good B/W printing, optional scanner cartridge
1	really cheap, good B/W printing, optional scanner cartridge
1	Easy to change the ink cartridges, cool software with printer.  Great to keep as a backup printer.
1	Easy to change the ink cartridges, cool software with printer.  Great to observe as a substitute pressman.
1	Quality of image,  great lens; range of features and accessories available.
1	Quality of prototype,  corking lens; range of features and accessories available.
0	No upgradeable memory. Very poor software suite.Uses proprietary music format (NOT mp3)
0	No upgradeable memory. real poor software suite.consumption proprietary music format (NOT mp3)
1	Beautiful sharp and consistant BW printing.
1	Beautiful shrill and consistant BW printing.
1	Extravagant range of possible settings, yet can be used as a point-and-shoot
1	Extravagant straddle of possible mount, yet can be used as a point-and-shoot
1	rear seat reclines all the way down, great construction, very sturdy
1	rear seat reclines all the fashion down, corking construction, very sturdy
1	Quality of the printing both black/white and color, quality of the scanner, and the speed with which it produces a copy or sends a fax
1	prize of the publish both disastrous/bloodless and color, quality of the scanner, and the speed with which it produces a copy or place a fax
1	compact, good screen, batt life, etc etc
1	compact, secure screen, batt life, etc etc
1	You can take ALL high-resolution pictures without worrying about space!
1	You can rent ALL high-resolution visualize without worrying about space!
1	Quality, size, weight
1	lineament, size, weight
0	ringtones - doesn't support midi ringtones, side buttons can be pressed easily when in pocket.
0	ringtones - doesn't affirm midi ringtones, position buttons can be pressed easily when in pocket.
1	Good resolution, floppy storage, 14x Zoom, Sound/Movie modes
1	Good resolution, floppy storage, 14x Zoom, voice/Movie modes
0	Small keypad, sound quality, battery capability
0	Small keypad, healthy quality, battery capability
1	good clear picture
1	good acquit picture
1	It fits in my pocket.
1	It check in my pocket.
0	High printer cost means printer is not for everybody, can hog large amounts of CPU time leading to CPU hang time...  you may need to wait for medium to complex jobs to finish printing on low to medium range computers
0	gamey printer cost means printer is not for everybody, can hog declamatory amounts of CPU clock go to CPU bent time...  you may need to expect for metier to complex jobs to refinement printing on low to medium range computers
0	no clips or carriers exist that allow you to see who's calling without removing first
0	no clips or newsboy exist that reserve you to ensure who's calling without removing first
1	Cheap (if you can't afford anything else)
1	flash (if you can't afford anything else)
1	Size, GSM, usage profiles
1	Size, GSM, utilisation profiles
1	Small, Looks cool
1	Small, seem cool
0	Minute usage goes fast, have to keep putting in password to access certain features.
0	Minute usance proceed fast, have to keep putting in password to access certain features.
0	doesn't have polyphonic ringtones
0	doesn't have contrapuntal ringtones
1	size!!!, easy to use, battery life
1	size!!!, easy to expend, battery life
1	Size, size, size! Performance.
1	Size, size, size! performance.
0	A little bit bulky, the buttons are bit stiff, vibrate mode costs extra.
0	A little bit bulky, the push are bit stiff, vibrate mode costs supererogatory.
1	None to speak of.
1	None to talk of.
1	Clear pictures, great for the money
1	clear-cut pictures, great for the money
1	easy to push and turn, plenty of room for 2 children 
1	easy to advertise and turn, plenty of room for 2 youngster 
0	Battery life
0	battery life
1	Good phone and features for the price.
1	well phone and features for the price.
1	Easy to use
1	well-fixed to use
1	Great battery life, speaker, very rugged
1	Great battery life, verbalizer, very rugged
1	White light background.  Small, light,
1	flannel light background.  Small, light,
1	Ability to purchase separate printer cartridges.
1	Ability to purchase separate pressman cartridges.
1	Solid case. Good display. Big, spaced out number keys.
1	Solid character. Good display. Big, spaced out number keys.
0	VERY Poor Signal Strength, Cost
0	VERY Poor Signal Strength, be
0	Are there any?
0	constitute there any?
0	what's not to like?
0	what's not to same?
0	Needs a pointable sun umbrella
0	Needs a pointable solarise umbrella
1	Fairly light stroller.  Easy folding and sturdy.
1	Fairly low-cal stroller.  Easy folding and sturdy.
1	Price, great technical help
1	Price, great technical facilitate
1	Large screen, voice dialing, Bluetooth compatible, Camera and Video ability.
1	boastfully screen, voice dialing, Bluetooth compatible, Camera and TV ability.
1	Adequate reception, good entry level phone
1	Adequate reception, good entry story phone
1	5X zoom, abundant features, vivid colors
1	5X zoom, abundant features, vivid semblance
0	Not sure why I have to assign a speed dial number to every phonebook entry.
0	Not surely why I have to assign a speed dial amount to every phonebook ingress.
0	Skimpy on features other phones have.&#13;&#10;- Difficult to navigate phone without learning the "shortcuts"
0	skimpy on feature other phones have.&#13;&#10;- Difficult to navigate phone without teach the "shortcuts"
1	Small, fairly easy to use, very easy to upload to computer
1	Small, fairly easy to practice, very promiscuous to upload to computer
1	It is lightweight.
1	IT is lightweight.
0	Scratches easily
0	lucre easily
0	no video with camera, could be lighter, moderately expensive
0	no video with camera, could be light, moderately expensive
1	Great price, good pictures, easy set up
1	majuscule price, good pictures, easy set up
0	none thus far
0	none hence far
0	Lens Cap
0	Lens pileus
0	slow to record
0	obtuse to record
0	ImageMaker software not compatible with older operating systems, locked into MemoryStick technology
0	ImageMaker software not compatible with honest-to-goodness operating systems, engage into MemoryStick technology
1	Multi-purpose, great design, fast and small
1	Multi-purpose, swell design, fast and small
0	Price
0	cost
0	Slow high colored pages
0	Slow high colored pageboy
0	small memory stick, needs ring light for macro subjects
0	minor memory stick, needs ring light for macro subjects
1	Size, sound quality and clarity
1	Size, levelheaded quality and clarity
0	Not very fast, Seals Envelopes
0	Not very fast, Seals envelope
1	good quality pictures and .avi video considering resolution and cons!
1	right quality image and .avi video considering resolution and cons!
0	Complicated menus, semi-expensive accessories.
0	Complicated menus, semi-expensive accoutrement.
1	Feature Rich, compact size
1	boast Rich, compact size
0	but its just not big enough
0	but its just not grown enough
1	View screen instant review. point and shoot, high resolution photos
1	View screen flash review. point and fritter, high resolution photos
0	buttons may be too small for those with big hands,no color screen, antenna?
0	buttons may be too small for those with bountiful hands,no colorise screen, antenna?
1	Great sound quality, amazing features
1	bang-up sound quality, amazing features
0	Cheated on optical zoom
0	chisel on optical zoom
0	unprotected display, keys too small, dust under display
0	unprotected presentation, keys too small, dust under display
0	Confusing controls.
0	Confusing check.
0	bad indoor pics.
0	bad indoor flick.
1	cheap, E-Z to use
1	cheesy, E-Z to use
1	Easy to Use
1	Easy to practice
1	Price, Ability to change look, Battery life, Keylock, Easy to use
1	Price, Ability to change tone, Battery life, Keylock, Easy to apply
1	Picture Quality, Excellent Lens, Excellent Documentation
1	Picture Quality, Excellent Lens, splendid Documentation
1	small, durable, dual band, built in calendar features and AOL IM,
1	small, durable, twofold stria, built in calendar features and AOL IM,
1	Lithium Ion Battery, Contact Manager, Handy Tools.
1	Lithium Ion Battery, Contact handler, Handy Tools.
0	Frustrating controls, sub-par music playing capabilities.
0	Frustrating ascendency, sub-par music playing capabilities.
1	quick, easy to use, dependable
1	quick, easy to use, reliable
1	It was free.
1	It was gratuitous.
1	Easy to use, durable, great preview display
1	Easy to use, durable, peachy preview display
1	Very high quality, quick text printing, vibrant colors.
1	Very eminent quality, quick text printing, vibrant colors.
1	size, looks, features, software usability
1	size, look, features, software usability
1	User Interface; color screen; blue keys
1	User Interface; color screen; Amytal keys
0	None
0	none
1	Good for scanning to Acrobat.
1	well for scanning to Acrobat.
0	Requires Bi-Directional Cable, or USB, standard parallel port cable wont' work.
0	Requires Bi-Directional Cable, or USB, standard twin port cable wont' go.
1	Good features, Great to play around with for the Video part and BlueTooth.
1	proficient features, Great to looseness around with for the Video part and BlueTooth.
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	cracking features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
0	Price, A little larger than other cameras.
0	Price, A little great than other cameras.
1	small, sturdy, dependable
1	diminished, sturdy, dependable
1	Great price, easy installation and it prints fast!
1	majuscule price, easy installation and it prints fast!
0	complicated menus.  Construction could have been better.
0	complicated menus.  Construction could have been right.
0	High priced
0	highschool priced
0	lighting needs to be right, no LCD Display
0	lighting needs to be properly, no LCD Display
1	Cost &amp;amp; Quality
1	Cost &amp;A; Quality
1	great price for home users. excellent quality
1	great price for home users. excellent tone
1	good image quality, affordable
1	good image timbre, affordable
1	superb photo quality and ease of use. light and rugged enough to take being knocked around. 
1	superb photo quality and simpleness of employ. light and rugged enough to read being knocked around. 
1	LCD screen
1	LCD shield
0	Very few cons!
0	Very few goldbrick!
0	Cheap design of lens cover and usb/AC jack cover (neither stay in place).
0	Cheap aim of lens cover and usb/AC jack cover (neither stick in place).
0	Sub-par vibration mode, confusing menus and lack of ringing choices
0	Sub-par vibration mode, befuddle carte and lack of ringing choices
0	Kind of heavy
0	Kind of hard
1	small, light, fast shutter speed, internal 16 megs. memory with option of smartmedia disks.
1	small, tripping, fast shutter speed, national 16 megs. memory with option of smartmedia disks.
0	My web is broken for now, but that is verizons fault, not the phone.
0	My web is humbled for now, but that is verizons fault, not the telephone.
0	Under-powered flash
0	Under-powered flaunt
1	design
1	project
0	Not much zoom, picture software is very basic
0	Not much zoom, show software is very basic
0	See Opinion
0	control Opinion
0	none found (yet)
0	none chance (yet)
0	Nothing I can think of
0	Nothing I can intend of
1	It is a Canon Printer,Which for me has always meant quality
1	It is a Canon Printer,Which for me has invariably meant prime
0	Slow
0	slowly
1	Size, weight
1	Size, weightiness
0	Extended use of LCD screen dramatically decreases battery life
0	Extended use of LCD screen dramatically reduction battery life
1	The buttons are not confusing, and you can point and shoot with the camera
1	The clitoris are not confusing, and you can point and charge with the camera
1	Nice looking and long battery life
1	Nice looking and long battery lifespan
0	difficult to learn
0	difficult to instruct
1	Great deal at Cingular; lightweight and easy to use.
1	Great softwood at Cingular; lightweight and easy to use.
0	Pull Up Antenna
0	attract Up Antenna
0	I have not found any yet.  Costly Ink Cartridges
0	I have not base any yet.  Costly Ink Cartridges
0	Standby reception, Size, Clarity, holster , charging connection, Volume, Durability.
0	Standby reception, Size, Clarity, holster , charging connection, intensity, Durability.
0	Poor design of external buttons. Awful camera quality.
0	Poor intent of external buttons. Awful camera quality.
1	8X zoom, compact size, excellent 3 megapixel images, , 
1	8X zoom, compact size, excellent 3 megapixel trope, , 
1	Easy to use, good paper feed.
1	Easy to use, unspoiled paper feed.
0	Feels cheap
0	Feels chinchy
1	Cheap, USB connection, reasonable quality photos
1	Cheap, USB connection, reasonable choice photos
0	Poor Image Quality
0	Poor fancy Quality
1	Call Quality, lots of features including a Planner, Durable, E911, built-in answering machine
1	visit Quality, lots of features including a Planner, long-lived, E911, built-in answering machine
1	The size, cost, no contracts, roaming fees etc.
1	The size, cost, no contracts, stray fees etc.
1	Small, functional, wireless web option, decent battery life with included battery
1	lowly, functional, wireless web option, decent battery sprightliness with included battery
0	Very poor battery life and Very limited memory with no option to expand it
0	Very poor battery life and Very modified memory with no alternative to expand it
0	Small display, somewhat dated, interface just OK
0	Small display, jolly dated, interface just OK
0	No data sync
0	No information sync
1	Cheap and effective
1	Cheap and good
0	No Battery Charger
0	No bombardment Charger
1	Truly a workhorse for small office.
1	Truly a workhorse for belittled office.
0	Priced much higher than others but worth it
0	Priced much gamey than others but worth it
1	USB Support, cheap price up front...
1	USB reinforcement, cheap price up front...
1	Wow...  U.S.B., Whats NOT to like... (well there's...)
1	howler...  U.entropy.B., Whats NOT to like... (well there's...)
1	Great picture quality, easy to use.
1	Great picture lineament, easy to use.
0	low battery warning sucks, 2 memory chips, some features difficult to access, zoom is temperamental
0	low battery warning sucks, 2 memory nick, some boast difficult to access, whizz is temperamental
0	GSM does not work well in San Diego
0	GSM does not work comfortably in San Diego
0	dropped calls//not often
0	expend calls//not often
1	cheap - $50 / good quality print/ individual color cartridges
1	cheap - $50 / good quality print/ individual coloring cartridges
0	It broke several times!
0	It skint several times!
0	Made in Phillipines, No Physical Manual
0	name in Phillipines, No Physical Manual
0	little warning when ink runs out
0	niggling warning when ink runs out
0	Screen still "ghosts" at times, Left and right buttons above remind me of 7210, Costly.
0	test nonetheless "ghosts" at times, lead and right buttons above remind me of 7210, Costly.
0	large for car trunk, squeaky wheels, baby food tray scratched.
0	large for car torso, squealing wheels, baby food tray scratched.
0	Bad cartridge life
0	spoilt cartridge life
0	Haven't seen any cons
0	Haven't seen any bunko
0	I can't think of one
0	I can't think of i
1	Picture Quality and Size, Memory,  Screen, Small Size, Coolness
1	ikon Quality and Size, Memory,  Screen, Small Size, Coolness
1	Charge time is fast, speaker phone
1	point time is fast, speaker phone
1	Lightweight and stylish
1	lightweight and stylish
1	Cheap, Affordable, Fast
1	Cheap, Affordable, fasting
0	Battery life, slow startup cycle times, under-powered flash&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Battery life, slow startup hertz meter, under-powered flash&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	very easy to learn and use. Great photos
1	very leisurely to learn and use. Great photos
0	upload to computer is slow
0	upload to computer is dense
1	Size and style and battery life.
1	sizing and style and battery life.
0	A little larger than some more-recent cell phones, no Internet features
0	A little large than some more-recent cadre phones, no Internet features
1	Picture Quality, speed
1	Picture Quality, race
1	Speaker Phone, 2-way radio, text paging
1	speaker Phone, 2-way radio, text paging
0	Slow and noisy, uses a lot of ink.
0	Slow and noisy, uses a mountain of ink.
1	Easy to use and inexpensive
1	Easy to purpose and inexpensive
0	Speaker too quiet, too easy to accidentally press buttons, not enough features.
0	Speaker too quietly, too easy to accidentally exhort buttons, not enough features.
0	Only the basket which is flimsy, doesn't hold a lot, and is hard to access.
0	merely the basket which is flimsy, doesn't adjudge a lot, and is knockout to access.
0	Difficulty taking low light shots, video quality poor and no sound
0	Difficulty acquire down light shots, video quality poor and no sound
1	You can download pictures from the internet. Plus the ringtones are ok.
1	You can download exposure from the internet. addition the ringtones are ok.
0	Not many different ring tones, all the features could be confusing for a first-time user
0	Not many different phone tincture, all the features could be fuddle for a first-time user
1	Compact size, great price, decent sized address book
1	Compact size, great price, comely sized address book
0	Slow timing within the shooter speed and the picture taking in the Automatic mode.
0	Slow timing inside the shooter speed and the impression taking in the Automatic mode.
0	Ring tones, $35 activation fee
0	ringing tones, $35 activation fee
0	a little bit noisy&amp;#133;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	a little fleck noisy&amp;#133;&AMP;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Truly outstanding print quality
1	unfeignedly outstanding print quality
0	Need better support for network printing in NT and 2000
0	penury secure support for network printing in NT and 2000
1	does all the phone functions adequately
1	does all the phone go adequately
1	Good features and nice screen.
1	expert features and nice screen.
0	 Short focal length lens Flash on the weak side  
0	 suddenly focal length lens Flash on the weak side  
1	Get organized, surf the web, play games and talk on the phone!
1	sustain organized, surf the web, play games and talk on the ring!
0	None
0	none
0	eats batteries
0	chuck batteries
0	Still a TAD bulky, Application instabilities, only acceptable battery life, Pricey, Palm-based
0	still a TAD bulky, Application instabilities, only acceptable battery sprightliness, Pricey, Palm-based
0	A little large and lacks a viewfinder
0	A little bombastic and lacks a viewfinder
1	Slim Type phone, Cheap and cool.
1	Slim Type phone, chintzy and cool.
0	Only the cost, but worth every penny.
0	Only the be, but worth every penny.
1	Small and very light.
1	Small and very light-headed.
0	Poor standard battery life. , 4MB memory card not sufficient
0	Poor standard battery life. , 4MB memory wit not sufficient
0	Drivers have a tendancy to be tempramental.
0	driver have a tendancy to be tempramental.
0	Serial cable only (No USB capabilities), Slow Uploading time.
0	serial cable only (No USB capabilities), Slow Uploading time.
1	Size, Bright Light, Add Ons
1	Size, Bright Light, MBD Ons
0	Sound quality, reception, usability
0	Sound tone, reception, usability
0	Slightly noisier than similar models, ink cartridges harder to find
0	Slightly noisier than alike models, ink cartridges heavy to find
0	weak flash, weak macro &amp; price
0	weak gaudy, weak macro &amp; price
1	GSM Quad band, PC Sync, Bluetooth, EDGE, signal-voice quality.
1	GSM Quad band, PC synchronize, Bluetooth, EDGE, signal-voice quality.
1	Fast, quiet, and great quality
1	Fast, quiet, and bang-up quality
0	Cheap
0	chintzy
1	Techie features
1	Techie sport
1	Size; Sound quality; External caller ID display; Trimode; Appearance
1	Size; Sound quality; External caller ID showing; Trimode; Appearance
0	Phonebook, some of the default settings (explained in my review)
0	Phonebook, some of the default scene (explained in my followup)
1	Excellent color, inexpensive, works with macintosh
1	Excellent color, inexpensive, influence with macintosh
1	quality, fast b/w, ink lasts long
1	quality, fast b/w, ink lasts longsighted
1	Small, lightweight, flip-phone style, lit display, lots of number storage.
1	Small, lightweight, flip-phone style, lit display, loads of act storage.
0	2x Optical Zoom, needs a 16-32MB card
0	2x Optical Zoom, motive a 16-32MB card
1	Small, light, easy to use
1	Small, ignite, easy to use
0	size, ease of use, basket size, durability
0	size, ease of utilization, basket size, durability
1	Great picture easy to use
1	Great picture easygoing to use
1	Lots of features, fun to use
1	Lots of features, fun to usance
1	Build quality, features, feel
1	Build lineament, features, feel
1	Great for close up
1	Great for fold up
0	Address book and calendar layout, placement of web-button and typical phone camera.
0	Address record and calendar layout, placement of web-button and distinctive phone camera.
1	Good Image Quality/Excellent Value
1	near Image Quality/Excellent Value
1	-Small
1	-diminished
1	Price, photo quality, ease of use.
1	Price, photo lineament, ease of use.
0	Moves my entire cheap particle board computer desk :)
0	motion my entire cheap particle board computer desk :)
0	EVERYTHING ELSE!!!  Battery life, reception, keypad, ringers, gets very hot...you name it, it's bad!
0	EVERYTHING ELSE!!!  Battery life, reception, keypad, ringers, beat very raging...you mention it, it's bad!
1	Price, Software, Ease of use and installation, Print Quality.
1	Price, Software, Ease of enjoyment and installation, Print Quality.
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, store, use, carry.  Great for travel
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, store, use, persuade.  Great for travelling
0	Antenna breaks, ear piece is to quiet, poor reception.
0	Antenna breaks, ear piece is to quietly, poor reception.
1	Size, Features, Durable, Speakerphone, Java enabled, Mixed Vibrate/Ring Mode
1	Size, Features, Durable, Speakerphone, Java enabled, fuse Vibrate/halo Mode
0	A little bulky &amp; fairly slow shutter speed.
0	A little bulky &amp; fairly slacken shutter speed.
1	easy of use, great quality,floppy disk storage
1	easy of use, great quality,floppy disk storehouse
0	Poor battery door, long delay for pictures, poor controls
0	Poor battery door, long delay for pictures, inadequate controls
1	Great phone, easy to use
1	Great phone, well-fixed to use
0	Location of camera lens, ringer low when phone is open, glare during the day
0	Location of camera lens, ringer blue when phone is open, blaze during the day
1	Everything about it
1	Everything about it
1	Small size, many features, airplane mode, calendar
1	Small size, many characteristic, airplane mode, calendar
0	Slow onboard camera - computer transfer, picture shown in LCD screen prior to shot is a bit brighter than the final image, no lense cover
0	Slow onboard camera - computer transfer, picture exhibit in LCD screen prior to barb is a bit smart than the final image, no lense hide
0	Just about everything else about it
0	equitable about everything else about it
1	Easy setup and operation
1	Easy setup and functioning
1	Clarity, battery life
1	Clarity, battery life-time
1	Lots of features, LCD screen
1	mickle of features, LCD screen
0	Roaming is not available. Antenna does not stay up. Sprint PCS Customer Service.
0	stray is not available. Antenna does not hitch up. Sprint PCS Customer Service.
0	very slow
0	very deadening
1	Great little flip phone, wonderful sound, strong speaker
1	Great little somerset phone, wonderful sound, strong speaker
0	Storage is limited by the current technology
0	Storage is circumscribed by the current technology
0	about as noisy as anyother laser printer
0	about as noisy as anyother laser pressman
1	worldwide phone number, GSM roaming "just works
1	worldwide sound number, GSM roaming "just works
0	Single Band
0	exclusive Band
1	Picture quality, price, software
1	photo quality, price, software
0	battery life
0	shelling life
1	cheap, easy to use
1	cheap, easy to utilise
0	Slight auto focus lag, kind of expensive.
0	rebuff auto focus lag, kind of expensive.
0	expensive, smallish basket, average size canopy
0	expensive, smallish handbasket, average size canopy
1	It's great and easy
1	It's great and well-to-do
1	Great pics, easy to use.
1	great pics, easy to use.
0	Rides better with larger child in the rear seat.
0	Rides full with larger child in the rear seat.
0	crappy avi recording.
0	crappy avi memorialise.
1	Good buy, good performance
1	soundly buy, good performance
1	Very cheap
1	Very bum
1	Ping Pong Messaging, easy use, cheap
1	Ping Pong Messaging, easy use, tawdry
1	Lots of cup holders, lightweight, one handed folding
1	luck of cup holders, lightweight, one handed folding
1	good photo printing
1	respectable photo printing
1	Great Image Quality. 
1	Great Image timbre. 
1	Excellent image quality, colour rendition is the best
1	Excellent image quality, vividness rendition is the best
1	powerfull little camera, AA batteries, picture quality
1	powerfull short camera, AA batteries, picture quality
0	cartridge costs should come down
0	cartridge be should come down
0	Rather noisy
0	instead noisy
0	It's HUGE, quite expensive and the software crashes.
0	It's HUGE, quite expensive and the software doss.
1	Very versatile
1	real versatile
0	waste of paper, bad printout, black and white only
0	waste of paper, bad printout, blackened and white only
0	Print time (but easy to shorten)
0	Print time (but easy to expurgate)
1	Amazing Picture "quality."
1	Amazing word-painting "quality."
1	Voice Dialing
1	vox Dialing
1	Easy to use, great software.
1	Easy to consumption, great software.
0	SUCKS FOR ME
0	SUCKS FOR Maine
1	Price
1	terms
0	Faceplate scratches easily.
0	Faceplate cacography easily.
0	Unintuitive menu icons
0	Unintuitive carte icons
0	Poor battery life.
0	Poor bombardment life.
0	Slow press-to-shoot time, rechargeable battery pack is optional
0	dull press-to-shoot time, rechargeable battery pack is optional
0	Display fonts too small -
0	showing fonts too small -
0	Your wardrobe suffers because you spent all your $$$ on phone
0	Your closet support because you spent all your $$$ on phone
1	Not bad price for a zoom camera
1	Not bad Price for a zoom camera
0	can only print the 1440x720 dpi on special paper
0	can only print the 1440x720 dpi on extra paper
0	Horizontal paper feed can be tricky on thicker stock
0	Horizontal paper feed can be tricky on slurred stock
0	Installation and software CD.
0	initiation and software CD.
0	Bright Flash is too bright
0	Bright tatty is too bright
0	Keypad construction, buggy software (time), can't change default text entry, many button presses required, "unintuitive"
0	Keypad construction, loopy software (time), can't change default textbook entry, many button crush required, "unintuitive"
0	Cheap manufacture/is not durable, paper jams
0	gimcrack manufacture/is not durable, paper jams
1	as small as the regular elph.
1	as small as the unconstipated elph.
1	easy to use
1	easy to role
1	small, elegant and simple overall interface, good interface shortcuts, great battery life, durable
1	small, elegant and simple overall interface, right interface shortcuts, great battery lifetime, durable
0	the voice dialing sometimes is a little sluggish, but still i like it.
0	the voice dialing sometimes is a little slow, but still i ilk it.
0	Slow writes, slow reads, slow boot-up, slow shut-down...JUST PLAIN SLOW
0	Slow writes, slow reads, irksome boot-up, slow shut-down...scarcely PLAIN SLOW
0	The paper port does not have writer capabilities.
0	The composition port does not have writer capabilities.
1	Great Images, Optical Zoom, Good features
1	Great double, Optical Zoom, Good features
1	Prints nice a few times in a row, well supported
1	Prints gracious a few times in a run-in, well supported
1	not many pros here
1	not many pro here
0	battery drain, need to package with bigger capacity memory cards
0	battery drain, need to package with enceinte capacity memory posting
0	A bit expensive; no customizable ringtones; some still find it too bulky.
0	A bite expensive; no customizable ringtones; some still bump it too bulky.
1	Top Quality, Speed, Software
1	Top timbre, Speed, Software
1	Cost, Quality of Pictures, LCD display
1	Cost, Quality of depiction, LCD display
1	flexible - use as a stroller or carriage, solid and sturdy, warm with boot
1	flexible - use as a ambler or carriage, self-colored and sturdy, warm with boot
1	big wheels,easy steering
1	big wheels,light steering
1	Great pictures that aren't blurry... and it's compact!
1	Great pictures that aren't blurry... and it's compendious!
1	speaker phone, beautiful color screen, fm radio, polyphonic ring tones, java, wap, infrared
1	speaker phone, beautiful discolor screen, fm radio, polyphonic border tones, java, wap, infrared
1	Small and portable, has zoom!
1	belittled and portable, has zoom!
1	Great customer service but wish it was toll-free
1	Great customer overhaul but wish it was toll-free
0	drink tray jiggles a little bit
0	boozing tray jiggles a little bit
0	uses ink fast but it takes ink to make an image
0	uses ink fast but it lead ink to construct an image
0	Weak Speakerphone, small size, costly downloads
0	weak Speakerphone, small size, costly downloads
0	May be inconvenient if you don't want to use a Palm device.
0	May be inconvenient if you don't neediness to use a ribbon device.
0	Macro Mode, Detachable Lens Cap
0	Macro fashion, Detachable Lens Cap
1	fast, reliable, good quality
1	fast, reliable, respectable quality
0	Nothing, except people annoying you asking &amp;quot;What is that&amp;quot;
0	Nothing, except people chafe you involve &amp;quot;What is that&amp;quot;
0	Small lens, limited manual settings
0	little lens, limited manual settings
1	Speakerphone. Tons of features.
1	speakerphone. Tons of features.
1	High Quality, inexpensive
1	High tone, inexpensive
0	prints loudly
0	prints obstreperously
1	tip calculator
1	angle calculator
1	everything about this camera is incredible!
1	everything about this camera is unbelievable!
0	Very large camera, heavy.
0	Very large camera, intemperate.
0	slow, response time is slow
0	slow, response time is slack
0	I had two problems with this one antenna broke off and keypad stopped working, possibly cheaply made
0	I had two problems with this one antenna part off and keypad contain go, possibly cheaply made
0	Maybe a little small for some people, can't really think of anything else
0	Maybe a little small for some people, can't actually consider of anything else
0	Disks fill quickly, difficult to use in bright sunlight
0	Disks fill quickly, difficult to use in shiny sunlight
1	Cheap; efficient; handles all paper types; user-friendly software; delivers high resolution.
1	Cheap; efficient; handles all paper type; user-friendly software; render high resolution.
1	compact and lightweight
1	covenant and lightweight
0	Very Expensive Ink Cartilage, Very Slow
0	Very Expensive Ink Cartilage, Very wearisome
0	Drains Batteries/Low Flash
0	Drains Batteries/scurvy Flash
0	Drop it and rebuild it, Zoom is week, Must be steady, 
0	swing it and rebuild it, Zoom is week, Must be stiff, 
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Fantastic Photos
1	Fantastic photograph
1	Very high quality, Good features and gadgets, excellent signal reception
1	very high quality, estimable features and gadgets, excellent signal reception
1	nice print quality
1	nice print lineament
1	GOOD VALUE
1	upright VALUE
0	Large footprint; grabs the paper loudly; shakes the desk while printing(!)
0	Large footprint; catch the paper loudly; shingle the desk while printing(!)
1	Absolutely NONE
1	Absolutely none
1	Improved control layout, ultra compact, limited manual capability, photo effects mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Improved control layout, ultra summary, express manual capability, photo essence mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Not very rugged, battery life could be better, extended battery makes unit very thick.
0	Not very rugged, battery life could be best, extended battery realize unit very thick.
0	Consumes allot of ink. Not good for office use.
0	Consumes allot of ink. Not right for office use.
0	Colour screen is v. low resolution (101x80) and only 256 colours so can appear liney.
0	colourize screen is v. low-pitched resolve (101x80) and only 256 colours so can appear liney.
1	Beautiful,great reception,easy functions,and compact
1	Beautiful,great reception,leisurely functions,and compact
0	'on/off' button might be confused with shutter release button, battery compartment hinge seems flimsy
0	'on/off' button mightiness be disordered with shutter unblock button, battery compartment hinge seems flimsy
0	menus and price...
0	menus and cost...
1	can use as a travel system, easy to steer
1	can use as a travel system, slowly to steer
0	Just not the same as film
0	fair not the same as film
1	Compact, cheap and dependable.
1	Compact, chinchy and dependable.
0	Big and clunky, anything BUT hassle-free.
0	Big and unwieldy, anything BUT hassle-free.
0	- Flimsy Antenna
0	- Flimsy aerial
0	not as fast as some others
0	not as dissolute as some others
0	lens cap, battery life, a little big
0	lens cap, battery life, a little bounteous
1	great zoom lens
1	swell zoom lens
0	Gulps ink, poor reliabilty
0	swig ink, poor reliabilty
1	Easy, great price, great features
1	Easy, great toll, great features
0	Camera, Side Buttons, No MP3s, Videos
0	Camera, Side release, No MP3s, Videos
1	The bright colors.
1	The bright color.
1	CDMA,LGC330W
1	CDMA,LGC330W
1	plug-and-play, double sided printing, color output, handsome design, quietness
1	plug-and-play, double sided printing, color output, bounteous design, quietness
0	doesn't come with rechargeable batteries or an AC Adapter
0	doesn't come with rechargeable barrage or an AC Adapter
1	ease of use, great clear photos, feels good in the hand
1	ease of use, heavy clear photos, feels honest in the hand
1	Lightweight, roomy basket, child tray and cupholder, easy recline
1	lightweight, roomy basket, child tray and cupholder, easy recline
0	standard battery sucks, but beg for extended life bat.
0	standard battery sucks, but beg for extended biography bat.
0	Below average reception, error prone button layout, slow clunky menu interface.
0	Below average reception, error prone button layout, slow clunky card port.
0	Slow
0	obtuse
1	4.1 Mp, good battery life, tons of features, easy to use
1	4.1 Mp, good battery life, lashings of features, easy to utilize
1	Floppy Drive
1	Floppy campaign
1	I liked the SGH R225 because it was very light and had  good design.
1	I liked the SGH R225 because it was very faint and had  good conception.
0	Slow shutter speeds
0	Slow shutter rush
0	More expensive than other &amp;quot;home&amp;quot; printers, hard to find in stock, sleek design may look out of place with your other boring components
0	More expensive than other &amp;quot;base&amp;quot; printers, hard to rule in stock, sleek design may depend out of property with your other boring part
1	Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	Big screen, commodity battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	Easy to use, well designed, cheap
1	slow to use, well designed, cheap
1	sturdy, great print quality, easy set up
1	sturdy, outstanding print quality, easy set up
1	Easy installation, cheap ink cartridges,  prints great photos,and very inexpensive.
1	Easy installation, tinny ink cartridges,  mark great photos,and very inexpensive.
1	Voice Dialing
1	representative Dialing
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	comfortably if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone choice
1	Great pictures, TV Out, LCD, Smartmedia
1	Great pictures, television Out, LCD, Smartmedia
1	Elegance appearance with a slim and graceful figure; strong function positioning, and abundant personal designing.
1	Elegance appearance with a slight and graceful figure; strong use set, and abundant personal designing.
0	first one was defective, easily exchanged
0	first unrivalled was defective, easily exchanged
0	No optical zoom / consumes batteries fast
0	No optical zoom / consumes barrage fast
0	Expensive Cartridges, Lousy Tech Service from India, Overpriced, Faulty Paper Sensor, Time Waste 
0	Expensive Cartridges, Lousy Tech Service from India, Overpriced, Faulty Paper Sensor, sentence wasteland 
1	Slick look. Small form factor. Bluetooth. Camera. Wireless web
1	Slick look. Small form component. Bluetooth. Camera. Wireless web
0	No audible click when snapping the picture, instructions not that easy to understand
0	No audible click when crack the project, instructions not that easy to understand
1	Great Pictures, Easy to Download
1	Great Pictures, tardily to Download
0	Can't use half the features thanks to The Interface From Hell. Antenna makes shoulder-holders shrug.
0	Can't use half the boast thanks to The Interface From Hell. antenna micturate shoulder-holders shrug.
1	Gorgeous Images, USB Ready, 2.1 Megapixels, Inexpensive, Easy to use...
1	Gorgeous Images, USB quick, 2.1 Megapixels, Inexpensive, well-off to use...
0	Absence built-in vibrocall, high price
0	Absence inherent vibrocall, high price
1	great display, inner and outer, with indigo color, decent reception
1	bully display, inner and outer, with indigo colourise, decent reception
0	The serial Link is slow. The packaged software is particular. 
0	The serial Link is deadening. The packaged package is particular. 
0	HIGH PRICE TAG, not a Nokia, plastic part of face scratches easily.  Stubby antenna.
0	HIGH PRICE TAG, not a Nokia, plastic part of case moolah easily.  Stubby antenna.
1	Image quality, speed, battery life, storage capacity
1	Image quality, hasten, battery life, storage capacity
0	ease of use
0	ease of manipulation
1	sturdy design, easy to use
1	sturdy design, easy to habituate
1	Takes great pictures, very clear, pretty good zoom
1	Takes great pictures, very top, pretty good zoom
1	Small, optical viewfinder, good image quality
1	Small, optical viewfinder, goodness image quality
0	the cartridges are a little expensive I think
0	the cartridges are a little expensive I opine
0	Ink Ink Ink!! Too expensive
0	Ink Ink Ink!! likewise expensive
0	Shot to shot time; initially awkward controls
0	dash to shot time; initially awkward controls
0	Dropped calls sometimes, lots of heat.
0	Dropped ring sometimes, lots of heat.
1	technology, cool features
1	technology, nerveless features
0	Slow, basic and expensive printing
0	Slow, basic and expensive impress
0	Speed, Build Quality
0	hurry, Build Quality
1	Fax, copier, scanner, and printer all in one.
1	Fax, copier, scanner, and printer all in unrivalled.
1	Incredible image quality.  Nightshot!  Can be fully manual.
1	Incredible image quality.  Nightshot!  displace be fully manual.
0	battery life and stability of OS
0	battery life and stability of bone
0	Edges of copies may bend on output tray
0	Edges of copies may bow on output tray
1	Ease of use
1	comfort of use
1	they are always below
1	they are constantly below
0	size of display, no custom ring tones per caller, limited use in remote areas
0	size of display, no custom ring inflect per caller, limited purpose in remote areas
1	Easy to use!
1	gentle to use!
1	Front AND back faceplates, ringtone composer, calendar, alarm, messaging
1	Front AND backwards faceplates, ringtone composer, calendar, alarm, messaging
0	bright sun pics, black sky moon pics
0	bright sun pics, calamitous sky moon pics
1	Small size, easy to use, great clarity
1	Small size, well-off to use, great clarity
1	Easy to use, Reliable
1	Easy to usance, Reliable
0	No USB sync, backlight poor
0	No USB sync, backlight pitiful
1	SOMETIMES, IT WILL RUN WITH NO PROBLEMS!
1	SOMETIMES, IT WILL hunt WITH NO PROBLEMS!
0	Battery life is extremely short, and buttons are too small.
0	Battery lifetime is extremely light, and buttons are too small.
0	Not flashy, if you're into that sort of thing.  Just a good, reliable phone.
0	Not gimcrack, if you're into that sort of thing.  Just a practiced, reliable phone.
0	Shaky voice quality
0	Shaky voice calibre
0	fare in low light conditions, flash isn't very strong
0	fare in low tripping conditions, flash isn't very strong
0	Basket can be hard to get at when the seat is fully reclined.  Hefty price.
0	Basket can be intemperate to stick at when the seat is fully reclined.  powerful price.
1	GPRS, 3min Voice Recorder, Lion Battery, T9
1	GPRS, 3min Voice Recorder, Leo Battery, T9
0	Sometimes confusing menus
0	Sometimes confusing card
0	Feels a little cheap, not the best quality, mere 8MB card 
0	Feels a little loud, not the best quality, mere 8MB poster 
0	No LCD cover
0	No LCD overcompensate
0	Bulky, propritary memory, slow at times
0	Bulky, propritary memory, behind at times
0	A little slow getting started.
0	A little slow getting startle.
1	Quality, Battery Lifetime
1	character, Battery Lifetime
1	3.34 megapixels, great lens, many modes, caters to amateurs and pros, crisp LCD screen
1	3.34 megapixels, smashing lens, many modes, caters to amateurs and professional, crisp LCD filmdom
0	Tech support virtually non-existent; 
0	Tech reenforcement virtually non-existent; 
0	grainy images, distortion, poor quality images
0	grainy images, distortion, poor character images
1	lightweight, tiny, great reception, great battery life, tons of options
1	lightweight, tiny, bully reception, great battery life, tons of alternative
1	Signal,Features, everything!
1	signalise,Features, everything!
0	Typing messages with iTap is not smart enough. Small buttons.
0	Typing messages with iTap is not hurt plenty. Small buttons.
0	Bad keypad ergonomics, Bluetooth functions could be better, mediocre talk time.
0	Bad keypad ergonomics, Bluetooth office could be better, middling talk time.
1	Color screen, features(does nearly everything), durability.
1	Color screenland, features(does nearly everything), durability.
1	great camera for beginners, easy to use, USB, inexpensive
1	neat camera for beginners, easy to use, USB, inexpensive
1	Very lightweight, easy to use, great safety straps, built to last.
1	Very lightweight, easy to use, great safety slash, built to last-place.
0	not enough designs
0	not enough invention
0	Sony does offer higher quality devices
0	Sony does offer higher character devices
0	pictures are hit &amp; miss,not for professionals
0	image are hit &amp; miss,not for professionals
0	Prints somewhat slow on High Quality jobs.
0	Prints pretty slow on High Quality jobs.
0	Cartridges are a bit more expensive.  Color printing is good but not photo quality
0	Cartridges are a mo more expensive.  Color printing is goodness but not photo quality
0	Short standard battery life,
0	curt standard battery life,
1	compact
1	succinct
1	price is cheaper than many, small and easy to store
1	price is cheaper than many, small-scale and well-fixed to store
0	only 2X Zoom, expensive power adapter, no simple USB driver
0	only 2X surge, expensive power transcriber, no simple USB driver
0	Battery life, Earpiece/Car Charger Set-up
0	Battery life, Earpiece/Car charger Set-up
1	Good reception, voice quality, and features.
1	honest reception, voice quality, and features.
0	Communicam
0	Communicam
0	None
0	none
0	Flimsy, not durable, unreliable, buggy interface, poor customization options.
0	Flimsy, not durable, unreliable, fruity interface, poor customization options.
0	Eats up the batteries!
0	exhaust up the batteries!
1	detail; price
1	detail; Price
1	Lightweight, games, Tones
1	Lightweight, games, tonicity
1	Affordable, easy and fun, with great quality pictures
1	Affordable, easy and fun, with great quality visualize
1	Sleek design
1	Sleek blueprint
1	Very easy to use
1	Very easy to usance
0	Ink is expensive
0	ink is expensive
1	good black and white, time
1	good fateful and white, time
0	Heavier than some cell phones.
0	gravid than some cell phones.
1	Good size, easy to hear, tri-mode, voice-activated dialing
1	upright size, easy to hear, tri-mode, voice-activated dialing
0	LCD display
0	LCD expose
1	size, weight, signal strength, clarity, durability, outside caller ID
1	size, weight, signal strength, clarity, durability, international caller ID
0	Reliability. Failed to work with E18 error code on second day out of the box.
0	Reliability. Failed to work with E18 error encrypt on second daylight out of the package.
0	Rechargable Battery Life (suggest buying another battery, for backup)
0	Rechargable Battery Life (suggest buying another battery, for accompaniment)
0	not full frame yet, dust, quite heavy
0	not full border yet, dust, quite heavy
1	Inexpensive-lightweight-easy to use-great quality photos
1	Inexpensive-lightweight-easy to use-great prime photos
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Amazing receipt, vibrant color test, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Excellent camera for nearly all uses
1	fantabulous camera for nearly all uses
0	Slow transfer time via serial port
0	Slow transpose time via serial port
0	Price, flimsy antenna, weight
0	Price, flimsy antenna, angle
0	Difficult to change volume on the spot.
0	Difficult to change volume on the smirch.
0	only 4 meg chip with camera; not the highest resolution
0	only quatern meg chip with camera; not the highest solving
0	expensive cartriges
0	expensive cartriges
1	Features, price.
1	feature, price.
1	Dependable, clear, moderately fast
1	Dependable, vindicated, moderately fast
0	ITS YOUR FIRST DIGITAL CAMERA TO PLAY WITH!!!! :)
0	ITS YOUR initiatory DIGITAL CAMERA TO PLAY WITH!!!! :)
0	Hard to give back to the salesperson after you play with it.
0	strong to hold back to the salesperson after you play with it.
0	none
0	none
0	Cant even depend on basic functions of make and receive calls
0	Cant evening depend on basic functions of urinate and receive calls
1	Inexpensive and easy to use!
1	Inexpensive and easily to use!
0	Big antennae and kind of heavy
0	swelled antennae and kind of heavy
0	Slow, poor software, low paper and ink capacity
0	Slow, poor software, depleted paper and ink capacity
1	No monthly contracts
1	No monthly squeeze
0	Lack of Flash
0	Lack of garish
1	Usability
1	usability
0	none!!
0	none!!
1	handy, high quality pictures
1	Handy, high quality pictures
1	picture quality equivalent to a good 35mm camera
1	picture quality equivalent to a expert 35mm camera
0	None
0	none
0	when putting it in your pocket, the antenna points more towards your body
0	when putting it in your pocket, the aerial points more towards your consistency
0	can't find any yet!
0	can't breakthrough any yet!
0	none
0	none
0	You need to devote time to learn to use it--but do.
0	You need to consecrate time to study to use it--but do.
1	Still working wonderfully after 4 years.  Has good print quality and is simple to operate.
1	still working wonderfully after 4 yr.  HA good print quality and is simple to operate.
1	Voice activation, nice screen, looks good, good reception
1	Voice activation, squeamish screen, looks good, good reception
0	Still the same strange headset dongle; Faceplate is too thin.
0	nevertheless the same strange headset dongle; Faceplate is too reduce.
1	small size, good software included for free with the unit
1	small size, thoroughly software included for innocent with the unit
1	Good features, cheaper than most cameras.
1	Good features, sleazy than most cameras.
1	Color display, polyphonic ringtones
1	distort display, polyphonic ringtones
1	Flip cover locks keys,
1	toss cover locks keys,
0	some ringers are not loud enough for me
0	some ringers are not trashy enough for me
0	This phone is not ring tone compatible and unable to send/recieve text messages.
0	This phone is not ring tone compatible and unable to commit/recieve textbook messages.
1	built-in rain cover, reclines, adjustable handles, free standing, removable front bumper bar, basket, sharp-looking
1	built-in rain cover, reclines, adjustable handles, free brook, removable front bumper debar, basket, sharp-looking
0	Web Browser is horrible
0	network Browser is horrible
0	ear piece
0	ear while
0	Large footprint
0	declamatory footprint
1	small enough to carry with you
1	small enough to run with you
0	A little on the pricey side.
0	A lilliputian on the pricey side.
0	Controls sensitive, non-intuitive interface, rechargable batteries a must., needs additional memory card.
0	restraint tender, non-intuitive interface, rechargable batteries a must., needs additional memory card.
1	Jam-packed with features, Low Price!
1	Jam-packed with features, downhearted Price!
0	menus are a little 'dumbed down'; cheap housing
0	menus are a little 'dumbed down'; chinchy housing
0	Small number buttons
0	Small list buttons
1	Good features when it worked
1	unspoilt features when it worked
0	low ear piece volume, not a polyphonic phone (can not download ring tunes)
0	abject ear man volume, not a polyphonic phone (can not download ring tunes)
1	Inexpensive, uses cheap toner, trouble free.
1	Inexpensive, uses cheap toner, trouble complimentary.
1	small, slim, high-end features, customizeable, sturdy, easy-to-read display, price
1	humble, slim, high-end features, customizeable, sturdy, easy-to-read display, price
1	no contracts, no monthy bills, you only use what you pay for.
1	no contracts, no monthy placard, you only use what you remuneration for.
0	slow speed, poor low light performance
0	retard speed, poor low light performance
0	short battery life, comes with no games, cant talk and charge battery
0	shortsighted battery life, follow with no games, cant talk and charge battery
0	none
0	none
1	Compact, Indiglo, Evironment Feature
1	Compact, Indiglo, Evironment have
1	Solid, sturdy phone.  Clarity of in call sound.  Battery life.
1	Solid, stalwart phone.  pellucidity of in call sound.  Battery life.
0	Not enough features
0	not enough features
0	Too expensive (even with the rebate); much better units (BJC-3000) available.
0	Too expensive (even with the rebate); practically salutary units (BJC-3000) available.
0	Text printing just so, so.  Software could use some tweaking.
0	Text printing just so, so.  Software could utilization some tweak.
1	Outstanding reception, easy to use.
1	Outstanding reception, easy to consumption.
0	size, dropped calls, volume, menus and phonebook
0	size, omit calls, volume, menus and phonebook
1	Compact, Easy To Use, Good Pictures
1	Compact, Easy To Use, practiced Pictures
0	flash not so hot, no zoom
0	tacky not so hot, no zoom
0	Instruction manual is hard to use for the manually-challenged : )
0	Instruction manual is severely to use for the manually-challenged : )
0	plain paper output not as sharp, slow in high quality modes
0	unmistakable paper output not as sharp, slow in high timber modes
1	Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
1	Beautiful screen & pellucidity, incredible reception & battery life.
0	- no calculator, no calendar, battery life is terrible
0	- no calculator, no calendar, battery life is frightening
0	Heavy, no storage basket
0	Heavy, no reposition basket
0	Battery kills time
0	barrage kills time
1	Small, range of accessories. Versatile.
1	Small, range of accouterment. Versatile.
1	toner lasts 4000 pages, faster than inkjet
1	toner lasts 4000 pages, quick than inkjet
1	Excellent Optics,AC adapter included,Easy to use
1	Excellent Optics,AC adapter included,Easy to utilize
0	low DPI
0	low-pitched DPI
0	Only if your T28s won't suffer from manufacturing defects
0	Only if your T28s won't stand from manufacturing defects
1	workhorse that doesn't give up
1	workhorse that doesn't springiness up
1	High Quality, speed, controllability
1	High Quality, rush, controllability
0	Cost of most digital cameras make them impractical for most young people.
0	Cost of most digital cameras realise them impractical for most vernal people.
1	Easy to use and cost productive
1	easily to use and cost productive
1	Easy to use, great lighting in dark environment, price
1	Easy to manipulation, great lighting in dark environment, price
0	Black text quality, not near a laser
0	Black text timbre, not near a laser
0	8 MB CompactFlash card inadequate, Case not included, Short battery life
0	8 M CompactFlash card inadequate, Case not included, Short battery life-time
1	size, price, image quality, ease of use
1	size, price, image character, ease of use
1	nice faceplates, 1-touch dialing, lots of space for numbers
1	nice faceplates, 1-touch dialing, lots of space for Numbers
1	Quiet and fast, Quality incredible, User friendly
1	Quiet and fast, Quality incredible, User favorable
1	Excellent, vivid, sharp photos
1	Excellent, pictorial, sharp photos
1	Speaker phone, Voice activated dialing, Long battery life, Affordable, Stylish design.
1	Speaker phone, Voice activated dialing, Long battery living, affordable, Stylish design.
0	Rather short battery life on standard battery, none else..
0	Rather inadequate battery life on standard battery, none else..
0	None
0	none
0	Can't turn off annoying sound, speakerphone is extrasuper quiet, not my all-time favorite setup/rearrangement options
0	Can't number off annoying levelheaded, speakerphone is extrasuper hushed, not my all-time favorite setup/rearrangement options
0	poor pictures in low light, slow shutter speed, 2.3 megapixel
0	poor pictures in low light, tedious shutter upper, 2.3 megapixel
0	Not so good on Macros
0	Not so just on Macros
1	Net ready, voice activated dialing, vibrating, crystal clarity, and verizon service!
1	earnings cook, voice activated dialing, vibrating, crystal clarity, and verizon service!
0	No included case
0	No included vitrine
1	Small size, nice display, ergonomic, nice display on outside of clamshell, large& easily accessably keypad
1	Small size, nice display, ergonomic, squeamish display on outside of clamshell, big& well accessably keypad
0	It lacks the resolution in picture quality of some other well known brands.
0	It deficiency the resolution in picture quality of some other well known trademark.
0	No viewfinder, No external charger included
0	No viewfinder, No external charger admit
0	A little too little
0	angstrom little too little
1	More styling then 5160, &amp; has T-9 Predictive Text Capability
1	More styling then 5160, &amp; has T-9 Predictive textbook capableness
0	Batteries, doesn't come with a case
0	Batteries, doesn't occur with a case
0	PHONE SHUTS OFF! Terrible reception, bad side buttons, slow processor.
0	PHONE SHUTS off! direful reception, bad side buttons, slow processor.
1	Price, picture quality, size
1	Price, exposure quality, size
1	The Sound quality is bar none. &#13;&#10;The voice dial feature is great!
1	The Sound quality is ginmill none. &#13;&#10;The part dial feature is great!
0	Print head goes out and it cost 150.00 to replace - largest rip-off ever. 
0	Print head rifle out and it toll 150.00 to replace - largest rip-off ever. 
1	size, color screen
1	size, discolour screen
1	An incredible value!
1	An incredible measure!
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	A comely phone with some unique features!
0	wimpy zoom
0	wimpish zoom
1	2400 x 1200 even on plain paper
1	2400 ex 1200 even on plain paper
1	Looks sharp nice display lots of features
1	Looks discriminating nice display lots of features
0	Too delicate
0	Too touchy
1	rugged
1	broken
1	light weight, very compact
1	clear weight, very compact
1	Print Quality is good
1	Print Quality is honorable
0	Inferior sound quality.
0	Inferior audio quality.
1	Lightweight, Easy to use!
1	Lightweight, Easy to role!
0	Lens cap lost easily; no USB; wide optical viewfinder 
0	Lens pileus lost easily; no USB; wide optical viewfinder 
1	User friendly camera with excellent daytime photo quality.
1	User friendly camera with excellent daytime photo calibre.
0	reliability
0	dependability
1	The best quality as long as you use the right paper and software
1	The skilful quality as long as you use the rectify paper and software
1	Reliable, Easy to setup, Acceptable print quality. 
1	Reliable, Easy to setup, acceptable print quality. 
0	CompactFlash incompatibility, poor download software, forgets settings, rocker switch hard to "select"
0	CompactFlash incompatibility, poor download software, forgets background, cradle switch hard to "select"
0	only 1.3 megapixel
0	only 1.tierce megapixel
0	none that i can think of so far.........
0	none that i can conceive of so far.........
0	Odd quirks with the music player.  Not cost effective once you consider add-ons.
0	Odd quirks with the music musician.  Not cost effective once you consider accessory.
0	ink price
0	ink damage
0	poor quality photos, battery problems, no flash, endless cons
0	poor quality photos, battery problems, no dart, endless cons
0	Only takes high voltage batteries, Larger zoom would be cool.
0	simply submit high voltage batteries, Larger zoom would be cool.
0	Ink runs out too quickly, won't print from handheld devices
0	Ink work out too quickly, won't print from handheld twist
1	Quality construction, good shape and feel. Decent address book. Good speakerphone.
1	Quality construction, good SHAPE and feel. Decent address leger. Good speakerphone.
0	Optical view finder does not cover digital zoom. You either guess at the framing or use the LCD which is tough to see in bright daylight.
0	Optical position finder does not continue digital zoom. You either hazard at the framing or habituate the LCD which is tough to visualize in bright daylight.
0	Positioning of the volume and mic trigger on the outside of the phone. Belt clip.
0	lay of the volume and mic spark on the outside of the phone. Belt crop.
0	bulky,  storage difficult to access
0	bulky,  storage difficult to admittance
1	Size, display, easy controls
1	Size, display, promiscuous controls
0	Ugly headset plug, not really an update
0	Ugly headset secure, not really an update
0	microphone not too good
0	microphone not too salutary
1	Easy, Quick
1	well-off, Quick
0	poor battery life,small memory card
0	miserable battery life,small memory card
1	attractive, external display, voice notes
1	attractive, external display, phonation notes
1	Color Screen, Bluetooth, IrDA, Weight, Looks
1	semblance Screen, Bluetooth, IrDA, Weight, Looks
1	Great speakerphone, reception, loud ringing   vibrating/lights simultaneously, nice organizer features, great phonebook, display
1	bang-up speakerphone, reception, loud ringing   vibrating/lights simultaneously, Nice organizer features, great phonebook, display
0	None so far.
0	None so FAR.
0	None.
0	none.
0	battery after a LONG while
0	shelling after a LONG while
1	See Review
1	construe Review
1	VERY Fast, Reliable Printer
1	really Fast, Reliable Printer
1	User Friendly
1	User favorable
1	Great price, wonderful pictures
1	Great price, fantastic pictures
0	ringer, menus, reminder tones
0	ringer, menus, reminder flavor
0	None
0	none
0	Doesn't have a zoom lens
0	Doesn't have a zoom Lens
1	Fairly good results for the resolution,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good features
1	Fairly good results for the resoluteness,&amp;#13;&amp;#tenner;Good features
1	really compact, very stylish, voice dialing, beautiful backlight, global support
1	really compact, very stylish, voice dialing, beautiful backlight, world stand
0	Significant cash rebate ending soon!
0	meaning cash rebate ending soon!
1	great reception, great call quality, many cool features
1	enceinte reception, great call quality, many cool features
1	Compact, flexible, light.
1	Compact, flexible, swooning.
0	eats batteries like all other digital cameras
0	eats batteries similar all other digital cameras
0	short battery life
0	unawares battery life
1	No wires.  Welcome to the future.
1	No wires.  Welcome to the next.
1	Compact, easy to use, packaged software bundle
1	Compact, easy to consumption, packaged software bundle
0	Picture quality isn't that great
0	Picture quality isn't that swell
1	Baby not disturbed. Easy to use.
1	Baby not disturbed. Easy to usage.
1	excellent quality, price, easy of use
1	excellent quality, price, gentle of use
1	You cannot break this phone. Period.
1	You cannot break this ring. Period.
0	Lousy antenna set-up. See review for modification advice.
0	Lousy antenna set-up. learn review for modification advice.
1	Travel system, comfy, rides nice
1	Travel system, comfy, rally nice
1	Cheap
1	cheesy
1	Easy to use, USB interface.
1	Easy to usance, USB interface.
1	High quality colors and not too flashy.
1	High quality colors and not too tawdry.
1	Ease of installation, use and Kodak quality
1	still of installation, use and Kodak quality
0	uses up batteries fairly quickly with the LCD display on
0	exercise up batteries middling quickly with the LCD display on
1	small footprint, saves space, relatively inexpensive.
1	small footmark, saves space, relatively inexpensive.
1	Picture quality
1	figure quality
0	Flash is useless,  Lack of Mac Support
0	scoot is useless,  Lack of Mac Support
0	Haven't found any
0	Haven't get any
1	optical zoom,lower cost,smaller size,execellent exposure, focus, and color
1	optic zoom,scummy cost,smaller size,execellent exposure, focus, and color
0	no support CompactFlash, a little slow, poor batteries
0	no stomach CompactFlash, a little slow, poor batteries
0	none that we've found!
0	none that we've determine!
0	color quality and dpi are lame, price too high for the unsatisfactory results, and VERY NOISY!
0	emblazon quality and dpi are halting, price too high for the unsatisfactory results, and very NOISY!
1	great graphics, 4x pictures, skinny phone
1	great graphics, 4x ikon, skinny phone
0	software could be improved
0	software could be amend
1	Nice color screen, changeable faceplates, flip design, camera attachment
1	Nice color screen, changeable faceplates, flip design, camera bond
1	A multitude of features, interchangeable colorful face plate options, Dual Band & Great Price
1	A multitude of features, interchangeable colorful face plate options, Dual circle & Great terms
0	Limited ringtones, low ring volume, uneven keypad lighting
0	limited ringtones, low ring volume, uneven keypad lighting
0	Expensive accessories
0	Expensive appurtenance
0	Can't be used right out of the box, but that's obviously not a big deal
0	Can't be expend right out of the box, but that's obviously not a full-grown peck
1	good quality
1	upright quality
0	Image quality can be inconsistent, iffy low-light...build quality mediocre.
0	see quality can be inconsistent, iffy low-light...build tone mediocre.
0	Installation was way too hard.  Drawing mechanism a little too inconsistent
0	Installation was way too hard.  drawing mechanism a trivial too inconsistent
0	Hard to take good pictures
0	Hard to take good picture
0	No optical zoom
0	no optical zoom
0	Should have included an AC adapter and Case
0	Should have included an AC adapter and eccentric
1	energy saver hibernation; price
1	get-up-and-go saver hibernation; price
1	You'll take lots and lots of pictures.  Big-time "Wow" factor.
1	You'll take lots and draw of show.  Big-time "Wow" factor.
0	Extremely tiny power button. Hands-free Headset difficult to connect into socket
0	Extremely tiny baron release. Hands-free Headset difficult to connect into socket
1	compact
1	contract
1	Light phone, plenty of nice features, good reception, and it's FREE
1	Light phone, plenty of prissy features, soundly reception, and it's FREE
0	Manual written by geeks and hard to understand
0	Manual written by flake and hard to understand
1	Excellent images, great battery life, fast Lens, start-up/cycle/shutter lag times, night-low light capabilities, and price.
1	Excellent images, majuscule battery life, fast Lens, start-up/cycle/shutter lag times, night-low luminousness capabilities, and damage.
1	Small size, ease of use, attractiveness, ease of programming contacts, sufficient options, speed of recharge
1	pocket-sized size, informality of use, attractiveness, easiness of programming contacts, sufficient options, speed of recharge
1	Small, lightweight, easily fits in a pocket!
1	pocket-size, lightweight, easily fits in a pocket!
1	Small, light, flip open to answer a call
1	Small, lightheaded, flip open to answer a call
1	It works...
1	It shape...
1	Fabric is durable, stroller is lightweight and folds nicely
1	Fabric is durable, stroller is lightweight and close nicely
0	LCD visibility in bright sunshine
0	LCD visibility in bright cheerfulness
1	Super quality pictures and normal print
1	Super quality depiction and normal print
0	Their service is almost non-existent
0	Their service is nearly non-existent
1	Ultra-fast, sharp output, power-saving mode, easy duplexing, single-sheet feed
1	Ultra-fast, sharp output, power-saving mode, tardily duplexing, single-sheet feed
0	sometimes does not ring or vibrate when text message
0	sometimes does not reverberate or vibrate when text message
0	grainy, not enough zoom, built quality, no manual control and uncompress mode
0	grainy, not enough zoom, progress timbre, no manual control and uncompress mode
0	Somewhat grainy indoor/low light pictures, small flash range and some red eye
0	Somewhat grainy indoor/low light exposure, belittled flash range and some red eye
1	Attractive, compact design.  Easy to see blue backlighting.
1	Attractive, compact contrive.  Easy to see blue backlighting.
1	Beautiful color printing, good quality
1	Beautiful colouring printing, good quality
1	Very great quality, speed correct.
1	Very great quality, hotfoot correct.
1	Easy to set up, fast printing, easy ink tanks...everything!
1	Easy to hardening up, fast printing, gentle ink tanks...everything!
1	Fastest general purpose inkjet around. Excellent output quality.
1	Fastest general purpose inkjet around. first-class output quality.
1	Good clarity, excellent standby reception.
1	Good clearness, excellent standby reception.
0	noise, the fact that it broke
0	resound, the fact that it broke
0	Everything else.
0	Everything else.
0	Manual duplexing, size
0	manual duplexing, size
1	Good everyday digital camera
1	beneficial everyday digital camera
0	be careful to use suitable paper.
0	be careful to use suitable theme.
0	Slow picture taking, possible lens issue &amp; slow picture review.
0	Slow picture charter, possible lens cut &amp; slow picture review.
0	Have to close the camera to view pictures on the screen
0	let to close the camera to view pictures on the riddle
0	no flash, lighting crucial to good photos.  movement blurs completely
0	no newsflash, lighting crucial to soundly photos.  movement blurs completely
0	Photos use a lot of ink, somewhat noisy, not the fastest
0	Photos purpose a draw of ink, somewhat noisy, not the fastest
1	Easy to use, takes great pics for the average user, docking station is great.
1	Easy to use, takes great pics for the mediocre user, docking station is outstanding.
1	Excellent photograph reproduction. Crisp Text. (when it works)
1	Excellent photograph reproduction. Crisp schoolbook. (when it works)
0	As any flexible camera, that is with many controls and posibilities, NOT for newcomers, not for point and shooters. Instruction manual fairly good, Nikon has used video on halide cameras to help learn many controls; may be Fuji should do same.
0	amp any flexible camera, that is with many controls and posibilities, NOT for fledgling, not for manoeuvre and shooters. instruction manual fairly secure, Nikon has employ TV on halide cameras to help see many controls; may be Fuji should do same.
0	Troubleshooting area of reference guide is very minimal and only covers software problems in detail
0	Troubleshooting region of reference guide is very minimal and only overlay package problems in detail
0	Bad service, expensive add-ons
0	tough service, expensive add-ons
0	Haven't found any yet.
0	Haven't plant any yet.
0	Some technical difficulties!
0	roughly technical difficulties!
1	Speed, print quality, easy installment
1	hurry, print quality, easy installment
1	Incredible array of controls, great battery life, sharp photos &amp; great colors
1	Incredible array of controls, swell battery life, sharp photos &amp; great vividness
0	Size, poor printed image quality
0	Size, poor printed image timber
1	Works for years with normal use.  Prints text and basic color projects adequately.
1	process for years with normal use.  Prints text and basic color contrive adequately.
0	Color is Okay, Photo is Bad, Slow
0	Color is Okay, Photo is sorry, Slow
1	low price &amp; easy-2-use for a non-photographer
1	humiliated price &amp; easy-2-use for a non-photographer
0	Seperate Battery for Vibration, not a lot of Nokia color faces
0	Seperate Battery for Vibration, not a draw of Nokia colourize faces
0	HP DeskJet 697C
0	horsepower DeskJet 697C
0	flimsy antenna
0	flimsy aerial
0	no composer
0	no composer
1	Lightweight, Reclines, Comfortable
1	Lightweight, Reclines, well-situated
0	less than crisp images
0	less than crisp simulacrum
0	shutter lag, small capacity memory stick included
0	shutter lag, small capacity memory joint included
1	Sharp, clear pictures.  Ease of use.  Quality. Tons of options.
1	Sharp, solve pictures.  relieve of use.  Quality. Tons of options.
0	no direct camera USB port to connect to PC
0	no direct camera USB port to unite to PC
1	consumer price
1	consumer Price
1	EVERYTHING!
1	EVERYTHING!
0	may have slight problems interfacing with windows ME
0	may have slight problems interfacing with windows Maine
0	No voice recorder, different battery to old phones.
0	No voice recorder, different battery to honest-to-god phones.
0	Accessories and parts are hard to come by.
0	Accessories and function are hard to come by.
1	Good prints, ok price, easy setup.
1	Good prints, ok price, easy apparatus.
1	Comfortable, and luxurious
1	prosperous, and luxurious
1	Good features and design
1	practiced features and design
0	Poor Battery life, Scratches easily
0	Poor Battery life, gelt easily
0	No Voice Dialing
0	no Voice Dialing
0	No cup holder, rear window in canopy
0	No cup holder, bottom window in canopy
1	small, lightweight, can hold a LOT of pictures with 128 meg memory stick, video feature.
1	small, lightweight, can entertain a draw of pictures with 128 meg memory perplex, video feature.
1	Cuteness factor-cute multicolored bouncing lights on the front, tip calculator, loud enough
1	Cuteness factor-cute multicolored bouncing lights on the breast, tip calculator, tawdry enough
1	Infrared support
1	Infrared sustenance
0	Lost some of the features of the 7110
0	mislay some of the features of the 7110
1	Viewfinder (saves batteries), simple graphic menus.
1	Viewfinder (write batteries), simple graphic menus.
0	no camera, scratch prone
0	no camera, cancel prone
1	It looks nice
1	It look nice
1	None
1	none
0	None for the price
0	none for the price
1	Great quality printing at an inexpensive price.
1	slap-up quality printing at an inexpensive price.
0	No macro mode
0	No macro manner
0	Ink lasts only a month, poor picture printing quality, expensive cartridges, no cable included
0	Ink lasts only a month, poor picture printing choice, expensive cartridges, no line included
1	EVERYTHING
1	EVERYTHING
1	 15 pounds, 1-hand fold, parent/child cupholders, adjustable handle height.
1	 15 pounds, 1-hand fold, parent/baby cupholders, adjustable handle tiptop.
1	near photo quality, price, decent speed
1	near photo prize, price, decent speed
1	Fast recycle time, 3Mpixel, thru-lens viewfinder, 6x zoom, software
1	Fast recycle clock, 3Mpixel, thru-lens viewfinder, 6x zoom, software
0	8MB card, Not rechargeable
0	8MB scorecard, Not rechargeable
0	Screen Display problems, fragile finish/ screen/ slide mechanism
0	Screen display problems, fragile finish/ screen/ slide mechanism
1	Picture quality/ speed of transfer/boot up
1	Picture caliber/ speed of transfer/boot up
0	Slow response time and screen freezes
0	Slow response time and screen frost
0	Gee, where would I start?
0	g-force, where would I start?
0	awkward vibrate mode; can't program different rings for diff callers; not web enabled
0	unenviable vibrate style; can't program different rings for diff callers; not web enabled
1	When it works it is fast, high quality and has a small desktop footprint
1	When it cultivate it is dissolute, high quality and has a small desktop footprint
0	steering
0	manoeuver
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	majuscule features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
0	comes with 4mb compact flash, you'll want a bigger one
0	ejaculate with 4mb squeeze flash, you'll want a bigger one
1	very nice image, attractive, good ergonomics,  
1	very overnice image, attractive, good ergonomics,  
0	Doesn't come with a case, or a larger memory card.
0	Doesn't fare with a slip, or a larger memory card.
1	true PDA smartphone w/touch screen, expansion slot for SD cards, excellent reception
1	honest PDA smartphone w/soupcon screen, expansion slot for SD cards, excellent reception
1	Big color screen, decent battery life, cool look.
1	Big color riddle, decent battery life, cool look.
0	lack of optical viewfinder, expensive battery and memory stick
0	lack of optical viewfinder, expensive battery and memory dumbfound
1	complete, not expensive, shape, functional, easy
1	everlasting, not expensive, shape, functional, easy
0	no LCD display
0	no LCD presentation
1	Awesome color prints on Canon specialty paper, individually replaceable color cartridges.
1	Awesome distort prints on Canon specialty paper, individually replaceable discolour cartridges.
1	Perfect Ergonomics; well-made and very durable
1	everlasting Ergonomics; well-made and very durable
1	- Compact
1	- heavyset
1	James Bond,or GQ, for about $300
1	occlude Bond,or GQ, for about $300
0	Focusing problems using Flash - 2x zoom lens
0	Focusing problems using flash - 2x zoom lens
1	Nice inexpensivce digital camera, takes nice pictures
1	gracious inexpensivce digital camera, takes nice pictures
0	found none yet
0	find none yet
1	Fast, 8mb memory, Toner Saver and Energy Star Compliant, Low Noise Level
1	debauched, 8mb memory, Toner rescuer and Energy Star Compliant, Low Noise Level
0	no preview screen, no flash, only 640x480
0	no preview screen, no dash, only 640x480
1	One device for PDA and phone.
1	ane device for PDA and phone.
0	Short battery life, flimsy antenna, prone to random malfunctions
0	curt battery life, flimsy antenna, prone to random malfunctions
0	Price
0	terms
0	Haven't found any yet
0	Haven't witness any yet
1	A nice piece of engineering; a great set of features
1	A nice firearm of engineering; a great place of features
1	Sleek and Stylish, Well Constructed, Ergonomically Correct, Good Clarity, Nice Bells and Whistles
1	Sleek and Stylish, Well Constructed, Ergonomically compensate, commodity Clarity, Nice Bells and Whistles
1	It was free!
1	It was unblock!
0	Printer is slow &amp; the drivers lock up
0	Printer is slow &amp; the drivers curl up
1	Easy directions, great size
1	Easy counsel, great size
1	Easy to steer,reversible handle, easy to fold down, lightweight.
1	sluttish to steer,reversible address, easy to fold down, lightweight.
1	Small, light, excellent color reproduction, web cam, 20 sec video
1	minor, dismount, excellent color reproduction, web cam, 20 sec video
0	terrible headset connector, high radiation level, no vibrate
0	terrible headset connector, high radiation plane, no vibrate
0	a little bulky, buttons can be a little confusing
0	a small bulky, buttons can be a little confusing
1	Small, light, durable
1	Small, perch, durable
0	bulky
0	bulky
1	Voice Dial, speakerphone, long battery life.
1	sound Dial, speakerphone, long battery life.
0	noisy, very slow, high maintenance
0	noisy, very obtuse, high maintenance
0	poor battery life, no Li ion btry option, sftwr a little cumbersome
0	pitiful battery biography, no Li ion btry option, sftwr a little cumbersome
1	great all around functions, does the job in cheap package
1	great all around functions, does the chore in tawdry package
1	Compact size makes it perfect travel camera.
1	Compact size constitute it perfect travel camera.
0	Hard Software Installation, Extra Care Required
0	firmly Software Installation, Extra Care Required
0	Bulky, Unbalanced, Optical 5X And Memory Stick.
0	Bulky, Unbalanced, Optical 5X And Memory mystify.
0	Shutter Lag Time.
0	Shutter Lag meter.
0	Image resolution
0	Image firmness
1	picture quality, compact, quality
1	picture timbre, compact, quality
1	Takes Clear Shots, Easy to Use, Good Features for Price
1	Takes exonerate Shots, Easy to Use, Good characteristic for Price
0	Battery life is a little short
0	Battery life is a minuscule short
1	Easy, and the diskette is great
1	promiscuous, and the diskette is great
1	Easy to find, easy to get replacement ink.
1	Easy to find, prosperous to get replacement ink.
1	amazing camera
1	astound camera
1	Ease of use
1	ease of use
0	i found the price to be a little high 
0	i notice the price to be a little high 
0	Doesn't perform well as a cell phone, no range or volume.
0	Doesn't perform well as a cell sound, no vagabond or volume.
1	small, modern looking, long talk time
1	small, modern search, long talk time
1	fast printing, excellent quality, very inexpensive
1	profligate printing, excellent quality, very inexpensive
0	could be more attractive
0	could be more attractive
1	Dirt Cheap Initial Cost, 1 Year Warranty, Easy Setup, Good Print Quality
1	soil Cheap Initial Cost, 1 Year Warranty, Easy Setup, Good Print tone
1	Clear print -- but only for a few short jobs. That's it.
1	realize mark -- but only for a few short jobs. That's it.
0	2.1 MegaPixel, Cost, lack of optional parts.
0	2.1 MegaPixel, Cost, lack of optional parting.
1	Cheap but great quality. Pretty easy
1	Cheap but great quality. Pretty wanton
0	ink cartridges expensive, paper-feeding-wheels cause jams-after awhile
0	ink cartridges expensive, paper-feeding-wheels drive jams-after awhile
0	Slow writing time
0	Slow pen time
1	Solid printing, fast, quiet, long cartridge life
1	Solid printing, degraded, quiet, long cartridge life
1	Very small, light, camera is built-in.
1	Very low, light, camera is built-in.
0	not as easily navigable as a Nokia, somewhat toylike
0	not as easily navigable as a Nokia, slightly toylike
0	Short battery life, red-eye reduction not very good.
0	Short battery lifespan, red-eye reduction not very good.
1	cheap megapixels
1	tatty megapixels
1	price, great zoom capability, great pic. resolution
1	price, majuscule zoom capability, great pic. resolution
0	expensive, dark LCD,  low-light capability, very advanced (not great for beginners)
0	expensive, colored LCD,  low-light capability, very advanced (not great for founder)
0	Have to buy the battery recharger
0	give to buy the battery recharger
0	Flash-Range
0	Flash-Range
0	battery-life short, phone breaks easily, signal strength horrible, everything about this phone sucks!
0	battery-life short, ring breakout easily, signal strength horrible, everything about this phone sucks!
1	Fast, superb image quality, free software.
1	Fast, superb image quality, relinquish software.
0	Capacity
0	content
0	Proprietary connectors, long battery-charging time, control buttons are hard to use
0	Proprietary connexion, long battery-charging time, control buttons are operose to use
0	none
0	none
0	Driver does not show ink levels remaining!
0	Driver does not show ink tier remaining!
0	None, except no internet.
0	none, except no internet.
0	Horrible build quality and charging problems
0	Horrible build quality and level problems
1	quality, price, size
1	prize, price, size
1	Easy to use, prints digital photos without a computer. Great image quality
1	tardily to use, prints digital photos without a computer. Great picture quality
0	The quality of the phone is bad and the quality of the service is worse
0	The character of the phone is spoiled and the quality of the service is spoiled
0	It doesn't fax!
0	IT doesn't fax!
1	Excellent photos, compact size, easy to use, optical zoom, available accessories
1	Excellent photograph, compact size, easy to use, ocular zoom, available accessories
1	high quality, quality printing in color and black and white, increase printer cartridge volume
1	high tone, quality printing in coloring and black and white, increase printer cartridge volume
0	rechargeables not supplied, viewfinder, no NTSC/PAL switching, flash exposure, manual focus
0	rechargeables not cater, viewfinder, no NTSC/PAL switching, flaunt exposure, manual focus
0	manual is okay but confusing at times.
0	manual is okay but confound at times.
0	cost
0	price
0	Poor resolution, only stores 15 photos, EATS BATTERIES
0	Poor resolution, only stores 15 photo, EATS BATTERIES
0	Bulky
0	bulky
0	no manual zoom, very functional but needs some getting used to, a little pricey
0	no manual zoom, very usable but needs some dumbfound used to, a little pricey
0	Aftermarket charger voided warranty
0	Aftermarket charger evacuate warranty
0	AF slow, loud, battery life is so-so
0	AF tiresome, loud, battery life is so-so
1	Speed, color,quiet, good text
1	Speed, color,quiet, just text
0	No cables.  No black cartridge.  Interface problems.
0	No cablegram.  No black cartridge.  Interface problems.
0	Can be a little confusing at first
0	Can be a little jumble at first
0	not so good in dark places
0	not so good in iniquity places
1	Good price, easy to use, good B&amp;W quality, sleek design, fast B&amp;W printing
1	effective price, easy to habit, good B&amp;W quality, flowing design, fast B&amp;W printing
0	At least a 32 Meg CF card would of been nicer.
0	At least a 32 Meg californium card would of been squeamish.
1	Sturdy, speakerphone
1	stalwart, speakerphone
1	Size of printer, quality print
1	Size of printer, caliber print
1	Packed full of features, downloadable content, easy to use.
1	packed full of features, downloadable content, easy to use.
1	Bluetooth
1	Bluetooth
1	USB Port and Rechargeable Batteries Come w/ This Camera
1	USB Port and Rechargeable Batteries do w/ This Camera
1	Compact, high quality, easy to use point and shot
1	Compact, gamey quality, easy to use point and shot
0	somewhat confusing menu system and finicky joystick control
0	somewhat confusing menu system and finicky joystick ascendency
1	good reception, easy to use
1	soundly reception, easy to use
1	Great Features, Excellent battery life, and usability
1	keen Features, Excellent battery life, and usability
1	fast, awesome picture quality, 6 separate ink cartridges, usb connection
1	fast, awesome picture caliber, 6 ramify ink cartridges, usb connection
0	slightly higher cost - larger body
0	slightly high cost - larger body
0	Couldn't find one ,unless you feel that paying less for more is a con.
0	Couldn't find one ,unless you feel that bear less for more is a victimize.
1	Low price.
1	humbled price.
0	speed, cost of black ink cartridge.
0	speed, cost of contraband ink cartridge.
1	- Weather proof casing - 2-megapixels resolution - Windows or Apple
1	- upwind proof casing - 2-megapixels resolution - Windows or Apple
1	price
1	cost
0	Expensive
0	expensive
0	so-so picture quality, no zoom
0	so-so envision quality, no zoom
1	Lightweight, long talk time and standby time
1	Lightweight, recollective talk time and standby time
1	5-megapixel resolution; f2.8 3X optical zoom lens; Long-lasting rechargeable battery
1	5-megapixel resoluteness; f2.8 3X opthalmic zoom lens; Long-lasting rechargeable battery
0	Verizon version is crippled.  Voice recorder is unreliable.  PC sync doesn't work properly
0	Verizon version is halting.  vocalism recorder is unreliable.  PC sync doesn't work properly
1	Great Battery
1	corking Battery
1	Good reception, decent price, record your own ringtones
1	Good reception, decent toll, record your own ringtones
0	Short battery-life, Not the cutting edge
0	short-change battery-life, Not the cutting edge
1	Prints fast, medium quality, low price.  Good for those who print once every 2 or 3 days to once a week.
1	Prints tight, medium quality, low price.  safe for those who print once every 2 or leash day to once a week.
1	Just the photo printer for me given the price
1	scarce the photo printer for me given the price
1	Toddler security yet freedom!
1	Toddler security still freedom!
0	CHARGER CLIP FALLS OUT. I HATE IT.
0	CHARGER CLIP FALLS prohibited. I HATE IT.
0	Quality Problems
0	quality Problems
1	battery life, reception, size, gprs data, screen, usb connection
1	battery life, reception, size, gprs data, test, usb connection
1	Easy to set up in Windows.  Excellent image quality for the price.
1	easily to prepare up in Windows.  Excellent image quality for the price.
1	Excellent picture quality
1	first-class picture quality
0	Low memory for photos and ringtones.
0	Low memory for photo and ringtones.
0	No bells and whistles, if you really need that stuff.  "Remember it's a phone!"
0	No bells and whistle, if you really need that thrust.  "Remember it's a phone!"
1	Its a printer, inexpensive
1	Its a printer, cheap
0	Digital service areas are still growing - analog can cost you extra money
0	Digital service region are still raise - analog can cost you extra money
1	ALL in one machine
1	ALL in ace machine
0	Basic menus, no color, may be expensive without cell plan.
0	Basic menus, no discolor, may be expensive without cell project.
1	Price, Print quality
1	cost, Print quality
1	lightweight
1	whippersnapper
1	Guess it's better than others
1	Guess it's dependable than others
1	Superior battery life, good sound quality, colorful and easy to read display
1	Superior battery life, estimable level-headed quality, colorful and easy to read display
0	Cartridges are somewhat pricey but last a good while
0	Cartridges are somewhat pricey but finally a good while
0	Poor user manual.
0	Poor exploiter manual.
0	We had trouble (not being super computer proficient) with getting the camera system to work the first time.
0	We had trouble (not being super computer proficient) with become the camera system to act the offset time.
1	Clear pictures, nice a lot of money .
1	Clear video, nice a lot of money .
1	least expensive we could find
1	least expensive we could get
1	MP3, sexy design
1	MP3, sexy intent
1	Cute! Easy to talk on. Clearer than most other phones. Great phone for your money!
1	cute! easily to talk on. cleared than most other phones. Great phone for your money!
0	a little costly
0	a fiddling costly
1	Clear and loud ringtones, bright colorful screen, long battery life
1	exculpated and loud ringtones, lustrous colorful screen, long battery life
0	Binding swivel wheels. Poor, flexing frame design. Short-average height parents ONLY!
0	Binding swivel wheels. Poor, flexing frame plan. Short-average height raise ONLY!
0	eats up printer ink quickly&amp;#13;&amp;#10;very slow moving&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	eats up printer ink quickly&A;#13;&amp;#10;very tardily go&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Slippery, low volume, poor usability/navigation, weak backlight, Bluetooth optimized for Motorola headsets only.
0	Slippery, low-toned volume, poor usableness/navigation, weak backlight, Bluetooth optimized for Motorola headsets only.
1	Laden with useful features, good performance
1	Laden with useful features, skillful performance
0	baskets could be bigger
0	baskets could be self-aggrandising
0	None
0	none
1	size, changeable covers, features, battery life, custom rings, infrared
1	size, changeable covers, features, battery life, custom skirt, infrared
0	none at the moment
0	none at the import
0	Crappy "feel" due to cheap detailing, like a plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic design.
0	rotten "feel" due to chinchy detailing, like a plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic design.
0	Easily-activated keypad, although that can be overridden with an easy-to-find KeyGuard that turns them off.
0	Easily-activated keypad, although that can be overturn with an easy-to-find KeyGuard that routine them off.
1	The stand up feature
1	The resist up feature
0	high price, bad quality
0	high price, spoiled quality
1	Lots of functions
1	Lots of function
1	Lightweight, easy to conceal.
1	Lightweight, slowly to conceal.
1	fast for portable, very good quality, small, light
1	fast for portable, very good quality, small, weak
1	It makes calls.
1	It constitute calls.
0	If you want a telephoto lens or wide-angled lens, you have to spend additional bucks.
0	If you deprivation a telephoto lens or wide-angled Lens, you have to spend additional tear.
1	Nice Photos
1	nice Photos
0	Customer support
0	Customer confirm
0	battery life when text messages & talking, antenna & signal strength.
0	battery lifetime when text messages & talking, antenna & signal strength.
1	Marvelous quality prints, quiet, easy to use
1	Marvelous quality prints, quiesce, easy to use
0	Battery is quick to run down... get the longer-lasting one and you'll be in paradise!
0	Battery is quick to melt down... begin the longer-lasting unrivaled and you'll be in paradise!
1	It's cute.
1	It's cunning.
1	It swivels, good camera, charges quick, not bad on battery.
1	It swivels, upright camera, charges quick, not spoiled on battery.
0	uses 2 AA batteries, 640X480 resolution, the largest memory card you can use in it is a 8 meg 
0	function 2 AA batteries, 640X480 resolution, the orotund memory card you can usage in it is a 8 meg 
0	Has a few problems in low light conditions on automatic. Small 8meg card
0	Has a few problems in low light consideration on automatic. small 8meg card
0	difficult to use, high rate plans
0	difficult to utilization, high rate plans
1	 It is light-weight, small, takes great photos, and has a great viewing screen.
1	 It is light-weight, small, make great photos, and has a great viewing sort.
1	Great Camera.  Great pictures taken.  Large viewfinder.
1	Great Camera.  Great pictures taken.  large viewfinder.
0	Lack of easy silence feature
0	Lack of tardily silence feature
1	Weight
1	weightiness
0	expensive ink costs!, seems to take up more desk space because of UFO design
0	expensive ink cost!, seems to accept up more desk space because of UFO design
0	poor flash performance, inconsistent results, especially in difficult lighting conditions
0	poor instant performance, inconsistent answer, especially in difficult lighting conditions
0	slow downloads without a USB memory card reader
0	dull downloads without a USB memory card reader
1	Great features for the price
1	Great features for the damage
0	Battery life
0	bombardment life
1	A PDA and Phone all in one!
1	angstrom PDA and Phone all in one!
0	battery life, slow picture transfer
0	battery life, slow picture transpose
0	might loose it
0	power loose it
0	Photo Ink is VERY expensive
0	Photo Ink is selfsame expensive
1	cheap, fast, reliable
1	cheap, fasting, reliable
1	Cost. Reliable. OS 10.2 and Linux support. Fantastic!
1	Cost. Reliable. OS 10.2 and Linux bear. Fantastic!
0	battery life is short (constantly recharging), only one zoom
0	battery life is dead (constantly recharging), only one zoom
1	Excellent automatic operation. Macro mode works from 8 inches to infinity.
1	Excellent reflexive operation. Macro mode make from 8 inches to infinity.
1	All cellular phone companies claim that Motorola has the best reception.  Lots of frills
1	All cellular earpiece companies claim that Motorola has the near reception.  Lots of frills
1	easy to use, takes decent pictures
1	easy to use, necessitate decent pictures
0	Have to spend more money to get additional memory, case, supper-quick charger.
0	throw to spend more money to grow additional memory, case, supper-quick charger.
0	just like computers, new versions come out later
0	just like computers, new translation come out later
1	It's 99.9% perfect
1	It's 99.IX% perfect
1	Call quality, ability to get signal where my others phones couldn't
1	Call quality, ability to nonplus signal where my others sound couldn't
1	Great battery life. Really low noise.
1	Great battery life. Really Low noise.
1	Compact, lots of features
1	Compact, wad of features
0	color is too expensive
0	tinge is too expensive
1	Great photo quality, cheap ink, good speed, fairly quiet, economical use of ink
1	Great photo quality, trashy ink, good speed, fairly quiet, economical expend of ink
0	non rechargable battery, 'optional' AC adapter, 
0	non rechargable barrage, 'optional' AC adapter, 
0	No real problem with the printer, but HP technical support is below par.
0	No real problem with the printer, but HP technological patronise is below par.
0	Power button placement, macro mode sensitive
0	index button placement, macro mode sensitive
0	no carrying case
0	no bear case
0	Can be buggy at times.
0	Can be buggy at multiplication.
0	Poor macro shots, a bit bulky
0	Poor macro shots, a burn bulky
1	Intelligent battery predicts remaining battery time
1	levelheaded battery predicts remaining battery time
0	Keypad
0	keypad
0	Doesn't run all palm apps, speakerphone sound less than great.
0	Doesn't function all palm apps, speakerphone go less than great.
1	Color output and clarity coupled with speed and silence
1	Color output and clarity mate with speed and silence
0	noisy/slow/very basic (but basic could be a plus sometimes)
0	noisy/deadening/very canonic (but basic could be a plus sometimes)
1	Voice activated dialing. Good battery life. Cool blue backlight. Great price.
1	Voice activated dialing. undecomposed battery life. Cool drab backlight. Great price.
1	Fast, Quiet, reliable, awesome print quality, Print head on cartridge.
1	degenerate, Quiet, dependable, awesome print quality, Print head on cartridge.
1	Convenient, easy to use
1	Convenient, wanton to use
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	the included battery, but they give you a better one anyway
0	the included battery, but they pass you a dependable one anyway
0	Learning curve is pretty steep.   It eats batteries for breakfast.
0	scholarship curve is pretty steep.   IT eats batteries for breakfast.
1	Nice,good size, fun games, great features
1	Nice,good size, fun stake, great features
1	Handles beautifully, lighter than most full-size strollers
1	Handles beautifully, tripping than most full-size strollers
1	Lightweight, great digital for someone just entering digital camera era
1	Lightweight, slap-up digital for someone just ingress digital camera era
1	Easy and Great Quality Pictures
1	Easy and Great Quality impression
1	Ease of use
1	facilitate of use
1	Small, lots of features.
1	Small, allot of features.
0	macro ability sub par, indoor photo subpar
0	macro ability sub par, indoor exposure subpar
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	Voice recorder, navigation, blind quality, speakerphone
0	Case is less than sturdy,
0	slip is less than sturdy,
1	Inexpensive, easy, great photos
1	Inexpensive, well-off, great photos
1	picture quality, 6x optical zoom, size
1	word-painting quality, 6x optical zoom, size
1	a inexpensive all-in-one, perfect for small volume, easy software
1	a inexpensive all-in-one, perfect for small volume, promiscuous software
1	Great image quality, Carl Zeiss lens with 5x optical zoom and manual focusing ring
1	gravid image quality, Carl Zeiss lens with 5x ocular zoom and manual focusing ring
1	Ease of use, quality of pictures and everything else.
1	Ease of manipulation, quality of pictures and everything else.
0	too bulky and heavy
0	too bulky and sound
0	Camera is a joke, Bluetooth problems
0	Camera is a jest, Bluetooth problems
0	low battery life, no optical zoom, digital zoom deteriorates picture quality
0	down battery life, no optical zoom, digital zoom deteriorates picture character
0	Lack of alarm/timer
0	Lack of horrify/timer
0	prints slow when reslution is set high
0	prints slow when reslution is lay high
1	very handy, cheaper than using film. The delete option!!
1	very handy, garish than using film. The delete option!!
0	usb interface problems
0	usb interface job
0	doesn't work well in network environments
0	doesn't workplace well in network environments
0	Rechargable batteries must be bought separately
0	Rechargable batteries moldiness be bought separately
1	Fast, color matching is perfect, user-friendly 
1	flying, color matching is perfect, user-friendly 
0	only lasted 5 months
0	only go 5 months
1	Pretty much everything especially LCD, Storage, Picture Quality, and Price
1	somewhat much everything especially LCD, Storage, impression Quality, and Price
1	Compact and consistent with great photos
1	Compact and consistent with gravid photos
0	Fixable paper feed problem. Overpriced scanner.
0	Fixable paper feed trouble. Overpriced scanner.
1	Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
1	Good reception and predict lucidness, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
0	ink cartridges are pricey
0	ink cartridges are dear
1	I love it, small and compact
1	i love it, small and compact
1	Ease of use &amp; great pics with a 10x optical zoom.
1	allay of use &amp; great pics with a 10x ocular zoom.
1	small, lightweight, takes good pictures in low light, good battery life
1	small, lightweight, ingest good pictures in low lighter, good battery life
0	Camera grainy in low light, lacks 2.5mm jack, no mass-storage USB mode, fingerprints, keypad
0	Camera grainy in low-pitched lightly, lacks 2.5mm knave, no mass-storage USB mode, fingerprints, keypad
0	Does not work well with a data switch or reset easily; jams frequently
0	Does not work fountainhead with a data swap or reset easily; jams frequently
1	Great quality color and black and white printing for a really good price
1	Great quality discolour and black and white printing for a really adept price
0	Limited uploading capability with different browsers.
0	express uploading capability with different browsers.
0	Expensive of course
0	Expensive of row
0	A little bulky, delay on pressing shutter button
0	A little bulky, delay on crusade shutter button
1	Excellent integration of Palm and phone&#13;&#10;Great for using in a vehicle
1	Excellent integration of Palm and sound&#13;&#10;large for using in a vehicle
0	bad images quality
0	risky images quality
0	Expensive, Only 1.44 on each floppy
0	Expensive, Only 1.44 on each diskette
1	True Multi-tasking marvel. Durable when dropped.  Good display visibility/clarity.  Compact & Convenient.  Keylock minimizes errors.
1	True Multi-tasking marvel. Durable when omit.  Good show visibility/clarity.  constrict & Convenient.  Keylock minimizes errors.
1	prints fast, ink lasts a long time, visually pleasing
1	prints profligate, ink lasts a long time, visually pleasing
0	Has an annoying habit of showing "card door open" error. 
0	take an annoying habit of showing "card door open" erroneousness. 
1	small size, excellent picture quality for a 2 megapixel camera, sturdy metal body
1	small size, excellent fancy quality for a ii megapixel camera, sturdy metal body
0	Sell some memory with the camera, please.
0	sell some memory with the camera, please.
1	inexpensive, great support
1	inexpensive, smashing support
1	great pictures, easy to use in taking pictures
1	great pictures, easy to manipulation in taking pictures
1	Lots of features, hours of fun
1	loads of features, hours of fun
0	Short battery life
0	little battery life
1	Nice and small.  Very easy to use. Rechargable battery. 
1	Nice and small.  Very easy to expend. Rechargable battery. 
1	Cheap, easy to use
1	Cheap, easy to utilize
0	Some quirky performance issues
0	Some quirky performance topic
0	AC Adapter is unreasonably expensive.
0	Ac Adapter is unreasonably expensive.
0	reception reads low half the time, and i get fine reception. can't download rings.
0	reception reads low half the time, and i scram mulct reception. can't download rings.
1	Great low light shots
1	Great low faint shots
0	Somewhat complicated to set up, but not bad.
0	Somewhat complicated to arrange up, but not bad.
1	CD storage, smart flash, very impressive functions, versatile
1	CD storage, smart flash, very impressive affair, versatile
1	A Reliable printer; Inexpensive
1	A Reliable printer; cheap
0	A few upgrades necessary to get maximum performance
0	A few upgrades necessary to have maximum performance
0	Exposure delay
0	photo delay
0	pricey BUT worth the money, problem with red eye
0	pricey but worth the money, problem with red eye
0	Expensive, faulty consumables.  Poor colour quality, sketchy text.
0	Expensive, faulty consumables.  poor colour quality, sketchy text.
1	Size, photo quality, sturdiness, movie feature, adequate resolution, black and white mode.
1	Size, photo quality, sturdiness, movie feature, adequate resolution, Black and blank mode.
1	Large screen, clear reception
1	Large screen, realise reception
0	Somewhat pricey, may measure signal strength inaccurately
0	passably pricey, may measure signal strength inaccurately
0	None.
0	none.
1	Great for Tripod shots of items to auction off
1	Great for tripod shots of items to auction off
0	Horrible battery life, delays and below average shutter lag.
0	Horrible battery animation, delays and below average shutter lag.
0	No bundled connection kit adds $50 if you want to keep images
0	No bundled connection kit adds $50 if you want to continue picture
0	Atrocious, annoying, frustratingly complex and inefficient user interface.  Hand-free headsets break frequently.
0	painful, annoying, frustratingly complex and inefficient user interface.  Hand-free headsets disclose frequently.
0	Likes ink
0	ilk ink
0	Haven't found one yet..  8-)
0	Haven't bump one yet..  8-)
1	Ease of use...great color, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads...Get It Now...battery, so far.
1	Ease of use...great color, size....relieve of menu...easiness of downloads...draw It Now...battery, so far.
1	Everything you need is in this phone ! Good battery life, lot of wonderful tools.
1	Everything you indigence is in this phone ! Good battery life, wad of wonderful tools.
0	front pops out
0	strawman pops out
0	Extremely difficult to get running under Win2000
0	Extremely difficult to start running under Win2000
1	ABOVE
1	above
1	Great reception; great sound quality; packed with features; really a powerhouse little phone
1	peachy reception; great sound timbre; packed with features; really a powerhouse little phone
1	Lightweight, small, color display, lots of gimmicks, games
1	Lightweight, small, color display, lots of thingamabob, games
1	speaker, headphone jack, light, blue screen, battery charge, looks
1	speaker, headphone jack, unhorse, blue screen, battery charge, looks
0	shockingly expensive unrefillable ink cartridges.
0	shockingly expensive unrefillable ink cartridge.
1	Easy to use with good results
1	Easy to use with ripe results
0	washed out pictures (easily fixed in photoshop), delayed pictures  
0	washed out pictures (easily fixed in photoshop), delayed pic  
1	Easy, quick &amp;amp; fast turn around!
1	Easy, quickly &amp;amp; fast turn around!
0	no WinME drivers, problems in photoshop colors
0	no WinME drivers, problems in photoshop colouring
0	battery use
0	battery exercise
1	Great pictures
1	Great scene
1	10 Pages per minute black printing speed, 6 color
1	10 Pages per minute black printing speed, 6 colour
0	Screen is easily damaged; poor battery life
0	Screen is well damaged; poor battery life
0	at least consider about it
0	at least view about it
0	Battery life, thick size
0	Battery life, chummy size
1	Price, looks, sturdy construction, size and weight, reception and sound quality, colors
1	Price, await, sturdy building, size and weight, reception and sound quality, colors
1	pda power without excessive geekiness
1	pda exponent without excessive geekiness
0	Paper Jams, Low Ink Capacity, Bad Alignment, Frustrating
0	Paper pack, Low Ink Capacity, Bad Alignment, Frustrating
1	it works, it's cheap, it's small, ink is cheap
1	it works, it's cheap, it's small, ink is punk
0	immediately requires cf card upgrade, limited zoom
0	immediately requires cf card upgrade, define zoom
1	Personal Features, Size,and Price
1	personal Features, Size,and Price
0	Really weird cable hookup, weird case design, no power button, &amp; big footprint
0	Really weird cable hookup, weird case design, no power button, &amp; large footmark
0	No Vibrate
0	No resonate
0	Price (depends on how you buy it though...)
0	Price (reckon on how you buy it though...)
1	Many,Many,features.  Too many to name.
1	Many,Many,features.  Too many to make.
1	Great for basic features, good text messaging
1	Great for basic have, good text messaging
0	none
0	none
0	Wish it had an integrated lens cap
0	bid it had an integrated lens cap
1	Looks great,works great, easy to use
1	Looks great,works great, easy to usage
0	Pricey, Seat Position Limitations
0	Pricey, Seat positioning Limitations
0	None
0	none
1	reception, features, weight, phonebook, battery life
1	reception, sport, weight, phonebook, battery life
1	Lightweight, Bright LCD lighting, Games
1	Lightweight, Bright LCD ignition, Games
1	Excellent price.  Free hands free earpiece.  Text messaging.  Internal antenna.  Decent reception.
1	Excellent price.  complimentary workforce free earpiece.  Text messaging.  Internal antenna.  Decent reception.
0	Programing set up
0	programming set up
0	Is an 'older model'
0	Is an 'quondam model'
1	price, size, use as webcam
1	price, size, usance as webcam
1	easy acess to important work getting done
1	easy acess to important play getting done
0	Slow as hell
0	irksome as hell
1	Lightweight.  Stylish.  Direct Connect.  External Speaker.  Nextel.  Done.
1	Lightweight.  Stylish.  Direct Connect.  External Speaker.  Nextel.  through.
1	Easy to use, Good pictures
1	tardily to use, Good pictures
0	thinking?? nope, can't think of any!
0	cogitate?? nope, can't think of any!
1	Excellent sound and battery, price (mine was free), reception
1	Excellent sound and battery, price (mine was free), receipt
1	Lots of smart features though does not meet the definition of a smart phone.
1	pot of smart features though does not meet the definition of a voguish phone.
0	Uses Ink Faster Than Any Other Printer I've Seen., Bulky.
0	Uses Ink degraded Than Any Other Printer I've Seen., bulky.
1	Very spacious, comfy for kids, holds infant seat
1	Very spacious, comfy for kids, detainment infant seat
0	Uses lots of ink, fairly slow
0	employ lots of ink, fairly slow
0	the strap was a pain to put on.
0	the strap was a pain to place on.
0	Price and lens cap cover not attached to the camera.
0	price and lens cap shroud not attached to the camera.
0	no ac adaptor, uses batteries quickly
0	no ac adaptor, usance batteries quickly
1	Sleek, silver, and in color, showing off the technology just starting in the US.
1	sleek, silver, and in color, showing off the technology just part in the US.
1	Incredible macro, very sharp and color correct lens giving sharp brilliant pictures.
1	Incredible macro, very sharp and colorise correct lens giving sharp bright pictures.
0	none
0	none
1	design, features: bluetooth, modem, pim, voice recorder, expandable memory, camera
1	designing, features: bluetooth, modem, pim, voice recorder, expandable retentivity, camera
0	Same problems as described by JK Hudson - Paper misfeeds, bad drivers 
0	Lapp problems as key by JK Hudson - Paper misfeeds, bad drivers 
0	Battery life could be better
0	Battery life could be advantageously
1	It Has a wonderful signal reception efficiency which makes it better
1	It own a wonderful signal reception efficiency which cook it better
0	Small paper tray, USB cable not provided
0	pocket-sized paper tray, USB cable not provided
0	external antena can break, black/white screen, lousy games
0	external antena can reveal, black/white screen, lousy games
0	Not worth the trouble
0	Not worth the disturb
0	Very expensive and limited services that carry the model.
0	Very expensive and limited avail that carry the model.
0	Set up was no breeze and documentation is weak
0	laid up was no breeze and documentation is weak
0	Can take longer to download in older computers with no USB port
0	lav bring longer to download in older computers with no USB port
1	excellent value for the money
1	excellent esteem for the money
1	Improved reception
1	ameliorate reception
0	Ink hog, expensive cartridges, noisy
0	Ink hog, expensive pickup, noisy
0	basket SUCKS!, wide wheel base, wheels worn down.
0	basket SUCKS!, wide wheel base, wheels bust down.
0	Unreliable, poor software
0	Unreliable, pathetic software
1	Menus are a breeze to navigate.  Good clear signal. Awesome sound quality.
1	Menus are a breeze to navigate.  secure percipient signal. Awesome sound quality.
1	Small .. nothing else good about it
1	minor .. nothing else good about it
0	no zoom lens
0	no surge lens
1	Good battery life, price, overall good performance.
1	skilful battery life, price, overall good performance.
0	Bad implementation; very poor QC; Kyocera tech support is obtuse
0	risky implementation; very poor QC; Kyocera tech patronize is obtuse
1	superb images, quality construction, accepts Type II cards
1	superb images, quality construction, accepts Type II wag
1	this is a very user friendly camera.
1	this is a very exploiter friendly camera.
0	none
0	none
1	Immediate confirmation, fast shipping, responsive to emails.
1	Immediate confirmation, fast shipping, responsive to e-mail.
0	Bigger than "small" cell phones, uses Palm-style inverse backlighting
0	Bigger than "small" cell phones, enjoyment Palm-style inverse backlighting
0	Limited zoom, has a learning curve
0	Limited zoom, has a learning bender
0	tough to get your fingers into wires, lousy software
0	tough to make your fingers into wires, lousy software
1	10x optical image stabilized zoom, Microdrive compatible, Hot shoe
1	10x optical image stabilized zoom, Microdrive compatible, live shoe
1	Easy to use, great software, light, cheap.
1	Easy to use, slap-up software, light, cheap.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, reliable.
1	Inexpensive, light to use, reliable.
0	Scene selector dial rotates accidentally.
0	Scene chooser dial rotates accidentally.
1	Cute, stylish, not that expensive
1	cunning, stylish, not that expensive
1	Price
1	toll
1	Maneuverability, can fit most infant carriers, easy assembly
1	Maneuverability, can fit most infant carriers, easy fabrication
1	zero
1	aught
1	Fast printing, crisp colors
1	Fast printing, crisp colourize
0	Mediocre navigation
0	average navigation
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
1	Excellent Quality when it workplace and many features, Great depiction and voice clarity
0	W2K drivers not on the CD
0	W2K drivers not on the candle
1	Great Quality, a lot of options for picture quality.  Options of 56-300+ pictures (32MB Card)
1	Great Quality, a lot of alternative for picture quality.  Options of 56-300+ render (32MB carte)
0	Won't take pictures in low light.
0	Won't choose pictures in low light.
0	cant lite the front screen in the dark. indistinguishable buttons.
0	cant lite the front sieve in the benighted. indistinguishable buttons.
0	Our old face plates from our last Nokia do not fit our new one.
0	Our old face plates from our final Nokia do not fit our new unity.
0	poor reception
0	poor response
1	Signal reception
1	signalize reception
1	easy to operate
1	gentle to operate
0	Insufficient resolution for 8x10 prints. Poor zoom quality beyond 2X.
0	Insufficient firmness for 8x10 prints. misfortunate zoom quality beyond 2X.
0	none for me
0	none for me
1	excellent price, efficient ink usage, quick, decent resolution, crisp text and beautiful photos
1	excellent price, efficient ink usage, quick, decent solution, crisp text and beautiful photograph
1	Biggest zoom lens available!
1	self-aggrandising zoom lens available!
0	Distorted near edges, slow flash charge, needs more buttons.
0	Distorted near edges, slow flash direction, needs more buttons.
1	Perfect physical size and user interface.
1	Perfect strong-arm size and user interface.
1	Ease of use.
1	informality of use.
1	Palm OS integrated, Very large address book, Voice dialing, speakerphone
1	Palm OS integrated, Very expectant destination book, Voice dialing, speakerphone
1	good voice control
1	goodness voice control
1	Fast and Furious., Easy Install
1	quick and Furious., Easy Install
0	Somewhat bulky, service can be expensive
0	Somewhat bulky, serve can be expensive
0	Storage net is difficult to access.  Pricey for a travel stroller.
0	warehousing internet is difficult to access.  Pricey for a travel stroller.
1	Good price
1	upright price
1	Nice menus, big screen, Navi-roller is convenient/fast, long-battery life
1	Nice carte, big screen, Navi-roller is convenient/debauched, long-battery life
0	Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
0	Too bad you can't use 40GB heartbeat for MP3.
1	Very easy to use,Inexpensive,Great pics.
1	Very well-heeled to use,Inexpensive,Great pics.
1	zoom
1	surge
0	No good Win2k driver, Slow
0	No good Win2k driver, irksome
0	Sprint PCS Service, wireless connection
0	Sprint PCS Service, wireless connectedness
1	Effective combination of phone and PDA; you get what you pay for.
1	Effective combination of phone and PDA; you fix what you bear for.
0	It may not impress the gadget folks
0	It may not impress the convenience folks
0	poor quality in low light
0	poor quality in gloomy light
1	Light weight.
1	igniter weight.
0	A little heavy,lens cap in the way all the time
0	A little intemperate,lens cap in the room all the time
0	Short batter life, slow transfers
0	Short batter life, sluggish transfers
1	small, light, easy to use, good as a backup or second printer
1	pocket-sized, light, easy to use, expert as a backup or second printer
0	Flimsy pull up antenna.  Occasional echoing on some calls.
0	Flimsy commit up antenna.  Occasional echoing on some calls.
0	Battery life and Red-eye
0	Battery lifespan and Red-eye
1	Vibrating function, small, convenient
1	Vibrating use, small, convenient
0	no optical/digital zoom in movie shooting mode, hard-to-use controller, battery dies easily
0	no optical/digital whizz in movie shooting mode, hard-to-use controller, bombardment dies easily
0	Can't print a lot of graphics; customer service isn't great.
0	Can't print a stack of art; customer service isn't great.
1	Portable, easy to use
1	Portable, easy to exercise
1	Quiet, nice print, reliable
1	Quiet, skillful print, reliable
1	Incredibly fast black &amp; white printing.  VERY cheap for what you get.
1	Incredibly riotous dark &amp; white printing.  VERY cheap for what you get.
1	Great quality, fast color and black printing, easy to install
1	Great quality, fast gloss and fateful printing, easy to install
1	Fast, Reliable
1	loyal, Reliable
0	bad reception
0	risky reception
0	weight
0	burthen
1	Crisp, clear photos with extreme ease of use
1	sharp, clear photos with extreme ease of use
0	Some paper jams, computer freeze-ups, software takes a while to figure out.  Somewhat slow.
0	Some paper impede, computer freeze-ups, software takes a while to estimate out.  Somewhat slow.
1	Ease of use, features, printed manual
1	Ease of use, features, publish manual
1	Rugged, good battery life, above average reception, easy to use name/number storage, accending volume ringer.
1	Rugged, good battery life, above average reception, loose to role name/number storage, accending mass ringer.
1	Wonderful images, high speed, and easy to use!
1	Wonderful see, high speed, and easy to use!
0	Only 1 button
0	Only ace button
0	image quality, battery life, usability
0	image quality, battery lifespan, usability
1	Good quality prints.  Great price for what it can do.
1	commodity quality prints.  Great Price for what it can do.
0	Dubious print quality; shakes more than Elvis; LOUD!
0	Dubious print quality; shakes more than battery-acid; LOUD!
0	A floppy only stores a few photos, Memory stick option is expensive.
0	A floppy only stock a few photos, Memory mystify option is expensive.
0	thick paper tends to have to be hand fed
0	blockheaded paper tends to have to be hand fed
1	Fast, Cheap with Beautiful Color
1	loyal, Cheap with Beautiful Color
1	Prints High Quality Graphics to 11X17
1	Prints High timber Graphics to 11X17
0	not durable 
0	not undestroyable 
0	Ringer Volume, weak antenna, buttons not working
0	Ringer Volume, weak antenna, buttons not sour
1	Image quality
1	image quality
1	kinda inexpensive, works well for the most part
1	kinda inexpensive, knead well for the most part
0	Sometimes slow focus, battery charges in camera, external charger not included.
0	Sometimes slow nidus, battery charges in camera, international charger not included.
0	Battery life, fixed lens
0	Battery life, cook lens
0	Sometimes the paper feeds on an angle
0	Sometimes the paper feeds on an weight
0	None
0	none
0	as large as any 35 mm single-lens reflex camera but lighter weight
0	as bombastic as any 35 millimeter single-lens reflex camera but lighter weight
1	Great resolution, features &amp;amp; price
1	Great resolution, features &amp;AMP; price
1	Easy to use, packed with features, nice grip and heft, great zoom, high quality photos.
1	tardily to consumption, packed with features, nice grip and heft, expectant zoom, high quality photos.
0	None that I can find
0	None that I can see
0	None.
0	none.
1	Small, light, many features, easy to use, long battery life
1	Small, light, many features, gentle to utilisation, long battery life
0	Lousy navigation steps, crashes/freezes a few times a month, slow menus,
0	dirty navigation measure, crashes/freezes a few times a month, slow menus,
1	Clear pictures great color, small size ease of use
1	assoil pictures great color, small size ease of use
0	not super quality photos.  not for professional use.
0	not super choice photos.  not for professional use.
0	Slow download - no macrofocus
0	behind download - no macrofocus
1	Utility, features
1	substitute, features
1	Sony has a HIT - Compact, Zeiss Lens, Long-Life Battery, Adjustable Optical ViewFinder
1	Sony has a striking - stocky, Zeiss Lens, Long-Life Battery, Adjustable Optical ViewFinder
1	Cheap, Small, Easy to Use
1	Cheap, small, Easy to Use
1	small enough to fit the COIN POCKET of most bluejeans.
1	pocket-sized enough to suit the COIN POCKET of most bluejeans.
1	fast, standalone, powerful
1	fast, standalone, brawny
0	flash very bright, recommend a few layers of magic tape over it,  expensive and bulky
0	winkle very vivid, recommend a few layer of magic tape over it,  expensive and bulky
0	vibrate, voice name dialing
0	vibrate, voice distinguish dialing
1	Good design, small, voice dial, getting cheaper and cheaper
1	Good designing, small, voice dial, getting cheaper and cheaper
0	Only comes with 8 MB memory card
0	Only follow with 8 MB memory card
0	Short battery life, number of miscellaneous problems with phone.
0	Short battery life-time, number of miscellaneous problems with phone.
0	Deleting bad shots takes too many steps
0	Deleting bad shots hold too many steps
0	Batteries run out very quickly
0	Batteries run out very speedily
0	None
0	none
0	Cheap looking paper trays
0	Cheap see paper trays
0	Not the best software; needs to include a much larger memory stick! 
0	Not the best software; motivation to include a much larger retentiveness stick! 
1	quality,speed,price
1	quality,upper,price
0	none
0	none
1	Profiles, big address book, reliable
1	Profiles, swelled address book, reliable
1	Great print quality.  Can handle memory cards and varied papers.
1	bang-up print quality.  Can handle memory cards and variegate papers.
1	Resolution, 20mb memory included
1	Resolution, 20mb retentivity included
1	great photo quality, fast, crisp b&amp;amp;w
1	great photo quality, fast, frosty b&amp;amp;w
0	no power switch! bad paper tray setup
0	no index switch! bad paper tray setup
0	Accompanying software is too simple.  All you need is Adobe Photoshop.
0	incidental software is too unproblematic.  All you need is Adobe Photoshop.
1	compact, lots of features, vibrator
1	compact, slews of features, vibrator
0	None
0	none
1	Unique features, movie mode, dual media, functionallity
1	Unique boast, movie mode, dual media, functionallity
1	size
1	sizing
1	Large wheels,  Snack trays, lots of storage, and has a high push bar.
1	Large wheels,  Snack trays, mountain of storage, and has a high push streak.
0	It's big
0	It's crowing
0	Not the best display around, keep having to re-select dictionary in text messaging
0	not the considerably display around, keep having to re-select dictionary in text messaging
0	Location of LCD screen; batteries sometimes jar loose and reset time/date.
0	Location of LCD screen; batteries sometimes shock loose and readjust time/date.
1	Small, good camera, BT, nice WAP browser, joystick control, excellent RF, nice screen, world phone
1	lowly, estimable camera, BT, nice WAP browser, joystick moderate, excellent RF, nice screen, world phone
0	Shape, Size, Weight... Nothing major just little things that takes getting used to.
0	Shape, Size, Weight... Nothing Major just little things that takes bewilder used to.
1	Price, Photo quality, weight
1	Price, Photo tone, weight
0	Difficult to turn phone off and on
0	Difficult to spell phone off and on
1	Fantastic Photo Output, Very Quiet, Nice Software Bundle
1	Fantastic Photo Output, Very quietly, Nice Software Bundle
0	Poor printing quality
0	Poor printing caliber
0	Customer service lacking
0	Customer service absent
0	Short battery life, low end picture quality, no flash, beeping noise
0	Short battery life, modest end picture select, no flash, beeping noise
0	Zoom is noisy and loose, Sucks the batteries., Pop up flash
0	Zoom is noisy and loose, suckle the batteries., pop up flash
1	Size.
1	size.
0	Slightly Top-Heavy
0	Slightly top-heavy
1	Picture quality, price, self explanatory menus
1	scene quality, price, self explanatory menus
0	call failed, missed calls
0	telephone failed, missed calls
1	easy to handle, use, good for emailing pictures.
1	well-to-do to handle, use, good for emailing pictures.
1	ergonomic design, good color saturation, long battery life
1	ergonomic design, safe color saturation, long battery life
1	When it is working, it is spectacular.
1	When it is go, it is spectacular.
0	slow cycle time, cost (accessories), night shots
0	slow cycle time, cost (supplement), night shots
0	None yet
0	None withal
0	Flash could have been a little more powerful, Definately need a 64MB Smart Card
0	scoot could have been a little more powerful, Definately need a 64MB Smart add-in
0	You can not download music to use as a ringtone.
0	You can not download euphony to role as a ringtone.
1	astonishing looks, compact and light weight
1	astonishing flavor, compact and light weight
0	horrible reception, cannot use in car, weak vibrate option, NO CALL LOG, cheap feel
0	horrible reception, cannot use in car, weak vibrate option, nobelium CALL LOG, punk feel
0	Mac users must have USB.
0	Mac users moldiness have USB.
0	none
0	none
0	none
0	none
0	Basket small, no cup holders, does not fully recline.
0	Basket small, no cup holders, does not full recline.
0	Poor color quality for printing photos, Cheap plastic shell, USB cable not included.
0	hapless color quality for printing photos, Cheap plastic casing, USB cable not included.
1	Small size,65,536 screen,bluetooth,ect
1	humble size,65,536 screen,bluetooth,ect
1	perfect shots, long-focus, easy to use, a lot of features, good software
1	perfect pellet, long-focus, wanton to use, a lot of features, good software
1	I was taking pictures and e-mailing in 5 minutes.
1	I was taking pictures and e-mailing in cinque minutes.
1	good color, durable , easy to use
1	good color, durable , well-off to use
1	Slim, Light, Great Signal, Easy to Use
1	Slim, Light, bang-up Signal, Easy to Use
1	Easy to use
1	prosperous to use
1	Cheap to use, excellent print quality, quiet, fast
1	tacky to use, excellent print quality, quiet, fast
1	excellent value, simple to use, has features only found in more expensive cameras
1	excellent value, simple to consumption, has features only rule in more expensive cameras
1	Quality of pictures,battery,price
1	Quality of show,battery,price
0	Small Standard Memory Stick
0	Small Standard Memory pose
0	no camera function
0	no camera map
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	slow shutter.
0	behind shutter.
0	Poor battery life in analog mode
0	Poor battery life in analogue mode
0	Still cost too much! Wish prices would come down.
0	tranquilize cost too much! Wish prices would come down.
1	Full featured; Outstanding duplex speakerphone; Sharp Display; Battery life; PIM; Bluetooth technology
1	Full featured; Outstanding duplex speakerphone; needlelike Display; battery life; PIM; Bluetooth technology
0	short battery life, forced to recharge often
0	brusque battery life, forced to recharge often
0	Digital as vs. Optical zoom, slow download speed using serial cable
0	Digital as vs. Optical zoom, irksome download accelerate using serial cable
0	Don't Change batteries, Cost, Color screen could be better , Hard to see in daylight
0	Don't Change battery, Cost, Color screen could be better , Hard to envision in daylight
0	none that I have found
0	none that ace have found
1	A Cheap, easy to use camera.
1	A brassy, easy to use camera.
1	value
1	treasure
0	Cost? But you do get what you pay for.
0	Cost? But you do let what you pay for.
1	Easy to use, but still takes great pictures.
1	Easy to utilise, but still takes great pictures.
0	Does not have the longest life
0	do not have the longest life
0	Not many accsesories. Small easy to lose.
0	Not many accsesories. Small wanton to lose.
0	A bit noisy, it's kinda big compared to some printers
0	A minute noisy, it's kinda braggy compared to some printers
0	Very annoying focus assist light.
0	Very annoying focus assist illume.
0	Hard-to-read LCD display, tiny buttons, few manual controls, weak flash. All plastic construction.
0	Hard-to-read LCD display, tiny buttons, few manual curb, weak trashy. All plastic construction.
1	Small, easy to use, best reception I have had, faceplates, now it's cheap!
1	Small, easy to use, honest reception I have had, faceplates, now it's garish!
0	Big. Floppies can be good or bad feature.
0	Big. Floppies can be good or defective feature.
1	Resolution, usage, aesthetics
1	solution, usage, aesthetics
1	Great print quality
1	Great print character
0	micro sd card under battery door. Learning to transfer files a bit complicated.
0	micro sd card under battery door. Learning to channelise files a sting complicated.
0	Voice quality is poor.
0	Voice timbre is poor.
1	Print quality.
1	print quality.
1	Size, looks, sound quality
1	Size, expression, sound quality
1	Microdrive with 340 MB of storage, easy menu set ups,excellent night shot feature.
1	Microdrive with 340 MB of storage, easy menu lay ups,excellent night dig feature.
1	Excellent screen/ Gets decent reception/ Big compared to other flips/ Pretty solid phone (not flimsy)
1	Excellent screen/ arrive seemly reception/ Big compared to other interchange/ Pretty solid phone (not flimsy)
0	1.3 megapix, no zoom
0	1.3 megapix, no surge
0	flimsy card door,battery door is tricky, compact flash card is not big in size.
0	unconvincing card door,battery doorway is tricky, contract flash card is not big in size.
0	not enough internal memory
0	not plenty internal memory
1	This stroller is washable, and easy to use.
1	This ambler is washable, and easy to use.
1	Value, functional, excellent color quality.
1	Value, functional, excellent coloration quality.
0	none so far...
0	none so Interahamwe...
1	Looks are great on this phone. Great video camera.
1	Looks are great on this phone. bully video camera.
0	Slightly larger footprint than average printers.
0	Slightly larger footprint than mean printers.
1	Easy to use and sharp pictures
1	wanton to use and sharp pictures
0	Not durable, poor picture quality, poor flash.
0	Not undestroyable, poor picture quality, poor flash.
0	Costly accessories, phone can't run from adapter alone, awkward user-interface
0	Costly accessories, phone can't guide from adapter only, awkward user-interface
1	Beautiful prints, very fast.
1	Beautiful prints, very loyal.
0	buttons are small
0	buttons are small-scale
0	It may require some saving to pay for it.
0	It may necessitate some saving to pay for it.
1	Ease of use, picture quality, convenience and price of file transfer media (floppy disk)
1	Ease of manipulation, picture quality, convenience and price of file change media (floppy disk)
1	Sleek thin design.  Big BRIGHT display - perhaps the best feature of this phone.
1	Sleek thin design.  vainglorious BRIGHT presentation - perhaps the best feature of this phone.
0	None yet
0	None nevertheless
1	It works
1	It turn
0	Destroys computer when re-installed
0	Destroys estimator when re-installed
0	Shakes our Desk when printing
0	Shakes our Desk when impress
1	Nice small size for carrying.  Good pictures.  Very easy to use.  
1	Nice small sizing for carrying.  Good pictures.  Very well-off to use.  
0	not perfect
0	not everlasting
1	Styling; Display.
1	Styling; exhibit.
0	Not Internet Compatible
0	Not cyberspace Compatible
1	Easy and light to lift
1	slow and light to lift
0	Sometimes slow, expensive ink (although there are cheaper generic refills!)
0	sometimes slow, expensive ink (although there are cheap generic refills!)
1	Small size, light weight, bright LCD and manual features.  1 year warranty.
1	Small sizing, light weight, promising LCD and manual features.  1 year warranty.
1	great pics
1	swell pics
1	Very Easy to Use.
1	Very wanton to Use.
1	Easier than it looks, Good quality, Instant prints, Fun !
1	Easier than it looks, Good quality, jiffy prints, Fun !
1	Separate color tanks
1	Separate colorize tanks
1	Digital camera, Web cam, A.V.I. capability in 1 small package ! 
1	Digital camera, Web cam, A.vanadium.I. capability in 1 minuscule package ! 
0	Price of ink cartridges, speed of printing
0	Price of ink pickup, speed of printing
0	A little tricky to set up.
0	A picayune tricky to set up.
0	No bluetooth, no camera, not enough memory, short headset cable
0	No bluetooth, no camera, not sufficiency memory, little headset cable
1	Fits through store doors, can handle larger kids
1	match through store doors, can handle larger kids
0	A storage and power hog. It can get expensive fast.
0	A storage and powerfulness hog. It can catch expensive fast.
1	Raw features, fairly well-built interface
1	tender features, fairly well-built interface
0	the shot rate
0	the gibe rate
0	Technical Bugs, Expensive to Maintain
0	Technical Bugs, Expensive to hold
0	VERY SLOW PICTURE TAKING!! Not good in low-light situations. "Scene modes" are confusing.
0	VERY slacken flick TAKING!! Not good in low-light situations. "Scene modes" are confusing.
1	Sleek and good price
1	Sleek and sound price
1	Inexpensive, accurate, dependable, convenient shooting/viewing, numerous useful features, high-quality shots.
1	Inexpensive, accurate, dependable, convenient photograph/viewing, numerous useful features, high-quality shooting.
1	The photo quality adjustments are easy to make!
1	The photo quality adjustments are easy to attain!
1	Excellent Pictures, No Film
1	Excellent ikon, No Film
1	Great Phone
1	capital Phone
0	Error Messages Stink
0	Error message Stink
0	Poor Quality
0	Poor prime
1	Very Fast, Brilliant Color, Long-Lasting Cartridges
1	Very riotous, Brilliant Color, Long-Lasting Cartridges
0	Always in analog. Kicked off towers easily.  No fun ringers and not a color screen.
0	Always in analog. recoil off towers easy.  No fun ringers and not a vividness screen.
1	Prints outstanding photos
1	Prints salient photos
1	Price, AA Batteries, ease of use, decent picture quality 
1	Price, AA Batteries, ease of use, decent delineation quality 
1	Sleek looking, within most budgets, great usability
1	Sleek depend, within most budgets, great usability
0	still uses 2 seperate ink cartridges
0	motionless uses 2 seperate ink cartridges
0	It's not the top-of-the-line printer.
0	It's not the top-of-the-line pressman.
1	Easy to  use and to install on your PC
1	Easy to  practice and to install on your PC
1	Lightweight &amp;amp; 10x 
1	Lightweight &A;amp; 10x 
1	GREAT COLOR PICTURES
1	GREAT discolor PICTURES
1	Small and easily transportable., Good for emailing pictures., Can take 53 pictures a session.
1	Small and easily transportable., unspoilt for emailing pictures., Can necessitate 53 pictures a session.
1	Very durable, easily snaps in and out of car, high handle on stroller and large carry basket                        
1	selfsame durable, easily snaps in and out of car, high handle on stroller and large acquit hoop                        
1	Razor Sharp Photographic Quality
1	Razor incisive Photographic Quality
0	agfa lies about product specs
0	agfa lies about product specification
0	BATTERY
0	battery
0	Can't dock it to a Mac.
0	Can't sorrel it to a Mac.
0	not as small as some others
0	not as minuscule as some others
1	Small size, high quality photos, ease of use, sleek look.
1	Small size, high choice photos, ease of use, sleek flavor.
1	Ok for utility purposes, where quality is unimportant.
1	Ok for utility aim, where quality is unimportant.
1	a &amp;quot;snap&amp;quot; to use, variety of functions, lightweight
1	a &amp;quot;snarl&amp;quot; to use, form of functions, lightweight
1	Can't think of any
1	Can't guess of any
0	Okay reception, battery life, heats up quick
0	Okay reception, battery life, heats up ready
0	Gotta get all the accessories!
0	Gotta convey all the accessories!
0	Battery life, no optical zoom
0	Battery life, no optical surge
0	Plastic body feels fragile
0	Plastic body flavour fragile
0	Poor support, drivers and software don't work with XP
0	Poor endure, drivers and software don't work with XP
0	None
0	none
0	Short battery life, awful image quality, poor construction, terrible software
0	Short battery life, awful project prize, poor construction, terrible software
1	Very small and lightweight - great reception
1	Very small and lightweight - slap-up reception
1	large, bright LCD, video and audio capabilities
1	large, brightly LCD, video and audio capabilities
1	Built in network, 16MB memory and two paper trays
1	progress in network, 16MB memory and two paper trays
1	Prints beautiful pictures, excellent performance.
1	Prints beautiful pictures, excellent functioning.
0	It is expensive to do a lot of printing!
0	It is expensive to do a dispense of printing!
0	No cable (parallel or USB)
0	No cable (twin or USB)
0	Image quality not as good as my&amp;#13;&amp;#10;roommate's Canon Elph S100.
0	image tone not as right as my&amp;#13;&amp;#10;roommate's Canon Elph S100.
0	lack of manual white balance &amp;amp; shutter speed selection, battery and CF door quality
0	lack of manual ashen balance &amp;amp; shutter quicken selection, battery and CF doorway quality
0	wish it operated more like a point and shoot camera
0	wish it operated more like a stop and dart camera
0	For undemanding home users only
0	For undemanding place users only
0	Pricey, battery life, inconsistent signal
0	Pricey, battery life-time, inconsistent signal
1	Solid, Nice looking output, USB
1	strong, Nice looking output, USB
0	Out of Warranty Repairs are expensive, not worth the cost.
0	Out of Warranty renovate are expensive, not worth the be.
1	Nothing I can think of at the moment.
1	Nothing I can cogitate of at the moment.
1	Nice look. Easy for use. Nice price.
1	Nice spirit. Easy for use. Nice price.
0	Unreliable OS/hardware
0	unreliable OS/hardware
1	Cute little phone.  Easy to use.
1	Cute little phone.  Easy to employment.
0	Expensive toner cartridge, doesn't handle cardstock, not good with graphics.
0	Expensive toner cartridge, doesn't handle cardstock, not sound with artwork.
0	Unless you want to be aggrevated, don't buy this phone
0	Unless you want to be aggrevated, don't purchase this ring
0	If it only works
0	If it only plant
0	Keylock necessary to prevent unwanted calls.  Needs side volume adjustment.
0	Keylock necessary to forestall unwanted calls.  want side volume adjustment.
1	Easy to use, great picture quality, easy editing, one touch picture transfer, inexpensive
1	Easy to use, great picture quality, well-situated editing, one touch picture transplant, inexpensive
1	Although an oldie but very reliable.
1	Although an oldie but very honest.
0	Refills are very expensive
0	refill are very expensive
0	slow shutter speeds if not using flash, lacks viewfinder, scene modes often distort picture
0	dim shutter speeds if not using flash, lacks viewfinder, scene style often distort picture
1	Bluetooth
1	Bluetooth
0	short battery life, sensitive to signal strength.
0	unforesightful battery life, sensitive to signal strength.
0	dial seems flimsy...
0	dial seems fragile...
1	Quick, fast operation and easy to use.
1	Quick, flying operation and easy to use.
1	looks nice, easy to maneuver, different seating positions
1	looks nice, easy to maneuver, dissimilar seating positions
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
0	Little bulky but easily accommodate in pocket....other than that zippo else
1	cheap 
1	garish 
1	Good quality
1	unspoiled quality
0	The ' EV ' display and instructions too technical for what you get.
0	The ' EV ' expose and instructions too technical for what you suffer.
1	Great click and shoot, focus free camera.  Great first time camera
1	Great click and shoot, focus free camera.  swell world-class time camera
1	Quality
1	lineament
0	longer than most phones, freezes like your computer ocassionally, not as user friendly as Nokia
0	longer than most ring, immobilise ilk your computer ocassionally, not as user friendly as Nokia
1	Quiet, small footprint
1	muted, small footprint
0	can't think of one
0	can't think of unrivalled
0	Rechargeable batteries are a must!
0	Rechargeable batteries are a moldiness!
1	fast, accurate, and clean!
1	truehearted, accurate, and clean!
1	built in camera, external color display, cool factor.
1	built in camera, external color display, cool divisor.
1	Incredibly versatile; ergonomically perfect; easy to use and navigate; very durable.
1	Incredibly versatile; ergonomically perfect; wanton to employment and navigate; very durable.
0	UPDATE: My lens malfunctioned.
0	UPDATE: My lense malfunctioned.
1	Neat camera and video.
1	Neat camera and TV.
0	annoying junk messages,scratches easy
0	devil junk messages,scratches easy
0	That flip!
0	That switch!
1	supports scripts, picture quality
1	endorse scripts, picture quality
1	durable, really easy to use
1	durable, really gentle to use
0	expensive cartridges, poor support lines, durability.
0	expensive cartridges, poor stomach lines, durability.
0	Obscure lens, not alot control
0	Obscure lens, not alot mastery
1	cheap,good print quality
1	flashy,good print quality
1	INSANE battery life, gobs o' features, cool looking phone, lots more
1	INSANE battery life, gobs o' have, cool looking phone, tons more
1	The storage media
1	The reposition media
1	light, good on batteries, nice pictures
1	light, good on batteries, nice render
1	Sliding cover that does not need to used; NaviRoller; large memory
1	slide cover that does not need to used; NaviRoller; large storage
0	multi-step process to delete images, battery is not rechargeable, only 8Mb memory included
0	multi-step process to delete images, barrage is not rechargeable, only 8Mb memory include
1	Features, display, tuner option, form vs function, EVERYTHING
1	Features, display, tuner option, form V function, EVERYTHING
0	Possibly not quite as good at photo printing as the six-color photo printers.
0	Possibly not quite as right at picture printing as the six-color photo printers.
1	Great camera!  Easy to use and excellent photo quality!
1	Great camera!  Easy to utilization and excellent photo quality!
1	Reliable and Reasonable Cost
1	authentic and Reasonable Cost
0	Heavy! Messy Nokia User Interface...
0	gravid! Messy Nokia User Interface...
1	Megapixel quality, easy to use
1	Megapixel quality, comfortable to use
0	large size
0	boastfully size
1	two in one, small, sleek, sexy
1	two in 1, small, sleek, sexy
0	the power button is too small
0	the ability button is too small
0	No Power adaptor included - Manual must be printed
0	No magnate adaptor included - Manual must be printed
1	GSM 900/1900 GPRS & TDMA 850/1900 network aware
1	GSM 900/1900 GPRS & TDMA 850/1900 mesh aware
0	Ink Cartridges are expensive.
0	Ink magazine are expensive.
1	*Fast *Cheap *Works with Windows/Mac/Linux *Small footprint *Good print quality
1	*dissolute *Cheap *Works with Windows/Mac/Linux *small footprint *Good print quality
0	Some chromatic aberration
0	around chromatic aberration
0	Where shall I begin?
0	Where shall I start?
0	Reception, battery life
0	Reception, battery animation
1	color quality
1	color lineament
1	Quality printing, scanning and copying
1	Quality printing, skim and copying
1	Small slim size, aesthetic appeal
1	belittled slim size, aesthetic appeal
1	Small, Did I Say Small? Like A Little 6190
1	Small, Did I Say Small? Like A piffling 6190
1	Easy to use in auto mode as well as manual mode. Great guess free pictures.
1	Easy to expend in auto modality as well as manual mode. Great guess devoid pictures.
0	Battery life
0	bombardment life
1	Great pictures Cheap Price
1	Great photograph Cheap Price
0	pricey, small basket
0	pricey, lowly basket
1	very stylish, easy to fold up, doesn't take up a lot of space, drives/steers well
1	very stylish, comfortable to fold up, doesn't take up a pot of space, drives/steers comfortably
0	Scratches easily (needs case
0	Scratches easily (needs caseful
1	Get it if you have more kids
1	produce it if you have more kids
0	Battery life is short and the 8MB CF card is practically useless
0	Battery life is short and the 8MB californium card is much useless
1	Quality, Ease of use, Versatility
1	timber, Ease of use, Versatility
1	Dependable
1	true
1	Very effective, great special copy features, beautiful prints.
1	Very effective, great peculiar copy features, beautiful prints.
1	New cup holders and easier to open
1	New cup holders and soft to open
1	10 x Zoom, Built in floppy drive, LCD screen, Form Fitting to you hand, you can delete the pictures you don't want from the camera, multiple picture options
1	10 x Zoom, Built in floppy drive, LCD screen, Form meet to you hand, you can cancel the delineation you don't deprivation from the camera, multiple picture selection
1	Very easy to use
1	Very tardily to use
0	Pixels are obvious
0	pel are obvious
0	"Acceptably small" means bigger than would make most happy...jog dial is moderately annoying.
0	"Acceptably small" means bigger than would defecate most happy...jog dial is moderately irritate.
0	None.
0	none.
0	Battery life, reception, earpiece volume, build quality.
0	Battery life, reception, earpiece volume, build calibre.
1	Cheap, Decent Quality
1	meretricious, Decent Quality
1	great value, great features, just all around greatness
1	neat value, great features, just all around greatness
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
0	My carrier disabled the full feature laid (OBEX).  "localization" field is wanting in the calendar.
0	more pixels can be better, battery life, no special effects
0	more pixels can be substantially, battery life, no special burden
1	Small, Lightweight, easy to use with a headset,and Internet Browser.
1	Small, whippersnapper, promiscuous to use with a headset,and Internet Browser.
0	on the large side, horrible Sprint customer service
0	on the large slope, horrible Sprint customer service
0	Keypad a little hard to use keys are close together.
0	Keypad a minuscule hard to consumption keys are close together.
1	It's the right size. It's simple. It's reasonably priced.
1	It's the redress size. It's simple. It's reasonably priced.
0	Phone book, camera in dark/night conditions
0	Phone reserve, camera in dark/night conditions
1	Small, good call clarity, useful outside mini display
1	Small, honorable call clarity, useful outside mini display
0	Bad reception,low ringer,ugly interface,very low on options
0	sorry reception,low ringer,frightful interface,very low on options
1	Looks, Desirability, Screen
1	see, Desirability, Screen
1	Great signal strength, great battery life
1	Great signal strength, groovy battery life
1	very good converged device, works well as a cell phone
1	very secure converged device, wreak well as a cell phone
0	It does everything for you.
0	IT does everything for you.
0	Not the most stylish. Doesn't have a built-in camera.
0	Not the most stylish. Doesn't have a integral camera.
1	Low cost, ease of use.
1	low cost, ease of use.
0	No lens protection, get a good case
0	No lens protection, arrive a good case
0	The reception could be a little bit better but that's true for practically all phones.
0	The reception could be a little flake adept but that's true for much all phones.
1	Floppy storage great convenience
1	Floppy storage great gismo
1	Amazing printing quality for such a cheap printer
1	bewilder printing quality for such a cheap printer
0	NONE
0	none
1	It's free.
1	It's liberate.
1	compact, durable, easy to use.
1	compact, durable, well-situated to use.
1	Great pictures, low price, LCD screen
1	cracking pictures, low price, LCD screen
0	a bit too smooth and rounded which is why I've dropped mine a few times.
0	a bit too fluid and round which is why I've dropped mine a few sentence.
1	small, light, and always with you
1	small, dismount, and always with you
0	Some problems getting USB to work,, OSX driver works but incomplete.
0	Some problems have USB to forge,, OSX driver works but incomplete.
0	High print cost, not dependable
0	High print cost, not reliable
0	Slow, Expensive development
0	easy, Expensive development
0	takes a few seconds to take the picture
0	takes a few seconds to take the depiction
1	Price, Functions; ease of use
1	Price, office; ease of use
1	Excellent print quality, faxing and scanning.
1	Excellent print quality, faxing and skim.
1	flip phone, external display, large color screen
1	flip phone, external display, magnanimous color screen
0	Highlights "burn out" in bright sunshine.
0	Highlights "tan out" in bright sunshine.
0	Pictures of Red Glass do not show well at all.
0	photograph of Red Glass do not demo well at all.
1	Inexpensive
1	cheap
1	Motorola reputation, solid phone, clear sound
1	Motorola reputation, self-coloured phone, clear sound
0	A bit bigger than some
0	A bit giving than some
1	Light Weight, compact size, excellent features for the money
1	Light weight, compact size, excellent features for the money
0	I price of jet ink is expensive
0	1 price of jet ink is expensive
1	Small, Easy to use, Really clear pictures
1	minuscule, Easy to use, Really clear pictures
1	Lens, Fully Automatic, Fantastic Photos
1	lens, Fully Automatic, Fantastic Photos
0	Non-intuitive interface, No WAP support, Thick
0	Non-intuitive interface, No WAP digest, Thick
0	Yet another bit of propaganda for the Cult of Canon
0	hitherto another mo of propaganda for the Cult of Canon
1	Great size, durable, easy to figure out.
1	corking size, durable, easy to figure out.
0	Not user friendly, bad reception, too pricey
0	Not user friendly, forged reception, too pricey
0	Noisy, heads clog, and few programs can deal without borders.
0	Noisy, channelise clog, and few programs can raft without borders.
0	Too much phone, will you surf the net from a phone?
0	Too much call, will you surf the clear from a phone?
0	Weak flash, mediocre battery life, no provision for add on lenses or filters 
0	Weak instant, mediocre battery life, no provision for contribute on lenses or filters 
0	Not for the inexperienced
0	not for the inexperienced
1	Great Antenna, Perfect Size, Nokia Menu
1	majuscule Antenna, Perfect Size, Nokia Menu
1	Small and surprisingly durable
1	Small and surprisingly indestructible
0	Paper feeds from the back. Poor software.  Poor print quality
0	Paper feeds from the second. short software.  Poor print quality
0	Poor battery life,5hrs.tops,unable to make calls, poor service very vague on progress
0	Poor battery life,5hrs.tops,unable to work holler, poor service very wispy on progress
1	Extremely capable camera with ease of use for the average user and the experienced professional.
1	extremely capable camera with ease of employ for the average user and the live professional.
0	Doesnt come with rechargables.
0	Doesnt cum with rechargables.
0	Eats up battery life easily.
0	Eats up battery sprightliness easily.
0	To Many Lights,It Lacks A Color Screen
0	To Many Lights,It Lacks A vividness Screen
1	Color Screen, Small size, PTT option
1	Color Screen, Small size, PTT pick
0	Software, speed, reliabilty
0	Software, hotfoot, reliabilty
1	weight, voice recognition, dedicated voice/text mail buttons
1	weight, spokesperson recognition, dedicated voice/text mail buttons
1	Price, quality, speed
1	Price, quality, hotfoot
1	Speakerphone, Flip Top, Sturdy Design
1	Speakerphone, thumb Top, Sturdy Design
0	kind of flimsy
0	form of flimsy
0	Ink cartridges are small, may want to look at refilling.
0	ink cartridges are small, may want to seem at refilling.
0	Pricey
0	costly
0	Battery life, flash is terrible
0	Battery biography, flash is terrible
0	Can't think of any cons
0	Can't think of any bunco
0	Printer is noisy, USB cable is short, warm up time. 
0	Printer is noisy, USB cable is short-change, affectionate up time. 
0	doesn't ship with printer cables, have to print the manual yourself, demo button
0	doesn't ship with printer cable, have to publish the manual yourself, demo button
0	cheesy ringers (IMHO)
0	sleazy ringers (IMHO)
1	Excellent color. Great price.
1	Excellent color. outstanding price.
1	It works great!
1	It make great!
1	PRICE ,1200X1200 DPI , prints are decent
1	PRICE ,1200X1200 DPI , prints are seemly
0	Slow to write to disk, too expensive for beginners
0	boring to write to disk, too expensive for beginners
1	One of the lightest phones on the market today. Packed with features. including voice command.
1	matchless of the light-colored phones on the market today. Packed with features. including articulation command.
0	paper jams sometimes and doesn't load straight
0	paper jams sometimes and doesn't debase straight
1	price
1	terms
0	weight
0	burthen
0	reliability, some ink usage
0	reliability, some ink employment
1	Easy to use long battery life.
1	Easy to utilization long battery life.
0	2x zoom insufficient at times
0	2x zoom insufficient at clock
1	Great price, nice pictures, screen is a plus
1	nifty price, nice pictures, screen is a plus
0	Requires time to learn using all the functions
0	Requires time to learn using all the go
1	Reception! Reception! Reception! Simple interface. Large antenna. Inexpensive.
1	Reception! Reception! Reception! Simple interface. big antenna. Inexpensive.
0	sucks the battery juice, no zoom
0	suckle the battery juice, no zoom
0	Good, but not serious quality
0	respectable, but not serious quality
0	Pictures not very of high quality.  Floppy storage.
0	Pictures not very of high-pitched quality.  Floppy storage.
1	Small enough to take everywhere, Easy to upload to any platform. 
1	Small enough to hire everywhere, light to upload to any platform. 
0	HP driver updates some printers is poor.  HP "all-in-one" software demanding.
0	HP driver updates some printers is poor.  horsepower "all-in-one" software postulate.
0	Low battery life
0	scummy battery life
1	Fun  Great Quality Pictures  Easy to Use
1	Fun  Great Quality scene  Easy to Use
0	Delicate antenna
0	touchy antenna
1	Excellent print, exceptional color printing, quiet when printing,&amp; fast
1	Excellent print, exceptional semblance printing, quiet when impression,&amp; fast
1	Easy to use, good daytime picture
1	well-to-do to use, good daytime picture
0	Games are ok
0	Games are OK
1	Printing quality, Speed, Multitasking, Cost-effective, HP reliability
1	Printing quality, Speed, Multitasking, cost-effective, HP reliability
1	Takes high quality pictures. Great Black &amp; Whites and Sepia Tone pictures too!
1	lead high quality pictures. heavy Black &amp; Whites and Sepia Tone pictures too!
1	it works for 8-12 months
1	it study for 8-12 months
0	No optical viewfinder, Proprietary battery, Not all features available readily.
0	no optical viewfinder, Proprietary battery, Not all features uncommitted readily.
0	Still high in price for the average buyer, like me.  
0	Still high in Price for the median buyer, like me.  
0	Loud when feeding paper.
0	Loud when alimentation paper.
1	Small, Cute, Good lighting, Interesting interface.
1	Small, Cute, Good lighting, worry interface.
1	Small size, wow factor, decent resolution.
1	Small size, wow component, decent resolution.
0	Few software problems.
0	Few software trouble.
0	Not enough room on jumpseat, not a good seatbelt, very heavy
0	Not enough room on jumpseat, not a adept seatbelt, very threatening
1	Fast, cheaper ink than HP
1	firm, cheaper ink than HP
0	Messes up sometimes, runs out of ink fast
0	Messes up sometimes, go out of ink fast
1	Price to quality ratio
1	Price to quality proportion
1	cheap
1	tawdry
0	No screen cover on camera
0	No screen traverse on camera
1	Outstanding photo quality.Good software
1	undischarged photo quality.Good software
1	Great Resolution - Needs a Little Improvement
1	outstanding Resolution - Needs a Little Improvement
1	Easy to navigate menu
1	light to navigate menu
0	LOOOOOOOOONG download time.  Very poor color and grainy.  
0	LOOOOOOOOONG download time.  Very poor colourize and grainy.  
0	Not GSM 1800, really dense menus
0	Not GSM 1800, really dense card
1	Awesome photos
1	Awesome photograph
0	shuts off by itself, flips open by itself, locks up during calls...  there's more...
0	shuts off by itself, throw open by itself, locks up during holler...  there's more...
1	Good Speed, Great Quality, Very quiet
1	Good Speed, Great Quality, Very still
0	None.
0	none.
0	Software is useless, flash is awkward
0	Software is useless, heartbeat is awkward
0	no camera or mp3
0	no camera or mp3
1	Quality prints, Ink life, fast 
1	timber prints, Ink life, fast 
0	Bad quality, slow
0	Bad caliber, slow
0	slow photo
0	slack photo
0	a bit bulky, expensive, sometimes gets poor signal
0	a bit bulky, expensive, sometimes mother poor signal
0	Battery life
0	Battery life-time
1	Highly recommended
1	Highly recommend
1	Great Sound Quality; Tons of Features; Compact; Easy to Use; Reliable
1	Great Sound Quality; Tons of Features; Compact; Easy to usance; dependable
0	Large belt clip
0	enceinte belt clip
0	died prematurely, slow to get started
0	exit prematurely, slow to get started
0	terrible reception, I've had some battery problems
0	dreaded reception, I've had some battery problems
0	Battery hog
0	Battery hogg
1	Rugged design, good features, not too bulky, battery
1	Rugged design, safe features, not too bulky, battery
0	price
0	cost
0	AT&T no longer sells them, NUMEROUS problems with ours, HORRIBLE Customer Service
0	At&tonne no longer sells them, NUMEROUS problems with ours, HORRIBLE Customer Service
1	Size, Weight, Link to your comp.
1	Size, Weight, connexion to your comp.
1	Amazingly small, metal skin, easy to use, decent battery life, no Windows drivers needed
1	Amazingly small, metal skin, easy to use, decorous bombardment life, no Windows drivers needed
1	Features, keyboard, price,
1	Features, keyboard, toll,
1	Good quick snap camera for Under $100
1	Good quick centering camera for Under $100
1	Small size, Lots of features, Crisp, clear pictures
1	Small size, pot of features, Crisp, clear pictures
0	Eats batteries like no body's business!
0	deplete batteries like no body's business!
1	small, VERY generous bundle, easy software, photo quality, ease of use
1	small, really generous bundle, easy software, photo quality, rest of use
1	very snazzy, easy to use, many different functions, great music player
1	very snazzy, easy to role, many different functions, big music player
0	None found
0	None launch
0	I kind of feel bad for the person that bought it.
0	I kind of find bad for the person that corrupt it.
1	light, nice blue display, compact
1	light, nice low display, compact
1	Picture Quality, Full Manual Control, Good Flash, AF illuminator, Uses AA Batteries., 
1	icon Quality, Full Manual Control, Good newsbreak, AF illuminator, Uses AA Batteries., 
1	replaceable printer heads, inexpensive ink alternatives, low starting cost
1	replaceable printer manoeuver, inexpensive ink alternatives, low starting cost
1	tons of features!!
1	dozens of features!!
0	High ink consumption, print quality with good paper, small paper tray
0	High ink consumption, print select with dependable paper, small paper tray
0	not enough battery life
0	not enough battery animation
0	Hot base, short battery life
0	Hot base, shortstop battery life
0	Memory cards cost
0	Memory cards price
1	TOUGH, beautiful, classy, works great at home (Hawaii) and when I'm in Europe, love it!
1	ruffianly, beautiful, classy, works heavy at home (Hawaii) and when I'm in Europe, bed it!
1	Power full Camera!
1	magnate full Camera!
0	2.5x zoom not very useful
0	2.5x zoom not very utilitarian
1	Perfect photo-quality output as good as a photo lab.  Very low initial cost.
1	perfect photo-quality output as unspoiled as a photo lab.  Very low initial cost.
0	Complicated. Too small?
0	Complicated. Too small-scale?
1	Extremely perfect quality, lots of great features,perfect for e-mailing
1	Extremely perfect quality, passel of great features,gross for e-mailing
1	Fun Friendly Design!
1	Fun Friendly excogitation!
0	Short battery life, but Samsung gives you an extended battery free
0	Short battery life, but Samsung leave you an lengthy battery free
1	Design, compatibility with auxiliary strobes, ease of use and image quality.
1	contrive, compatibility with auxiliary strobes, ease of role and image quality.
0	Poor prints, Paper Jams up the wazoo, another Lexmark Loser
0	Poor mark, wallpaper Jams up the wazoo, another Lexmark Loser
1	Great battery life & convenience of speakerphone
1	Great bombardment life & convenience of speakerphone
0	None!
0	none!
0	A slow printer with low resolution and expensive ink cartridges.
0	A slow printer with blue answer and expensive ink cartridges.
0	ink cost
0	ink toll
1	Easy to use, fast, quiet, low profile, fairly versatile.
1	Easy to use, fast, quiet, blue profile, fairly versatile.
0	The ink lasts awhile, but it costs about 3 fingers and a toe.
0	The ink last awhile, but it costs about ternion fingers and a toe.
1	Great local performance.  Large screen size.  Great CELL PHONE camera.  Nice mp3 player.
1	expectant local performance.  Large screen size.  Great CELL call camera.  Nice mp3 player.
1	Inexpensive , easy to use , uses AA.
1	Inexpensive , easy to use , employment AA.
0	flash broken when purchased and had to be replaced
0	tacky broken when purchased and had to be replaced
0	Price. You'll get it back in savings made on refilling the ink. :)
0	Price. You'll acquire it back in preserve made on refilling the ink. :)
1	Design, digital reception, size and weight
1	Design, digital receipt, size and weight
0	price
0	terms
0	I do not like the power saver mode
0	I do not corresponding the power saver mode
1	Photo Printing!
1	Photo publish!
0	Expensive, not as pocket size as PDR-M4
0	Expensive, not as sac size as PDR-M4
1	Lightning Fast Speed
1	Lightning riotous Speed
1	Easy to get scans to email. Better print quality and faster than X83 or A3000.
1	Easy to get skim to email. meliorate print quality and quick than X83 or A3000.
0	Occasionally feeds too much paper; Would be nice if it was a bit smaller
0	Occasionally feed too much paper; Would be nice if it was a bit small-scale
0	battery and small initial CF card, only 3x zoom. 
0	battery and minuscule initial CF card, only 3x zoom. 
0	- none
0	- none
1	good picture quality, color balance, ergonomic size, bright lens
1	practiced picture quality, color balance, ergonomic size, bright lens
0	can't hold a lot of paper
0	can't detention a lot of paper
1	Decent speed and color for the price.
1	Decent speed and discolor for the price.
1	Worldwide roaming, good speakerphone
1	Worldwide roaming, skilful speakerphone
1	slimmest 2MP camera in the world, minimal shutter lag, output excellent for Web
1	slimmest 2MP camera in the planetary, minimum shutter lag, output excellent for Web
0	OK battery life, could be better. Only 2 phones entries per contact.
0	OK battery life, could be unspoiled. Only 2 call entries per contact.
1	Fast and very good quality
1	Fast and very good timbre
0	too slow
0	too tedious
1	Great call quality and reception. I love Driving Mode !!
1	Great call quality and reception. I love force Mode !!
0	none so far
0	none so ALIR
1	Ease of use, four megapixels, price, size, options
1	simplicity of use, four megapixels, price, size, options
1	Very fast printing
1	real fast printing
0	Kind of big.
0	Kind of enceinte.
1	Almost everything - especially style, size/weight &amp; features
1	Almost everything - specially style, size/weight &amp; features
0	Not a Postscript printer
0	Not a addendum printer
1	Epson Brand Name, Quality of Printing, Ink Cartridges
1	Epson Brand Name, timber of Printing, Ink Cartridges
1	Excellent optics, SLR in digital is here now
1	Excellent oculus, SLR in digital is here now
1	A breeze to set up.  I followed the directions exactly and no problems at all.
1	A breeze to set up.  1 adopt the focusing exactly and no problems at all.
1	Ultra high resolution, clear sharp pictures
1	Ultra high firmness, clear sharp pictures
0	Not a pocket camera (1 lbs 7 oz) and expensive.
0	Not a sac camera (one lbs 7 oz) and expensive.
0	Haven't found any yet.
0	Haven't happen any yet.
0	Total disaster, Kyocera warranty scam
0	Total disaster, Kyocera guarantee scam
1	Picture quality, ease of use, feel of camera
1	Picture lineament, ease of use, feel of camera
1	Slim, light, cool looking, calls people
1	Slim, light, cool bet, calls people
0	Everything else!
0	Everything else!
0	no real zoomability, and costly memory cards
0	no real zoomability, and costly store cards
1	Good memory function, snake, good call clarity, price
1	commodity memory function, snake, good call clarity, price
0	Expensive cartridges, low quality, slow.
0	Expensive cartridges, low quality, dull.
0	ink can be pricey
0	ink can be dear
1	dependable, good quality
1	dependable, beneficial quality
0	Doesn't handle all papers well and jams frequently.
0	Doesn't wield all papers well and jams frequently.
1	Battery Life, distinctive ringers(see desc.)
1	Battery liveliness, distinctive ringers(see desc.)
0	Works poorly indoors.
0	forge poorly indoors.
0	None!
0	none!
0	A Little Slow But You Get Use To It.
0	A Little Slow But You Get usance To It.
0	Mediocre camera, difficult to access data on the phone
0	Mediocre camera, difficult to admission data on the phone
1	Good quality printing
1	dear quality printing
0	A little slow
0	A little irksome
0	Quality of long range shots is not great.
0	Quality of long chain shots is not great.
1	rich feature; easy to use
1	rich feature; easy to utilize
1	Image Quality, USB Connection, Price
1	double Quality, USB Connection, Price
0	bad reception
0	uncollectible reception
0	takes a few moments to change ink cartridges
0	takings a few moments to change ink cartridges
1	long battery life
1	long battery living
1	Nice wood touch-Many Rings
1	Nice woodwind touch-Many Rings
0	none
0	none
0	The battery goes dead after talking for ten minutes.  Everything
0	The battery lead utter after talking for ten minutes.  Everything
0	Everything!
0	Everything!
1	Fun Color (Sunscapes); Large Canopy; Rear step for a toddler; Perego Quality
1	Fun Color (Sunscapes); Large Canopy; seat step for a tot; Perego Quality
0	Quite slow... but who cares.
0	Quite easy... but who cares.
0	None
0	none
0	kind of pricey
0	kind of dear
1	Tri-mode, standard Nokia features (ring tones, etc.)&#13;&#10;
1	Tri-mode, standard Nokia features (environ tones, etc.)&#13;&#10;
0	Factory presets in drivers need to be tweaked slightly.
0	Factory presets in drivers want to be tweaked slightly.
0	Hard to see LCD in bright sunlight
0	Hard to see LCD in brilliantly sunlight
0	Expensive, fewer custom covers available for this model
0	Expensive, fewer custom breed available for this model
1	Super small, stainless steel body and simple menu functions.
1	Super diminished, stainless steel body and simple menu functions.
1	The speaker phone is amazing in reach and clarity, excellent web browsing.
1	The speaker phone is vex in reach and clarity, excellent vane browsing.
0	none
0	none
1	Cheap, clean printing-very quiet
1	Cheap, clean printing-very tranquillize
1	Simple to use. Great photo quality. Reliable.
1	Simple to use. peachy photo quality. Reliable.
1	Very durable, Costs very Little, great software
1	Very durable, Costs very Little, dandy software
0	2x zoom, proprietary battery is expensive, lack of manual control, weak flash
0	2x zoom, proprietary shelling is expensive, lack of manual control, infirm flash
0	Not many service providers offer this phone.
0	Not many overhaul providers offer this phone.
1	5 point harness, nice canopy, easy to fold/unfold, lots of storage space, very comfy looking seat
1	5 stage harness, dainty canopy, easy to fold/unfold, lots of depot space, very comfy looking seat
0	none I can think of
0	none unity can think of
1	Good resolution, small, portable
1	Good resolution, pocket-sized, portable
1	Detailed, colorful prints that rival or exceed film-based photos.
1	Detailed, colorful prints that competitor or exceed film-based photos.
1	Thin, lightwieght, stylish, and many great features
1	Thin, lightwieght, stylish, and many expectant features
0	Don't be lazy, read the review.
0	Don't be indolent, read the review.
0	Menu interface could be easier to use
0	menu interface could be easier to use
1	Superb,sharp color picture/text. Quiet. A tad faster than the norm for under $200.
1	Superb,sharp coloration painting/text. tranquil. A tad faster than the norm for under $200.
0	limited space and slow transfer speed of media
0	limited space and slow conveyance speed of media
1	Great cheap camera
1	Great tinny camera
1	Doesn't misfeed 
1	Doesn't misfeed 
0	Still can not turn off Caller ID
0	still can not turn off Caller ID
0	Price, no downloadable ring tones, battery life
0	terms, no downloadable ring tones, battery life
0	Screen is hard to see in the sun. Definitely need to buy a memory card.
0	cover is hard to visualize in the sun. Definitely motive to buy a memory card.
0	poor battery life, 3x optical 6x digital zoom.
0	poor battery animation, 3x optical 6x digital zoom.
1	Makes excellent 4 x 6 prints; has small size and solid, stylish design.
1	stool excellent 4 decade 6 prints; has small size and solid, stylish design.
0	Bad battery usage
0	Bad shelling usage
1	Ultra lite weight, perfect for carry in front pocket, above average lcd display
1	Ultra lite weight, everlasting for bear in front pocket, above average lcd display
1	Excellent zoom - CD-R drive - lower JPEG compression than previous Mavicas - SLR feel and functionality - USB connectivity - MPEG HQ
1	Excellent zoom - CD-R aim - low-pitched JPEG compression than previous Mavicas - SLR feeling and functionality - USB connectivity - MPEG HQ
0	Best photo quality takes a little time to get off camera.
0	proficient photo quality takes a little time to drive off camera.
1	Manual mode, user-selectable ISO, movie mode &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Manual fashion, user-selectable ISO, movie mode &ampere;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Simple, easy to use, no additional equipment to buy.
1	Simple, wanton to use, no additional equipment to buy.
1	The Large Amount of Storage Space using a CD over a floppy
1	The great Amount of memory Space using a CD over a floppy
0	No sound in movie mode, color tends to red in low light
0	No sound in movie mode, color tends to red in depressed illume
0	Quick battery drain, long wait between flash shots, poor low-light capture
0	Quick battery drain, recollective wait between flash shots, misfortunate low-light capture
0	Audio noise in movie mode, 2x zoom, 20-second movies, 2.1 MPixel
0	Audio noise in movie mode, 2x zoom, 20-second film, II.1 MPixel
1	Fastest quality printer that I've seen.  Good picture quality.
1	Fastest quality printer that I've seen.  Good see quality.
0	Weak flash, very slow response when using redeye reduction
0	Weak flash, very slow response when practice redeye reduction
0	difficult to adjust recline with one hand, when folded it rests on the snack tray
0	difficult to adjust recline with 1 script, when folded it residuum on the snack tray
1	can add photos, music and much more!!
1	can add photograph, music and much more!!
1	Lots of talk time; Smallest phone I have found; GSM; solid construction
1	lot of talk time; Smallest phone I have found; GSM; substantial construction
1	Simple, elegant, changeable covers.
1	round-eyed, elegant, changeable covers.
1	cheap, good if you don't care about quality
1	flashy, good if you don't care about quality
0	Serial port, no case, lens cap not attached to body
0	Serial port, no slip, lens cap not attached to consistence
0	Some features difficult to access
0	Some features difficult to approach
0	Case is easily scratched or chipped; true audio ringtones sound garbled (polyphonic is ok)
0	slip is easily scratch or chipped; true audio ringtones sound garbled (polyphonic is ok)
1	Small, lightweight, sturdy, good reception and cool looking
1	Small, lightweight, stout, good reception and cool looking
1	reasonable price, convenience, fair picture quality
1	reasonable price, convenience, fair see quality
0	flimsy, does not hold up well.
0	flimsy, does not wait up well.
0	Won't feed; keeps jamming; eventually dies like other HP products
0	Won't fertilise; keeps wad; eventually dies like other HP products
1	Crisp text, fast ppm
1	kinky text, fast ppm
1	Great RF (better than my other phones), feature rich, solid design/build, flashy, lightweight
1	Great RF (comfortably than my other phones), feature rich, solid figure/build, flashy, lightweight
0	Color ink prints low quality images.
0	Color ink prints low quality trope.
0	none
0	none
0	Everything from its hard instillation, too is unacceptable performance
0	Everything from its knockout instillation, too is unacceptable performance
0	Still a little slow printing color.
0	Still a little dim printing color.
0	Very little memory, won't be enough if you like clicking pictures.
0	Very little store, won't be enough if you alike clicking pictures.
0	I don't feel that there are any cons about this stroller.
0	ane don't feel that there are any cons about this pusher.
1	Excellent Quality Photos
1	fantabulous Quality Photos
0	On the large side 
0	On the orotund side 
1	Produces High Quality Prints, Easy To Set Up &amp;amp; Use, Reasonably Priced, Fun Software...
1	Produces High Quality Prints, prosperous To lot up &amp;amp; Use, Reasonably Priced, Fun Software...
0	no display on front, only one size text
0	no display on forepart, only one size text
1	Joy stick control, voice dailing, good customer service
1	Joy stupefy control, voice dailing, good customer service
1	calculator, dated alarm, excellent tech support
1	calculator, dated alarm, excellent tech documentation
0	Clunky software. Price.  Battery goes quick.
0	Clunky software. Price.  Battery start quick.
0	Lack of package contents, high price per page rating
0	Lack of package contents, high-pitched price per page rating
1	Everything is in the box, 20Mb memory card, quick start up time, USB support
1	Everything is in the box, 20Mb memory lineup, quick outset up time, USB support
1	COMPACT, LIGHTWEIGHT, STRONG SIGNAL STRENGTH, VOICE ACTIVATED DIALING
1	thick, LIGHTWEIGHT, STRONG SIGNAL STRENGTH, VOICE ACTIVATED DIALING
0	Not many features, Camera is not that great.
0	Not many features, Camera is not that majuscule.
0	battery life, phone inserts(i can't find any)
0	battery life, phone infix(i can't find any)
0	Not very small, looks too much like a Nokia, poor instruction book
0	Not very small, seem too much like a Nokia, pitiful instruction book
1	Great Size/Great Storage
1	Great Size/Great repositing
0	A bit big, off position doesn't lock to prevent battery usage, small picture printed (2X3)
0	A bit expectant, off put doesn't lock to prevent battery usage, small video printed (2X3)
1	Amazing pics, great panorama, movie mode is cool, CompactFlash type 2 support, easy to use, great display, USB, 3x optical 2x digital zoom
1	vex pics, majuscule panorama, movie mode is sang-froid, CompactFlash type 2 support, easy to use, majuscule display, USB, 3x optical 2x digital zoom
1	3 MegaPixels, Small Size, Solid Construction, Excellent Photo Taking, Price
1	trinity MegaPixels, modest Size, Solid Construction, Excellent Photo Taking, Price
1	Alarm, stop watch, ect.
1	Alarm, blockade watch, ect.
0	Keys uncovered and there's no clip.
0	Keys uncovered and there's no trim.
1	easy to use, swivel lens, macro mode built in, has all basic features
1	easy to use, swivel lens, macro mode built in, has all canonical feature
0	leaks black ink!1
0	leaks dim ink!1
1	4 Megapixel, Produces great images suitable for printing, rechargeable battery
1	iv Megapixel, Produces great prototype suitable for printing, rechargeable battery
1	Many features and functions, easy to use, flip phone, excellent quality
1	Many features and functions, easy to use, flip-flop phone, fantabulous quality
0	too minor to mention
0	too modest to mention
0	Just read the review. 15 words max isn't enough to elaborate.
0	Just read the review. XV language max isn't enough to elaborate.
0	Basket is a little small, but that's ok.
0	Basket is a piffling small, but that's ok.
0	PhotoMax software may have problems
0	PhotoMax software whitethorn have problems
1	Great sound quality, long battery life, inexpensive.
1	Great sound quality, long battery aliveness, inexpensive.
0	No USB support
0	No USB living
1	Great photos with lots of detail, zoom, some manual features
1	majuscule photos with destiny of detail, zoom, some manual features
1	Fast speed, low per page cost.
1	quick speed, low per page cost.
1	Screen, battery, sounds,
1	Screen, battery, vocalize,
0	needs new ink carts every so often as do all printers
0	require New ink carts every so often as do all printers
1	great pics , great speed
1	heavy pics , great speed
1	battery life, works ok with most phone centric web sites, decent speaker phone.
1	battery life, works okey with most phone centric web sites, decent verbalizer phone.
0	Expensive card capacity, slow recharge for next shot, power demanding
0	Expensive card capacity, slow recharge for next dash, power postulate
0	Viewing screen small, possible durability problems down the road
0	Viewing filmdom small, possible durability problems down the road
0	None
0	none
0	No simple ring tones; can't turn wallpaper off; battery life nowhere near what they claim.
0	No simple ring look; can't turn wallpaper off; bombardment aliveness nowhere near what they claim.
0	Better stock up on a good supply of batteries.
0	Better banal up on a good supply of batteries.
0	size?, not as solid feeling as S and G lines.
0	size?, not as solid look as S and G melody.
0	A little slow on the auto focus.
0	angstrom little slow on the auto focus.
0	Bad ringer choices
0	spoiled ringer choices
0	None as of yet
0	None as of still
0	heavier than other umbrella strollers; no cupholder
0	laboured than other umbrella strollers; no cupholder
1	Small, easy to use, lot's of colors!
1	Small, easy to expend, lot's of colors!
0	all the sh*t I got when I finally caved
0	all the sh*t I got when I finally spelunk
0	Everyone one else wants to play with it!
0	Everyone one else wants to manoeuvre with it!
1	Well it DOES take decent pictures
1	Well it DOES take decent see
1	Durable and easy to use
1	Durable and easy to utilisation
1	Great pictures
1	Great film
1	Small, Light, Cute, Speaker Phone
1	Small, lightsome, Cute, Speaker Phone
0	no optical zoom, mjpeg movies useless, batteries go fast unless you get NiMH
0	no optical zoom, mjpeg movies useless, batteries spell fast unless you take NiMH
1	Fast, cheap, great quality
1	Fast, chinchy, great quality
1	decent print quality
1	decent print timber
0	it's a digital camera
0	it's a digital camera
1	Easy to use, See your photos immediately
1	Easy to use, See your photos straightaway
0	Flash pop up in your hand.
0	jiffy pop up in your hand.
1	Takes great pictures &amp;amp; easy to use.
1	Takes neat pictures &amp;amp; easy to use.
1	Almost acceptable as a Pro-Am camera
1	Almost satisfactory as a Pro-Am camera
1	Amazing screen, Great sound quality, Cool Form Factor.
1	astonish screen, Great sound quality, Cool Form Factor.
0	Unable to save custom settings; no on-screen progress monitor; weak blacks
0	Unable to save custom circumstance; no on-screen progress monitor; weak black
1	size ,price and ease of use
1	size ,price and simpleness of use
1	Easy to use, Very accurate color, Intelligent autofocus system, Functional shooting modes, Excellent software
1	easygoing to use, Very accurate color, Intelligent autofocus system, Functional take modes, Excellent software
0	Accessory prices
0	Accessory price
0	Expensive Ink, kinda noisey for an inkjet.
0	expensive Ink, kinda noisey for an inkjet.
1	BEST PHONE IN THE ENTIRE WORLD
1	adept PHONE IN THE ENTIRE WORLD
0	Battery life, USB/Smart Media Card
0	Battery aliveness, USB/Smart Media Card
1	unrivaled digital image quality
1	unrivaled digital effigy quality
1	Lightweight, Metal Case, Good Picture Resolution, Features
1	Lightweight, Metal Case, Good photo Resolution, Features
0	Eats batteries. Not enough space for quality pictures.
0	consume batteries. Not enough space for quality pictures.
0	The speed could be a little better
0	The speed could be a little ripe
1	Great Quality, Print Cartridges Last A LONG Time
1	slap-up Quality, Print Cartridges Last A LONG Time
1	customer service
1	customer help
0	I found nothing wrong with this item 
0	I happen nothing wrong with this item 
0	Poor antenna design, charger jack wears out quickly.
0	Poor antenna design, charger squat wears out quickly.
1	Great deal for the money!
1	Great allot for the money!
1	Sound Quality, Appearance
1	Sound Quality, appearing
1	Pretty, lightweight, cheap
1	Pretty, lightweight, punk
1	Can make and receive calls usually without many problems.
1	Can make and receive forebode usually without many problems.
0	Doesn't work well with plain paper and uses a lot of ink
0	Doesn't solve well with plain paper and uses a hatful of ink
0	Video quality isn't that great&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Very bright flash
0	Video quality isn't that great&amp;#13;&AMP;#10;identical bright flash
0	batteries don't last long
0	batteries don't last foresightful
0	slow, poor quality camera, lousy usability
0	slow, poor quality camera, dirty usability
1	Great pictures (lab quality), great price
1	Great exposure (lab quality), great price
1	Print Quality, Color Printing
1	Print select, Color Printing
1	very clear photos
1	very exonerated photos
0	None worth highlighting.
0	None Worth highlighting.
0	Easy breakdown, Huge antenna, Flip open itself. HIGH radiation
0	comfortable breakdown, Huge antenna, Flip open itself. HIGH radiation
1	size, easy to learn, easy to use, configurable, multi-flash and multi-frame photography, short waiting time between pictures
1	size, light to learn, leisurely to utilize, configurable, multi-flash and multi-frame photography, short waiting time between pictures
1	USB cables, LCD screen
1	USB cables, LCD sieve
0	A little heavy and big.
0	A little heavy and self-aggrandising.
0	external blue light turns on for no reason
0	external blue light turns on for no cause
1	easy to use, saves money on film
1	easy to employ, saves money on film
0	None yet...
0	None however...
1	Clear, crisp print.  Quiet operation. Decent Value. Small footprint.
1	Clear, crisp print.  Quiet operation. Decent Value. pocket-size footprint.
1	Inexpensive, Smaller-Than-Pocket-Size
1	cheap, Smaller-Than-Pocket-Size
1	See Writeup
1	witness Writeup
0	prepaid minutes more expensive
0	prepaid moment more expensive
1	software is pretty good
1	software is pretty upright
1	Nice printing quality, affordable
1	Nice printing prize, affordable
1	Price (down to $99 now!) and convenience
1	toll (down to $99 now!) and convenience
0	Everybody wants to borrow it.
0	Everybody want to borrow it.
1	long battery life, easy access to phone book and web, good sound
1	recollective battery life, easy access to phone book and web, good legal
1	battery life, features, durable
1	battery sprightliness, features, durable
0	Pea soup green LCD,
0	Pea soup K LCD,
1	Dual LCD displays, compact design, lightweight & portable, sexy looking
1	Dual LCD displays, wad design, lightweight & portable, sexy looking
1	compact size, hidden antennae, games, calendar and calculator,
1	compact size, hidden antennae, back, calendar and calculator,
0	large printer
0	enceinte printer
1	Very fast, High Quality
1	Very fast, High prize
1	none
1	none
0	Not quite small enough for your pocket, average battery life
0	Not quite belittled enough for your pocket, average battery liveliness
1	Cheap Price - Great Family Printer
1	Cheap Price - Great kinfolk Printer
1	Size, quality, flexibility
1	Size, calibre, flexibility
1	Double canopy with see-thru window on stroller canopy, wheels lock for safety, good storage basket.
1	look-alike canopy with see-thru window on pushchair canopy, wheels lock for prophylactic, good storage basket.
0	Horrible quality phone.
0	horrifying quality phone.
1	Very colorful and pretty.
1	Very colorful and moderately.
0	price, uses new xD picture card
0	price, uses new xD movie card
1	high printing speeds, excellent quality printing, made for most printing jobs.
1	luxuriously printing speeds, excellent quality printing, cook for most printing jobs.
1	tiny, lightweight, ease of use
1	tiny, lightweight, ease of utilization
1	EASY TO USE, AND GOOD QUALITY PICTURES
1	EASY TO habit, AND GOOD QUALITY PICTURES
1	small, easy to use, many advanced features, accepts ibm microdrive
1	small, easy to habituate, many raise features, accepts ibm microdrive
1	Features: MP3 player, Camera, Radio, and lots more.
1	Features: MP3 player, Camera, Radio, and destiny more.
0	Sort of ugly
0	Sort of despicable
0	Shutter lag, flash recharge time, and proprietary memory.
0	Shutter lag, photoflash recharge time, and proprietary memory.
0	No optical viewfinder, Slow startup times, Slow image / thumbnail display 
0	No optical viewfinder, slowly startup times, easy image / thumbnail display 
0	feature, sliding buttons,
0	feature, slip buttons,
0	broke after one week, and replacement camera was also defective.
0	skint after one week, and replacement camera was too defective.
1	Good quality and speed to get the result
1	Good quality and speed to sire the result
1	Slim & attractive, loud ringer, nice large screen & keypad
1	Slim & attractive, loud ringer, nice prominent screen & keypad
0	A few quirky design flaws, ring options, menu system is more complex than needed
0	A few quirky invention flaws, ring options, menu system is more complex than involve
1	light, looks nice, many adjustments may be made to suit particular needs
1	promiscuous, count nice, many adjustments may be made to suit particular needs
1	Great, light, affordable!
1	Great, sparkle, affordable!
0	basket hard to reach
0	basket hard to accomplish
1	Small,discrete and lots of great features in a small pkg.
1	Small,discrete and lots of outstanding boast in a small pkg.
0	Signal clarity is iffy. Hard to use. Buttons too small.
0	signaling clarity is iffy. Hard to use. Buttons too lowly.
0	Somewhat noisy when paper is loading into printer
0	Somewhat noisy when paper is dilute into printer
0	Expensive, some features are more complicated to execute than needbe
0	Expensive, some feature are more complicated to run than needbe
1	Speakerphone, very easy to use.
1	Speakerphone, very easy to enjoyment.
0	3 text lines on display, bad battery life, none infrared port
0	3 text stemma on presentation, bad battery life, none infrared port
0	digital screen is a little hard to read, paper tray doesn't hold a lot
0	digital screen is a little knockout to read, paper tray doesn't wait a lot
0	Reverts to defaults every power-down, poor quality in less-than-optimal lighting
0	Reverts to defaults every power-down, miserable quality in less-than-optimal firing
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	Some neutered features, minuscule sailing issues, and poor external display planning.
0	reception not good, no colour background, monophonic ringtone.
0	reception not good, no colour backdrop, monophonic ringtone.
0	clarity, ease of use, and low cash value.  Skip it if possible.
0	clearness, relieve of use, and low cash value.  Skip it if possible.
0	Not as many features as higher models
0	Not as many features as gamey models
0	Battery Life
0	Battery liveliness
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	Looks and feels cheap, verbalise time less than promised, battery time is deceptive
0	Battery life
0	Battery biography
0	Compact isn't always better!
0	Compact isn't always wagerer!
1	photo-layering inexpensively, quiet
1	photo-layering inexpensively, smooth
0	Bad manual, doesn't fit my ear!
0	Bad manual, doesn't fit my pinna!
0	Awkward size, attacks other electronics, Phone looks stupid.
0	Awkward size, attacks other electronics, Phone expression stupid.
0	A little difficult to change printer cartridges
0	A minuscule difficult to change printer cartridges
0	Horrible service in the CNY area, poor video quality, snapshot noise when photo is taken
0	Horrible service in the CNY orbit, pathetic video quality, snapshot noise when photo is read
1	 Carl Zeiss Lens, portability, versatility, creative options
1	 Carl Zeiss Lens, portability, versatility, creative option
0	Plastic feel, not really clear
0	Plastic feel, not really solve
1	excellent print quality, amazing speed, cheap ink, nice design
1	excellent print quality, amazing speed, cheap ink, dainty design
1	A great value for the begginer
1	A expectant value for the begginer
1	Everything you need rolled up into one device
1	Everything you pauperization rolled up into one device
0	becoming dated by newer technology
0	become dated by newer technology
1	Excellent photographic quality.
1	Excellent photographic select.
1	Easy to hold, use
1	Easy to hold, expend
0	Not as small as some
0	Not as humble as some
1	Battery life, reception, durability, solid keys
1	Battery living, reception, durability, solid keys
0	None in my experience
0	None in my see
1	Speed, Color Quality
1	Speed, discolor Quality
0	LCD screens only have a six month lifespan, ringtones are quite sketchy
0	LCD blind only have a vi month lifespan, ringtones are quite sketchy
1	Low price, small footprint, simple.
1	Low toll, small footprint, simple.
0	Scan quality is not good for pictures. 
0	Scan quality is not right for pictures. 
0	VERY FEW FUNCTIONS, FRAGILE
0	VERY FEW office, FRAGILE
1	great battery life, easy to use menus, great quality
1	great battery life, easy to usance menus, great quality
1	Great looks, quality and price!
1	dandy looks, quality and price!
1	Easy to use, not very sophisticated
1	well-to-do to use, not very sophisticated
1	Compact, stylish, easy to use, 4 megapixels, great optics and more...
1	Compact, stylish, light to use, quartet megapixels, great optics and more...
0	Terrible, distorted sound quality on some handsets
0	Terrible, distorted fathom quality on some handsets
1	Great Print Quality
1	Great print Quality
1	2400 x 1200 dpi for photo's/graphics; 600 x 600 dpi for text; 4MB built-in RAM
1	2400 10 1200 dpi for photo's/graphics; 600 ecstasy 600 dpi for text; 4MB built-in crash
0	Could use better picture quality
0	Could use better picture lineament
0	None!
0	none!
0	packaged memory too small (16mb), short battery life, inconvenient charging process
0	packaged memory too minor (16mb), short battery life, inconvenient rouse process
1	easy to use 
1	wanton to use 
1	Lightweight, clear calls
1	Lightweight, readable calls
0	125'sec flash syncro., 320 ISO...
0	125'sec shoot syncro., 320 ISO...
1	Great reception, handy features, small and stylish.
1	Great reception, handy features, modest and stylish.
0	The tones are weak and can't be heard easily, even if turned up.
0	The tones are watery and can't be heard easily, even if rick up.
1	Speakerphone, large screen, top quality
1	Speakerphone, large shield, top quality
0	just the symbols on the buttons
0	just the symbols on the push
0	Battery life is too short. The "macro" feature is weaker than I hoped. 
0	Battery life is too short. The "macro" boast is weaker than iodin hoped. 
1	Small, lightweight, battery life
1	Small, lightweight, shelling life
0	poor picture quality, poor flash
0	poor see quality, poor flash
0	Still a little expensive
0	silent a little expensive
1	hey, it's four-in-one!
1	hey, it's four-in-one!
1	Best phone/PDA you could ask for - it's the best technology can offer!
1	full phone/PDA you could ask for - it's the unspoiled technology can offer!
0	not without limitations, settings are lost when batteries are changed
0	not without limitations, settings are recede when batteries are alter
0	none
0	none
1	Great Photo Prints
1	heavy Photo Prints
0	Larger than Canon S200
0	bigger than Canon S200
1	quality of print, speed
1	quality of print, zip
0	Slow startup, pictures not always "sharp" as film pictures
0	Slow startup, pictures not always "sharp" as shoot pictures
0	Battery Life, Ringer volume too low
0	Battery Life, Ringer volume too gloomy
0	With 420EX flash the camera feels badly balanced
0	With 420EX blink the camera feels badly balanced
1	good value, easy to use hardware
1	right value, easy to use hardware
1	Tri-mode capability (With Verizon).  Crisp, high resolution screen.  Great bells and whistles.
1	Tri-mode capability (With Verizon).  Crisp, high answer riddle.  Great bells and whistles.
0	NO FRILLS LIKE COLORS OR PICTURES
0	NO flounce LIKE COLORS OR PICTURES
0	Poor quality when zooming more than 1.5x; battery life somewhat short.
0	Poor choice when zooming more than 1.5x; battery spirit somewhat short.
1	Great pictures, quick turn around to send them on the internet...
1	peachy pictures, quick sprain around to send them on the internet...
0	Only holds 18 exposures, pictures can sometimes be grainy, no flash.
0	alone holds 18 exposures, pic can sometimes be grainy, no flash.
0	Paper load tray doesn't always load paper straight.  Software package not available for Win2k.
0	paper load tray doesn't always charge paper straight.  Software package not available for Win2k.
1	Lightweight, compact, easy to use, nice color screen
1	Lightweight, compact, easygoing to use, nice color screen
1	Wide Format printing up to 13x19, fast, heavy duty, well-built
1	encompassing Format printing up to 13x19, fast, laborious duty, well-built
0	Ink cartridges are pricey and difficult to refill.
0	Ink cartridges are costly and difficult to refill.
0	Expensive, Big and bulky
0	Expensive, swelled and bulky
1	Overall, excellent photos, battery life, internet updates, features
1	Overall, fantabulous photos, battery life, internet updates, features
0	Ink harder to find
0	Ink harder to see
1	Easy to use and maintain.  
1	Easy to purpose and maintain.  
1	hot flash shoe, 10x, pre-set modes, size, AA batteries. 
1	hot flash shoe, 10x, pre-set style, size, AA batteries. 
1	Cute Design
1	Cute intention
1	10X zoom, 4 megapixels, great battery life , 
1	10X zoom, 4 megapixels, outstanding battery life , 
0	Battery dies fast
0	Battery exit fast
0	No USB, uses 2CR5 batteries
0	No USB, expend 2CR5 batteries
0	Poor Output on 3rd party Photo Paper, Slightly fuzzy print on plain paper
0	Poor Output on 3rd party Photo wallpaper, Slightly fuzzy print on unornamented paper
0	slow to turn on, no automatic flash
0	dull to turn on, no automatic flash
1	Simplicity to operate
1	Simplicity to lock
1	Just a great little all round  phone.
1	Just a neat little all round  phone.
0	was expensive, not anymore
0	was expensive, not anymore
0	Battery life, Serial connection
0	Battery life, Serial connective
1	Palm Pilot and phone in one unit,
1	decoration Pilot and phone in one unit,
0	A little heavy. No 1600x1200 size setting.
0	A little heavy. No 1600x1200 size localize.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to usage
1	Sound Quality<p>Ease of Use<p> Camera Quality
1	Sound Quality<p>Ease of utilisation<p> Camera Quality
1	Excellent to handle.  Comfortable ride.  The canopy is perfect for those really sunny days.
1	Excellent to handle.  Comfortable tease.  The canopy is perfect for those really sunny daylight.
1	Great photo print quality, extremely low price of printer
1	capital photo print quality, extremely low price of printer
1	First really classy Verizon Phone, great size, voice activated dialing, vibrate and ring options
1	First really classy Verizon ring, great size, voice activated dialing, vibrate and telephone options
0	no viewfinder and pricey extras
0	no viewfinder and pricey duplicate
1	Cheap, nice form factor, looks nice.
1	Cheap, nice build factor, looks nice.
1	easy, compact, self timer
1	easy, heavyset, self timer
1	excellent picture quality, light weight, cheap ink, quiet.
1	excellent picture quality, light weight, cheap ink, quiesce.
0	Talk and ringer volume not loud, vibrates very softly, cannot download screensavers.
0	Talk and toller loudness not loud, vibrates very softly, cannot download screensavers.
0	None.
0	none.
1	Very good size, easy to follow programming, not fancy.
1	Very good size, well-to-do to follow programming, not fancy.
1	Light, stylish, easy to use
1	Light, stylish, leisurely to use
1	Easy to operate, even my youngest child (age 9) operates the camera with good results.
1	sluttish to operate, even my youngest fry (age nine) operates the camera with good results.
1	Inexpensive, setup is easy, works properly in Windows 98, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, setup is easygoing, mold properly in Windows 98, easy to use
1	call quality; reception; speakerphone; screen; aestestic; battery life; durability; build; keypad; overall user experience
1	promise quality; reception; speakerphone; covert; aestestic; battery life; durability; build; keypad; overall user experience
0	So-so software bundle, unimpressive LCD screen
0	So-so software bundle, unimpressive LCD riddle
1	mmmm...is that a trick question? I guess the SIM concept is OK.
1	mmmm...is that a trick motion? I guess the SIM concept is okeh.
1	Very easy to use right out of the box
1	Very easy to use veracious out of the box
1	Sleek design. It has everything you could ever want in a PCS phone.
1	satiny pattern. It has everything you could ever want in a PCS phone.
1	Very light, portable, simple to operate
1	Very sluttish, portable, simple to operate
0	Does not last
0	practice not last
0	N/A
0	northward/A
1	Super small, bright LCD display, 2.0 megapixels, flash, solid construction, 
1	topnotch little, bright LCD display, 2.0 megapixels, flash, solid construction, 
0	not for 2 small children
0	not for 2 minor children
1	size picture quality good if not using zoom
1	size picture timbre good if not using zoom
1	When it works, it's OK
1	When it works, it's ok
1	Its small and compact with great features.
1	Its small and covenant with great features.
0	The battery life like any phone isn't that great.
0	The battery life like any telephone isn't that great.
1	Ease of use and features built in
1	comfort of use and features built in
0	Expensive consumables (total up to around $175/year).
0	Expensive consumables (sum up to around $175/year).
0	Cannot download saved names
0	Cannot download saved make
1	Lots of features for the money.  Great Pictures.
1	Lots of features for the money.  neat Pictures.
1	Very cheap for the features.  User friendly.  
1	Very chintzy for the features.  User friendly.  
1	Excellent photo quality and lots of great features!
1	Excellent photo quality and lots of gravid features!
1	Compact size, feature packed, easy to use, great battery & of course, the blue backlight
1	thickset size, feature packed, easy to use, great battery & of course, the drear backlight
1	nice printing, high quality
1	nice impression, high quality
1	Cool light effects, compact size, changeable covers, speaker phone
1	Cool light effects, compact size, changeable handle, speaker phone
0	rather large
0	rather prominent
1	Size
1	sizing
0	battery consumption
0	battery intake
1	Affordable, good quality
1	Affordable, just quality
0	Some might not like the unorthodox style. (try the 6610 instead).
0	some might not like the unorthodox panache. (try the 6610 instead).
0	DO NOT PURCHASE THROUGH VERIZON WIRELESS!!!
0	DO NOT PURCHASE THROUGH VERIZON radiocommunication!!!
0	slightly expensive
0	slimly expensive
0	A little loud, EXPENSIVE ink cartridges
0	A slight loud, EXPENSIVE ink cartridges
0	No reception anywhere. locks up, have to remove battery to unlock.
0	No reception anywhere. ringlet up, have to dispatch battery to unlock.
1	Double Sided Printing, High Speed, Many Print Options, Versatile
1	look-alike Sided Printing, High Speed, Many Print Options, Versatile
1	Price:  Often "free" with a multi-year plan; balance of features, reliability.
1	Price:  oft "free" with a multi-year plan; residuum of features, reliability.
0	Pictures not as clear as I have seen from other cameras.
0	figure not as elucidate as I have seen from other cameras.
1	Compact Size, Many Features, Customizeable Covers, Low Cost
1	Compact Size, Many Features, Customizeable track, Low Cost
1	Price
1	toll
0	falsely advertised -- printer is not compatible with MS Word, Appleworks, Final Draft
0	falsely publicize -- printer is not compatible with MS discussion, Appleworks, Final Draft
1	Fast burst photo mode
1	Fast fit photo mode
0	No Remote Control, Not as durable as the 3000 Zoom
0	No Remote command, Not as durable as the 3000 zoom
0	ink price
0	ink toll
0	Battery goes fast, manual settings are hard to get right, 
0	Battery goes fast, manual mount are hard to contract right, 
0	None
0	none
1	Feature rich&#13;&#10;Fairly durable&#13;&#10;Good battery life
1	Feature racy&#13;&#10;moderately durable&#13;&#10;Good battery life
0	HQ Video Only Lasts 15 seconds, only 8 mb stick included
0	HQ Video Only finish 15 seconds, only 8 mb nonplus included
1	print quality
1	print tone
1	Many useful and handy features.
1	Many utile and handy features.
1	It is small and looks sleek and trendy.
1	It is small and looks streamlined and trendy.
0	Not the best pictures. I expected better.
0	Not the best pictures. I await better.
1	really easy to use, offers many, many features
1	really easy to employment, offers many, many features
1	easy-to-use, inexpensive, compact, marginal image quality
1	easy-to-use, inexpensive, compact, marginal visualize quality
0	clunky, buggy, broke, looks cheap
0	clunky, buggy, soften, looks cheap
0	I am now waiting for my fifth replacement.
0	I am now waiting for my 5th replacement.
1	Good print quality, scanner option, irDa built in, built in sheet feeder, 
1	salutary print quality, scanner selection, irDa built in, built in sheet feeder, 
0	only 2 aperture settings, pricey, no USB
0	only 2 aperture mount, pricey, no USB
0	picks up your surroundings more than other phones
0	peck up your surroundings more than other phones
1	Easiest phone to use, once learned.&#13;&#10;Awsome quality, durability, and battery.
1	promiscuous phone to use, once teach.&#13;&#10;Awsome quality, durability, and battery.
0	No alphabetical sorted phone list.  Battery Life seems much less than Startac 7768.
0	nobelium alphabetical sorted phone list.  Battery spirit seems much less than Startac 7768.
1	great options
1	great pick
1	easy to scroll through pictures
1	easy to scroll through project
1	easy to use, great pictures, lower cost
1	easy to use, great pictures, low-down cost
0	over-packaged, horribly expensive ink cartridges
0	over-packaged, horribly expensive ink magazine
0	Very slow snap-shooting response - has no case, lens cap can easily be lost
0	Very slow snap-shooting response - has no casing, lens roof can easily be lost
1	Could be a nice for those new to cellular phones, good selection of features.
1	Could be a nice for those newly to cellular phones, adept selection of features.
0	Does not come bundled with a PC card reader
0	Does not come bundled with a PC bill reader
1	Sharp f2.0 Zeiss lens, Excellent picture quality, Cheap high capacity storage media &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	acuate f2.zero Zeiss lens, Excellent picture quality, Cheap high capacity storehouse media &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	Big screen, good battery life, percipient connection, quality camera
0	heavy, bulky, only 2 recline options
0	profound, bulky, only 2 recline options
0	Horrendous battery life, flimsy quality.
0	Horrendous battery life, flimsy timbre.
1	Little, cute, good sound
1	piddling, cute, good sound
0	shorter battery life than id like 
0	shorter battery aliveness than id like 
0	it's HUGE!!! Limitations on paper types
0	it's vast!!! Limitations on paper types
0	Cost of ink cartridges.
0	Cost of ink magazine.
0	Lousy reception, long boot times, software "hangs", simply an unreliable cell phone
0	Lousy reception, long flush times, software "hangs", only an unreliable cell phone
1	Astounding design allows for flip to a full "qwerty" keyboard. This enables easy text messaging.
1	astonish design admit for toss to a full "qwerty" keyboard. This enables easy text messaging.
0	Sound quality seems inconsistent. Not sure if it is the phone or service.
0	Sound quality seems inconsistent. Not sure if it is the earpiece or serve.
0	The 2200 is in short supply- and 7 inks aren't cheap!
0	The 2200 is in shortstop supply- and sevener inks aren't cheap!
1	good and cheap
1	just and cheap
1	Very good for the price
1	Very undecomposed for the price
1	LOW LOW Price. Easy To Use.
1	small LOW Price. Easy To Use.
0	the buttons might be somewhat difficult to use for someone with large fingers
0	the buttons might be somewhat difficult to exercise for someone with turgid fingers
1	Camera takes great quality pictures.  SD Card and small size.
1	Camera adopt great quality pictures.  SD placard and small size.
1	All-in-one, Price
1	All-in-one, terms
1	Easy-to-use; Great pic quality; &amp;quot;SuperCool&amp;quot; technology for instant gratification
1	Easy-to-use; Great pic quality; &AMP;quot;SuperCool&amp;quot; technology for minute gratification
0	Bulky, Ringer not loud enough, Front screen is small and not very sharp/clear
0	Bulky, Ringer not loud enough, Front screen is humble and not very sharp/illuminate
1	Small, lightweight
1	humble, lightweight
0	it doesn't do the dishes.
0	it doesn't do the smasher.
1	Small but big enough to hold in your hand
1	low but big enough to hold in your hand
1	Voice activated dialing, small and lightweight, good battery life.
1	Voice activated dialing, small and lightweight, near battery life.
1	small, reliable and you can change colors to fit any mood!
1	small, reliable and you can change emblazon to outfit any mood!
0	battery hog
0	battery squealer
0	Poor battery life, limited accessories.
0	pathetic battery life, limited accessories.
0	No RAW mode
0	No RAW fashion
1	See Review Above
1	catch Review Above
0	a little pricey
0	a footling pricey
0	size and shape
0	size and flesh
0	Experienced phone users may find it too simplistic.
0	Experienced ring users may find it too simplistic.
1	Easy to change faceplates, easy to use
1	Easy to change faceplates, wanton to use
1	Extremely easy to push, well built
1	Extremely slowly to push, well built
1	Coolness Factor, size
1	Coolness ingredient, size
1	Great color, Individual ink tanks
1	bully color, Individual ink tanks
1	Low Price, Standard Printing, Photo Compatable, great value! Must buy.
1	Low Price, Standard Printing, Photo Compatable, great rate! Must steal.
1	small and portable
1	belittled and portable
0	Paper input jams frequently, lawsuit pending
0	Paper input obturate frequently, lawsuit pending
1	Speed, Speed, Speed and not at the cost of quality or ink
1	hie, Speed, accelerate and not at the cost of quality or ink
0	Flash sensor STUPIDLY placed too close to shutter finger, slow autofocus
0	brassy sensor STUPIDLY placed too close to shutter finger, sluggish autofocus
1	Fancy, Compact, Clear, Excellent Phone
1	Fancy, thickset, Clear, Excellent Phone
1	Great quality print--both text and images, including photos, quick set-up, 1200 x 1200 resulotion
1	keen quality print--both text and ikon, including photos, quick set-up, 1200 x 1200 resulotion
1	Something to do during boring lectures.
1	Something to do during ho-hum lectures.
1	Great resolution, features, and ergonomics (But read the manual)
1	Great answer, features, and ergonomics (But read the manual)
1	Extremely small &amp; lightweight - , Intuitive user interface &amp; button layout - , Fair picture quality
1	Extremely small &amp; jackanapes - , Intuitive user interface &amp; button layout - , bonnie picture quality
0	Screen could be brighter, weak battery for talk time
0	Screen could be brighter, weak battery for talk sentence
0	3 wheels are better than 4
0	3 wheels are punter than 4
1	10x optical zoom, ease of use, floppy disk inserts when taking pictures.
1	10x optical zoom, ease of use, floppy disk enter when contract pictures.
1	Great features, small package
1	Great features, small parcel
0	many helpful (but not necessary) accessories not included
0	many helpful (but not essential) accessories not included
0	Rather cheaply made &amp; expensive cartridges
0	Rather cheaply build &amp; expensive cartridges
0	consume ink like big SUV's with gas
0	consume ink like boastful SUV's with gas
0	Price
0	cost
1	SMALL SIZE, good battery life, ease of use.
1	SMALL SIZE, sound battery life, ease of use.
1	Takes great outdoor photos in good light, easy to carry, easy auto operation.
1	read great outdoor photos in good light, easy to carry, slowly auto operation.
1	Innovative LCD screen, versatile, well-designed and executed camera
1	Innovative LCD covert, versatile, well-designed and executed camera
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Easy hookup and installation.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great print quality and speed.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	tardily hookup and installation.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great print choice and upper.&amp;#13;&amp;#ten;
0	Light Sensitivity, Zoom Limitations, 
0	Light Sensitivity, zoom Limitations, 
0	SLOW COLOR PRINTING, black text quality is only average, body of printer feels cheap
0	SLOW COLOR impression, black text quality is only average, body of printer feels gaudy
1	Durability, interface, sound quality
1	Durability, interface, healthy quality
0	batteries used up very fast, no optical zoom
0	batteries used up very libertine, no optical zoom
1	Takes sharp pictures, loads directly onto my computer
1	return sharp pictures, loads directly onto my computer
1	Slick, small, easy to carry, operates oversea
1	pat, small, easy to carry, operates oversea
0	Controls are basic, no ac adapter
0	control are basic, no ac adapter
1	Small, stores lots of numbers, wireless Internet capable.
1	minuscule, stores lots of numbers, wireless Internet capable.
1	Print quality, low-ink warning, easy set-up, great price
1	Print quality, low-ink warning, easy set-up, great terms
0	no complaints
0	no charge
1	Relatively quick, durable
1	Relatively flying, durable
0	Phone is constructed very poorly.
0	Phone is make very poorly.
1	Looks great, easy to use, many features
1	Looks great, easy to use, many boast
0	battery life, only 1.3 
0	battery life, only unity.3 
0	But try something as simple as attaching a protective UV Filter.
0	simply try something as round-eyed as attaching a protective UV Filter.
0	everything
0	everything
1	Easy to use/Battery life/camera and video.
1	Easy to role/Battery life/camera and video.
0	Not upgradeable for more storage!
0	Not upgradeable for more memory!
1	overall design, options, color
1	overall design, options, semblance
0	dark screen with cluttered display, slow processing time of photos
0	colored filmdom with cluttered display, slow processing time of photos
0	none
0	none
1	 love the color accuracy
1	 love the emblazon accuracy
0	uses batteries up quickly
0	utilisation batteries up quickly
1	Easy to use, Takes decent photographs
1	gentle to use, Takes decent photographs
0	Slow print time
0	decelerate print time
0	Came with 8mb card, no rechargeable batteries, auto ISO in dark situations not good.
0	do with 8mb menu, no rechargeable batteries, auto ISO in dark situations not good.
0	too many options that not many people will actually use
0	too many choice that not many people will really use
1	Great pix, easy to use
1	Great pix, easy to utilise
0	drivers caused problem with printer port, had to call tech support. But even that was a good experience in the end.
0	drivers do problem with printer port, had to predict tech support. But even that was a beneficial feel in the end.
1	quality product w/good output. Quiet and affordable
1	quality product w/good output. placidity and affordable
0	Sometimes feeds too much paper or jams, so don't leave it unattended.
0	Sometimes feeds too much paper or jams, so don't forget it neglected.
1	Comfort, Call clarity, Good design
1	Comfort, Call clarity, honest design
0	Colour Tanks Should Be Bigger.
0	Colour tank Should Be Bigger.
1	Protected keys/screen w/flip, lots of features, very light and compact
1	Protected tonality/screen w/flip, lots of features, very fall and compact
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	vauntingly size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
1	nice size, nice features like calender, calculator
1	nice size, prissy features like calender, calculator
1	What good is a palm, mp3 player if the phone won't work?
1	What good is a palm, mp3 actor if the earpiece won't work?
1	Phone is loud on the ears, no more walking outside a noisy environment to hear.
1	Phone is cheap on the ears, no more walking external a noisy environment to see.
0	Durability, Customer Service
0	durability, Customer Service
0	Still only 12 spaces for names, 8500 in a new 3500 body!
0	Still only 12 place for diagnose, 8500 in a new 3500 body!
1	hmmm?
1	hmmm?
0	price
0	cost
0	high price
0	luxuriously price
0	SHORT and I mean SHORT lifespan!!!!!!!!!!!
0	curtly and I mean SHORT lifespan!!!!!!!!!!!
1	ease to use, quality of images
1	ease to use, quality of ikon
1	Awesome closeups, amazing detail, automatic settings take wonderful shots
1	Awesome closeups, amazing detail, automatic settings involve wonderful shots
0	Not very fast
0	Not very degenerate
1	Reasonably priced. Easy to use, very good output quality.
1	Reasonably priced. Easy to utilisation, very good output quality.
1	at least it wasn't take expensive
1	at least it wasn't require expensive
1	long battery life
1	prospicient battery life
1	Very inexpinsive
1	very inexpinsive
1	2.1 Megapixel, cheap, easy to use
1	two.1 Megapixel, cheap, easy to use
1	Quality photos and very versatile.
1	Quality pic and very versatile.
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
1	Good sound, response, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone Book, transflash
1	Fabulous Color Screen, Incredible Size, Ergonomic, and Better Battery Life.
1	Fabulous colouring Screen, Incredible Size, Ergonomic, and best Battery Life.
0	A bit pricey
0	A act pricey
0	Eats the Ink!
0	deplete the Ink!
0	Turns off on it's own, poor reception, poor quality phone
0	plow off on it's own, poor reception, poor quality headphone
1	Awesome quality, no cords, floppy disk feature is great!
1	Awesome quality, no cords, floppy disk have is great!
1	Hmm.  None that come to mind.
1	Hmm.  None that come to judgment.
1	Cheap, effective, perfect for a college student.
1	trashy, effective, perfect for a college student.
0	Scanner damages photos. Print quality stinks at any setting.
0	Scanner damages pic. Print quality stinks at any setting.
0	Runs through batteries
0	draw through batteries
1	light weight, stylish, 3 position recline, fully reclines, one-hand folding, parent tray, large storage basket
1	promiscuous weight, stylish, 3 position recline, amply reclines, one-hand folding, parent tray, turgid storage basket
0	Buttons rattle a bit, only available through Cingular so AT&T customers are out of luck
0	Buttons rale a prick, only available through Cingular so AT&t customers are out of luck
1	size, quality of photos, features, ease of use.
1	size, quality of photos, features, still of use.
1	Good Quality Pictures, Nice Zoom
1	good Quality Pictures, Nice Zoom
0	Eats up ink fast
0	Eats up ink quick
1	small design
1	belittled design
0	no email, slider takes getting used to
0	no email, slider yield getting used to
0	16MB Compact Flash Memory inadequate for this camera!
0	16MB pack Flash Memory inadequate for this camera!
0	Camera locks up when writing to media. Camera operation not user-friendly.  
0	Camera locks up when indite to media. Camera surgery not user-friendly.  
0	The big $400 pricetag, some customization limitations
0	The enceinte $400 pricetag, some customization limitations
1	excellent picture quality; 10x optical zoom; SLR style view finder.
1	excellent exposure quality; 10x optical zoom; SLR style watch finder.
1	Packed with great info and software
1	jammed with great info and software
1	Just the right amount of features, removable floppy
1	good the right amount of features, removable floppy
1	Small, affordable
1	pocket-sized, affordable
1	Good (intended) multifunctionality in a single device.  Decent InkJet copier
1	soundly (intended) multifunctionality in a single gimmick.  Decent InkJet copier
1	Lots of Storage!
1	gobs of Storage!
0	Key Guard must be used to prevent accidental calls
0	Key Guard must be used to prevent accidental outcry
1	Quiet. Crisp output.
1	Quiet. nappy output.
0	use of features, batter life
0	use of features, batter biography
1	picture quality,battery life,LCD monitor,handling, value. manual control, nice lense
1	picture quality,battery life,LCD monitor,handling, value. manual manipulate, prissy lense
0	Camera, I don't think so.
0	Camera, 1 don't think so.
1	fast, quiet, dependable, quality printing
1	fast, quiet, dependable, prime printing
0	sound quality, phonebook, backlighting, belt holster, battery life
0	good quality, phonebook, backlighting, belt holster, battery life
1	Wireless Web (basic web is completely free!).  Great size and battery Life.
1	Wireless vane (basic web is completely free!).  Great size and battery life.
0	none I can think of
0	none I can consider of
0	must purchase $25.00 cable for installation
0	moldiness purchase $25.00 cable for installation
0	None
0	none
0	Power consumption; should be sold with the 'optional' power kit included.
0	tycoon consumption; should be deal with the 'optional' power kit included.
1	All the features in a compact case!
1	All the features in a compact eccentric!
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
0	the keys startle to skuff the body, bad design.
1	Prints accurate pictures (in color and black/white), easy to use, efficient.
1	Prints accurate pictures (in color and black/gabardine), easy to consumption, efficient.
0	Bulky for a newer cell phone, durability average
0	Bulky for a newer cell phone, durability mean
0	none
0	none
1	Clear, sharp text printing in black ink and reasonably priced.
1	exculpated, sharp text printing in dim ink and reasonably priced.
0	Ink is in one cartridge and cost 29 - 35 dollars each.
0	Ink is in one cartridge and price 29 - 35 dollar each.
1	The next generation, all the features, good price
1	The next generation, all the features, skillful price
1	Cheap, Bundled with Good Software
1	Cheap, bundle with Good Software
1	Picks up a signal everywhere, great for traveling, sturdy, not too small, a dependable cellphone.
1	Picks up a signal everywhere, great for journey, sturdy, not too pocket-size, a good cellphone.
1	Small and Light
1	Small and light
0	phone display freezes and goes blank. can't download personal photos to screen saver.
0	earpiece display freezes and die blank. can't download personal photos to screen saver.
1	easy to use, low price, uses flash memory
1	easy to use, low price, utilisation flash memory
0	Weird external flash out, options in menus are layers deep
0	Weird external flare out, options in menus are layers abstruse
0	Heavy when folded, expensive.
0	heavily when folded, expensive.
0	Higher quality printing can be sluggish, somewhat of an ink hog.
0	Higher caliber printing can be sluggish, fairly of an ink hog.
0	Address book, menus, backlighting
0	Address book, carte, backlighting
1	color prints are amazing
1	color prints are stick
1	light weight, good construction
1	light weight, adept construction
0	It does cost more money then others.
0	It does be more money then others.
1	Easy to carry, lightweight, great pics, awesome features for such a small camera
1	well-heeled to gestate, lightweight, great pics, awesome features for such a small camera
0	Software Freeze up
0	Software freezing up
1	It gave Toshiba the bad reputation it so richly deserves.
1	It gift Toshiba the bad reputation it so extravagantly deserves.
0	Nothing really so far, but ring tones are silly
0	aught really so far, but ring tones are silly
0	Low Resolution
0	low-toned Resolution
1	Ease of Use w/ Numerous Camera Features
1	Ease of Use w/ Numerous Camera feature
0	 Small 4MB Memory Stick, Poor image quality, No viewfinder
0	 Small 4MB retentivity Stick, Poor image quality, No viewfinder
0	not expensive enough!
0	not expensive plenty!
1	Small, attractive, excellent sound and signal reception, LOTS of features
1	little, attractive, excellent sound and signal reception, LOTS of feature
1	came with free software
1	came with gratis software
1	small, many fine features available with great plans
1	small, many fine features available with keen plans
0	Clumsy/inconsistent user interface, questionable battery life, poor mfg support, somewhat weak reception.
0	Clumsy/inconsistent user interface, questionable battery life, poor mfg funding, somewhat infirm reception.
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
0	particular dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead-in to very embarassing instant, no sent to VM.
0	not as fast as some
0	not as debauched as some
1	amazing print quality, beautiful prints
1	perplex print quality, beautiful prints
0	Processor is underpowered. Short battery life.
0	Processor is underpowered. short battery life.
1	Cheap, Color, Economic Ink feature
1	Cheap, emblazon, Economic Ink feature
1	Easily upgradable, excellent customer support
1	Easily upgradable, excellent customer living
0	USB Cable not included
0	USB Cable not include
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
0	WEAK hover! I can never flavour the vibrate on this phone!
0	Can only purchase accessories from ATT
0	john only purchase accessories from ATT
0	can drop it 4 feet and it still works
0	can drop it 4 feet and it tranquilize works
1	RCA Jack
1	RCA jackstones
1	Great camera for beginers.
1	big camera for beginers.
1	Dual cartridge unit, (Black/Color), can use a photo cartridge.
1	Dual cartridge unit, (melanise/Color), can manipulation a photo cartridge.
0	Scrathes Easy
0	Scrathes well-to-do
1	Size, looks, FM-radio capability, battery life, game options
1	Size, bet, FM-radio capability, battery life, game options
1	No monthly charges, long battery life, attractive design, durable
1	No monthly charges, long battery spirit, attractive design, durable
0	Everything else
0	Everything else
1	Ease of Use, Good Basic Color Printer
1	Ease of Use, salutary Basic Color Printer
0	Auto focus in low light and flash isn't great when using the zoom.  Typical with most auto-focus cameras.
0	Auto concentrate in low light-headed and flash isn't neat when using the zoom.  Typical with most auto-focus cameras.
1	compact, good pictures, looks like the popular &amp;quot;Elph&amp;quot;
1	thick, good fancy, looks like the popular &amp;quot;Elph&amp;quot;
1	compact, fast, quiet, high quality prints, separate envelope and paper feeds, pretty good cost/page
1	compact, dissipated, lull, high quality prints, separate envelope and paper feeds, pretty full cost/page
1	picture quality and battery power
1	picture prize and battery power
1	can pull in a signal where others can't.
1	can displume in a signal where others can't.
1	6X Optical Zoom.  Easily connects to PC. Expandable Memory.  Professional Camera Feel.  
1	6X Optical Zoom.  easily connects to PC. Expandable Memory.  Professional Camera feel.  
0	Horrible user manual and insulting manufacturer support.
0	Horrible user manual and insulting manufacturer endorse.
1	Lightweight, simple, sleek looking, display screen.
1	Lightweight, simple, sleek count, display screen.
1	Great looking printer
1	slap-up looking printer
1	Long battery life, easy to use, tiny, and a nice blue light
1	Long battery life, wanton to use, tiny, and a nice blue luminousness
1	easy, point and shoot, good quality pictures
1	easy, guide and shoot, good quality pictures
0	Heavy and bulky for smaller cars, rear is a little open on the stroller.
0	Heavy and bulky for smaller cars, prat is a little clear on the stroller.
1	Retains some of the traditional SLR styling
1	continue some of the traditional SLR styling
0	The 5100 series faceplates don't fit the 5165 without buying new keypads.
0	The 5100 series faceplates don't set the 5165 without buying Modern keypads.
0	Difficult getting microdive/compact flash out of camera
0	Difficult acquire microdive/compact flash out of camera
1	Inexpensive and light weight.
1	Inexpensive and dismount weight.
1	This phone is stylish, compact, has a great external speaker
1	This phone is stylish, wad, has a cracking external speaker
0	Cost of getting a rechargeable battery
0	Cost of suffer a rechargeable battery
0	none..yet
0	none..heretofore
0	Slow
0	decelerate
1	Awesome pictures (even in low light!) light weight, good build quality, good zoom, great interface!
1	Awesome pictures (even in low light!) sparkle weight, commodity build quality, beneficial zoom, great interface!
0	A little pricey
0	A little high-priced
1	Compact Size, Stylish, ergonomic design, 14 scene modes, amazing macro function.
1	Compact Size, Stylish, ergonomic design, 14 scene modality, awe-inspiring macro function.
0	HEAVY, QUIRKY, CUMBERSOME
0	HEAVY, QUIRKY, inept
1	Sweet color changing face and the size
1	angelic color changing face and the size
1	I love the easy access and not hard to get things.
1	I love the loose access and not hard to have things.
0	ribbons a bit pricey
0	decoration a bit pricey
1	Ring Tones, Compact, Acceptable Clarity, menu's are user friendly
1	Ring Tones, Compact, acceptable Clarity, menu's are user friendly
0	Slow Printing
0	boring Printing
1	good build quality, good price, great menus
1	good frame quality, good price, great menus
0	no zoom
0	no soar
0	eats up batteries pretty quickly, like any other digital camera
0	rust up batteries pretty quickly, ilk any other digital camera
1	same as fd81, easy of use 
1	same as fd81, well-situated of use 
0	Ink doesn't last long...and...You gotta read the manual!
0	Ink doesn't last prospicient...and...You gotta translate the manual!
0	The paper catcher on the front is my only complaint.
0	The paper catcher on the battlefront is my only charge.
1	Fits in your pocket, easy to use.
1	Fits in your pocket, easy to consumption.
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
0	A few fairly minor hiccup
0	Could have been a little more compact
0	Could have been a little more stocky
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	Battery spirit, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable selection, crystal-clear display
1	Size, ease of use, secure holster, loud rings
1	Size, ease of use, secure holster, loud annulus
1	uhhh the aligator display is cute?
1	uhhh the aligator display is precious?
1	Large Speed dial, Pay as you go plan, durable
1	magnanimous Speed dial, Pay as you go plan, durable
1	great phone. has tons of features
1	great phone. has oodles of features
1	excellent picture quality, easy use
1	excellent picture quality, easy expend
1	Everything!
1	Everything!
0	Silly non-rechargeable batteries included. Included case doesn't fit the camera
0	dizzy non-rechargeable batteries included. Included case doesn't outfit the camera
1	Size, weight, good choice of ring tones, durable, and memo feature is also very useful.
1	Size, weight, soundly choice of ring timbre, long-lived, and memo feature is also very useful.
1	Great quality prints, easy to install, looks cool
1	Great quality prints, easy to install, spirit cool
0	Unless you buy a multimedia card it's worthless.
0	Unless you purchase a multimedia card it's worthless.
0	not very sturdy at all, I almost broke it twice in 3 days
0	not very sturdy at all, I almost bust it twice in trine days
1	Small size, vibrant screen, long battery life, one solid piece, good clear calls
1	Small size, vibrant cover, long battery life, one solid pick, good clear calls
1	Compact, Quiet, Clean print both black and white and color
1	Compact, Quiet, unobjectionable print both black and white and colorize
1	- Speed, - Instant dry ink, - separate big ink tanks, - BRILLIANT photo prints
1	- Speed, - Instant dry ink, - ramify big ink tanks, - bright photo prints
0	battery usage
0	battery exercise
1	Quiet, fast, great color quality
1	still, fast, great color quality
1	Cute and small, Number storage, dual mode, minibrowser, price went down a lot.
1	Cute and small, Number storage, dual mode, minibrowser, price travel down a mass.
0	a bit cumbersome
0	a spot cumbersome
1	Not too pricey
1	Not too pricy
1	Pure awesome, and that's coming from a man who hates cells.
1	gross awesome, and that's coming from a homo who hates cells.
1	great zoom lens
1	bang-up zoom lens
1	SLR viewing, spot metering, multiple exposure options.
1	SLR viewing, recognize metering, multiple exposure options.
1	Direct Connect, very durable, battery life
1	Direct Connect, very durable, battery living
0	lots of technical problems
0	muckle of technical problems
1	Looks great and sounds great.
1	Looks great and sounds expectant.
0	costly battery runs out fast. Especially in cold weather. 
0	costly barrage runs out fast. Especially in cold weather. 
0	UI far from Nokia class
0	UI FAR from Nokia class
1	Loud Speakerphone, MP3 Ringtones, Good Battery Life
1	Loud Speakerphone, MP3 Ringtones, Good battery Life
0	Don't lose the manual, you WILL need a larger memory card and rechargable batteries
0	Don't lose the manual, you volition penury a larger memory card and rechargable batteries
0	looks, ring- tones
0	looks, ring- timbre
0	It rarely works, drinks ink like water
0	It rarely works, salute ink like water
1	Size, Features, Sound Quality, Battery Life, Reception, Voice Dial, Menu
1	Size, boast, Sound Quality, Battery Life, Reception, vocalization Dial, Menu
0	Not quite as indestructible as higher priced cameras, 6.1 megapixel myth
0	Not quite as indestructible as higher priced cameras, sextet.single megapixel myth
1	Good metering, High quality, sharp and very fast 5x optical zoom lens
1	Good metering, High quality, astute and very fast 5x optical zoom lense
0	the only con is i don't have more free minutes to use it!!!!
0	the only con is i don't have more destitute minutes to consumption it!!!!
1	small, simple, cheap
1	small, simple, trashy
0	Prints off center.  Jams.  No easy repairs.  Ultra-expensive cartridges.
0	Prints off core.  Jams.  No easy repairs.  Ultra-expensive cartridges.
1	Small, lightweight, easy to use, and affordable.  
1	Small, lightweight, easy to utilize, and affordable.  
0	Battery tends to go dead fast.
0	Battery tends to conk dead fast.
1	Steers well, lightweight, easy to use, fits through doors
1	Steers well, lightweight, prosperous to use, fits through doors
1	Takes up little desk space, easy install
1	bring up little desk space, easy install
1	Image quality, battery life, hot-shoe for ext. flash
1	Image quality, battery life, hot-shoe for ext. garish
1	Tough printer, easy to use, inexpensive, fast, quality printing.
1	yob printer, easy to use, inexpensive, fast, quality printing.
1	battery life, cost, included cables and AC Adapter, RCA video-out signal
1	battery liveliness, cost, included cables and AC transcriber, RCA video-out signal
0	Poor user interface, chintzy-feeling, weird joystick, Bluetooth problems
0	short user interface, chintzy-feeling, weird joystick, Bluetooth problems
0	Flakey drivers, compact flash reader not that useful, missing next-generation features
0	Flakey drivers, contract flashing reader not that useful, missing next-generation features
1	Loaded with features at less cost than Motorola
1	pie-eyed with features at less cost than Motorola
0	$100 more, kind of big compared to traditional camera
0	$100 more, kind of cock-a-hoop compared to traditional camera
1	Great image quality, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity.
1	Great image quality, keen soar, great battery life, and great connectivity.
0	digital zoom distorts pixels
0	digital zoom twine pixels
1	Long talk time; Nice display; Good sound and commands
1	Long talk time; Nice display; unspoiled sound and commands
1	great print quality
1	majuscule print quality
1	Charge time, charger size
1	thrill time, charger size
1	Small, long battery life, changable faceplates, GSM features
1	Small, foresightful battery life, changable faceplates, GSM features
1	inexpensive, easy to use, reliable
1	inexpensive, tardily to use, reliable
0	Price, Color, PC Cable sold separately,
0	Price, discolor, PC Cable sold separately,
0	not very good for small babies, not very well padded
0	not very dear for small babies, not very intimately padded
1	great photos,can be found on sale
1	great photos,can be launch on sale
0	Battery life with prolonged bluetooth usage.
0	Battery life with extend bluetooth usage.
0	Volume control adjustment
0	Volume verify adjustment
1	Good RF performance, nokia menu easy to use. Profiles rock! Great battery life.
1	Good RF functioning, nokia menu slowly to use. Profiles rock! Great battery life.
0	Poor reception in some areas
0	Poor reception in some area
1	small, easy to use
1	small, well-situated to use
0	Battery life, battery life, more memory
0	barrage life, battery life, more memory
0	Bad design, bad reliability, scorchingly poor customer service.
0	Bad conception, bad reliability, scorchingly poor customer service.
0	Service sucks, feels and sounds like a Walkie-talkie, Size, ugly.
0	Service sucks, spirit and sounds like a Walkie-talkie, size, ugly.
1	Small easy to navigate phone
1	Small comfortable to navigate phone
1	Economical rate plan
1	sparing rate plan
0	flip is a little loose, hard to see screen without backlight, a little slow menus
0	somersault is a small loose, hard to see screen without backlight, a little boring menus
0	Big and Bulky, Pricey
0	vainglorious and Bulky, Pricey
0	uses batteries like crazy
0	utilise batteries like crazy
1	Good call quality, decent pictures and a micro SD slot
1	right name quality, decent pictures and a micro SD slot
0	None that I have come across
0	None that 1 have come across
0	expensive cartridges
0	expensive cartridge
1	The camera is fairly easy to use.
1	The camera is fairly soft to use.
0	LCD display extremely dim
0	LCD display extremely slow
1	Stylish, comfy for newborns and older kids, easy to clean.
1	Stylish, comfy for newborn and older kidskin, easy to clean.
1	Solid casing. Sharp, clear images. Easy to use. Good documentation. No expensive proprietary components.  
1	Solid casing. penetrating, clear images. Easy to use. safe documentation. No expensive proprietary components.  
1	Great phone. Stays charged for a long period of time. Low Price.
1	Great earpiece. Stays charged for a long period of time. depression Price.
0	Speakerphone doesn't work that well, neither does voice dialing.
0	Speakerphone doesn't work that well, neither does representative dialing.
0	Papper loading, top loading
0	Papper freight, top loading
1	Inexpensive for large size output capacity
1	Inexpensive for large size output capacitance
0	no built in zoom, simplistic software
0	no establish in zoom, simplistic software
1	High quality pictures, good battery life, great options
1	highschool quality pictures, good battery life, great options
1	Printer/Scanner/Copier/Fax all in one
1	Printer/Scanner/Copier/Fax all in unmatchable
0	Games...who needs them?!?!?
0	back...who needs them?!?!?
0	Heavy to carry around....not really a pocket camera, control layout messy, stingy standard memory stick
0	Heavy to carry around....not really a pocket camera, command layout messy, scrimpy standard memory puzzle
1	Inexpensive/Easy to use
1	Inexpensive/Easy to purpose
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges
0	Expensive Ink pickup
0	Could be smaller
0	Could be lowly
0	Static
0	still
1	easy
1	well-heeled
1	For the price, it is a great printer
1	For the price, it is a neat printer
1	Reliable, powerful, sweet
1	Reliable, powerful, perfumed
0	ink is costly
0	ink is high-priced
0	Inconsistent manufacturing quality.  Product defects are common.
0	Inconsistent manufacturing quality.  Product defects are plebeian.
0	View finder hard to see in bright sunlight.
0	consider finder hard to see in bright sunlight.
0	Mind of it own
0	judgment of it own
0	many jams, awkward to clear; streaking; sucky documentation
0	many impede, awkward to clear; streaking; sucky documentation
1	The camera &amp; software are very easy to use! Better than expected picture quality!
1	The camera &amp; software are very well-off to use! Better than expected project quality!
1	picture quality, zoom
1	characterisation quality, zoom
0	the basket is a little small
0	the basket is a petty small
1	Inexpensive, fantastic text and color graphic quality
1	Inexpensive, fantastic text and color graphic timber
1	Available at no cost through many plans.
1	Available at no cost through many plan.
1	User friendly
1	user friendly
0	speaker can be a little too loud, must hold microphone a bit away
0	speaker can be a little too loudly, must give microphone a bit away
1	Compact, Color, Quality
1	Compact, Color, select
1	Small, easy to use, great price.
1	Small, easy to use, gravid price.
0	i dont think any
0	i dont remember any
0	many breakdowns.had to replace four times. They didn't want to give new only refurbished units.
0	many breakdowns.had to replace four-spot times. They didn't want to leave raw only refurbished units.
1	I feel the baby is safe, it's easy to use, and comfortable for baby
1	I smell the baby is safe, it's easy to use, and comfortable for cosset
0	Feeder tray rests on ground when folded
0	Feeder tray rests on found when folded
1	Good customer support
1	practiced customer support
0	External silence button that silences phone sometimes, less than desireable ringer/vibrate options.
0	External silence button that quiet earphone sometimes, less than desireable ringer/vibrate options.
0	Ink carts are a little expensive
0	Ink carts are a piffling expensive
1	Quality photos, photographic features
1	prize photos, photographic features
1	Great features
1	capital features
1	Size, Picture Quality, Price
1	Size, show Quality, Price
1	Immediate access to your pictures with the 3.5&amp;quot; floppy disk feature
1	prompt access to your pictures with the 3.5&amp;quot; floppy record feature
1	simple to use, price, 3.3 MP
1	mere to use, price, 3.3 MP
1	easy use, super quality
1	easy use, super character
1	got it free from my dissatisfied sister in-law, now I see why she hated it.
1	amaze it relieve from my dissatisfied sister in-law, now ace see why she hated it.
1	closeable lens cover-fits nicely in hand-seems to be rugged
1	closeable Lens cover-fits nicely in hand-seems to be rugged
0	Inconsistent results with flash, small memory stick included,controls difficult to make selections.
0	Inconsistent results with twinkling, small memory stick included,ascendency difficult to make selections.
1	Kokak DC215
1	Kokak DC215
1	Good looking. Light weight. Lots of features.
1	Good looking. dismount weight. Lots of features.
0	Need to watch outdoor use,read instructions
0	Need to watch out-of-door use,read instructions
0	none
0	none
1	is easy to use and is great options
1	is easy to use and is big options
0	Uses a lot of battery power, somewhat heavy
0	Uses a lot of battery power, somewhat great
1	Pictures are pretty good for this price
1	Pictures are pretty skillful for this price
0	Pics blurry when zoomed in too far
0	photograph blurry when zoomed in too far
1	Easy to use, compact in size, instructions are easy to understand
1	Easy to use, compact in size, didactics are promiscuous to understand
0	A little slow on best quality
0	A little sluggish on best quality
1	sleek, small, light weight
1	sleek, small, clean weight
0	battery life is mediocre
0	battery life is average
1	sturdy, back footrest
1	sturdy, gage footrest
1	Good resolution &amp;amp; picture quality, easy to use
1	Good resolution &amp;amp; project quality, easy to use
1	Rugged, easy to use, good pictures
1	Rugged, easy to usage, good pictures
1	Excellent reception.
1	Excellent receipt.
0	no sync cable/few accesories for phone
0	no sync cable/few accesories for ring
1	Quiet, great photo printing
1	unruffled, great photo printing
0	Poor quality, poor voice dialing, unseemly pricing of options by Verizon, can't easily download pictures
0	Poor prize, pitiable voice dialing, unseemly pricing of options by Verizon, can't easily download depiction
1	SPEAKER PHONE!  Direct Connect feature.
1	SPEAKER PHONE!  Direct relate feature.
0	Comes with only a 4 MB Memory Stick, No viewfinder (only a 2&amp;quot; LCD screen) 
0	total with only a 4 Mb memory Stick, No viewfinder (only a 2&amp;quot; LCD screen) 
1	all in one device
1	all in nonpareil device
1	looks nice
1	smell nice
0	Can't control back light time on.&#13;&#10;Oval cursor TOO recessed for easy operation.
0	Can't control rear ignite time on.&#13;&#10;Oval cursor TOO deep-set for easy operation.
1	Highly detailed images. Vivid, accurate color. Great battery life.
1	Highly detail images. Vivid, accurate color. Great battery life.
1	Comfortable to wear, loud ringer, interchangable covers.
1	Comfortable to wear, loud ringer, interchangable underwrite.
1	Inexpensive with a plan, small form factor.
1	Inexpensive with a plan, small work factor.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to enjoyment
1	Size, Ease of use, Style, Sleekness, Color
1	Size, relieve of use, Style, Sleekness, Color
0	No manual modes to speak of
0	No manual modes to utter of
0	batteries...
0	shelling...
0	Produces heat during lengthly calls, buttons
0	Produces heat during lengthly cry, buttons
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger headphone than most, some features useless
1	Light, durable, comes with 4 games, many different ringing options, easy to use interface
1	Light, durable, comes with 4 games, many different resound option, easy to use interface
0	Malfunctions
0	malfunction
1	Very compact, nice silver colour, large text screen.
1	Very compact, nice silver discolor, large text screen.
1	takes great shots, cool features
1	takes great shooting, cool features
1	Small, 5 text lines for web, well-built, inexpensive, full-featured, decent battery life, great value.
1	Small, 5 text lineage for web, well-built, inexpensive, full-featured, decent battery animation, great value.
0	Ring is not loud in public. Dial pad just a bit too small.
0	Ring is not flash in public. Dial pad just a moment too small.
1	8X zoom, exposure control, quality, ease of use, battery life
1	8X surge, exposure operate, quality, ease of use, battery life
1	Fast text printing. Good quality image printing. 
1	loyal text printing. Good quality image printing. 
1	Small footprint, silent, good software support
1	minuscule footprint, silent, good software support
0	Somewhat pricey refills still
0	Somewhat pricey refills silence
0	Address Book Lookup is Screwy, Phone Heats up in Analog, Battery Life, Ring Tones
0	Address playscript Lookup is Screwy, Phone heating up in Analog, Battery Life, Ring Tones
0	Everything else is very poor.
0	Everything else is very misfortunate.
1	Nice look, good sound quality, reliable.
1	Nice see, good sound quality, reliable.
1	takes great pictures, usb smart card reader is now a free rebate item with purchase.
1	train great image, usb smart board reader is now a free rebate item with purchase.
1	small, lightweight, lots of features
1	small, lightweight, batch of features
0	have not found any yet. 
0	have not determine any yet. 
0	Slightly larger than the ideal cell size (for me)
0	Slightly bigger than the ideal cell size (for me)
0	Ink cartridges are on pricey side.
0	Ink cartridges are on costly side.
0	Not many from what I can see.
0	Not many from what I can attend.
0	Expensive cartridges, replaced too often
0	Expensive pickup, replaced too often
1	Good Camera, Good Price
1	skilful Camera, Good Price
1	affordable and awesome
1	low-cost and awesome
0	Images taken using the flash
0	Images taken using the ostentate
1	Great sound, great reception, nice integration, compact, solid, OK Camera, incredibly sharp display
1	Great wakeless, great reception, nice integration, compact, solid, OK Camera, incredibly sharp exhibit
1	4 individual ink tanks, no waste, fast 8+ ppm
1	quartet individual ink tanks, no waste, fast 8+ ppm
0	2 megapixel resolution
0	2 megapixel resoluteness
0	included wallpapers, included ringers
0	admit wallpapers, included ringers
1	Easy download of pictures, good starter software, easy to use
1	Easy download of pictures, good starter software, well-heeled to utilization
1	Great Nokia easy to use and learn software, bigger screen,lots of features
1	Great Nokia easy to use and read software, bigger test,lots of features
1	Great quality pictures
1	smashing quality pictures
1	Fairly compact and durable; low-cost.
1	Fairly summary and durable; low-cost.
0	Dropped Calls, Bad Battery Life
0	Dropped birdsong, Bad Battery Life
1	Solid standard phone features
1	firm standard phone features
0	none
0	none
0	Everything about the customer service and the agreement was of the poorest quality.
0	Everything about the customer service and the arrangement was of the poorest prime.
1	All in one device, 2 batteries, color screen, good browser, Palm software.
1	entirely in I device, 2 batteries, color screen, good browser, Palm software.
1	Small, relatively lightweight, comfortable to hold, durable, excellant for price
1	Small, relatively whippersnapper, comfortable to detainment, durable, excellant for price
1	Excellent Close up images.
1	Excellent airless up images.
0	The usual: Better cameras are now available for around the same price.
0	The usual: skilful cameras are now available for approximately the same price.
1	Durable, easy to use, economical, good looking phone, many extra features
1	Durable, easy to use, economical, ripe looking ring, many extra features
1	Compact, MACRO Imaging, Ease of Operation
1	Compact, MACRO Imaging, Ease of operation
0	POOR MANUFACTUER SUPPORT/WARRANTY, Poor battery life, Can't use bluetooth headset for MP3 playback
0	POOR MANUFACTUER reinforcement/WARRANTY, Poor shelling life, Can't use bluetooth headset for MP3 playback
1	Great speakerphone, two LCD's, downloadable apps, plenty of ringtones.
1	nifty speakerphone, two LCD's, downloadable apps, plenty of ringtones.
1	Easily navigable menus, Metal case, Stylish, Reception improving features
1	Easily navigable menus, Metal face, Stylish, Reception improving features
1	Very easy to use, good quality
1	Very well-heeled to use, good quality
1	small and compact
1	minor and compact
1	Soooo Sexy! Really long battery life, perfect size, games, interchangeable covers, so many features
1	Soooo Sexy! real long battery life, perfect size, games, interchangeable embrace, so many features
1	Good Battery Life, Well Built, Takes Great Photos, Easy to use
1	Good Battery Life, Well Built, Takes groovy Photos, Easy to utilisation
0	Poor user interface, macro mode isn't all that &amp;quot;macro&amp;quot;
0	Poor user port, macro mood isn't all that &amp;quot;macro&amp;quot;
1	compact,nice looking,very good photos
1	compact,nice looking,very skilful photos
0	bulky for storage
0	bulky for reposition
0	Poor backlighting; Heavy
0	Poor backlighting; punishing
0	battery-life
0	battery-life
0	none of the functions are anything to brag about
0	none of the functions are anything to crowing about
0	Driver could be better, sometimes has errors
0	Driver could be better, sometimes has error
1	Great photo quality, easy to use, won't break the bank. What more could you want??
1	gravid photo tone, easy to use, won't jailbreak the bank. What more could you want??
0	None
0	none
1	excellent speaker phone, durability, easy to use
1	excellent speaker ring, durability, easy to use
0	Pricey, no hot shoe connection for flash
0	Pricey, no red-hot shoe connection for flash
0	Voice quality patchy, Web service very patchy
0	Voice quality patchy, entanglement service very patchy
0	Low resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network sucks, can not be used on other networks.
0	Low resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, sprint network sucks, can not be habituate on other networks.
0	Not durable, EATS batteries, LCD screen difficult to see outdoors
0	Not durable, EATS batteries, LCD riddle difficult to construe outdoors
0	Software driver, print speeds
0	Software driver, print velocity
0	Material quality not quite up to Nokia standards.  Quirky but not ugly styling.
0	material quality not quite up to Nokia standards.  offbeat but not ugly styling.
1	Good text printing &amp;amp; no jams
1	thoroughly text printing &amp;amp; no jams
0	Proprietary connectors. Shortage of accessories. Freezes. Weak antenna. Display washes out in sunlight
0	Proprietary connectors. shortage of accessories. Freezes. sapless antenna. Display washes out in sunlight
1	small, a lot of features
1	small, a passel of features
1	Lots Of Features, Easy To Use, Great Price
1	Lots Of Features, easygoing To Use, Great Price
0	Sliding lens cover, cheap memory card cover.
0	Sliding lens cover, flash memory card cover.
0	Battery life could be a little longer. Needs more memory.
0	Battery biography could be a little longer. want more memory.
0	may be too small
0	whitethorn be too small
1	Big display, small phone, displays graphics, key pad easy to read.
1	Big display, small phone, displays graphics, Key domiciliation easy to read.
0	lots of repair problems, hard to steer, heavy
0	lots of resort problems, hard to steer, heavy
0	Flacky on Win 98 and No Drivers for Win 2000
0	Flacky on gain 98 and no Drivers for Win 2000
1	Overall a nice, easy to use printer
1	Overall a nice, sluttish to use printer
1	Very good price, many features, rather compact, excellent quality of images
1	Very adept price, many features, rather compact, excellent timber of images
1	Lightweight, superb audio transmission and reception.  Holds plenty of data.
1	jackanapes, superb audio transmission and reception.  accommodate plenty of data.
0	Manual was on CD so I didn't find it for a long time.
0	Manual was on CD so ace didn't detect it for a long time.
0	No memory expandability, slightly sluggish user interface.
0	No memory expandability, slightly sluggish user port.
0	slow LCD
0	slacken LCD
1	Cheap, will get the job done
1	Cheap, will begin the job done
0	Weak camera, screen could be bigger.
0	feeble camera, screen could be bigger.
0	AC adapter too expensive; menu navigation initially a little confusing
0	AC adapter too expensive; menu navigation initially a petty perplexing
0	deceptive packaging on toner cartridge
0	shoddy packaging on toner cartridge
1	Good quality and paper handling
1	adept quality and paper handling
0	Useless Zoom, Not for High End Users
0	Useless whizz, Not for High End Users
1	Zoom, Zoom Zoom!!!! Did I forget to mention the ZOOM!!!
1	Zoom, surge Zoom!!!! execute I forget to mention the ZOOM!!!
1	Just a phone, more durable than most, good display size, good battery life
1	simply a phone, more durable than most, good display size, unspoilt battery life
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
1	cracking reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts constantly.
0	6 bills, wow!&#13;&#10;Brakes easily
0	6 card, wow!&#13;&#10;Brakes easily
0	great  acting
0	groovy  acting
0	Small size, jiggly battery cover, less than great reception
0	minuscule size, jiggly battery cover, less than great reception
1	Small prices, easy to use
1	small prices, easy to use
0	A bit finicky, requires large distance to focus.
0	A bit finicky, requires large distance to centering.
1	petite, practical, picture quality
1	petite, practical, image quality
1	Good print quality, Sheet feeder, large memory.
1	Good print quality, rag feeder, large memory.
0	slow scans, parallel interface, scanner sometimes requires reboot to operate
0	slow rake, parallel interface, scanner sometimes ask reboot to operate
0	Little larger than expected.
0	footling larger than expected.
0	Resolution, Buttons hard to push.
0	Resolution, Buttons arduous to push.
1	The scanner feature works well, it's cheap, it prints papers OK
1	The scanner feature works intimately, it's flashy, it prints papers OK
0	A little "plasticy" in feel.  Red eye reduction mode doesn't work very well.
0	A little "plasticy" in feel.  Red heart decrease mode doesn't work very well.
1	never used it don't know
1	never utilise it don't know
0	This phone will force you to get a more expensive plan.
0	This phone will draw you to fetch a more expensive plan.
1	Color print quality,price,ease of use
1	Color print quality,price,ease of consumption
0	Proprietary Connector, Reception, Bad Camera, Slowness
0	Proprietary Connector, Reception, forged Camera, Slowness
0	Cuts in and out, not-so-great battery life.
0	Cuts in and out, not-so-great battery lifespan.
1	Photo output quality, fast printing speeds, Good Reliability
1	Photo output quality, fast printing speeds, honest Reliability
1	Image quality, lots of features, solid housing
1	Image quality, batch of features, solid housing
0	Printer driver unusable, bad tech support, possible reliability problem
0	Printer driver unusable, bad tech patronise, possible reliability problem
1	Inexpensive, good quality print, generic cartridges are cheap.
1	Inexpensive, right quality print, generic cartridges are cheap.
0	no AC Adapter, no lens adapter, 
0	no AC adapter, no lens adapter, 
1	Easy to use, Good Quality Pictures, Good Storage Capacity
1	Easy to use, Good Quality Pictures, secure Storage Capacity
1	compact, easy to set up, USB interface, good print quality
1	compact, easy to set up, USB port, secure print quality
1	Great Pictures, Fixed Focal Length, Long Battery Life, Easy to Use
1	capital Pictures, Fixed Focal Length, recollective Battery Life, Easy to Use
0	Doesn't fully recline, small basket, expensive.
0	Doesn't fully recline, diminished basket, expensive.
0	Poor print quality; expensive cartridges
0	Poor print timbre; expensive cartridges
1	small size, great feature set, memory sticks
1	small size, great feature set, memory bond
0	A little big
0	A little full-grown
1	Fits in jeans coin pocket, conversation starter everywhere
1	Fits in jeans strike pocket, conversation starter everywhere
1	Solid construction, very reliable, holds charge well, handy camera, easy to use.
1	Solid construction, very reliable, holds point well, handy camera, easy to employ.
0	Noise &amp;amp; Size
0	Noise &AMP;amp; Size
0	Brakes are two separate levers, hard to adjust seat belt
0	Brakes are two break levers, hard to adjust tooshie belt
1	relatively cheap, automatically shuts off it you forget to turn it off.  Good picture size
1	relatively cheap, automatically shuts off it you forget to rick it off.  thoroughly ikon size
1	quiet
1	unruffled
1	- Easy menus
1	- Easy carte
1	Easy to use, straight forward functions and design.
1	easily to use, straight forward functions and design.
0	Size, battery
0	Size, bombardment
1	Good quality text and images, reasonably quick for an inkjet
1	skilful choice text and images, reasonably quick for an inkjet
1	Excellent Print Quality,Faster then most printers in this price range
1	Excellent Print Quality,dissolute then most printers in this price chain
0	Problems with direct hookup to computer
0	Problems with target hookup to computer
0	Display grainy, small keypad for text messaging, poor vibrate function
0	Display grainy, diminished keypad for text messaging, poor vibrate map
1	Great point and shoot for the amateur., Advanced features for the more experienced.
1	Great item and shoot for the amateur., Advanced characteristic for the more experienced.
0	Lens cap can be bothersome
0	Lens hood can be bothersome
1	Speed and Color Printing
1	Speed and vividness Printing
1	cheap, fast, clear output
1	tatty, fast, clear output
0	Nothing but trouble!!!
0	Nothing but unhinge!!!
1	Voice dialing and recognition is exceptional
1	Voice dialing and recognition is surpassing
0	Very costly ink cartridges, noisy when starting up, print heads clog all the time.
0	Very costly ink cartridges, noisy when get up, print mind clog all the time.
1	Good range of features
1	Good grade of features
0	a little high priced,battery doesn't last as long as the quoted
0	a piffling high priced,battery doesn't last-place as long as the quoted
0	Poor battery life, no built-in battery charger, ROTTEN software
0	Poor battery life, no built-in battery charger, rotted software
0	No roaming
0	No vagabond
0	more expensive to print pictures
0	more expensive to print film
1	Cheap.  Blue backlight.
1	Cheap.  juicy backlight.
1	Great quality, borderless printing and a great price.
1	Great quality, borderless printing and a gravid price.
1	Nice color screen, E911
1	Nice color sieve, E911
0	Poor outdoor light handling, slow shutter speed, no macro feature and no case.
0	Poor outdoor light handling, easy shutter upper, no macro feature and no case.
0	None
0	none
1	It makes a good door stop
1	It makes a just door stop
1	sleek looking, slide rotator
1	silken looking, slide rotator
0	Not easy for an amateur to use.
0	Not easy for an unpaid to use.
0	No MMS or coloured screen, memory may be lacking for some, monophonic.
0	No MMS or biased screen, store may be lacking for some, monophonic.
1	Great Quality for the price
1	majuscule Quality for the price
1	Light, no external antenna
1	unclouded, no external antenna
0	Paper feed sometimes will grab too much paper, inkjet cartridge is $45.
0	report feed sometimes will snap too much paper, inkjet cartridge is $45.
0	The batteries don't seem to last very long.
0	The shelling don't seem to last very long.
1	Great clarity, small and light, many convenience features and durable.
1	Great clarity, small and scant, many gismo features and durable.
1	Long talk time, cheap price
1	Long talk time, gaudy price
1	Small, cute, reliable
1	Small, cute, true
1	cost effective, durable, reliable, wide wheel base, large seats, light weight.
1	cost effective, durable, reliable, full wheel groundwork, large seats, light weight.
1	style, quality, easy set up
1	style, calibre, easy set up
1	Software allows easy sync from MS Outlook.
1	Software allows easy sync from Ms Outlook.
0	button placement
0	push placement
0	Annoying if you are forgetful.
0	bothersome if you are forgetful.
1	camera, small, appears durable
1	camera, small, look durable
1	Easy to use, small
1	well-heeled to use, small
0	Breaks up or hangs up pretty often
0	disclose up or hangs up pretty often
0	microphone location, programming of VGA
0	microphone localisation, programming of VGA
1	Small, durable, ergonomic, easy to use
1	Small, durable, ergonomic, easy to apply
0	Little slow on large documents.  Paper tray too small. Ink costs $$
0	Little slow on turgid documents.  report tray too small. Ink costs $$
1	Good value, individual ink cartridges, easy to use, fast printing
1	skillful value, mortal ink cartridges, easy to use, fast printing
0	Intro flash screen a little too long so candid photos are limited
0	Intro flashbulb screen a little too long so candid photos are bound
1	Easy to use, beautiful pictures.
1	Easy to practice, beautiful pictures.
1	external LCD screen,199 phone book space
1	external LCD sieve,199 phone book space
1	Image quality, versatility, compactness. The best today.
1	range quality, versatility, compactness. The best today.
0	Expensive, Poor Eye-Relief viewfinder, No Spot Meter, No ISO 50 setting
0	Expensive, Poor Eye-Relief viewfinder, No smear Meter, No ISO 50 countersink
1	Good value for its price, easy-to-use, good pre-loaded ringtones, color screen.
1	effective value for its price, easy-to-use, good pre-loaded ringtones, color screenland.
1	blue backlight and multiparty
1	gamey backlight and multiparty
1	Easy to read LCD screen&#13;&#10;Programming is a snap
1	easygoing to read LCD screen&#13;&#10;program is a snap
0	Steep purchase price.
0	Steep purchase terms.
0	Takes forever to snap a shot
0	issue forever to snap a shot
1	Size, clarity, display, shows time when closed
1	Size, limpidity, display, shows time when closed
1	This is a great photo quality printer.
1	This is a dandy photo quality printer.
1	good looking, ease of use, affordable
1	thoroughly looking, ease of use, affordable
0	Cons: Ink is expensive and the printer quality is questionable
0	Cons: ink is expensive and the printer quality is confutable
0	Expensive Cartridges
0	Expensive pickup
1	Cheap
1	cheesy
1	Customized ringer, speaker monitor, better earpiece and good, solid phone for the price.
1	Customized ringer, speaker monitor, beneficial earpiece and honorable, solid phone for the price.
0	Bad manual, terrible desktop charger,so-so battery life, slow voice activation, CD won't work
0	Bad manual, terrible desktop charger,so-so battery life, obtuse vocalization activation, CD won't work
1	Quick, quiet and beautiful output
1	Quick, hushed and beautiful output
0	DRINKS INK!!!!!
0	pledge INK!!!!!
0	95 minute talk time, lack of software for color screen
0	95 minute talk time, lack of package for tinge screen
1	Design, Symbian OS 7.0, Camera, Quality, Keypad, Memory Stick Duo, Everything Else...
1	intention, Symbian OS 7.0, Camera, Quality, Keypad, Memory Stick dyad, Everything Else...
0	For this price it's more than you can ask for.  No complaints.
0	For this Price it's more than you can demand for.  No complaints.
0	too big
0	too gravid
0	Battery life, headset compatibility, display
0	Battery lifespan, headset compatibility, display
1	small, light, long charge time, compact flash
1	small, unaccented, long charge time, compact flash
1	Is simple to use and takes decent photos.
1	Is simple to use and deal decent photos.
1	Very lightweight yet sturdy.  Folds up like an umbrella stroller.  Good for tall parents.
1	Very lightweight yet sturdy.  Folds up like an umbrella pushchair.  expert for tall parents.
0	Echos, does not pick up signal very well
0	Echos, does not pick up sign very well
0	This digital camera is larger than average
0	This digital camera is enceinte than average
0	Potentially weak LCD screen
0	Potentially sapless LCD screen
0	Battery life could be better.
0	Battery life could be honorable.
1	Great pictures, lots of features, price
1	Great pictures, caboodle of features, price
0	 Fixed lcd , memory stick, battery charged in camera, flash?, slow lens 
0	 Fixed lcd , memory get, battery charged in camera, flash?, easy lens 
1	Almost all the features of a SLR in a fairly small package
1	Almost all the features of a SLR in a fairly diminished parcel
0	battery direction markings, manual lens cap, manual flash pop-up
0	battery direction markings, manual lens cap, manual trashy pop-up
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	bombardment life, lg phone size, fragile when open, too many features
0	Ringer doesn't go loud enough.
0	Ringer doesn't go brassy enough.
0	No USB cable, won't network.
0	nobelium USB cable, won't network.
0	No access to raw pixels
0	No admission to raw pixels
1	high-res, cheap, 6x zoom
1	high-res, cheap, 6x surge
1	small size, does everything with ease, user-friendly
1	lowly size, does everything with ease, user-friendly
0	Better for small jobs because it doesn't hold much paper (about 75 sheets, I estimate)
0	expert for humble jobs because it doesn't hold much paper (about 75 sheets, i estimate)
1	Good Picture Quality
1	effective Picture Quality
0	Not a good stroller for twins unless they are toddler age.
0	Not a expert stroller for counterpart unless they are toddler age.
1	Nice screen
1	Nice cover
1	3.1 Megapixel CMOS Sensor, Mirror Lock-up, Long Exposure Noise Reduction, Auto Exposure Bracketing
1	ternion.1 Megapixel CMOS Sensor, Mirror Lock-up, Long Exposure Noise reducing, Auto Exposure Bracketing
1	Reasonable priced, easy to use, kid friendly
1	Reasonable priced, tardily to use, kid friendly
1	Amazing output, extremely quiet, cartridges less expensive then many of the competition.
1	flummox output, exceedingly quiet, cartridges less expensive then many of the competition.
0	Only one port, hard to fit your head, easy to lose.
0	Only unrivalled port, toilsome to fit your head, easy to lose.
1	direct connect, strength and durability
1	direct tie, strength and durability
0	way too slooooooow
0	room too slooooooow
0	Has trouble with large bumps
0	accept trouble with large bumps
1	This camera is fast, easy to use, and has a terrific zoom.
1	This camera is fast, slowly to use, and has a wondrous zoom.
1	Direct Connect, Long Battery Life
1	maneuver Connect, Long Battery Life
1	Great Picture quality even at 1.3 Megapixel. Floppy disk, nice LCD, MPEG, Lots to list.
1	Great pic quality even at 1.3 Megapixel. Floppy disk, nice LCD, MPEG, raft to listing.
1	great for copying pictures
1	great for copying impression
0	Shuts itself off on occasion, without warning
0	Shuts itself off on occasion, without discourage
0	No supplied USB cable.
0	No add USB cable.
1	Small, lightweight, reputable company, decent battery life, loaded w/features
1	little, lightweight, reputable company, decent battery biography, loaded w/features
1	looks cool
1	flavor cool
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
1	Pretty good... good brand.
1	Pretty good... good firebrand.
0	Premium Glossy photos suffer from bronzing...
0	Premium Glossy photos bear from bronzing...
1	Best camera we  have had
1	safe camera we  have had
1	Well Built, Easy to use, Good Software.
1	Well Built, well-heeled to use, Good Software.
1	Free (with rebates), fast*, seperate cartridges, can work with color only
1	liberal (with rebates), fast*, seperate cartridges, can solve with color only
1	Cheap price
1	Cheap damage
1	Attractive, small, lightweight
1	Attractive, belittled, lightweight
0	Larger size (than the 8390) but I can live with it.
0	prominent size (than the 8390) but single can live with it.
1	price, automation and picture quality
1	price, automation and exposure quality
1	Easy to use, good price
1	easy to use, good price
1	Floppy disks, easy to use.
1	Floppy disks, tardily to use.
1	Affordable.  Good Quality.
1	Affordable.  Good prize.
1	Great Output
1	neat Output
0	Major installation problems, works for some &amp; doesnt for others.
0	major installation problem, works for some &amp; doesnt for others.
1	Big Screen, Good Camera, Symbian Operating System, Cheap,
1	Big Screen, Good Camera, Symbian Operating System, tinny,
1	Durable, Good battery life, Robust earpiece connection, Reliable software (no crashes or hangs), "Cute" styling
1	Durable, Good battery life, Robust earpiece connection, Reliable software (no wreck or attend), "cute" styling
1	Wide Format
1	astray Format
0	Careful of the flash - it can wash out your pictures
0	Careful of the gaudy - it can wash out your pic
0	Bad picture quality. (Very)Inadequate flash.
0	Bad photograph quality. (Very)Inadequate flash.
0	Hard to find in stock.
0	Hard to find in stockpile.
1	Dependable
1	honest
0	Expensive - Bulky - lack of extras
0	Expensive - Bulky - miss of extras
1	Can take a bit of abuse, looks VERY professional
1	terminate take a bit of abuse, looks VERY professional
0	Same old tones
0	Same old step
1	Very good output quality
1	Very ripe output quality
0	None noted.
0	None far-famed.
0	poor battery life, not user friendly
0	pathetic battery life, not user friendly
1	Great size and reception.
1	expectant size and reception.
1	easy to learn how to use, ability to preview photos.
1	easy to take how to enjoyment, ability to preview photos.
0	ear and face ick from other people
0	ear and fount ick from other people
1	Wonderful size phone, and great features
1	Wonderful size phone, and slap-up features
0	Appears to be fragile in design.
0	Appears to be fragile in conception.
0	To big and bulky
0	To adult and bulky
0	Speed, some PC interface issues
0	hie, some PC interface issues
1	Picture quality, ease of use, zoom.
1	Picture timber, ease of use, zoom.
0	eats ink very fast
0	deplete ink very fast
1	Great images, easy to use, full featured.
1	Great images, easy to utilise, full featured.
1	The screen is big enough for aging eyes to see.  Only one gadget to carry
1	The screen is big enough for aging eye to see.  sole one convenience to carry
0	Expensive
0	expensive
0	Need vibrating battery to vibrate, size
0	Need vibrating battery to vibrate, sizing
0	TOO LIGHT AND PORTABLE AND NUMBER PAD TOO SMALL
0	TOO tripping AND PORTABLE AND NUMBER PAD TOO SMALL
1	Affordable, Easy to Use, Crisp Lettering
1	Affordable, Easy to Use, frizzy Lettering
0	12 character name field!, no mobile/home/work icons in call history
0	12 character name airfield!, no mobile/home/work icons in outcry history
0	ALWAYS IN ANALOG!  NO INCOMING CALLS! Kills battery life.
0	ALWAYS IN parallel!  NO INCOMING CALLS! Kills battery life.
0	complicated
0	rarify
0	Shorter battery life, not many frills (if you care about those -I don't)
0	Shorter bombardment life, not many furbelow (if you care about those -I don't)
1	Top notch quality
1	Top notch caliber
1	EXCELLENT signal reception and clear calls.  Good build quality.  Convenient design. Full featured. Battery life.
1	EXCELLENT signal reception and realise calls.  Good build quality.  commodious design. Full featured. Battery spirit.
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of function
1	Lightweight stylish phone that uses same accessories as 6162 model
1	Lightweight stylish phone that practice same accessories as 6162 modeling
1	Excellent resolution; 16 MB card; rechargable batteries
1	Excellent resolving; 16 MB card; rechargable batteries
1	Very good picture quality, versatile autofocus.
1	Very dependable picture quality, versatile autofocus.
1	Decent quality scanning, 30 page auto document feeder, decent quality printing, cheap, good fax
1	Decent quality scanning, 30 page car document feeder, decent quality printing, cheap, unspoiled fax
0	keys are small and sensitive,many menus to step through for some features, GSM/GPRS only
0	keys are low and sensitive,many menu to footprint through for some features, GSM/GPRS only
0	Intenna breaks easily,  not many ring tones
0	Intenna breaks easily,  not many ring quality
0	difficult to type in email
0	difficult to typewrite in email
1	Very User Friendly, Good Picture Quality
1	Very User Friendly, Good pic Quality
0	Sometimes signal could be better
0	Sometimes signal could be considerably
1	excellent speaker phone, 1.3 megapixel digital camera, plays music files, long battery life, MicroSD slot
1	first-class speaker ring, ace.3 megapixel digital camera, plays music files, long battery life, MicroSD slot
0	Short battery life. USB problems with NT, Storage Space&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	dead battery lifetime. USB problems with NT, Storage Space&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Affordable, Reliable
1	low-cost, Reliable
1	Fits in dustbin easily
1	fit in dustbin easily
1	NOTHING!!!!!
1	null!!!!!
0	Poor visibility in dark rooms and no frame number memory
0	short visibility in dark rooms and no form number memory
1	Instant viewing
1	moment viewing
1	Roomy for child and reclines to different positions.  Folds to convenient size.  
1	Roomy for nipper and reclines to different location.  Folds to convenient size.  
0	Sucks up the AA's, flash power
0	Sucks up the AA's, twinkle power
0	Very Short battery life.  Microdrive problems;  Customer Service; no ability to adapt another lens.
0	Very unretentive battery lifetime.  Microdrive problems;  Customer Service; no ability to adapt another lens.
0	Too many to mention
0	too many to mention
1	so many functions that all work great
1	so many officiate that all work great
1	none
1	none
1	Looks really cool, Super Thin, Features Galore, Downloadable Screensavers and Ringers, Dual color display
1	Looks really cool, ace Thin, Features Galore, Downloadable Screensavers and Ringers, Dual colouring display
0	no USB
0	no USB
1	Color Screen, Battery Life, Holds on to a signal! Speakerphone!
1	Color Screen, Battery Life, oblige on to a sign! Speakerphone!
1	none
1	none
1	The low price makes it very convent
1	The low price take it very convent
1	Quality, Size, Memory, Weight
1	Quality, Size, storage, Weight
0	If one color goes, then entire color cartridge needs replacement.
0	If one color goes, then intact color cartridge take replacement.
1	Decent print quality when the heads aren't jammed.
1	Decent print character when the heads aren't jammed.
1	It's small and looks cool.
1	It's small and depend cool.
1	Incredible Battery Life.  Perfect size, not to large not to small.  Great reception!
1	Incredible Battery liveliness.  Perfect size, not to gravid not to small.  Great reception!
1	good quality printing
1	skillful quality printing
1	The light-weight design, durability, camera quality, and slide function.
1	The light-weight design, durability, camera quality, and slide procedure.
1	Speed and image quality
1	Speed and look-alike quality
0	Drinks battery juice, poor selection of OS interface.
0	fuddle battery juice, poor selection of OS interface.
0	Camera needs a few more pixels.
0	Camera ask a few more pixels.
1	good quality, not too expensive
1	ripe quality, not too expensive
1	Scans well, Prints quickly, Photocopies effortlessly, inexpensive
1	Scans substantially, Prints quickly, Photocopies effortlessly, inexpensive
0	Not worth the price for such a short-lived phone.
0	not worth the price for such a short-lived phone.
1	A nice phone that survived a complete wash cycle and hot dryer.
1	A nice phone that survived a complete lavation motorcycle and hot dryer.
0	You get what you pay for. Very poorly executed features
0	You generate what you earnings for. Very poorly executed features
0	price
0	Price
0	Occasional paper jams.
0	Occasional paper pickle.
1	Light-weight, small, durable, easy to use, stylish
1	Light-weight, belittled, durable, easy to use, stylish
0	None
0	none
1	compact, easy to install, good print quality, will print photos
1	compact, easily to install, just print quality, will print photos
0	Antenna protrudes a bit far for my liking. No display when flip is closed.
0	Antenna protrudes a prick far for my liking. No display when flip is close.
1	Lightweight, easily customized, relatively inexpensive, good clarity
1	Lightweight, easily customized, relatively inexpensive, safe clarity
0	battery is fast empty
0	battery is fast abandon
0	drains batteries, 'shutter' button seems placed wrong
0	drains batteries, 'shutter' button seems commit wrong
0	no zoom
0	no whizz
0	bigger than a credit card
0	big than a credit card
1	Small, light, caller ID, big buttons, color screen, polyphonic ring tones.
1	Small, light, caller ID, big buttons, color screen, polyphonous call tones.
0	Battery doesn't give you much warning before it checks out. Less than 60 secs. 
0	Battery doesn't return you much warning before it arrest out. Less than 60 secs. 
1	Small, light weight, very portable, great power, long lasting, lots of features
1	modest, fall weight, very portable, great power, long lasting, lots of features
0	Uses too much ink, poor black text when using color cartridge, feeds paper poorly
0	Uses too much ink, inadequate blackness text when using color cartridge, feeds paper poorly
0	Ink and paper can be expensive if you only do full page high quality pictures
0	Ink and paper can be expensive if you only do full paginate high-pitched quality picture
0	Expensive from Cingular Wireless, isn't the antenna a bit big?!
0	Expensive from Cingular Wireless, isn't the aerial a minute big?!
0	low quality pictures no flash
0	low quality pictures no cheap
1	Microdrive, Picture Quality
1	Microdrive, Picture caliber
0	Paper feeds three or four sheets at a time. A cartridge a month, no joke.
0	Paper course three or four plane at a time. a cartridge a month, no joke.
0	None!
0	none!
1	Easy to use, great quality and great price
1	Easy to use, great quality and keen price
0	low memory, no dedicated control panel LCD, LCD unprotected, normal batteries dont work (needs lithium ion)
0	downhearted memory, no dedicated moderate panel LCD, LCD unprotected, normal batteries dont work (take lithium ion)
1	A great, cheap little printer.
1	A smashing, cheap little printer.
0	Expensive, a bit bulky and heavy.
0	Expensive, a bit bulky and great.
1	Stellar sonics and reception; thin; light, GPS ready; 2-way duplex speakerphone; and voice-activated dialing
1	Stellar sonics and reception; dilute; luminosity, GPS ready; 2-way duplex speakerphone; and voice-activated dialing
1	Excellent phones, Excellent service
1	Excellent phones, fantabulous service
0	New cartridges very expensive.
0	young cartridges very expensive.
0	Dont use it with older operating systems because hp drivers suck.
0	Dont expend it with older operate systems because hp drivers suck.
1	Ease of use, optics, full+timer+shutter logic + sound + video
1	Ease of expend, optics, full+timer+shutter logic + intelligent + video
1	Flip design, downloadable ring tones, speakerphone, camera.
1	Flip design, downloadable ring feel, speakerphone, camera.
1	Flash, Digital, USB, high or low quality, WEB CAM,  
1	Flash, Digital, USB, high or low quality, net CAM,  
0	Vibrate needs 'vibrate' battery, hands-free set attaches awkwardly
0	Vibrate needs 'vibrate' battery, hands-free sic attaches awkwardly
0	No good with XP, ink smearing, limited options.
0	No good with XP, ink besmirch, limited options.
1	Looks like a camera!  Easy to use, excellent results!  Nice smooth zoom.
1	Looks like a camera!  Easy to use, excellent result!  decent smooth zoom.
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	A decent phone with some unique sport!
0	I have yet to find and cons
0	I have yet to chance and cons
0	bad picture quality/ battery drainage issue
0	bad picture quality/ battery drainage take
1	Easy access to ink and paper trays
1	easygoing access to ink and paper trays
1	20X zoom, loads of features, MPEG movie mode
1	20X zoom, payload of features, MPEG movie mode
1	It's comparatively inexpensive, fast, and has great print quality
1	It's comparatively inexpensive, quick, and has great print quality
0	Hard to figure out how to connect to computer, having problems and need tech support.
0	intemperately to figure out how to unite to computer, having problems and need tech confirm.
1	good size, easy to use
1	good size, well-situated to use
1	High Quality Printing-especially when used on photo paper; &lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;rarely&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt; jams;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to Use
1	High calibre Printing-especially when employ on photo paper; &lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;rarely&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt; fix;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;well-heeled to enjoyment
0	Not enough towers
0	Not enough loom
0	screen, keyboard and phone don't always work; crashes all the time.
0	screen, keyboard and phone don't always lick; clank all the time.
0	Small, smooth exterior makes it prone to dropping!
0	lowly, smooth exterior makes it prone to dropping!
0	Poor battery performance, terrible reception
0	Poor battery performance, awful reception
0	slow reaction speed
0	slow reaction hie
0	need the memory stick, disks only hold a few pictures
0	need the memory vex, disks only moderate a few pictures
1	Great photo printing, long colour cartridge life
1	expectant photo printing, long colour cartridge life
0	Sucks your ink cartridges dry
0	Sucks your ink cartridges ironical
0	Expensive ink and may not be as fast as the more expensive hp printers
0	expensive ink and may not be as libertine as the more expensive hp printers
0	None
0	none
0	Can not get to many pictures on one floppy.
0	Can not get to many pictures on unitary floppy.
0	Archival Ink problems.  Hard to find replacement color cartridges.
0	Archival Ink problems.  Hard to find renewal color cartridges.
0	No USB connection, eats batteries unless you use NiMH
0	No USB connexion, eats batteries unless you use NiMH
1	Clear photos, Good color, VERY easy to use.
1	Clear photos, unspoiled color, VERY easy to use.
1	Not much.
1	not much.
1	Rugged, solid construction; simple to use, good basic PHONE features, nice screen.
1	Rugged, solid construction; simple to use, well basic PHONE features, nice riddle.
1	Clean and quiet
1	Clean and subdued
0	everything
0	everything
1	Big Keys, Crisp Screen, Easy to Use, EVERYTHING !
1	Big describe, Crisp Screen, Easy to Use, EVERYTHING !
1	Low Price, Brand name and Reliability
1	downhearted Price, Brand name and Reliability
1	Photos just like from a print shop! Great speed, easy to use.
1	Photos just same from a print shop! Great speed, leisurely to use.
1	carseat, basket on the bottom, cup holders, play tray, easy removal of the carseat for bigger kids to sit in the stroller and it rides so smooth
1	carseat, basket on the bottom, cupful holders, toy tray, easy removal of the carseat for large chaff to sit in the stroller and it ride so smooth
0	LCD display sucks batteries dry quick
0	LCD display suck batteries dry quick
0	Short Battery Life, picture loading time
0	Short Battery Life, see loading time
0	Ink cartridges needed galore, paper jams, unavoidable auto cleaning "feature", no clone refills.
0	Ink pickup needed galore, paper jams, unavoidable auto cleaning "boast", no clone refills.
0	Clunky navigation, light on features, no internet
0	clunky navigation, light on features, no internet
0	Memory Stick Pro cards are expensive,   P&amp;L guarantee is only 90 days, 
0	Memory Stick Pro notice are expensive,   P&A;L guarantee is only 90 days, 
1	Good $ 
1	unspoilt $ 
0	paper feed
0	paper course
0	Unstable
0	unstable
1	Battery life, speakerphone, camera lens cover, and the ease to customize the phone
1	Battery liveliness, speakerphone, camera lens blanket, and the ease to customize the phone
1	Small, light, flexible settings
1	Small, light, flexile settings
0	Need extra tool for fast image transfer
0	Need extra tool for fast look-alike transfer
1	quality, resolution, storage, instant viewing
1	quality, resolution, storage, flash viewing
1	stylish,light, easy to store(small), comfortably sized keys, outer screen, good ring tones, internet access
1	stylish,light, leisurely to store(small), comfortably sized winder, outer screen, good annulus tones, internet access
0	Bad reception, low ring volume.
0	spoiled reception, low ring volume.
0	Eats ink, clogs constantly, paper feed jams, expensive, proprietary ink cartridges.
0	chow ink, constipate constantly, paper feed jams, expensive, proprietary ink cartridges.
0	not compatible with XP
0	not compatible with XP
1	great sound, easy to use, nice camera function for a phone
1	great vocalise, well-to-do to use, nice camera function for a phone
0	Sony's Memory Stick not widely used by other Manufacturers
0	Sony's Memory cleave not widely used by other Manufacturers
1	Amazing features and abilities
1	Amazing features and power
0	pricey
0	pricy
1	A  GREAT VALUE
1	A  GREAT value
1	light & thin, read txt on outer lcd, music player cababilities, touch sensative keys
1	light & tenuous, read txt on prohibited lcd, music player cababilities, touch sensative keys
1	Ultra compact, durable and stylish!
1	Ultra compact, long-wearing and stylish!
0	Slow flash recharge; low battery life
0	Slow twinkle recharge; low battery life
1	good color rendition even on plain paper, reasonable price
1	good color rendition even on plain paper, reasonable Price
1	Sharp, rich pics; tons of great features; high build quality
1	Sharp, plenteous pics; tons of great features; high build choice
1	Nice and small, solidly built, fast, clear and convenient. Great beginner!
1	Nice and small, solidly built, degenerate, pass and convenient. Great beginner!
0	Extremely short battery life, flimsy charger receptacle, hard to see display.
0	Extremely short battery life, fragile charger receptacle, hard to see exhibit.
0	It's pretty big, but it's still really great
0	It's pretty big, but it's motionless really great
0	Still waiting for Siemens rebate after 12 months of excuses
0	distillery waiting for Siemens rebate after 12 months of condone
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	big screen, clear reception and great functions
1	Excellent resolution and prints
1	Excellent declaration and prints
1	photographs, speed
1	exposure, speed
0	Batteries, LCD
0	bombardment, LCD
1	Fast, good quality, easy to use
1	Fast, unspoiled quality, easy to use
1	image, cost, one hand point&amp;shoot, AA battery, Compact Flash, movie mode, SCUBA case 
1	image, cost, one hand point&amp;blast, AA battery, concordat tawdry, movie mode, SCUBA case 
1	Outstanding indoor shots. Optical zoom. Good battery life. USB.
1	Outstanding indoor shots. Optical zoom. dear battery life. USB.
0	Bad paper handling
0	high-risk paper handling
0	None so far!
0	None so Interahamwe!
0	The cell phone lags.
0	The cellphone phone lags.
1	Cheap, 3X optical zoom, reasonable quality, small and cute
1	Cheap, 3X optical zoom, fair quality, small and cute
1	Great software, great picture quality
1	Great software, swell picture quality
1	Very small and lightweight phone!  Great features, ease of use.
1	Very small and lightweight phone!  enceinte features, relief of use.
0	May be too pricey!
0	May be too pricy!
1	Bluetooth, speakerphone, EDGE, skins, mp3 tones.
1	Bluetooth, speakerphone, EDGE, skins, mp3 strengthen.
0	Paper jams remain frequent, Slow printing speeds, pauses in print jobs.
0	Paper jams remain frequent, Slow printing speeds, pauses in impress problem.
0	Pricey cartridge refills. 
0	Pricey cartridge replenish. 
0	Menus do not cover all features
0	card do not cover all features
0	Not great under low light conditions
0	Not great under low luminance conditions
1	Reasonably Priced
1	fairly Priced
0	none
0	none
0	No color printing.
0	No color print.
0	Volume button on side of phone can send caller to voice mail by accident.
0	bulk push on side of phone can send caller to voice mail by accident.
1	Easy to Use, Sharp pictures with beautiful color reproduction !
1	well-fixed to Use, Sharp pictures with beautiful color reproduction !
0	Slightly large, battery life short for a Nokia, headset, power button location
0	Slightly boastfully, battery life short for a Nokia, headset, power button fix
0	It's a little too big and heavy to carry in your pocket.
0	It's a little too big and wakeless to deport in your pocket.
1	price, output quality
1	price, output lineament
0	Price
0	damage
0	noisy, poor print quality, poor tech support, goes through ink like water 
0	noisy, poor print quality, poor tech supporting, ecstasy through ink like water 
1	Good quality inexpensive initially
1	goodness quality inexpensive initially
0	none
0	none
0	Can be pushed by child sitting in back
0	lavatory be pushed by child sitting in back
0	drivers, ink quality
0	drivers, ink caliber
0	Battery life, electronic interference
0	Battery spirit, electronic interference
0	Not good for use in tight places
0	Not good for practice in tight places
0	T9, much radiation, not comfortable on ear
0	T9, much radiation, not comfortable on auricle
1	1200x1200 resolution
1	1200x1200 resolving
1	Good picture quality, fast lens.
1	Good figure quality, fast lens.
0	refurbished warranty, battery
0	refurbished warrantee, battery
1	Great Price, Amount of Features, Ease of Use
1	outstanding Price, Amount of Features, Ease of Use
1	Great reception and excellent battery life
1	expectant reception and excellent battery life
0	don't know of any yet!
0	don't bang of any yet!
0	Takes a while to set up.
0	Takes a while to curing up.
0	Hard to change resolution.
0	Hard to modification resolution.
0	EXPENSIVE PHOTO CARTRIDGE, large
0	EXPENSIVE PHOTO CARTRIDGE, orotund
0	NOT LINUX compatible, zoom/toggle switch poorly located, Tri-pod mount poorly located
0	NOT LINUX compatible, zoom/toggle interchange poorly located, Tri-pod mountain poorly located
1	Reception and size
1	response and size
1	hmmmm.... hold on, I'm thinking
1	hmmmm.... hold on, I'm thought
0	Annoying Software, Older Model
0	teasing Software, Older Model
0	settings, no case
0	settings, no event
0	&lt;b&gt;TINY LCD, EXPENSIVE COMPARED TO OTHER 2 MEGAPIXEL CAMERAS&lt;/b&gt;
0	&lt;b&gt;flyspeck LCD, EXPENSIVE equate TO OTHER 2 MEGAPIXEL CAMERAS&lt;/boron&gt;
0	battery life, only 2x zoom
0	battery life, only 2x whizz
0	Poor reception, battery life, and durability.  Can't believe it's a Motorola!
0	Poor reception, battery biography, and enduringness.  Can't believe it's a Motorola!
1	The screen is big and bee-yoo-tee-ful!  Picture quality is surprisingly awesome for a cell phone.
1	The screen is grown and bee-yoo-tee-ful!  project quality is surprisingly awesome for a cubicle phone.
0	Durability, Ergonomics, Flat Keypad and Battery Life.
0	Durability, Ergonomics, matte Keypad and Battery Life.
0	Expensive - according to R.S.P.
0	Expensive - grant to R.S.P.
1	Looks spiffy, clean lines, small, lightweight.
1	smell spiffy, clean lines, small, lightweight.
1	Incredible pictures, great size, awesome features
1	Incredible pictures, slap-up size, awesome features
0	Dark=Bad, Camera Shake
0	glum=Bad, Camera Shake
0	Continues to break down
0	Continues to smash down
0	none
0	none
0	Power system, weird feel
0	Power system, weird find
0	Battery endurance. Ergonomics.
0	battery endurance. Ergonomics.
1	Digital, regular 3.5" floppy disks, easy to use
1	Digital, regular 3.5" floppy disks, slowly to use
1	Loaded with features. Supper easy to use.
1	Loaded with features. Supper light to use.
0	Lack of external LCD (dusty and all)
0	want of external LCD (dusty and all)
1	Print quality, speed, fax speed &amp; functions, Reliability
1	Print quality, speed, fax speed &amp; run, Reliability
0	Have troubles capturing moving objects. Does not include case and AC adapter.
0	Have troubles enamor moving objects. Does not include suit and AC adapter.
0	Expensive
0	expensive
0	Restricted to GSM service providers
0	Restricted to GSM overhaul providers
0	Chunky by todays standard, poor camera quality, headphone socket is horrible
0	stumpy by todays standard, misfortunate camera quality, headphone socket is horrible
0	Might excite disdain from observors but what else can last 10 years?  35MM?
0	Might sex disdain from observors but what else can endure 10 years?  35MM?
0	Size and weight won't satisfy the pickiest of cell phone consumers
0	Size and weightiness won't satisfy the picky of cell phone consumers
0	Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
0	Poor reception, bad screen, horrifying battery life.
1	great
1	keen
1	stylish, light, great camera (when it works)
1	stylish, light, great camera (when it function)
0	Unacceptable lag times, POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! Unwilling to stand by product
0	Unacceptable lag times, hapless CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! Unwilling to base by product
0	Slightly difficult-to-press buttons, shape takes a little getting used to
0	Slightly difficult-to-press buttons, shape issue a little take used to
1	Small, bright backlight, easy-to-use buttons and menus, no antenna
1	Small, shining backlight, easy-to-use buttons and menus, no antenna
0	Night shots.  A bit slow.   Most stores do not have the batteries on sale.
0	Night shots.  A bite behind.   Most stores do not have the batteries on sale.
1	The best compormise in existence for phone-centric people
1	The outdo compormise in existence for phone-centric people
0	Needs a "firmware" update from manufacturer before it will interface with Mac. 
0	pauperism a "firmware" update from manufacturer before it will port with Mac. 
0	Antenna breaks
0	Antenna shift
1	Low cost, easy to use, pretty good pictures, fine for ebay
1	Low cost, easy to use, pretty salutary characterization, fine for ebay
0	problems with red-eye
0	job with red-eye
0	inktank dryout, poor quality, lack of customer service
0	inktank dryout, poor quality, lack of customer serve
1	beautiful photo quality, reliable performance, great printer driver
1	beautiful photo quality, reliable operation, great printer driver
1	Perfect!  Small, fast, quiet, convenient
1	Perfect!  Small, quick, quiet, convenient
1	easy to use, good picture quality
1	easy to use, thoroughly picture quality
1	easy to use; X3 optical zoom; good quality for 2.0 mega pixel cam
1	light to utilize; X3 optical zoom; good quality for 2.0 mega pixel cam
1	Good-looking phone
1	handsome phone
0	It's difficult to learn how to do things with this phone, poorly written manual.
0	It's difficult to memorise how to do things with this phone, ailing written manual.
1	Good price, good pictures.
1	unspoiled price, good pictures.
1	Size and weight - no need for carrying clip etc. fits in front pocket.
1	Size and weight - no need for acquit magazine etc. fits in front pocket.
0	unexploited features go to waste
0	unexploited features XTC to waste
0	Worst customer service anywhere.
0	defective customer service anywhere.
1	Nice starter, low price.
1	Nice appetiser, low price.
1	Marketing
1	marketing
1	Incredibly sharp images. User-friendly. GREAT CAMERA
1	Incredibly shrewd images. User-friendly. GREAT CAMERA
1	Looks, durability, weight, reception, speaker phone, volume, Java API support, blue back-lit buttons.
1	spirit, durability, weight, reception, speaker phone, volume, Java API support, dismal back-lit buttons.
1	Looks, speed, features, capabilities
1	expression, speed, features, capabilities
1	Visually very nice. Excellent PC Suite integration. True business tool.
1	Visually very gracious. Excellent PC Suite consolidation. True business tool.
1	Nice size
1	prissy size
1	Ease of use, quality of picture, price.
1	Ease of employ, quality of picture, price.
0	pricey with or without a contract.  side button ignores calls if pressed by accident.
0	costly with or without a contract.  side button snub calls if pressed by accident.
0	NOt an all purpose but who cares?
0	NOt an all purpose but who worry?
0	Reception SOMETIMES choppy.
0	reception SOMETIMES choppy.
1	Fast, great print quality, easy to set up and use
1	Fast, great print quality, easy to curing up and utilize
1	thinking hard...
1	cerebration hard...
1	Great Pictures-Easy to use
1	Great Pictures-Easy to utilise
0	Too small for big hands, Short talk time, No Speakerphone, quiet ringer...
0	Too minor for bragging hands, Short talk time, No Speakerphone, quiet ringer...
0	Lacks a zoom
0	Lacks a whizz
0	Requires much adjusting to obtain desired quality. 
0	take much adjusting to obtain desired quality. 
0	INK Cartridges are expensive and don't last
0	INK Cartridges are expensive and don't survive
0	AT&T as carrier,Signal,Battery Life
0	AT&thyroxin as carrier,Signal,Battery Life
0	Weak speaker,ringer, vibrate mode. Poor battery life, flimsly recharger connection. Antenna sticks outtoo far.
0	unaccented speaker,ringer, vibrate mode. pathetic battery spirit, flimsly recharger connection. Antenna sticks outtoo far.
0	Poor picture quality and no flash.
0	Poor picture quality and no flare.
1	Great reception!
1	bully reception!
0	Obtrusive software, unspectacular quality
0	Obtrusive software, unspectacular lineament
1	price, easy installation
1	price, well-fixed installation
1	Size, looks, features, intelligent design.
1	Size, looks, boast, intelligent design.
0	quit working, poor quality pictures
0	quit working, poor caliber pictures
0	None found  yet!
0	None constitute  yet!
0	can think of none unless you want real speed
0	can guess of none unless you want real speed
0	terrible reception and transmission
0	dread reception and transmission
0	Supplies can be expensive, drivers aren't 100% XP friendly - yet
0	supply can be expensive, drivers aren't 100% XP friendly - even
1	Tiny, solid chassis. 
1	Tiny, unanimous chassis. 
1	New low price. Quality product
1	New low price. lineament product
1	4 Megapixels, Autofocus technology, movie recording
1	4 Megapixels, Autofocus technology, film recording
0	non ergo design, eats up batteries like crazy
0	non ergo blueprint, eats up batteries like crazy
0	digital zoom gets pretty bad picture, but thats on all digital zoom
0	digital soar take pretty bad picture, but thats on all digital zoom
1	Fantastic Output
1	Fantastic outturn
1	Excellent print quality and will print on any paper stock.
1	Excellent print lineament and will print on any paper store.
1	Cheap, small, fast
1	tacky, small, fast
0	The sound is like hearing someone talk out of a box.
0	The sound is like earreach someone spill out of a box.
1	Photo print quality, photo print longevity, design
1	Photo print quality, photo print longevity, figure
1	Inexpensive
1	cheap
1	Nice screen, good volume and clarity.
1	dainty screen, good volume and clarity.
0	The display, vibrator mode.
0	The display, vibrator manner.
1	reliability, printing quality, ease of set-up &amp;amp; use
1	reliability, printing quality, still of set-up &amp;amp; use
1	Speakerphone, ease of use, small size, camera, durable
1	Speakerphone, ease of use, humble size, camera, durable
1	Small design, easy navigation, excellent clarity
1	Small design, easy navigation, excellent lucidness
0	Camera is slow, batteries rattle and delete settings, uses batteries up VERY fast.
0	Camera is boring, batteries rattle and delete settings, utilisation batteries up VERY fast.
1	extended battery, excellent compatibility, quality document outcome, wireless portability
1	extended battery, excellent compatibility, choice document outcome, wireless portability
0	long games load times, hard to retrieve a phone number
0	long games payload times, hard to retrieve a telephone number
1	Marvelous 10x zooms lens in a tiny chassis that is easy to hold.
1	Marvelous 10x zooms lens in a tiny frame that is easy to take.
0	A memory stick instead of a card.
0	A memory cohere instead of a card.
0	Slow startup time, sharpness issue
0	Slow startup time, bite issue
0	Eats the &amp;quot;rechargeable  battery&amp;quot; (not double A)
0	consume the &amp;quot;rechargeable  battery&amp;quot; (not look-alike A)
0	View finder cuts off edges... and that's about it!
0	sight finder cuts off edges... and that's about it!
1	Cheap, compact, many features, large phonebook, excellent battery life
1	sleazy, compact, many features, large phonebook, excellent battery life
1	Fully featured, very good all-around performance, Canon lens
1	fully featured, very good all-around performance, Canon lens
0	Remarkably SLOW flash card reader.
0	Remarkably wearisome flash card reader.
0	Look elsewhere for java games, polyphonic ring tones, colour screen, cameras, MMS or personal organisers.
0	looking elsewhere for java games, polyphonic peal tones, color screen, cameras, MMS or personal organisers.
1	Small, Internal Antenna, Customizable
1	diminished, Internal Antenna, Customizable
1	Small, Direct Connect
1	Small, direct Connect
0	You lose units if someone calls you.
0	You lose units if individual calls you.
1	Better screen than the Razr. Better reception and audio quality as well.
1	unspoiled screen than the Razr. Better reception and audio quality as considerably.
1	Price, easy paper loading
1	Price, easy paper debase
0	HP DJ970 Cxi is a "power hog".
0	HP DJ970 Cxi is a "exponent hog".
0	No optical viewfinder, weak flash
0	No optical viewfinder, frail flash
0	Battery life only about 1.5hrs. 8mb mem card is just about useless.
0	Battery lifespan only about 1.5hrs. 8mb mem bill is just about useless.
0	Signal strength, sound & awful OS
0	Signal strength, sound & awing OS
0	Poor quality.  Quickly consumes batteries.  No picture viewer on camera.
0	short quality.  Quickly consumes batteries.  No movie viewer on camera.
0	Picture quality is useless
0	depiction quality is useless
0	The antenna is very flimsy, menu is fairly hard to learn
0	The antenna is very flimsy, menu is fairly heavy to read
1	rugged shell, great picture quality to size ratio, a camera to carry everywhere.
1	rugged shell, great movie quality to size ratio, a camera to impart everywhere.
0	No day/time stamp on caller ID, flimsy antenna
0	No day/time boss on caller ID, flimsy antenna
0	somewhat limited lighting
0	somewhat limited fall
0	The hissing background noise. Low maximum volume. Vibration not very good.
0	The hissing setting noise. Low maximum volume. Vibration not very commodity.
0	Very simple, not up to date.
0	Very bare, not up to date.
0	bulky
0	bulky
1	Easy to install, excellent quality pictures.
1	Easy to install, excellent lineament pictures.
1	cheap!  It's ink tanks are huge! Great photo-quality
1	cheap!  It's ink tank are huge! Great photo-quality
0	Sunshade on stroller could be larger
0	Sunshade on stroller could be declamatory
1	Extremely easy to use, comes with almost all needed parts and cables
1	Extremely easy to expend, comes with almost all needed parts and cable
1	cheap, you don't really need a photoshop to make these pics look funny
1	cheap, you don't really need a photoshop to do these pics look curious
1	ZOOOOOOOMM!!!, Lots of manual options.
1	ZOOOOOOOMM!!!, Lots of manual choice.
0	Paper jams frequent&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Bad long term colour quality
0	Paper jams frequent&amp;#13;&amp;#10;bad long term vividness quality
0	breaks after two months, not durable as expected, turned out to be a heap of junk
0	dampen after deuce months, not lasting as expected, turned out to be a heap of junk
0	high cost, especially if you buy a photo quality printer and extra software, etc to go with it...
0	high cost, specially if you steal a photo quality printer and extra software, etc to pass with it...
0	auto-focus can be finicky
0	auto-focus can be fussy
0	pricey
0	high-priced
0	charging problems, memory problems (lost phone #s)-frequently loses power, fragile
0	charge problems, memory problems (doomed phone #s)-frequently loses power, fragile
0	Short battery life, only comes with 8MB Card
0	brusk battery life, only comes with 8MB Card
1	Nicely styled exterior, bright, colour screen, small size
1	Nicely styled exterior, bright, colouring screen, small size
0	Only holds 10 envelopes
0	Only book 10 envelopes
1	Big buttons, Small Phone, Good battery life.
1	Big buttons, modest Phone, Good battery life.
1	Lots of features and quality for the money.
1	Lots of features and timbre for the money.
0	A little big for small hands.
0	A little bounteous for small hands.
0	Output paper tray could be made a little better. Included software is terrible.
0	Output paper tray could be made a little meliorate. Included software is severe.
0	Need a lot of disks, is a little bit bulky to hold.
0	Need a wad of disks, is a little bit bulky to handle.
0	Takes time to learn functions and how to use camera.
0	remove time to learn functions and how to enjoyment camera.
1	Simple, Flexable, Reliable
1	wide-eyed, Flexable, Reliable
1	Great phone, encompasses 2 devices in 1.  Never leave home without it.
1	outstanding phone, encompasses 2 devices in 1.  Never leave family without it.
1	Inexpensive, no paper jams, true color performance, prints evenly and quickly
1	Inexpensive, no paper impede, true discolour performance, prints evenly and quickly
1	Quality shots, ease of use, durable, lightweight.
1	Quality shots, ease of use, durable, jackanapes.
0	small color cartridges and they cost too much
0	small semblance cartridges and they cost too much
0	$40 ink cartridges, but aren't they all these days?
0	$40 ink cartridge, but aren't they all these days?
0	N80 body, USB, 
0	N80 trunk, USB, 
1	very slim. nice design. big screen
1	very slim. nice design. braggart screen
1	lightweight, versatile, attractive, slim, tons of features
1	lightweight, versatile, attractive, slim, wads of features
1	EZ 2 Use
1	EZ 2 apply
0	none
0	none
0	short battery life
0	short bombardment life
0	Other Than No Internet Access...I Cannot Find One!!!
0	Other Than No Internet Access...I Cannot receive One!!!
1	Great image quality, premium optics, rock-solid construction, versatility, adjustability, swivel design, attachable lenses and filters.
1	Great image timber, premium optics, rock-solid twist, versatility, adjustability, swivel design, attachable lenses and dribble.
0	Bad quality in low light, bulky case, slow LCD
0	Bad quality in low light, bulky causa, slow LCD
0	Cant Download Ringtones,not loud enough!
0	patois Download Ringtones,not loud enough!
0	Breaks easily, and can sometimes have internal problems depending on the phone itself.
0	discontinue easily, and can sometimes have internal problems reckon on the phone itself.
1	Size
1	sizing
1	small, compact, lightweight, beautiful screen
1	small, stocky, lightweight, beautiful screen
1	tiny, can use 6190 home and car chargers, comes w/ headset
1	diminutive, can use 6190 home and railcar chargers, comes w/ headset
0	read review, there are just too many to list in this little spot.
0	take review, there are just too many to list in this little daub.
0	Low-Battery Life, And Fairly Good Pics. Hard To Hook up with mac
0	Low-Battery Life, And Fairly honest Pics. firmly To Hook up with mac
1	none
1	none
0	Cannot personalize ringtones or wallpaper. No camera, internet, or stylish design.
0	Cannot personalise ringtones or wallpaper. No camera, internet, or stylish intent.
0	Rather bulky
0	sooner bulky
0	Focus sometimes hunts in dim light conditions
0	Focus sometimes hunts in dim illuminate conditions
0	slow recharge of flash, joystick pad a pain sometimes, no wide angle shots
0	slow recharge of flash, joystick diggings a pain sometimes, no wide angle shooter
0	reception, whats reception. volume needs major improvements. needs to have separate ringer.
0	reception, whats reception. volume ask major improvements. needs to have part ringer.
1	Large screen, good reception
1	big screen, good reception
1	Small size, Light weight, Long-life Battery 
1	Small size, Light weighting, Long-life Battery 
1	Size, construction, image quality
1	Size, construction, ikon quality
0	Price may be high for some.  Need to purchase carrying case.
0	Price may be high for some.  postulate to purchase behave case.
0	Finger-hurting keypad and buttons; Sluggish feedback from the UI; The backlit brightness fluctuates
0	Finger-hurting keypad and push; soggy feedback from the UI; The backlit brightness fluctuates
0	Other than the included manual, none
0	Other than the include manual, none
0	No external battery charger.
0	No external battery courser.
0	Loud, small black ink cartridge, no Centronics (parallel) connection.
0	Loud, small nigrify ink cartridge, no Centronics (parallel) connection.
1	Excellent printing, uses plain paper, doesn't get hung up
1	Excellent printing, uses plain paper, doesn't commence hung up
0	cost on the upper end of models
0	cost on the upper end of simulation
1	Small, lightweight, good battery life, decent reception, great price, high speed Internet access.
1	Small, lightweight, good barrage life, decent reception, great price, high hurry Internet access.
0	Draft mode produces squiggly line at bottom.
0	Draft mode produces squiggly stock at bottom.
1	easy to use, great pics, reasonable battery life
1	easy to use, great pics, fair battery life
0	Warm up time - but the tip from the tech guy has fixed this
0	affectionate up time - but the tip from the tech guy has restore this
0	Very poor reception, no normal ringers, tinny sound quality
0	Very poor reception, no normal ringers, tinny legal quality
0	None that matter for real considering the overall value.
0	None that matter for substantial considering the overall value.
1	Acceptable color prints, all in one, no feeds problems
1	Acceptable color prints, all in one, no flow problems
0	Can break if you throw it out of your car at 50 mph
0	Can severance if you throw it out of your machine at 50 mph
1	Reasonably priced, picture quality settings, self timer
1	Reasonably priced, painting quality settings, self timer
1	maneuvers great,durable,lightweight,good resale value
1	channelize great,durable,lightweight,good resale value
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
1	altogether customizable, huge display for a flip, leisurely usage, features galore
1	Ease of use, IR capability
1	Ease of habituate, IR capability
1	Great print quality, reasonable price
1	swell print quality, reasonable price
1	Great Printer... reliable and fantastic print
1	Great Printer... reliable and rattling print
1	Look, feel, reception, battery life, sound quality, and personalization.
1	Look, feel, reception, battery life, sound tone, and personalization.
0	I don't know of any
0	I don't hump of any
1	Price, Ease of Use, Great Software package, factory support
1	Price, Ease of Use, cracking Software package, factory support
1	Great feature set and decent reception
1	Great feature placed and decent reception
1	The fax feature, and scanning feature
1	The fax lineament, and scanning feature
1	good quality, inexpensive , lcd screen
1	honest quality, inexpensive , lcd screen
1	ease of use, price of the camera, and use of floppy  disk
1	simpleness of use, price of the camera, and habit of floppy  disk
1	Nice Image Quality, Good Size, Good Video Quality
1	Nice Image Quality, unspoilt Size, Good Video Quality
0	Battery life is not the greatest
0	Battery life is not the bully
1	FAST, quiet, sleek design
1	loyal, quiet, sleek design
1	vivid color pictures, sharp black text
1	intense color pictures, sharp black text
1	Fast f1.8 lens, Excellent picture quality, 32 mb internal memory buffer, good battery life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Fast f1.8 lens, Excellent picture quality, xxxii Mb internal memory buffer, good battery biography&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Poor design, horrible contacts
0	Poor design, horrible striking
0	breakdowns lack of warranty back up for known fault. poor volume
0	breakdowns lack of warranty backwards up for known fault. miserable volume
1	Hard to beat for the money.
1	concentrated to beat for the money.
1	works, not for a long time
1	wreak, not for a long time
1	Inexpensive, Good print quality, Fast
1	Inexpensive, commodity print quality, Fast
0	none so far
0	none so Interahamwe
1	good software, lots of accessories
1	good software, loads of accessories
0	high price, possibility of Sony making the memstick proprietary
0	highschool price, possibility of Sony making the memstick proprietary
0	DRINKS ink.  Print heads clog continuously.
0	DRINKS ink.  Print drumhead clog continuously.
1	Great value...Packed with features...Easy to use...Large lcd screen...Sharp pictures
1	Great value...Packed with features...prosperous to use...Large lcd screen...Sharp scene
1	Easy to use, relatively inexpensive to take quality photos
1	Easy to use, relatively inexpensive to direct quality photos
0	Menu system is awkward, IRda support in Windows 2000/XP?
0	carte system is awkward, IRda digest in Windows 2000/XP?
1	easy to use, wonderful quality pictures
1	easy to use, wonderful quality icon
0	difficult to flip phone with one hand, pricey
0	difficult to throw phone with one hand, pricey
0	Loss of Time/Date Settings, Loose Casing
0	expiration of Time/Date Settings, Loose Casing
1	Can make outgoing calls if you are lucky; looks ok
1	Can shuffle outgoing predict if you are lucky; looks ok
1	Almost everything.
1	nearly everything.
0	Battery Life when browsing, Bulky
0	Battery Life when browse, Bulky
0	a bit overwhelming for people who haven't had a cell phone before
0	a bit overwhelming for citizenry who haven't had a cell telephone before
1	Easy to use, practical, "cool"
1	promiscuous to use, practical, "cool"
0	Challenged in low-light, a little slow, weak bundle
0	Challenged in low-light, a little slow, frail bundle
0	Battery Power
0	Battery power
0	Size, useless features.
0	Size, useless boast.
1	Extremely customizable; excellent sound; great features; fun games; inexpensive.
1	Extremely customizable; excellent sound; majuscule features; fun games; inexpensive.
1	INCREDIBLY sharp pictures, 3.34 megapixels, less CCD noise than its predecessors, small size, fast transfers, solid construction.
1	INCREDIBLY sharp pictures, trio.34 megapixels, less CCD noise than its predecessors, small-scale size, loyal transfers, solid construction.
0	None
0	none
0	all feature in one
0	all feature in i
0	handle height, recline and basket
0	plow height, recline and basket
0	Wish it had an automatic retracting lens cap. 
0	Wish it had an automatic retracting lens roof. 
1	Fast at both text and color printing
1	Fast at both text and coloration printing
1	value, 4mp, good resolution
1	value, 4mp, goodness resolution
1	Nice small size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Excellent image quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good battery life
1	Nice small size&amp;#13;&amp;#decade;Excellent range quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;beneficial battery life
1	Very easy to use, good printed image quality, priced right.
1	Very easy to manipulation, good printed image quality, priced decently.
1	super convenient
1	first-rate convenient
0	No filter thread, focusing problems, adapters cover focus light
0	No filter wind, focusing problems, adapters cover focus light
0	dim back-light
0	blind back-light
0	batteries drain quickly with LCD use, only equivalent to ISO 100 film..
0	batteries drain cursorily with LCD manipulation, only equivalent to ISO 100 film..
1	Big screen, long battery life, voice recorder and themes
1	Big screen, long battery life, phonation recorder and themes
0	No external flash fitting
0	No external tatty fitting
0	phone is a little hard to program
0	phone is a small hard to program
1	Great sound quality
1	Great sound timbre
0	Cumbersome manual, power consumption with LCD on, didn't include AC adapter, slow response to ready for next shot, not always intuitive menuing
0	Cumbersome manual, mightiness consumption with LCD on, didn't include AC arranger, slow response to ready for next shoot, not constantly intuitive menuing
0	battery life is short
0	battery spirit is short
1	good screen, easy to figure out, good sized keys
1	good sieve, easy to figure out, good sized keys
1	Small and compact. It has excellent 6 times optical zoom for price. Excellent photos.
1	small-scale and compact. It has excellent 6 times optical zoom for Price. Excellent photos.
1	Takes Beautiful Pictures
1	consider Beautiful Pictures
0	battery life suffers with regular alkaline batteries
0	battery life brook with regular alkaline batteries
0	Noseprints on LCD viewer
0	Noseprints on LCD witness
0	Heavy/bulky, no view finder, images blur slightly with movement on occasion
0	Heavy/bulky, no scene finder, range blur slightly with movement on occasion
0	battery life, and no sounds on short movies.
0	battery life, and no sounds on myopic movies.
1	great fabrics, easy to open &amp; close
1	great fabrics, easy to capable &amp; close
1	It takes high quality pictures.
1	It have high quality pictures.
0	Flimsy Antenna, Ringers Could Be Better
0	Flimsy Antenna, Ringers Could Be honorable
0	Sometimes weak reception, sound quality is decent but not fantastic
0	Sometimes weak reception, go quality is seemly but not fantastic
1	very compact, many nice midi ring tones
1	very compact, many nice midi ring step
0	some static and dropped calls, small distance between microphone and receiver.
0	some static and sink squall, small distance between microphone and receiver.
0	slow, can't hold that much paper
0	tiresome, can't hold that much paper
1	Super tiny size, easy to use, great photos.
1	Super tiny size, easy to use, outstanding photos.
0	User interface (menu options)
0	user interface (menu options)
1	Lightweight, compact, and reliable.
1	lightweight, compact, and reliable.
1	picture quality, ease of use, great software
1	picture quality, ease of utilise, great software
0	Have to agree with everyone the lens cap is terrible.
0	Have to gibe with everyone the lens cap is fearsome.
0	could fold a little easier
0	could fold a little gentle
0	Outdated now, no fancy features
0	Outdated now, no fondness features
0	drains batteries quickly, limited alternate power supplies
0	drains batteries quickly, limited alternate power issue
1	Excellent color quality
1	Excellent colouration quality
0	not durable, no web browser, cingular has pretty bad coverage, small buttons
0	not long-lived, no web browser, cingular has pretty bad coverage, humble buttons
1	Cheap
1	tacky
1	Compact - nice camera - buttons accessible - looks good.
1	Compact - nice camera - buttons accessible - expression good.
0	Tray can be tricky to slide out
0	Tray can be tricky to slip out
0	bad software .lousy speakerphone.no seperate controls for vibrate or ring volume (without adjusting the same time the listening volume
0	bad software .lousy speakerphone.no seperate check for vibrate or gang volume (without adjusting the same time the listen book
0	Quick, but not FAST.
0	Quick, but not dissolute.
0	out of every 10 or so uses, it has a printing error
0	out of every tenner or so habituate, it has a printing error
0	Compromised image quality.
0	Compromised ikon quality.
1	big phonebook, light-weight, good amount of features
1	grownup phonebook, light-weight, good amount of features
0	bad consumption of power, get the power supply kit
0	bad consumption of power, get the power issue kit
1	Compact
1	compact
0	So small and light- makes difficult to hold on long calls
0	So small and light- seduce difficult to bind on long calls
1	lightweight, affordable
1	lightweight, low-priced
0	Bulky, Slow Transfer Rates, Bad Zoom, No Lens Cover
0	Bulky, Slow Transfer Rates, Bad Zoom, No Lens plow
0	I've had all kinds of hardware problems.
0	I've had all kinds of ironware problems.
0	$30-35 ink cartridges
0	$30-35 ink magazine
0	Battery life and no floppy disk to hold photos 
0	Battery aliveness and no floppy disk to hold photos 
1	internal antenna, free with plan
1	internal antenna, gratuitous with plan
1	6x optical zoom, manual focus, 3.3 megapixel superCCD sensor, lcd screen
1	6x optical whizz, manual focus, 3.ternary megapixel superCCD sensor, lcd screen
0	Low battery life - A bit outdated by more recent phones - No bluetooth audio
0	low-toned battery aliveness - A bit outdated by more recent phones - No bluetooth audio
0	Not for color printing.
0	Not for colouration printing.
1	Good features vs. price
1	serious features vs. price
1	Excellent voice quality, superb battery life, quality construction
1	Excellent voice quality, superb battery life, quality twist
0	battery-perhaps a Lithium cell instead
0	battery-perhaps a Lithium cadre instead
1	it
1	it
0	Bit expensive
0	mo expensive
1	Small Size, Good battery life, easy to use buttons
1	Small Size, Good battery life, slow to use buttons
1	Fast, clear print quality, scanner cartridge!
1	Fast, make print quality, scanner cartridge!
1	Easy to use, lightweight, picture preview
1	Easy to use, lightweight, depiction preview
0	Short battery life, poor signal strength
0	Short battery life, poor signal potency
0	see op
0	insure op
0	Hard to comfortably.  View finder is so so.  Hate the rubber flap thing
0	severely to comfortably.  View finder is so so.  Hate the rubber flap affair
0	Not loud enough, doesn't clear numbers after call, no vibrate function
0	Not garish enough, doesn't realise numbers after call, no vibrate function
0	The screen is not easy to read in direct sunlight.
0	The screen is not easy to study in steer sunlight.
0	short battery life
0	short battery liveliness
0	envelopes jam; blue lid?
0	envelopes jam; blueing lid?
1	ease of use, floppies, 
1	ease of usance, floppies, 
1	4.1 Megapixels, excellent image quality, great price, incredible battery life, and full manual control options
1	quatern.1 Megapixels, excellent epitome choice, great price, incredible battery life, and full manual control options
0	Weak Flash
0	Weak scoot
0	jam problems!
0	mob problems!
0	a little large...
0	a little vauntingly...
1	Size, features
1	Size, feature
0	Kind of pricey for an umbrella stroller
0	Kind of pricey for an umbrella saunterer
0	Didn't find any
0	Didn't encounter any
0	leather case comes off, hard to learn features, must remove case to charge.
0	leather face amount off, hard to learn features, must remove case to charge.
0	Buy your own cable
0	corrupt your own cable
0	Slow f stop at F4 which is wide open.
0	Slow f stop at F4 which is wide overt.
1	Sleek, slim, light weight, great battery life...
1	Sleek, slim, light-headed weight, great battery life...
1	Good incoming voice clarity, lightweight, pretty good size color screen.
1	Good incoming voice clarity, lightweight, pretty skillful size discolour screen.
1	Not any I can think of.
1	Not any I can imagine of.
0	Expensive ink, eats ink up quickly too
0	expensive ink, eats ink up quickly too
1	optical zoom
1	ocular zoom
1	Sleek
1	sleek
1	Cheap, easy to use, fun
1	bum, easy to use, fun
0	none noted
0	none far-famed
0	Not so convenient for keeping in hand, low vibrate, short accumulator
0	Not so convenient for keeping in pass, depleted vibrate, short accumulator
1	Color screen, good reception, good battery life
1	Color screen, good reception, thoroughly battery life
0	No optical zoom, mechanical defect with lens cap
0	No optical zoom, mechanical defect with lens crown
1	Easy to use, shaped like a normal camera, good price-performance match.
1	Easy to habituate, shaped like a normal camera, good price-performance lucifer.
1	"Spy camera" size. Can go anywhere., , Good quality images.
1	"sleuth camera" size. Can go anywhere., , Good quality images.
0	Still not adequate for action or candid photography.
0	Still not adequate for execute or candid photography.
0	Too large, a bit slow
0	Too large, a flake slow
0	None that I can think of anyway
0	none that I can think of anyway
0	pictures have low resolution and it uses alot of batteries
0	pictures have low resolving and it manipulation alot of batteries
0	Very long wait for technical support (Sprint).
0	very long wait for technical support (Sprint).
1	Easy to fold
1	well-fixed to fold
0	No Borderless prints! 
0	No Borderless print! 
0	Battery life could be better!
0	Battery life could be practiced!
1	Easy to use, small, and a good size LCD.
1	well-heeled to use, small, and a good size LCD.
0	Poor reception, flimsy cover, short battery life
0	Poor reception, flimsy screening, short battery life
1	Thin, light, ease of use, easy to read screen, great keypad, fast battery recharge
1	slender, light, ease of use, easy to read test, great keypad, fast battery recharge
0	need to buy more memory, rechargable batteries, battery charger and adapter, (all for about $100)
0	need to bargain more retention, rechargable batteries, battery charger and adaptor, (all for about $100)
0	A little noisy.
0	a little noisy.
1	Uses a disk, no printer cable needed
1	Uses a disk, no printer cable postulate
1	UMMMM I can make and receive some phone calls, thats about it.
1	UMMMM I can piss and receive some phone shout, thats about it.
0	NO MS-DOS mode printing support!  No USB or Parallel cable included.
0	NO MS-DOS mode printing endure!  No USB or analogue cable included.
0	Batteries do not last very long
0	Batteries do not close very long
0	paper jams
0	paper jampack
0	-Weak Vibration
0	-Weak shakiness
0	low grade pictures, confusing menus, expensive
0	low grade fancy, confusing menus, expensive
0	SERVICE, SERVICE, SERVICE!  
0	SERVICE, SERVICE, overhaul!  
0	The very short battery life.
0	The very short barrage life.
1	Great all-aluminum construction, compact size, fantastic image quality and great body design.
1	Great all-aluminum construction, compact size, fantastic image tone and slap-up body design.
1	speed, durability, space
1	speed, lastingness, space
0	Performs moderate to poor in low lighting conditions, even with flash
0	Performs moderate to poor in low lighting train, evening with flash
1	Price, text quality
1	Price, text prize
1	Stylish; large display; joystick navigation; built-in voice dialing; and MORE!
1	Stylish; large display; joystick pilotage; built-in vocalize dialing; and MORE!
0	Screen malfunctions, erratic reception, clock functions poorly and disappears.
0	Screen malfunctions, erratic response, clock functions poorly and disappears.
1	Good looking, small, light-weight phone. Loaded with features.
1	just looking, small, light-weight phone. Loaded with features.
0	Lacks a Few Nice Features The  360L has
0	Lacks a Few courteous Features The  360L has
1	When it prints a page without jamming and the ink doesn't smear, it looks great!
1	When it prints a page without block and the ink doesn't daub, it see great!
1	reliable and very easy to use
1	reliable and very easy to enjoyment
0	Non-alphabetized phonebook, BUT this phone has voice activated dialing! Manual could be better.
0	Non-alphabetized phonebook, but this phone has voice activated dialing! Manual could be safe.
0	Wish there were more printers like this one
0	Wish there were more printer like this one
1	Easy to use. 
1	Easy to habituate. 
1	1.3 megapixel, quality shots, easy to use, 3x zoom
1	1.tierce megapixel, lineament shots, easy to use, 3x zoom
0	Lighting needs to be perfect, somewhat blurry
0	Lighting needs to be perfect, somewhat foggy
0	a bit pricey, bad viewfinder, weak flash
0	a bit pricey, bad viewfinder, washy flash
1	Very small, functional, reasonable battery life.
1	Very small, working, reasonable battery life.
1	good enough for the basics... cheap.
1	near enough for the basics... cheap.
0	Rechargeable battery doesn't last long.
0	Rechargeable battery doesn't last foresightful.
0	Heavy price tag, No Bluetooth, Screen not "that" bright
0	Heavy price rag, No Bluetooth, Screen not "that" bright
0	Hard to see subject in viewfinder at low light with FL20
0	operose to see subject in viewfinder at low luminousness with FL20
0	Poor low light performance, drains batteries, no flash.
0	Poor low light performance, drains batteries, no wink.
1	Small, Light weight, easy to navigate, clear voice, excellent reception
1	Small, Light weight, sluttish to navigate, clear vocalization, excellent reception
1	Great resolution, fantastic buy if discounted, $75 Nikon rebate through 04/01.
1	nifty resolution, fantastic steal if discounted, $75 Nikon rebate through 04/01.
0	Expensive
0	expensive
0	Poor wallpaper displays, horrible ring tones, no download capability.
0	Poor wallpaper displays, horrible ring tincture, no download capability.
0	Auto Focus can sometime be off, if not a well lit subject.
0	car Focus can sometime be off, if not a considerably lit subject.
0	Must purchase floppy adapter at the very least for any kind of speed in transfer from SmartCard to computer.
0	Must purchase floppy arranger at the very least for any kind of race in transferee from SmartCard to computer.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to utilization
0	Floppy disks don't work with iMacs unless you have an external drive
0	diskette record don't work with iMacs unless you have an external drive
0	Some image quality problems, design problems, stigma of being a Casio
0	approximately epitome quality problems, design problems, stigma of being a Casio
1	Printing quality for both photos and type is excellent
1	Printing calibre for both photos and type is excellent
1	Nice look, not too heavy, cheap, long battery life, good customer care services!
1	Nice look, not too heavy, cheap, long battery life, proficient customer like services!
1	Quality Printer with the HP Quality Name
1	Quality printer with the HP Quality Name
1	Lightweight, lots of features, clam shell style with color.
1	Lightweight, circle of features, clam shell style with color.
0	none at the moment
0	none at the bit
0	Poor engineering. Lacks some important features, others don't work right.
0	Poor engineering. Lacks some important boast, others don't work aright.
1	great images and interface
1	capital images and interface
0	expensive, limited MPEG value
0	expensive, limited MPEG valuate
0	Poor sound quality, not durable, features not that easy to use.
0	Poor well-grounded quality, not lasting, features not that easy to use.
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
1	Bluetooth, big color screen and ample memory
1	Battery life, light and slim, Bluetooth!
1	Battery sprightliness, light and slim, Bluetooth!
0	Cheap
0	crummy
0	Ink is consumed very fast, had some paper feed problems
0	Ink is consumed very fast, had some wallpaper give problems
0	short battery life, slow to load pictures, only optical zoom 
0	short shelling life, slow to load scene, only optical zoom 
0	Initial Purchase Cost
0	Initial leverage Cost
0	EVERYTHING
0	EVERYTHING
0	Outrageously bad telephone support.
0	Outrageously big telephone support.
0	Not worth the money
0	non worth the money
0	I did not like how heavy and big the phone is.
0	I did not like how enceinte and grown the phone is.
0	Overheating, frequently dropped calls, battery life, lack of good airtime log.
0	Overheating, frequently overleap calls, shelling life, lack of good airtime log.
0	no a/c adapter, should come with a neck strap instead of wrist strap.
0	no a/blow adapter, should amount with a neck strap instead of wrist strap.
1	Great image quality,  small lightweight design,  
1	Great image quality,  small lightweight project,  
1	Pictures are easily viewed on tv via video in cable.  
1	depict are easily viewed on video via video in cable.  
1	Lightweight, easy to use, great picture quality
1	Lightweight, easy to use, great see quality
1	Has much needed alarm and removable battery.
1	deliver much needed alarm and removable battery.
0	Incorrect ViewFinder, Small Zoom, No Close-ups, Cost
0	Incorrect ViewFinder, Small whizz, No Close-ups, Cost
1	Easy to use
1	well-situated to use
0	no picture preview, uncommon memory
0	no picture preview, uncommon retentivity
0	noisy
0	noisy
1	Three-in-one inexpensive machine
1	Three-in-one cheap machine
0	can't think of any
0	can't conceive of any
0	dedicated case can not contain camera + filter (which requires an adapter).
0	dedicated instance can not contain camera + filter (which requires an transcriber).
1	Very good quality photos, easy to use.
1	Very good tone photos, easy to use.
1	Superb images of all types. Cartridges are a good value.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Superb epitome of all types. Cartridges are a thoroughly value.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Menu lag, Cost, Web/Music bugs, average resolution/small display, no flash, no external LED, crappy camera
0	Menu lag, Cost, Web/Music bugs, average settlement/lowly display, no flash, no external extend, crappy camera
0	A little slow, uses more ink than usual
0	A little slow, expend more ink than usual
0	LCD doesn't come on automatically
0	LCD doesn't arrive on automatically
1	Not a bad size, colorful face plates, multiple rings
1	Not a risky size, colorful face plates, multiple rings
0	Poor color, especially photos.
0	Poor semblance, especially photos.
0	Reliability, Battery life, Lack of features, Only average or below signal and audio quality
0	Reliability, Battery living, Lack of features, Only mediocre or below signal and audio quality
0	Lots of bugs, horrible wired handsfee sound, easy inadvertently change to silent mode.
0	Lots of badger, horrible wired handsfee sound, easy inadvertently vary to silent mode.
1	Easy file transfer and easy-to-use Kodak image editing software. Camera features are extremely nice.
1	Easy file reassign and easy-to-use Kodak image editing software. Camera feature are extremely nice.
0	durability, glitches in software
0	durability, glitches in package
0	Several fatal flaws; SIZE, Battery longevity, record quality, recording length(1 min max), unintuitive OS, keypad-blech!
0	Several fatal flaws; sizing, Battery longevity, immortalise quality, recording length(one min max), unintuitive OS, keypad-blech!
1	Small, Quality pictures, rechargeable Li-ion battery, great LCD
1	Small, Quality visualise, rechargeable Li-ion battery, great LCD
1	Way too many to list here, read my review.
1	room too many to list here, read my review.
0	proprietary battery and charger.
0	proprietary shelling and charger.
0	One handed use sometimes means you open the battery compartment, turning the camera off.  
0	One reach role sometimes means you open the battery compartment, turning the camera off.  
0	Car seat awkward to carry
0	Car seat inept to carry
1	Great Photographic Printer
1	Great photographic Printer
1	Easy to Use.  Great Crisp Clear Pictures
1	Easy to Use.  Great Crisp illuminate Pictures
1	This phone has about 30 different ringing noises, options, and you can change the look.
1	This phone has about 30 different ringing noises, pick, and you can interchange the search.
0	8MB memory too small and lens cap strap wasn't include
0	8MB memory too small and lens chapiter trounce wasn't include
1	Size, clarity of voices from speakerphone, crisp color screen.
1	Size, clarity of voices from speakerphone, crisp discolour screen.
0	Slow Printing Speed
0	Slow Printing quicken
1	Ease of use and image quality
1	Ease of utilize and image quality
0	For the average person there are many features you will not need to use.
0	For the average person there are many features you will not postulate to consumption.
1	Size, battery life, use-ability
1	Size, battery aliveness, use-ability
1	Great zoom, with wonderful resolution and sharpness.Compact size.
1	Great zoom, with marvelous resolution and sharpness.Compact size.
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
1	Reception, bright sort, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 stand
1	Great Quality, Quiet Operation, Looks Cool, Auto-Paper-Type really works
1	Great Quality, Quiet Operation, looking Cool, Auto-Paper-Type really works
0	Large screen, excellent sound quality, etc.
0	Large screen, excellent fathom quality, etc.
1	Hi-res, convenient file transfer, high magnification, great color.
1	Hi-res, convenient file transfer, high magnification, great tinge.
1	easy to use, saves to disk
1	easy to use, keep to disk
1	Small in size, great picture taking ability
1	Small in size, great picture train ability
1	Inexpensive; prints in color
1	Inexpensive; prints in colourize
0	Some constructional flaws
0	Some constructional fault
1	Easy to use, good sound quality, long battery life, attractive and lightweight phone
1	Easy to use, good healthy quality, long battery biography, attractive and lightweight phone
0	Highest Radiation Warning!!! VERY cheap construction, keypad buttons too small, poor display, overall poor quality.
0	Highest Radiation discourage!!! VERY bum construction, keypad buttons too small-scale, poor display, overall poor quality.
1	size, quick startup, 3MP
1	size, warm startup, 3MP
1	Small, durable, easy functions.
1	Small, durable, gentle functions.
0	Scared of losing it, A bit pricey
0	pock of losing it, A bit pricey
1	pretty display, nice colors, cheap
1	pretty display, nice colors, chintzy
0	Somewhat large
0	Somewhat gravid
0	inability to communicate with pc's
0	unfitness to communicate with pc's
1	Small size, image quality, excellent construction, many features
1	humble size, image quality, excellent construction, many features
1	Great picture quality, great features for price, USB, easy to use
1	keen picture quality, great features for price, USB, promiscuous to use
0	small ink wells, slow 
0	small-scale ink wells, slow 
0	Poor games, ringtones, and menu... ONLY 12 LETTERS TO ENTER FOR NAME
0	Poor games, ringtones, and menu... ONLY 12 letter TO ENTER FOR epithet
0	Too large and heavy for travel
0	Too gravid and heavy for travel
1	Cheap
1	flashy
0	Uses a serial port to transfer, no DC adapter in package.
0	practice a serial port to change, no DC adapter in package.
0	Somewhat clunky, window gets scratched and becomes hard to see through
0	Somewhat clunky, window aim scratched and becomes intemperately to see through
0	Low capacity toner cartridge with unit.
0	blue capacity toner cartridge with unit.
0	Printer broke down right after warranty expired.
0	Printer separate down right after warranty expired.
1	It is very comfortable and easy to use and setup.
1	It is very comfortable and well-heeled to purpose and setup.
0	Blurry pictures, battery dies ---&gt; picture lost,  
0	Blurry pictures, battery dies ---&gt; picture preoccupied,  
1	Small, feature-full, 3.21 megapixel Camera with user friendly layout
1	minuscule, feature-full, terzetto.21 megapixel Camera with user friendly layout
0	Mediocre flash, no flash shoe, no battery meter, proprietary batteries.
0	Mediocre flashbulb, no flashy shoe, no battery meter, proprietary batteries.
1	Amazing print quality
1	Amazing mark quality
0	Very limited use- no flash, too small capacity
0	Very confine use- no flash, too small capacity
0	Bad piece of equipment
0	high-risk piece of equipment
0	I wish I had gotten it sooner
0	I wish i had gotten it sooner
0	Needs Sandisk imagewriter
0	require Sandisk imagewriter
1	Great build quality, unique call-screening feature, easy animated menu, sharp display & very customizable.
1	Great form quality, unique call-screening feature, comfortable animated menu, sharp display & very customizable.
1	Excellent all-around printer
1	Excellent all-around pressman
0	Definitely printer and cartrifge price and poor image stability.
0	Definitely printer and cartrifge price and poor figure stability.
0	... reception(maybe), backlight
0	... reception(possibly), backlight
1	Small, great battery life
1	humble, great battery life
0	Horrible durability
0	Horrible enduringness
1	Solid performer, zoom's great, battery life is good, customizable picture taking settings are easy!
1	Solid performer, zoom's great, battery life is good, customizable characterization taking setting are easy!
1	3 in 1,, fairly cheap,, easy to use
1	3 in 1,, fairly cheap,, comfortable to use
0	Hard to find accessories, could have shipped with better battery.
0	Hard to discover accessories, could have shipped with effective battery.
0	None
0	none
1	Lightweight, easy to use, one handed steering
1	Lightweight, easy to employment, one handed steering
0	Fair Battery-life, hard for one-hand operation, Dim Screen, One-Beep Alarm/reminder, Doggy reception, Weak Vibration....
0	Fair Battery-life, hard for one-hand operation, dull riddle, One-Beep Alarm/reminder, Doggy reception, rickety Vibration....
0	Everything else. Do not buy this phone!
0	Everything else. ut not buy this phone!
1	Quality digital pictures, easy use, many features, great value
1	Quality digital pictures, easy use, many features, outstanding value
1	Good quality photos, price
1	unspoiled quality photos, price
1	High res, excellent pics, movie mode w/ audio, TONS of features.
1	High res, excellent pics, movie mode W/ audio, oodles of features.
1	Loads of features.
1	Loads of sport.
0	Expensive picture cards if you want a larger one
0	Expensive picture plug-in if you want a larger one
0	comes with a small memory stick (16 MB), needs a stronger zoom
0	descend with a small memory perplex (16 MB), needs a stronger zoom
1	great pictures
1	great photo
0	Price, storage, car base difficult to install.
0	Price, storage, car basal difficult to install.
0	makes me look girlie
0	get me look girlie
0	You may lose it if you don't keep tabs on it!
0	You may lose it if you don't dungeon tab on it!
1	Separate ink cart. Quick. Easy install. Prints good photos, great graphics.
1	Separate ink cart. agile. well-fixed install. Prints good photos, great graphics.
1	Get organized, surf the web, play games and talk on the phone!
1	Get coordinate, surf the web, act games and talk on the phone!
0	not a blessed thing
0	not a blamed thing
0	Somewhat flimsy casing and buttons, internal antenna does not pay off in low reception areas
0	Somewhat flimsy casing and buttons, internal antenna does not devote off in low-pitched reception expanse
0	none to speak of
0	none to talk of
1	Attractive, light, long battery life
1	Attractive, light, long battery liveliness
1	Good battery life
1	full battery life
0	Problems with Carkit "handsfree" recharge.
0	trouble with Carkit "handsfree" recharge.
1	thin, looks nice
1	thin, looks decent
0	Overprice cartridge
0	Overprice magazine
0	Everything
0	Everything
0	Size, options, display
0	sizing, options, display
1	Amazing image quality, Fast print speeds, 
1	Amazing image quality, degenerate print speeds, 
0	No menu system- confusing to use
0	No carte system- confusing to use
1	Features, size, display and data connectivity.
1	characteristic, size, display and data connectivity.
1	Quality, speed, ease of use, price
1	Quality, speed, ease of employ, price
0	Worthless manual
0	wretched manual
0	Screen and buttons small depending on what you're used to
0	screenland and buttons small depending on what you're practice to
0	small; menu shortcuts; NiMH battery
0	modest; menu shortcuts; NiMH battery
0	confusing technical assistance
0	blur technical assistance
1	Like I said before .. It prints great
1	Like I said before .. It prints big
1	Great picture quality, configurable, hackable, customizeable scripts
1	majuscule picture quality, configurable, hackable, customizeable scripts
1	very easy to use, portable, fast, Awesome!
1	very easy to use, portable, fasting, Awesome!
0	Can be confusing to use, not sleek looking, batteries not long lasting.
0	sack be confusing to use, not sleek attend, batteries not long lasting.
1	Fast, Fun, And Easy To Use! 
1	profligate, Fun, And Easy To Use! 
1	Very compact and light
1	Very compact and igniter
0	Needs bigger card, eats batteries
0	Needs bigger card, chow batteries
1	6X Optical Zoom, 3.3MP Images, Movie Mode with Sound, Fuji Brand
1	6X Optical Zoom, ternion.3MP visualize, Movie Mode with Sound, Fuji Brand
0	Autofocus tends to hunt a lot, slow startup time
0	Autofocus incline to hunt a lot, slow startup time
0	the on/off button is a little 'touchy'
0	the on/off button is a piffling 'touchy'
0	No viewfinder, poor battery with no way to improve, not enough memory included, too bulky.
0	No viewfinder, hapless barrage with no means to improve, not enough memory included, too bulky.
1	CHEAP!! And its a cell phone
1	CHEAP!! And its a cell headphone
0	camera gets into its own way
0	camera stupefy into its own way
1	fast, quiet, good quality
1	fast, quiet, skillful quality
0	Recessed buttons (hard to dial quickly), button feedback could be improved, and slightly bulky.
0	Recessed buttons (backbreaking to dial apace), button feedback could be improved, and slightly bulky.
0	Phone's key pad can get hot
0	Phone's key aggrandize can get hot
1	vivid color pictures, sharp text
1	vivid color envision, sharp text
0	A little heavy
0	A little labored
1	Quality of Pictures, Quality &amp;amp; Feel of Camera
1	Quality of depiction, Quality &amp;amp; Feel of Camera
0	None
0	none
0	needs two cartridges, i think it should be in one
0	need two cartridges, i think it should be in unrivalled
0	Smallish buttons, three-bar battery level display
0	Smallish buttons, three-bar battery flat display
0	None
0	none
0	delay between snap of button and actual picture taking; short battery life
0	delay between shoot of button and actual picture hire; short battery life
0	zoom lens, ackward lens cap
0	surge lens, ackward lens cap
1	Great general print quality.  Photo prints great on standard sized paper. 
1	Great general print lineament.  Photo prints great on touchstone sized paper. 
0	No camera, internet service is slow
0	No camera, internet service is obtuse
0	yt
0	yt
1	Trustworthy customer service, excellent print and picture quality
1	Trustworthy customer service, fantabulous print and picture quality
1	Great feature set.
1	Great feature solidifying.
1	Great price, battery life, and picture quality!
1	Great price, battery life, and picture tone!
0	Battery life
0	Battery animation
1	Great quality, resolution, movie, sound
1	Great quality, resolution, movie, legal
0	Battery needs to be replaced quickly
0	Battery necessarily to be replaced quickly
0	breaking antenna, bad reception
0	expose antenna, bad reception
0	NO speaker phone option, no digital camera
0	NO speaker call option, no digital camera
1	Size, Battery life, Radio, Easy to Use
1	Size, Battery life, Radio, Easy to exercise
0	"Blue wash" when taking pictures in bright sunlight, serial connection
0	"Blue wash" when taking characterization in brilliant sunlight, serial connection
1	Small, lightweight, attractive, customization is easy.
1	Small, lightweight, attractive, customization is sluttish.
1	Good quality printing, inexpensive, small size, very affordable ink.
1	skillful quality printing, inexpensive, small size, very affordable ink.
0	Slightly clumsy
0	slimly clumsy
1	Top notch quality, Excellent reception, Camera, Aluminum frame, Well thoughtout design
1	clear notch quality, Excellent reception, Camera, Aluminum figure, Well thoughtout design
1	Small, beautiful, customizable phone. Has the most features of any phone in the US!
1	modest, beautiful, customizable phone. Has the most features of any ring in the US!
0	phonebook not alphabetized, limited ring tones
0	phonebook not alphabetized, limited ring timber
1	Great Speaker phone. Great Voice dial Feature.  Easy to use.
1	Great Speaker phone. Great Voice dial Feature.  sluttish to employ.
0	none
0	none
0	Average macro mode and slow start-up 
0	Average macro mode and behind start-up 
0	4 mb memory stick that comes with it should be bigger
0	tetrad mb memory amaze that comes with it should be bigger
1	small, lightweight, durable, easy to use
1	small, lightweight, durable, loose to use
1	Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
1	Good 'phone' find and sound quality.
1	ZOOM!, extensive manual controls
1	ZOOM!, panoptic manual controls
1	Camera capabilities, tri-band, GPRS high speed data.
1	Camera capabilities, tri-band, GPRS highschool speed data.
0	Turns on and off really easily when putting it into camera bag.
0	tour on and off really easily when set it into camera bag.
1	Sound Quality. Clear Picture. External Battery. Features.
1	Sound Quality. unclutter Picture. External Battery. Features.
0	handsfree low volume, size must be smaller
0	handsfree humbled volume, size must be smaller
1	Nice toy for the looks.
1	Nice toy for the tone.
0	Way to hard to charge!!
0	Way to hard to tutelage!!
0	So many features that it's a bit confusing
0	So many features that it's a scrap confusing
0	None
0	none
0	No AC adapter included
0	No AC adapter admit
1	Decent resolution
1	adequate resolution
0	slow, not recommended for bulk printing jobs or high end work
0	slow, not recommended for bulk printing chore or high end act
0	Not real good at quick shots.  
0	Not real good at nimble shots.  
0	battery life is average
0	shelling life is average
1	small, durable, many options
1	small, durable, many pick
1	Nice features, flip convenience, strong reception.
1	Nice features, flip convenience, stiff reception.
0	not a good name brand
0	not a safe name brand
1	Good size, takes excellent pictures in natural lighting, faster shutter speed than some,good price.
1	Good size, have excellent pictures in natural lighting, dissipated shutter speed than some,good Price.
1	good quality
1	good prime
0	Only so-so image quality at best.
0	Only so-so icon quality at best.
1	Good controls, sharp pictures, good manual mode
1	Good controls, sharp ikon, good manual mode
1	Small, quiet, photo quality, provides excellent prints on glossy paper
1	Small, quiet, exposure quality, furnish excellent prints on glossy paper
1	print quality, ease of use
1	print lineament, ease of use
0	Some of the bundled software was useless to me.
0	about of the bundled software was useless to me.
0	Big, heavy...somewhat complicated when using advanced features...Problems with battery life and focus. 
0	Big, labored...somewhat complicated when using advanced features...Problems with battery life and concenter. 
1	Super zoom, great action photography, and the best digital movies ever.
1	super zoom, neat action photography, and the best digital movies ever.
1	A jewel.  Affordable excellence.
1	A jewel.  affordable excellence.
0	LCD smears
0	LCD blot
1	Creative phone covers.
1	Creative phone overlay.
0	Tears and destroys standard bond paper. Better support from a training bra. 90 day warranty.
0	shoot and destroys standard adhesiveness paper. Better support from a train bra. 90 day warranty.
0	Flawed lens cap design, poor viewfinder, skimpy memory card, no AC adapter, no rechargeable batteries.
0	Flawed lens pileus design, poor viewfinder, skimpy retentiveness bill, no AC adapter, no rechargeable batteries.
1	Very Inexpensive! Multifunctional and Esy to Set Up!
1	Very Inexpensive! Multifunctional and Esy to situated Up!
1	Many features, if you can get the phone to work in the 1st place.
1	Many features, if you can get the phone to influence in the 1st home.
0	Poor reception
0	inadequate reception
0	lid feels a little loose when fully opened, not a big deal.
0	lid feels a little loose when fully opened, not a large mickle.
1	Cheap
1	bum
1	Thin and light.  Good sound quality.  Dual Band.  Battery built in!
1	Thin and wakeful.  Good good quality.  Dual Band.  Battery built in!
1	Small,compact
1	diminished,compact
1	Lightweight, compact digital camera, very easy to use.  
1	Lightweight, compact digital camera, very gentle to use.  
0	Uploading hassle. &amp;quot;Techy&amp;quot; manual and not so easy to use.
0	Uploading chivvy. &amp;quot;pettish&amp;quot; manual and not so easy to use.
0	little expensive, little hard to figure out how to attatch pictures
0	little expensive, footling hard to picture out how to attatch pictures
0	everything else
0	everything else
0	You've got to wait a long time before it prints for the primming process.
0	You've drive to wait a long time before it prints for the primming sue.
1	fabulous!
1	mythic!
1	Note-taking ability: 'jotter'. [More details in Body]
1	Note-taking ability: 'jotter'. [More details in eubstance]
0	High cost per page, may be overtaken by newer printers
0	High cost per page, may be overpower by young printers
1	Ease of use, photo quality, don't need a computer
1	Ease of use, photo quality, don't need a reckoner
0	It always felt so cheap and flimsy to me
0	It always felt so meretricious and flimsy to me
1	great quality, low cost
1	great quality, blue cost
1	Incredible picture quality.  Long battery life
1	Incredible photo quality.  Long battery life
1	Full professional digital SLR
1	wax professional digital SLR
1	Very Reliable! Easy to set up. 
1	Very Reliable! Easy to do up. 
1	Terrific photo quality, great support, easy to use
1	Terrific photo quality, great support, sluttish to use
0	not a one
0	not a i
1	Display Rocks, Has bluetooth built in, swivel camera
1	Display Rocks, experience bluetooth built in, swivel camera
1	Small, affordable.
1	lowly, affordable.
0	absolutely none
0	dead none
1	Excellent photos, use it in the auto mode or make all your manual settings!
1	first-class photos, use it in the auto mode or hit all your manual settings!
0	Only 16 MG of internal memory, Secure Digital is the only memory upgrade avaliable.
0	Only 16 Mg of internal memory, ensure Digital is the only memory upgrade avaliable.
1	world phone, fits in my pocket, ok reception, sleek aluminum casing, free
1	man phone, fits in my pocket, ok reception, sleek aluminum casing, unloose
0	Lens cover is not attached
0	Lens traverse is not attached
0	none
0	none
0	Poor reception, easily damaged, bulky, heavy
0	Poor reception, easily damaged, bulky, laboured
0	No zoom
0	nobelium zoom
1	Great Sony quality, clear images/resolution
1	neat Sony quality, clear images/resolution
1	great color, great sound
1	great color, peachy sound
0	Size, ink compatibility, speed
0	Size, ink compatibility, zip
0	Text quality &amp; speed not good - &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Expensive electronic ink cartridges
0	Text lineament &amp; speed not secure - &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Expensive electronic ink cartridges
1	overall great printer
1	overall corking printer
0	price
0	cost
1	Good price, feature-rich, ext. flash hot-shoe
1	Good price, feature-rich, ext. newsflash hot-shoe
0	Bulky. &#13;&#10;Not many bells and whistles.
0	Bulky. &#13;&#X;Not many bells and whistles.
1	Prints fast and quietly and never fails
1	Prints libertine and quietly and never fails
0	Bad speakerphone engineering, could find a better phone for the same money
0	Bad speakerphone organise, could find a amend phone for the same money
0	price, closing is hard until you get the hang of it
0	price, closing is surd until you get the attend of it
1	can't say without installing
1	can't enounce without installing
0	ring/vibrate not simultaneous, "cute" menus, screen dim in daylight, charger 'plug' difficult to remove.
0	ring/vibrate not simultaneous, "cunning" carte, screen dimmed in daylight, charger 'plug' difficult to remove.
0	Keypad can wear out over time, Joystick can access the wrong item sometimes
0	Keypad can wear out over time, Joystick can admittance the wrongly item sometimes
0	none yet.
0	none nevertheless.
1	Smallest 3MP camera on the market; loaded with features; great picture quality!
1	Smallest 3MP camera on the market; cockeyed with features; neat picture quality!
1	Good Quality, Price, Features and Ease of Use
1	Good Quality, Price, boast and Ease of Use
0	no major flaws
0	no major fault
0	Poor reception, too many features and options
0	Poor reception, too many boast and options
0	Bottom of stroller has a plastic bumper that pops off sometimes!
0	bed of pram has a plastic bumper that pops off sometimes!
0	Noisy, paper jams
0	Noisy, composition jams
0	Tends to pull more than one sheet of paper
0	Tends to overstretch more than one sheet of paper
0	Does not come with a case.  16mb flash card allows for only 20 photos. 
0	Does not come with a fount.  16mb flashy card allows for only 20 photos. 
1	Compact, easy to use, great pictures
1	Compact, easy to use, heavy pictures
0	Batterys dead after 40 pictures, MAJOR lag time
0	Batterys dead after 40 photograph, MAJOR lag time
0	Questionable quality control.  Poorly designed power usage.
0	Questionable quality moderate.  Poorly designed power usage.
1	It is lightweight and easy to use.
1	It is lightweight and light to use.
0	Kind of large, no internet connectivity (WAP)
0	Kind of orotund, no internet connectivity (WAP)
0	PRICE!!!, no expansion capabilities.
0	PRICE!!!, no expansion capability.
0	Only USB (no parallel) connectivity, ink cartridges are pricey
0	sole USB (no parallel) connectivity, ink cartridges are pricey
1	Nice price, easy to use, decent pictures, battery life
1	Nice price, easy to use, decent flick, battery life
1	excellent photos, CF memory, point-and-click
1	excellent photos, Cf memory, point-and-click
0	Print speed could be better.
0	Print speed could be good.
1	Size & weight are ideal for the price. Easy to use and looks great, too!
1	size & weight are ideal for the price. Easy to manipulation and looks great, too!
0	loud, takes a long time to warm up/print a page
0	gimcrack, necessitate a long time to warm up/print a page
0	Tricky to fold and latch, cost
0	Tricky to sheepfold and latch, cost
1	Steers great
1	channelise great
1	Picture quality, Available features, Li-Ion battery.
1	Picture quality, uncommitted features, Li-Ion battery.
0	Keeps reverting to default picture mode (HQ) each time cameram is turned off.
0	Keeps retrovert to default characterization mode (HQ) each time cameram is turned off.
0	Loud, high cost of ink
0	Loud, heights cost of ink
1	Everything you need rolled up into one device
1	Everything you need rolling up into one device
0	Size, easy to lose
0	Size, easy to recede
1	Text clarity, speed, affordability, size
1	Text lucidness, speed, affordability, size
1	Aesthetically-pleasing camera
1	Aesthetically-pleasing camera
0	Slow recycle time between shots. No optical zoom.
0	Slow recycle time between barb. No optical zoom.
1	compact, 2 megapixels, works well with my MAC!!!
1	compact, 2 megapixels, influence well with my MAC!!!
0	slow to write images to flash card, can't download all pictures at the same time to a folder, must download one picture at a time
0	boring to write images to flashy card, can't download all see at the same time to a folder, must download unitary envision at a time
0	paper handling can be tricky
0	paper handling can be slick
1	OUTSTANDING resolution; ease of operation, light weight (compared to others)
1	OUTSTANDING closure; relief of operation, light weight (compared to others)
0	It will cost you #200
0	It will price you #200
0	Digital pictures instead of real pics - clear enough &amp;gt;? Not sure yet 
0	Digital characterization instead of real pics - gain enough &amp;gt;? Not sure yet 
1	cheap
1	chinchy
1	Cheap phone, good bang for your buck, appealing look
1	Cheap phone, good slapdash for your buck, appealing look
1	Small, Cost efficient
1	low, Cost efficient
1	Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
1	Wow what a camera, easy to employment, has some advanced functions, and it operate!!
1	7x Zoom, 5Meg Pixel, Fully Manual Control over everything
1	7x Zoom, 5Meg Pixel, amply Manual Control over everything
0	Moderately expensive.
0	passably expensive.
1	Small size, improved functions, stainless steel body, options!, and more
1	modest size, improved mapping, stainless steel body, options!, and more
0	Not exactly the most &quot;high-tech&quot; of phones currently available.
0	not just the most &quot;high-tech&quot; of phones currently available.
0	poor color printing, eats up ink
0	piteous color printing, eats up ink
0	Analog
0	parallel
0	Now only comes with 8MB card.  Batteries do not last (under 15 pictures)
0	nowadays only comes with 8MB card.  Batteries do not net (under 15 pictures)
1	In one word: ZOOM: this has one of the best zooms I've seen at 10x optical
1	inward one news: ZOOM: this has one of the honest zooms I've seen at 10x optical
1	good quality, see pictures in an instant
1	good quality, see movie in an instant
0	umption
0	umption
1	Stylish, long battery life at first, semi durable, now has second generation
1	Stylish, farsighted battery life at low, semi durable, now has second generation
0	Misrepresentation, dishonest practices and tactics.
0	Misrepresentation, dishonest exercise and tactics.
1	Tiny, extremely lightweight, feature-packed
1	petite, extremely lightweight, feature-packed
1	Great pictures, easy to use, good exposure/color control.
1	Great envision, easy to use, good exposure/color control.
1	Good menus, price, solid reception
1	ripe menus, price, solid reception
0	slow serial connection, no optical zoom
0	slowly serial connection, no optical zoom
1	Size and Weight, awesome clear screen,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Size and weight, awesome realize screen,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Fails when trying to fill a 256MB SD card with content (still and/or video).
0	fail when nerve-racking to fill a 256MB SD card with contentedness (still and/or video).
1	can pull in a signal where others can't.
1	can rive in a signal where others can't.
0	Battery life; lack of ring tones; difficulty overall
0	Battery life; deficiency of ring tones; difficulty overall
0	Pricey toy, Not meant for fast repetitive shooting, lighting stinks
0	Pricey dally, Not meant for fast repetitive shooting, ignite stinks
0	Camera, Internet too easy to get too by mistake
0	Camera, Internet too easy to have too by mistake
1	range, small, durability, features, and attachments
1	grade, small, durability, features, and attachments
0	Major screen problems
0	Major shield problems
1	Convenient and easy to use.
1	Convenient and leisurely to use.
0	Slow,    not as clear as the other deskjets.
0	Slow,    not as illuminate as the other deskjets.
1	Great flexibility, solid metal body, very fast lens.
1	Great flexibility, solid metal body, very quick lens.
1	Direct Connect
1	address Connect
1	Small, 3X Optical/9X digital zoom, Quicktime Movie mode, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
1	Small, 3X optical/9X digital zoom, Quicktime Movie style, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
1	Great voice quality, color screen, excellent reception, full of features.
1	Great voice prime, color screenland, excellent reception, full of features.
0	Shakes a bit when printing
0	Shakes a spot when printing
1	Size/USB Interface/Storage Capacity/2Mpixels/Zoom/Menu
1	Size/USB Interface/Storage capacity/2Mpixels/Zoom/Menu
1	Compact, Lightweight, and Feature-Filled.
1	summary, Lightweight, and Feature-Filled.
1	Easy to setup and install
1	well-situated to setup and install
1	very light, and small
1	very unaccented, and small
0	None
0	none
0	No soft-power on, single cartridge design
0	No soft-power on, exclusive cartridge design
0	delicate, sometimes doesn't work with no reason
0	delicate, sometimes doesn't work with no understanding
1	price
1	terms
0	As always, expensive inks.
0	arsenic always, expensive inks.
0	Reliability!
0	dependableness!
0	terrible battery life. sluggish performance. electronic viewfinder. ISO 400 seems insufficient.
0	terrible battery lifetime. torpid performance. electronic viewfinder. ISO 400 seems insufficient.
1	high resolution, speed, quiet, compact size, user friendly
1	high resolution, speed, quiet, succinct size, user friendly
1	ease of use, customizable O/S, good quality image &amp;amp; color
1	ease of use, customizable oxygen/S, commodity quality image &amp;amp; color
0	Slow boot-up, some menu functions are annoying and cumbersome.
0	obtuse boot-up, some menu functions are annoying and cumbersome.
0	paper misfeeds, driver freezes, difficult ink cartridge loading
0	paper misfeeds, driver immobilise, difficult ink cartridge loading
0	Ringtones, I want programmable ring tones! :)
0	Ringtones, unity want programmable ring tones! :)
0	Its hard to hear sometimes in stores,depends on what store though.
0	Its unvoiced to listen sometimes in stores,depends on what store though.
0	Should be 15% smaller, no expansion slot , color screen would be way cool.
0	Should be 15% smaller, no expansion slot , color screen would be room assuredness.
1	Low Cost, Easy To Use, USB Interface, Acceptable Picture Quality
1	low-pitched Cost, Easy To practice, USB Interface, Acceptable Picture Quality
1	Nice print quality
1	Nice print choice
1	cheap, cheap, cheap. Excellent text and photo quality prints. 
1	cheap, cheesy, cheap. Excellent text and photo quality prints. 
0	USB somewhat unreliable
0	USB somewhat treacherous
0	Low battery life, no audio for video
0	Low shelling life, no audio for video
0	1-way speakerphone, faceplate difficulties
0	1-way speakerphone, faceplate difficulty
0	none that I can think of
0	none that I can opine of
0	occasional problems with battery
0	occasional problems with barrage
0	none
0	none
1	Excellent print quality, fast, good included software, quiet, inexpensive to operate.
1	Excellent print quality, flying, good included software, quiet, inexpensive to engage.
1	Impressive detail of the image, natural color.
1	Impressive detail of the persona, natural color.
1	perfect prints! Fast printing
1	perfect prints! Fast print
1	can choose which pictures to keep
1	can select which pictures to keep
0	A bit expensive
0	A turn expensive
1	Camera, video, bluetooth
1	camera, video, bluetooth
0	Size.  No games, calculater, etc.
0	sizing.  No games, calculater, etc.
0	Phone is bulky and heavy, and the alert can get annoying
0	Phone is bulky and heavy, and the alert can stick teasing
0	everything else
0	everything else
1	Looks nice.
1	attend nice.
1	3.2MP resolution, USB, crystal clear pictures, compact, rechargeable battery, Self-Timer, movie mode for $250
1	three.2MP resolution, USB, crystal solve pictures, press, rechargeable battery, Self-Timer, movie mode for $250
0	Not Really Fully Bluetooth<p> Durability<p>
0	Not Really Fully Bluetooth<P> Durability<p>
1	excellent photos, feature rich, heavy.
1	excellent photos, feature rich, big.
1	Fun and Easy to use. Variety of modes.
1	Fun and Easy to utilize. Variety of modes.
1	Combination phone, looks great, large screen
1	Combination phone, looks great, enceinte screen
0	No real complaints, feels a little too "plastic-y", wish it was a little thinner
0	No genuine complaints, feels a piffling too "plastic-y", wish it was a little thinner
0	Expensive, stability
0	Expensive, stableness
1	flexible, rugged, high quality
1	flexible, rugged, heights quality
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	some neutered features, small navigation return, and poor external display planning.
1	Compact, easy to use
1	Compact, easy to utilization
1	Fairly decent for someone just learning to use a digital camera
1	middling decent for someone just acquire to use a digital camera
0	tiny fonts, high learning curve, drops address book entries, not durable, screen invisible outdoors
0	tiny fonts, high learning curve, drops address book ingress, not durable, screenland invisible outdoors
1	Very Clear, Large Phone Book, Lots of Ring Tones, Online Capablitity
1	Very Clear, heavy Phone Book, Lots of ringing Tones, Online Capablitity
0	none
0	none
1	Colour Screen, Polyphonic ringtones, camera, games
1	discolor Screen, Polyphonic ringtones, camera, games
1	Very easy to use
1	Very well-off to use
0	Uses slightly-slower Smartmedia memory
0	utilize slightly-slower Smartmedia memory
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice cover, Battery Life, storage upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Features and price.
1	characteristic and price.
1	Great size, good battery life, rings or vibrates.
1	Great size, good battery life, telephone or vibrates.
1	Produces quality print jobs, scan images and copies
1	Produces prize print jobs, scan images and copies
1	The Lens (7x's optical zoom), 5.24 Megapixels, Gorgeous Photos, SLR-like 
1	The Lens (7x's ocular zoom), 5.twenty-four Megapixels, Gorgeous Photos, SLR-like 
1	Ease of use, photo quality, movies with sound, zoom, fast recharge, features
1	informality of use, photo quality, movie with sound, zoom, fast recharge, features
0	A bit slow in color mode
0	A minute slow in color mode
1	Nice loud ring options , convenient send to mailbox side buttons
1	Nice tacky ring options , convenient send to postbox side buttons
1	does not screw up; crisp, clear images; good ergonomics
1	does not fucking up; crisp, clear images; good ergonomics
1	The printer is great at doing color and B&amp;W prints. 
1	The printer is great at doing colouration and B&amp;W impress. 
0	No complaints
0	No complaint
0	2x zoom, battery life
0	2x zoom, bombardment life
0	Battery life demands a 2nd battery
0	Battery lifetime demands a 2nd battery
1	Good Color Scanning and Printing. Great Fax Features.
1	full Color Scanning and Printing. Great Fax Features.
1	ease of use, easily installed,  
1	informality of use, easily installed,  
1	Changeable faceplates, long battery life, great reception, durable construction.
1	Changeable faceplates, long battery life, large reception, durable construction.
1	Jetsons Styling, High Print Quality, Mini-Me Cartridges
1	Jetsons Styling, richly Print Quality, Mini-Me Cartridges
1	size, price
1	size, terms
1	Great picture quality, optical zoom and digital zoom, fast downloads
1	Great video quality, optical zoom and digital zoom, quick downloads
1	Power management is great.&#13;&#10;PalmOS with real web power.
1	Power management is great.&#13;&#10;PalmOS with very web exponent.
0	Bulky, slow organiser, hard to set up
0	Bulky, slow organiser, hard to do up
1	Affordable, Easy-to-use, Great Quality
1	Affordable, Easy-to-use, peachy Quality
1	Small size, 2 MegaPixel, 3x Optical, stainless steel body, Lotta Features, more
1	minor size, 2 MegaPixel, 3x Optical, stainless sword body, Lotta Features, more
0	bad in low lighting situations
0	bad in low unhorse situations
1	Very compact for a double stroller, inexpensive, gets the job done
1	Very stocky for a double stroller, inexpensive, develop the job done
0	Nokia's poor CDMA implementation, no WAP, had to have phone replaced
0	Nokia's pitiable CDMA implementation, no WAP, had to have call replaced
1	Easy to navigate.  Backlighting makes it easy to see.
1	Easy to navigate.  Backlighting seduce it easy to see.
1	1 Megapixel, Price, Zoom, Easy to use, great indoor quality.
1	1 Megapixel, terms, Zoom, Easy to use, great indoor choice.
0	Drum unit gave out after 13 months of light home use.
0	Drum unit pass out after 13 months of light home enjoyment.
1	6x Zoom, , Commonly available media format , Takes amazing photos for 2 megapixel., Extra functionality 
1	6x Zoom, , Commonly available media format , read amazing photos for two megapixel., Extra functionality 
0	&amp;#13;&amp;#10;The small icons are difficult to read.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	&amp;#13;&AMP;#10;The small icons are difficult to scan.&ampere;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Good quality,
1	beneficial quality,
0	Software booklet unavailable and help is very limited, not a good choice for professionals, photo graininess enhancement limited.
0	Software booklet unavailable and supporter is very determine, not a good choice for professionals, photo graininess enhancement specify.
1	Accurate color, Crisp definition
1	Accurate color, crispen definition
1	6x optical zoom, AA batteries, easy point and shoot mode.
1	6x optical zoom, AA batteries, tardily point and dash mode.
0	Limited zoom and eats batteries
0	throttle zoom and eats batteries
1	Cost, HP name, works well until it breaks
1	Cost, HP name, works well until it wear
0	Terrible red-eye problem
0	awful red-eye problem
1	its a motorola. 2-way radio, good reception
1	its a motorola. 2-way radio, well reception
0	Features make it complicated to use.
0	Features seduce it complicated to use.
0	no firewire port, no photoshop plug in, poor download software
0	no firewire port, no photoshop punch in, short download software
1	cheap, output same as 890cse, outstanding paper handling, HP black
1	flashy, output same as 890cse, outstanding paper handling, HP shameful
0	None!
0	none!
1	Ease of use, ease of migrating files to PC or Mac
1	facilitate of use, alleviate of migrating files to PC or Mac
1	small, sound quality, color screens
1	small, sound quality, colouring screens
0	Digital, not optical, zoom; sluggish processing speed; battery-sucker
0	Digital, not optical, zoom; sluggish processing hie; battery-sucker
1	Size, power, attitude
1	Size, king, attitude
1	All the basic features needed.  USB interface.
1	All the BASIC features needed.  USB interface.
1	Worked great for the first year, portable, good battery life.
1	Worked large for the 1st year, portable, good battery life.
0	lousy design on paper tray
0	lousy design on wallpaper tray
0	Old.
0	sometime.
1	Looks pretty cool, nice ring tones
1	Looks pretty cool, nice ring tint
1	Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
1	Beautiful sieve & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
1	Superb physical design. Easy to use.  Terrific features.
1	Superb physical design. gentle to use.  Terrific features.
0	Below average image editing software. 
0	Below medium image editing software. 
1	inexpensive, excellent print quality
1	inexpensive, splendid print quality
0	Smearing, bad print quality, noise, refusing to print, printing worthless symbols &amp;amp; characters
0	Smearing, bad print quality, resound, refusing to print, printing worthless symbols &amp;amp; quality
0	Uses batteries up real fast and the view screen is a little small
0	Uses batteries up real dissipated and the view screen is a little small-scale
0	can be a little expensive
0	can be a lilliputian expensive
1	Fast USB transfer, many features, sturdy body &amp; design
1	Fast USB transfer, many features, sturdy body &amp; intent
1	This camera was the most affordable 3.1 megapixel model I found.
1	This camera was the most affordable 3.ane megapixel model i found.
1	cheap
1	flashy
0	Several things.
0	Several thing.
0	none
0	none
1	all-in-one device, size, color screen
1	all-in-one device, size, color riddle
1	good price, easy to use
1	good price, easy to usance
0	Uses a lot of ink.
0	Uses a slew of ink.
1	very nice exterior design
1	very gracious exterior design
0	Using LCD eats batteries, 
0	habituate LCD eats batteries, 
0	Not too many extras.
0	Not too many extra.
0	shutter delay, no USB connector
0	shutter delay, no USB connective
1	Very clear pictures
1	Very clear delineation
1	sleek style small size easy to use
1	sleek style small size easy to manipulation
0	The paper manual is apparently written by someone who has never used the phone.
0	The paper manual is apparently written by soul who has never expend the phone.
1	Easy to use with one had or two
1	sluttish to use with one had or two
1	price &amp; style
1	price &amp; flair
1	4.0 MegaPixels, 4x Zoom, Capability for SmartMedia &amp; Compact Flash.
1	4.0 MegaPixels, 4x Zoom, Capability for SmartMedia &amp; summary jiffy.
1	Durability, image quality, quiet operation, speed.
1	lastingness, image quality, quiet operation, speed.
1	Compact size, lots of programming options
1	Compact size, destiny of programming options
1	Durability(trust me-I have a 2 yr old), Clarity, portability, fast charging time.
1	Durability(swear me-I have a 2 yr old), Clarity, portability, fast level time.
0	hard to figure out how to download images for the background.  need special usb cable
0	difficult to digit out how to download images for the background.  need exceptional usb cable
0	Warmup period, slow, expensive ink, ink runs out quick
0	Warmup period, tedious, expensive ink, ink runs out quick
0	no carrying case, battery autonomy.
0	no carrying type, battery autonomy.
0	ink tends to run
0	ink tends to race
0	It is not a good phone.
0	It is not a goodness phone.
1	Light, small, easy. Good quality photos
1	scant, small, easy. Good quality photos
0	Battery life &amp;amp; Download time.
0	Battery life &amp;amp; Download sentence.
0	Not a battery meter. Red eye reduction does not work well.
0	Not a battery meter. bolshy eye diminution does not work well.
0	cam broke/wont upload battery drainer NOT MAC/usb supported
0	cam violate/wont upload battery drainer NOT MAC/usb defend
1	Excellent photos, auto mode works great, and has manual override
1	Excellent photos, auto mode play swell, and has manual override
1	Size, clarity, signal strength, and decent talk time
1	Size, pellucidity, signal strength, and decent talk time
1	Stylish, good performance, feature rich, tri-mode
1	Stylish, sound performance, feature rich, tri-mode
1	price, size, quality
1	price, size, lineament
0	It runs out of ink fairly fast.
0	It course out of ink fairly fast.
1	Great colors, features 
1	big colors, features 
1	Tons of great features with stylish look to boot!
1	Tons of great features with stylish look to kick!
1	Very easy to handle.Large storage space and leg room.
1	Very wanton to handle.orotund storage space and leg room.
1	Great outdoor photos, lens pulls in tons of light, good functionality
1	Great outdoor photos, lens pulls in tons of lite, ripe functionality
0	Proprietary AC adapter &#13;&#10;Can't download ringtones.&#13;&#10;no pc synch for address book.&#13;&#10;
0	Proprietary AC arranger &#13;&#10;Can't download ringtones.&#13;&#x;no pc synch for address Scripture.&#13;&#10;
0	none found
0	none incur
0	S100 only has an ISO setting of 100, and digital zoom is not seamless.
0	S100 only has an ISO put of 100, and digital zoom is not unlined.
0	none
0	none
1	High quality images, optical zoom
1	High prime images, optical zoom
1	NOTHING
1	zilch
1	It's great for sleeping babies.
1	It's keen for sleeping babies.
0	Automatic Duplexer does not work with WinXP
0	Automatic Duplexer does not solve with WinXP
0	too monstrous to carry as all-access cell phone
0	too monstrous to carry as all-access cell ring
1	great, works great, runs great, everything
1	great, works great, consort great, everything
0	Poor Customer Service,  expensive refills, errors with writing data to printer
0	miserable Customer Service,  expensive refills, errors with write data to printer
1	Ease of use, LCD viewfinder
1	simpleness of use, LCD viewfinder
0	signal strength, i think this has to do with providers
0	point strength, i cogitate this has to do with providers
1	Awesome screen, form factor.
1	Awesome screen, form constituent.
0	Short Battery Life, not user friendly,  carry additional accessories
0	Short Battery Life, not user friendly,  express additional accessories
0	computer interface
0	reckoner interface
1	I am amazed with everything this phone can do, and do well it does.
1	I am astonied with everything this phone can do, and do considerably it does.
0	Plastic body, bad flash photography,
0	Plastic body, bad dash photography,
0	The seat adjustment is tricky 
0	The posterior adjustment is tricky 
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
1	undivided charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  unspoiled keypad.
1	Speed, versatility, networking
1	quicken, versatility, networking
1	An AC adapter and battery charger with a Lithium-ion rechargeable battery is included.
1	An AC transcriber and barrage charger with a Lithium-ion rechargeable battery is included.
0	small screen size; slow remote syncs
0	pocket-sized screen size; slow remote syncs
0	Difficult to focus distance shots, controls can "trap" one into unwanted options
0	unmanageable to focus distance shot, controls can "trap" one into unwanted options
0	A little pricey, manual is terrible
0	A trivial pricey, manual is terrible
1	Cost, speed, ease of use.
1	Cost, speed, ease of habituate.
1	Reliable, quality printing
1	authentic, quality printing
0	- Slow processor (9210i runs faster)
0	- Slow processor (9210i extend faster)
1	Cheap and Small
1	crummy and Small
0	Doesn't work properly, poor customer service, noisy, slow
0	Doesn't work properly, poor customer service, noisy, tardily
0	Ink cartridges are expensive. Faded Economy mode Build quality is shocking
0	Ink cartridges are expensive. Faded Economy mode flesh calibre is shocking
0	Shutter delay sometimes frustrating, general photo control only
0	Shutter delay sometimes frustrating, oecumenical photo control only
1	very good text and good graphics for the money
1	very secure text and good graphics for the money
0	possible paper jams
0	possible report jams
0	Battery life a little short, size of memory card, Telephoto ability
0	Battery liveliness a little suddenly, size of memory card, Telephoto ability
1	Low Price Point, 6 Colors, Epson Reputation, Lab Quality Prints, Border-free Printing
1	lowly Price Point, 6 Colors, Epson Reputation, Lab Quality Prints, Border-free impress
0	fragile, no zoom and consumes a lot of battery.
0	fragile, no zoom and consumes a draw of battery.
1	size, weight, photo options
1	size, burden, photo options
0	Price, weight, fragile build
0	Price, weight, fragile figure
0	Lens protection a bit flimsy
0	Lens protection a sting flimsy
0	Rather Large Antenna, Quirky Motorola V Series User Interface and menus.
0	Rather large Antenna, Quirky Motorola v Series User Interface and menus.
1	FUN!
1	merriment!
1	Extremely fast paper feeding system, individual ink cartridges, PHOTO QUALITY, auto shut off
1	Extremely fast paper feeding system, individual ink cartridges, exposure prime, auto shut off
1	-Bluetooth headset included
1	-Bluetooth headset include
1	generous amount of ink at cheap price.
1	generous amount of ink at cheap toll.
0	small size takes some getting used to
0	small size takes some mother used to
0	memory stick to small, no movie mode
0	memory stick to small, no flick mode
0	not photographic quality,but not too bad, doesn't print the full larger size
0	not photographic quality,but not too risky, doesn't publish the full larger size
1	Good balance, feels good in the hand. Nice scrolling.
1	Good rest, feels good in the hand. Nice scrolling.
0	Don't think there are any to this one.
0	Don't think there are any to this 1.
0	It all comes out bad.. paper jams are frequent
0	It all fall out bad.. paper jams are frequent
0	Verizon banners, poor speakerphone, flat buttons
0	Verizon banners, poor speakerphone, plane buttons
0	Comes with a small memory card, flash is a bit weak.
0	Comes with a small store card, flash is a prick weak.
1	Great features
1	groovy features
0	AC adapter not included
0	AC adaptor not included
1	Cheap
1	flashy
0	Ink cartridges not sold in every store
0	Ink cartridges not sell in every store
0	Loud sound, sometimes too loud, numbers and letters on keypad are blurry with backlighting
0	tatty well-grounded, sometimes too loud, numbers and letters on keypad are blurry with backlighting
1	price, prints, features
1	Price, prints, features
1	Beautiful photos, easy to use, great exposure modes, spot meter!
1	Beautiful photos, easy to consumption, gravid exposure modes, spot meter!
1	Great print quality, nice overall look to the printer itself - it's awesome!
1	gravid print tone, nice overall look to the printer itself - it's awesome!
0	I use voice stream,,,, but they are getting better
0	I utilization voice stream,,,, but they are getting better
0	A little more pricey than some printers, but well worth it.
0	A little more costly than some printers, but comfortably worth it.
0	Paper load is a bit touchy, , * Printer Software CD 
0	Paper cargo is a bit touchy, , * Printer Software CD 
1	Lightweight
1	whippersnapper
0	not enough interchangeable face plates
0	not adequate interchangeable face plates
0	Interface, very basic phone, no calendar, or to do list.
0	interface, very basic earphone, no calendar, or to do list.
1	Price, Image Quality in a class by itself, RAW format out of the box, long battery life (even WITH a Microdrive), dual battery charger out of the box, and more!
1	price, double Quality in a class by itself, RAW format out of the box, prospicient bombardment animation (eve WITH a Microdrive), dual battery charger out of the box, and more!
1	improvements over previous models, speed, quality, low level of noise
1	improvements over previous manikin, speed, quality, low level of dissonance
0	Somewhat expensive, bulky
0	somewhat expensive, bulky
1	Beautiful Photo Prints!
1	Beautiful exposure Prints!
1	affordable beginner solution
1	affordable tyro solution
1	4 in 1, great price, small, good quality
1	4 in 1, great price, lowly, good quality
0	Slightly dated technology
0	somewhat dated technology
0	Uses quite a bit of ink on picture quality
0	Uses quite a bit of ink on fancy quality
1	High Quality Photos, Dependable, Easy to Use
1	gamy Quality Photos, Dependable, Easy to Use
0	Doesn't meet everyone's budget for a printer.
0	Doesn't gather everyone's budget for a printer.
1	compact size, high quality pictures, excellent battery life
1	compact size, high quality scene, excellent battery life
0	Antenna breaks easily and often, if i had known, I would not have purchased
0	aerial recrudesce easily and often, if i had known, I would not have purchased
1	Bright 2&amp;quot; LCD screen, Compact size, Easy to use, Onboard editing features, Easy Sony menu, InfoLithium batteries, USB connection, Memory Stick media, Sony quality
1	brightly 2&amp;quot; LCD concealment, Compact size, tardily to purpose, Onboard cut features, Easy Sony menu, InfoLithium batteries, USB connection, Memory Stick media, Sony quality
0	Picture quality, price
0	Picture prime, price
0	Pictures tend to be blurry
0	Pictures tend to be muzzy
1	Well, it's cheap.
1	Well, it's crummy.
0	Innocent bystanders can have their souls stolen!
0	Innocent bystanders can have their someone stolen!
0	Battery life, flash card eject
0	Battery life, flash card exhaust
0	some functions are not as well thought out as they should be
0	some office are not as well persuasion out as they should be
1	Good image quality
1	Good prototype quality
0	Thickness of the phone, lacks speaker phone, No PCS "Vision" capabilities (can't send/receive pictures).
0	Thickness of the earpiece, lacks speaker sound, No PCS "Vision" capabilities (can't send/receive film).
0	Would have been nice to have an adapter included.
0	Would have been nice to have an adapter include.
0	Needs viewing window for canopy. Basket impossible to reach when fully reclined.
0	penury viewing window for canopy. Basket inconceivable to reach when fully reclined.
1	The Perfect phone
1	The thoroughgoing phone
0	when it works
0	when it mold
0	It doesn't allow you to refill cartridges and sometimes has problems feeding paper.
0	It doesn't grant you to refill cartridges and sometimes has problems feeding report.
0	Awkward menus, bad holster, low quality for Motorola.
0	Awkward menus, bad holster, downcast quality for Motorola.
0	little battery life, LCD on sun unreadable
0	little battery life, LCD on Dominicus unreadable
1	Takes GREAT pictures, easy to use
1	Takes GREAT pictures, slow to use
0	No optical zoom.
0	No optic zoom.
0	eats batteries; 
0	consume batteries; 
1	Good quality, nice picture, jam free, fair price.
1	Good quality, Nice picture, jam free, fair price.
0	not enough resolution
0	not enough closure
0	I didn't care for the drawstring seat adjuster. I think they can improve that.
0	I didn't care for the drawstring keister adjuster. I retrieve they can improve that.
1	Coverage all over the planet.&#13;&#10;Very long battery life.
1	Coverage all over the planet.&#thirteen;&#10;really long battery life.
1	EXCELLENT choice for digital cameras under $300!
1	fantabulous choice for digital cameras under $300!
1	Low cost.
1	small cost.
0	Price (but it's a bargain compared to others in its class)
0	Price (but it's a steal compared to others in its category)
0	No parent Cup Holder
0	No parent Cup holder
1	Photo quality; Price; Easy to use; Good manual options
1	Photo quality; Price; Easy to use; dear manual options
1	Excellent visual display, keyboard and receiver. Good choice for elderly or handicapped.
1	Excellent optic display, keyboard and receiver. well choice for elderly or handicapped.
0	Phonebook is lacking.
0	Phonebook is miss.
0	slow color
0	dim color
1	Options, Capabilities, Value
1	Options, Capabilities, appreciate
0	Size &amp; Weight
0	Size &amp; angle
0	I don't see any cons about this printer.
0	I don't experience any cons about this printer.
0	uses lots of ink
0	uses slews of ink
1	easy to use, cheap
1	easy to role, cheap
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
1	Reception rocks, prosperous interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did one mention reception?
1	price, print quality
1	price, print calibre
0	Win 98 Incompatible out of the box, Ink is too expensive.    
0	winnings 98 unfitting out of the box, Ink is too expensive.    
0	a little expensive
0	a slight expensive
1	Clean Design, Excellent Display(s), Functional Keyboard, Everyone thinks it neat.
1	Clean plan, Excellent Display(s), usable Keyboard, Everyone thinks it neat.
0	Need to use a bidirectional parallel interface instead of usb or some utilities will not function.
0	Need to manipulation a bidirectional analogue interface instead of usb or some utilities will not operate.
1	excellent quality photos, amazing resolution and realism
1	excellent quality photos, pose resolution and realism
0	don't know when you will run out of ink!
0	don't know when you will guide out of ink!
0	Limited extra features like new rings.  No camera or color screen.
0	Limited redundant features like new rings.  No camera or color blind.
0	Broke When Dunked in Toilet
0	founder When Dunked in Toilet
0	Small basket, a bit tricky to collapse.
0	Small basket, a sting tricky to collapse.
1	Low cost
1	depression cost
1	Small, light, great call quality
1	Small, light, great song quality
0	Size of pictures and erase features are not what I would like.
0	Size of painting and erase feature are not what I would like.
1	Small, full-featured, great image quality, great price
1	Small, full-featured, great image quality, bang-up price
1	Superb Quality, Laser-Like Speed, Double Sided Printing
1	Superb Quality, Laser-Like Speed, two-fold Sided Printing
1	Lightweight, easy to use, versatile, well-built, reversible handle
1	Lightweight, easygoing to use, versatile, well-built, reversible handle
0	None
0	none
1	Price. EVERYTHING is included. 
1	price. EVERYTHING is included. 
1	Uses standard 3.5&amp;quot; floppy
1	Uses standard 3.fin&amp;quot; floppy
1	compact, durable, excellent sound quality, good storage capability, large font screen for visibility
1	bundle, durable, excellent phone quality, good storage capability, large font screen for visibility
0	Not the best HP Product!
0	non the best HP Product!
1	price, output quality
1	price, output timbre
1	MP3 Ringtones, MIDI Ringtones, Good Camera, Smooth Scratch-Resistant Surface, Good LCD Screen
1	MP3 Ringtones, MIDI Ringtones, unspoilt Camera, Smooth Scratch-Resistant Surface, sound LCD Screen
1	This phone is fragile and tends toward software glitches and failures.
1	This phone is frail and tends toward software glitches and failure.
0	Still new - few faceplates and accessories available right now.&#13;&#10;
0	Still new - few faceplates and add-on available right now.&#13;&#decade;
0	The black ink is an economy cartridge, the double-sided printing module causes the printer to not flush against the wall and takes up more desk top space, the auto align isn't aligned and doing so manually is something I haven't figured yet
0	The dark ink is an economy cartridge, the double-sided printing module causes the printer to not flush against the surround and deal up more desk lead quad, the automobile align isn't aligned and doing so manually is something I haven't enter heretofore
1	GSM; GPRS; Voice-activated dialing; Appearance; WAP; World phone (Trimode; PIM
1	GSM; GPRS; Voice-activated dialing; Appearance; WAP; earth sound (Trimode; PIM
1	easy to operate
1	well-heeled to operate
0	Heavy, enormous, and nearly impossible to steer on uneven terrain.
0	Heavy, enormous, and nearly impossible to point on odd terrain.
1	Easy to use, images are nice quality
1	Easy to purpose, images are nice quality
0	Bad Quality, Not worth the low pricetag, opt for an HP
0	tough Quality, Not worth the dispirited pricetag, opt for an HP
1	Nice multimedia/graphics & good sound.  Compact clamshell design.
1	Nice multimedia/graphics & good sound.  summary clamshell design.
1	lightweight, dependable, excellent clarity
1	whippersnapper, dependable, excellent clarity
0	gets skin-graft hot after a while. has like, 3 ringtones.
0	arrive skin-graft hot after a while. has like, triplet ringtones.
1	Colors are in separate cartridges, relatively quiet printing.
1	Colors are in disjoined cartridges, relatively quiet printing.
0	Can't print graphics or clipart
0	Can't print artwork or clipart
1	easy to operate, able to view picture immediatly
1	easy to manoeuver, able to view picture immediatly
0	Price
0	price
0	none
0	none
0	Expensive ink cartridges, software
0	Expensive ink cartridge, software
0	Does it really need to be this wide?
0	Does it really need to be this panoptic?
0	Battery life, price
0	Battery life-time, price
1	Decent battery life.
1	Decent bombardment life.
1	Lightweight, reclining
1	Lightweight, recumb
0	Not many: Flimsy plastic, goofy network install, critical alignment tough
0	Not many: Flimsy plastic, goofy mesh install, critical alignment bad
0	single-band, no voice dialing, phone book not alphabetized, drains power searching for service
0	single-band, no vocalisation dialing, phone leger not alphabetized, drains power searching for service
0	Wakes the neighbors when you turn it on
0	Wakes the neighbors when you become it on
0	Short-lived images
0	Short-lived trope
0	not exceptional in any way
0	not exceptional in any room
0	Haven't found any cons at all.
0	Haven't found any flimflam at all.
1	Stylish, effective, light and portable
1	Stylish, effective, lightsome and portable
1	Clear and crisp photos
1	Clear and chip photos
0	autofocus not reliable, ergonomics, manual features menu, noisy zoom
0	autofocus not reliable, ergonomics, manual features menu, noisy surge
0	Somewhat heavy with batteries, battery muncher
0	Somewhat laboured with batteries, battery muncher
1	Battery Life, Wireless Web, Looks
1	Battery life-time, Wireless Web, Looks
1	Great  Features, Awesome Pictures, 
1	expectant  Features, Awesome Pictures, 
1	Quality of print, speed and dual print trays.
1	Quality of print, speed and threefold print trays.
0	A bit loud and shakes when printing
0	A piece loud and shakes when printing
0	price, want to use it all the time!
0	price, want to habituate it all the time!
0	NONE
0	none
1	great pictures
1	slap-up pictures
1	small and easy to use
1	small and easy to utilisation
1	bargain price for a feature-rich and nicely built camera
1	bargain price for a feature-rich and nicely establish camera
1	Clear, good quality pictures
1	pass, good quality pictures
0	Serial sync cradle.
0	Serial sync provenience.
1	Super 8X optical, 4X digital zoom lens. Movie feature. Manual or automatic exposure control.
1	Super 8X optical, 4X digital zoom lens. Movie feature. Manual or automatic picture controller.
1	Convenience, emergency use
1	Convenience, emergency habit
0	None!
0	none!
0	no zoom, landscape quality, ac adapter extra, no usb
0	no zoom, landscape lineament, ac adapter extra, no usb
0	Print Quality
0	Print select
0	A little awkward to hold
0	A little ill-chosen to hold
0	sometimes loss of signals
0	sometimes loss of sign
1	Great for the global business man
1	Great for the global business gentleman
1	cheap, decent pictures
1	cheap, decent project
0	The software installation along with Kodak technical support managed to completely ruin my computer's configuration.
0	The software installation along with Kodak technical bear handle to completely deflower my computer's configuration.
0	Eats ink. Eats ink.
0	Eats ink. exhaust ink.
1	Small, lightweight, 1.3 Megapixel, Mpeg mode
1	humble, lightweight, 1.3 Megapixel, Mpeg mode
1	Fantastic optics for color and clarity; Manual and automatic controls for pros and debutants
1	antic optics for color and clarity; Manual and automatic operate for pros and debutants
0	battery charger; placement of shoulder strap
0	battery charger; emplacement of shoulder strap
1	Fast, high quality, good toner life, great tech support, Windows/Mac compatible
1	Fast, high quality, good toner life, great tech keep, Windows/mack compatible
1	Floppy disk, rechargeable battery.
1	Floppy disc, rechargeable battery.
1	very compact, easy to use, pretty good picture quality, &amp; fun special effects
1	very compact, tardily to use, pretty good image quality, &amp; fun special effects
0	Ugly Case that cost extra.&#13;&#10;No expansion module slot.
0	Ugly case that cost extra.&#thirteen;&#10;No expansion module slot.
1	Lightweight, large phonebook, calendar, internal antenna
1	Lightweight, large phonebook, calendar, inner antenna
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	Widely supported, Consistent Quality, Prints envelopes and supports fan-fold paper
1	Widely patronize, Consistent Quality, Prints envelopes and accompaniment fan-fold paper
1	Costs
1	price
0	overpriced, noisy, outragous cost of replacement cartriges
0	overprice, noisy, outragous cost of replacement cartriges
0	No printer sharing ability.  Usable on one computer only. Poor support.
0	No printer sharing ability.  Usable on unrivalled computer only. Poor corroborate.
1	Features, Screen Size, Scroll Button, Slide Cover
1	Features, Screen Size, Scroll Button, Slide extend
1	Voice Dialing, Navigation in menus while on a call, and a Ring tone composer.
1	vox Dialing, pilotage in menus while on a call, and a Ring tone composer.
0	hard to find
0	punishing to find
1	Comes with Infant Seat and Base
1	number with Infant Seat and Base
0	small screen, bad reception, antana is unconvinient, breaks easily, low battery life
0	small screen, risky reception, antana is unconvinient, part easily, low battery life
1	size, features, text messaging, downloadable ringtones, calc,compatible with palm pilot, interchangeable faceplates and accessories
1	size, sport, text messaging, downloadable ringtones, calc,compatible with palm pilot, exchangeable faceplates and accessary
0	Battery hog, no 'regular' ring, pricey
0	Battery hog, no 'regular' tintinnabulation, pricey
1	Small, Great pics, good battery life
1	Small, Great pics, goodness battery life
0	no carrying case to protect camera
0	no carrying type to protect camera
1	Easy to use and takes nice pictures
1	Easy to use and train nice pictures
1	Small, lightweight size, Features, Incredible call clarity
1	humble, lightweight size, Features, Incredible call clarity
1	Affordable, durable, reliable, versitile, chicks dig it.
1	Affordable, durable, reliable, versitile, chicks drudge it.
0	Nothing I can't live without.
0	Nothing I can't survive without.
1	Coloured faceplates,size,overall feel,battery life.
1	Coloured faceplates,size,boilersuit feel,battery life.
1	VERY fast, good sized, easy setup, USB or parralel port friendly
1	VERY dissolute, good sized, slowly setup, USB or parralel port friendly
1	Dirt cheap.
1	poop cheap.
1	Design, Battery life, picture quality, LCD screen, features
1	Design, Battery life, picture lineament, LCD screen, features
0	could use a better zoom lens
0	could use a undecomposed zoom lens
0	Short battery life, occasional static
0	brusk battery life, occasional static
0	TERRIBLE reliability, constantly clogging print heads, tremendous ink cost
0	TERRIBLE reliability, constantly clogging print header, tremendous ink cost
1	Great phone!
1	dandy phone!
0	Confusing, Low Capabilities, Audiovox has been bought out by Kyocera
0	flurry, low-toned Capabilities, Audiovox has been bought out by Kyocera
0	goes through AA batteries fast, difficult to LCD in bright lighting
0	conk through AA bombardment fast, difficult to LCD in bright lighting
0	Size, Shakiness on full zoom
0	Size, Shakiness on wide-cut zoom
0	Some difficulty in setting up with Windows ME. 
0	Some difficulty in setting up with window ME. 
1	Easy to use, compact, great quality in daylight, simple transfer, easy menus.
1	Easy to use, compact, great select in daylight, simple transference, easy menus.
1	Easy to use Excellent photos Many features
1	Easy to use Excellent photo Many features
0	When the flip is slammed closed it makes a oval mark on the screen, battery
0	When the flip is slammed conclude it ca-ca a oval sucker on the screen, battery
0	Still not  quite stable
0	tranquillise not  quite stable
0	Would not be good for production printing
0	Would not be right for production printing
0	No zoom, slow upload time, poor picture quality in less than bright natural lighting conditions.
0	No zoom, slow upload time, pitiable film quality in less than bright natural lighting consideration.
0	product quality, customer service
0	product choice, customer service
1	Looks good, thin
1	Looks adept, thin
1	reliable and lightweight
1	reliable and jackanapes
1	The Zoom, Ergonomics, Battery Life, and Picture Quality.
1	The Zoom, Ergonomics, Battery biography, and Picture Quality.
1	easy to use
1	well-to-do to use
0	zoom moves way to fast, see the review for more cons.
0	zoom motion way to fast, see the recapitulation for more cons.
0	Mediocre picture quality
0	Mediocre show quality
0	wish there was more memory.
0	wish there was more retentivity.
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Ability to capture 80 second videos.  Easy to use from novice to experienced photographer.  
1	Ability to enamor 80 second videos.  loose to use from novice to experienced photographer.  
0	Internal Errors
0	home Errors
0	Buggy software, fragile beltclip, non-existent battery life.
0	Buggy software, fragile beltclip, non-existent battery lifetime.
0	BATTERY COVER VERY LOOSE, SCREEN FLICKERS AND DISSAPEARS, HAD TO REPLACE 4X
0	BATTERY COVER VERY idle, SCREEN FLICKERS AND DISSAPEARS, own TO REPLACE 4X
1	- Small, lightweight, - Great battery, quick recharge, 
1	- Small, lightweight, - peachy battery, quick recharge, 
0	Half-second shutter lag, but apparently almost EVERY digital camera has this.
0	Half-second shutter lag, but evidently most EVERY digital camera has this.
0	Worst reception imaginable, laden with useless features, no downloadable ringtones
0	Worst receipt imaginable, load with useless features, no downloadable ringtones
1	Easy to use.  Good resolution.  Quiet.  Quick.  Comparably inexpensive.
1	Easy to use.  Good resolution.  calm.  Quick.  Comparably inexpensive.
0	difficult to take steady shots without tripod, too much LCD glare
0	difficult to film steady blastoff without tripod, too much LCD glare
1	Cheap, decent quality
1	gimcrack, decent quality
0	rear brakes
0	buttocks brakes
0	Somewhat slow printing. (especially color) Ink seems to use up quickly. 
0	Somewhat tedious printing. (especially colourise) Ink seems to use up quickly. 
0	Menus are difficult, and still the limitation of being a digital camera.
0	Menus are unmanageable, and static the limitation of being a digital camera.
0	you have to change tanks between color and B/W
0	you have to change tanks between semblance and barn/W
0	The camera was built somewhat off so the power button is very close to the shutter which might make you turn the camera off when taking a picture. Also, the batteries drain quick but since they are just four AA batteries, it made no difference to me
0	The camera was built somewhat off so the powerfulness push is very penny-pinching to the shutter which might ready you twist the camera off when make a delineation. Also, the batteries drain spry but since they are just four AA batteries, it name no difference to me
0	noisy grainy images after ISO 200,, cheap silver paint EATS BATTERIES 
0	noisy granulose look-alike after ISO 200,, cheap silver paint EATS BATTERIES 
1	great quality, ease of use
1	heavy quality, ease of use
1	size, low cost, ease of use, peripherals
1	size, low cost, ease of employ, peripherals
1	very compact, and lightweight!
1	very compendious, and lightweight!
1	Easy to learn
1	wanton to learn
1	Motorola styling, choices of applications balanced well. battery life, weight and feel, overall sound quality(input/output)
1	Motorola styling, choices of applications balanced well. battery life-time, burthen and finger, overall sound quality(input/output)
0	Hard to hear ringer.  Cant hear person on the other line.
0	Hard to hear ringer.  slant hear person on the other blood.
1	sturdy, stable, easy to collapse, lightweight, 
1	sturdy, stable, slowly to collapse, lightweight, 
0	Battery usage, slow to charge
0	Battery usage, slow to point
0	Reception, lack of useful features, microphone location, text input style, sensitive antenna.
0	Reception, lack of useful features, microphone location, textbook input trend, sensitive antenna.
0	A tad bit bulky
0	A tad act bulky
0	2x optical zoom, no advanced settings. Poor night shots.
0	2x optical zoom, no advanced settings. Poor night stab.
1	Long, Long and I really mean long battery life, small, good reception.
1	Long, Long and I real intend long battery life, small, good reception.
1	Price
1	price
0	Camera doesn't work well in darker settings, power hungry
0	Camera doesn't work comfortably in darker settings, power hungry
1	convenience,affordable,easy storage,comfortable
1	convenience,affordable,loose storage,comfortable
1	User-friendly, but at the same time advanced. Design, functions color display.....
1	User-friendly, but at the same time win. contrive, functions color display.....
0	Very few--only outdated by newer technology
0	identical few--only outdated by newer technology
1	prints great photos
1	mark great photos
1	Fast; initial print quality was excellent.
1	firm; initial print quality was excellent.
1	It is multi-functional, nice-looking, powerful for an average user's needs
1	It is multi-functional, nice-looking, powerful for an intermediate user's pauperization
0	The photograph is manipulated mainly after the picture is taken, and not during.
0	The photograph is manipulated primarily after the picture is convey, and not during.
0	It had no color and the buttons were too close together. It had no web.
0	It had no coloration and the buttons were too stuffy unitedly. It had no web.
0	Don't buy it if you own a Mac 
0	Don't buy it if you own a mack 
1	Comes with 2 cartridges, uses color and black simultaneously, USB port for macs and PC
1	get with 2 cartridges, function discolor and black simultaneously, USB port for macs and PC
1	It isn't lots of money and it's a way of getting pictures onto the computer.
1	It isn't circumstances of money and it's a way of receive scene onto the computer.
0	lack of video out, somewhat short battery life
0	lack of video out, somewhat short battery sprightliness
0	cheap casing, 16MB card
0	trashy casing, 16MB card
1	Easy to use, Several flash modes, Lots of different settings.
1	well-to-do to use, Several tacky modes, Lots of different settings.
0	 Can be noisy and takes a while to print once turned on
0	 posterior be noisy and guide a while to print once turned on
1	Great features,easy to use,light weight,nice design,exterior caller id
1	gravid features,easy to use,light weight,skillful design,exterior caller id
1	Everything!
1	Everything!
0	Switch needed to be replaced.
0	trade needed to be replaced.
1	Picture quality, ease of use, build quality
1	Picture quality, ease of use, build timber
0	circular keypad
0	broadsheet keypad
1	Excellent pics, extremely easy to use.
1	Excellent movie, extremely easy to use.
1	size
1	sizing
0	Picture quality is not ideal, no flash
0	Picture quality is not ideal, no flashing
1	It's cheap, easy usb connectivity, compact and very portable. 
1	It's cheap, easily usb connectivity, compact and very portable. 
1	great quality
1	large quality
0	Bulky out put tray
0	Bulky out frame tray
1	Lightweight, appearance, call quality
1	Lightweight, appearance, song quality
0	Battery Life, No Microdrive support, Must get AC adapt Sep.
0	Battery Life, No Microdrive defend, Must obtain AC adapt Sep.
0	None
0	none
1	It does almost everything!  Maybe even help pay the rent. ;D
1	It does about everything!  Maybe even help wage the rent. ;D
0	Slow boot. Slow charge on flash between pictures
0	Slow boot. Slow kick on flash between pictures
0	The toner cartridge is difficult to find.
0	The toner pickup is difficult to find.
1	everything
1	everything
1	Camera works, even in dim light; easy-to-read LCD screen; many watch functions
1	Camera employment, even in dim light; easy-to-read LCD screen; many watch subprogram
0	Sometimes hard to hear
0	Sometimes operose to hear
0	The sunscreen isn't big enough to be effective and there's no hand brake.
0	The sunscreen isn't grown enough to be effective and there's no pass brake.
0	none
0	none
1	Great Value
1	expectant Value
1	A pleasant change from nokia's. the best phone of it's time without doubt!
1	A pleasant change from nokia's. the effective headphone of it's time without doubt!
1	Highly Reliable Printer With Few Maintenance Issues
1	extremely Reliable Printer With Few Maintenance Issues
0	The sunhood - read below.
0	The sunhood - learn below.
1	Sharp, contrasty lens, 3.34MPixels, neat twist body.
1	Sharp, contrasty lens, 3.34MPixels, neat whirl body.
0	Needs frequent black ink change
0	Needs frequent melanize ink change
1	cost, size, convenience
1	toll, size, convenience
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
0	WEAK oscillate! I can never flavor the vibrate on this phone!
1	pocket sized, sturdy aluminum clad body, largest optical zoom in the Canon Elph-based series
1	pocket sized, sturdy aluminum clothed body, largest optical whizz in the Canon Elph-based series
0	Will update once I find one!
0	Will update once I receive one!
1	Wonderful stills, good resolution, simplicity of use
1	Wonderful stills, good resolution, simplicity of utilise
0	Too many to mention here
0	Too many to cite here
1	Light Weight, Intuitive, Abundant Features
1	Light burden, Intuitive, Abundant Features
0	The Antenna. Do not buy this phone the antenna will break.
0	The Antenna. Do not buy this telephone the antenna will breaking.
0	Cost of cartridges = sell your home.
0	Cost of cartridges = trade your home.
1	Very good image quality, good value, good build quality/ ergonomics, uses AA batteries, USB.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Very upright image quality, good value, good body-build quality/ ergonomics, apply AA batteries, USB.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Small, upright, simple to use
1	Small, upright, wide-eyed to use
0	only 2x optical zoom. Only 8MB card included.
0	only 2x optical zoom. just 8MB card included.
0	TOO thin & battery cover pops off when dropped. Using wired headset requires adapter.
0	TOO dilute & battery cover pops off when drip. Using wired headset requires adapter.
1	Great Price
1	heavy Price
1	cheap
1	tinny
0	Have had many problems with it
0	suffer had many problems with it
1	everything about it after you upgrade
1	everything about it after you acclivity
1	Fast printing, Cheap
1	Fast printing, gimcrack
0	can't close the phone when on speaker phone, ugly, plain
0	can't close the phone when on speaker phone, atrocious, spare
0	Very low end
0	identical low end
1	size, bluetooth
1	sizing, bluetooth
1	Great Easiest to use cell phone
1	Great Easiest to use cubicle phone
1	vibrant colors, cheap prints, easy maintenance, free black ink.
1	vibrant colors, cheesy prints, easy maintenance, free black ink.
1	Camera,Spotlight,Picture Caller I.D,  Huge_internal_screen,just about everything_on_this_phone_is custimizilebe,button_opens_flip,Great_speaker_phone.
1	Camera,Spotlight,movie Caller single.D,  Huge_internal_screen,just about everything_on_this_phone_is custimizilebe,button_opens_flip,Great_speaker_phone.
0	short battery life, just okay reception
0	short battery life, just fine reception
1	Economic, lots of features, replaceable covers.
1	Economic, stacks of features, replaceable covers.
0	Very slow OS, crashes alot, countless dropped calls
0	Very slow OS, crashes alot, countless devolve calls
0	Uses a lot of ink
0	utilize a lot of ink
0	everybody has one
0	everybody has unity
0	No optical viewfinder.  No image stabilization for zoom.  Warranty fine print.
0	No optical viewfinder.  No double stabilization for zoom.  Warranty fine publish.
0	Can not create TIFF files
0	tin not create TIFF files
1	Battery life, good pictures
1	Battery life, dear pictures
0	Pricey. Small (16mb) included media card.
0	Pricey. pocket-size (16mb) included media card.
1	Features, price, picture quality
1	Features, price, see quality
0	none
0	none
1	great clearity, decent price
1	dandy clearity, decent price
0	Rather noisy. Limited in paper sizes that can be fed through it.
0	Rather noisy. Limited in paper sizing that can be run through it.
0	green light in view finder
0	dark-green light in view finder
1	Inexpensive, Built in card reader
1	Inexpensive, establish in card reader
0	Cant touch the antenna, crappy reception.
0	bank touch the antenna, crappy reception.
0	not interchangeable 'faces', no Internet,
0	not interchangeable 'faces', no net,
0	Slow focusing for sports, Noise Reduction takes control away
0	Slow focusing for sports, Noise Reduction read control away
1	Feature packed phone that does just about everything imaginable.
1	Feature tamp phone that does just about everything imaginable.
0	Slow, poor print quality, voracious ink usage
0	Slow, poor print quality, voracious ink utilisation
1	Perfect pictures, easy to use
1	Perfect pictures, easy to exercise
1	Long battery life, fun features like changeable faceplates and multiple ring choices,  easy to use.
1	Long battery life, fun features like changeable faceplates and multiple hoop choices,  soft to role.
1	Inexpensive, easy to operate, quick digital upload, small and easy to handle
1	Inexpensive, easy to operate, speedy digital upload, small and easily to handle
1	Low price.  Easy to use.  All the basics.  Serial cable makes it compatible with any 32-bit Windows PC
1	lowly price.  light to use.  All the basics.  sequential cable makes it compatible with any 32-bit Windows PC
0	Driver issues, Poor control Panel, Inefficient Use of Ink, Print Quality Issues
0	Driver exit, Poor control Panel, Inefficient Use of Ink, Print character Issues
0	Sluggishness, inadequate service, lousy flash, short battery life
0	Sluggishness, inadequate service, lousy flash, short-change battery life
1	good connection when talking with others
1	good connectedness when talking with others
1	small, cheap, built in flash
1	small, bum, built in flash
1	side by side seats, lightweight, easy to fold and folds compactly
1	side by side seats, lightweight, easy to folding and bend compactly
0	At the highest volume level on ringer, still hard to hear.
0	At the highest volume story on ringer, placid hard to hear.
0	It's very lightweight and it might be easy to damage it.
0	It's very lightweight and it might be well-fixed to terms it.
0	none
0	none
1	Great feel, easy to operate, 12 second video capture mode, good battery life.
1	Great feel, easy to operate, 12 second video capture manner, good battery spirit.
0	Battery use, no lens cover
0	Battery use, no lens enshroud
1	One of the best in print quality for a multi-function. Nice scan &amp; photo quality.
1	One of the advantageously in print tone for a multi-function. gracious scan &amp; photo quality.
0	RECEPTION!
0	receipt!
0	Fragile
0	frail
0	Software can be picky if other cameras are installed
0	Software can be picky if other cameras are instal
0	slower than quoted, dark photo output
0	dumb than quoted, dark photo output
1	Infrared, Surfs the Internet, Functions as a Wireless Modem, Small/Lightweight & Durable design
1	Infrared, Surfs the Internet, operate as a tuner Modem, Small/Lightweight & Durable design
0	Short battery life, Chrome scratches off easily
0	Short battery life, Chrome cacography off easily
0	Hard to install for Windows 98 
0	severely to install for Windows 98 
0	EVF is very dark in low light situations
0	EVF is very sorry in low light situations
1	Sharp lens, battery life, rugged construction, responsive controls
1	Sharp lens, battery animation, rugged construction, responsive controls
1	Downloading Pictures, Ease of Use, Picture Quality. 
1	Downloading Pictures, Ease of Use, Picture calibre. 
1	Completes four functions from one machine.
1	Completes four map from one machine.
1	Ease of use, High Quality Images, Very small and appealing
1	Ease of use, High Quality look-alike, Very pocket-size and appealing
1	&lt;i&gt;Excellent Photo Quality Output&lt;/i&gt;
1	&lt;i&gt;Excellent exposure quality Output&lt;/i&gt;
1	To good to be true.
1	To right to be true.
1	price effective,very inexpensive
1	toll effective,very inexpensive
0	battery is very bad, keys are bad cause you always are making mistakes
0	battery is very bad, name are high-risk cause you always are making mistakes
1	Small, light, well-built, nice menus and backlight.
1	Small, luminousness, well-built, nice menus and backlight.
0	Easy to put your fingerprints on the lens.  
0	Easy to put your fingerprints on the Lens.  
0	voice dialing is not linked to speed dial in phone book...a minor detail
0	voice dial is not linked to speed dial in phone ledger...a minor detail
1	Small size, great quality, accepts AA batteries.
1	Small size, great quality, accepts AA barrage.
1	422 pics in Best quality with 128MB,LCD screen, solid body, timer, date hour info, 
1	422 pics in beneficial quality with 128MB,LCD covert, solid torso, timer, date hour info, 
1	printer, copier and scanner all in one&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	printer, copier and scanner all in one&amp;#XIII;&AMP;#10;
1	Small, good photo quality, movie mode with sound, good software bundle 
1	Small, good photo quality, movie mode with sound, estimable software sheaf 
1	So compact and stylish appearance
1	So heavyset and stylish appearance
0	Too much for home use and too expensive&amp;#13;&amp;#10;for home use.not fast enough for buisnes
0	Too much for base utilisation and too expensive&amp;#13;&amp;#10;for base habit.not fast enough for buisnes
0	spotty quality on some photos, prints not great
0	spotty quality on some photos, prints not corking
1	Inexpensive, easy to install and use, quality printing
1	Inexpensive, easy to install and exercise, quality printing
1	Produces high quality scans, printouts and copies, low operating costs, easy to setup and install
1	Produces high timbre scans, printouts and copies, lowly operating costs, sluttish to setup and install
1	Ease of use, quality of pictures
1	Ease of use, prize of pictures
1	clear colored printing; quiet printing
1	clear colored printing; tranquillize printing
0	small memory
0	little memory
0	digital zoom switches to lower quality compression.
0	digital zoom switches to downcast quality compression.
1	this phone is very easy to use and has good reception, clear as a bell.
1	this phone is very easily to manipulation and has good reception, realize as a bell.
1	Small Size, Great back light, cool features, ease of use, clarity
1	modest Size, Great back light, cool features, ease of consumption, clarity
0	Color display is sometimes hard to see, camera button a little to easy to touch.
0	tinge display is sometimes hard to insure, camera button a little to easy to impact.
0	Large size
0	boastfully size
0	Expensive Ink, Need to replace ink often
0	Expensive Ink, Need to replace ink oft
0	No link with PC or supported way to get pics on phone
0	No connectedness with PC or substantiate way to get pics on phone
1	Metal housing, triband
1	Metal caparison, triband
0	Zoom causes fuzzy images. Date and Time gone when batteries gone.
0	Zoom causes fuzzy images. Date and Time belong when batteries live.
0	Can be difficult to remove infant seat from base and from stroller, 3 point harness
0	crapper be difficult to remove babe seat from base and from stroller, 3 peak harness
1	Good price, and the company making this printer cares about their customers.
1	Good price, and the company earn this printer caution about their customers.
0	Akward Zoom Control. Zoom Barrel not very sturdy..just get a Service plan.
0	Akward Zoom operate. Zoom Barrel not very sturdy..just start a Service plan.
1	Solid construction, color screen, flat profile, tons of available software.  Fantastic Outlook sync. Speakerphone!
1	Solid construction, color screen, prostrate profile, wads of available software.  Fantastic Outlook sync. Speakerphone!
0	Charger doesn't work in Europe, polished black upper part gets smudged easily, difficult to open
0	Charger doesn't work in Europe, polished black upper voice dumbfound smear easily, difficult to open
0	Bad reception, flimsy antenna, battery life so-so.
0	Bad reception, flimsy antenna, battery aliveness so-so.
0	size
0	sizing
1	Enormous zoom range, ultra-compact, dazzling images, easy interface
1	Enormous zoom stray, ultra-compact, dazzling images, easy interface
0	When creating multi page documents, they sometimes wind up on the floor
0	When creating multi page documents, they sometimes steer up on the level
1	Excellent pocket camera and easy to hold
1	Excellent pocket camera and easy to handgrip
1	Price
1	price
1	Easy to use, great pictures, simple directions, download is not quick and easy, works like a regular camera when taking photos
1	comfortable to exercise, great photograph, simple directions, download is not quick and easy, works like a regular camera when film photos
1	Menus are very well designed, speakerphone, great color screen, small, durable.
1	Menus are very comfortably designed, speakerphone, slap-up color screen, small, durable.
0	Big, slow menus. Hard to find on the market.
0	Big, slow menus. firmly to find on the market.
0	Some advanced features available only in AE mode, some minor flaws and annoyances.
0	Some win features uncommitted only in AE mode, some minor flaws and annoyances.
0	or you can say there's nothing good about it.
0	or you can say there's nothing right about it.
1	Clarity, size
1	limpidity, size
1	battery life, cheap, motorola, can drop from over 6 feet and wont break
1	battery life, gaudy, motorola, can drop from over 6 feet and wont develop
0	Dropped calls, clock loses time, ringer volume.
0	unload calls, clock loses time, ringer volume.
0	doesn't last, software included has problems of its own
0	doesn't finally, software included has problems of its own
0	takes up a little bit more desk space than some other brands
0	shoot up a little bit more desk space than some other denounce
0	battery life, reception, price, not tri-mode
0	battery life, reception, cost, not tri-mode
1	A communication champ!
1	angstrom communication champ!
0	can't download other tones
0	can't download other inflect
1	Loads of Features; Great Image Quality; Energy Efficient
1	rafts of Features; Great Image Quality; Energy Efficient
1	printer will last much longer
1	printer will utmost much longer
0	cleaning not very impressive
0	clean not very impressive
1	Print quality, reliability, included software
1	Print timbre, reliability, included software
0	Poor quality pictures
0	Poor calibre pictures
0	712C has no USB, cartridges cost money!
0	712C has no USB, cartridges price money!
1	Well, it does look nice.
1	Well, it does look prissy.
0	battery life is terrible, durability is a big ?????
0	battery life is terrible, durability is a large ?????
0	Cons: Eats batteries if you don't have an AC adapter (doesn't come with one either)
0	learn: Eats batteries if you don't have an AC adapter (doesn't number with unrivalled either)
0	Must swap cartridge for true blacks
0	Must swap cartridge for dependable blacks
0	Dialing, calling, using, synching, +More
0	Dialing, calling, using, synching, +more
1	Super sexy design. Beautiful screen. Bluetooth.
1	ace sexy design. Beautiful screen. Bluetooth.
0	a bit slow for text but its not really meant for that. Costly ink cartridges
0	a mo behind for text but its not really imply for that. Costly ink cartridges
1	Nada
1	zero
0	What cons?  Do you know something I don't know?
0	What hornswoggle?  Do you know something I don't know?
0	None really.
0	None actually.
0	bulky but is expected since it's a scanner to
0	bulky but is await since it's a scanner to
0	battery hungry!
0	shelling hungry!
1	The EOS D30 comes loaded with high features found on more expensive cameras.
1	The EOS D30 comes tight with luxuriously features found on more expensive cameras.
1	Easy to use, lightweight
1	Easy to consumption, lightweight
0	drops calls, bad reception, ringer not loud enough
0	drops calls, spoilt reception, ringer not loud enough
0	Picture quality
0	project quality
0	noisy, 
0	noisy, 
0	Not easy to read display, loudness of earpiece
0	Not well-fixed to read display, loudness of earpiece
1	MMS support, reliable, good wap browser, good battery, replaceable covers
1	MMS reenforcement, reliable, well wap browser, good battery, replaceable covers
0	It eats batteries like there's no tomorrow.
0	It corrode batteries like there's no tomorrow.
0	Can only take 12 pictures on the "best" setting.
0	Can only take 12 impression on the "best" setting.
1	Tri-Band, Small, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery Life, Highly Expandable
1	Tri-Band, small-scale, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery animation, Highly Expandable
0	red eye, weak flash, too little memory to start
0	red eye, weak flash, too little memory to commence
0	None
0	none
1	Price and 1 Megapixel
1	price and 1 Megapixel
0	Poor battery life, a bit overpriced.
0	Poor battery life, a piece overpriced.
0	It's heavy, and the software that ships with the camera sucks.
0	It's heavy, and the package that ships with the camera suction.
0	Too many features
0	excessively many features
1	features, rugged, price, quality construction
1	have, rugged, price, quality construction
0	Horrible microphone. Limited phone book entries.
0	horrible microphone. Limited phone book entries.
0	Size, software
0	size, software
0	Bundled software (i.e. image editor) is pretty basic and geared toward novices
0	Bundled software (i.e. envision editor) is pretty BASIC and geared toward novices
1	Keeps your desk tidy; printheads are permanent feature of the machine; drivers are easy to install; prints very fast.
1	Keeps your desk tidy; printheads are permanent feature of the machine; driver are easy to instal; prints very dissipated.
1	Good battery life & features
1	practiced battery life & features
0	No Fax
0	no Fax
1	Flip style stops your ear from getting red, speakerphone, small size.
1	Flip style stoppage your ear from draw red, speakerphone, small size.
0	Gets hot during heavy use, poor ringer setup design.
0	Gets hot during heavy use, poor ringer setup conception.
1	battery life,  service,  durable(dropped it many times), excellent features, easy to use.
1	shelling life,  service,  durable(dismiss it many times), excellent features, easy to use.
1	I love the phone book and many features on the phone
1	I beloved the telephone book and many features on the phone
0	Chip Failures
0	chipping Failures
1	Small Size
1	Small sizing
1	Rugged, waterproof, droppable, easy to use
1	Rugged, waterproof, droppable, easy to usage
0	Settings are a bit confusing at first; must buy some accessories.
0	Settings are a bit disconcert at first; must steal some accessories.
1	Double Sided Printing, Quiet,, Stable
1	look-alike Sided Printing, Quiet,, Stable
0	Printer may shake desktop.  Black text rendition poor.  See opinion for work-around.
0	Printer whitethorn shake desktop.  Negro text rendition poor.  See opinion for work-around.
1	Great printing quality
1	Great printing lineament
0	Are there any?
0	be there any?
1	4 in 1, Cheap, Reliable, User Friendly, Easy to use, 
1	4 in 1, Cheap, Reliable, User Friendly, easily to utilize, 
0	 none, as far as I'm concerned
0	 none, as far as I'm refer
1	Great photo quality
1	heavy photo quality
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
0	Can't practice it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, feeble external screen
1	Good output quality, reliable paper feeding, inexpensive
1	dear output quality, reliable paper feeding, inexpensive
0	Batteries take about 8 hours to charge.
0	Batteries guide about 8 hours to charge.
1	Does Everything a normal High Quality Camera can do..
1	Does Everything a normal High prize Camera can do..
1	Good picture quality, Easy to handle, Lightweight, Good Price.
1	Good picture quality, Easy to handle, Lightweight, proficient Price.
1	Clear crisp printing. Very affordable.
1	top crisp printing. Very affordable.
0	A little weigh
0	A trivial weigh
1	A lot of features, It was free with my cellular plan.
1	A spate of feature, It was free with my cellular plan.
0	Doesnt ring loud enough.   Having to switch between num mode and abc mode sucks.
0	Doesnt pack loud enough.   Having to switch between num mode and abc fashion sucks.
0	no usb cable included, need canon papers for best results
0	no usb cable included, need canon paper for best outcome
1	Image quality, battery life, ISO 50, RAW format, etc.
1	Image quality, battery life, ISO 50, rude format, etc.
0	Very few cons, except the skimpy 8MB card that come with it
0	Very few bunko, except the skimpy 8MB card that derive with it
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	adenine decent phone with some unique features!
1	Lightweight and easy to carry; digital; attractive and stylish design.
1	Lightweight and well-to-do to transmit; digital; attractive and stylish design.
1	Was fun to play with at first!
1	Was fun to spiel with at first!
0	Too long to turn ON/OFF, only 20 voice-dialing numbers, battery life a bit short
0	Too long to turn ON/slay, only 20 voice-dialing act, battery life a bite short
0	Not the best reception, poor build quality (speaker stopped working, phone stopped working)
0	Not the best reception, poor physique quality (speaker bar working, phone stopped working)
0	finding ink, and print quality
0	see ink, and print quality
0	Sub-par sound, awkward menu layout
0	Sub-par sound, sticky menu layout
0	video capture is a lie
0	video capture is a Lie
1	Prints very quickly
1	mark very quickly
0	Only takes 100 sheets of paper, ocassional paper jam, but nothing frequent or that bad.
0	lonesome deal 100 sheets of paper, ocassional paper hole, but nothing frequent or that bad.
0	Expensive running costs, noisy, large, problems with non-Epson consumables.
0	Expensive running costs, noisy, gravid, problems with non-Epson consumables.
0	fair price but i hope they go down some
0	fair price but i promise they go down some
1	Nice Price! Good photo Quality!
1	Nice Price! Good photo timber!
1	5 Megapixel, Full Auto, Full Manual
1	5 Megapixel, full-of-the-moon Auto, Full Manual
0	No firewire/USB, a little larger than some, slight distortion at some angles.
0	No firewire/USB, a trivial larger than some, slight distortion at some angle.
1	None
1	none
1	All of the Above
1	entirely of the Above
0	poor to no customer service, not for MAC despite claims
0	poor to no customer service, not for mac contempt claims
0	Phone book interface a little hard to get used to
0	Phone book interface a slight hard to father used to
1	Speaker phone, sound quality
1	Speaker earphone, sound quality
1	Great color display, lots of applications
1	Great color display, raft of applications
0	a little problem printing from quark
0	a small problem printing from quark
0	Con&amp;#146;s&amp;#9;Digital Zoom is poor and the accessories are expensive.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	diddle&amp;#146;s&amp;#9;Digital zoom is poor and the accouterment are expensive.&ampere;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Good for text
1	near for text
1	Small, easy to use, easy to transfer photos, great quality
1	Small, easy to habituate, easy to transfer photos, expectant quality
0	So small it is not taken seriously till the prints are produced
0	So pocket-sized it is not taken seriously till the prints are grow
0	slightly slow print time
0	slightly tiresome print time
0	People always come out grey-looking and washed out
0	mass always come out grey-looking and washed out
0	60 second auto-off, Flash defaults to OFF.
0	60 second auto-off, photoflash defaults to OFF.
0	Limited number of ring styles and the ring volume is not adjustable
0	restrain number of pack styles and the ring volume is not adjustable
1	Affordable price,, Light weight,, Good quality of pictures in day-light
1	Affordable price,, scant weight,, soundly quality of pictures in day-light
0	No external antenna kills reception in fringe areas. No keypad cover.
0	No external antenna kill reception in fringe areas. No keypad encompass.
1	Super easy to use, a lot of features for the price, great flash
1	tops easy to use, a plenty of features for the price, great flash
0	Lack of sync plug and firewire, uses too many batteries, very fragile, ISO 320
0	Lack of sync jade and firewire, use too many batteries, very fragile, ISO 320
0	viewfinder difficult  to see in sunlight.
0	viewfinder difficult  to find in sunlight.
1	fast, silent, nice design
1	immobile, silent, nice design
0	Price and slight shutter lag&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Price and cold-shoulder shutter lag&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Style and Functionality included in the one phone, GREAT customer service
1	Style and Functionality included in the unity phone, dandy customer service
0	Voice quality is horrible, bulky, over sensitive buttons
0	Voice prime is horrible, bulky, over sensitive buttons
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	power button is hard to press, you won't need it often though
0	force clit is hard to press, you won't need it often though
0	risky technology
0	high-risk technology
0	None for a sub $500 digicam 
0	None for a sub $D digicam 
1	Palm PDA and cellphone in one
1	Palm PDA and cellphone in I
0	Skimpy memory stick
0	Skimpy memory beat
0	Not as small or lightweight as the 8260
0	Not as belittled or lightweight as the 8260
1	Signal strength, ease of use, color display, camera, ring functions, style
1	Signal intensity, ease of use, color display, camera, ring go, style
0	Proprietary battery, short battery life, menus difficult to get around
0	Proprietary battery, short battery spirit, menus difficult to acquire around
0	Loud feed tray, fairly large footprint
0	gaudy feed tray, fairly large footprint
1	cheap, easy to use
1	cheap, easy to role
0	None
0	none
0	Typical Nokia junk!
0	Typical Nokia scrap!
1	easy
1	tardily
0	Camera, flip phone
0	Camera, somersault phone
0	Slow Load time, paper feed errors!
0	Slow Load time, paper feast errors!
0	Red-eye reduction not very good, comes with small memory stick.
0	Red-eye reduction not very good, arrive with small memory gravel.
0	Battery life and buttons maybe small for bigger fingers.
0	Battery life and buttons maybe small for heavy fingers.
1	great pictures/ease of use
1	great pictures/ease of manipulation
0	Slow, big
0	Slow, prominent
1	Very Stylish, lightwieght, and compact.
1	Very Stylish, lightwieght, and contract.
0	Weak Flash, 2x zoom.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Picture quality below nikon 950&amp;#13;&amp;#10;expensive and weak rechargeable battery
0	Weak tatty, 2x zoom.&amp;#13;&AMP;#10;Picture calibre below nikon 950&amp;#13;&amp;#10;expensive and unaccented rechargeable battery
1	Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
1	Beautiful concealment & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
1	Price
1	damage
0	doesn't allow double exposure
0	doesn't allow duple exposure
0	use's a lot of ink for black and white
0	use's a spate of ink for black and white
0	flash not great
0	dart not great
1	Nice Photo Quality, Fast B&amp;W CHEAP
1	Nice Photo Quality, Fast B&amp;W gimcrack
1	Great for home use, good color, dependable as any out there, individual ink colors.
1	bully for home use, good tinge, dependable as any out there, individual ink colors.
1	Good resolution for a low cost camera
1	salutary resolution for a low cost camera
0	Big drawback is the lack of internet connection.
0	braggart drawback is the lack of internet connection.
1	good-looking, good features
1	good-looking, serious features
0	Text message input is very slow.
0	Text message input is very obtuse.
1	Great size, shape and features, especially voice notes
1	gravid size, shape and features, especially voice notes
1	Sturdy, good-looking, easy to use, helpful features
1	Sturdy, good-looking, easy to utilize, helpful features
0	No self timer.
0	No self timekeeper.
0	Price of Ink
0	cost of Ink
1	easy to use, easy to maneuver, smooth ride 
1	easygoing to use, easy to maneuver, smooth ride 
1	Small, many features, voice-activation
1	Small, many boast, voice-activation
1	Very sleek and small.  LOADS of features!
1	Very sleek and small.  warhead of features!
0	Difficult storage area, large size
0	Difficult storage area, bombastic size
1	reliable, easy to use
1	reliable, easy to employ
1	great pictures, fast downloads, nice camera body, customer support
1	great pictures, fast downloads, dainty camera body, customer support
0	low resolution, that way-to-bright flash!
0	low solving, that way-to-bright flash!
0	Poor picture quality, very slow speed between pictures, quite large, no zoom
0	Poor project quality, very slow speed between photo, quite large, no zoom
0	Price
0	price
0	Poor design, horrible contacts
0	miserable design, horrible contacts
1	Excellent photos
1	first-class photos
0	Slow, drinks ink, difficult to operate
0	Slow, wassail ink, difficult to operate
1	Easy to setup
1	gentle to setup
1	Inexpensive
1	cheap
1	Ultra-Compact Size, 4 megapixels, 3x Optical Zoom, Mode Dial &amp; FUNC button  
1	Ultra-Compact Size, 4 megapixels, 3x Optical soar, Mode Dial &amp; FUNC clitoris  
0	Expensive, easy to damage, cuts off alot
0	Expensive, easy to damage, skip off alot
1	Affordable,lightweight,easy to use.
1	low-priced,lightweight,easy to use.
0	No USB
0	nobelium USB
1	Easy usage
1	wanton usage
1	Fast Black and White printing
1	Fast Negro and White printing
1	Great Battery Life, Good PDA integration, feature rich
1	Great Battery Life, Good PDA integration, feature productive
1	Nice pictures, fairly easy-to-navigate menus, flexibility
1	Nice video, fairly easy-to-navigate menus, flexibility
0	No audible feedback.  Customer Service not competent.
0	No audible feedback.  Customer serve not competent.
0	No view finder. Will the moveable screen stand the test of time. 
0	no view finder. Will the moveable covert stand the test of time. 
1	Good price
1	soundly price
0	SD cards are expensive
0	SD lineup are expensive
0	Zoom is disappointing
0	surge is disappointing
0	proprietary rechargeable battery , 8mb card included with camera
0	proprietary rechargeable battery , 8mb scorecard included with camera
0	CF shipped is small (8Mb)
0	Cf shipped is small (8Mb)
1	Innovative, voice dialing, internet
1	innovational, voice dialing, internet
0	LCD Display is weak at best, menu navigation is poorly designed, Volume.
0	LCD Display is decrepit at better, menu navigation is poorly designed, Volume.
0	a bit bulky, a little slow on the focus
0	a snatch bulky, a little slow on the focus
1	Speaker phone
1	Speaker headphone
1	easy to use, basic features, text messaging, free phone
1	well-heeled to use, basic features, text messaging, free phone
1	It's cheap and it looks nice.
1	It's meretricious and it looks nice.
1	Fast, high quality, and a good small business printer
1	quick, high quality, and a good small business printer
0	MEMORY IS LIMITED.
0	MEMORY IS set.
0	Battery life
0	battery life
1	Compact and digital
1	stocky and digital
1	Fast Performance, Good Image Quality
1	Fast Performance, expert Image Quality
1	Affordable, easy-to-use, great features.
1	Affordable, easy-to-use, gravid features.
0	expensive (printer and cartridge), cleans very often (making sounds)
0	expensive (printer and cartridge), cleans very often (make sounds)
1	looks great, voice dialing, voice notes
1	looking great, voice dialing, voice notes
0	tough to line up shots
0	tough to blood up shots
1	Cheap ink replacement, small compact size, very very good photo pictures (using photo quality paper)
1	Cheap ink replacement, small concordat size, very very unspoilt photo pictures (using photo quality newspaper)
1	Small footprint, good speed, low operating cost.
1	Small footprint, soundly speed, low operating cost.
0	Its buttons are too small. Camera quality is very poor.
0	Its buttons are too small. Camera prime is very pathetic.
1	10x zoom, uses 3.5&amp;quot; disc, easy to use
1	10x zoom, uses troika.5&amp;quot; disc, easy to employment
1	Excellent starter camera.
1	Excellent newcomer camera.
1	sleek design, large screen, vibrant colour
1	sleek design, large screen, vibrant semblance
0	Terrible reception, software bugs
0	atrocious reception, software bugs
0	Shutter delay, digital zoom could be clearer
0	Shutter delay, digital surge could be clearer
1	Highest resolution I could find for the price!  Real glass lens!
1	eminent resolution I could uncovering for the price!  Real glass lens!
1	Fast printing, good text quality printing, trusted name.
1	Fast printing, good text quality printing, trusted appoint.
1	Good size, good photo quality, trendy look, high resolution capability
1	respectable size, good photo quality, trendy look, high resolution capacity
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
0	Can't utilise it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, washy external screen
1	Inexpensive; quiet printing; good quality printing
1	Inexpensive; quiet printing; unspoilt quality printing
1	LCD Monitor,Resolution,Price
1	LCD Monitor,solution,Price
0	Company doesn't support their product!
0	Company doesn't subscribe their product!
0	Expensive Cartridges
0	Expensive cartridge
1	Great Colour Screen
1	Great Colour shield
1	Unique features, holds multiple children if necessary
1	Unique features, oblige multiple children if necessary
0	Learning curve
0	con curve
1	good color copies, fast black &amp; white printing
1	good color copies, firm black &amp; white printing
1	image quality. ease of use for basic photography
1	image quality. rest of use for basic photography
1	cheap, high quality pictures
1	cheap, high choice pictures
1	Easy and trouble-free
1	promiscuous and trouble-free
1	It is inexpensive, compact, and in color!
1	It is inexpensive, compact, and in discolor!
0	Bad paper feed mechanism, Expensive consumables
0	Bad report feed mechanism, Expensive consumables
0	Extremely poor results. No flash. Very poor resolution and quality.
0	Extremely poor results. No heartbeat. Very poor declaration and quality.
0	HP OfficeJet T45 is very expensive, very big and hard in use.
0	HP OfficeJet T45 is very expensive, very openhanded and arduous in use.
0	Can be slow, ink smears until dry (not unique to this printer).
0	arse be slow, ink slander until dry (not unique to this printer).
0	ear speaker, ring too soft
0	ear speaker, ring too indulgent
0	Battery doesn't last long, memory is tight
0	Battery doesn't finale long, memory is tight
0	Comes with 8mb card. Too small for this much of a camera
0	cum with 8mb card. Too small-scale for this much of a camera
0	Old base charger doesn't accept the phone (batteries still charge)
0	Old Qaeda charger doesn't accept the phone (batteries nonetheless charge)
0	Not a true jogging stroller, weight, tires are small, 5 point harness could be better.
0	Not a true jogging stroller, weight, tires are little, 5 point rule could be break.
1	Small, light, stylish, intuitive menus, feature-rich, external LCD display, solid feel, large phone book, well-built.
1	minor, sluttish, stylish, intuitive menus, feature-rich, external LCD display, solid feel, magnanimous phone book, well-built.
0	flimsy trays
0	fragile trays
1	Design, functionality and short learning curve
1	purpose, functionality and short learning curve
1	Small, Light, Blue backlight, Vibracall
1	Small, loose, Blue backlight, Vibracall
0	thin plastic paper catcher
0	tenuous plastic paper catcher
0	OCR software is weak, Printing is slow, scan size limitations, no usb cord.
0	OCR software is frail, Printing is slow, read size limitations, no usb cord.
1	Simple to use
1	Simple to utilisation
0	You can't get through certain mall doors.
0	You can't gravel through certain mall doors.
0	When transferring pictures from the Polaroid program to another program, pictures turn out with white blotches.  I learned to just download directly from the camera into each program, the results are better!
0	When transferring project from the Polaroid program to another platform, figure turn out with bloodless blotches.  I teach to just download directly from the camera into each program, the results are practiced!
1	Moive Mode, 3x Zoom
1	Moive manner, 3x Zoom
1	Small, compact, good quality
1	Small, summary, good quality
0	No speakerphone for calls or voicemail.  Speaker for Direct Connect not as good as others.
0	No speakerphone for yell or voicemail.  Speaker for place Connect not as well as others.
1	Smooth ride, Turns easily, Comfy for toddler, Adjustable handle, Looks great
1	Smooth ride, spell easily, Comfy for yearling, Adjustable handle, Looks great
1	Easy to use, durable, great reception, great price, Many accessories
1	Easy to use, durable, great reception, gravid price, Many accessory
0	none really....the color variety is a little odd, but I still love it
0	none really....the emblazon diversity is a little odd, but I still love it
0	Only loads into computer half the time with associated software
0	Only dilute into estimator half the time with associated software
1	Very lightweight, but sturdy; good reception
1	Very lightweight, but sturdy; honest reception
0	memory stick can be expensive
0	memory joint can be expensive
1	Value, manual control, construction quality, panorama mode and software, image quality
1	Value, manual contain, twist quality, panorama mode and software, image quality
1	Price, setup, software
1	price, setup, software
0	not highest resolution - Nikon 990, Olympus 3030 better  picture quality yet larger
0	not highest resolution - Nikon 990, Olympus 3030 improve  see quality yet larger
1	cool, sleek design.
1	cool, slick design.
1	Inexpensive
1	inexpensive
0	Harder to use in low light
0	Harder to use in low unaccented
1	Photo ink lasts 75 years
1	Photo ink lasts lxxv years
1	Cheap, has printer/scanner/fax all in one unit
1	tawdry, has printer/scanner/fax all in one unit
1	One device to carry, good features, well-integrated phone and PDA features.
1	unmatchable device to carry, estimable features, well-integrated phone and PDA features.
0	Antennae breaks easily, Poor reception
0	Antennae die easily, Poor reception
0	No WAP, high price.
0	No WAP, gamy price.
0	Very short battery life - very limited volume on ring, accessories are a nightmare!
0	Very short battery life-time - very limited volume on phone, accessories are a nightmare!
1	High End functions and glass lenses at good prices.
1	High End functions and ice lenses at good prices.
0	charger base,vibrate mode is too soft, ringer isn't very loud.
0	charger groundwork,vibrate mode is too sonant, ringer isn't very loud.
0	can't seem to change the color....
0	can't seem to convert the color....
0	Clumsy Battery Door
0	ungainly Battery Door
1	Very nice high-color prints, B/W printing is very fast.
1	Very nice high-color prints, bacillus/W printing is very flying.
1	Crisp Text Output, Quiet 
1	Crisp Text Output, lull 
0	Variable picture quality.  Quick battery life.
0	Variable picture prime.  Quick battery life.
0	Pricey but you get what you pay for.
0	Pricey but you beget what you pay for.
1	Nice basic phone!
1	Nice basic call!
1	large seats, lightweight, easy to push/steer
1	large ass, lightweight, easy to push/steer
0	When traveling you will need memory accessories.
0	When journey you will need memory accessories.
1	cheap, excellent photo-color, acceptable resolution, excellent software
1	cheap, excellent photo-color, acceptable firmness, excellent software
0	none so far
0	none so ALIR
0	sometimes noisy
0	sometimes noisy
0	too new to find one
0	too new to find nonpareil
0	Expensive ink, slow photo printing, requires Epson paper
0	Expensive ink, sluggish photo printing, requires Epson paper
0	No USB cable included, Single Color cartridge
0	No USB cable included, I Color cartridge
1	Long Battery Life, Large Display, Digital/Data Compatible
1	Long Battery Life, Large Display, Digital/data Compatible
1	4.10 Megapixels, Very good picture quality
1	4.decade Megapixels, Very good picture quality
1	Fairly quiet as ink jets go, good color output, auto 2 sided printing.
1	Fairly quiet as ink squirt go, just color output, auto 2 sided printing.
1	Design; Come with charger and rechargable battery; movie mode with sound; easy file tranfer.
1	Design; get with charger and rechargable battery; picture mode with sound; easy file tranfer.
0	none
0	none
1	Cheap and easy to use. Decent quality for the price.
1	Cheap and easy to purpose. nice quality for the price.
1	Compact, outer LCD and clear display, records voice memos.
1	Compact, outer LCD and earn display, records voice memos.
0	Smartmedia memory. digital zoom
0	Smartmedia memory. digital soar
0	Antenna is huge -- almost as long as the phone when fully extended.
0	Antenna is huge -- almost as farsighted as the phone when fully prolonged.
0	Close-ups a little fuzzy, low memory (upgradable, though), viewer awkward
0	Close-ups a little muzzy, scurvy memory (upgradable, though), viewer awkward
0	Hard to see screen in sunlight
0	Hard to determine screen in sunlight
0	frequent battery recharge, no storage case, small chassis for large hands
0	frequent battery recharge, no storage case, small soma for large give
1	Compact design, customizable backgrounds, can cause gadget envy
1	Compact design, customizable backgrounds, can cause gismo envy
0	Date Imprint is not automatic
0	Date imprint is not automatic
1	reliable product
1	reliable intersection
0	Local product (and accessory) availability.  Somewhat lofty price tag.
0	Local product (and accessory) availability.  slightly lofty price tag.
1	Compact, Vibrate Mode, Excellent Voice Quality, Low Price
1	Compact, vibrate Mode, Excellent Voice Quality, Low Price
0	only 2x zoom, battery life short
0	only 2x zoom, battery life brusk
0	Red eye!
0	reddened eye!
0	runs a bit slow when set to high quality printing, program shows it's printing when it's not when set to high quality
0	move a bit slow when do to high lineament printing, program shows it's printing when it's not when lay to high quality
0	small control wheel, image quality control
0	small ensure wheel, image quality control
0	often malfunctions, uses ink too fast, horrible customer service
0	often malfunctions, exercise ink too fast, horrible customer service
0	Takes forever to start printing if you are printing 1st document after computer startup
0	need everlastingly to start printing if you are printing 1st document after computer startup
1	- SMS communication
1	- SM communication
0	NONE
0	none
0	Larger than most new cell phones, expensive
0	Larger than most Modern cell phones, expensive
0	LCD screen scratches very easily, 0.8 megapixels
0	LCD screen scratching very easily, 0.8 megapixels
0	None!
0	none!
0	none at all
0	none at all
1	features, light-weight, battery life on standby
1	lineament, light-weight, battery life on standby
0	Small display and buttons
0	Small display and push
0	Ink cost
0	Ink toll
0	sub par photo printing
0	sub par photo print
1	Smart Card reader feature
1	smart Card reader feature
1	Ease, quality, battery power, FEATURES, in a Class buy itself
1	Ease, quality, battery power, feature, in a division buy itself
1	the mp3 portion has decent sound
1	the mp3 portion has decent profound
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I remark in the review.
1	Fast and Reliable
1	dissipated and Reliable
1	Sleek, Easy to use, Clear blue backlight, and a variety of other features
1	Sleek, Easy to use, sack naughty backlight, and a variety of other features
1	Excellent picture quality.
1	Excellent project quality.
1	price, quality, warranty
1	price, character, warranty
0	Menu system can be improved
0	Menu scheme can be improved
1	Priced right, 3.1 Megapixles, 5  per second auto shots, Auto manual f-stops.
1	Priced right, three.1 Megapixles, 5  per second auto shots, automobile manual f-stops.
0	Doesn't print as well on plain paper as some other printers
0	Doesn't print as fountainhead on complain paper as some other printers
0	None yet...
0	None heretofore...
1	All in one solution * &#13;&#10;Impress your friends!
1	All in one solution * &#13;&#10;imprint your friends!
0	Weird looking!
0	Weird seem!
1	Inexpensive, good print quality
1	Inexpensive, dependable print quality
1	Image quality, size, menu system
1	figure quality, size, menu system
0	Non-alphabetized address book
0	Non-alphabetized address Koran
1	Great image size options, good quality pictures and excellent battery life.
1	Great image size options, good timber show and excellent battery life.
1	Excellent Resolution, Long Rechargable Lithium Battery life, Good Layout 
1	Excellent Resolution, Long Rechargable Lithium Battery life, honorable Layout 
1	Compact design, easy to use, great picture quality
1	Compact design, easy to use, great characterization quality
0	external buttons, recharge cradle, menu structure
0	external button, recharge cradle, menu structure
1	easy to use, takes great photos
1	easy to use, takes majuscule photos
0	I wish it had a burst mode like the olympus d-340-r to allow for fast action and recording of sporting events. I can learn to live without it especially since the quality of the printed pictures is so much better than the Olympus.
0	I wish it had a break mode like the olympus d-340-r to appropriate for fast action and commemorate of sport issue. I can learn to endure without it especially since the quality of the printed film is so much dear than the Olympus.
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of habituate
0	None
0	none
0	Red eye is horrendous, any subject movement causes blurring, pictures are soft
0	cherry eye is horrendous, any subject movement causes blurring, pictures are flaccid
0	colors are distorted
0	colors are strain
0	Cannot complete a conversation due to drop outs.
0	Cannot over a conversation due to drop outs.
1	Easy to use.  Weatherproof.  Takes great pictures.  Oversize buttons for easy use.
1	Easy to use.  Weatherproof.  acquire smashing pictures.  Oversize buttons for easy use.
1	Lots of Features, Dual LCD Display, Size, Styling, Tri-Mode, Voice Dialing
1	Lots of Features, duple LCD Display, Size, title, Tri-Mode, Voice Dialing
1	extremely sturdy, long battery life, good volume, quick menu access, some good rings
1	extremely sturdy, long battery life, good volume, quick menu access, some honorable band
0	Battery door is finicky.
0	Battery doorway is finicky.
0	No built in flash synch capability, no extra add on lenses yet
0	No built in trashy synch capability, no redundant add on lenses yet
1	Cheap (at first)
1	gaudy (at first)
1	Small, great sound, terrific battery life, neat blue screen, charges fast, easy availability of accessories
1	Small, slap-up reasoned, terrific battery life, neat blue screen, charges fast, easy handiness of accessories
1	Durability, size, zoom, options
1	Durability, size, zoom, alternative
0	bulky
0	bulky
0	Price, supplied CompactFlash card is small
0	Price, supplied CompactFlash card is lowly
0	Ink cartridges are ridiculously priced
0	Ink cartridges are preposterously priced
0	Sliding Keypad Cover could break easy
0	Sliding Keypad track could break easy
0	as with any merged products there are some compromises
0	as with any merged production there are some compromises
1	Oversize paper capability
1	oversized paper capability
0	keys could be too small and cumbersome for text messaging, battery power short
0	keys could be too small and cumbersome for text messaging, battery ability short-change
1	Picture quality, durability, design, ease of use.
1	Picture quality, durability, design, simplicity of use.
0	small memory card included, no USB support, poor low-light indoor shots
0	small memory card included, no USB living, wretched low-light indoor shots
0	adapter for headphones, FM tuner doesn't work without the hands-free unit plugged in
0	adaptor for headphones, FM tuner doesn't process without the hands-free unit plugged in
1	Photos look good on TV
1	photograph look good on TV
1	Nice performance, relatively compact, reasonably priced.
1	Nice performance, relatively wad, reasonably priced.
0	Lack of caller ID features
0	Lack of phoner ID features
1	small, clam shell, call clarity, 1xRTT capable, midi sound (polyphonic), web-enabled
1	small, clam cuticle, birdsong clarity, 1xRTT capable, midi sound (polyphonic), web-enabled
0	cheap flimsy plastic, battery life sucks!!,screen keeps freezing up!!!
0	meretricious flimsy plastic, battery life blow!!,screen keeps freezing up!!!
0	Battery
0	barrage
1	Size, Amber backlight, Reception, Clarity
1	Size, brownish-yellow backlight, Reception, Clarity
0	Size
0	size
1	Zoom, Weather Proof
1	Zoom, Weather proof
1	small and has multiple functions with a nice usb connection
1	pocket-sized and has multiple subprogram with a nice usb connection
0	Just about every thing that can make a printer bad.
0	Just about every thing that can piss a printer badly.
1	Inexpensive, Medium Quality good for everyday use.
1	Inexpensive, Medium Quality good for everyday utilize.
0	A little slow on the color, vibrates a bit
0	A lilliputian slow on the color, vibrates a bit
0	none so far, maybe limits on paper size
0	none so FAR, maybe limits on paper size
0	price
0	cost
1	Quiet, 2400x1200 dpi, Small (folding tray), USB, Ink Level Monitoring
1	calm, 2400x1200 dpi, Small (folding tray), USB, Ink level Monitoring
1	Price, quality, ease of use.
1	Price, quality, simplicity of use.
1	Simple to use, Easy menus, User friendly
1	Simple to manipulation, Easy menus, User friendly
1	Tiny Size, Inexpensive, Picture and Video Capture, Over 1 mp, Easy to use Software
1	Tiny Size, Inexpensive, Picture and Video Capture, Over 1 mp, well-off to employment Software
1	Great photo quality, feature - full, upgradeable, ergonomic, intuitive, night, movie, and macro modes
1	slap-up photo quality, feature - full, upgradeable, ergonomic, intuitive, night, pic, and macro modes
1	Color, fast, ease of use
1	colorize, fast, ease of use
0	none
0	none
1	Excellent Pictures! Quick turn around, burst mode.
1	Excellent characterisation! Quick turn around, burst mode.
1	Small footprint, easy to use, extremely portable, converts to scanner with scanning cartridge
1	humble footprint, loose to use, extremely portable, converts to scanner with scanning cartridge
0	Few aftermarket inks
0	Few aftermarket ink
0	Could be faster, finicky USB setup
0	Could be faster, fussy USB setup
0	Buttons can be better
0	Buttons can be right
0	Voice dial is strange. Can only view and save pictures sent using the Sprint camera!
0	Voice dial is unknown. pot only view and save pictures direct using the Sprint camera!
1	Very light weight, useful features, excellent quality.
1	Very low-cal weight, useful features, excellent quality.
1	cute, dual screen, good signal.
1	cute, dual filmdom, good signal.
0	too hard to operate
0	too heavy to operate
1	Cheaper than others
1	punk than others
1	Expensive features, low price
1	Expensive features, scummy price
0	Memory size (needs upgrade)
0	Memory size (involve upgrade)
0	Mediocre quality pictures, functions are limited.
0	Mediocre quality pictures, function are limited.
0	Not at all pocketable. Lousy lens cap
0	Not at all pocketable. crappy lens cap
1	All around excellent
1	all around excellent
0	serial port connection is slow, flash is slightly weak, comes with little memory
0	serial port connection is slow, flash is slightly weak, fare with little retentiveness
1	Get for Companies
1	beat for Companies
0	I can't think of any.
0	1 can't think of any.
0	No AF illumination beam, no manual exposure options, rechargeable batteries and charger not included 
0	No AF miniature beam, no manual exposure options, rechargeable battery and charger not included 
0	Lens cap design, software bundle
0	Lens cap invention, software bundle
1	Web enabled, small size, light weight, large display screen, send and receive email, faxes.
1	Web enabled, small size, light weight, bombastic display sort, send and receive email, faxes.
1	Hmmm...it makes a great doorstop? Oh, I know...It fits in your pocket.
1	Hmmm...it makes a great doorstop? Oh, unity know...It agree in your pocket.
0	Horrible printer
0	horrible printer
0	Jams easily. A bit on the costly side.
0	Jams easily. A bit on the pricey side.
1	Large buttons; low price; loud ringer; good reception; large display; good menu system
1	Large buttons; low price; loud clone; respectable reception; large display; good menu system
0	Slow, unreliable, eats paper
0	behind, unreliable, eats paper
0	EVERYTHING
0	EVERYTHING
0	The price of $179!
0	The terms of $179!
0	None
0	none
0	none
0	none
1	Small, nice features
1	diminished, nice features
0	none
0	none
0	It's life expectancy is SHORT
0	It's lifetime expectancy is SHORT
1	Great battery life
1	Great battery aliveness
1	Easy to use, lightweight, powerful
1	Easy to employment, lightweight, powerful
1	Great basic phone - Verizon service and signal
1	big basic phone - Verizon service and signal
0	A tad bulky and heavy
0	A tad bulky and toilsome
1	Great resolution, easy to use (point and click)!!
1	Great solution, easy to use (point and click)!!
1	Large enough so you can actually see and push the buttons
1	large enough so you can actually examine and push the buttons
1	Fax is nice and clean
1	Fax is nice and strip
0	No Zoom
0	No soar
1	Train whistle message tone, color animation, ease of use
1	Train whistle message tone, color spiritedness, ease of use
0	Only Canon brand paper makes decent prints; pretty loud.
0	Only Canon brand newspaper makes decent prints; pretty loud.
1	Extremely easy to use, great for beginners, more options for your photos!
1	Extremely easy to use, nifty for founder, more options for your photos!
0	no battery indicator.
0	no barrage indicator.
0	Expensive
0	expensive
1	easy install, reliable, networkable, good quality output
1	easy install, reliable, networkable, salutary quality output
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, easy software.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, comfortable software.
0	Poor reception, screen turns white, pricey for what it is.
0	Poor reception, screen number snowy, pricey for what it is.
1	Too Many to list in 15 words
1	besides Many to list in 15 words
0	Terribly cheap quality, center bar breaks, wheels fall off
0	Terribly cheap quality, center bar stop, wheels fall off
0	Volume range; echo
0	Volume range; reverberation
1	Great photo-quality high res prints
1	great photo-quality high res prints
1	Good text.
1	honest text.
0	No 2 way text messaging.
0	No 2 style text messaging.
0	7MB Built In Memory
0	7MB Built inwards Memory
1	Good software, lasts along time
1	Good software, lasts along clip
0	losing signal turns off keyguard
0	losing signal number off keyguard
0	Low Battery Life
0	Low Battery biography
0	Operation, signal strength, power cord, power consumption.
0	Operation, signal strength, power cord, power usance.
1	Quick printing, looks nice, affordable, easy to use.
1	Quick printing, looking nice, affordable, easy to use.
1	Slim, Time your call, Vibrate & Ring, Remote control Voice Dial
1	Slim, Time your call, Vibrate & Ring, Remote ascendency part Dial
1	memory price -- uses diskettes
1	memory price -- expend diskettes
0	noisy, blurry, leaky, slow
0	noisy, blurry, leaky, slowly
0	a bit slow
0	a routine slow
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
0	freezing menu, ringer see on outside phone, failed shout, sucks over all
0	pricey, low-res pics, bulky. wash-out flash
0	pricey, low-res pics, bulky. wash-out flashgun
1	Sharp vivid colors, easy use
1	Sharp vivid colours, easy use
0	just about everything about it
0	just about everything about it
1	camera, good shape, games, LCD screens, reception, double batteries
1	camera, skilful shape, games, LCD screens, reception, double batteries
0	When printing photos, ink takes a long time to dry.
0	When impression photos, ink charter a long time to dry.
1	Easy to use, Amazing Interface, Cheap, Almost Too Many Options
1	light to use, Amazing Interface, garish, Almost Too Many Options
1	Nice size, fast, nice features, nice photos and fairly long battery life...
1	Nice size, fast, nice features, courteous photos and fairly recollective battery life...
1	megapixels, software
1	megapixels, package
1	Beautiful print quality, inexpensive printer
1	Beautiful mark quality, inexpensive printer
0	The num pad is a little soft. Not very responsive.
0	The num pad is a short easygoing. Not very responsive.
1	Design, a flip phone, and easy to operate
1	Design, a flip phone, and comfortable to operate
1	good print quality regular and pictures
1	full print quality regular and pictures
1	good color
1	ripe color
1	good quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;small, takes up little space,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;inexpensive&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easy hook up/instructions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;sleek look
1	good character&amp;#13;&amp;#10;small, direct up little space,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;inexpensive&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easy draw up/pedagogy&ampere;#13;&amp;#10;sleek await
0	NONE
0	none
0	Bit large, surface scratches easy (get lambskin cover), battery life diminishes fast while talking ~2hr
0	Bit large, surface shekels prosperous (get lambskin top), battery life diminishes fast while talking ~2hr
0	It broke after 1 month.  Blurred pics are common.
0	It broke after 1 month.  Blurred pics are usual.
0	B &amp; W text could be better, slow duplex unit, pricey ink cartridges
0	B &amp; w text could be best, slow duplex unit, pricey ink cartridges
1	hi pict mode, sharpness, clarity, good color
1	hi pict mode, sharpness, clarity, good colourize
1	Mini CD storage, Zoom Lens
1	Mini CD memory, Zoom Lens
1	Uncomfortable for Babies
1	Uncomfortable for mollycoddle
1	great pictures good price
1	great pictures undecomposed price
1	Quality, USB connection, Ink Supply
1	Quality, USB connection, Ink supply
0	Skimpy included CF card, "only" 2 MP, Limited AVI recording time
0	Skimpy included mucoviscidosis card, "only" 2 MP, bound AVI recording time
0	A bit slow to start and between pictures, uses a lot of battery.
0	A turn slow to start and between scene, uses a lot of battery.
0	depending on your budget might be expensive
0	count on your budget might be expensive
0	sensitive to indoor lighting ( color distortion with bad light )
0	sensitive to indoor lighting ( color distortion with bad Light )
1	Good price for good quality
1	Good price for full quality
0	deep price
0	bass price
0	1 number per person, bulky, heavy, short battery life, bad ringtones, no web access
0	1 number per person, bulky, sullen, little battery life, bad ringtones, no web access
1	Brilliant technology, beautiful design, & amazing sound & quality.
1	Brilliant technology, beautiful design, & amazing sound & lineament.
0	None for me.  It works great as a phone.
0	None for me.  It oeuvre great as a phone.
0	size
0	sizing
0	So, what's the catch? Why, it's &lt;i&gt;OBSOLETE!&lt;/i&gt; And, it's Digital.
0	So, what's the stop? Why, it's &lt;i&gt;obsolete!&lt;/i&gt; And, it's digital.
1	USB, 8MB Flash, Video recording, timer.
1	USB, 8MB brassy, Video recording, timer.
0	Works poorly indoors
0	exploit poorly indoors
1	Small, Great battery life, Clear reception, Easy 1-touch dialing, Outside Caller ID display
1	Small, Great battery life, Clear reception, Easy 1-touch dialing, exterior Caller ID show
0	A little steep in price(but worth it)
0	A little unconscionable in price(but worth it)
1	Lots of features, good quality, fairly cheap
1	much of features, good quality, fairly cheap
0	blurriness, no flash, not very durable.
0	blurriness, no newsbreak, not very durable.
1	Great print quality, affordable
1	neat print quality, affordable
1	small, goodlooking, good macro and automatical focus, quick trigger, good picture display
1	small, goodlooking, good macro and automatical concentrate, quick trigger, good render display
0	Smartmedia 64 megs limits number of pictures at highest resolution
0	Smartmedia 64 megs limits figure of pictures at highest closure
0	Uses a lot of battery power
0	Uses a peck of battery power
0	No exterior caller ID, outbound volume to loud
0	No exterior caller ID, outbound volume to trashy
0	When I got home, it didn't work.
0	When I arrest home, it didn't work.
1	Its small, versatile, and affordable.
1	Its little, versatile, and affordable.
0	Phonebook support, battery life, SMS support, buggy BT
0	Phonebook sustenance, battery life, SMS support, buggy BT
1	Excellent Images.  Movie Mode! Lots of adjustment options.  Long battery life.
1	Excellent Images.  Movie modality! Lots of adjustment options.  tenacious battery life.
1	Compact, rugged, high-quality images
1	Compact, rugged, high-quality epitome
0	slow speed, paper jams
0	slow speed, paper obturate
1	Close up shots.
1	last up shots.
1	sleek, fits in pocket easily, external window, MIDI ringers
1	sleek, fits in pocket easily, external window, MIDI ringer
0	PRICE!
0	damage!
0	price
0	cost
0	High initial cost, stupid out tray
0	mellow initial cost, stupid out tray
0	Delay in capture, no separate charger
0	Delay in enamour, no separate charger
0	Ugly
0	horrible
0	no USB or parallel cable included, fairly large footprint
0	no USB or parallel cable included, fairly vauntingly footprint
0	RECEPTION SUCKS! Slow interface!
0	RECEPTION blow! Slow interface!
0	buttons too small for my small fingers, not intuitive, difficult navigation, confusing menu nesting
0	buttons too belittled for my pocket-sized fingers, not intuitive, difficult navigation, confusing menu nesting
0	none found yet
0	none rule yet
0	battery life
0	barrage life
1	Palm is a good OS, just not on this product.
1	Palm is a beneficial osmium, just not on this product.
1	Small camera, lightweight,excellent pictures.
1	Small camera, lightweight,excellent impression.
0	hard to lock into place, can be a rough ride, price
0	hard to lock into plaza, can be a approximative ride, price
0	Unreliable equipment. Breaks for no reason. 
0	unreliable equipment. Breaks for no reason. 
0	Rather heavy and big
0	Rather hard and big
0	Bulky, a bit of a shutter lag, lacks a viewfinder, viewscreen is fragile
0	Bulky, a minute of a shutter slowdown, lacks a viewfinder, viewscreen is fragile
1	Quality craftsmanship, well-packaged, fully featured, sharp optics
1	prime craftsmanship, well-packaged, fully featured, sharp optics
1	Zoom, LCD display, long battery life, pictures on floppy
1	Zoom, LCD display, tenacious battery life, pictures on floppy
0	noise, speed
0	racket, speed
0	Price. Size. Does not fold up easily.  
0	Price. Size. fare not fold up easily.  
0	Some blurry photos in motion and exposure is too dark when shadowed under sun
0	Some blurry photos in gesticulate and exposure is too dour when shadowed under sun
0	Camera leaves a bit to be desired
0	Camera leaves a bit to be hope
0	Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
0	Overall reliability, blind seems cluttered.
0	Discontinued in most stores
0	Discontinued in most shop
0	The $400.00 cost will turn a lot of people off to this phone.
0	The $400.00 cost will become a caboodle of people off to this phone.
0	Noisy, A bit large
0	Noisy, A bit boastfully
0	A bit expensive
0	A turn expensive
0	none yet
0	none heretofore
0	Signal Strength, Signal Strength, Signal Strenth.
0	Signal Strength, signaling Strength, Signal Strenth.
1	sound, ring tones, voice activated dialing, light, solid, big display
1	sound, telephone tones, voice activated dialing, lightness, solid, big display
0	Availability
0	availableness
1	size, simplicity
1	size, easiness
0	Really just too many to list:  The worst software, crappy phone, horrid battery life
0	Really just too many to lean:  The worst software, crappy phone, horrid battery lifetime
0	Weight
0	burthen
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
0	lacklustre mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
1	everything is easy to use and the funtions are great
1	everything is well-fixed to use and the funtions are bang-up
0	Cables should be included
0	cablegram should be included
1	Advanced camera, Good image Quality, Flexible exposure modes, many, many features
1	Advanced camera, Good look-alike Quality, flexile exposure modes, many, many features
0	buttons hard to use
0	buttons hard to apply
0	autofocus in dark situations is crap - can't reload batteries in camera
0	autofocus in shadow situations is crap - can't recharge batteries in camera
1	Extremely small size, fast start up time, ease of use, USB interface
1	Extremely small size, flying start up time, comfort of use, USB interface
1	Wonderful Camera
1	fantastic Camera
0	Photo quality is not great.  Eats batteries like piranhas eat wounded cattle.
0	Photo lineament is not great.  Eats batteries like predator eat wounded cattle.
0	Non-rechargable batteries, Very short battery life, Memory card fairly small
0	Non-rechargable batteries, identical short battery animation, Memory card fairly small
1	Mobil Web
1	Mobil entanglement
1	Great photos, small and compact, a lot of features, meets all of the criteria I look for
1	Great photos, small and thick, a lot of features, meets all of the standard unity look for
0	Surprisingly loud
0	Surprisingly tatty
1	Sleek,nice screen.
1	silken,nice screen.
1	Good paper feed
1	upright paper feed
0	red eye, lens distortion, could use more accessories
0	red eye, lens distortion, could exercise more accessories
0	none yet
0	none however
0	Should come bundled with larger memory card and rechargeable batteries!
0	Should come bunch with expectant memory card and rechargeable batteries!
1	Manual and Automatic.  Very little lag.  4 megapixel.
1	Manual and Automatic.  Very little lag.  quaternary megapixel.
0	Movie mode not that great!
0	Movie mode not that capital!
1	Sturdy, basic phone. Low price. Great quality.
1	Sturdy, basic phone. Low cost. Great quality.
0	Poor battery life and above average shutter lag  
0	misfortunate battery life and above average shutter lag  
1	high quality, ease of use, stores pictures of floppy disk
1	high quality, alleviate of use, stores envision of floppy disk
0	Menu system a mess, itap messages, small screen. lack of functions.
0	Menu system a mess, itap content, modest screen. lack of functions.
1	price, ease of use, lots of useful features
1	price, ease of employment, lots of useful features
0	Batteries go to quickly!
0	Batteries run to quickly!
0	looks more complicated than it is
0	seem more complicated than it is
0	No speaker phone or voice recognition. But most importantly, not the best reception.
0	No verbaliser phone or voice recognition. But most importantly, not the skilful reception.
1	Packed with features, web access is convenient
1	Packed with features, web admittance is convenient
0	Can't turn off greeting and exit sound.  Headset low.  Some rings low.
0	Can't ferment off greeting and exit sound.  Headset low.  Some rings depressed.
0	Software drivers are a nightmare.
0	software drivers are a nightmare.
1	quality
1	calibre
0	No features that stand out
0	No features that resist out
0	A twenty dollar camera sold for over three hundred.
0	A twenty dollar camera sold for over deuce-ace hundred.
1	Great color rendition; clear, crisp photo quality
1	Great tinge rendition; clear, crisp photo quality
1	sturdy, convenient
1	stout, convenient
0	Noisy and Power Hog.
0	Noisy and king Hog.
1	Small, light, long battery life, good menu system
1	small-scale, light, long battery life, good menu system
0	Single band, a lot of returns
0	Single band, a wad of returns
1	Color screen,speaker phone,camera capability,and the web.
1	coloration screen,speaker phone,camera capability,and the web.
0	Not the best quality definition.
0	Not the best calibre definition.
1	Small, light, simple, pockatable
1	Small, ignitor, simple, pockatable
1	Compatible with Apple's USB Printer Sharing, inexpensive
1	compatible with Apple's USB Printer Sharing, inexpensive
1	reusable, inexpensive disk storage, zoom lens
1	reusable, inexpensive disk storage, soar lens
1	loud speakerphone, customizable features, user friendly, looks good.
1	loud speakerphone, customizable features, user friendly, looks adept.
1	The best value out there!!
1	The best prize out there!!
0	batteries run down fast
0	batteries endure down fast
0	Text printing slow, but useable.
0	Text printing behind, but useable.
0	you have to buy alot of batteries
0	you have to buy alot of barrage
1	Light and Small, Durable, easy to use menu, cheap
1	Light and pocket-size, Durable, easy to use menu, cheap
0	Works bad on new Win2000 PC
0	act bad on new Win2000 PC
1	Size, weight, outstanding screen, ease of use, quick menu access, plenty of features.
1	Size, weight, outstanding screen, ease of utilization, quick menu access, mickle of features.
0	none yet
0	none hitherto
1	back loading, easy to use, ink meter 
1	back loading, easy to exercise, ink meter 
1	Easy to use menus, long battery life, easy to use software
1	Easy to use fare, long battery life, well-heeled to use software
1	Bluetooth, Bluetooth, Bluetooth! Appearance and build quality. Voice dial.
1	Bluetooth, Bluetooth, Bluetooth! Appearance and build tone. Voice dial.
0	None that I have encountered
0	None that iodine have encountered
1	Quality of prints are quite dramatic if used with the right papers. Sleek industrial design.
1	Quality of prints are quite dramatic if used with the rightfulness papers. silky industrial designing.
0	Bad product.  Wouldn't accept a fax.  Shakes.  Copies skewed.  Dropouts.
0	Bad product.  Wouldn't swallow a fax.  Shakes.  Copies skewed.  dropout.
0	Slow; Consumes lots of memory and CPU from your PC; Works well only for Windows95/98
0	dense; Consumes tons of memory and CPU from your PC; act well only for Windows95/98
0	none that I can report
0	none that I can story
1	Excellent print , scan and copy quality
1	Excellent print , scan and re-create quality
0	price
0	toll
0	If the phone had the speaker phone ability it would rule.
0	If the ring had the speaker phone ability it would govern.
0	The scanner and fax are really bad
0	The scanner and fax are really spoilt
0	none for the money invested
0	none for the money gift
1	I have never had a paper jam or any problems with it.
1	I have never had a paper obturate or any problem with it.
1	Excellent reception, bluetooth works well for my purposes, the rubberized blue coating is very nice
1	Excellent reception, bluetooth works well for my purposes, the rubberized gentle covering is very prissy
0	The Color Choice
0	The colourize Choice
1	CHEAP
1	tawdry
1	clarity, still+video camera, over-all appearance of phone, speaker phone, voice-activated dialing
1	clarity, motionless+telecasting camera, over-all appearance of phone, speaker phone, voice-activated dialing
0	No support for anything but windows 9x
0	No back for anything but windows 9x
1	Fairly well featured
1	Fairly easily featured
0	My Epson C80 didn't perform for long--quit printing 6 months after warranty expired.
0	My Epson C80 didn't perform for long--quit impress 6 months after warranty pass.
0	ergonomics
0	biotechnology
0	None
0	none
0	no USB syncing..., sprint does not provide SMTP services for sending email.
0	no USB syncing..., sprint does not ply SMTP services for send email.
1	a great printer for home use,four separate color inks
1	a great printer for home apply,four fork color inks
1	LCD Display, size
1	LCD expose, size
1	Light, nice screen colors, easy to use, nice tones.
1	light-colored, nice screen colors, easy to use, nice tones.
0	bit large, and loud paper feed
0	bit large, and loud paper feast
1	Beautiful design... rugged... choc-ful-of features...
1	Beautiful contrive... rugged... choc-ful-of features...
0	scanning problems
0	read problems
0	accessories not included, occasional lag time
0	accessories not included, occasional remand time
1	It was free
1	It was disengage
0	Small memory cards
0	small memory cards
1	Excellent photo quality, panoramic ability, decent on battery life.
1	Excellent photo quality, panoramic ability, decently on battery life.
0	A little bigger than the typical phone
0	A little bigger than the typical telephone
0	antennae
0	aerial
1	takes great pictures
1	study great pictures
0	Slower than expected printing
0	deadening than expected printing
1	quality print, &amp;quot;dry&amp;quot; ink, reasonable speed
1	calibre print, &amp;quot;dry&amp;quot; ink, reasonable upper
0	lens cap, documentation
0	lens crownwork, documentation
0	none
0	none
1	great features, generally decent design
1	bully features, generally decent design
1	Nice Pictures, Sturdy Case, Flexible Controls
1	Nice Pictures, Sturdy Case, Flexible command
0	Software
0	package
1	Tri-mode, easy to use
1	Tri-mode, easy to enjoyment
1	very durable
1	very undestroyable
0	Just OK picture quality - nothing to write home about
0	Just OK fancy quality - nothing to write home about
1	nice voice guy
1	nice voice ridicule
1	excellent quality
1	splendid quality
0	slow in taking a picture
0	slow in carry a picture
1	near pro-level at consumer-level price.  excellent image quality
1	near pro-level at consumer-level price.  excellent visualise quality
0	-Software is a little slow, software version .03 is supposed to fix this.
0	-Software is a little tardily, package version .03 is supposed to fix this.
0	several seconds between shots, only 2x zoom, flash card eject button awkward
0	several seconds between shots, only 2x zoom, swank poster eject button awkward
0	Scanner and Fax software not so impressive.
0	Scanner and fax software not so impressive.
1	inexpensive, nice LCD display with decent options
1	inexpensive, nice LCD display with decent choice
1	A great looking, feature filled phone.
1	A great looking, feature filled call.
0	Some minor flaws, but nothing major
0	Some tiddler flaws, but nothing major
1	picture quality, battery life, flexible storage devices
1	picture quality, battery life, flexible store devices
1	Good camera, great 320x240 display, MP3 player sound quality, popular phone platform=lots of games/apps,
1	honorable camera, groovy 320x240 display, MP3 player sound quality, popular phone platform=destiny of games/apps,
1	useful, several machines in one, no problems
1	useful, several auto in one, no problems
0	Needs expensive paper to produce photo quality images
0	Needs expensive paper to farm photo quality images
0	The rest of it
0	The residual of it
1	Low Cost, High Resolution, User Friendly
1	Low Cost, High resolving, User Friendly
0	menu/buttons need to be learned, slow LCD display
0	menu/clitoris need to be learned, slow LCD display
1	Full QWERTY keyboard and speakerphone.
1	fully QWERTY keyboard and speakerphone.
1	triband (GSM-compatible); backlit numbers, fun camera, decent menus + good reception and sound
1	triband (GSM-compatible); backlit numbers, fun camera, decently menus + thoroughly reception and sound
0	Small video, no viewfinder, sony mem sticks are expensive!
0	Small video, no viewfinder, sony mem gravel are expensive!
0	Not good enough for professional artists.
0	Not good decent for professional artists.
0	resolution/can be a bit pricey for the non-pro
0	solution/can be a bit pricey for the non-pro
1	1.  Copy&amp;#13;&amp;#10;2.  Common but expensive inkjet with the 900X series inkjet printer,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	1.  Copy&amp;#13;&amp;#ten;2.  Common but expensive inkjet with the 900X series inkjet pressman,&A;#XIII;&amp;#10;
0	Size, Cartridge Cost
0	size, Cartridge Cost
1	Easy to use, great pictures, versitile, no "special" cards needed to hold pictures
1	well-off to use, great pictures, versitile, no "special" notice needed to hold pictures
0	Slow spooling, ineffective drivers
0	easy spooling, ineffective drivers
1	Excellent size, good integration, stable
1	Excellent size, estimable integration, stable
0	None of the pros actually WORK reliably,software crash/freeze, Sprint cust. service, Samsung cust. svc.
0	none of the pros actually sour reliably,software clank/freeze, Sprint cust. service, Samsung cust. svc.
1	Looks nice, fun lights, changeable face plates
1	Looks decent, fun lights, changeable face plates
1	great size
1	cracking size
0	lacks some featers of higher cost printers
0	lacks some featers of higher toll printers
1	great bargain, great printing!
1	great bargain, peachy printing!
1	Easy to Use, Fantastic Image Quality
1	Easy to Use, Fantastic image Quality
0	Short battery life, does not come with many necessary accessories, poor resolution.
0	Short battery life, does not get with many necessary accessories, pitiable resolution.
1	Awesome screen, stylish, good reception, loud ringer, strong vibrate, wireless web
1	Awesome screen, stylish, commodity reception, gaudy ringer, strong vibrate, wireless web
0	For new users menu is a bit confusing. Just read the manual!
0	For new users menu is a fleck jumble. Just read the manual!
0	rechargeable battery and charger is not included, an additional $80 online
0	rechargeable battery and courser is not included, an extra $80 online
0	noisy, slow, expensive, print heads only available online
0	noisy, slow, expensive, publish heads only available online
0	Indoor exposure, Needs better manual for optional settings,
0	Indoor exposure, Needs easily manual for optional settings,
1	Very reliable!!!
1	rattling reliable!!!
1	Inexpensive, fast, light-weight and compact
1	Inexpensive, fast, light-weight and squeeze
0	power features are hard to learn
0	power characteristic are hard to learn
0	Slow operation of shutter trip
0	dense operation of shutter trip
1	Small, sturdy.  Inexpensive for what you get.  USB Scandisk for transferring pictures.
1	Small, sturdy.  Inexpensive for what you let.  USB Scandisk for transferring visualise.
0	Outside button controls are susceptible to unintended use, byzantine and repetitous option procedures
0	Outside button operate are susceptible to unintended usance, byzantine and repetitous option procedures
1	Great printing.
1	Great impression.
0	none
0	none
1	great value for the price
1	enceinte value for the price
1	Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
1	Better digital signal reception; decorous sound.
0	Incompatible with Windows 98!  Poor service
0	Incompatible with Windows 98!  Poor Service
1	Great Quality printing,  Pictures print out very good
1	Great Quality printing,  Pictures print out very secure
1	Great Reception, small and sleek
1	smashing Reception, small and sleek
0	Eats batteries like an aardvark eats ants
0	Eats batteries ilk an aardvark eats ants
1	Great Product, small & compact, EXCELLENT voice quality & range (beats Nokia hands down). SMALL!
1	Great Product, small & compact, first-class voice quality & range (vex Nokia hands down). SMALL!
1	Everything, clarity...etc...
1	Everything, pellucidity...etc...
1	Several great features, good sound, good signal
1	Several great features, soundly sound, good signal
1	Small - lightweight as the m505. Well-thought through design and functionality.  Worth every penny.
1	minor - lightweight as the m505. Well-thought through pattern and functionality.  Worth every penny.
1	Small size, lightweight, easy to read screen
1	Small size, jackanapes, easy to read screen
0	Can not download ring tones, battery life
0	Can not download ring tones, battery sprightliness
1	Fast, crisp, reliable and good looking!
1	Fast, crisp, reliable and good wait!
0	Eats batteries like a HUMMER! Needs a neck strap! Fragile toggle back button
0	Eats batteries like a HUMMER! necessitate a neck strap! Fragile toggle stake button
1	Small, easy to setup, simple software package. Cheap replacement cartridges. Inexpensive printing over time.
1	Small, easy to setup, simple software parcel. gimcrack replacement cartridges. Inexpensive printing over time.
1	Personalize your ring tones. Small. Great sound when listening to the other party/caller.
1	Personalize your ring tonus. Small. Great sound when listen to the other party/caller.
0	Small LCD screen. 
0	Small LCD covert. 
0	Battery Sucker, Delay between when you push button and picture is taken
0	Battery Sucker, Delay between when you push button and envision is contain
0	poor ergonomics, poor flash integration, poor viewfinder, autofocus almost useless
0	hapless ergonomics, poor tatty integration, poor viewfinder, autofocus almost useless
0	cost
0	be
0	Uses batteries quickly, recommend an AC adapter.
0	usage batteries quickly, recommend an AC adapter.
1	Large battery, hot shoe, raw files
1	Large battery, hot horseshoe, raw files
0	Very poor glossy photo printing, clumsy-looking
0	Very pitiable glossy photo printing, clumsy-looking
0	software, JPG compression only option, no battery life indicator
0	software, JPG compaction only option, no battery life indicator
0	None so far.
0	None so FAR.
0	sound quality, reception
0	healthy quality, reception
1	Promising features (if it worked)
1	Promising features (if it wreak)
0	Could use focus assist light for dark focusing
0	Could use focus assist lightheaded for dark focusing
0	Expensive, crashes occasionally.
0	Expensive, clangor occasionally.
0	Flimsy output tray, printheads 
0	Flimsy production tray, printheads 
1	None - given all the great alternatives
1	None - generate all the great alternatives
0	I still think the prices I paid is to high.
0	I stillness think the terms I paid is to high.
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	spokesperson recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	Speaker phone, outside display, coloured display on inside
1	Speaker phone, outside display, colorise display on inside
1	ease of use, quality of photos
1	relaxation of use, quality of photos
0	not enough instructions
0	not enough teaching
1	Good price for 2.3 Megapixels, easy to use, excellent WinXP compatibility.
1	soundly price for 2.tercet Megapixels, easy to use, excellent WinXP compatibility.
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Reliable, comfortable size, earn level-headed, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Excellent quality, low-maintenance, large cartridges, quick print speed, low price 
1	Excellent quality, low-maintenance, large cartridges, quickly print speed, gloomy price 
1	Ultra lightweight and compact, easy to use and awesome clarity.
1	Ultra lightweight and compact, well-fixed to utilisation and awesome clarity.
1	Everything at your fingertips
1	Everything at your fingertip
1	fast, reliable, easy-to-use, easy-to-configure, just works kinda printer
1	fast, reliable, easy-to-use, easy-to-configure, just go kinda printer
1	Battery, Ergonomics
1	shelling, Ergonomics
0	Lousy screen resolution, not easy to transfer pictures
0	Lousy screen resolution, not easy to transfer word-painting
1	cheap.  Works standalone.  Zip hookup is nice.
1	cheap.  process standalone.  Zip hookup is nice.
1	Hey NICE printer
1	Hey gracious printer
0	Understanding how to get best resolution, difference between screen and actual photo
0	Understanding how to get best declaration, difference between screen and factual photo
0	kinda bulky
0	rather bulky
0	engineering
0	technology
1	Separate ink cartridges
1	reprint ink cartridges
0	Ink runs out fast at $12.95 a cartridge, need 4 cartridges each time
0	Ink runs out firm at $12.95 a cartridge, require 4 cartridges each time
0	none so far
0	none so ALIR
0	Not a laser printer, sometimes the software freezes for a while when initialized. 
0	Not a laser printer, sometimes the software freezing for a while when format. 
0	Bigger than the StarTac Digital
0	crowing than the StarTac Digital
0	sometimes dials itself in your pocket
0	sometimes dials itself in your sack
1	GREAT sound, GREAT Display, GREAT battery Life, and it's Tri-Mode.
1	neat sound, GREAT Display, dandy battery Life, and it's Tri-Mode.
1	Simplistic ease of use, Fuji rewards buyer with extras, good picture quality
1	Simplistic still of usage, Fuji rewards buyer with extras, good picture quality
0	Reception, ring volume, key times
0	Reception, ring volume, samara times
0	Heavy. Very very heavy. Huge too.
0	grueling. Very very heavy. Huge too.
1	Durable, lightweight, easy to use
1	Durable, lightweight, easy to employ
0	Keeps breaking.
0	retain breaking.
0	*Small, Hard Buttons
0	*Small, surd Buttons
1	Cheap; doesn't jam
1	brassy; doesn't jam
1	Good Quality, Many Options
1	expert Quality, Many Options
1	Printer is cheap, and pretty dependable
1	Printer is tatty, and pretty dependable
1	easy to aim and fantastic quality images
1	easy to aim and fantastic quality figure
1	none
1	none
0	Not particularly good for printing out 4x6 or other normal photo sized prints.
0	not particularly serious for printing out 4x6 or other normal photo sized prints.
1	Wonderful Interface, elegant and easy to use
1	Wonderful Interface, elegant and easily to use
1	high resolution, zoom, USB connection
1	high resolution, soar, USB connection
1	Easy to Use right out of the box on Auto mode
1	easy to enjoyment right out of the box on Auto mode
0	Phone shuts itself off all the time & power button is hard to operate
0	Phone shuts itself off all the time & king clitoris is hard to operate
1	None
1	none
0	Lousy reception.  Menu is hard to use.  Bad location for Ringer volume control.
0	Lousy reception.  Menu is punishing to utilize.  Bad location for Ringer volume control.
0	Print quality marginal when new,then deteriorates rapidly.
0	Print quality marginal when new,then devolve rapidly.
0	Clunky interface. Address Book management a pain. Volume issues. Persistent buzzing required new phone.
0	Clunky interface. speak Book management a pain. Volume issues. dogged buzzing required new phone.
0	none to date
0	none to appointment
0	only a 4mb memory stick included
0	only a 4mb memory spliff included
0	Multiple Steps Accessing Menu, Menial Web Browsing, Buttons a bit small for the large handed
0	multiple Steps Accessing Menu, Menial Web Browsing, Buttons a morsel minor for the large handed
1	10X optical Zoom Compact Full Featured, Easy to use Good Flash. Great Buy.
1	10X optical Zoom Compact Full Featured, light to use Good loud. Great Buy.
1	Relatively fast for a inkjet printer!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great Price,Refillable Cartridge available.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Relatively tight for a inkjet printer!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great price,Refillable Cartridge available.&amp;#xiii;&amp;#10;
0	loud, slightly annoying install
0	loud, slightly bother install
1	Easy to learn and use, excellent low light photos, a great value.
1	Easy to learn and use, excellent low lightsome photos, a great respect.
0	Slow, bad print quality, jams often
0	dense, bad print quality, jams often
0	No "rapid fire", takes a while to take the next picture, "spur of the moment".
0	No "rapid fervour", yield a while to direct the next picture, "spur of the moment".
1	Fast, quality, full bleed photo output!  Very friendly on the wallet.
1	Fast, quality, full hemorrhage photo output!  identical friendly on the wallet.
0	No speaker phone or web browser
0	No speaker phone or network browser
1	Nice looking, bells and whistles.
1	Nice expect, bells and whistles.
1	Easy use, long zoom lens, great quality pictures
1	Easy employment, long zoom lens, great quality pictures
1	Small, light, sexy
1	Small, clear, sexy
0	Not much of zoom function
0	Not much of zoom use
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	shelling life, lg phone size, flimsy when assailable, too many features
1	Great unit. Individual ink cartridges and nice prints. 
1	keen unit. Individual ink cartridges and nice prints. 
0	It's not color???  Haven't really found a con yet.
0	It's not color???  Haven't really feel a con yet.
1	Good Cell Phone in durable housing. Great speakerphone
1	Good Cell Phone in durable housing. corking speakerphone
1	great resolution, zoom lense, red eye light, sleek design, rechargable batteries w/ charger, overall, a great package!
1	great resolution, zoom lense, cerise eye light, sleek excogitation, rechargable batteries w/ charger, overall, a nifty package!
0	none
0	none
0	A bit challengin to learn to fold up. Could be a two-handed operation.
0	axerophthol mo challengin to learn to fold up. Could be a two-handed operation.
1	Flip phone, bluetooth file transfer, mp3 capable
1	Flip phone, bluetooth register transfer, mp3 capable
1	Fast, easy to install, cheap
1	Fast, well-situated to install, cheap
0	Only lets you one black cartridge at a time.
0	simply lets you one black cartridge at a time.
1	dirt cheap
1	shite cheap
0	expensive, and short battery life
0	expensive, and short battery life-time
1	Very sharp! Excellent zooming, good view panel, easy to use
1	Very sharp! first-class zooming, secure view panel, easy to use
1	Easy, great photos, many features
1	well-heeled, great photos, many features
0	Paper-eating, ink-swilling, spooler destroying annoyances
0	Paper-eating, ink-swilling, spooler ruin annoyances
1	looks cool, nice sound, and great LCD
1	looks aplomb, nice sound, and great LCD
0	Hard to read display
0	firmly to read display
1	Nice Quality, Easy to use
1	courteous Quality, Easy to use
1	Compact
1	wad
0	None
0	none
0	lousy software &amp;amp; Customer Service
0	dirty software &amp;amp; Customer Service
1	great camera,
1	big camera,
0	People (not me) report paper misfeeds.
0	People (not me) report composition misfeeds.
1	Absolutely Outstanding Photo Printing Results.  Easy to Use.
1	Absolutely salient Photo Printing Results.  Easy to Use.
1	Great image quality, 3.34 Megapixels, good color accuracy.
1	Great image quality, 3.34 Megapixels, good tinge accuracy.
1	High resolution at 1440x720, photo ink cartridges, high speed (about 8ppm b/w, 2 to 4 ppm color, 1ppm or less with photo quality), low price in comparison to comparable models, separate ink tanks (when red is dry but not blue or yellow, replace the red onl
1	High resolution at 1440x720, photo ink cartridges, high quicken (about 8ppm b/W, 2 to four ppm color, 1ppm or less with exposure quality), down price in comparison to comparable models, discriminate ink tanks (when Red is dry but not downhearted or yellow, replace the blood-red onl
0	Manual doesn't give needed info on using the MP3 player.
0	Manual doesn't impart demand info on using the MP3 player.
1	Gorgeous images, loaded with features, cheap floppy disk storage, and no cables or downloads necessary!
1	Gorgeous images, dilute with features, cheap floppy disk reposition, and no cables or downloads requirement!
1	Web, reception, durability, battery, address book, calendar, GUI, ringer switch
1	Web, reception, durability, battery, direct book, calendar, GUI, ringer permutation
1	Good reception. Good battery life . Nice design.
1	adept reception. Good battery life . Nice design.
1	Awesome design, solid construction, usb cradle
1	Awesome design, hearty construction, usb cradle
0	The whole phone!
0	The entirely phone!
1	Photo quality, ease of use, USB &amp; lens cap leash
1	Photo timber, ease of consumption, USB &amp; lens cap leash
1	Small Size, Does Stills and Movies w/ sound, lots of menu options&amp;#9;
1	Small Size, Does Stills and Movies w/ heavy, batch of menu options&amp;#9;
1	ergonomics, image quality
1	ergonomics, epitome quality
1	Fast, good quality, and affordable.
1	Fast, proficient quality, and affordable.
0	Paper became aligned slightly incorrectly often, sometimes smeared/
0	Paper became aligned slightly incorrectly often, sometimes asperse/
0	Heavy, battery life.
0	big, battery life.
1	decent photos
1	decorous photos
0	EXPENSIVE CARTRIDGES, NO HP 800 NUMBER
0	EXPENSIVE CARTRIDGES, NO HP 800 routine
0	None So Far!
0	none So Far!
0	Keypad
0	keypad
1	Hi resolution, quick, feature packed, video, value, different storage mediums useable, ease of use
1	Hi firmness, ready, feature packed, video, value, different storage mediums useable, ease of use
1	Easy to Use, High quality shots, great zoom
1	Easy to Use, High quality shots, great soar
0	Slightly Expensive, USB not compatible with Win95, Memory Sticks are expensive for extras
0	Slightly Expensive, USB not compatible with Win95, retention get are expensive for extras
0	None, so light and thin, you may lose it.
0	None, so luminousness and thin, you may lose it.
0	Horrible battery life, bad reception, earpiece volume horrible, can't move while talking
0	horrifying battery life, high-risk reception, earpiece volume horrible, can't move while talking
0	Slow printing, not quite photo-quality, color/black cartridges must be switched and stored.
0	decelerate printing, not quite photo-quality, gloss/black cartridges must be switched and stored.
0	Flimsy, uncomfortable, small basket, wheels lock up
0	Flimsy, uncomfortable, small basketful, wheels lock up
0	Output tray is flimsy, does eat ink when doing high quality prints
0	Output tray is unconvincing, does eat ink when doing high choice prints
1	good phone for a newbie to cell phones, easy to figure out.
1	good phone for a newbie to cell phones, leisurely to project out.
0	Call time does not automatically display
0	Call clip does not automatically display
1	size, durable
1	size, indestructible
0	No carry case, and the need to buy a lens attachment before using extras.
0	No carry case, and the need to bargain a lens adhesion before using extras.
1	ease of use, picture clarity, price
1	ease of apply, picture clarity, price
0	Shutter lag can be a bit slow some times. 
0	Shutter lag can be a bit tedious some times. 
0	Doesn't save settings in auto mode, eats alkalines, camera strap anchor in bad location.
0	Doesn't salvage settings in auto mode, eats alkalines, camera whip anchor in bad location.
1	midi rings, color display, bright screen
1	midi rings, color display, brilliantly screen
0	Cannon software not that great. Needs ink indicator as part of program. 
0	Cannon software not that great. Needs ink indicator as partly of programme. 
0	Tendency to get slightly scratched
0	Tendency to acquire slightly scratched
0	No more excuses for not running
0	No more excuses for not persist
0	None
0	none
0	Battery EATER, USB problems, no ac adapter, Manual on CD
0	bombardment EATER, USB problems, no ac adapter, Manual on candela
0	Cost, bulk, shallow basket, low canopies
0	Cost, bulk, shallow basket, lowly canopies
1	Great output, archival quality, affordable, quiet &amp; fast operation
1	heavy output, archival quality, affordable, quiet &amp; fast operation
1	small, lightweight, cool
1	little, lightweight, cool
1	low price for digital
1	low damage for digital
1	FAST PRINTING - GREAT PRICE
1	immobile PRINTING - GREAT PRICE
0	None
0	none
0	batteries don't last too long
0	batteries don't last too foresightful
0	Instructions are sometimes vague.
0	instruction are sometimes vague.
1	It produces descent pictures.
1	It raise descent pictures.
1	256 Colors screen, Triband, GPRS, WAP, Bluetooth, Infrared connectivity, MMS, SMS
1	256 discolour screen, Triband, GPRS, WAP, Bluetooth, Infrared connectivity, MMS, samarium
0	Weak signal - dropped calls and inconsistent connections
0	Weak signal - dropped visit and inconsistent connections
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	dumbfound reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive invention
1	Quality photos, great feature set, great P&amp;S results, solid feel.
1	Quality photos, great feature mark, great P&amp;S results, solid sense.
1	Built to last, great reception
1	Built to last, great receipt
0	Not recommended for close-up shots.
0	Not commend for close-up shots.
1	Two-way, paging and cellular all in one.
1	Two-way, paging and cellular all in i.
1	Ease of use, lightweight, great pictures, Ability to take pictures fast.
1	Ease of use, lightweight, great pictures, Ability to bring icon fast.
1	Nice size, clear screen.
1	Nice size, enlighten screen.
1	Camera + Phone!
1	Camera + sound!
1	Easy to use, Great image quality, Battery lasts a long time, 
1	easygoing to use, Great effigy quality, Battery lasts a long time, 
1	Outstanding clarity of printing, ease of use is superb, you can't do better
1	Outstanding lucidity of printing, ease of use is superb, you can't do advantageously
0	Difficult to setup, short battery life, unreliable in electronic hardware
0	Difficult to setup, unawares barrage life, unreliable in electronic hardware
1	Durable; withstands "wear and tear." Lets you go online!!
1	Durable; withstand "wear and tear." Lets you go online!!
1	Inexpensive printer from a great company
1	Inexpensive printer from a dandy company
0	None
0	none
1	small,sturdy, light
1	small,sturdy, scant
0	Poor image quality
0	inadequate image quality
1	Excellent print quality, good price
1	Excellent print quality, serious price
0	none
0	none
0	Big, Heavy, Screen Isn't Color.
0	Big, Heavy, Screen Isn't tinge.
1	Small, modern looking, loaded with extras but still low in price.
1	Small, modern wait, crocked with extras but still low in price.
1	good cheap stroller
1	ripe cheap stroller
0	Folding it can take some getting used to
0	Folding it can take some become used to
0	Calls get cut off, annoying "cannot place call" notice frequently
0	Calls get shortened off, pestering "cannot place call" notice frequently
0	LCD/Electronic viewfinder is hard to see under certain lighting conditions.
0	LCD/Electronic viewfinder is hard to date under certain lighting stipulation.
0	No viewfinder. 3 second shutter delay. , Size of a SLR.
0	No viewfinder. troika second shutter delay. , sizing of a SLR.
0	Lasted 11 months before started eating all paper.
0	Lasted 11 months before started eat all paper.
1	Very small, simple to use menu and almost never have to use stylus
1	Very pocket-size, simple to use menu and almost never have to habit stylus
1	Tiny, Light = Wearable
1	Tiny, Light = habiliment
1	Excellent black text output
1	Excellent blacken text output
1	light weight, easy to use
1	faint weight, easy to use
1	Small, light weight design and a colorful display.
1	Small, light weight pattern and a colorful display.
0	Side buttons pressed, switches to speaker, bad camera, quality, size limits, etc etc etc
0	Side buttons pressed, alternate to speaker, bad camera, calibre, size limits, etc etc etc
0	Not wap fuction
0	non wap fuction
1	MP3 ringtones.  Java games.  Flashy lights.
1	MP3 ringtones.  Java games.  garish lights.
1	good ergo design, Mobile Web 2.0, many A/V features, easy to use voice dialing
1	proficient ergo design, Mobile Web 2.0, many A/V features, easy to utilise vox dialing
1	Small
1	little
0	Low resolution
0	Low closure
0	weak signal, slow response, awful screen resolution, not a comm. tool. more of a show-off!!!!
0	weak signal, slow response, frightful test solvent, not a comm. tool. more of a show-off!!!!
0	Volume even all the way up SUCKS!
0	Volume still all the way up SUCKS!
0	Plastic battery hatch breaks; Features difficult to navigate; only 2 aperture settings; 
0	Plastic battery hatching bump; Features difficult to navigate; only 2 aperture settings; 
1	Great picture quality
1	Great render quality
0	Eats batteries like they're goin' out of style., Takes lousy pictures., 
0	deplete batteries like they're goin' out of style., Takes lousy visualize., 
0	Combo keypad/action button horrible, few useful features
0	Combo keypad/action button horrible, few useful sport
0	Sizeable, Heavy
0	goodish, Heavy
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	Nothing
0	nil
0	bad reception w/some plans in some areas
0	uncollectible reception w/some plans in some areas
0	Laser Cartidge is tricky to put it
0	Laser Cartidge is tricky to cast it
0	Optional lenses in the way of view finder.
0	Optional lenses in the way of catch finder.
1	Fast, cheap, great quality, Mac/PC compatible, USB, Easy to use, nice design
1	Fast, tacky, great quality, Mac/PC compatible, USB, Easy to purpose, nice design
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
0	Finicky dialing (vox/redial/bluetooth) that could chair to very embarassing moments, no post to VM.
0	Needs the right batteries !!!!!!
0	Needs the good batteries !!!!!!
0	No pictures for the family albums. Still need a traditional camera with film!
0	No pictures for the class albums. tranquillise need a traditional camera with film!
1	Low cost, ease of software use, compact
1	abject cost, ease of software use, compact
0	it is a little bit noisy, but not too bad.
0	it is a little minute noisy, but not too speculative.
1	VERY easy to use. Just enough features. Good for a first cell phone.
1	VERY easy to utilization. barely enough features. Good for a first cell phone.
1	Good quality prints. 6 separate ink tanks saves ink costs.
1	beneficial quality prints. 6 fork ink tanks saves ink costs.
0	Cheap shell, poor battery life with flash, weak software
0	Cheap shell, poor battery life with dash, weak software
1	...Great Combinations of Features; Small, yet Functional Package...
1	...Great combination of Features; Small, yet Functional Package...
0	None
0	none
1	Reliable, good output quality, acceptable speed
1	Reliable, skilful output quality, acceptable speed
1	Great consolidation, fantastic features, MP3 player, SD card, very good phone, excellent beltclip, web access.
1	Great consolidation, grotesque features, MP3 player, SD tease, very estimable phone, excellent beltclip, web access.
0	It is expensive if you aren't going to be using it a lot.
0	It is expensive if you aren't perish to be using it a distribute.
1	Reasonable price / great quality / nice features!
1	Reasonable price / gravid quality / nice features!
1	I can't think of any.
1	single can't think of any.
0	horrible battery life, features, functionality, range, clarity and it's not user friendly
0	horrible battery lifetime, features, functionality, straddle, clarity and it's not user friendly
1	Cute camera, great color representation
1	Cute camera, great color theatrical
0	Takes up too much space, fast ink use
0	Takes up too much space, fast ink manipulation
0	Takes a long time to boot up or make a call, unimpressive signal reception
0	Takes a long time to boot up or do a shout, unimpressive signal reception
0	Very Very Very difficult and annoying to use.
0	Very Very Very difficult and irritation to use.
0	Slow shutter speed, bad low light conditions.
0	Slow shutter accelerate, bad low light conditions.
0	High cost of replacement ink cartridges; doesn't hold enough paper in the tray
0	High toll of replacement ink cartridges; doesn't bind enough paper in the tray
1	fairly small in size
1	fairly pocket-sized in size
1	small size
1	small sizing
0	picture quality, no USB interface
0	pic quality, no USB interface
0	belt clip is  bulky,leather case is junk with the plastic window over key pad
0	belt clip is  bulky,leather subject is junk with the plastic windowpane over Key pad
1	Not many.It to be good scanner
1	Not many.It to be honest scanner
1	Price, quiet, fast
1	Price, quiet, firm
1	use floppy disks
1	function floppy disks
1	Compact, easy to use digital takes terrific photos
1	Compact, easy to use digital demand terrific photos
1	Picture quality amazing! 
1	render quality amazing! 
0	weight, form factor, backlight
0	weight, form element, backlight
0	Doesn't charge well and drains battery fast!
0	Doesn't burden well and drains battery fast!
1	A Prepaid Phone that Works in Rural Areas! Solid Made for an Inexpensive Cell Phone
1	A Prepaid Phone that lick in Rural field! Solid Made for an Inexpensive Cell telephone
0	Signal strength, but can be attributable to T-mobile, not the phone, will never know.
0	Signal speciality, but can be attributable to T-mobile, not the phone, will never screw.
1	Compact size and weight, good reception, stylish looks.
1	pack size and weight, good reception, stylish looks.
1	inexpensive, lightweight, small and fairly convient
1	inexpensive, lightweight, small and jolly convient
0	Kind of boring
0	Kind of bore
0	It didn't work very long!
0	It didn't make very long!
0	Everything else
0	Everything else
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of utilization...
1	light, compact, bright display, cheap
1	light, thick, bright display, cheap
0	keys and display, battery life, menu learning curve, can be pricey.
0	keys and display, battery life, menu learning arch, can be costly.
1	Easy to use. Digital picture window.
1	Easy to enjoyment. Digital picture window.
0	Not good to look at
0	Not honest to look at
0	No view finder
0	No scene finder
0	big and bulky
0	magnanimous and bulky
1	Smallish Size, Great Spec, Cheap
1	Smallish Size, corking Spec, Cheap
1	easy to fold, sturdy, cup holders and carrier
1	well-heeled to fold, sturdy, cup holders and carrier
1	Convenient storage medium (floppy disk)
1	Convenient entrepot medium (floppy disk)
0	slow photo processing
0	tedious photo processing
0	Perfection demands a high price.
0	Perfection involve a high price.
1	The Qualcomm QCP-2760 is a very lightweight, sleek and user friendly phone.
1	The Qualcomm QCP-2760 is a very lightweight, flowing and user friendly headphone.
0	not as clear as other cameras 
0	not as net as other cameras 
0	Optical viewfinder not so good, price
0	visual viewfinder not so good, price
0	Only in bright sun light. No display, no review. Crap software &amp; BAD support.
0	Only in bright sunbathe light. No display, no review. Crap software &amp; tough support.
1	rugged, small, looks cool, changeable faceplates
1	rugged, small, looks cool, unsettled faceplates
0	Some awkward menus, shorter battery life than expected.
0	Some awkward menus, unforesightful battery life than expected.
1	Excellent Quality No Matter What Pixel Setting!
1	Excellent Quality No Matter What Pixel typeset!
1	Thin, Lightweight, and Looks Sleek.
1	lean, Lightweight, and Looks Sleek.
1	monitor, features, lens
1	monitor, features, lense
1	Compact, Durable, Cool Green Color, Rubber Buttons, Easy to Read
1	Compact, Durable, Cool Green Color, rubber Buttons, Easy to show
0	no adapter or case
0	no adapter or vitrine
0	Wimpy battery, needs  larger storage
0	Wimpy battery, necessitate  larger storage
0	Battery Life, No flash
0	Battery Life, No dart
0	s-l-o-w scanning
0	s-l-o-w read
1	Slick, Stylish, Features, Keypad cover
1	Slick, Stylish, Features, Keypad enshroud
0	SIZE, SHAPE, &amp; VOLUME
0	SIZE, influence, &amp; VOLUME
0	Not so good color quality compared to equally priced Canons etc. and EXPENSIVE ink cartridges.
0	Not so effective color lineament compared to equally priced Canons etc. and expensive ink cartridges.
0	Battery dies quickly
0	battery dies quickly
0	Hard to get at, storage basket.
0	Hard to sire at, storage basket.
0	Too much autofocus, no exposure settings
0	Too much autofocus, no exposure context
0	Heavy,  Basket inaccessible, Probably was not the best choice for our needs
0	Heavy,  Basket inaccessible, Probably was not the sound quality for our needs
0	carry a brick around on your belt, then you'll know
0	carry a brick around on your rap, then you'll screw
0	a bit slow and noisy
0	a scrap slow and noisy
1	ease of use 
1	ease of enjoyment 
0	Comes with a small memory card, need more memory
0	Comes with a small memory card, motivation more memory
1	picture quality, low light capable, compact size, value
1	picture quality, downcast light capable, compact size, value
0	Users' Manual, limited flash range
0	Users' Manual, limited winkle range
1	compact, priced right, excellent print quality and quantity, coper
1	compact, priced right, excellent print tone and quantity, coper
1	view finder, download to a computer,
1	view finder, download to a calculator,
1	Nice print, easy setup, good ink amount status
1	Nice print, wanton setup, good ink amount status
0	No USB
0	no USB
1	Price, reliability, support, ease of use and maintenance
1	terms, reliability, support, ease of use and maintenance
0	Lens cap not attached.
0	Lens cap not seize.
0	ink is a little expensive unless you shop around
0	ink is a little expensive unless you shop about
1	A medium priced printer with  high priced features.
1	angstrom medium priced printer with  high priced features.
1	Feature Set, Macro, Zoom, AA batteries
1	Feature coiffe, Macro, Zoom, AA batteries
0	SLOW
0	tiresome
1	3-6 Refills For Only $38.00!!
1	3-6 Refills For but $38.00!!
0	It's ugly and will slowly make you def.
0	It's ugly and will slowly stimulate you def.
1	A tough little printer that will outlive its cartridges again and again!
1	A hoodlum little printer that will outlast its cartridges again and again!
0	cartridges are still expensive (shop around)
0	cartridges are placid expensive (shop around)
1	Great reception.  Easy to use features.  Great size.
1	Great reception.  Easy to use lineament.  Great size.
1	Outstanding Pictures, easy to use.
1	Outstanding word-painting, easy to use.
1	When you use it to print on Matte papers, the prints are stunning
1	When you habit it to print on Matte theme, the prints are stunning
1	None that compel me to write about
1	None that compel me to publish about
1	Film-quality images, fast recovery time between shots
1	Film-quality images, fast recovery clip between shots
0	Low battery life!
0	downhearted battery life!
0	none
0	none
1	Cool factor, versatile, only one device to carry
1	poise factor, versatile, only one device to carry
0	lack of accessories
0	lack of add-on
0	No zoom feature
0	No zoom lineament
1	Beautiful print quality at first
1	Beautiful print quality at offset
1	Great Pictures, awesome color and very versatile
1	Great Pictures, awesome semblance and very versatile
1	Great features, easy to use
1	swell features, easy to use
1	vivid screen (when working), loud ringtones, sleek design
1	vivid screen (when working), loud ringtones, flowing design
0	Large pictures take up more room on the smart card
0	Large pictures conduct up more room on the sassy card
1	Beautiful appearance,convenience of short message, light weight,desirable rings and not expensive price
1	Beautiful appearing,convenience of short message, ignitor weight,desirable rings and not expensive price
1	It's an HP! Works well, great output!
1	It's an HP! ferment well, great output!
1	Great reception, camera is easy to use, very reliable
1	Great reception, camera is promiscuous to use, very reliable
1	Excellent Print time for both color and B&amp;W's,Great photos too! Two sided printing feature
1	Excellent Print time for both colouration and B&amp;W's,enceinte photos too! II sided printing feature
1	Lightweight &amp;amp; Easy to Close
1	Lightweight &A;amp; Easy to Close
1	Cheap, cute, nokia-like look
1	meretricious, cute, nokia-like look
1	Print Speed, Software, Print Quality,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price, Individual Ink Tanks. 
1	Print accelerate, Software, Print lineament,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price, Individual Ink Tanks. 
0	Zoom/Wide-angle, delayed shutter, battery life
0	Zoom/Wide-angle, delay shutter, battery life
1	Very affordable with high image quality and features.
1	Very affordable with high icon quality and features.
0	Build quality, dismal web access
0	Build quality, dismal web admittance
0	Poor reception, Bad menu design, Slow keypad response
0	Poor reception, Bad menu design, tardily keypad response
0	No Color Screen, Big.
0	No tinge Screen, Big.
1	1-High Res camera at a great price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;2-Great Kodak support in education and quality
1	1-High Res camera at a great price&amp;#xiii;&ampere;#10;2-Great Kodak patronise in education and quality
0	Hard on batteries
0	punishing on batteries
1	Picture Quality, speed of printing, card slots for compact flash and smart media cards.  
1	image Quality, speed of printing, card slots for compact twinkle and smart media cards.  
1	compact size &amp; settings galore
1	heavyset size &amp; settings galore
0	too easy to operate
0	too easy to work
0	Poor battery life, horrible address book, appalling keyboard feel.
0	Poor battery lifetime, horrible address book, appalling keyboard feel.
0	I have no use for the infrared port
0	iodin have no use for the infrared port
1	Good-quality picture, easy to use, red-eye reduction and other great options, &amp;amp; affordable price.  
1	Good-quality characterization, leisurely to use, red-eye reduction and other great options, &AMP;amp; affordable price.  
0	Pictures not the best.
0	Pictures not the better.
0	none
0	none
1	size, design, functions, compatibility
1	size, figure, functions, compatibility
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
1	Tri-band, bluetooth, color screen, great battery life.
1	Tri-band, bluetooth, color screen, majuscule battery life.
0	No View Finder, Low Battery Life
0	No position Finder, Low Battery Life
0	not compatible with mainstream nokia accessories
0	not compatible with mainstream nokia add-on
1	Fast Printing, inexpensive
1	loyal Printing, inexpensive
0	Few Accessories.
0	Few add-on.
0	TOO MANY GLITCHES IN THE PHONE DOESN'T FUNCTION PROPERLY, small keys, non-color display
0	TOO MANY GLITCHES IN THE PHONE DOESN'T officiate PROPERLY, humble keys, non-color display
0	Battery life.
0	shelling life.
1	Clear pictures, easy to use
1	acquit pictures, easy to use
1	quiet, faster, great photo on photo paper
1	quiet, faster, corking photo on photo paper
0	sucks power, flash not to good
0	sucks power, flashing not to good
1	Great reception, many features, color screen, camera, voice dialing
1	Great reception, many boast, color screen, camera, voice dialing
0	Eats batteries, but one can easily determine ways to save on energy drain.
0	Eats batteries, but one can easily determine ways to spare on muscularity drain.
0	Haven't found any yet
0	Haven't find any yet
0	not many accessories
0	not many accessary
1	Small size.
1	small size.
1	Small and affordable
1	Small and low-priced
1	2.1 Mexapixel resolution, 1.8" LCD, 2.5x digital zoom
1	2.unity Mexapixel resolution, 1.8" LCD, ii.5x digital zoom
0	Lack of self-timer.
0	lack of self-timer.
0	Poor reception, drops calls, gets hot, scratches very easily, not durable
0	miserable reception, drops calls, gets hot, excoriation very easily, not durable
1	Small, feels good in hand, great picture quality, custom controllable shutter speed and aperture
1	Small, feels well in hand, great fancy quality, custom controllable shutter speed and aperture
1	awesome picture quality, 6x optical zoom, video mode, manual controls
1	awesome picture quality, 6x optical whizz, video mode, manual ascendancy
0	NONE
0	none
1	Stylish, ultra Compact, 3X zoom, 3 Megapixels , 
1	Stylish, ultra compact, 3X zoom, 3 Megapixels , 
0	none that I have noticed thus far.
0	none that I have note thus far.
1	It has a color lcd,great extras like airplane mode and organizer.
1	It has a distort lcd,nifty extras like airplane mode and organizer.
1	Cheap, good enough, QT movie capable, good flash, easy to use, good transfer speed
1	Cheap, effective enough, QT movie capable, ripe flash, easy to use, good transfer speed
0	Poor quality "copies"; streaking on photos; A4 reduction issues
0	Poor quality "copies"; streaking on picture; A4 reduction issues
1	small, and CUTE
1	belittled, and CUTE
1	Tiny, decent photos, easy to use.
1	Tiny, decent photos, easy to exercise.
0	Have to have computer on to copy. 
0	Have to have reckoner on to copy. 
0	Can't replace faceplate on your own or you void warranty; must pay Nokia $35
0	Can't replace faceplate on your own or you annul warranty; must pay Nokia $thirty-five
0	Just plain doesn't work.
0	Just manifestly doesn't work.
0	not the best reception, not the brightest colour screen.
0	not the best reception, not the brightest semblance screen.
1	Web-ready, connects to e-mail, lightweight, earphone jack, voice-activated dialing.
1	Web-ready, associate to e-mail, lightweight, earphone jack, voice-activated dialing.
0	Lack of USB and others
0	want of USB and others
0	A slightly bulky, pull out antenna, doesn't come with games.
0	A slightly bulky, displume out antenna, doesn't seed with games.
0	Horrible paper feed
0	Horrible paper tip
1	Great Pictures
1	Great see
0	Ink is a little expensive , Had to download software to run with XP
0	Ink is a piddling expensive , hold to download software to run with XP
1	takes abuse, easy to use
1	takes shout, easy to use
1	value
1	evaluate
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
0	Can't consumption it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, frail external screen
1	none
1	none
0	Product useless, warranty is a joke!
0	Product useless, guarantee is a joke!
1	Takes good pictures, and plenty of them before downloading.
1	Takes good show, and plenty of them before downloading.
0	Small zoom
0	little zoom
0	Poorly built, not actually made by Compaq.
0	Poorly built, not actually name by Compaq.
0	Shutter lag 
0	Shutter incarcerate 
0	poor signals (frequently) prevent calls
0	misfortunate signals (frequently) prevent calls
1	ease of use
1	ease of consumption
1	Small, tough, very good quality pictures
1	Small, tough, very good quality photo
1	USB download, many great features, easy to operate, fun
1	USB download, many great features, well-situated to operate, fun
1	unique, easy to carry
1	unique, easy to extend
1	stand-by time increased, better text messaging, on-the-fly PTT groups, & size.
1	stand-by time increased, near text messaging, on-the-fly PTT aggroup, & size.
0	Price. But hey, it's great technology.
0	Price. simply hey, it's great technology.
0	phone to battery attachment not secure
0	phone to battery adhesion not secure
1	easy to use, compact, good for beginner user, uses AA batteries
1	easy to apply, compact, near for beginner user, uses AA batteries
1	Price, picture, look, everything!
1	Price, picture, tone, everything!
0	Wimpy ring; Size may be a problem for those with visual impairments or large hands
0	Wimpy peal; Size may be a trouble for those with visual deterioration or large hands
1	size, good reception
1	size, well reception
1	Simple software, inexpensive, great color rendering
1	Simple software, inexpensive, great coloring rendering
1	Long battery life
1	Long barrage life
1	great features, great battery life, great size
1	great features, neat battery life, great size
0	Rechargable batteries almost a must; sometimes shifts to video mode unintentionally (due to dial placement)
0	Rechargable batteries well-nigh a must; sometimes budge to video mode unintentionally (due to dial position)
1	Cost, resolution
1	Cost, firmness
1	none
1	none
1	Incredible value, black text print quality.
1	Incredible value, disastrous text print quality.
1	Great call quality&#13;&#10;Nice form factor&#13;&#10;Voice dialing works great
1	Great call quality&#13;&#10;Nice form factor&#13;&#10;articulation dialing function great
0	Slightly slow menu navigation, times out on you to quick.
0	Slightly wearisome menu seafaring, times out on you to quick.
0	top feeder
0	top tributary
1	Easy to use. Compact to carry. Computer Software is simple to use.
1	Easy to use. Compact to carry. estimator Software is bare to use.
0	Can't customize cover; bottom buttons difficult to reach; earpiece did't fit my ear
0	Can't customize cover; bottom buttons difficult to touch; earpiece did't match my ear
1	price, excellent quality, 2 cartridges (one color, one black), ability to print directly from digital camera storage media, you can copy data from a memory card in the printer to your computer
1	price, excellent quality, ii cartridges (one colorize, ace melanize), ability to print directly from digital camera memory media, you can imitate data from a memory card in the printer to your computer
1	battery life, image quality, durability, functional, easy to use.
1	battery life, image quality, durability, functional, gentle to use.
0	Mine has been dropping calls, must do hard reset. Phone works best if fully charged.
0	Mine has been flatten calls, must do heavily reset. Phone works just if fully charged.
1	easy to use
1	comfortable to use
1	Great photo quality, average text quality.
1	Great photo quality, average text prize.
0	The size is a little bulky, doesnt come with a USB cable.
0	The size is a piddling bulky, doesnt fall with a USB cable.
1	Long battery life, Small,  Clear Sound.&#13;&#10;Switches from digital to analog automatically
1	prospicient battery life, Small,  Clear vocalise.&#13;&#10;Switches from digital to analog automatically
1	Easy to use, many settings
1	slowly to use, many settings
1	Nice user's manual and well done set-up directions
1	Nice user's manual and well serve set-up directions
1	Small, light, solid construction
1	Small, light, solid expression
1	Excellent photos! Plus an easy to use camera!
1	Excellent photos! Plus an wanton to use camera!
1	Fun, huge and bright screen, flexible use of memory, infrared port, clarity
1	Fun, huge and bright shield, flexible utilize of memory, infrared port, clarity
0	None that I have found
0	None that I have ascertain
1	handy, practical, the games are neat.
1	handy, practical, the game are neat.
0	Software difficult to install and does not work well with XP
0	Software difficult to install and does not mold fountainhead with XP
0	High battery drain, Distracting flash indicator
0	richly battery drain, Distracting flash indicator
1	Roomy, nice high handles, 5 point harness, BIG canopy
1	Roomy, nice high handles, 5 point harness, giving canopy
1	Voice Activated Dialing, Speakerphone, Great Interface Qualities, Longest Battery Life to Date
1	Voice actuate Dialing, Speakerphone, heavy Interface Qualities, Longest Battery Life to Date
0	Battery life is poor, power pack connector is weak.
0	Battery spirit is poor, power pack connector is weak.
1	Digitally speaking: Very good quality camera.
1	Digitally speaking: Very just quality camera.
0	No sound for movies.
0	No sound for flick.
0	A confusing menu system and an antenna that is pretty flimsy
0	angstrom confound menu system and an antenna that is pretty flimsy
0	Easy to atomize when thrown into high-speed traffic.
0	comfortable to atomize when thrown into high-speed traffic.
1	thin, goodlooking
1	slight, goodlooking
1	Fast zoom, autofocus, progress indicator on-screen.
1	quick zoom, autofocus, progress indicator on-screen.
0	Batteries run out very quickly! Use rechargables!
0	Batteries footrace out very quickly! Use rechargables!
1	Phone, PDA, Camera, Internet Access - all in one device.
1	Phone, PDA, Camera, Internet Access - all in I device.
1	Light, long battery life
1	Light, long battery animation
1	has all the goodies!
1	has all the treat!
1	Light weight, durable casing, easy to use and most of all reception
1	clear weight, durable casing, easy to exercise and most of all reception
0	Too small, it is hard to push a button it is so small
0	Too small, it is backbreaking to push a button it is so lowly
0	Buggy manfacture provided software required to print. Poor paper loading tray design. Jams easily.
0	Buggy manfacture provided software needed to print. misfortunate paper loading tray design. Jams easily.
0	haven't found any
0	haven't encounter any
0	CAMERA IS LARGE,MUST BUY CARRYING CASE[NOT INCLUDED],
0	CAMERA IS LARGE,MUST BUY sway CASE[NOT INCLUDED],
1	Very small, sturdy, and feature filled
1	Very small, sturdy, and characteristic filled
0	Flimsy antenna, small buttons, not too many accessories yet
0	Flimsy antenna, small-scale buttons, not too many accessories yet
0	On the heavy side. undercarriage basket too small.
0	on the heavy side. undercarriage basket too small.
0	I haven't found any yet except shutter lag.
0	I haven't recover any yet except shutter lag.
1	Everything you need is in this phone ! Good battery life, lot of wonderful tools.
1	Everything you need is in this phone ! Good battery life, wad of tremendous tools.
1	Compact, Lightweight, Quality Printing
1	Compact, Lightweight, character Printing
1	Easy to handle, good quality with enough light, webcam too.
1	light to handle, good character with enough light, webcam too.
1	Attractive
1	attractive
0	Uses a lot of ink
0	Uses a set of ink
0	Horrible Picture Quality, Memory Stick, Poor Macro Capability...
0	horrifying Picture Quality, Memory Stick, Poor Macro Capability...
0	really compact, tiny dial pad, only 8 voice dialing memories, price
0	really pack, tiny dial pad, only 8 voice dialing store, price
0	Slow for action shots, no optical viewfinder,poor pic quality at night
0	irksome for action snapshot, no optical viewfinder,poor pic quality at night
1	stuff
1	overindulge
1	Good Quality
1	Good lineament
1	size, weight, simplicity
1	size, weight, ease
1	Easy to Use, Sharp photos, good interface
1	Easy to function, Sharp photos, good interface
0	not available in some areas
0	not available in some expanse
1	Great Product, Support
1	Great Product, documentation
0	Game is not enough and there are all old games.
0	Game is not adequate and there are all old back.
1	Thin,light,great features
1	thin,light,great features
1	Excellent color and B&amp;W 8" X 10" prints
1	Excellent colour and B&amp;W VIII" X 10" prints
0	Too basic, Movie Mode too small
0	Too basic, Movie Mode too humble
1	Aftermarket ink available at great prices...Great range of print quality
1	Aftermarket ink available at swell prices...Great range of print select
1	Cheap among 8000 series
1	inexpensive among 8000 series
1	Compact size, lightweight, very much great possibilities, easy to use, familiar menu, good battery life
1	Compact size, lightweight, very much large possibilities, prosperous to use, familiar menu, good battery life-time
1	Excellent reception
1	Excellent response
0	Few USABLE extras, boxy/bulky, few SMART/multimedia features
0	Few USABLE extras, boxy/bulky, few SMART/multimedia boast
0	bigger and less cool than other phones
0	bigger and LE cool than other phones
0	Pricey, power hungry
0	Pricey, might hungry
1	Small, color, battery power
1	Small, color, battery king
0	A bit bulky, scanner is only 8.5 X 11 in., no auto-on feature
0	A scrap bulky, scanner is only 8.5 x 11 in., no auto-on feature
1	Slim body, great collection of features
1	Slim trunk, great collection of features
1	Speed, Resolution
1	Speed, firmness
1	I'm still looking for one
1	I'm still attend for one
0	no optical zoom, no carrying case, software included is not the best
0	no optical zoom, no channel lawsuit, software included is not the best
0	Nothing I can think of
0	Nothing I can conceive of
1	Small size, comfortable feel, "cool" design, easy-to-use interface.
1	Small size, comfortable feel, "cool" figure, easy-to-use interface.
0	Photo quality limited to higher end papers
0	Photo lineament limited to higher end papers
0	5 mnths old and manufacter will not honor 1 yr warrenty.
0	5 mnths erstwhile and manufacter will not laurels 1 yr warrenty.
0	A little noisy
0	A footling noisy
0	Menus unintuitive, button not layed out great, amber screen is bright but lame
0	Menus unintuitive, button not layed out great, amber covert is bright but cripple
1	Solid serious phone for grownups.  Rugged and reliable.  Great battery life.
1	self-colored serious phone for grownups.  Rugged and reliable.  dandy battery life.
1	Reliable, Good quality
1	Reliable, beneficial quality
1	good stroller for indoors, 2 lightweight children, no lifting of one child in and out
1	full stroller for indoors, 2 lightweight children, no revoke of one youngster in and out
0	Unreliable.
0	treacherous.
1	Good sound, including speakerphone, long battery life
1	Good sound, including speakerphone, long battery aliveness
0	mediocre sound, reception, quality.
0	mediocre vocalize, reception, quality.
1	Very tiny, amazing call quality
1	Very tiny, dumbfound call quality
1	Battery life, voice dialing, stores lots of numbers
1	Battery life, voice dialing, stores mickle of numbers
1	cool shape, radio, different face plates, multiple ring tones
1	cool shape, radio, different face plates, multiple ring note
0	Flimsy antenna
0	Flimsy aerial
0	none
0	none
0	unstable software.
0	unsound software.
1	Picture Quality, Ease of Use, Takes Great Movies, Has SLR settings, Long Lasting Lithium Battery, (Charger Included) Good LCD display, Has Microphone and Speaker, Great Replay Feature, USB connection included, and MORE!!!
1	Picture Quality, rest of role, Takes Great Movies, Has SLR settings, tenacious Lasting Lithium Battery, (Charger Included) near LCD display, induce Microphone and Speaker, Great Replay Feature, USB association included, and MORE!!!
0	As of 2003, showing its age. No data or color abilities.
0	As of 2003, evidence its age. No data or colourize abilities.
1	Affordable &amp; Easy to use.  I still recommend two years later.
1	Affordable &amp; Easy to use.  I smooth recommend two years subsequently.
0	Complex.  Could be simplified.&#13;&#10;Would have paid more for some amenities.
0	Complex.  Could be simplified.&#XIII;&#10;Would have nonrecreational more for some amenities.
1	Nice slick camera.  Novelty to anyone who sees it.  Lots of neat features.
1	Nice dodgy camera.  trinket to anyone who sees it.  Lots of neat features.
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is faint,
0	ink eater
0	ink feeder
0	not too many options, very little zoom
0	not too many option, very little zoom
0	Color, NO Direct Connect
0	Color, NO channelize Connect
1	Light stylish and easy to use.
1	Light stylish and promiscuous to use.
1	small, sleek design; long battery life; excellent reception; loads of goodies
1	small, sleek design; long battery life; fantabulous reception; slews of goodies
0	A little big
0	A picayune big
1	great for photos,quiet
1	gravid for photos,quiet
1	Good Pix, Video with Audio, Output to TV, Web-cam, File copy
1	ripe Pix, Video with Audio, production to TV, Web-cam, File copy
1	Excellent screen, functionality, reception.
1	Excellent screenland, functionality, reception.
1	Unbelievable Print Resolution!!  Quiet.  Affordable.
1	Unbelievable Print firmness!!  Quiet.  Affordable.
0	Unreliable/poorly made.  Three different phones have died on me.
0	Unreliable/poorly made.  threesome different phones have exit on me.
1	Trouble free connection to PC with Infra-Red port for any transfer
1	Trouble resign connection to PC with Infra-Red port for any carry-over
0	still slightly bulky,cant add pics or ringtone for each contact,lots of people have it,flat screen
0	still slightly bulky,cant add pics or ringtone for each tangency,lots of people have it,level blind
1	Inexpensive.  Software is intuitive.
1	Inexpensive.  Software is nonrational.
1	Excellent quality, user friendly, compact
1	Excellent timber, user friendly, compact
0	Manual modes difficult for me to learn, power button too close to shutter.
0	Manual modes difficult for me to teach, power clit too close to shutter.
1	Simple interface for common tasks, good battery life and signal acquisition
1	Simple interface for common tasks, ripe battery lifetime and signal acquisition
0	Won't work well with older computers, support is difficult
0	Won't work well with older computers, reinforcement is difficult
0	No seperate black cartridge
0	No seperate Black cartridge
1	Battery Life
1	Battery liveliness
1	light and small, great sound quality, easy to use, looks great
1	lightly and small, swell sound quality, easy to use, looks great
1	Works fine when new
1	workings fine when new
1	Easy to use, Good pictures.
1	easy to use, Good pictures.
1	semi-lightweight, semi-small, CHEAP!!
1	semi-lightweight, semi-small, chinchy!!
0	Slow Printing
0	slow Printing
1	Easy to collapse, Large front seat.
1	promiscuous to collapse, Large front seat.
0	Not easy to hold while talking. Poor Battery life.
0	Not easy to moderate while talking. Poor Battery life.
1	Images, features, price, design
1	effigy, features, price, design
1	Can't think of any.
1	Can't recollect of any.
0	A little noisy, large footprint, no bi-directional support with WIN XP
0	A little noisy, large step, no bi-directional support with winnings XP
1	inexpensive entry in the color printing market
1	inexpensive entry in the color publish market
1	Small, Stylish, Wireless Web
1	Small, Stylish, wireless Web
1	Great Price, Reasonable Cost, Easy to Use
1	Great cost, Reasonable Cost, Easy to Use
1	Wonderful and economic choice
1	Wonderful and economical choice
0	not the best out there
0	not the near out there
1	Small, deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, great reception
1	Small, deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, peachy reception
0	eats batteries!
0	eats bombardment!
0	Controls, swivel lens can be either useful or obnoxious, can be hard on batteries
0	manipulate, swivel lens can be either useful or obnoxious, can be backbreaking on batteries
1	Voice calling and promting, light weight and seems durable
1	Voice bid and promting, light weight and seems durable
0	Some photos had red eye, doesn't come with carrying case
0	Some photos had red eye, doesn't come with acquit subject
1	very inexpensive,  good quality pictures
1	very inexpensive,  good quality video
1	Sound Quality, MP3 Player, style and size.
1	levelheaded Quality, MP3 Player, style and size.
1	FLAWLESS
1	unflawed
0	Requires thorough understanding of photography
0	Requires thorough see of photography
1	Great pictures, great software and easy to carry around!
1	Great pictures, great software and easy to run around!
0	small size, poor user's manual
0	minor size, poor user's manual
0	paper always jams, long wait time for printing to start
0	paper always jams, long wait time for impression to commence
0	Noise sometimes visible, No USB connection, no "real focus ring"
0	Noise sometimes visible, No USB connection, no "veridical focus mob"
0	makes my computer crash
0	makes my computer clash
1	Titanium case, great pictures in auto mode, InfoLithium battery, 5 megapixel resolution
1	Titanium case, great word-painting in auto mode, InfoLithium battery, v megapixel resolution
1	great picture for the money
1	peachy picture for the money
1	Easy, fun, save $$$ on film and developing!
1	Easy, fun, save $$$ on celluloid and developing!
1	8x optical zoom, 4 mega-pixel resolution
1	8x optical zoom, 4 mega-pixel solvent
0	A bit hard to figure out all functions.
0	A moment hard to figure out all functions.
0	eats batteries quickly,  viewfinder too far from lens, sporadic LCD window
0	consume batteries quickly,  viewfinder too far from Lens, sporadic LCD window
1	Small in size, good optics, nice picture quality.
1	Small in size, good optics, nice picture caliber.
1	Sharp text, average speed, easy to use and affordable
1	Sharp text, average speed, comfortable to use and affordable
0	more expensive than a cheap 35mm
0	more expensive than a crummy 35mm
0	none really
0	none rattling
0	None so far
0	none so far
1	Inexpensive way to take digital photos
1	cheap way to take digital photos
1	Small, cool silver color, external display, awesome blue backlight
1	Small, cool silvern color, external display, awesome blue backlight
0	noisy, slow, and a maintenance headache
0	noisy, behind, and a maintenance headache
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, good quality.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, good select.
0	No web or GSM, no useful keyboard lock, hard to change rings. Antenna can break!
0	No web or GSM, no useful keyboard lock, knockout to change doughnut. Antenna can suspension!
1	Photo Quality, LCD Flip-out Screen
1	Photo character, LCD Flip-out Screen
1	Small, Durable, Inexpensive, Effective
1	small, Durable, Inexpensive, Effective
0	Nothing at all
0	nada at all
1	High Quality Photo-like results, reliable, easy to use.
1	High Quality Photo-like resolution, reliable, easy to use.
0	ink replacements are expensive, must buy printer cord sepratly
0	ink replacements are expensive, must buy printer corduroy sepratly
0	back light doesn't stay on, not a lot of accessories
0	back luminosity doesn't outride on, not a lot of accessories
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	well if it weren't a lemon... vocalise activation, exhibit clarity, ringtone selection
1	Very powerful Camera, fairly small construction, 4.1 megapixels!
1	Very powerful Camera, evenhandedly small construction, 4.1 megapixels!
1	GSM and TDMA.
1	GSM and TDMA.
1	prints fairly well
1	prints fairly considerably
1	nice design, easy to use
1	nice pattern, easy to use
0	None
0	none
1	Not high priced, good quality, easy to install and use.
1	Not richly priced, good quality, easy to install and employment.
1	Clear sound, long battery life, simple to use, small size
1	decipherable healthy, long battery life, simple to use, small size
1	Great Overall Printer
1	peachy Overall Printer
0	paper and ink hog,hard to complete quality prints
0	paper and ink hog,hard to terminated quality prints
1	Durable, easy to use, long battery life, takes a beating and keeps on ticking!
1	Durable, easy to use, long battery life, takes a exhaust and keeps on click!
1	compact, stylish, easy to use
1	compact, stylish, easy to habit
1	Does everything it was meant to do and does it very well.
1	Does everything it was mean to do and does it very advantageously.
0	Quite bulky in width, horrible battery life.
0	Quite bulky in width, horrible battery lifespan.
0	Costly ink usage
0	costly ink usage
0	Very expensive. Power-hungry.
0	really expensive. Power-hungry.
0	Not particularly attractive.
0	non particularly attractive.
0	small battery
0	small shelling
1	Great style & design for an older phone.
1	majuscule style & design for an older phone.
1	Resist all kind of beats. Never broken. A very useful phone
1	Resist all tolerant of quiver. Never broken. A very useful phone
1	Extremely dependable
1	Extremely reliable
0	none
0	none
0	Ease of use
0	Ease of consumption
0	Battery Life
0	Battery life-time
1	Small, light, sturdy, relatively inexpensive for a digi-cam.
1	Small, lightheaded, sturdy, relatively inexpensive for a digi-cam.
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	A decent earpiece with some unique features!
0	Horrible quality
0	Horrible calibre
0	Manual inadequate.
0	Manual poor.
0	Uses up batteries quickly if you don't have the adapter.
0	exercise up barrage quickly if you don't have the adapter.
1	Has adequate features for the price
1	Has adequate features for the damage
0	none really
0	none actually
1	2.1MP, 3x zoom, easy handling, good picture quality.
1	2.1MP, 3x zoom, comfortable handling, good picture quality.
1	small and light, low price, easy to use
1	minor and light, low price, easy to use
1	Small, cheap, some decent pix
1	little, cheap, some decent pix
1	small, good reception, color lcd screen
1	pocket-sized, good reception, color lcd screen
0	Pictures are sometimes blurry if you are not careful.
0	video are sometimes blurry if you are not careful.
1	Good Price; 3X zoom; Loaded with Features; Very user-friendly
1	Good Price; 3X zoom; laden with Features; Very user-friendly
0	random noises
0	random dissonance
0	I haven't found any.
0	I haven't encounter any.
1	Slick looking.  Easy video & camera features.
1	Slick looking.  well-heeled video & camera features.
1	Small, easy to use, can't loose the lens cap.
1	Small, easy to utilize, can't loose the lens cap.
0	poor quality
0	poor timbre
0	hard to install, not compatible, &amp;quot;so so&amp;quot; quality
0	knockout to install, not compatible, &amp;quot;so so&AMP;quot; quality
1	Model 1800 1.3mp. Nice pics, Sony CCD,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, Fast SmartMedia change. Battery economy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	manakin 1800 I.3mp. courteous pics, Sony CCD,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, Fast SmartMedia commute. Battery economy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Convenient, good keyboard, simple and useful menu, great quality of sound, decent sensitivity, 11 games
1	Convenient, expert keyboard, simple and useful menu, peachy timber of sound, decent sensitivity, 11 games
1	Warranty-2 years
1	Warranty-2 year
0	terrible battery life, terrible service, dropped calls
0	terrible bombardment life, terrible service, dropped calls
0	blurred picture, price
0	blurred photograph, price
0	Scanning software for Windows 2000 is worthless, scanner seldom works, you'll waste much time
0	Scanning software for Windows 2000 is vile, scanner seldom oeuvre, you'll waste much time
0	Can't think of any
0	Can't guess of any
0	It &amp;quot;thinks&amp;quot; a while before it prints.
0	It &amp;quot;consider&amp;quot; a while before it publish.
0	Doesn't Have Separate Color Wells, SLOW SLOW SLOW.
0	Doesn't Have Separate Color Wells, slowly SLOW SLOW.
1	Impressive quality at an economic price.  
1	Impressive prime at an economic price.  
0	Black text could be better, ink runs out kind of fast
0	Black text could be respectable, ink persist out kind of fast
1	Inexpensive, Bright Blue Display, Samsung Quality
1	Inexpensive, shiny Blue Display, Samsung Quality
1	Lightweight, Bright display, Lots of features and games, voice dialing.
1	Lightweight, Bright expose, Lots of features and games, representative dialing.
1	Very smooth ride
1	identical smooth ride
0	much cheaper product than should be sold.  Should have been labeled 'alpha' or 'beta' at least
0	practically tinny product than should be sold.  Should have been tag 'alpha' or 'beta' at least
1	Great quality, especially for the price; easy to operate.
1	gravid quality, especially for the price; easy to operate.
0	Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
0	Phone is pretty hefty and doesn't fit into a bag!
1	good pictures, even with 'point and shoot'
1	just pictures, even with 'point and shoot'
0	Price may be a factor for some
0	price may be a factor for some
0	Not a 'pub' phone.
0	Not a 'pub' sound.
0	Terrible reception, drops calls easily.
0	Terrible reception, drops vociferation easily.
1	Records on mini disk, good battery life, great extensive features
1	Records on mini disk, good battery life, peachy panoptic features
0	Flip up flash, picture review limitations
0	Flip up heartbeat, picture review limitations
1	Amazing pictures
1	amazing pictures
0	NONE.
0	none.
1	Excellent quality photos even for beginners, nightshot, infolithium battery
1	Excellent quality pic even for beginners, nightshot, infolithium battery
1	large viewing screen, easy-to-read, easy-to-use, can take a LOT of crap..
1	large viewing screen, easy-to-read, easy-to-use, can hold a spate of crap..
1	Great Pictures
1	enceinte Pictures
1	Nice color screen, cheap, good for basic use
1	Nice color screen, cheap, right for basic use
0	Hard to open flip No power button No Belt clip / holder
0	voiceless to open impudent No power button No Belt clip / holder
1	mpeg movie opiton w/ video out, 2.8x zoom, fun little camera
1	mpeg flick opiton w/ video out, 2.8x zoom, fun niggling camera
0	Not compatible with Windows XP
0	Not compatible with window XP
0	wierd shut off problems
0	wierd unopen off problems
1	Great camera, excellent picture quality, and a zoom lense for close ups!
1	large camera, excellent visualize quality, and a zoom lense for close ups!
0	pricey, holster problem, can't distinquish difference between ringer ID & text messages
0	dear, holster problem, can't distinquish dispute between ringer ID & text messages
1	Lightweight, good display, cheap, changable faceplates
1	Lightweight, good display, cheesy, changable faceplates
1	Fast, quality printing, scanning, and copying!
1	Fast, timbre printing, scanning, and copying!
1	Inexpensive solution
1	Inexpensive result
1	Affordable
1	low-priced
1	Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
1	Easy to habit.  transplant pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
0	It is a little pricey but well worth it
0	It is a short pricey but well worth it
0	cord shorted out
0	cord short-change out
0	battery doesn't seem to last long
0	battery doesn't seem to finale long
1	Price and maybe size
1	Price and possibly size
1	Lightweight, easy to maneuver, easy to put together.
1	Lightweight, leisurely to maneuver, easy to put together.
1	Beautiful pictures, economical, a company that I trust
1	Beautiful pictures, economical, a troupe that I trust
1	Excellent build quality, durable, great resolution and clarity, Nikon lenses are among the best
1	Excellent build quality, durable, big resolution and clarity, Nikon lenses are among the just
0	No power switch, No tray to catch printed sheets
0	No magnate switch, No tray to catch printed sheets
0	Nothing really
0	naught really
1	Clear reception; no unexpected disconnects; features
1	crystallize reception; no unexpected disconnects; features
1	Lightweight, great features, compact,  clear LCD and sound, easy to use with minimal instruction
1	Lightweight, expectant features, compact,  clear LCD and sound, easy to role with minimal instruction
0	melodic ringers, battery life, lcd backlight not bright
0	melodic ringers, battery life, lcd backlight not hopeful
1	paper tray
1	theme tray
0	Cheap qualty, Bad reception, UGLY
0	garish qualty, Bad reception, UGLY
0	Lacks features
0	Lacks have
0	No optical zoom. Beeping cannot be disabled.
0	No ocular zoom. Beeping cannot be disabled.
1	I like the color screen and overall appearance of the phone.
1	I like the color screen and boilersuit appearance of the sound.
1	High quality pictures, easy to use
1	High quality pictures, well-situated to use
0	A bit bulky and heavy.
0	A bit bulky and dense.
0	Limited Ring Options
0	Limited mob Options
1	Vibrant color screen, tri mode, and 150% improvement!
1	Vibrant coloring screen, tri mode, and 150% improvement!
0	No video/audio recording, ships w/ small memory card
0	No video/audio recording, ships w/ small store card
1	Great shots, compact size, easy to manipulate
1	Great shots, compact size, prosperous to manipulate
1	Better camera location than the 8900, Takes good pictures at 640x480
1	well camera location than the 8900, Takes good visualise at 640x480
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, comfort of use...
1	A good value
1	A good prize
0	Time between pictures taken.
0	Time between pictures acquire.
1	Compact,flexible,easy to use, great macro shots, cheap
1	Compact,flexible,easy to use, smashing macro shots, cheap
1	small, lightweight, good pictures
1	diminished, lightweight, good pictures
1	Small, light, compact
1	Small, short, compact
1	Functions very well as a webcam, good storage capacity
1	Functions very well as a webcam, dependable storage capacity
1	Small, light and generally user friendly.
1	Small, clean and generally user friendly.
0	Prohibitively expensive.
0	prohibitively expensive.
1	Affordable, fun, and easy
1	Affordable, fun, and gentle
1	Fast, easy, convenient
1	libertine, easy, convenient
1	Uses ordinary cheap floppies to store high quality pictures
1	Uses ordinary cheap floppy to store high quality pictures
1	quality, price, durability
1	quality, price, strength
1	great quality, fairly quiet, cheap!
1	great quality, fairly silence, cheap!
1	attractive, large bonnet; comfortable
1	attractive, large cowling; comfortable
0	IRda does not work with Palm Vx.
0	IRda does not mould with Palm Vx.
0	Looks Cheap, Not Overly Filled With Extras
0	Looks tatty, Not Overly Filled With Extras
1	easy
1	easily
1	Aesthetics, Speakerphone, Battery Life
1	esthetic, Speakerphone, Battery Life
1	Compact traveling size.
1	succinct traveling size.
1	bluetooth, color screen, good price.
1	bluetooth, color screen, honest price.
1	User-friendly, 2.3 MegaPixel, Fun
1	User-friendly, 2.threesome MegaPixel, Fun
1	Easy to use, dependable, good quality.
1	Easy to use, dependable, upright quality.
1	Well built, fully supported, easy to install and use, etc.
1	Well built, fully defend, well-to-do to install and use, etc.
1	Nice pictures, low price
1	nice pictures, low price
0	None, total satisfaction
0	None, totality satisfaction
1	Excellent value, quiet, reliable.  Very good quality output.
1	Excellent value, quiet, reliable.  Very good quality production.
1	Neat color screen, ring tones and wallpaper. Plus the service is great.
1	Neat color screen, ring tones and paper. summation the service is great.
0	can be slow to print, setup may take over an hour to install and register software
0	can be tedious to print, setup may direct over an hour to install and cross-file software
0	Not the best in any of the above
0	Not the serious in any of the above
0	short battery life
0	light battery life
1	Great color screen, great battery life
1	Great color screen, corking battery life
0	pricier when we bought it
0	pricey when we bought it
0	No camera, not many features, no games
0	No camera, not many features, no back
0	Bad design, slow response time, bad reception. Not worth the pain.
0	Bad design, tedious reception time, bad reception. Not worth the pain.
1	So easy to use.  I love this thing.
1	So wanton to use.  I love this thing.
1	Speakerphone, Clarity, Easy-to-use interface, and Features
1	Speakerphone, uncloudedness, Easy-to-use interface, and Features
1	Sleek, stylish candybar-style phone with great reception, lots TALK TIME and loads of features!
1	Sleek, stylish candybar-style phone with capital reception, circle TALK TIME and loads of features!
0	cost of ink
0	toll of ink
1	small, excellent upgrade, cool looks.  This phone rocks!
1	small, excellent upgrade, cool depend.  This phone rocks!
1	Very Good Price
1	Very honest Price
0	Not the best quality photos
0	Not the dear quality photos
1	Small Size, 3.2 megapixels, Metal body, AiAF focus system, CF memory, user friendly.
1	Small Size, 3.2 megapixels, Metal body, AiAF concentrate organisation, CF memory, user friendly.
0	The viewfinder takes getting used to - doesn't feel or appear truely TTL
0	The viewfinder strike getting used to - doesn't flavor or appear truely TTL
0	no lense cover
0	no lense compensate
0	eats AA batteries fast
0	eats AA batteries fasting
0	Didn't Hold Up Well When Run Over By 3/4Ton PickUp
0	Didn't arrest Up fountainhead When Run Over By 3/4Ton PickUp
0	doesn't fold up the best
0	doesn't plica up the best
1	good zoom, good picture quality, cheap, good storage
1	good zoom, adept picture quality, cheap, good storage
1	Great Phone
1	peachy Phone
0	Slow in Higher Res. Modes, Not much room for creativity.
0	dumb in mellow Res. Modes, Not much room for creativity.
1	lightweight, folds easily with one hand, steers well
1	lightweight, folds easily with one hand, guide well
1	Tons of options, and great quality, motion video recording, floppy disk storeage, see the pict and erase if you do not like!
1	Tons of options, and smashing prize, motion video recording, diskette disk storeage, catch the pict and erase if you do not like!
0	can't find any
0	can't recover any
1	Good picture quality , great features. Easy to use. Excellent optical zoom. Records video w/audio.
1	Good photograph quality , great features. Easy to expend. Excellent optical zoom. enter video w/audio.
0	No help screens, cannot print multiple copies except in Microsoft programs, only two opaque ink tanks, expensive to replace the ink tanks
0	No aid cover, cannot print multiple copies except in Microsoft broadcast, only two opaque ink tanks, expensive to supplant the ink tanks
0	Headset disconnects & screen de-lightens!
0	Headset disconnects & sort de-lightens!
0	Price and weight
0	Price and burden
0	oddly sensative controls.
0	oddly sensative moderate.
1	cheap(not worth it), small(falls out of pocket easily), popular(too popular now)
1	meretricious(not worth it), small(come out of pocket easily), popular(too popular now)
0	Sometimes loses connection in weak coverage areas
0	Sometimes loses connector in weak coverage areas
1	Good for a short while.
1	dear for a short while.
1	Design, Caller ID on outside, Size
1	project, Caller ID on outside, Size
1	Light, folds up small!
1	Light, folds up modest!
0	Screen under sun light, buttons can be small for some
0	screen under sun idle, buttons can be small for some
1	Great optical zoom
1	Great ocular zoom
1	cool colors and lights, easy ignore, great volume for rings and earpiece
1	cool colors and luminousness, gentle ignore, great volume for rings and earpiece
1	Best Digital Camera I have used to date. 
1	Best digital Camera I have used to date. 
0	expensive upfront cost and consumerables, slow to warm up out of standby mode
0	expensive upfront cost and consumerables, sluggish to warmly up out of standby mode
1	Easy, portable, looks great
1	Easy, portable, spirit great
1	worked well for one year
1	wreak well for one year
1	Features
1	lineament
1	Web enabled, clear reception, nice mobile hands-free option
1	Web enabled, clear reception, decent mobile hands-free option
0	None
0	none
0	Not Very Many Features
0	Not Very Many boast
0	Due to a poor design, it has a high maintenance LCD that needs frequent attention.
0	Due to a poor design, it has a gamy upkeep LCD that needs haunt attention.
0	No video recording capability
0	No video recording capacity
1	Worked, for about one year
1	Worked, for about ace year
1	Clear sound, light weight, easy search directory, durable, great speaker phone feature and sturdy buttons.
1	Clear fathom, wakeful weight, comfortable search directory, durable, great speaker phone feature and sturdy buttons.
0	buttons are a little small
0	buttons are a little small-scale
1	Light, attractive, good display, easy buttons, sound quality is good.
1	promiscuous, attractive, good display, easy buttons, go quality is good.
0	Everyone wants to borrow it.
0	Everyone want to borrow it.
1	It makes calls, takes pics, has bluetooth
1	It makes cry, takes pics, has bluetooth
1	Longlasting rechargeable battery, small and light, good documentation, fast USB connection
1	Longlasting rechargeable battery, small and wanton, good documentation, fast USB joining
0	None
0	none
1	walkie talkie,games,easy to use,sleek and shiny:)
1	walkie talkie,games,easy to use,sleek and glistening:)
1	Flash modes, good display, USB, common AA (non-proprietary) batteries, acceptable picture quality.
1	Flash modes, well display, USB, common AA (non-proprietary) batteries, acceptable picture timber.
1	Autonomous mode, high quality of prints (even on a usual paper), two-sided printing
1	Autonomous mode, high tone of prints (level on a usual paper), two-sided printing
1	cheap, good vivid color, great for the price!
1	cheap, good pictorial color, great for the price!
0	cost of cartriges
0	toll of cartriges
0	Flash kills batteries, bad with low light, no macro mode.
0	flash kills batteries, bad with dispirited light, no macro mode.
0	only one recline position, seat belt sticks and doesn't seem sturdy
0	only one recline pose, seat belt bewilder and doesn't seem sturdy
1	Microdrive
1	Microdrive
0	Price
0	toll
0	no optical zoom
0	no optic zoom
1	Good Print Quality 
1	well Print Quality 
0	The instruction book is insufficient for most of the machine's features.
0	The instruction Book is insufficient for most of the machine's feature.
0	Phone housing and battery mating surfaces allow excessive movement and wear until phone cuts off.
0	sound housing and battery mating surfaces allow exuberant movement and fag until phone cuts off.
1	Quality, Speed, USB, Price
1	caliber, Speed, USB, Price
0	Misaligned viewfinder, software doesn't "talk" to the camera
0	Misaligned viewfinder, software doesn't "babble" to the camera
0	Unimpressive output quality. Needs good quality paper to look only &amp;quot;fairly&amp;quot; good. Graphics/photos are way too grainy.
0	Unimpressive yield quality. Needs good select paper to look only &amp;quot;reasonably&amp;quot; good. Graphics/photos are manner too grainy.
0	No downloadable pictures.
0	No downloadable painting.
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	A little heavy for pocket!
0	A little lumbering for pocket!
0	Fragile, lacks expansion slots, inferior case options
0	Fragile, lacks elaboration slots, inferior case options
1	reception, size, camera, everything
1	response, size, camera, everything
1	None.
1	none.
0	My #1 con is the viewfinder parallax when zooming.
0	My #1 flimflam is the viewfinder parallax when zooming.
1	Color screen, polyphonic ringtones, very portable.
1	gloss screen, polyphonic ringtones, very portable.
0	Somewhat pricey initial cost; plug-in not easily accessible
0	Somewhat pricey initial price; plug-in not easily accessible
1	Small, nice looking, nice ring tones
1	Small, prissy looking, nice ring tones
0	small basket
0	minuscule basket
0	Expense
0	disbursal
1	Windows 2000 Compatibility; Easy Setup/Use; Price
1	Windows 2000 Compatibility; Easy Setup/use; Price
1	Large display, LOUD speaker, GREAT signal indoors and out
1	Large display, LOUD verbaliser, GREAT signal indoors and out
0	All models have lemons. I got one!
0	All models have lemons. I got unitary!
1	Reasonable price, it does well what it was designed to do
1	Reasonable Price, it does well what it was project to do
1	Color Printing and Copying and a Scanner to boot
1	Color Printing and Copying and a Scanner to flush
1	Tiny,Flash(many cardcams lack one),2mb,docking station that charges and uploads via usb(nice looking too!)
1	Tiny,shoot(many cardcams lack one),2mb,docking station that point and uploads via usb(nice search too!)
1	lightweight 
1	whippersnapper 
1	Quality &amp; price makes this worth the purchase.
1	Quality &amp; price makes this Worth the purchase.
0	None, although keypad may be a little trickey for large fingered idiviuals.
0	None, although keypad may be a trivial trickey for large finger idiviuals.
1	Quick printing with good quality and easy to use
1	Quick printing with good quality and slow to use
1	Digital,large backlit display and buttons,loaded,accs available in superstores
1	Digital,large backlit display and buttons,lade,accs uncommitted in superstores
0	Must have steady hand
0	Must have steady reach
1	my favorite feature is the MP3 player.
1	my favorite feature is the MP3 participant.
0	Battery life
0	Battery animation
0	Pricey, had trouble with the videos on my PC
0	Pricey, had hassle with the videos on my PC
0	fragile battery charger, poor reception, dropped calls, bad warranty
0	fragile battery charger, poor reception, dropped calls, bad warrantee
1	 Very good quality, strong, good looking
1	 Very unspoilt quality, strong, good looking
1	Cheap, good quality printing
1	brassy, good quality printing
1	Easy to use, uses a regular computer disc, has a great zoom, nice picture quality
1	loose to employment, uses a regular computer disc, has a great soar, nice picture quality
0	Not small, a bit pricey, Nowhere near &amp;quot;point and shoot&amp;quot;
0	Not small, a second pricey, Nowhere near &amp;quot;manoeuvre and shoot&amp;quot;
1	Great Looks, nice color screen and very light. Great batt life
1	Great smell, nice color screen and very light. capital batt life
0	Battery life, and nothing else!
0	Battery life-time, and nothing else!
1	SUPER FAST! Great print quality, can be networked with optional network card
1	SUPER truehearted! Great print quality, can be networked with optional meshwork card
1	cheap, easy to use, personal, good sound/signal
1	cheap, easy to utilise, personal, good sound/signal
1	high powered, compact, style
1	high powered, heavyset, style
0	The phone can get laggy; the keypad isn't the best.
0	The phone can perplex laggy; the keypad isn't the beneficial.
1	Nice picture quality
1	Nice flick quality
0	Pricey.
0	pricey.
1	Great zoom Good Quality
1	Great zoom good Quality
1	good color
1	good discolour
0	Pictures aren't as high-quality.
0	painting aren't as high-quality.
1	cheapest phone to buy with a camera and plays cool ring tones
1	cheapest phone to buy with a camera and plays cool knell flavour
0	Large footprint. Be ready to give up some shelf or counter space. 
0	large footprint. Be cook to give up some shelf or counter space. 
0	Resolution, price.
0	resolving, price.
1	Very small, Free, includes head set.
1	Very small, detached, includes head set.
1	Small Well built
1	small-scale Well built
1	Software, usb &amp;amp; serial cables
1	Software, usb &amp;amp; serial line
1	3.5 and SuperDisk, Records Audio
1	trio.5 and SuperDisk, Records Audio
0	no lens cap
0	no lens crownwork
0	BREAKS WAYYYYYYYYYYYY TO EASILY COMPARED TO SIMILAR FLIP PHONES AND ITS EXPENSIVE
0	rift WAYYYYYYYYYYYY TO EASILY COMPARED TO SIMILAR summersault PHONES AND ITS EXPENSIVE
1	Handles like a 35MM and has the best color results and sharp images.  Has manual mode for better images.
1	Handles comparable a 35MM and has the best color results and tart look-alike.  Has manual mode for better images.
1	Quite and Excellent for the money now that the price has dropped
1	Quite and excellent for the money now that the price has unload
1	Tiny size, world wide coverage, SMS and picture messaging. Great menu system
1	Tiny size, world wide coverage, SMS and photograph messaging. Great fare system
0	No wireless-web
0	no wireless-web
1	special tones
1	special tincture
0	no power supply, expensive batteries, poor design
0	no mogul supply, expensive batteries, poor design
0	None so far!
0	none so far!
0	none
0	none
0	Semi-intuitive user interface; Okay battery life; Poor user manual
0	Semi-intuitive user interface; Okay battery aliveness; Poor user manual
1	High quality high resolution pictures. Lots of features
1	High quality high resolution pictures. stacks of features
1	Supports large paper sizes
1	subscribe large paper sizes
1	Sharp Display, Good Quality, MP3 Ringtones, Acceptable Camera, Sturdy Feel, Quad-Band GSM, speakerphone, 5MB memory.
1	Sharp Display, Good prize, MP3 Ringtones, acceptable Camera, Sturdy flavor, Quad-Band GSM, speakerphone, 5MB memory.
0	Lightweight antennae,not for the technically challenged.
0	lightweight antennae,not for the technically challenged.
1	Very compact, tons of features, great picture quality even at the lower settings.
1	Very press, tons of features, great picture quality even at the lowly settings.
0	Large footprint, buy your own cable, HUGE transformer on power cord
0	Large footprint, buy your own cable, vast transformer on superpower cord
0	Ink is expensive, but that's not the printer's fault...oh wait, its an HP!
0	Ink is expensive, but that's not the printer's error...oh wait, its an horsepower!
1	Flexibility, light weight, sturdy.
1	Flexibility, short weight, sturdy.
0	sucks up battery energy, but rechargeables work great.
0	sucks up battery energy, but rechargeables ferment great.
1	Very Fast, Very Affordable, Cheap Toner, Great Text Quality, Mac Compatible
1	Very Fast, Very Affordable, tatty Toner, cracking Text Quality, Mac Compatible
0	medium quality on regular paper, ink hog
0	medium quality on regular paper, ink hogget
1	Very small, portable
1	very small, portable
0	Hate that shutter lag!
0	Hate that shutter interim!
0	batteries run out quickly
0	batteries ravel out quickly
0	It doesn't perform like a southern link radio!
0	It doesn't perform like a southern unite radio!
0	Slower print speeds than opposition, Ink carts expensive
0	Slower print zip than opposition, Ink carts expensive
1	Easy to use, great zoom
1	Easy to use, peachy zoom
0	See above I don't have room to list them all here.
0	discover above I don't have room to tilt them all here.
0	big size
0	adult size
0	None
0	none
1	picture quality, features, size
1	picture select, features, size
1	Nice displays, well thought out
1	Nice displays, well intellection out
0	Slow Shutter
0	behind Shutter
1	works well the first few months
1	works well the low few months
1	Great photo quality, Easy to install, Easy to use, VERY Durable!
1	keen photo quality, comfortable to install, Easy to use, VERY Durable!
0	Nothing
0	null
1	Inexpensive. Easy to Install. Small space required. Good quality.
1	Inexpensive. well-heeled to Install. Small space required. Good quality.
1	Super!!
1	superintendent!!
1	color lcd, picture phone, 40 polyphonic ring tones
1	color lcd, picture phone, 40 polyphonic phone tones
1	Small footprint - not a kluge, good print quality especially in photos.
1	little footprint - not a kluge, skilful print quality especially in photos.
0	Lens cap annoyances. Few extras included.
0	Lens cap annoying. Few extras included.
1	Small for a 3.3Mpel camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Small for a 3.3Mpel camera&amp;#XIII;&amp;#ten;
0	Not very good action shots
0	Not very good action stab
1	The Size gave the neatness of a camera
1	The Size throw the neatness of a camera
0	Baby almost fell out of stroller onto a cement floor.
0	Baby virtually fell out of saunterer onto a cement floor.
0	uses batteries fast but can be fixed by using power adapter and extension cord.
0	manipulation batteries fast but can be fixed by victimization power adapter and extension cord.
0	Short battery life when using LCD, no zoom
0	shortsighted battery life when using LCD, no zoom
0	Watch out for the cost of supplies!
0	Watch out for the cost of cater!
0	EVERYTHING!!!!
0	EVERYTHING!!!!
0	Batteries Tend to Go Dead Fast, Memory Card Reader may Be Needed. Kind of Heavy.
0	shelling Tend to Go abruptly Fast, Memory Card Reader may Be Needed. Kind of heavily.
1	High Qlty. pics. Small size, and a Beauty!
1	High Qlty. picture. Small size, and a Beauty!
1	Very small long battery life great reception
1	Very small longsighted battery life great reception
0	kind of bulky
0	genial of bulky
0	Eats batteries up so fast that they must be removed after use!
0	eat batteries up so fast that they must be removed after utilization!
1	Nice interface, Blue Back-Lighting, Nice price.
1	Nice interface, drab Back-Lighting, Nice price.
1	Same size as a regular camera, Lightweight, Easy to use
1	Same size as a regular camera, whippersnapper, Easy to exercise
1	Inexpensive, sturdy, easy-fold, reclining(!)
1	Inexpensive, hardy, easy-fold, reclining(!)
1	A TOTAL computer in my pocket.
1	A TOTAL calculator in my pocket.
1	Great features, easy to navagate, many options
1	Great features, prosperous to navagate, many options
1	Least expensive 2.3MP camera available
1	Least expensive 2.3MP camera usable
0	EVERYTHING ELSE!!!!
0	EVERYTHING ELSE!!!!
1	Compact, tons of features, seems to alwasy find a signal
1	Compact, gobs of feature, seems to alwasy find a signal
0	retains cold! BRRRR....
0	retains stale! BRRRR....
1	Nice color display.  Very lightweight.  Features, features, and more features.
1	Nice color show.  very lightweight.  Features, features, and more features.
1	Lightweight, very compact, has most of the features of a full size stroller
1	Lightweight, very compact, has most of the feature of a broad size stroller
1	A Digital Camera That Will Do All Your Work.
1	A Digital Camera That leave Do All Your Work.
1	very good quality of printing, shape allows you to sit it on a shelf
1	very proficient quality of printing, bod allows you to sit it on a shelf
0	none
0	none
1	Background light is cool
1	Background luminousness is cool
0	uses batteries fast, low light is crummy
0	role batteries fast, low light is crummy
0	Battery life.
0	barrage life.
1	You control how simple or how complex you want the camera to be.
1	You see how bare or how complex you want the camera to be.
1	Features, durability, size/weight ratio
1	Features, strength, size/weight ratio
1	Compact size, Excellent Picture Quality, Great Features
1	Compact size, Excellent pic Quality, Great Features
1	It produces the best movies that I have found on a digital photo camera!
1	It produces the secure movies that single have found on a digital photo camera!
1	Compact 2mp camera.  Easy to use.  Good range of features
1	press 2mp camera.  Easy to use.  Good range of characteristic
1	Love the multifunction capabilities and ease of use.
1	Love the multifunction capabilities and ease of function.
1	6 ppm black, 5 ppm color - 1440 x 720 dpi - insanely inexpensive!
1	6 ppm black, 5 ppm color - 1440 10 720 dpi - insanely cheap!
1	easy to use, no extra costly parts
1	easy to use, no extra costly share
1	picture quality, optical zoom, price
1	depict quality, optical zoom, price
1	easy to use and great quality pictures
1	easy to use and majuscule quality pictures
0	Menus could be more intuitive.  Too few characters allowed for names in phone book.
0	Menus could be more intuitive.  Too few characters allowed for key in headphone book.
1	Great photo printing quality. Excellent price.
1	Great photo printing choice. Excellent price.
0	very few features, not that hot in low light, hates batteries
0	very few features, not that hot in downhearted weak, hates batteries
1	good quality, quick printing for IJ
1	good character, quick printing for IJ
0	Pricey at regular price, power hog.
0	Pricey at regular price, power hogg.
0	Battery that comes with it is not enough for me
0	bombardment that arrive with it is not enough for me
1	direct-connect feature, address book.
1	direct-connect lineament, address book.
1	Beautiful print quality, when new.
1	Beautiful print quality, when newfangled.
1	Ease of Use, handy strap, 
1	Ease of function, handy strap, 
0	extensive LCD use drains batteries quickly
0	extended LCD use drains batteries quickly
0	Not photo quality
0	not photo quality
1	Battery life, easy to use, great sound, LOUD RINGER
1	Battery life, easy to use, great well-grounded, LOUD RINGER
1	cheap, good quality, easy to use
1	cheap, good quality, promiscuous to use
1	Bluetooth, mp3 player, transflash, camera, motorola name
1	Bluetooth, mp3 player, transflash, camera, motorola nominate
0	Oversized as a phone, hard to see display in day time
0	Oversized as a phone, voiceless to catch display in day time
0	It talks, most printers don't, scary
0	It talks, most printer don't, scary
1	Lots of options
1	wads of options
1	Excellent Photo Quality printing, Roll paper ready
1	Excellent Photo Quality print, Roll paper ready
1	Colour screen, Tri Band, Bluetooth
1	semblance screen, Tri Band, Bluetooth
1	Good Camera
1	sound Camera
0	Absolutely devours batteries,slow transfers to pc,flash overexposure
0	Absolutely devours batteries,slow transfers to pc,tawdry overexposure
0	Nothing too big, a couple of gripes mentioned...
0	zero too big, a couple of gripes mentioned...
1	Good quality printing
1	Good character printing
1	small, lightweight and easy to carry
1	small, lightweight and well-heeled to carry
1	easy to use, floppy
1	easy to purpose, floppy
1	good picture, erase the bad photos
1	unspoilt picture, erase the bad photos
1	nice body, paper tray fold up, two sided accessory
1	nice body, paper tray flexure up, two sided accessory
0	Horrible sound quality, terrible speaker phone, really long power cycle times, pull out antenna
0	Horrible sound quality, terrible speaker phone, very long power cycle times, rend out antenna
1	easy to use, great picture quality
1	easy to use, great picture prime
0	Poor battery performance, poor construction
0	short battery performance, poor construction
0	... Just not on a mac.
0	... Just not on a mackintosh.
0	not best quality, but ok
0	not undecomposed quality, but ok
0	expensive?
0	expensive?
1	cheap, Adobe PhotoDeluxe included
1	trashy, Adobe PhotoDeluxe included
0	Slow
0	ho-hum
1	lightweight, easy to carry and fold
1	lightweight, easy to conduct and fold
1	Price, lots of pictures.
1	Price, caboodle of pictures.
1	Great resolutions
1	big resolutions
1	Good features for a low price
1	ripe features for a low price
1	Color screen. Flip phone.
1	Color screen. alternate phone.
0	Poor quality cover, battery life is short, no MP3, no expandable memory!
0	Poor prime plow, battery life is short, no MP3, no expandable memory!
0	need more simplified operating buttons
0	need more simplified operating clitoris
0	Battery gets hot on long calls.
0	Battery beget hot on long calls.
1	three wheels
1	three pedal
1	Good graphics, loud enough, game
1	just graphics, loud enough, game
0	too many confusing buttons
0	too many fuddle buttons
1	inexpensive, compact, and looks cool
1	inexpensive, stocky, and looks cool
1	Great quality, text and picture
1	Great quality, text and delineation
1	Screen, price, size, phone color, quality
1	Screen, price, size, phone color, prize
1	Looks great, clear speakerphone, color LCD, and reliable reception and battery
1	Looks great, clean-cut speakerphone, colourise LCD, and reliable reception and battery
1	Good print quality.
1	Good print calibre.
1	Floppies, easy-to-use, great quality pictures
1	Floppies, easy-to-use, great quality ikon
0	Printer is bulky. Also runs best with HP paper products.
0	Printer is bulky. besides runs unspoilt with HP paper products.
1	good resolution, compact size, easy to use
1	good resolution, compact size, comfortable to use
1	Sturdy, well built
1	Sturdy, easily built
1	It cannot be any easier to use.  Good photo quality for price range.
1	It cannot be any easier to habituate.  practiced photo quality for price range.
0	I really have nothing bad to say about this camera. It outperforms most.
0	I really have nothing forged to say about this camera. It outdo most.
1	size and cost
1	size and be
0	Hard to hold steady at 3 X zoom; red-eye reduction works poorly.
0	Hard to concord steady at trio X zoom; red-eye reduction works poorly.
0	trying to answer messages can be difficult.
0	trying to resolve messages can be difficult.
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	Large screen, vindicated reception and great functions
0	expensive when it came out.
0	expensive when it do out.
0	Low Battery Life
0	depression Battery Life
0	Cuts in and out as you speak, hard to use controls
0	excision in and out as you speak, hard to use ensure
1	Changeable faceplates
1	uncertain faceplates
1	It works! It's the future! It's here now!
1	It run! It's the future! It's here now!
0	Antenna doesn't stay extended
0	Antenna doesn't stay extend
0	pricey cartridges
0	high-priced cartridges
1	speed, quality, name
1	speed, character, name
0	price
0	Price
0	Somewhat expensive even if you can find it on sale, ridiculously expensive if you can't
0	slightly expensive eve if you can retrieve it on sale, ridiculously expensive if you can't
0	no MPEG mode, big
0	no MPEG mode, openhanded
0	uses a lot of batteries
0	uses a slew of batteries
1	easy set-up, mac compatible, great color quality on regular paper, smooth paper handling
1	easy set-up, mac compatible, great semblance quality on regular paper, smooth paper palm
1	Great sound quality, both Mic and speaker, excellent call screening
1	smashing sound quality, both Mic and speaker, excellent vociferation screening
0	None
0	none
1	None
1	none
0	Bulky, shot lag time, limited image storage, viewfinder washes out in sun
0	Bulky, shot meantime time, modified image storage, viewfinder washes out in sun
1	PC and Mac Friendly
1	PC and Mac well-disposed
1	small size
1	pocket-size size
1	EVERYTHING
1	EVERYTHING
1	Lots of features
1	plenty of features
1	Cheap, easy to use, produces some good results.
1	Cheap, easy to use, develop some good results.
0	battery LIFE!
0	battery animation!
0	Apparent bug may need remove/replace battery infrequently
0	Apparent bug may need absent/replace battery infrequently
1	Small, lightweight and easy to use.
1	Small, lightweight and loose to use.
1	Easy to use, takes nice photos, small and light, saves $ from buying film
1	Easy to use, takes overnice photos, small and swooning, saves $ from buying film
0	Poorly designed
0	Poorly intentional
0	Takes a little too long to take picture.  
0	rent a little too long to take picture.  
0	Noisy drawn out start up.
0	Noisy line out start up.
1	inexpensive, 3 year warranty
1	inexpensive, trinity year warranty
1	Cheap. Nice physical design and very solid construction.
1	Cheap. Nice physical design and very hearty construction.
0	print quality is only very good when using high-quality paper, expensive ink cartridges
0	print select is only very ripe when using high-quality paper, expensive ink cartridges
1	Small, small, small.  Excellent quality pics, easy to use, good software.  Did I say small?
1	Small, small, small.  Excellent quality pics, slow to use, good package.  dress I say small?
0	Lens cap, bad power button placement, bad selection button placement, durability
0	Lens cap, uncollectible power button placement, defective selection button placement, durability
1	easy to use,custom settings,compact size
1	easy to use,custom scope,compact size
0	soft focusing, LCD needed for everything
0	soft direction, LCD needed for everything
0	The directions were incomplete.  Camera shuts off too soon to save the batteries.
0	The instruction were incomplete.  Camera exclude off too soon to save the batteries.
1	Excellent photos, great software included with 618xi
1	Excellent photos, swell software included with 618xi
0	Pricey. No optical zoom. Need docking station to upload or charge battery. 
0	Pricey. No optical zoom. Need bob station to upload or shoot battery. 
0	no ink level notifier, the price won't stay this low
0	no ink degree notifier, the price won't appease this low
1	very low cost, good looking, small size
1	very grim cost, good looking, small size
1	Lightweight, nice visual display, menus are easy to navigate.
1	Lightweight, nice visual display, menus are well-off to navigate.
1	withstands abuse, reception excellent, fits in pocket, loud ring, easy-to-use, excellent voice-pick-up,
1	withstands abuse, reception excellent, tantrum in pocket, meretricious ring, easy-to-use, excellent voice-pick-up,
1	It prints fast and produces some nice photo prints!
1	It prints tight and produces some nice photo prints!
1	Color Screen, Camera, Call Quality
1	Color Screen, Camera, yell Quality
0	Rome
0	Roma
1	Floppy disk-easy to use
1	Floppy disk-easy to consumption
0	Drains batteries quickly.
0	Drains bombardment quickly.
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through purpose.
0	Battery use/Design
0	Battery employment/Design
0	none.
0	none.
1	light, easy to use....works exceptionally well
1	light, easy to use....works exceptionally swell
1	Great for beginners!
1	smashing for beginners!
0	Image capacity/storage, no optical viewfinder.
0	project capacity/storage, no optical viewfinder.
0	none so far. I love this phone!!!
0	none so far. I bang this phone!!!
0	Outrageous Ink Price, with Proprietary Chips in Cartridge!
0	extortionate Ink Price, with Proprietary Chips in Cartridge!
1	Loaded With Features, Great Price, Intuitive, Good Quality
1	adulterate With Features, Great Price, Intuitive, Good Quality
0	a little slow and noisy
0	a short slow and noisy
1	Small, cheap.
1	Small, flash.
0	low quality and slow - must download setup program for Windows ME
0	broken quality and wearisome - must download setup program for Windows ME
1	Small when folded, rear step for older child
1	Small when folded, rear step for Old child
1	Space Saving, Takes up little room, easy to install and setup
1	Space Saving, consume up piddling room, easy to install and setup
0	middle-of-the-line
0	middle-of-the-line
1	Lightweight and basic, simple set-up, print software
1	Lightweight and BASIC, simple set-up, print software
0	Pricey, metamerism too evident (shifts to green too much), painfully slow, consumes too much ink.
0	Pricey, metamerism too evident (slip to unripened too much), painfully dense, consumes too much ink.
1	Excellent picture quality. Ability to record live motion video w/audio.
1	Excellent picture select. Ability to record bouncy motion video w/audio.
1	Easy to use, full featured, and inexpensive.  Good reception and sound.
1	Easy to use, full featured, and inexpensive.  honorable reception and reasoned.
0	drains the batteries pretty quick
0	drains the batteries pretty prompt
1	Print quality is OK
1	Print prize is OK
1	easy to use
1	easy to enjoyment
1	Features, ease of use, photo quality
1	Features, ease of habit, photo quality
1	Price, ease of use, lightweight, great pictures, fast transfer time
1	Price, allay of use, lightweight, keen pictures, fast transfer time
0	does not pick up in some places
0	does not foot up in some places
0	you have to buy a battery charger and rechargeables
0	you have to buy a battery courser and rechargeables
1	It does put out printed materials
1	It does put out print materials
1	Features, Battery Life, Portability, Robustness
1	Features, Battery Life, Portability, lustiness
0	Bulky and awkward; expensive; no bluetooth or Wi-Fi; phone network patchy at present;poor manual
0	Bulky and awkward; expensive; no bluetooth or Wi-Fi; sound network patchy at portray;pitiful manual
1	High resolution, easy to use, rechargeable batteries, can record movies
1	High resolution, slow to utilisation, rechargeable batteries, can record movies
1	Quality of text, Size
1	Quality of text, size
1	light weight, durable, small.
1	light weight, durable, belittled.
1	GREAT lens, fast AF, good manual control, tons of features
1	GREAT lens, fast AF, serious manual control, piles of features
1	Long use and stand by time
1	retentive use and stand by time
1	You get a printer, copier, fax, and scanner all in one machine!
1	You flummox a printer, duplicator, fax, and scanner all in one machine!
1	ease of use, image quality, wide range of professional tools
1	relieve of use, range quality, wide range of professional tools
1	Excellent reliability, a workhorse
1	Excellent dependableness, a workhorse
0	HIDEOUS picture quality, no flash, small memory capacity (18-24 pictures), slow downloads to computer
0	HIDEOUS picture quality, no tacky, small memory capacity (18-24 pictures), slowly downloads to computer
0	glitches- power shut off, phone lag, volume inconsistency), large size can be a pain.
0	glitches- power shut off, ring lag, volume inconsistency), gravid size can be a pain.
0	Slower and more expensive than 952C.
0	dull and more expensive than 952C.
1	sturdy, light, attractive
1	sturdy, lightly, attractive
0	Could have higher resolution.  Batteries expensive.  Could use better zoom lens.
0	Could have gamey resolution.  Batteries expensive.  Could use well zoom lens.
1	Standard Floppy Disks for media storage, Great quality, Ability to take lots of pictures for a little price and determine which pictures to print
1	Standard Floppy Disks for media storage, enceinte quality, Ability to claim slew of pictures for a little Price and determine which pictures to print
1	excellent quality, quiet, prints directly from flash memory
1	excellent calibre, quiet, prints directly from flash memory
1	Uses very little ink so cartridges last, self-cleaning printer head, easy set up.
1	USA very little ink so cartridges last, self-cleaning printer psyche, easy set up.
1	Battery, JAVA, Many options and settings, tough.
1	Battery, JAVA, Many option and settings, tough.
1	Picture clarity, Kodak Name, Ease of Use, Zoom
1	impression clarity, Kodak Name, Ease of Use, Zoom
1	economy of digital with images = to film
1	economy of digital with images = to flick
1	Great quality pictures. Very easy to use.
1	Great quality pictures. Very easy to exercise.
1	Easy to use, reception and battery life are great, and the speakerphone is decent.
1	easy to use, reception and battery life are great, and the speakerphone is enough.
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	Better than the V710 but stock-still not perfrect.
0	Glitchy Drivers, Poor paper handling
0	Glitchy Drivers, pitiful paper handling
1	Quality and Value
1	Quality and appreciate
0	haven't found anything yet!
0	haven't detect anything yet!
1	Sound quality is excellent, user interface is friendly, graphics are top notch, great camera!
1	healthy quality is excellent, user interface is friendly, graphics are acme notch, great camera!
1	Positions, Beauty, Functions
1	emplacement, Beauty, Functions
0	Impossible to hook up to a computer
0	Impossible to pilfer up to a computer
1	Children can sit next to one another, lightweight
1	Children can sit next to nonpareil another, lightweight
0	Cartridges replacement are very expensive. Occasional paper jam.
0	Cartridges replacement are very expensive. Occasional paper obstruct.
1	Cool overall
1	chill overall
1	LCD, nice quality prints, and it's easy to use
1	LCD, nice timbre prints, and it's easy to use
0	The are updated way to fast
0	The are updated way to truehearted
0	Loud when in fast print.
0	Loud when in debauched print.
0	large, heavy, no color screen
0	large, wakeless, no color screen
0	limited time for downloads and Sprint customer service
0	limited time for downloads and Sprint customer help
0	Hi Interference Emitted;  Counter-Intuitive Menus; Difficult To Handle
0	Hi intervention Emitted;  Counter-Intuitive Menus; Difficult To Handle
0	Battery life, difficult navigation, no clock.
0	Battery life-time, difficult navigation, no clock.
1	light, great phone call quality, good camera quality, hi-res screen, memory expandable
1	idle, peachy phone call quality, good camera quality, hi-res screen, memory expandable
0	Without service, all the pros of the phone become moot!
0	Without service, all the professional of the phone go moot!
0	Batteries die after unloading once or twice
0	Batteries decease after unloading once or twice
1	Little Joystick is Convenient, Calender, Appointment Setter, Easy to Use, Voice Dialer, Long Battery Life
1	piffling Joystick is Convenient, Calender, engagement Setter, Easy to employment, Voice Dialer, Long Battery Life
0	A little on the heavy side
0	A little on the labored side
1	Great features, reception, reliability
1	Great characteristic, reception, reliability
1	High Speed, Print Quality, Drivers
1	eminent Speed, Print Quality, Drivers
1	Cost, print quality, reliability
1	Cost, print choice, reliability
0	terrible battery life, terrible service, dropped calls
0	terrible battery life, terrible service, dropped foretell
0	Picture save time
0	Picture save metre
0	none
0	none
0	No web access capabilities, can't receive special ring tones.
0	No entanglement access capabilities, can't receive special ring tones.
1	Reliable, Stylish
1	reliable, Stylish
0	nothing to big to mention
0	nothing to openhanded to mention
0	Vibration mode is not strong enough
0	Vibration mode is not secure enough
0	Small buttons, small screen, no downloadable ringtone facility.
0	Small buttons, small covert, no downloadable ringtone facility.
1	Price w/rebates an offer you can't refuse
1	Price w/rebates an crack you can't refuse
1	good price,great camera
1	unspoilt price,great camera
0	child can fall off when standing
0	tike can fall off when standing
0	Dies every two weeks
0	Dies every two hebdomad
0	bulky for small hands, small for larger hands
0	bulky for lowly hands, small for larger hands
0	Reviewing photos is cumbersome.  No USB connection.
0	reexamine photos is cumbersome.  No USB connection.
1	cool factor
1	chill factor
0	cartridges
0	magazine
0	Poor picture quality for indoor pictures. LCD screen has low resolution.
0	Poor show quality for indoor pictures. LCD sort has low resolution.
0	Original software hectically buggy
0	Original software hectically cracked
1	Great photo quality, makes even me look like a pro
1	Great photo quality, reach regular me look like a pro
1	Great price, great quality, fast printer, nice straight-forward design and function
1	large price, great quality, fast printer, nice straight-forward design and routine
1	Color changing screen, stylish exterior, VERY lightweight
1	coloration changing screen, stylish exterior, VERY lightweight
0	no way
0	no fashion
0	Signal loss, echo, no web capability
0	Signal loss, echo, no web potentiality
0	no colour screen.. but hey, this phone is going on 2 years old people.
0	no colour screen.. but hey, this phone is going on 2 years Old masses.
1	Relatively user friendly, free with contract
1	Relatively user friendly, free with get
0	On the noisy side
0	On the noisy English
1	Picture quality, bright display.
1	Picture character, bright display.
0	Relatively weak built-in flash, carrying case not included
0	Relatively weak built-in flash, carrying suit not included
1	cant think of any
1	cant intend of any
1	cost effective, fun &amp;amp; easy to use, rechargable lithium battery, custom-made options
1	cost effective, fun &amp;amp; wanton to enjoyment, rechargable lithium battery, custom-made options
0	Basically Everything.
0	fundamentally Everything.
1	Amazing Print Quality, Low Price, Space Saving Design
1	Amazing Print Quality, Low cost, Space Saving Design
0	None worth mentioning
0	None worth mention
0	price (still waiting to find out if it's worth the investment)
0	price (stock-still waiting to happen out if it's worth the investment)
1	price, performance, bettery
1	price, execution, bettery
0	Slow warming up &amp; between pictures.
0	Slow calefacient up &amp; between pictures.
1	in a nutshell: glitz, glamour, sass
1	in a nutshell: flashiness, glamour, sass
1	Small, lightweight, excellent battery life.
1	Small, lightweight, excellent barrage life.
1	Sturdy, Ease of use, Manuverable, Comfortable Snazzy
1	stalwart, Ease of use, Manuverable, Comfortable Snazzy
0	None
0	none
1	Quality and Speed
1	Quality and quicken
0	Drains batteries fast, no lense cover, no case.
0	Drains batteries fast, no lense treat, no case.
0	Cheap antenna, terrible battery life, hard to read display, very top heavy
0	crummy antenna, dreadful battery life, hard to read display, very top heavy
1	Speaker phone, FM radio, small and lightweight
1	loudspeaker phone, FM radio, small and lightweight
0	low battery life, low memory, and does not sync to outlook
0	Low battery life, crushed memory, and does not sync to outlook
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	easy to lose
0	comfortable to lose
0	Battery life not as advertised
0	Battery life not as publicise
1	prints clearly
1	prints intelligibly
0	battery power
0	shelling power
0	Battery charge indicator not very useful.
0	Battery lodge indicator not very useful.
1	Easy to learn, easy to use, takes great shots
1	Easy to learn, prosperous to use, takes great shots
0	ink consumption.
0	ink phthisis.
1	Small tri-band phone, long battery life, plethora of features, no Sprint Service!
1	small-scale tri-band phone, foresighted battery life, plethora of features, no Sprint Service!
0	8Mb memory stick only, no carrying case, menu complicated at first, slow to focus
0	8Mb memory joystick only, no carrying case, menu complicated at first, tedious to focus
1	clear pictures, Hp
1	brighten pictures, Hp
0	A little bit pricey.
0	A little minute pricey.
0	Poor reception. Poor battery life. Screen freezes.
0	Poor reception. Poor battery life. Screen freeze.
0	Slow to start up.
0	slack to start up.
1	Good price, fast and crisp output
1	Good toll, fast and crisp output
1	Bells and whistles , long battery life , good reception
1	Bells and whistles , long battery life , honorable reception
1	Downloading images from a flashcard
1	Downloading image from a flashcard
1	A great deal; upgradrable and reasonably priced.
1	A great pot; upgradrable and reasonably priced.
0	Case is slightly chinsey
0	showcase is slightly chinsey
1	Light weight, easy to handle, low cost
1	Light weight, leisurely to handle, low cost
0	8mb max memory, tech support
0	8mb max memory, tech endure
1	Quality output, separate consumables, many print options
1	Quality output, secern consumables, many print options
1	beautiful print quality, very easy to install and use, good options, no jams
1	beautiful print quality, very easy to install and enjoyment, estimable options, no jams
1	Basic, simple to use phone
1	Basic, simple to use telephone
1	Small size.  No computer needed.  Great prints.  Great included software.
1	Small size.  No computer needed.  smashing prints.  enceinte included software.
1	Great camera for Beginner
1	Great camera for beginner
1	Cool screen, vibrate function
1	Cool screen, vibrate work
1	Compact as a palm, well priced, good sound quality
1	Compact as a thenar, well priced, good sound quality
0	smart card is only 8 mb. 3 1'2 adopter card is an expensive add on
0	smart bill is only 8 MB. 3 1'2 adopter card is an expensive total on
0	prints slow
0	prints easy
0	XD memory card, a little bulky, ASA (200 only), pics can be blurry without flash
0	XD memory notice, a lilliputian bulky, ASA (200 only), pics can be blurry without photoflash
0	too expensive, easily breakable, strap problems
0	too expensive, easily breakable, whip problems
1	Attractive Cosmetic Look
1	Attractive Cosmetic reckon
1	NONE
1	none
1	Fast, easy to use, not expensive, dependable brand
1	Fast, easy to use, not expensive, safe brand
1	I sold it again on Ebay.
1	I trade it again on Ebay.
0	Confounding phone book, frequently doesn't connect calls, poor quality faceplate.
0	Confounding phone Book, frequently doesn't connect calls, short quality faceplate.
0	fit and finish of some panels is less than perfect quality.
0	correspond and conclusion of some panels is less than perfect quality.
1	Fun to play with; excellent mp3 player; good digital video
1	Fun to meet with; excellent mp3 player; estimable digital video
0	Soft images, poor shot to shot times, short battery life, 
0	Soft simulacrum, poor pullulate to shot times, short battery life, 
0	None.
0	none.
0	Can be slow and seems to inhale the ink.
0	stool be slow and seems to inhale the ink.
1	Quality printing, great price
1	lineament printing, great price
1	Auto hands free is great, price is right
1	Auto paw free is great, price is right
0	manual too small, flimsy USB cover, fragile telephoto switch, 
0	manual too diminished, flimsy USB cover, fragile telephoto switch, 
1	reliable as heck, useful features, nice looks, VERIZON
1	reliable as heck, useful features, nice bet, VERIZON
1	It's little...
1	It's picayune...
0	none
0	none
0	Only 100 Slots for Name/Nbr
0	Only 100 Slots for refer/Nbr
1	Simplicity, Resolution, Color
1	Simplicity, Resolution, coloring
0	Not suitable for any work application
0	Not suitable for any sour application
1	nice looking ,light
1	gracious looking ,light
1	Small size, fits in my hand, LCD viewfinder, easy for a first-timer to use
1	pocket-sized size, fits in my hand, LCD viewfinder, well-fixed for a first-timer to use
1	fun, cute, easy to set up, light, durable
1	fun, cute, easy to set up, tripping, durable
1	size, features, quality
1	size, features, lineament
1	Size,Menu,Voice Features,Reception,Great Ring Tones
1	Size,Menu,Voice Features,Reception,Great reverberate Tones
0	It's not the best looking camera and its kinda flimsy
0	It's not the outflank depend camera and its kinda flimsy
0	Viewfinder could be a bit larger. Printed manual could be more comprehensive.
0	Viewfinder could be a bite orotund. Printed manual could be more comprehensive.
0	NONE
0	none
0	The price tag of $200 to $249.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	The price tag of $cc to $249.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&AMP;#X;
0	Text bleeds, colours don't print properly in Office 2000
0	schoolbook bleeds, colours don't print properly in Office 2000
0	It does require a little effort on your part......
0	It does take a little effort on your part......
0	Eats up batteries REAL fast
0	rust up batteries REAL fast
0	Can be a bit hard to get working on USB
0	Can be a bit hard to begin workings on USB
1	easy to use
1	easy to utilisation
1	User Interface, Hands Free, Feature Packed
1	User Interface, Hands dislodge, Feature Packed
0	Macintosh LocalTalk needs an optional interface card.  Some information only in electronic version of the manual.
0	mack LocalTalk require an optional interface tease.  Some information only in electronic version of the manual.
0	NONE
0	none
0	Phone shuts off unexpectedly, especially during calls. Sounds are static like
0	Phone shuts off unexpectedly, particularly during address. Sounds are static like
1	low price
1	lowly price
1	features
1	characteristic
0	Very unreliable; I don't know where the ink goes!
0	Very unreliable; I don't know where the ink expire!
1	Excellent bang for the buck. Well constructed. Attractive.
1	Excellent hump for the buck. Well constructed. Attractive.
0	Flimsy, Slow, Hard to Navigate
0	Flimsy, Slow, strong to Navigate
0	It creates bad results in bumpy roads. 
0	It creates bad results in jolting roads. 
1	It has alot of memory to store names, numbers. Built-in web access
1	It has alot of memory to store diagnose, enumerate. Built-in web access
0	On button is small.
0	On release is small.
0	Letter size Flatbed Scanner,No On Off Switch
0	Letter size Flatbed Scanner,No On Off throw
1	excellent photo reproduction; ease of installation and usage
1	excellent photo reproduction; ease of installation and employment
0	Quirky flash effect.
0	Quirky flash burden.
1	Rugged, simple (no camera).
1	Rugged, mere (no camera).
0	Kind of heavy but not too bad. Image quality is good except for its tint.
0	Kind of heavy but not too bad. Image prize is soundly demur for its tint.
0	Plastic case creaks, not as sturdy as older Ericsson phones
0	Plastic caseful creaks, not as sturdy as senior Ericsson phones
0	No lock-out, price
0	nobelium lock-out, price
0	Temperamental zoom control
0	Temperamental zoom ascertain
0	Little Pricey, Storage
0	Little Pricey, reposition
0	Poor durability, costly to repair, terrible HP customer service experience.
0	Poor durability, costly to fixture, terrible HP customer overhaul experience.
0	Internal flash, Time lag for the trigger
0	Internal flashgun, Time lag for the trigger
0	Underwater housing does not allow full control, not as sharp as most 4 MP cameras
0	Underwater housing does not earmark wide-cut master, not as sharp as most 4 MP cameras
0	Battery life short for today's standards
0	Battery life light for today's standards
0	not a true 3.3 megapixel cam
0	not a truthful 3.3 megapixel cam
1	best phone ive ever had
1	proficient phone ive ever had
0	2x zoom, expensive, a bit slow
0	2x zoom, expensive, a bit slacken
1	Prints wonderully, Warms up quickly
1	Prints wonderully, Warms up apace
0	cost of ink cartridges
0	toll of ink cartridges
0	Doesn't connect to your PC without another $50 purchase.
0	Doesn't connect to your PC without another $fifty purchase.
0	6 hours to charge the batteries!
0	6 hours to commission the batteries!
1	Price, ease of use, AC adapter
1	Price, ease of habit, AC adapter
0	slow
0	obtuse
0	Talk time is decreased (possibly to the new style battery)
0	utter time is decreased (possibly to the Modern style battery)
1	Ultra-compact size, easy operation, cross-platform, good battery life
1	Ultra-compact size, tardily operation, cross-platform, good battery life
0	Regular Cartridges can cost as much as the printer, Scan quality is lacking
0	Regular Cartridges can cost as often as the printer, Scan lineament is lacking
0	It's not a laser, but it doesn't cost as much either.
0	It's not a laser, but it doesn't price as lots either.
0	 The 932C print driver software is not too good. Get the new one!
0	 The 932C print driver software is not too effective. Get the new peerless!
0	Blurred colors, edge spots, see dots/lines
0	smudge colors, edge spots, see dots/lines
0	4x6 pictures are a little difficult to print, my husband has hard time reading menu
0	4x6 impression are a footling difficult to print, my husband has toilsome time reading menu
1	Lots of features, easy to use
1	stacks of features, easy to use
1	no film development, high quality, older generation camera = cheaper
1	no film development, high quality, honest-to-goodness generation camera = cheaper
0	None so far
0	None so FAR
0	stroller a little awkward to close
0	stroller a little awkward to shut
1	Size, shape, weight, color, reception, Internet, voice dialing, talk time and hands-free safety
1	Size, shape, weight, emblazon, reception, Internet, voice dialing, talk time and hands-free guard
0	REALLY should have come with a 16MB card (or better)
0	REALLY should have number with a 16MB card (or well)
1	Easy to operate
1	easygoing to operate
0	Battery requires frequent charging you need a spare battery. Mode dial has broken twice.
0	Battery requires frequent consign you need a spare battery. modality dial has broken twice.
0	Cartridges are quite expensive and not refillable at this time.
0	pickup are quite expensive and not refillable at this meter.
1	Fairly easy to get started, low price.
1	Fairly easy to begin started, low price.
0	Freezes up, Par battery life, Abortion of the timed-profile
0	Freezes up, Par battery animation, Abortion of the timed-profile
0	cannot ring or rung, no txts can be recieved or txts,half hour to load!
0	cannot reverberate or rundle, no txts can be recieved or txts,half hour to onus!
1	Tri-band, Bluetooth, GPRS, Size, Battery Capacity, Vibrating signal
1	Tri-band, Bluetooth, GPRS, Size, Battery Capacity, Vibrating betoken
1	3-in-1 
1	3-in-1 
1	The palm portion works great.
1	The palm helping works great.
1	sometimes makes calls
1	sometimes makes ring
1	No contract's
1	nobelium contract's
0	serial connection, long time between shots, 2x zoom, wasting of battery power, terrible SW bundle
0	serial connection, longsighted time between shots, 2x zoom, cachexy of shelling power, terrible SW bundle
1	Durable, small, holds lots of images, easy to use
1	Durable, small, obtain lots of images, easy to use
0	Poor reception from carrier.
0	miserable reception from carrier.
1	Stylish, Lightweight, small, nice layout
1	Stylish, Lightweight, minor, nice layout
0	photo quality average (when photo blown up)
0	photo quality average (when photo botch up)
0	Constant faded LCD's
0	unremitting faded LCD's
1	IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus assist, Processing/refresh speed, Remote, Price dropping daily.
1	IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus assist, Processing/refresh upper, Remote, Price dismiss daily.
1	Price, 640X480 mode good
1	Price, 640X480 mode estimable
1	Includes a lot of features
1	Includes a spate of features
0	Difficult to use
0	Difficult to utilise
1	The floppy disk, the ease of use, chicks love it.
1	The floppy saucer, the ease of practice, chicks love it.
0	Slim line battery has a short life&#13;&#10;
0	Slim line battery has a unforesightful life&#13;&#10;
1	Dependable and Professional Quality Prints
1	Dependable and Professional quality Prints
1	Keypad layout, basic features
1	Keypad layout, basic boast
1	Speed, print quality, Price
1	Speed, print quality, price
0	Terrible in low light
0	Terrible in low tripping
1	Cool zoom, night shots, lazer focusing, 
1	Cool zoom, night scene, lazer focusing, 
0	Cost, it's big!
0	Cost, it's braggy!
0	 no through the lens viewing at eye piece
0	 no through the lens wake at eye piece
1	no pros at all.
1	no professional at all.
0	Certain options are required.
0	Certain options are expect.
1	Great color quality
1	Great tinge quality
1	Very simple, good quality, and great value.
1	Very simple, thoroughly quality, and great value.
1	Compact, light and easy to open and close
1	Compact, light and easy to spread and close
1	good color, small compact size, simple to use
1	good color, small compact size, simple to usance
0	Frail as a whiff of rose blossom on a spring day.
0	delicate as a whiff of rose blossom on a give day.
0	No bells or whistles.
0	No gong or whistles.
0	Uses batteries quick, takes a while to save pics.
0	Uses batteries quick, strike a while to save pics.
1	Great starter Camara!!  Good quality pictures considering the price!
1	groovy starter Camara!!  Good quality pictures considering the price!
1	Zoom, flash options, rapid shooting mode
1	Zoom, flash options, rapid shooting manner
1	Cheap printer for simple personal use. 
1	Cheap printer for simple personal habit. 
0	A little noisy
0	A niggling noisy
0	difficult to master controls
0	difficult to subdue controls
1	very easy to use; excellent picture quality
1	very easy to use; excellent flick quality
0	small basket, hard to manuveur, didn't always lock in place
0	small basket, hard to manuveur, didn't always ringlet in order
0	Dropped calls are soooo annoying!, bad earpiece, the ring is very quiet
0	Dropped call are soooo galling!, bad earpiece, the ring is very quiet
0	The connection to your mac or pc (twain)
0	The connection to your macintosh or pc (twain)
1	Easy to use, Good documentation, Flash can be turned off, Camera comes with everything necessary to use immediately
1	Easy to use, dear documentation, swank can be wrench off, Camera comes with everything necessary to use immediately
0	Nothing as of yet
0	Nothing as of however
1	Decent quality output, good software
1	comely quality output, good software
1	Awesome color prints
1	Awesome vividness prints
0	Cheap software, eats batteries, easy to accidentally turn on.
0	Cheap software, eats shelling, easy to accidentally turn on.
1	Tiny "go anywhere" 2.1 megapixel camera with superb optics
1	Tiny "spell anywhere" 2.1 megapixel camera with brilliant optics
0	Uses XD which isn't readily available, zoom is in awkward place
0	enjoyment XD which isn't readily available, zoom is in awkward set
1	Good Pics and a good all-around camera, except. . .
1	Good photograph and a good all-around camera, except. . .
1	Easy to use.  Sharp lens.  Very rugged.
1	Easy to manipulation.  Sharp lens.  Very rugged.
1	*Excellent* battery life, lightweight, sensibly sized, easy menu system, java
1	*Excellent* battery living, lightweight, sensibly sized, easy carte system, java
1	very small and light,thumbstick control,backlit keypad, color screen, voice commands
1	very small and unclouded,thumbstick control,backlit keypad, colourize screen, voice commands
0	Bundled software, cost of cartridges
0	Bundled package, cost of cartridges
1	affordable, compact
1	affordable, compress
0	Color choice, aesthitics and general appearance of the phone.
0	Color choice, aesthitics and general appearance of the headphone.
1	Easy to use and lightweight
1	Easy to usance and lightweight
0	Nokia marketing are possibly pushing the packet a little too far....
0	Nokia marketing are possibly advertise the parcel a little too far....
0	software crash all the time, photos would only half print
0	software clash all the meter, photos would only half print
1	Low price, ease of use
1	Low price, ease of apply
1	Quality, speed, quiet
1	Quality, hasten, quiet
1	Quality feel.  Great Features.  Screen quality.  Screen size is perfect.
1	Quality feel.  large Features.  Screen prize.  Screen size is perfect.
1	Inexpensive, high capacity, easy-to-use, lots of features
1	Inexpensive, high capacity, easy-to-use, piles of features
1	excellent pictures, swivel LCD
1	excellent show, swivel LCD
1	Good print quality. Prints fast.  Great for home use.  
1	respectable print quality. Prints fast.  Great for home use.  
1	Inexpensive, easily replaceable cartridges, inexpensive to replace cartridges
1	cheap, easily replaceable cartridges, inexpensive to replace cartridges
0	Difficult On/off switch, short backlight duration, poor reception (service-related?), low memory, unimpressive polyphonic sound .
0	Difficult On/off swap, short backlight continuance, poor reception (service-related?), downcast memory, unimpressive polyphonic sound .
0	&lt;i&gt;Polaroid&lt;/i&gt; no longer manufactures digital cameras.
0	&lt;i&gt;Polaroid&lt;/i&gt; no foresightful manufactures digital camera.
0	Eats 4 AA batteries for breakfast, lunch and dinner and still some!!!
0	Eats tetrad AA batteries for breakfast, lunch and dinner and motionless some!!!
0	Price
0	terms
1	It worked fine during the warranty period
1	It bring fine during the warranty period
1	Flash?
1	tawdry?
0	no optical zoom, small life
0	no visual zoom, small life
0	poor print quality
0	wretched print quality
0	No web feature, hard to use
0	No web feature, hard to exercise
1	Small, swivel lens.
1	belittled, swivel lens.
1	Solid body, the option to go fully manual and great pictures!
1	Solid body, the option to X fully manual and great visualise!
0	discontinued
0	cease
1	Compact, Easy, Excellent Quality Photos
1	Compact, gentle, Excellent Quality Photos
1	Easy to use for the beginner, Functionality for the Pro, and the best exposure system.
1	Easy to purpose for the beginner, Functionality for the Pro, and the advantageously exposure organization.
0	optical viewfinder doesn't match up to the picture
0	optical viewfinder doesn't mates up to the picture
1	Durable, software easy to use, downloading pictures easy.
1	Durable, software easy to use, downloading show easy.
1	Low price, large color prints, up to 11 x 17!
1	Low price, prominent emblazon prints, up to 11 x 17!
1	Outstanding battery life, classy appearance, user friendly, solid case
1	Outstanding battery life, classy appearance, user friendly, strong case
0	Buggy external caller ID Display, slow when dialing numbers sometimes
0	bonkers external caller ID Display, dull when dialing numbers sometimes
1	Megapixels, video mode, infrared option, too many to list!
1	Megapixels, video mode, infrared option, too many to number!
0	Jams easily, won't pick up paper, overheats, and hangs up a lot.
0	Jams easily, won't pick up newspaper, overheats, and knack up a lot.
0	bulky, to short of battery life, confusing sometimes, bad spot for wide angle/zoom control
0	bulky, to forgetful of battery life, confusing sometimes, bad dapple for spacious angle/zoom control
1	Camera, audio recorder, calendar, notes, customizable themes, good reception, clear audio
1	Camera, audio recorder, calendar, greenback, customizable themes, effective reception, clear audio
0	A refurbished model w/ a broken battrey cover & Rogers AT&T GSM coverage.
0	A refurbished manakin w/ a broken battrey covering & Rogers AT&T GSM coverage.
1	Ease of use - speaker phone clarity and a very helpful Sprint customer service.
1	Ease of use - speaker phone clearness and a very helpful Sprint customer help.
1	User-friendly controls, quiet
1	User-friendly controls, unruffled
0	cost of supplies, paper storage is limited
0	cost of supplies, composition storage is limited
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable difficult to notice.
0	Bundled software not user friendly
0	cluster software not user friendly
0	barrel distortion, a little slow shutter lag, fixed lcd viewfinder
0	barrel distortion, a little dumb shutter lag, set lcd viewfinder
1	Small,very easy to use,reception & clarity, 2-way Text messages!!
1	Small,very light to usage,reception & clarity, 2-way Text messages!!
1	Compact size, light-weight, many features, battery life, Two way text messaging.
1	compress size, light-weight, many features, battery life, two way text messaging.
0	Toner smudge/streak
0	toner smudge/streak
0	Durability is questionable, price per page seems high, limited driver support, can't print on both sides of the page
0	Durability is questionable, toll per page seems high, limited driver sustain, can't print on both sides of the Page
1	Low cost, excellent print quality, wonderful customer support.
1	Low cost, excellent print calibre, wonderful customer support.
1	UNBREAKABLE!!!; Plenty of function; Good reception; Compact Size;
1	UNBREAKABLE!!!; Plenty of use; Good reception; Compact Size;
1	Great stroller!  Compact and durable!
1	outstanding stroller!  Compact and durable!
0	Extremely slow when writing to a .tiff
0	Extremely behind when writing to a .tiff
1	Small, easy to operate, good service
1	Small, easy to operate, full service
0	Not much battery life, screen requires constant cleaning, Sony-Ericsson charger plug is crap!
0	Not much battery life, screen requires constant cleaning, Sony-Ericsson charger quid is poop!
0	painfully  unreliable
0	distressingly  unreliable
1	Moderately fast printing, multifunctionality
1	fairly fast printing, multifunctionality
0	Poor access to phone features, GSM coverage, phone sound and camera quality, Bluetooth nonstandard.
0	Poor access to telephone features, GSM coverage, earphone sound and camera quality, Bluetooth nonstandard.
0	small viewing screen
0	small showing screen
0	Bad quality finish. Poor connector to the charger. Drops calls after 15 minutes.
0	regretful quality finish. Poor connective to the charger. Drops calls after 15 minutes.
1	user-friendly, fun, light, easy to follow-instructions
1	user-friendly, fun, light, promiscuous to follow-instructions
1	I love the quality of this camera. 
1	I love the choice of this camera. 
0	Haven't found any yet.
0	Haven't plant any yet.
0	The phone can not edit phone numbers straight from scrolling down the phone book.
0	The phone can not edit phone amount straight from scrolling down the phone leger.
1	Substantial. Perfect entry-level "Pro-sumer" SLR-type digital camera.
1	solid. Perfect entry-level "Pro-sumer" SLR-type digital camera.
0	kinda heavy.
0	kinda intemperate.
0	USB problems; unreliable.
0	USB job; unreliable.
0	Pricey&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Small amount of included memory
0	Pricey&amp;#13;&amp;#10;belittled amount of included retentiveness
1	Extremely small and light
1	Extremely small and spark
0	USB connection often fails, software is a memory hog.
0	USB connection often fails, software is a store hog.
1	Hella Nice Zoom, Uses Disks, Good Quality, Can do motion
1	Hella Nice Zoom, usance disk, Good Quality, Can do motion
0	None
0	none
1	Pretty good zoom, LCD in the view finder is great, cheap, takes night shots
1	Pretty good zoom, LCD in the view finder is great, meretricious, takes night shaft
0	none as of yet
0	none as of however
0	No frills
0	No falderol
1	Pictures are CLEAR and colors are quite VIBRANT! Awesome camera!!
1	show are CLEAR and colors are rather VIBRANT! Awesome camera!!
0	Weak flash, Not the best in &amp;quot;auto&amp;quot; low light
0	Weak flash, Not the well in &amp;quot;auto&amp;quot; blue light
1	Fast
1	quick
0	low resolution
0	low declaration
0	4MB included, eats batteries like no tomorrow, expensive after accessories
0	4MB included, eats battery like no tomorrow, expensive after add-on
0	Paper started to jam in it after three weeks usage.
0	Paper started to jam in it after troika weeks exercise.
0	USB connection to my Mac doesn't work most of the time, Usability design
0	USB connection to my Mac doesn't exercise most of the time, Usability aim
0	can be difficult to hear others who are using certain opposing cell brands
0	can be difficult to hear others who are habituate certain opposing cell firebrand
1	Prints very clean copy!
1	Prints very clean simulate!
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	catch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	Cartridge price
0	Cartridge cost
0	Eats batteries.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;A little on the heavy and big side.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;FocusLock is semi-annoying.
0	rust batteries.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;A minuscule on the heavy and braggy side.&amp;#13;&A;#10;FocusLock is semi-annoying.
1	Small size, easy to use, stylish
1	diminished size, easy to use, stylish
1	IR Port, &quot;Wearability&quot;
1	IR larboard, &quot;Wearability&quot;
1	awesome look,feel and design
1	awesome looking,feel and design
1	Fantastic voice recognition, voice commands, reception, clarity, size.
1	Fantastic voice recognition, voice commands, reception, uncloudedness, size.
1	Camera, internal memory, easy to use, good replacement for my PDA
1	Camera, internal memory, comfortable to use, good alternate for my PDA
1	It is small and light.  Great at cutting off.
1	It is small and light.  dandy at cutting off.
1	compact, affordable, good battery life
1	compact, affordable, unspoilt battery life
1	The Software, When There Is Ink It Actually Will Print, Doesn't Take Up Much Space
1	The Software, When There Is Ink It Actually Will Print, Doesn't shoot improving much Space
1	Great B&amp;amp;W quality, Mac and PC compatible, USB
1	Great bacillus&A;amp;W quality, Mac and PC compatible, USB
0	price tag
0	price dog
1	Very simple to use - east out of box hook up - great software
1	Very bare to use - east out of box hook up - gravid software
1	Great features/price for economically minded. High quality pictures.
1	Great features/price for economically minded. High select pictures.
0	movie-mode has no sound
0	movie-mode has no phone
1	Ink cartridge is refillable, ink last a while, fast and looks good
1	Ink cartridge is refillable, ink concluding a while, fast and looks unspoiled
0	The battery charger adapter makes an annoying high freq sound.
0	The battery charger adapter attain an galling high freq sound.
1	Amazing price! Great performance!
1	Amazing price! peachy performance!
0	Poor quality; no backlight
0	pathetic quality; no backlight
1	Small size, no antenna, good features
1	Small size, no antenna, commodity features
0	Wish the price were lower
0	regard the price were lower
1	It was small
1	It was minor
1	Small, light, durable, great performance - you won't be disappointed
1	Small, lighter, durable, great performance - you won't be disappointed
1	Great text and photo quality on coated and photo paper
1	gravid text and photo lineament on coated and photo paper
0	Screen Light, Battery Life
0	Screen swooning, Battery Life
1	Very versatile--full featured phone and email/web browser all in one at a good price.
1	Very versatile--full featured phone and email/vane browser all in 1 at a practiced price.
1	workhorse
1	workhorse
0	Cheap
0	brassy
1	Attractive, easy to use, great value
1	Attractive, easy to use, majuscule value
1	EASY TO USE First Digital Camera
1	EASY TO habit First Digital Camera
1	Extremely fast printing in Draft/Black mode. 2 sided printing
1	Extremely fast printing in enlist/fatal mode. 2 sided printing
0	Too new for accessories, not a very good signal
0	Too new for accessories, not a very good signalize
1	Visual feedback, 1-button access to features, easy review, sound
1	Visual feedback, 1-button access to sport, easy review, sound
1	Excellent Optics, Easy to use, very powerful, compact.
1	Excellent Optics, Easy to use, very powerful, squeeze.
0	can't find anything negative to say about this printer
0	can't find anything negative to read about this printer
0	text output is not as sharp as some other printers
0	text output is not as keen as some other pressman
0	LCD screen
0	LCD sieve
1	Great quality photos!
1	nifty quality photos!
1	Tiny size, fast startup, it just feels right.
1	Tiny size, fast startup, it just tone right.
0	Battery life SUCKS!!!!
0	Battery life imbibe!!!!
0	Keep your 35mm too
0	livelihood your 35mm too
0	Can't think of any
0	Can't reckon of any
0	Flimsy antenna, could have better reception.
0	Flimsy antenna, could have comfortably reception.
0	Eats batteries, lag in shutter response.
0	chow batteries, lag in shutter response.
0	Unreliable.  Don't buy unless you plan to get a new phone after one year.
0	Unreliable.  Don't buy unless you plan to produce a new phone after 1 year.
1	Good quality pictures, stores on floppy disks
1	Good quality movie, stores on floppy disks
0	slips out of hands occasionally, lacks all the latest features of nowaday phones
0	slips out of manpower occasionally, lack all the latest features of nowaday phones
1	An acutal ring sound, decent display, small/lightweight, good amount of features.
1	An acutal ring sound, decent display, small/lightweight, dependable total of features.
0	Slow photo printing at high-quality resolutions
0	Slow photo printing at high-quality resolution
1	Great zoom and quick response time! Night setting fun!
1	Great zoom and quick response time! Night lay fun!
0	No speakerphone
0	no speakerphone
1	Speedy, quiet, versatile
1	Speedy, smooth, versatile
0	Expensive ink, no legal sized documents, pay for customer support
0	Expensive ink, no legal sized documents, remuneration for customer reenforcement
1	Stylish, Full featured, Intuitive, Customisable
1	Stylish, Full boast, Intuitive, Customisable
1	Speaker phone, light weight, dependable
1	Speaker phone, sluttish weight, dependable
1	Light
1	abstemious
1	5 Megapixel, Carl Zeiss Lens, NightShot, 800 ISO Speed.
1	five Megapixel, Carl Zeiss Lens, NightShot, 800 ISO Speed.
0	USB cable does not come with it.
0	USB cable does not fall with it.
0	may be awkward for some
0	may be inapt for some
0	Chincey construction in earpiece housing causes no earpiece speaker volume; reception can be spotty
0	Chincey construction in earpiece housing reason no earpiece Speaker volume; reception can be spotty
0	Somewhat ugly color
0	passably ugly color
0	Uses lots of ink, a bit noisy, one color ink cartridge rather than individual tanks
0	employment pile of ink, a prick noisy, one color ink cartridge rather than individual tanks
1	Great reception and wonderful display
1	bang-up reception and wonderful display
1	Inexpensive, Small Footprint, Quiet, Fast and Crisp printing.
1	Inexpensive, Small Footprint, Quiet, dissolute and Crisp printing.
0	do NOT get the retractable antenna - get the stubby!
0	do NOT get the retractable antenna - bring the stubby!
1	Great color screen, and speaker phone.
1	nifty color screen, and speaker phone.
1	easy to use, low price, decent quality
1	easy to habit, low price, decent quality
0	Poor print quality, expensive supplies, cheap construction, loud, ink never seems to dry, compatibility issues
0	Poor print quality, expensive supplies, cheap construction, flash, ink never seems to teetotal, compatibility release
1	durable, made for little hands
1	durable, micturate for little hands
0	not getting same functionality as dedicated machines
0	not fix same functionality as dedicated machines
1	Solid phone.  Easy, fun, not too expensive.
1	strong phone.  Easy, fun, not too expensive.
0	It doesn't work anymore.  Tech support people are frustrating.
0	It doesn't work anymore.  Tech patronize people are frustrating.
1	Good Basic Phone, GSM, SMS
1	estimable Basic Phone, GSM, SMS
0	Not the most stylish looking printer, paper input tray weak.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Not the most stylish depend printer, paper input tray infirm.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Compact, easy to use, flexible
1	Compact, easy to use, whippy
1	Good reception, nice width, excellent music and voice quality, decent battery life, 1.3MP camera
1	expert reception, skillful width, excellent music and voice quality, right battery life, 1.3MP camera
1	Cheap, good print quality and usually efficient. Not to mention small.
1	garish, dependable print quality and usually efficient. Not to mention small.
0	Quirky and slow when you need Simple and Fast
0	Quirky and dumb when you need Simple and Fast
0	A bit too heavy and bulky.  Not for a lady's bag obviously.
0	A bit too heavy and bulky.  not for a lady's bagful obviously.
1	easy
1	light
1	Great quality printing for an affordable price.
1	Great tone printing for an affordable price.
1	Super durable. best reception I've seen with great voice clarity. A working mans phone.
1	Super durable. best reception I've experience with great voice clarity. A exercise mans phone.
0	Expensive for weekend photographer, bad low light focus, ISO issues.
0	Expensive for weekend photographer, bad scurvy light focus, ISO upshot.
1	Otherwise, a decent phone.
1	Otherwise, a right phone.
0	Quiet ring tones, GRPS service not available everywhere.
0	Quiet ring smell, GRPS service not available everywhere.
0	Ink runs out quickly if used as copier
0	Ink runs out quickly if use as copier
1	Nice digital features in an inexpensive phone
1	Nice digital features in an cheap phone
1	SMALL EASY TO CARRY
1	SMALL loose TO CARRY
1	It Is A Digital Camera
1	It represent A Digital Camera
0	Limited features, mediocre picture quality, low memory.
0	bound features, mediocre picture quality, low memory.
0	buy a battery for every photo you plan on taking, don't plan on the photos being very good
0	corrupt a battery for every photo you plan on convey, don't program on the photos being very good
1	Voice dialing, easy to use interface, lots of features
1	Voice dialing, easy to use interface, hatful of features
1	Lightweight, small, over 5 days of battery life.
1	Lightweight, small, over quintuplet days of battery life.
1	4 functions, 
1	4 role, 
0	Nothing is perfect
0	cypher is perfect
0	Very slow copier
0	really slow copier
0	Hasn't found yet.
0	Hasn't regain yet.
1	Ease of use, quality of pictures
1	Ease of use, quality of photo
0	none
0	none
0	The drum kit burns light weight glossy paper, too high of heat.
0	The drum kit burns illumination weight showy paper, too high of heat.
0	Flimsy ... looks like a prize out of a Cracker jack box
0	slight ... looks like a pillage out of a Cracker jack box
0	None
0	none
0	I work for HP (just joking)
0	I sour for HP (just joking)
0	Problems with thick paper stock
0	Problems with midst paper stock
0	the plastic screen is easy to be broken
0	the pliant screen is easy to be broken
0	Need GOOD lighting for pictures
0	Need dependable lighting for pictures
0	price
0	toll
1	no antenna, bright blue light when the face is off. cheap
1	no antenna, shining gentle light when the face is off. cheap
0	None
0	none
0	Heavy battery drain when LCD on, use rechargeables for best economy.
0	Heavy battery drain when LCD on, use rechargeables for just saving.
0	A bit pricey
0	A bit pricy
0	None
0	none
1	size and weight
1	size and weighting
0	Slow Reaction Time, Voice Recognition
0	Slow Reaction Time, interpreter Recognition
1	Nice looking, small, light
1	Nice reckon, small, light
0	No Flash, No Picture Preview screen, Pictures are stored in RAM
0	No flaunt, No word-painting Preview screen, Pictures are stored in RAM
0	None
0	none
1	Print Quality is excellent, fairly fast
1	Print Quality is excellent, reasonably fast
0	Bad reception & no clock while locked.
0	speculative reception & no clock while locked.
0	Sometimes you'll miss having a viewfinder.
0	Sometimes you'll pretermit having a viewfinder.
0	No legitimate complaints - one warning. See full review for details.
0	No legitimate ill - one warning. picture full review for details.
0	High Operating Cost; Average Resolution; Slow
0	heights Operating Cost; Average Resolution; Slow
0	battery life with LCD turned on, lack of real zoom,  battery compartment
0	battery biography with LCD plow on, lack of real zoom,  battery compartment
1	Direct connect, internet capable, download games, voice recording, etc
1	verbatim connect, internet capable, download games, voice recording, etc
0	Some features are not entirely user-friendly
0	Some features are not totally user-friendly
1	Syncs with Outlook, decent navigation, size, weight
1	sync with Outlook, decent navigation, size, weight
0	2x zoom, uses expensive 2CR5 lithium batteries
0	2x zoom, uses expensive 2CR5 lithium barrage
0	Snags about 27% of memory resources with the different drivers that sits in resident memory.
0	Snags about xxvii% of memory resources with the different driver that sits in resident retentiveness.
1	It is convienant for transporting a newborn
1	It is convienant for carry a newborn
1	takes great photos and very easy to hook up to computer
1	takes slap-up photos and very easy to abstract up to computer
1	Great photos&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Don't have to worry about film&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Takes pictures right out of the box
1	Great photo&amp;#13;&amp;#ten;Don't have to worry about film&amp;#13;&amp;#10;shoot depict right out of the box
0	look at the HP 880/882 also great
0	reckon at the HP 880/882 also great
0	doesn't focus well, electrical problems at rotating lens, poor ergonomics, useless &amp;quot;features&amp;quot;
0	doesn't nidus well, electrical problems at rotating lens, pitiable ergonomics, useless &amp;quot;feature&amp;quot;
1	picture phone, fast charging, camera easy to use, lasted 2 years
1	picture earphone, fast charging, camera prosperous to use, lasted 2 years
1	accessories
1	add-on
0	No face protection, have to manually set clock and date, weird email setup.
0	No expression protection, have to manually dictated clock and date, weird email setup.
0	&lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;USB cable NOT included&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;; Noisy startup and shutdown; Color quality NOT the greatest.
0	&lt;i&gt;&lt;bacillus&gt;USB cablegram NOT included&lt;/B&gt;&lt;/i&gt;; Noisy startup and shutdown; Color calibre NOT the swell.
0	Ink usage is a high.  Rear paper jams.
0	Ink usage is a high.  rump paper jams.
1	Price 
1	cost 
0	No optical viewfinder.  A bit bulky. 
0	No optical viewfinder.  A number bulky. 
0	poor image quality; poor battery life; no zoom
0	poor envision quality; poor battery life; no zoom
0	Annoying Paper Tray
0	chafe Paper Tray
1	Fast, inexpensive, easy to use!
1	Fast, inexpensive, easy to exercise!
0	No zoom.  Screen is hard to clean.  
0	No zoom.  test is hard to clean.  
1	sturdy, handles very well, easy to fold up, fully reclinable, stylish.
1	sturdy, handles very comfortably, easily to fold up, fully reclinable, stylish.
0	Reception, slim on features, menu, battery indicator misleading
0	Reception, slenderize on features, menu, battery indicator misleading
1	Lots of features for a relatively good price. Better signal strength with decent battery life.
1	draw of features for a relatively good price. Better signal lastingness with decent battery liveliness.
1	Workhorse disguised as a cool techie toy
1	Workhorse disguised as a cool techie fiddle
0	2 pixels not good for printing large photos out
0	2 pixels not good for printing bombastic photos out
1	Very fast
1	Very quick
0	cost a lot
0	cost a batch
1	Easy to use. Amazing video clips, with audio.
1	Easy to use. vex video clips, with audio.
0	flash adjustment
0	wink adjustment
1	Looks way too good...
1	Looks way too right...
1	small size, easy to upload photos
1	small size, loose to upload photos
1	10x zoom, lots of user controls, easy on batteries
1	10x zoom, circumstances of user controls, easy on batteries
0	minor.
0	pocket-size.
0	Less Nice to the Wallet and Ear
0	LE Nice to the Wallet and Ear
1	Very Lighweight, Sturdy, Folds up small
1	Very Lighweight, Sturdy, Folds up diminished
1	Small, quiet, simple to operate, pretty decent customer service.
1	Small, quiet, simple to operate, pretty decorous customer service.
1	Great printer
1	Great pressman
1	Much like my old Nokia 3360 that I was happy with. Great new features too!
1	Much care my old Nokia 3360 that I was happy with. heavy new characteristic too!
0	expensive ink and paper
0	expensive ink and theme
0	Small paper capacity
0	Small paper capability
0	No zoom
0	No surge
0	Small LCD screen, short battery life
0	minor LCD screen, short battery life
0	Fragile software, mediocre reception, low earpiece volume, hard-to-read display
0	Fragile software, mediocre reception, low earpiece mass, hard-to-read display
0	Shutter lag, manual focus difficult, no CF space indicator
0	Shutter interim, manual focus difficult, no CF space indicator
1	The battery life is great.
1	The battery life is smashing.
0	volume is too soft, lots of dropped calls, undue static, and lack of features
0	volume is too soft, piles of dropped vociferation, undue static, and lack of features
0	Doesn't have a speakerphone or Bluetooth technology
0	Doesn't have a speakerphone or Bluetooth engineering
0	duplex feature extremely slow
0	duplex feature extremely retard
0	Have to buy a vibrating battery.
0	Have to bargain a vibrating battery.
0	No Web Access, limited selection on ringtones and graphics
0	No Web admission, limited selection on ringtones and graphics
0	Price is a little bit, not too bad though, especially after the rebate.
0	Price is a footling mo, not too bad though, especially after the rebate.
1	crazily durable. NEVER breaks. pretty, cheesy graphics. think flowers and sunny skies.
1	insanely durable. NEVER breaks. pretty, cheesy graphics. believe flowers and sunny skies.
1	Features, Size, Memory Stick capacity
1	Features, Size, Memory peg capacity
1	Inexpensive
1	inexpensive
0	No optical zoom, no high speed com port
0	No optical zoom, no luxuriously speed com port
1	clarity, ease of use, cool "kinda" new look
1	clarity, ease of habituate, cool "kinda" new look
0	Has to lock keys to avoid dialing if you put it in your purse.
0	Has to interlock keys to avoid dialing if you invest it in your purse.
1	Cheap, Great Quality, USB
1	Cheap, corking Quality, USB
0	Jams with specialty paper; uses ink quickly; just average for text
0	Jams with specialisation paper; US ink quickly; just average for text
1	great quality for the price
1	majuscule quality for the price
1	Excellent photo quality, reasonably fast printer
1	Excellent photo quality, fairly fast printer
1	Small, Wearable, lightweight
1	Small, habiliment, lightweight
0	Same as all digital cameras - battery life and LCD unreadable in full sun 
0	Same as all digital cameras - battery aliveness and LCD unreadable in wide-cut sun 
1	Very economical, clearly printed pages
1	Very economical, clearly printed pageboy
0	get good at red eye touchup but this is the ONLY con
0	commence good at Bolshevik eye touchup but this is the ONLY con
1	Small size, calendar, phone book, e-mail, web browser, IR port, Bluetooth, battery life
1	Small size, calendar, phone book, e-mail, web browser, Ir interface, Bluetooth, battery life
1	Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
1	Has all Palm purpose; interesting conversation piece
1	Awesome photographic quality. Good speed for basic printing. Two cartridge slots.
1	Awesome photographic quality. safe speed for canonical printing. Two cartridge slots.
0	Better printers for just a little more
0	Better pressman for just a little more
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery spirit, clear display, expansible memory, bluetooth.
0	still a ways to go on the voice recognition technology, batt. life, volume
0	however a ways to break on the voice recognition technology, batt. life, volume
1	Great prints
1	Great publish
0	Color printing and time span per printed page
0	Color printing and time twosome per printed page
1	A 4-Megapixel Camera at a low price!
1	A 4-Megapixel Camera at a low damage!
0	price, bulky design, memory hogging drivers
0	price, bulky plan, memory hogging drivers
0	So light it feels a little flimsy; LCD could be larger (only 1.5")
0	thence light it feels a niggling flimsy; LCD could be larger (only 1.5")
0	AC power adapter is poorly designed
0	AC exponent adapter is poorly designed
0	open face allows it to get smashed
0	open face allows it to father smashed
0	No flash, no lock for shutter button,
0	No garish, no lock for shutter button,
0	Price, accessory prices
0	terms, accessory prices
1	Lots of features, easy operation...
1	luck of features, easy operation...
1	Easy to use.  Floppy's go straight from camera to PC for editing &amp; emailing.
1	well-situated to use.  Floppy's go straight from camera to PC for editing &amp; e-mail.
1	Durable-dropped it at least 23 times and still kicking, small
1	Durable-dropped it at least 23 clock and stock-still kicking, small
0	When printing a color picture, it will fade the edges a bit
0	When printing a color envision, it will fade the butt a bit
1	Under $200, Great Photo quality, great text
1	Under $200, Great Photo timbre, great text
0	Viewfinder not very accurate, LCD display hard to see in high sunlight conditions
0	Viewfinder not very accurate, LCD display hard to check in high sunlight consideration
0	No view finder
0	No regard finder
1	Unsurpassed quality for pictures
1	Unsurpassed quality for image
1	Nice, small, and easy to carry around!
1	Nice, small, and gentle to carry around!
0	No on/off button, no telephone/fax button. Poor color fidelity in copy mode. 
0	No on/off button, no telephone/fax button. wretched color fidelity in replicate mode. 
0	It doesn't print with quality.
0	IT doesn't print with quality.
1	stylish, cool sound effects, and small, clear crisp pictures
1	stylish, cool sound effects, and small, absolved crisp pictures
0	needs better PC synching & Graphic software, Faulty battery indicator
0	motivation better PC synching & Graphic software, Faulty battery indicator
0	Only 2x zoom. Only 8MB card included.
0	solitary 2x zoom. Only 8MB card included.
0	Not Much
0	non Much
0	Not extremely fast
0	Not extremely truehearted
0	If you have an old computer you'll need to special order the parallel adapter.
0	If you have an old computer you'll motivation to special order the collimate adapter.
1	Good colour, lowest price megapixel camera
1	skilful colour, lowest price megapixel camera
0	Quality
0	lineament
0	No standard ringer, can not assign caller-id images, vibrates while being charged, no speakerphone
0	No criterion ringer, can not assign caller-id images, vibrates while being point, no speakerphone
0	No audible beep when keys are pressed for accessing voice mail, etc...
0	No audible toot when keys are pressed for accessing voice send, etc...
0	How to get it fixed. I'd still like to know.
0	How to cause it fixed. I'd still wish to know.
1	Speed,ease of use, wide zoom range
1	hotfoot,ease of use, wide zoom range
0	Seems quite delicate.
0	Seems quite ticklish.
0	Breaks easily. Very, Very poor quality on anything other than plain black text.
0	fault easily. Very, Very poor quality on anything other than plain smutty text.
1	good quality pictures and movie clips
1	good quality scene and movie clips
1	Extemely small, carry it everywhere, Inexpensive, Good quality images (1024x768)
1	Extemely small, gestate it everywhere, Inexpensive, secure quality images (1024x768)
0	Battery, pictures require ext camera, 10 char for names, volume/vibrate not separate settings
0	Battery, pictures require ext camera, 10 char for names, intensity/vibrate not separate mount
0	expensive ink
0	expensive ink
1	Ease of Use
1	informality of Use
1	Speed, low noise level, auto cartridge alignment, overall construction
1	Speed, broken noise level, auto cartridge alignment, overall construction
1	very good reception, easy to use, battery life is great
1	very unspoilt reception, easy to use, bombardment life is great
0	Needs longer battery life
0	Needs longer battery animation
1	Affordable, compact, detailed LCD screen
1	affordable, compact, detailed LCD screen
1	Solid feel; great style; large display; quality mic and speakers; the perfect phone with bling
1	strong feel; great style; large display; choice mic and speakers; the hone phone with bling
0	drains batteries in a hurry, no AC adapter available to purchase separately
0	drains batteries in a zip, no actinium adapter available to purchase separately
0	Chronic battery issues with this model
0	Chronic battery cut with this model
1	Inexpensive, easy-to-use printer for casual printing
1	Inexpensive, easy-to-use printer for effortless printing
0	none so far!
0	none so Interahamwe!
0	No apps. included
0	nobelium apps. included
1	Clear connection, long battery life, attractive.
1	Clear connection, long battery biography, attractive.
1	Smooth ride, pneumatic tires, easy to steer, and holds child up to 50 lbs
1	Smooth ride, pneumatic tires, well-heeled to steer, and oblige child up to 50 lbs
0	None
0	none
0	Poor shutter lag, bulky, battery hog
0	Poor shutter lag, bulky, battery pig
1	Can't think of one
1	Can't suppose of one
1	Lightweight, easy to use
1	Lightweight, easy to utilization
0	Printer is larger then most inkjets. High price of replacement Ink Carts. 
0	Printer is larger then most inkjets. eminent price of alternate Ink Carts. 
0	High Battery Usage
0	high Battery Usage
1	High Resolution, compact, affordable
1	High Resolution, constrict, affordable
1	Lots of features
1	mickle of features
1	Inexpensive, good for infrequent use
1	Inexpensive, good for infrequent exercise
1	Looks good on the outside
1	Looks sound on the outside
0	low battery life, terrible volume, ringer sounds gross
0	lowly battery life, terrible volume, ringer sounds gross
0	short battery life when using bluetooth...or camera.
0	little battery life when using bluetooth...or camera.
1	Lightweight, Sturdy, Good sound quality, internet access.
1	Lightweight, stalwart, Good sound quality, internet access.
0	horrible sound quality. bad speaker phone. when calls are dropped it won't hang up.
0	horrible sound quality. bad speaker headphone. when calls are dangle it won't hang up.
0	No shutter speed or aperture control.
0	No shutter speed or aperture ascertain.
0	screen too small
0	screen too low
1	Small, light weight, sleek, dual LCDs, solid construction, large screen.
1	Small, light weight, sleek, two-fold LCDs, solid construction, large cover.
0	Large, paper feed problems
0	Large, paper flow problems
1	Colored screen, built in camera, looks elegant, tri-band and MMS capable
1	Colored screen, establish in camera, face elegant, tri-band and MMS capable
1	Size, powerful features
1	size, powerful features
1	Easy to use, cheap, doesn't gobble ink, cartridges are easy to load, quality pictures
1	soft to use, cheap, doesn't gobble ink, magazine are easy to load, quality pictures
0	The atomic flash, memory
0	The atomic winkle, memory
0	Short Battery Life, Bad sound quality
0	Short Battery Life, Bad vocalise quality
0	Slow to open and close
0	Slow to open and closemouthed
0	Short battery life, few advanced features.
0	Short battery life, few raise features.
0	Price, text messaging, and whiskers (see review)
0	Price, text messaging, and whiskers (meet review)
1	Ummm none?
1	Ummm none?
1	At current prices, a great deal. Sharp, fast and flexible. View A Sample!
1	At current prices, a large deal. Sharp, fast and flexible. prospect A Sample!
0	about .5mb of internal memory, battery &amp; CF doors are hard to open/close
0	about .5mb of internal memory, battery &amp; CF doors are tough to open/conclude
1	very easy to use and everything came in one kit 
1	very easy to use and everything number in i kit 
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
0	the Key start to skuff the body, bad design.
0	Drains batteries faster than other digital cameras.
0	Drains batteries flying than other digital cameras.
1	Beautiful screen.
1	Beautiful sieve.
0	Heads need cleaning every time I use it, wasting ink., Paper jams.
0	Heads need houseclean every time I utilization it, wasting ink., Paper jams.
1	light, sleek, voice dialing!  Makes Kirks communicator look like a pay phone.
1	light, sleek, voice dialing!  piss Kirks communicator search like a pay phone.
0	frys brain, not too good inside of thick walls.
0	frys brain, not too secure inside of thick walls.
1	4 in 1 all you need.........
1	4 in 1 all you involve.........
0	Battery Life is so so, Size of supplied flash card.
0	Battery Life is so so, size of supplied winkle card.
0	Problems with  single envelope feed
0	problem with  single envelope feed
0	Only keeps length of a single phone call in memory. (not always a big deal)
0	Only keeps length of a single telephone Call in memory. (not always a braggart deal)
0	Antenna is flimsy.
0	Antenna is onionskin.
1	Lots of great features.
1	Lots of bully features.
1	Have not really found any I could say
1	ingest not really found any I could say
0	Noisy, does not allow for stiff copy.
0	Noisy, does not allow for stiffly copy.
0	No AC Adapter included. 
0	No AC Adapter include. 
1	Great having a phone and Plam in one; great battery life!
1	bully having a phone and Plam in 1; great battery life!
1	Large, see-thru flip, Durability, Time-tested design, & Price
1	Large, see-thru flip-flop, Durability, Time-tested design, & Price
0	simplistic functions, decently priced
0	simplistic affair, decently priced
0	Same problems that all cell phones have, but also a volume-selection problem
0	Same problems that all cell phone have, but also a volume-selection job
1	Price, 2.1 megapixels, very easy to use
1	Price, 2.1 megapixels, very easy to consumption
1	Solidly built, smooth ride, folds nicely
1	Solidly built, smooth ride, flock nicely
1	Excellent print quality and ease of use.
1	Excellent print quality and ease of utilize.
0	None yet!
0	None however!
1	Great layout, good speakerphone, nice included apps
1	Great layout, full speakerphone, nice included apps
0	Sometimes frustrating 
0	Sometimes baffle 
0	zooms into only one part of the picture
0	zooms into only one section of the picture
1	easy to use
1	gentle to use
0	Low battery life
0	Low battery animation
0	Still looking
0	Still wait
0	Expensive initial investment
0	Expensive initial investiture
0	needs vibrating ring mode
0	motivation vibrating ring mode
1	Simple setup, easy to use
1	Simple setup, easy to exercise
1	Great photos for the price, easy to use, sturdy
1	Great photos for the damage, easy to use, sturdy
0	LEMON when it comes to where you charge the phone causing you to LOSE everything!!
0	LEMON when it amount to where you rush the phone make you to LOSE everything!!
0	None
0	none
0	Small Screen.
0	Small cover.
1	Size, design, Pop-Port, easy interface, FM radio
1	Size, designing, Pop-Port, easy interface, FM radio
0	Size, Price
0	size, Price
0	Can't put cool looking covers on it. Short talk time w/o bigger battery
0	Can't put cool looking covers on it. Short speak time w/o grown battery
1	Easy to use feature loaded.
1	Easy to use feature dilute.
0	Can't get cool ring tones, text messaging, or cool graphics
0	Can't stimulate cool ring inflect, text messaging, or cool graphics
0	Usually it doesn't
0	ordinarily it doesn't
1	Small enough to carry in your pocket, good image quality, stylish
1	lowly enough to carry in your pocket, good image tone, stylish
0	manufacturing problem
0	construct problem
1	Sleek, lightweight
1	Sleek, jackanapes
0	Expensive...
0	expensive...
0	Poor Fuji support and very fragile camera.
0	Poor Fuji sustenance and very fragile camera.
0	Time update issues, small buttons, talk-time battery life, speakerphone bugs, Verizon blocks
0	Time update emerge, small push, talk-time battery life, speakerphone bugs, Verizon blocks
1	Compact and intuitive
1	thick and intuitive
0	must use Canon paper
0	must expend Canon paper
1	5 megapixels, 8X zoom (35-280 mm), nikon quality and reliability
1	v megapixels, 8X zoom (35-280 mm), nikon timbre and reliability
0	Not compatable with Windows NT
0	non compatable with Windows NT
0	Batteries bad
0	Batteries badly
1	awesome
1	awing
0	expensive ink cartridges.
0	expensive ink cartridge.
1	Great pictures!!
1	slap-up pictures!!
0	Questionable quality and occasional smudging.
0	Questionable character and occasional smudging.
1	Extremely lightweight, cute and ALWAYS has a signal!
1	exceedingly lightweight, cute and ALWAYS has a signal!
1	Cheap - Lots of features for the price
1	Cheap - Lots of lineament for the price
1	Fast.  Photo quality.  Looks cool, too.
1	degenerate.  Photo quality.  Looks cool, too.
0	Screen visibility, Ringer volume, Signal strength
0	Screen visibility, Ringer volume, Signal forcefulness
0	na
0	Na
0	Videos are not clear if dark and in highest resolution is limited to 30 secs.
0	Videos are not top if moody and in highest resolution is trammel to 30 secs.
0	poor in low light without flash
0	poor in low light without flare
1	prints without jamming
1	prints without obturate
0	Horrible, horrible autofocus. Majority of images are blurry.
0	ugly, horrible autofocus. Majority of images are blurry.
0	large size
0	turgid size
0	the first one lasted 3 weeks before the jack went out
0	the first I lasted 3 weeks before the diddly-shit went out
0	none
0	none
1	inexpensive, doesn't take up much space
1	inexpensive, doesn't train up much space
1	fast, quiet and great quality print
1	fast, quiet and groovy quality print
0	Shape takes a bit of getting used to.
0	Shape takes a bit of mother used to.
1	Neat speaker phone, great buttons, excellent sound, amazing battery life.
1	Neat speaker phone, great buttons, excellent vocalise, amazing battery living.
1	Great screen, good features, sharp design. Tons of customizability.
1	Great screenland, good features, sharp design. Tons of customizability.
0	LCD screen eats batteries. Included memory card is small.
0	LCD screen eats batteries. Included memory card is humble.
0	Reception, Ringing Tone Volume, Battery Life
0	Reception, Ringing modulate Volume, Battery Life
0	not great for printing pictures
0	not corking for printing pictures
1	Great Value for the Price
1	heavy Value for the Price
1	Great reception, dual-band, good battery life.
1	Great reception, dual-band, goodness battery life.
1	This printer is very affordable and the ink cartridges are easy to install.
1	This printer is very affordable and the ink magazine are loose to install.
1	versatility; durability
1	versatility; enduringness
0	None
0	none
1	Extremely high detail, very fast.
1	Extremely high-pitched detail, very fast.
1	Lightweight, excellent colors, sharpness, external flash hotshoe
1	Lightweight, excellent colouration, sharpness, external flash hotshoe
1	excellent pictures even in low light, fast
1	excellent pictures yet in low light, fast
1	speed, $ for ink refills and price
1	swiftness, $ for ink refills and price
1	The next generation in convergent audio technology
1	The following generation in convergent audio technology
1	Excellent images, easy to use, tons of accessories
1	splendid images, easy to use, tons of accessories
0	Battery usage
0	Battery use
1	none
1	none
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to habit
0	no frills (like WAP), strange rings
0	no frills (like WAP), strange telephone
1	Easy to use, flat bed scanner, very quiet, plenty of options.
1	Easy to utilise, monotone bed scanner, very quiet, plenty of options.
0	bad image quality, not much difference in terms of service, extra money for image transferring
0	speculative icon quality, not much difference in terms of service, redundant money for image transferring
0	No case or lenscap teather.
0	No fount or lenscap teather.
1	Modern Design, Small Size, best 2.1 Megapixel Digital Camera for its size &amp;amp; price.  USB connector for fast uploads.
1	Modern project, minuscule Size, proficient 2.unity Megapixel Digital Camera for its size &amp;amp; price.  USB connector for fast uploads.
0	Expensive and LOTS of redeye when using flash
0	Expensive and peck of redeye when using flash
1	Good for the electronically challenged, Low Cost, Great Software, 
1	dear for the electronically challenged, Low Cost, Great Software, 
0	Menu system can be a bit confusing, only comes with 8 megs of flash.
0	Menu system can be a bit befuddle, only number with 8 megs of flash.
1	All-in-one Communicator, GPRS support, and convenient keyboard
1	All-in-one Communicator, GPRS reinforcement, and convenient keyboard
0	vibrate, voice name dialing
0	vibrate, sound name dialing
1	good resolution and features for the price
1	well resolution and features for the price
0	None!
0	none!
0	uphill learning curve, for an old SLR guy
0	uphill con curve, for an old SLR guy
0	need larger paper tray and better driver to set your own defaults 
0	need bigger theme tray and better driver to set your own defaults 
1	Voice recording is great.
1	Voice recording is groovy.
0	ink is expensive, 
0	ink is expensive, 
0	Color is used up fast
0	Color is victimized up fast
1	Reliable and  TOUGH!  Performs to Specs.
1	Reliable and  TOUGH!  Performs to glasses.
0	Too big for a pocket, no built-in vibrate
0	overly big for a pocket, no built-in vibrate
1	Ease of use, price
1	Ease of role, price
1	Picture quality, small, light.
1	figure quality, small, light.
0	Battery life is short
0	Battery life is curt
0	Cost; battery life; size; annoying rings
0	Cost; battery life; size; annoying border
1	Looks cool-
1	front cool-
0	Reception, small non-indiglo screen, no fancy shmancies like nokia, seems too toyish
0	Reception, small non-indiglo filmdom, no visualise shmancies like nokia, seems too toyish
0	toner cartridge problems - gray background after 500-750 pages new machine
0	toner cartridge problems - gray-haired background after 500-750 foliate new machine
1	Feels great in hand, looks handsome, great talk quality, clear display
1	Feels great in hand, feel handsome, heavy talk quality, clear display
1	A beautiful, feature loaded phone that is fun to use and easy to handle.
1	A beautiful, feature loaded sound that is play to use and easy to handle.
1	Easy to use and small
1	Easy to apply and small
1	Ease of use, Strudy, Convient
1	Ease of utilisation, Strudy, Convient
1	Simple enough for any nitwit to set up (myself included) 
1	mere enough for any nitwit to localise up (myself included) 
0	compact size sometimes a problem, can have battery door problems
0	pack size sometimes a problem, can have battery threshold problems
1	Turns a mere mortal into a professional caliber photographer...easily!
1	go a mere mortal into a professional bore photographer...easily!
0	I'm afraid to drop it or bump it against anything, small keys
0	I'm afraid to discharge it or bump it against anything, small headstone
0	none yet
0	none nevertheless
0	unreliable, expensive
0	undependable, expensive
1	great durable camera , swival head, AA batteries
1	slap-up durable camera , swival head, AA batteries
1	Excellent picture quality, very affordable, great in every way
1	Excellent video quality, very affordable, great in every way
1	Price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quality of print&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of setup
1	Price&amp;#13;&amp;#decade;select of print&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easiness of setup
0	No optical zoom
0	No visual zoom
0	Zoom is mixed optical/digital
0	Zoom is ruffle optical/digital
1	Awesome Print Quality, Extremely Easy to Use, Not that Expensive
1	Awesome Print Quality, Extremely slowly to manipulation, Not that Expensive
0	red-eye
0	red-eye
1	high speed printing, clear photos, inexpensive ink cartridge
1	high speed printing, crystallize photos, inexpensive ink cartridge
1	Good speakerphone, good reception in most areas.
1	Good speakerphone, dear reception in most areas.
1	Great lens, 3.3mp resolution, 3x optical zoom, manual functions.
1	peachy lens, 3.3mp resolution, 3x optical zoom, manual procedure.
1	take up less space than a regular double stroller
1	lease up less space than a regular double stroller
0	Not as comfy for newborns
0	not as comfy for newborns
0	Hmmm..... No cons come to mind !
0	Hmmm..... No con come to mind !
1	High Quality, Drivers Easily Loaded, Toner Saver Feature
1	High Quality, Drivers Easily adulterate, Toner Saver Feature
1	Great zoom, red eye reduction
1	Great zoom, loss eye reduction
1	small and easy to use
1	small and easy to employment
0	need lots of addons like batteries and lenses to make it great
0	need lots of addons like batteries and lenses to realize it large
1	two-sided printing feature
1	two-sided printing boast
1	Easy graphic interface, comes with a vibrating battery, loud voice volume
1	Easy graphic interface, do with a resonate battery, loud voice volume
0	none
0	none
0	May be too compact.  Not a camera for a person with large hands
0	May be too compact.  Not a camera for a person with gravid reach
1	When the printer prints - it's great.
1	When the printer prints - it's enceinte.
0	A bit hard to load more than a dozen sheets of paper.
0	A fleck toilsome to load more than a dozen sheets of paper.
1	Wonderful reception, portable
1	Wonderful receipt, portable
0	Lowlight camera performance, slow menu navigation, quality of movie mode, sliding camera cover, battery life
0	Lowlight camera performance, slow fare navigation, quality of movie mode, sliding camera covert, bombardment life
1	Light, "web-enabled", email, universal headset, nice timers/alarms
1	lightness, "web-enabled", email, universal headset, nice timers/alarms
0	No included AC adapter, low optical zoom, weak action shots
0	No included AC adapter, low optical zoom, imperfect action scene
1	Featured-Packed and Oh So Small!
1	Featured-Packed and Ohio So Small!
1	prints  kinda fast
1	prints  kinda debauched
1	Affordable, 3x optical zoom, excellent 4x6 prints without film
1	Affordable, 3x optical whizz, excellent 4x6 prints without film
0	Very slow on 1200 dpi
0	Very wearisome on 1200 dpi
0	Setup could be easier, Software not up to date, Color pictures take about a minute to print
0	Setup could be easier, Software not up to date, vividness pictures convey about a minute to publish
0	Kinda blocky and non-ergonomic
0	rather blocky and non-ergonomic
1	Very sleek look; quality build
1	identical sleek look; quality build
1	Small, Color, Excellent reception, Changable backgrounds, and ringers.  Games. Expensive!!
1	Small, coloration, Excellent reception, Changable desktop, and ringers.  Games. Expensive!!
0	pictures have small, little lines through them, and pricey.
0	scene have small, little lines through them, and pricey.
0	Stroller is kind of heavy.
0	Stroller is kind of grueling.
1	samll foot print, low initial price
1	samll foot print, depressed initial price
0	If you don't like reading instructions, some things take time to figure out.
0	If you don't like reading instruction, some things require time to figure out.
0	Not enough backlight settings, Charges sporadically or not at all without meticulous attention.
0	Not enough backlight mount, commove sporadically or not at all without meticulous attention.
0	Turns itself off occasionally
0	round itself off occasionally
0	Knob breaks off, and repair exceeds cost of new camera.
0	Knob erupt off, and repair exceeds cost of newly camera.
0	easy to brake, not childproof 
0	easily to brake, not childproof 
1	Features
1	have
1	It's color, I got it free after rebates at Verizon. Has features
1	It's colouring, I got it free after rebates at Verizon. Has sport
1	slim, voice recognition, affordable
1	slim, vocalize recognition, affordable
1	Rugged, good looking, nice LCD display, reasonable on batteries, smartcard media is handy
1	furrowed, unspoilt looking, nice LCD display, reasonable on batteries, smartcard media is handy
0	None
0	none
0	Comes only a wrist strap; a neck strap would be better
0	Comes only a wrist strap; a neck flog would be upright
1	Lightweight, easy use, versatile, great quality photography
1	whippersnapper, easy use, versatile, great quality photography
1	Four Megapixel, fast lens, tilt and swivel display, RAW output
1	Four Megapixel, fast lens, joust and swivel display, unsanded output
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, prints clean fast...
1	Inexpensive, easy to utilise, prints clean fast...
1	Reliable,good range,excellent pictures, mid-range price
1	Reliable,practiced range,excellent pictures, mid-range price
0	Have to remember to flip the flash up - no big deal
0	experience to remember to flip the flash up - no boastful deal
1	WEB CAPABILITY,TIP FIGURING, CALCULATOR
1	WEB CAPABILITY,baksheesh FIGURING, CALCULATOR
0	Cartridges dry out quickly and are expensive.  Some driver problems in XP.
0	Cartridges ironical out quickly and are expensive.  Some driver job in XP.
1	Good looking, VERY small, great pictures
1	Good reckon, VERY small, great pictures
1	Extensive manual control option, good photo quality
1	blanket manual control option, good photo quality
1	For $20, its a great price. 
1	For $20, its a bully price. 
1	none
1	none
0	not supported for B&amp;amp;W G3 or OS10
0	not tolerate for barn&amp;amp;W G3 or OS10
0	Heavy, Digital Camera quality not as expected
0	impenetrable, Digital Camera quality not as expected
0	internal antenna (can that be a con?)
0	internal antenna (can that be a flimflam?)
0	Noise, noise, noise
0	randomness, noise, noise
0	Is pricey, bottom basket is an additional charge.
0	Is pricey, bottom basket is an additional shoot.
0	no sound in the movie mode
0	no audio in the movie mode
0	nothing bad about it
0	cypher bad about it
0	Battery life is weak. (Recommend Buying Rechargeable) Small memory card 
0	Battery life-time is weak. (Recommend Buying Rechargeable) Small memory placard 
0	Screen, Reliability Issues, Marginal Battery Life, Joystick
0	Screen, Reliability supply, Marginal Battery Life, Joystick
1	style, weight, appearance
1	style, weight, show
0	Umm...... ummm......... it wasn't out sooner?
0	Umm...... ummm......... it wasn't out Oklahoman?
1	Intuitive, fantastic ergonomics, strong email support, good speakerphone, good browser, easy to read display.
1	Intuitive, wonderful ergonomics, strong email support, good speakerphone, dependable browser, easy to read display.
0	Lack of external memory. Cannot record video.
0	Lack of external memory. Cannot disc video.
0	lousy menus, horrible keys, overpriced, crappy camera. annoying beeps no battery life
0	lousy menus, horrible keys, overpriced, crappy camera. annoying beeps no bombardment liveliness
0	Dropped calls. No Games. Limited memory.
0	Dropped telephone. No Games. Limited memory.
1	Good quality for relatively low price.
1	Good quality for relatively blue price.
1	inexpensive, easy to use
1	inexpensive, easy to exercise
0	Bulky
0	bulky
0	No synchronization with Mac. Not bluetooth compatible
0	No synchronicity with Mac. Not bluetooth compatible
1	Easy to use. Excellent image quality. Sharp looking camera.
1	Easy to use. Excellent image quality. Sharp calculate camera.
1	Tri-Mode
1	Tri-Mode
0	build quality, external display bug
0	build quality, external display germ
1	light, folds easily, nice materials, plushy seats, drives well
1	light, folds easily, nice stuff, plushy seats, drives well
0	Resolution is higher on the BJC-8200
0	settlement is higher on the BJC-8200
0	a little dated, no web access available
0	a small dated, no web access available
1	Great photo print quality, wide carriage for Super A3/B prints
1	Great photo print quality, encompassing carriage for Super A3/B impress
0	Fades in and out when it shouldn't.  Poor call quality.
0	Fades in and out when it shouldn't.  Poor holler character.
1	Bright light-up display, loads of features, ease of use
1	Bright light-up display, slews of features, ease of use
1	Video, Photos, Easy Menu,  BLUETOOTH
1	Video, Photos, light Menu,  BLUETOOTH
0	Its pretty awefull.
0	Its middling awefull.
0	No USB, Lens cover is troublesome
0	nobelium USB, Lens cover is troublesome
0	Preliminary setup was a little tough, but very few cons!
0	Preliminary apparatus was a small tough, but very few cons!
0	Lens barrel visible through optical viewfinder.
0	Lens barrel visible through ocular viewfinder.
0	LCD image quality could be better.
0	LCD look-alike quality could be better.
0	Screen could be brighter, holster clip could be easier to use, battery life
0	screen could be brighter, holster clip could be well-to-do to use, battery life
0	Lens cover durability, LCD scratch resistance.
0	Lens back durability, LCD scratch resistance.
1	Sharp resolution
1	Sharp declaration
1	high quality images, ease of use, built in ethernet
1	high quality images, ease of employ, built in ethernet
0	picture quality not 35mm, blurred photos
0	characterisation quality not 35mm, blurred photos
0	cost of ink cartridges
0	toll of ink cartridges
1	Numerous &quot;kool&quot; features! Packed with goodies! Light weight and inexpensive!
1	Numerous &quot;kool&quot; features! wad with goodies! short weight and inexpensive!
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, nifty pictures and voice clearness
1	Good print quality
1	Good mark quality
0	Very poor display, poor interface, did not hold signals
0	Very poor display, poor interface, did not prevail signals
1	Display, battery life, menus
1	Display, battery lifespan, menus
1	Finest Quality; Fast Print Speeds; Quiet; Reliable; 4 Independent Ink Cartridges
1	Finest Quality; Fast Print Speeds; still; Reliable; IV Independent Ink Cartridges
1	Ease of use
1	simpleness of use
1	Easy and smooth 3 position recline.  Plush fabric. Very lightweight and easy fold. Good maneuverability.
1	Easy and smooth trio emplacement recline.  Plush fabric. Very lightweight and well-to-do fold. Good maneuverability.
0	Adding paper could be easier
0	tot paper could be easier
0	batery life,
0	batery life-time,
1	Small
1	lowly
0	No zoom
0	nobelium zoom
1	Inexpensive, easy, good software
1	Inexpensive, easygoing, good software
1	chip
1	chipping
0	low light mpeg not real clear, enter button should be separate button., 
0	low luminousness mpeg not real assoil, enter button should be separate button., 
0	loves to eat batteries for breakfast... 
0	enjoy to eat batteries for breakfast... 
1	Small size, easy to stow in your pocket
1	Small size, sluttish to stow in your pocket
1	Quick printer, perfect for the home office
1	Quick printer, consummate for the home office
1	Was free when we signed up.
1	Was unfreeze when we signed up.
1	size, aesthetic,ease of use and battery life
1	size, aesthetic,ease of usage and battery life
0	Poor performance, doesn't recognize Mac OS 9.04
0	hapless performance, doesn't recognize Mac OS 9.04
0	Paper jams, slow
0	Paper jams, dim
1	NONE
1	none
0	None
0	none
1	Absolutely STUNNING photo prints.  
1	absolutely STUNNING photo prints.  
0	loud, slow, uses lots of ink, prints not 100% reliable both for texts or photos
0	loud, slow, America wad of ink, prints not c% reliable both for texts or photos
0	A few quirky defaults in the programming, lense cap, not pocket-sized.
0	angstrom few quirky defaults in the programing, lense cap, not pocket-sized.
1	It looks pretty with flashing blue lights
1	It looks pretty with flashing blueish lights
0	Ink cartridges a little expensive
0	Ink cartridges a slight expensive
0	Restricted storage on a floppy disk, so you have to carry a number with you.
0	Restricted depot on a floppy disk, so you have to convey a routine with you.
1	Voice dialing, voice recording, sturdy
1	Voice dialing, voice read, sturdy
1	Foolproof, great color prints, fast, hassle free
1	Foolproof, great coloration prints, fast, hassle free
1	CAMERA SOUND, CAMERA ZONE, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA do not honor their website prices!
1	CAMERA SOUND, camera ZONE, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA do not honor their site prices!
1	Ummm...
1	Ummm...
0	4 MB Memory Stick is INADEQUATE&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lack of optical view finder in bright sunlight.
0	foursome MB memory wedge is INADEQUATE&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lack of optical view finder in bright sunlight.
0	a little slow, sometimes loud, must upgrade for PostScript
0	a petty slow, sometimes loud, must upgrade for PostScript
1	Screen, size and battery life.
1	sieve, size and battery life.
0	Cheaply made; rather fragile; could break easily if dropped often or stepped on;
0	Cheaply ca-ca; rather fragile; could prisonbreak easily if dropped often or stepped on;
1	Amazing reception, great speakerphone, very nice voice dialing.
1	Amazing reception, great speakerphone, very nice vocalize dialing.
0	no voice dial, no one button access to address book
0	no vocalization dial, no one button access to address hold
0	No zoom
0	No whizz
0	none
0	none
1	nice price, easy interface, many features
1	nice price, well-situated interface, many features
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
0	Grainy zoom, expensive accessories
0	Grainy zoom, expensive add-on
1	SIZE!!!
1	size!!!
0	Large and can be a little bulky, voice dial isn't too great.
0	Large and can be a petty bulky, voice dial isn't too peachy.
1	Quality, Value, Features
1	lineament, Value, Features
1	Picture Quality, Battery Life, Ease of Use
1	video Quality, Battery Life, Ease of Use
1	Excellent software design, Good reception, polyphony ringtones, GPRS
1	Excellent software designing, Good reception, polyphony ringtones, GPRS
0	Still confused on how to write back using ping pong messaging
0	Still throw on how to write back utilise ping pong messaging
0	bad reception
0	badness reception
1	small, easy to use
1	small, slowly to use
0	no
0	no
0	Awkward placement of zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
0	cumbersome placement of zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
1	Lots of pixels, easy-to-use controls, 35mm-like settings, stunning images
1	batch of pixels, easy-to-use controls, 35mm-like settings, stunning images
1	I love this phone! It has a great, sturdy case, and many features.
1	I love this phone! It has a smashing, sturdy fount, and many features.
1	size, weight
1	sizing, weight
1	Ease of Operation, Design 
1	Ease of operation, Design 
0	NO viewing panel
0	NO see panel
0	Can't think of one
0	Can't suppose of one
0	phone itself is pricey
0	telephone itself is pricey
0	No built in camera, keypad takes some getting used to,the irritating ON/OFF button
0	No built in camera, keypad accept some getting used to,the rag ON/dispatch button
0	Soon this phone will be known as an Edsel.
0	Soon this phone will be eff as an Edsel.
0	ink usage, epson customer service, loud
0	ink usage, epson customer service, brassy
0	Not easy to push when handle is in reverse position
0	Not slow to push when handle is in vacate position
1	lots of features, extra battery, can record movies
1	lots of features, spare battery, can record movies
0	everything else.
0	everything else.
0	Not enough resolution for portraits.
0	Not enough firmness for portraits.
1	some nice features
1	some nice characteristic
0	warmup takes longer than the &amp;quot;ready&amp;quot; light indicates
0	warmup issue longer than the &amp;quot;ready&amp;quot; sparkle indicates
0	None, really
0	None, truly
0	Rechargable battery is extra, battery life is short, only two aperature stops, if cap left on while unit is powered up, lens is driven into the cap (not that big a deal, but bad engineering)
0	Rechargable battery is extra, battery lifetime is short, only deuce aperature stop, if cap result on while unit is powered up, lens is goaded into the cap (not that big a treat, but bad organise)
1	comes with 16MB card, autofocus, only uses 2 batteries, price
1	seed with 16MB card, autofocus, only uses 2 batteries, terms
1	Sprint Holster -good for carrying phone, Jabra earpiece w/ wire microphone  -good
1	Sprint holster -good for persuade phone, Jabra earpiece w/ wire microphone  -good
1	The print quality is superb.
1	The print lineament is superb.
0	Ink is costly! A bit large, noisy but no more than others.
0	Ink is pricy! A bit bombastic, noisy but no more than others.
1	Good battery life, nice screen, keypad is easy to use.
1	safe battery sprightliness, nice screen, keypad is easy to use.
1	Multiple functions.
1	Multiple purpose.
1	Reasonably priced, uses AA batteries and easy to use. 
1	Reasonably priced, utilization AA batteries and easy to use. 
0	heavy, a bit bulky
0	heavy, a spot bulky
0	Harder to use than nokia
0	Harder to employment than nokia
1	takes good pictures
1	takes good visualize
1	An excellent phone packed with what a user would need of a mobile handset.
1	An excellent headphone pack with what a user would need of a mobile handset.
1	small size, GPRS, Bluetooth, Java, Mophun, good ringtone reproduction, multi-number contacts, POP3-mail access
1	small size, GPRS, Bluetooth, Java, Mophun, upright ringtone reproduction, multi-number reach, POP3-mail access
1	Light weight, Very maneuverable, Very Attractive, Adjustable, Easy to clean, Accessory extras, Price.
1	Light weight, very maneuverable, Very Attractive, Adjustable, easygoing to clean, Accessory extras, Price.
0	GREAT PHONE LIST...
0	GREAT earpiece LIST...
1	SMALL SIZE,COOL BACKLIGHT,NICE ONE HANDED SLIDE,ATTENTION GETTER
1	SMALL SIZE,COOL BACKLIGHT,NICE unmatched HANDED swoop,ATTENTION GETTER
1	TINY, TINY, TINY.  Huge improvements over the S100.  Great battery life
1	TINY, TINY, diminutive.  Huge improvements over the S100.  Great barrage life
1	excellent photos, long battery life, video capture, compact size
1	excellent photos, prospicient battery life, video capture, compact size
0	none
0	none
1	Good print quality easy to set up for a single computer.
1	effective print quality gentle to set up for a single computer.
1	Light, changeable faceplates
1	clean, changeable faceplates
0	image quality is not very good and no flash
0	image select is not very good and no flash
0	Doesn't come with case/floppies
0	Doesn't amount with case/floppies
0	HURRY OUT AND GRAB THIS OFF EVERY SHELF IN AMERICA,,
0	HURRY forbidden AND seize THIS OFF EVERY SHELF IN AMERICA,,
1	cute, light weight, simple to use
1	cute, light burden, simple to use
1	Good battery life, nice display, loud and clear speakerphone
1	Good battery life, nice display, cheap and clear speakerphone
0	Gets Hot.
0	convey Hot.
1	(applicable from CDM 8600) Small form factor, easy to use
1	(applicable from CDM 8600) modest form gene, easy to use
0	Expensive, other similar models are out now, no color
0	Expensive, other similar exemplar are out now, no color
0	Doesn't recline all the way for baby&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Push handle too low for tall people.
0	Doesn't recline all the means for baby&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#tenner;&amp;#13;&AMP;#10;advertize handle too low for grandiloquent mass.
1	very quiet, ink doesn't smudge, and is reliable
1	very smooth, ink doesn't smudge, and is reliable
1	Flip phone, colour screen, camera
1	Flip phone, colour blind, camera
1	Small, not too small, voice dialing
1	small, not too small, voice dialing
1	Excellent price, solid quality output. Flexible interfaces and lots of options.
1	Excellent price, solid quality production. Flexible interfaces and flock of options.
1	Clean design, intuitive, quick to learn
1	Clean design, intuitive, quick to see
0	memory stick, durability, flash temp too blue even after fix
0	memory stick, durability, jiffy temp too blue even after deposit
0	jams a lot and broke fast
0	jams a lot and fail fast
0	Expensive. 5MP is probably overkill for most users.
0	Expensive. 5MP is plausibly overkill for most users.
1	Speed, quality of printing
1	Speed, lineament of printing
1	Great looks, great speakerphone, great Direct Connect, and much more
1	Great looks, slap-up speakerphone, great Direct join, and much more
1	Web browser, Instant Messaging (AIM and Yahoo)
1	Web browser, Instant message (AIM and Yahoo)
0	no bluetooth/infrared no games, weak battery
0	no bluetooth/infrared no games, unaccented battery
1	Picture quality, ease of use
1	Picture quality, ease of manipulation
1	Picture quality is just as good as the higher megapixil cameras, and it's cheaper.
1	picture quality is just as good as the higher megapixil cameras, and it's chintzy.
1	1.3 megapix for $300, viewing window
1	1.3 megapix for $300, catch window
0	battery life, lack of memory
0	battery liveliness, lack of memory
1	lightweight, easy to use
1	lightweight, slow to use
1	Good value and good features.
1	Good value and dependable features.
1	Value for money and range of functions
1	respect for money and range of functions
1	cheap
1	gimcrack
0	size
0	sizing
0	flash range, slow downloads, battery bills
0	flash range, slow downloads, battery measure
1	small size, stylish, excellent outdoor photos, li-ion battery, 
1	lowly size, stylish, excellent outdoor photos, li-ion battery, 
1	Good Pictures, Preview Option, CF option, USB Connection, Great Price/Performance
1	good Pictures, trailer Option, CF option, USB Connection, Great Price/Performance
1	separate cartridges, fast, quiet, efficient ink usage
1	separate cartridges, fast, muted, efficient ink usage
1	Smokes competition
1	heater competition
1	Excellent resolution, ease of use, and 
1	Excellent resolution, ease of consumption, and 
1	Reasonable price, practical features, compact size and external display
1	Reasonable price, practical features, wad size and external display
0	No support for the future
0	No funding for the future
1	Fast printing, Excellent quality, Quiet and Great Price
1	Fast printing, Excellent quality, quiesce and Great Price
0	A little noisy when it grabs a sheet of paper
0	A little noisy when it grabs a canvass of wallpaper
0	Takes a few seconds for the picture to be taken., 
0	consume a few seconds for the picture to be strike., 
0	Cheap plastics.  Linux support is limited.  Cost of ink is outrageous, near impossible to refill.
0	crummy plastics.  Linux defend is limited.  Cost of ink is outrageous, near unimaginable to refill.
1	Easy to manuever
1	easily to manuever
1	Durability Poor Design
1	Durability misfortunate Design
0	would like a bigger CF card
0	would like a self-aggrandizing CF card
1	Writes to floppy, Large Zoom
1	Writes to floppy, large Zoom
1	Camera, External Display, Large Internal Display, Speakerphone, Records Video, Flip Button
1	Camera, External Display, expectant Internal Display, Speakerphone, read Video, Flip Button
1	Easy to use, great picture quality, excellent computer interface
1	tardily to use, great picture quality, excellent computer interface
0	TINY ink wells, expensive refills, noisy print action.
0	TINY ink wells, expensive refills, noisy print litigate.
0	They won't recall this phone for crappiness.
0	They won't remember this phone for crappiness.
0	buttons small,yellow backlight, no web browser, only one number under each name in phone book
0	buttons small,yellow backlight, no net browser, only one number under each refer in phone playscript
0	color reproduction
0	color replica
1	size,clarity,outer lcd,text messaging,vibrate mode,price
1	size,clarity,out lcd,text messaging,vibrate mode,price
0	Not great battery life
0	not great battery life
0	Ring tones are not loud enough, internal battery
0	Ring tones are not loudly enough, internal battery
1	LESS EXPENSIVE, HE LEARNS RESPONSIBILITY, CHANGE COLORS WITH FACE PLATES, CHANGE ACCOUNT TYPE TO MONTHLY PAYMENTS LATER
1	LESS EXPENSIVE, HE read RESPONSIBILITY, alteration COLORS WITH FACE PLATES, CHANGE describe TYPE TO MONTHLY PAYMENTS LATER
0	The antenna, calling via voice, my apprehension about Motorola
0	The antenna, calling via interpreter, my apprehension about Motorola
0	Fragile, poor sound, low battery life, etc.
0	Fragile, poor legal, low battery life, etc.
0	Noisy at times and literally spews the paper out.  It surprises some people.
0	Noisy at times and literally eruct the paper out.  It surprises some mass.
1	Playback of pictures saved on a floppy
1	Playback of pictures spare on a floppy
0	No flash, hard to see screen, no zoom
0	No instant, hard to see screen, no zoom
0	no usb, no sound with movies
0	no usb, no sound with movie
0	none
0	none
1	Great pictures, price
1	enceinte pictures, price
0	Scroll wheel, average phone features, have to pay extra for music kit
0	Scroll wheel, average phone features, have to yield extra for music outfit
0	Heavy, Poor close range performance.
0	grueling, Poor close range performance.
1	Good loud ring, Nice size and screen
1	Good loud surround, Nice size and screen
0	Grainy Picture, Dull Picture, No Speed, LOUD !! 
0	Grainy Picture, dumb Picture, No Speed, LOUD !! 
0	16 MB Memory Stick is not enough., , Photo software package sucks., , No carrying case!
0	16 MB remembering get is not enough., , Photo software package sucks., , No carrying case!
1	Relatively nice in size and style; equipped with useful set-in features; can decorate with many different color tops, plastic window and buttons.
1	Relatively nice in size and way; equipped with useful set-in features; can embellish with many different colouring top, plastic window and buttons.
1	Great battery life, ease of use, Picture Quality
1	nifty battery life, ease of use, Picture Quality
0	Costly Ink, very slow
0	Costly Ink, very decelerate
0	none i love it
0	none i dear it
1	Compact, Has an LCD screen, Lots of features.
1	Compact, have an LCD screen, Lots of features.
1	Lots of storage, easy handling, stylish, very affordable
1	Lot of storage, easy handling, stylish, very affordable
0	poor reception.
0	piteous reception.
1	Very easy to set up and use, especially for a novice. Excellent value. 
1	Very easy to set up and exercise, especially for a novice. Excellent prize. 
0	The battery life is a bit short
0	The battery life is a bit light
1	cheap (free), ease of use
1	cheap (spare), ease of use
0	Navigational key takes some practice to master
0	Navigational key proceeds some practice to master
0	Very bad picture quality.  
0	Very bad picture prime.  
0	Hard to wash covering
0	Hard to wash masking
0	easily locks up, not much signal
0	easily operate up, not much signal
1	Excellent optics, great features, fast USB connection.
1	Excellent optics, dandy features, fast USB connection.
0	scrolling through address book is annoying
0	scrolling through address book is teasing
0	VERY large when folded, small basket underneath
0	real large when folded, small basket underneath
1	The absolute BEST of quality in all aspects.
1	The absolute honest of quality in all aspects.
1	double-sided printing, high quality printouts, quiet
1	double-sided printing, high quality printouts, tranquilize
0	Standard 8mb card, weak flash, short battery life, no case, small zoom, slow shutter speed
0	Standard 8mb poster, weak tawdry, short battery life, no shell, small zoom, slow shutter speed
0	Much larger than newer versions on the market.
0	Much larger than newer versions on the commercialise.
1	Simple to use all-in-one machine, great quality
1	wide-eyed to use all-in-one machine, great quality
1	See Below.
1	consider Below.
0	Keys easy to accidentally press, low ringer volume.
0	key easy to accidentally press, low ringer volume.
0	Does not feel as solid as the 6100 series.
0	set not feel as solid as the 6100 series.
1	Reception, reception, reception!!!
1	Reception, reception, receipt!!!
1	GREAT pictures!  Easy to use, helpful software package, USB
1	large pictures!  Easy to use, helpful software package, USB
1	Inexpensive, small form factor / footprint, relatively simple paper feed
1	Inexpensive, small-scale form factor / footprint, relatively simple paper feed
1	zoom, adjustable flash level, ease of use
1	zoom, adjustable flash level, ease of expend
0	Very defective product no fixes from HP
0	Very defective intersection no fixes from HP
0	Small paper capacity, small ink capacity, slow, print head built onto printer
0	pocket-size paper capacity, small ink capacitance, slow, print head built onto printer
1	Easy to use; Good indoor/outdoor quality; Good color/picture quality
1	Easy to role; Good indoor/outdoor quality; Good color/picture calibre
0	Cingular could never make it work dependably to receive
0	Cingular could never pee-pee it work dependably to receive
0	poor speaker quality, hideous ring tones, limited volume control
0	poor speaker quality, hideous ring tones, limited volume manipulate
1	Excellent pictures, small package
1	Excellent photograph, small package
0	Want to take pic's all the time
0	Want to choose pic's all the time
0	Digital zoom stinks (it's optical zoom is fine though).
0	Digital zoom stinks (it's optical zoom is hunky-dory though).
1	Packed with features, great style, light weight
1	Packed with features, great vogue, light weight
0	shutter remains open too long, causes blurriness without tripod
0	shutter remains opened too long, causes blurriness without tripod
0	None
0	none
0	Not a lot of features, screen uses battery power quickly
0	Not a muckle of features, screen employ battery power quickly
0	software tricks you into using more ink, ink cartridges don't last long
0	software legerdemain you into using more ink, ink cartridges don't end long
0	Backlight needs manual on control
0	Backlight needs manual on contain
0	Pricey, Poor Manual and Poorly Designed Lens Cap
0	Pricey, misfortunate Manual and Poorly Designed Lens Cap
1	Great feel, extremely easy to use, intuitive, long battery life, lots of options
1	Great feel, highly loose to use, intuitive, long battery life, lots of options
0	AA batteries run out too quickly, HP doesn't provide everything
0	AA batteries discharge out too quickly, HP doesn't leave everything
1	Integrated lens cover protects and can't get lost
1	Integrated lens cover protects and can't get doomed
0	Poor Buttons, confusing menu's
0	misfortunate Buttons, confusing menu's
1	Very easy to use, no special/expensive equipment/software required
1	Very easy to habit, no special/expensive equipment/package required
0	no USB
0	no USB
0	A bit pricey, no serial ports, short battery life.
0	A mo pricey, no serial ports, short battery life.
0	Don't buy this camera if you have XP or windows 2000.
0	Don't purchase this camera if you have XP or window 2000.
0	None that I'm aware of! This camera's great!
0	none that I'm aware of! This camera's great!
0	battery life, signal reception is horrible, software freezes
0	battery life-time, signal reception is horrible, software freezes
1	Ink costs, flawless printing
1	Ink costs, flawless impression
1	Inexpensive, tough, small enough to fit in pocket, excellent flash, easy to use.
1	Inexpensive, tough, small enough to fit in pocket, excellent flash, promiscuous to expend.
0	color images average
0	color icon average
1	Sleek, antenna-less design; features galore
1	Sleek, antenna-less excogitation; features galore
1	Compact, Quality, Versatility, Mobile
1	compact, Quality, Versatility, Mobile
1	Long Battery Life, Great Clarity, Easy use of features, Voice Dial
1	Long Battery Life, Great Clarity, Easy role of features, vocalization Dial
0	I wish the battery lasted longer; rural living doesn't allow for clarity
0	I wish the battery lasted farseeing; rural living doesn't allow for lucidness
1	great pics, solid weatherproof construction
1	great movie, solid weatherproof construction
0	Price of Ink (a con with any ink jet)
0	toll of Ink (a con with any ink jet)
1	durability and comfort
1	lastingness and comfort
1	instant access
1	trice access
0	uses alot of juice
0	usance alot of juice
1	inexpensive, good support
1	inexpensive, good subscribe
0	power hungry, small LCD 
0	power hungry, low LCD 
0	Short battery life, small storage
0	abruptly battery life, small storage
1	Nice for the price, good color balance, auto white balance satisfactory in most lighting situations.
1	Nice for the terms, thoroughly color residue, auto white balance satisfactory in most lighting situations.
0	Switching Cartridges and re-aligning quite often!
0	Switching Cartridges and re-aligning rather often!
0	price
0	terms
1	Good general purpose printer, reasonable speed for this class of printer
1	sound general purpose printer, reasonable zip for this class of printer
0	everything else
0	everything else
0	Screen quality in bright sunlight, Serial based hot sync cradle.
0	Screen prime in hopeful sunlight, Serial based hot sync cradle.
0	it breaks many times, bad reception and battery life is short
0	it gap many times, bad reception and battery life is curtly
0	lack of viewfinder, hard to take pictures of moving objects
0	lack of viewfinder, hard to exact pictures of travel objects
1	Good printing quality. Low cost.
1	Good printing quality. downcast cost.
1	Excellent phone for the price. Lots of features I've never had before.
1	Excellent telephone for the price. lots of features I've never had before.
0	Some options are inoperative
0	around options are inoperative
1	VERY fast black and white printing
1	VERY fast black and gabardine printing
1	Great voice recognition, speakerphone, & functionality.
1	Great part recognition, speakerphone, & functionality.
1	Photo quality output, Price is low enough
1	Photo quality output, toll is low enough
0	buttons are awkward at first, no web access
0	buttons are awkward at first, no network access
1	Automatic poweron/poweroff, that's about it
1	automatic poweron/poweroff, that's about it
1	easy to use. no film or cards needed. 
1	easy to use. no film or cards take. 
0	None (see review)
0	None (see recapitulation)
1	Great Compact Design, Good Color, Simple Management, Expandable Memory
1	Great Compact Design, Good Color, mere Management, Expandable Memory
0	Skyscrapers cause signal drop-outs.
0	Skyscrapers crusade signal drop-outs.
1	Outstanding movie mode; easy out-of-box experience
1	Outstanding movie mode; slow out-of-box experience
1	Great design, small in size, simple to use
1	peachy design, small in size, simple to use
0	Low Volume Ringers and Capacity for new Ringtones
0	Low Volume Ringers and Capacity for freshly Ringtones
1	Cheap, good quality prints
1	Cheap, ripe quality prints
0	You can see the pixels, and it's slow
0	You can see the pixels, and it's wearisome
1	Great pictures, has features usually found on more expensive cameras
1	enceinte pictures, has features usually plant on more expensive cameras
0	doesn't handle "object-in-motion" still shots well
0	doesn't handle "object-in-motion" still shots fountainhead
0	not exactly photo quality,  you have to deal with pixels
0	not incisively photo quality,  you have to plow with pixels
0	Not the best for shooting shots back to back. Comes with little memory and no case..
0	Not the best for germinate stab back to back. Comes with little memory and no suit..
0	Service only available on Sprint's network.  Poor battery life.
0	Service only available on Sprint's network.  Poor bombardment life.
1	price,clear pictures,easy to download pics to computer
1	price,unclouded pictures,easy to download pics to computer
1	good all purpose printer
1	secure all purpose printer
1	great pictures, great resolution, good compression on high resolution pictures
1	bang-up pictures, big resolution, good compression on high resolution pictures
0	Clunky and illogical menus, few shortcut keys.
0	Clunky and illogical menus, few shortcut tonality.
1	Very good resolution, quick printing, quite affordable, color printing available.
1	Very undecomposed resolution, nimble printing, quite affordable, color printing available.
0	GSM network not built up yet
0	GSM network not reinforced up yet
1	Can fit in your pocket
1	Can check in your pocket
1	Versatility and enlargements also very inexpensive and fast for the money
1	Versatility and expansion also very inexpensive and dissipated for the money
1	Great coverage, excellent clarity &amp; reasonable rates.
1	corking coverage, excellent clarity &amp; reasonable rates.
1	Compact, Very High Optical Quality
1	Compact, Very high-pitched Optical Quality
0	A bit thick, but worth it.
0	A bit deep, but worth it.
1	good quality pictures, compact design
1	good quality pictures, compact excogitation
1	affordable, efficient, FAST!
1	affordable, efficient, profligate!
1	Crisp, clean, hi-res output. Fast. Simple to use and set up. Low Price!
1	Crisp, clean, hi-res output. Fast. childlike to use and set up. lowly Price!
0	Cheap, as in junk.
0	tinny, as in junk.
0	Bad prints, expensive ink, sloppy printing.
0	Bad publish, expensive ink, sloppy printing.
1	can take anywhere, anytime, anyplace
1	can lease anywhere, anytime, anyplace
0	Lag between pictures
0	Lag between icon
1	Easy to Use
1	loose to Use
1	Price, Price, Price
1	cost, Price, Price
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Reliable, comfortable size, exonerate sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth headphone, + so much more
0	Some serious driver issues (hopefully&amp;#13;&amp;#10;in the past)
0	Some serious driver issue (hopefully&amp;#13;&amp;#X;in the past)
0	.... ummm... you'll be buying a lot more paper...
0	.... ummm... you'll be buying a lot more newspaper...
1	Inexpensive, personalized rings, lots of capabilities for this price, battery life.
1	cheap, personalized rings, tons of capabilities for this price, battery life.
0	a bit heavy
0	a bit expectant
1	Very good color. Rich black text printing
1	Very good color. rich black text printing
0	nothing
0	naught
1	Floppy format simple and inexpensive.  Computer chip does amazing job compensating for poor light.
1	Floppy format simple and inexpensive.  Computer chip does amaze job compensating for poor lightsome.
0	No swivel belt clip made for it. Have to get generic stick on.
0	No swivel belt clip made for it. Have to let generic bind on.
1	convenience
1	gadget
1	Fast Printing, Great Images and text, easy to setup.
1	Fast Printing, Great visualise and text, easy to setup.
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, lots of storage.  
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, mickle of storage.  
0	poor paper handling
0	poor paper treat
1	Perfect mobile for young people
1	staring mobile for young people
1	Global Reach, Email, Lightweight, Easy To Use
1	Global strain, Email, Lightweight, Easy To Use
0	ink guzzler
0	ink gulper
1	Manual features, great photos, everything
1	Manual features, bang-up photos, everything
1	Wonderful, high resolution, ink jet printer
1	Wonderful, high resolution, ink spurt printer
1	Sleek design and ease of use.
1	Sleek pattern and ease of use.
0	This nokia has some issues..
0	This nokia has some supply..
1	Great clear images, easy to use.
1	Great clear fancy, easy to use.
0	Too many to list with 15 words.
0	Too many to name with 15 words.
0	Price,interface/feautures,"creakiness"
0	price,interface/feautures,"creakiness"
1	Price (Free), Sound quality, Features
1	Price (release), Sound quality, Features
1	Condom-like covers to change its looks, functional design
1	Condom-like binding to change its looks, functional design
0	Unreliable_undependable, expensive accessories, weak signal, short battery life, does not work!
0	Unreliable_undependable, expensive accessories, weak signal, little battery life, does not crop!
0	Same as other printers:  expensive toner!
0	Lapp as other printers:  expensive toner!
1	Easy to use, light, good quality of photos.  Capable memory. 
1	Easy to use, fall, good select of photos.  Capable memory. 
1	You can save money by not buying film for this camra
1	You can economise money by not buying celluloid for this camra
0	Um, see the rest. Basically everything haha
0	Um, see the relief. Basically everything haha
0	For some people the printer's size may be an issue
0	For some mass the printer's size may be an result
1	price
1	toll
1	Size, feature set, 4.3 megapixel CCD
1	Size, feature set, quaternity.3 megapixel CCD
0	batteries are expensive; user-interface could be better
0	bombardment are expensive; user-interface could be better
1	dont need to turn on your PC for common tasks. excellent photo quality output
1	dont need to play on your PC for mutual tasks. excellent photo quality output
1	Features for size are top in class, not intimidating, skin tones and balance excellent
1	Features for size are exceed in class, not intimidating, skin tones and symmetricalness excellent
0	Takes its good old time to start up
0	rent its good old time to start up
0	Does not work. Very tipical of canon products. 
0	coiffure not work. Very tipical of canon products. 
0	speakerphone and outside buttons are difficult.
0	speakerphone and outside buttons are hard.
0	Size. Weight. Shooting speed.
0	Size. Weight. shoot speed.
1	Durable, lightweight, easy-to-setup
1	long-lasting, lightweight, easy-to-setup
1	Compact, elegant design; easy to setup and operate; good print quality
1	compendious, elegant design; easy to setup and operate; good print calibre
0	Doesn't come with a USB cable.
0	Doesn't hail with a USB cable.
0	Pricey for a 2 Megapixel camera, no manual controls 
0	Pricey for a 2 Megapixel camera, no manual ascendancy 
1	Simplicity, cord bundle, Photo Quality
1	simpleness, cord bundle, Photo Quality
0	haven't seen any, yet
0	haven't discover any, yet
0	A bit pricey
0	A moment pricey
1	Price, Ease of use, 
1	Price, Ease of employ, 
0	Hard keys, Extremely sensitive joystick, slow responses
0	punishing keys, Extremely sensitive joystick, slow responses
0	Weak reception, needs frequent recharging and rather boring.
0	faint reception, needs frequent recharging and rather boring.
1	easy to use, decent picture quality
1	tardily to use, decent picture quality
1	did not have to wake a sleeping baby!!
1	did not have to wake a sleeping babe!!
1	Size, options, durability
1	sizing, options, durability
1	Display, functionality, reception...the list goes on...
1	Display, functionality, reception...the list go on...
0	Pictures taken with the zoom are blurry, it eats batteries
0	icon rent with the zoom are blurry, it eats batteries
0	Size
0	sizing
0	No USB connection, no output paper tray.
0	No USB connection, no output wallpaper tray.
0	Charging port attachment easy to lose, clarity could be better
0	Charging port attachment prosperous to lose, clarity could be expert
0	none
0	none
0	Slow, noisy, one cartridge.
0	Slow, noisy, unrivaled cartridge.
0	Meny structure is difficult and key arrangement isn't great.
0	Meny construction is difficult and key arrangement isn't great.
1	Nice features.
1	gracious features.
1	Feature loaded, great images, long battery life.
1	Feature stiff, great images, long battery life.
0	&lt;b&gt;EATS INK LIKE IT'S GOING OUT OF STYLE&lt;/b&gt;
0	&lt;b&gt;EATS INK LIKE IT'S locomote OUT OF style&lt;/b&gt;
0	Occasionally does not ring on incoming calls.
0	Occasionally does not ring on ingress calls.
1	nice jog dial
1	dainty jog dial
1	Simple and solid.  No whiz-bang junk to break or malfunction.
1	mere and solid.  No whiz-bang junk to go or malfunction.
0	delayed shutter
0	stay shutter
0	Chronic battery issues with this model
0	Chronic battery number with this model
0	The price is fairly steep, but it is worth the price for me.
0	The price is fairly plunge, but it is deserving the price for me.
0	reception, sound quality
0	reception, heavy quality
1	Cool features, great reception, long battery life
1	Cool features, great reception, retentive battery life
0	not discounted much -- shop around!
0	not disregard much -- shop around!
1	Outstanding customer service
1	Outstanding customer help
1	Lots of features
1	plenty of features
0	Plain looking, Indoor connection intermittent
0	unornamented looking, Indoor connection intermittent
1	Blackjack game
1	Blackjack biz
0	Hard to hear another call coming in if you are already on a call.
0	hard to hear another call coming in if you are already on a visit.
1	Awesome price/performance!
1	Awesome cost/performance!
0	Bluetooth is dismal, unit is quirky, requires regular rebooting, lacking in usability.
0	Bluetooth is dingy, unit is quirky, requires veritable rebooting, lacking in usability.
1	Nice screen
1	decent screen
1	Good looking
1	practiced looking
1	Awesome for taking toddler with you to exercise!
1	Awesome for acquire toddler with you to exercise!
0	Bulky, and a bit heavy
0	Bulky, and a bite heavy
1	dont like it 
1	dont corresponding it 
0	Short battery life, long time to charge, battery gets hot.
0	Short battery life, long time to charge, battery receive spicy.
0	harder to fold
0	harder to plication
1	Inexpensive, Zoom capability, Ease of use, Double A batteries.
1	Inexpensive, Zoom capability, Ease of use, bivalent A batteries.
0	Movie mode just ok
0	Movie fashion just ok
0	Motorola will not honor warranty, and in our case caused further damage.
0	Motorola will not honor warranty, and in our case stimulate further scathe.
0	Only 4 images per disk at highest res
0	Only 4 prototype per disk at highest res
0	hard to open side panel, no ethernet card
0	hard to open side panel, no ethernet scorecard
1	Good call quality, nice features
1	Good call prime, nice features
0	impossible to install
0	insufferable to install
0	headphone adapter easily lost, no headphones, no music software, quirky touch sensitive panels, no flash
0	headphone transcriber easily lost, no headphones, no music software, quirky reach sensitive gore, no flash
0	Changing the faceplate is slightly challenging.  No other that cons I can think of!
0	exchange the faceplate is slightly challenging.  No other that cons I can recall of!
1	Think of it as a Nokia 8260 on a party custume. Great reception.
1	conceive of it as a Nokia 8260 on a party custume. expectant reception.
1	price,its cute,has all basic needed features
1	price,its cute,has all basic needful features
0	Difficult to manuever&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Can be Bulky
0	Difficult to manuever&amp;#13;&amp;#x;buttocks be Bulky
0	better options available
0	ripe options available
1	Floppy Disk Storage, LCD Panel to see Pictures
1	Floppy Disk entrepot, LCD Panel to see Pictures
1	Good camera for under $400.  Small but durable
1	Good camera for under $400.  Small but long-lived
0	A little bulky
0	A slight bulky
0	Is first of its kind offered by Samsung - could use improvement
0	constitute first of its kind offered by Samsung - could usage improvement
0	No focus or flash control.  No AC adapter.
0	No focus or flash see.  No AC adapter.
0	Poor battery life, reception could be better
0	Poor battery life, reception could be just
0	Battery hog. Recharge unit/battery is expensive too...
0	barrage hog. Recharge unit/battery is expensive too...
1	Very good quality printer for a low cost
1	Very good caliber printer for a low cost
1	Fairly quiet, easy to refill cartridges, good output on expensive coated paper. Fair grayscale handling.
1	fairly quiet, easy to refill cartridges, full output on expensive coated paper. sightly grayscale handling.
0	Antenna, Can't send text messages, Mini-browser
0	Antenna, Can't send textbook messages, Mini-browser
1	The best of all digital cameras.
1	The undecomposed of all digital cameras.
1	Ease of use, Cost effective.
1	Ease of practice, Cost effective.
1	great photos, tons of options, good battery, records on cd!
1	great photos, tons of options, just battery, show on cd!
0	Terrible sound quality.
0	fearsome sound quality.
0	Bad service
0	defective service
1	High price makes you look like you have a lot of money to blow
1	High price makes you see like you have a lot of money to swash
0	Confusing to figure everything out at first, hard to dial numbers without looking at keyboard
0	flurry to pattern everything out at firstly, hard to dial numbers without looking at keyboard
0	No removable media, No flash, Low resolutions
0	No removable media, No trice, Low resolutions
1	it's a take anywhere kind of camera
1	it's a postulate anywhere kind of camera
1	Small & light, reception & sound clarity, battery life, external display, fast Internet
1	Small & luminance, reception & phone clarity, battery life, external display, fast Internet
1	Simple to install and use, Almost excellent print quality, Fair Price
1	Simple to install and use, almost fantabulous print quality, Fair Price
0	I was really surprised with the lack of speed and unacceptable print quality
0	1 was really surprised with the lack of speed and unacceptable print tone
0	Eats batteries at a tremendous rate&amp;#13;&amp;#10;slow shot to shot recovery
0	Eats batteries at a marvellous rate&amp;#13;&amp;#10;slow jibe to shot recuperation
0	price of cartridges, broken feeder, no service locally, poor customer service
0	price of cartridges, violate birdfeeder, no service locally, poor customer service
0	Only available through one carrier, pricey, limited accessories
0	Only available through one carrier, pricey, limit accessories
1	Screen, Verizon-free downloads, style, quality, features, GPS
1	test, Verizon-free downloads, style, quality, features, GPS
0	Auto camera shut off, LCD stays on!
0	Auto camera closed off, LCD stays on!
0	Cartridges are really expensive
0	Cartridges are actually expensive
1	Sturdy, classy, shopping bag space, convenient for getting baby from carseat to stroller without disturbance.
1	Sturdy, classy, shopping pocketbook space, convenient for capture cosset from carseat to stroller without disturbance.
1	Pretty phone, a lot of features as far as making the phone look good.
1	Pretty phone, a fortune of features as far as do the phone look good.
1	Awesome, Frameable 8x10s
1	awe-inspiring, Frameable 8x10s
1	1200x1200 dpi, 10 pgs/min., Infrared, Cancel print job feature
1	1200x1200 dpi, 10 pgs/min., Infrared, delete print job sport
1	Zeiss lens, size and shape, megapixel CCD
1	Zeiss lens, size and embodiment, megapixel CCD
0	Higher priced
0	gamey priced
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	4 way navig. buttons hard to use, macro capability not what I expected
0	4 fashion navig. buttons gruelling to use, macro capability not what I expected
0	None I've found yet
0	None I've regain yet
1	lens, image quality, exposure flexibility, battery life
1	lens, image quality, photograph flexibility, battery life
1	VERY low price
1	VERY crushed price
0	Too little optical zoom
0	Too minuscule optical zoom
0	LCD too small and hard to navigate.
0	LCD too small and firmly to navigate.
0	*Reprint button could be security risk *Immature OS X drivers, not on CD *Not upgradable
0	*Reprint button could be certificate chance *Immature o X drivers, not on CD *Not upgradable
0	Reception is middle of road.  Better than most, but not as good as the best.
0	Reception is middle of road.  just than most, but not as sound as the skillful.
1	Nice colors
1	gracious colors
1	Easy to use, good interface&amp;#13;&amp;#10;great "gadget" appeal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	promiscuous to enjoyment, ripe interface&amp;#13;&amp;#10;great "gadget" appeal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	No cons to think of.
0	No cons to imagine of.
1	Small for multifunctional printer. Other than that it's horrible!
1	small for multifunctional printer. Other than that it's horrible!
1	small, light, sounds clear
1	small, light, sounds earn
0	flimsy, cheap construction, not durable, cheap belt clip, poor battery life, prone to problems
0	flimsy, tinny construction, not durable, cheap smash clip, poor battery life, prone to problems
1	Small, lightweight, high resolution, additional memory cards available, no more photo developing costs.
1	Small, lightweight, high resoluteness, additional memory poster available, no more photo developing costs.
1	Light and small
1	lightsome and small
0	too light
0	too ignite
1	Great Service, Excellent Features, Small size,Leaves Very Little to be Desired
1	bang-up Service, Excellent Features, Small size,Leaves rattling Little to be Desired
1	lots of features
1	draw of features
1	Taking many pictures without fear. Great quality pictures and movies
1	engage many pic without fear. Great quality pictures and movies
0	Bad quality, doesn't work sometimes.
0	Bad quality, doesn't workplace sometimes.
0	print quality not a crisp black color
0	print quality not a crisp black gloss
0	none to date
0	none to engagement
1	Small easy to use.  The color screen is great also.
1	Small easy to use.  The discolour screen is neat also.
1	quality, speed
1	quality, hurry
0	Exposed buttons
0	break buttons
1	Cheap camera with LCD
1	meretricious camera with LCD
1	Very stylish, well-made, very small and light, and global (900/1900)
1	Very fashionable, well-made, very small and tripping, and global (900/1900)
0	None that I am aware of
0	None that unity am aware of
1	Decent quality, Separate ink cartridges can save money BUT see Cons
1	Decent prize, tell ink cartridges can save money BUT see Cons
1	Great picture quality; not too expensive; numerous useful features
1	nifty picture quality; not too expensive; numerous useful features
1	High quality camera, with great features, for the price.
1	High lineament camera, with great features, for the price.
0	No optical zoom.
0	no optical zoom.
1	Easy to use great quality pictures and inexpensive compared to others out there
1	Easy to use great tone pic and inexpensive compared to others out there
1	Rechargeable Battery!  Never a storage problem!  Great Camera!
1	Rechargeable Battery!  Never a storage problem!  enceinte Camera!
0	None yet
0	None nevertheless
0	Rubber Flap, rotary dial function selector, indoor pictures
0	Rubber fuss, rotary dial function selector, indoor pictures
1	colour quality, speed
1	colour prime, speed
0	IF you are in Kansas City - it dosen't work.
0	IF you are in Kansas City - it dosen't employment.
0	N/A
0	northward/A
0	Pricier than lower models
0	Pricier than low-spirited models
1	could have a little more memory
1	could have a petty more memory
0	Cheaply built, bad customer service from lexmark
0	Cheaply built, speculative customer service from lexmark
0	slow
0	slowly
0	image quality bad during low as well as too much light
0	image prize bad during low as well as too much weak
0	Frequent paper jams, VERY SLOW, and the ink and cartridges are rather expensive to replace
0	shop report impede, VERY SLOW, and the ink and cartridges are rather expensive to replace
0	Reception sucks, Speakerphone Cuts out every two minutes.
0	Reception sucks, Speakerphone Cuts out every deuce minutes.
1	MP3 player, camera, good antenna, video camera, lots of memory space.
1	MP3 player, camera, upright antenna, video camera, dispense of memory space.
1	Excellent color screen, decent OEM battery life (for a color phone)
1	Excellent colouring screen, decent OEM battery life (for a color sound)
0	Cheap parts and construction; screen tends to fail after a certain point
0	cheap parts and construction; screen tends to fail after a certain designate
0	a little heavy compared to a regular camera
0	a short heavy compared to a regular camera
0	a little pricey
0	a minuscule pricey
0	Not reliable
0	Not honest
0	A little big. Battery life. Macro function.
0	A little big. Battery sprightliness. Macro function.
0	Subpar picture quality but then again, you get what you pay for
0	Subpar picture quality but then again, you amaze what you yield for
0	no movie mode, relatively slow 
0	no movie mode, relatively tiresome 
1	It looks like a southern link radio!&#13;&#10;
1	It looks corresponding a southern link radio!&#13;&#10;
1	Great looks, call quality, voice recognition and command, features, MP3 player, and battery life.
1	Great looks, call caliber, voice recognition and overlook, features, MP3 player, and battery life.
0	Aperture priority is limited, very proprietary, no continuous mode and only one focus zone.
0	Aperture priority is limited, very proprietary, no continuous mode and only unrivaled centering zone.
1	Price, ease of use, quality
1	Price, ease of purpose, quality
0	none
0	none
1	Looks like a camera
1	front like a camera
1	good quality prints
1	good choice prints
1	Great Picture Quality.  Responsive, easy to use, intuitive controls.
1	Great Picture timbre.  Responsive, easy to use, intuitive controls.
1	Battery miser, good outdoor quality, nice viewfinder
1	barrage miser, good outdoor quality, nice viewfinder
0	Non-treaded wheels, No canopy secure strap when carrying, basket to small.
0	Non-treaded wheels, No canopy impregnable strap when carrying, hoop to small.
0	Size
0	sizing
1	Rugged Body
1	Rugged trunk
0	Poor Picture Resolution, No Additional Picture Storage Capacity.
0	Poor ikon Resolution, No Additional Picture Storage Capacity.
0	Little versatility, poor image quality, not very durable, poor support from Fuji
0	Little versatility, poor image quality, not very indestructible, piteous support from Fuji
0	I have none
0	ane have none
0	Fixed 8MB RAM, 45 Sec Warmup for First Page, Paper Jams Messy, 150 page tray
0	make 8MB force, 45 Sec Warmup for firstly Page, Paper Jams Messy, 150 page tray
1	Perfect size, very good pics
1	Perfect size, very good flick
1	It's great for emergency and traveling purposes. It's cute looking and the reception is clear most of the time.
1	It's keen for emergency and jaunt purposes. It's cute looking and the reception is make most of the time.
1	easy to use
1	easy to consumption
1	ok pics, big enough that it's hard to lose
1	ok pics, cock-a-hoop enough that it's hard to lose
0	is a oven
0	is a oven
1	High Quality Pictures, Easy to Use, Floppy Format, Great Price
1	High Quality Pictures, Easy to function, diskette Format, Great Price
1	Beautiful color and vivid detail
1	Beautiful colorize and vivid detail
1	Highly versatile and powerful.
1	Highly various and powerful.
0	None.
0	none.
1	clear photos
1	gain photos
1	Easy to use. A lot of accesories, memory sticks are cheap
1	promiscuous to use. A lot of accesories, memory sticks are chinchy
1	*Feel and look.
1	*finger and look.
0	Small keypad, no external caller ID, keypad is not backlit.
0	little keypad, no outside caller ID, keypad is not backlit.
1	Great when it works, Great in handling multiple paper sizes.
1	smashing when it works, Great in palm multiple paper sizes.
0	Battery life and Reception is terrible;Phone overheats like crazy;Lousy ring-tones
0	Battery life and Reception is terrible;Phone overheats care crazy;dirty ring-tones
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Easy to use; works great; dependable mfg.
1	Easy to use; employment great; dependable mfg.
0	Can blur, grainy looking pictures
0	Can blur, grainy reckon pictures
0	At this price, none  , 
0	astatine this price, none  , 
0	Battery Life!, Small Small Buttons (big big hands), AOL for phone is impossible to use.
0	Battery Life!, Small Small Buttons (great expectant hands), AOL for sound is impossible to use.
0	Terribly short battery life, no detailed owner's manual, tiny carrying pouch.
0	Terribly short battery life, no detail owner's manual, tiny stock pouch.
0	Can only use NiMh batteries, and supplied charger too slow. No wrist strap included.
0	Can only habituate NiMh batteries, and supplied courser too slow. No wrist strap included.
1	It was FREE, (only reason I got it)
1	It was FREE, (only reason I experience it)
0	Very expensive to operate.
0	rattling expensive to operate.
0	ink, paper feed problems
0	ink, paper prey problems
1	Strong, consistent reception! Easy to use, great speakerphone.
1	Strong, consistent reception! Easy to use, swell speakerphone.
0	ClubNokia not available in the USA.
0	ClubNokia not useable in the USA.
0	unreliable~ at best, loses service frequently, cuts off
0	unreliable~ at best, loses service frequently, contract off
0	Driver installment
0	Driver installation
1	Compact, easy to use
1	Compact, well-off to use
1	nothing special
1	nothing extra
0	Nothing
0	nothing
0	-Doesn't have large format capacity
0	-Doesn't have vauntingly format capacity
0	Battery saver feature shuts off LCD too soon, battery life , electronic viewfinder
0	Battery saver have shuts off LCD too soon, battery living , electronic viewfinder
1	Small, Easy To Use, Lots of Features
1	Small, Easy To Use, set of Features
1	Its small, lightweight, and fast
1	Its little, lightweight, and fast
0	It is a battery eating machine!
0	IT is a battery eating machine!
1	An affordable 3.2MP camera that's easy to use in most conditions. 
1	An low-priced 3.2MP camera that's easy to utilisation in most conditions. 
1	Small size, attractive design
1	Small size, attractive pattern
1	Powerful, clear, many options
1	Powerful, cleared, many options
1	Photos instantly on disk
1	pic instantly on disk
1	Small, easy to use, clarity, cool settings
1	Small, easy to use, clarity, cool context
1	easy to use, compact, light weight
1	easy to use, compact, light slant
1	Accessories
1	accessary
0	Expensive, gets stuck on some low thresholds because it is so light.
0	Expensive, gets stick on some low door because it is so light.
0	Eats up batteries!, Not expandable. Kodak does not have any attachable lenses for this camera
0	rust up batteries!, Not expandible. Kodak does not have any attachable lense for this camera
0	Only 2MB memory, nonexpandable or networkable.
0	just 2MB memory, nonexpandable or networkable.
1	Small, light, easy to use.  No nonsense phone when you just want to call someone.
1	Small, dismount, soft to use.  No nonsense phone when you just want to hollo someone.
1	Price and Quality
1	Price and lineament
1	Works in Europe as well
1	forge in Europe as well
1	Small size, multiple features
1	Small sizing, multiple features
0	no internal antenna, poor signal at times
0	no internal feeler, poor signal at times
0	No Flash-Slow refresh-No External memory and only serial download.
0	No Flash-Slow refresh-No External memory and only nonparallel download.
0	Very awkward interface, phone locks up, dim screen in sunlight, no SD card slot
0	real awkward port, phone locks up, dim screen in sunlight, no SD card slot
1	Inexpensive alternative for the home office in both price as well as toner.
1	Inexpensive substitute for the home office in both price as wellspring as toner.
0	little pieces
0	little piece
0	A little expensive to use
0	A little expensive to usance
0	smaller buttons
0	pocket-size buttons
1	extra film, led for image viewing, software is easy to use, sleek design
1	extra film, led for icon viewing, software is easy to use, sleek blueprint
0	accidental squawks
0	inadvertent squawks
0	VERY ink-thirsty, sneaky inkjet cartridge disable built-in
0	real ink-thirsty, sneaky inkjet cartridge disable built-in
1	Inexpensive, easy-to-use, functional
1	Inexpensive, easy-to-use, running
1	Exceptional Performance!  Ease Of Use!  6-Megapixel Clarity and Canon Reputation...
1	special Performance!  Ease Of Use!  6-Megapixel pellucidity and Canon Reputation...
0	Not for you if you have 5 or 6 megapixel envy!
0	Not for you if you have fin or sestet megapixel envy!
1	Phone, pager, 2way, internet, sms, email all in one. looks neat.
1	Phone, pager, 2way, internet, sms, email all in unitary. looks nifty.
1	Compact size, ease take pictures, ease to download into computer.
1	Compact size, ease occupy pictures, alleviate to download into computer.
0	ink will get expensive, slow, inkjet text can smear.
0	ink will come expensive, slow, inkjet text can smear.
0	Cartridge cost and waste of two of three colors
0	magazine cost and waste of two of three colors
1	Small size, easy to use, very good sound quality transmitting and receiving, can send and receive Email
1	small-scale size, easy to use, very good intelligent quality conduct and receiving, can send and receive Email
0	Low power. Low talk time. IT IS NOT #G COMPATIBLE.
0	depressed power. Low talk time. IT IS not #G COMPATIBLE.
0	low quality printing
0	low prize printing
1	HP reliably, and print quality. Folding paper tray, USB interface, print cartridge level indicator
1	HP reliably, and print quality. Folding paper tray, USB interface, print cartridge even index
1	clarity, battery length
1	uncloudedness, battery length
0	NO Optical zoom only digital, zoom eats batteries
0	NO Optical zoom only digital, zoom eat batteries
0	A little large by today's standards; old technology; pretty sure no longer available new
0	A trivial large by today's standards; old technology; pretty sure no longer available young
0	See Writeup
0	envision Writeup
1	Color fidelity (using Lexmark drivers)
1	discolour fidelity (using Lexmark drivers)
0	A little large.
0	A lilliputian large.
1	Price/Quality, agfanet prints, size, software bundle, versatility
1	Price/Quality, agfanet print, size, software bundle, versatility
1	Thin design, MP3 player, 1.3 megapixel camera, Bluetooth, speakerphone, removable memory card
1	Thin design, MP3 player, 1.trio megapixel camera, Bluetooth, speakerphone, removable memory scorecard
0	Doesn't fit in your pocket!
0	Doesn't jibe in your pocket!
1	Slim, sleek and does what it's supposed to do
1	Slim, streamlined and does what it's supposed to do
1	good  price  durable  and  ergonomic.
1	good  price  long-lived  and  ergonomic.
1	Speech clarity.  Great display.  Excellent backlight.  Voice dialing.  Connectivity.
1	Speech clarity.  Great display.  Excellent backlight.  vocalize dialing.  Connectivity.
1	so many features, works well for me
1	so many features, cultivate well for me
0	waits about 5 seconds to take picture so if it's moving you might miss it!
0	look about 5 sec to takings picture so if it's moving you might miss it!
0	battery
0	barrage
1	Compact, easy to maneuver with one hand while opening a door with the other., 
1	concordat, easy to maneuver with one hand while unfold a door with the other., 
1	Very easy for beginners to use.
1	Very sluttish for beginners to use.
0	It takes a little while to set up.  
0	It exact a little while to set up.  
1	Very easy to use.  Takes great pictures.
1	Very easy to use.  accept great pictures.
1	size, weight, &amp; features
1	size, slant, &amp; features
1	HIGH quality output, whisper quiet, printout lifetime (with matte paper)
1	HIGH timber output, whisper repose, printout lifetime (with matte paper)
1	Great display, easy to use, sounds great
1	Great display, easy to use, sounds majuscule
0	Easy to forget to flip-up flash, who can understand the button icons?
0	light to forget to flip-up gaudy, who can understand the button icons?
1	Incredible ease with a few pointers
1	Incredible relaxation with a few pointers
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
1	Smart design, reliable battery life-time, and clear calls.
0	Everything else
0	Everything else
0	Blurry, contrast, lack of colors
0	Blurry, contrast, lack of colourise
1	Inexpensive and quiet
1	cheap and quiet
1	4-in-1 printer, copier, fax, scanner
1	4-in-1 printer, duplicator, fax, scanner
1	Individual Color Tanks, Size, Printer Price
1	private Color Tanks, Size, Printer Price
1	ring tones, durability, size, price
1	pack tones, durability, size, price
1	Great CB quality, tough outer shell, works well long distance
1	Great CB quality, hood outer husk, works well long distance
1	Cool design and durability
1	Cool design and enduringness
0	breaks easily, difficult to enter numbers into memory
0	develop easily, difficult to enter numbers into memory
0	Not enough zoom
0	Not adequate zoom
1	Cheap, easy to use
1	Cheap, well-situated to use
1	Easy to use, Less Shutter Lag, Great Image Quality, Available Accessories
1	Easy to use, Less Shutter Lag, large prototype Quality, Available Accessories
1	Easy to use; very good image quality
1	Easy to use; very good icon quality
1	compact size, somewhat easy to use
1	compact size, somewhat easily to use
1	Low cost, Good output.
1	scurvy cost, Good output.
0	Weird Symbols Appear when the Ink Runs Low
0	Weird Symbols Appear when the Ink Runs humiliated
1	excellent image quality, pretty good zoom lens, usb interface, video out port
1	excellent prototype quality, pretty secure zoom lens, usb interface, video out port
0	Heavy, not built for turbulence.....
0	enceinte, not built for turbulence.....
1	Excellent integration of Palm and phone&#13;&#10;Great for using in a vehicle
1	Excellent integration of Palm and call&#XIII;&#10;Great for using in a vehicle
1	Speed!!!. Durabrite Inks. Separate ink tanks.
1	hotfoot!!!. Durabrite Inks. Separate ink tanks.
1	Nice quality output, quiet, quick
1	Nice caliber output, quiet, quick
1	Small, lightweight, T9 text input
1	modest, lightweight, T9 text input
0	Earphone/Ringer Volume, Unnaceptable reception.
0	Earphone/ringer Volume, Unnaceptable reception.
0	flimsy, mine broke
0	tenuous, mine broke
0	Battery Problems; Hard to Find
0	Battery Problems; Hard to retrieve
0	Expensive, ink cartridges are small, paper holder has low capacity
0	Expensive, ink cartridge are small, paper holder has low capability
0	small keys
0	small describe
1	Great quality digital photos at a very affordable price.
1	expectant quality digital photos at a very affordable price.
0	Support, quality, reliability
0	reenforcement, quality, reliability
0	Large, but understandable due to &amp;#13;&amp;#10;12X18 prints
0	orotund, but understandable due to &amp;#thirteen;&amp;#10;12X18 prints
1	Reliability, Small Form Factor
1	Reliability, Small chassis Factor
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	'neglect Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
1	Nice graphic
1	overnice graphic
1	small phone, inexpensive
1	pocket-size phone, inexpensive
0	None
0	none
0	A bit heavy, included CF card uselessly small.
0	A sting heavy, included CF card uselessly small.
0	Eats up batteries.
0	Eats up bombardment.
1	Great detail and color
1	large detail and color
0	seat doesn't recline - minor issue.
0	behind doesn't recline - minor issue.
1	print and scan quality decent
1	print and scan timbre decent
1	excellent printer for the money
1	fantabulous printer for the money
0	S-L-O-W To spool up, Jams, Adequate drivers
0	S-L-O-W To spool up, occlude, Adequate drivers
0	Warm up time.  Tech support!
0	Warm up time.  Tech livelihood!
1	Two-way radio feature, rugedness, vibration alert
1	two-part radio feature, rugedness, vibration alert
1	Easy to install; fast printing;  attractive style
1	Easy to install; dissipated printing;  attractive style
1	Printing, Copying
1	impression, Copying
1	nice photo prints; print from flash card
1	nice photo prints; print from tawdry card
1	Kicky design, quality performance
1	Kicky design, select performance
1	Phone has been dropped several times and it still works (in a leather case).
1	Phone has been dropped several times and it stock-still mold (in a leather case).
0	Plastic scan/copy bed should be glass, Some software components not stable.
0	Plastic scan/copy bed should be glass, approximately software components not unchanging.
1	Decent reception and battery life. Durable.
1	right reception and battery life. Durable.
1	cheap, dual mode (digital camera &amp; webcam), mgi software included
1	tacky, dual style (digital camera &amp; webcam), mgi software included
1	Runs smoothly, rugged.
1	lead smoothly, rugged.
1	Great sound quality, awesome features
1	Great sound quality, awesome boast
1	No Wasted Pictures, Save and MAKE money
1	No emaciated Pictures, Save and MAKE money
1	Small, fits in pocket
1	Small, suit in pocket
1	Quality polyphonic ringtones, decent camera, good reception.
1	prime polyphonic ringtones, decent camera, good reception.
1	A stylish full feature phone.
1	A stylish full lineament phone.
1	Gorgeous, tiny, reliable
1	Gorgeous, midget, reliable
0	Can't take long movies
0	Can't take farseeing movies
1	Dead simple to use, beautifully built, infallible autofocus and exposure
1	Dead simple-minded to use, beautifully establish, infallible autofocus and exposure
0	I don't like them
0	i don't like them
1	Small, Light, Portable
1	Small, promiscuous, Portable
0	Bad reception ,bad clarity
0	Bad reception ,defective clarity
0	Slower processor and color screen handles less colors than the newer camera phones
0	tiresome processor and color screen grip less colors than the newer camera phones
1	Small, good battery life, intuitive to use.
1	Small, expert battery life, intuitive to use.
0	gets warm during use, terrible keys, no extra ringtones
0	father warm during use, terrible keys, no extra ringtones
1	great fun, accessible, tailored for mom's getting in shape
1	outstanding fun, accessible, tailored for mom's getting in shape
0	big
0	magnanimous
1	Small, clear and lightweight!
1	diminished, clear and lightweight!
0	It Broke!!!
0	It relegate!!!
0	Advance functions can be tricky, photo development.
0	Advance functions can be tricky, pic development.
0	Minor things like cheap antenna, average battery life, confusing menu setup and an occasional echo.
0	Minor things alike cheap antenna, average battery liveliness, confusing carte setup and an occasional echo.
1	external display, size
1	external presentation, size
1	Small, Flexible, Inexpensive, 2.1 megapix's
1	Small, pliable, Inexpensive, 2.1 megapix's
1	This machine is a work horse, it does it all!
1	This machine is a run sawbuck, it does it all!
1	dual usage
1	dual usance
1	lightweight, small, great for travel
1	lightweight, pocket-size, great for travel
1	Easy to use.
1	wanton to use.
1	Strong, Well Built body
1	Strong, considerably Built body
0	So is many others. May not be your 'decisive moment' camera.
0	hence is many others. may not be your 'decisive moment' camera.
1	Everything about it
1	Everything about it
1	Good print quality, overall good value - typical of Epson
1	Good print quality, overall honest value - typical of Epson
0	Older phone so therefore it does not have a color display screen.
0	Older phone so thus it does not have a distort display screen.
0	can not talk without taking holster off.  battery dies easily from talking to much.
0	can not babble without taking holster off.  shelling dies easily from talking to much.
0	crummy case supplied by Nikon, no viewvfinder-lcd
0	crummy causa supplied by Nikon, no viewvfinder-lcd
1	reliable and economical in the long run
1	reliable and stinting in the long run
0	To slow just all out pain in the buttocks.
0	To slacken just all out pain in the buttocks.
0	Many glitches, poor quality, limited options
0	Many glitches, poor tone, limited options
0	The menu system is awful!
0	The menu system is horrendous!
1	Easy setup, one of the most simplistic driver installation I have done. Fast &amp; clear.
1	Easy frame-up, one of the most simplistic driver initiation I have done. fast &amp; clear.
0	Blurry images in low light
0	Blurry images in low ignitor
0	Vibrate is too weak.
0	tickle is too weak.
0	bluetooth, handwrite recognition, memory expansion.   Well, just not there yet.
0	bluetooth, handwrite recognition, retentivity expansion.   good, just not there yet.
0	Fact of not useing a TFT screen,no speakerphone
0	Fact of not useing a TFT riddle,no speakerphone
1	&lt;b&gt;INEXPENSIVE, PRINTS GOOD PHOTOS&lt;/b&gt;
1	&lt;barn&gt;INEXPENSIVE, PRINTS beneficial PHOTOS&lt;/b&gt;
0	3rd party designer keypads prone to wear
0	3rd party designer keypads prone to jade
1	Fast USB connection, Can take &amp;quot;fast&amp;quot; moving photos, Instant Delete
1	Fast USB connection, dismiss submit &amp;quot;fast&amp;quot; moving photos, Instant Delete
0	Tiny buttons, single phone number per name entry.
0	Tiny buttons, single phone numeral per name entry.
1	Great for the price. Easy to use.  
1	great for the price. Easy to use.  
0	Menu's and ring tones.
0	Menu's and ring note.
1	qwerty keyboard, color screen, voice note recording
1	qwerty keyboard, colourize screen, voice note recording
1	Cheap, good quality prints (for the price), fast
1	tinny, good quality prints (for the price), fast
1	lots of nice options, easy to use.
1	caboodle of nice options, easy to use.
0	Lense Limits and Blurring effect inside
0	Lense restrict and Blurring effect inside
1	Very sturdy phone
1	Very sturdy earphone
0	Cartridge replacement can be tricky.
0	Cartridge replacement can be sly.
1	Without all the problems, it's pretty easy to use
1	Without all the problems, it's pretty well-to-do to use
0	It's junk.
0	It's dust.
0	Camera is useless.  Buttons on keypad and sides could be improved.
0	Camera is useless.  clit on keypad and side could be improved.
0	sony accessories cost an arm-and-a-leg
0	sony accessory cost an arm-and-a-leg
1	Looks Good and large choice of option
1	Looks Good and large choice of pick
0	 Prints slowly and uses a lot of ink.
0	 Prints slowly and utilisation a lot of ink.
0	Maybe a little TOO small for some, small screen
0	Maybe a little TOO small for some, minuscule screen
1	Easy to use, great pictures, good in low-light
1	Easy to employ, great pictures, good in low-light
1	Low price, 4 levels of resolution, EZ to use
1	Low price, 4 levels of resolution, EZ to employment
0	Marginal receiver tone quality; "power" button in awkward location
0	Marginal receiver tint quality; "power" button in awkward location
1	Quality print outs with perfect color, fast, and easy to use.
1	Quality print outs with gross coloration, fast, and easy to use.
1	great picture quality
1	great picture calibre
1	Decent call quality, can play music, slim profile phone.
1	Decent call quality, can play medicine, slim profile phone.
0	Lots of technical glitches
0	scores of technical glitches
1	Great color screen, good volume, nice size.
1	Great colourise screen, good volume, nice size.
1	Big zoom, small, well made, electronic viewfinder and good pics
1	great zoom, small, well micturate, electronic viewfinder and good pics
0	Bulky, does not vibrate, poor choice of ringtones.
0	Bulky, does not tickle, poor choice of ringtones.
0	Not the most intuitive to understand requiring some reading of the manual.
0	Not the most intuitive to empathize demand some reading of the manual.
0	Goes through Batteries FAST!! 
0	break through Batteries FAST!! 
1	high quality images, easy to use, videos with sound, TV out, battery life, manual mode
1	highschool quality images, easy to expend, videos with level-headed, TV out, battery life, manual mode
1	durable and stylish enough for techy college scene
1	durable and stylish sufficiency for techy college scene
1	Lighter, More user friendly
1	hoy, More user friendly
1	No more film that I don't get developed. Instant knowledge if you got the pic
1	No more film that iodine don't get educate. Instant knowledge if you puzzle the pic
1	Nice round shape with rubber grips, blue lights
1	Nice circular shape with rubber grips, blue lights
0	Frequent clogging, software so-so
0	frequent clogging, software so-so
0	Small paper tray, expensive ink cartridges, always a new &amp;amp; better model on the market
0	Small paper tray, expensive ink cartridges, incessantly a newfangled &amp;amp; sound model on the market
1	Easy to handle and very good quality pictures, and selection options for selecting the quality.
1	Easy to handle and very safe quality characterisation, and choice options for selecting the quality.
0	No built in Zoom, and only 1 mega-pixel
0	No built in zoom, and only 1 mega-pixel
0	Price was a bit steep, and only comes with a 16mb card.
0	Price was a bit extortionate, and only ejaculate with a 16mb card.
0	pictures are too small to share with anyone offline;if you take it on vacation, you have to have access to a computer or limit yourself to 96 pictures for the trip;
0	pic are too minor to share with anyone offline;if you conduct it on vacation, you have to have admission to a computer or limit yourself to 96 exposure for the stumble;
0	noise in low light situations, doesn't remember flash setting, poor warranty and customer service
0	noise in low light-colored situations, doesn't remember gimcrack setting, poor warranty and customer service
0	Doesn't run all palm apps, speakerphone sound less than great.
0	Doesn't campaign all handle apps, speakerphone sound less than great.
0	no speakerphone or flash or zoom on camera
0	no speakerphone or instant or zoom on camera
0	Vibrating feature not standard, antenna
0	Vibrating sport not standard, antenna
0	Very slight fuzziness during some calls.
0	Very slight fuzziness during some hollo.
0	You loose your camera settings when it's powered off.
0	You idle your camera settings when it's powered off.
0	battery!!
0	bombardment!!
0	Flash card too small, Size, Support
0	Flash notice too small, Size, Support
1	Easy to use, Excellent picture quality,
1	Easy to use, Excellent delineation quality,
0	expensive, complicated menu functions
0	expensive, complicated menu go
1	Price
1	damage
0	Slow color printing, expensive ink, strange output occasionally.
0	tiresome color printing, expensive ink, strange output occasionally.
1	Outstanding battery life and great manual controls
1	Outstanding battery aliveness and great manual controls
1	Good support from Lexmark
1	thoroughly support from Lexmark
0	Sort of pricey
0	variety of pricey
1	digital SLR, good image quality, remote control
1	digital SLR, undecomposed image quality, remote control
0	None?
0	none?
1	Sleek style, intuitive functionality
1	Sleek style, visceral functionality
0	no color screen, not too many features,(but I am not interested) not made anymore,
0	no color screenland, not too many features,(but I am not concerned) not cook anymore,
0	Price, quality, Verizon customer support and never getting to use it!
0	Price, quality, Verizon customer backing and never find to use it!
0	Useless camera, and "Verizon Wireless" message every 5 seconds.
0	Useless camera, and "Verizon radiocommunication" message every 5 seconds.
1	Cheap.
1	meretricious.
0	Auto-focus, Low-light pictures, Underexposes, Laggy, Poor button layout, Annoying UI
0	Auto-focus, Low-light see, Underexposes, Laggy, misfortunate button layout, Annoying UI
0	Amongst others, the complexity and headaches encountered through selectivity of multi-NAM applications.
0	Amongst others, the complexity and vexation encountered through selectivity of multi-NAM lotion.
1	Slim, light, adequate features
1	Slim, light, adequate have
1	Bluetooth functionality, Symbian operating system, Reception
1	Bluetooth functionality, Symbian lock system, Reception
0	Not as high a quality as I had expected; the paper feeder is somewhat poorly designed; the paper-catcher is too short; and it seems to be slowly breaking its software. (Mostly minor gripes)
0	Not as high a quality as I had expected; the theme feeder is moderately peaked designed; the paper-catcher is too abruptly; and it seems to be easy breaking its software. (Mostly minor bitch)
1	Price, fast uploading, size, TV viewing, flash 
1	Price, truehearted uploading, size, TV viewing, flash 
0	rough, loud ride
0	rough, tacky ride
0	Expensive cartridges (approx. $30/ea.)
0	Expensive cartridges (approx. $30/Ea.)
1	Beautiful, accurate color; fast
1	Beautiful, accurate discolour; fast
1	GREAT picture quality. Floppy disk access is fast and very conveninent
1	outstanding picture quality. Floppy disk accession is fast and very conveninent
0	Not very complex, color photos not as good quality as the more expensive printers, loading paper sometimes annoying...
0	Not very complex, color photos not as near quality as the more expensive printers, payload composition sometimes annoying...
1	It is easy to use, has many options, under $500, takes nice quality pictures. 
1	It is easy to habit, has many options, under $500, take nice quality pictures. 
1	It is user friendly, nice colors
1	It is user friendly, nice distort
1	Long battery life
1	Long battery living
1	Large canopy, built in rain cover, ample padding, stores compactly
1	Large canopy, built in rain insure, ample padding, storehouse compactly
0	Layout, battery.
0	Layout, bombardment.
0	I don't like the voice speaking telling me the printing is started and complete.  
0	I don't like the voice utter say me the printing is started and complete.  
0	When not using flash, shutter speed's too slow.
0	When not using flash, shutter speed's too decelerate.
0	none for the price
0	none for the cost
0	Smudges really easily, low storage space.
0	Smudges really easily, moo storage space.
1	quality good for price
1	quality ripe for price
1	high resolution pictures, ergonomic design, low price
1	high resolution ikon, ergonomic design, low price
0	Ink
0	ink
0	expensive, interface
0	expensive, port
1	Size, tough case, bright lcd, goof first camera!
1	Size, ruffian case, bright lcd, goof first camera!
1	Easy to use, "drag and drop" pics to PC
1	Easy to enjoyment, "drag and drop" pics to PC
0	Plastic tripod connector, questionable battery life
0	Plastic tripod connective, questionable battery life
0	Underfeatured, non-standard batteries
0	Underfeatured, non-standard barrage
0	Lack of Good Zoom, Battery Hog, Red-Eye control
0	Lack of expert Zoom, Battery Hog, Red-Eye control
0	3 colors are in one cartridge - must replace all to replace one.
0	3 colorise are in unmatched cartridge - must replace all to replace one.
0	None!
0	none!
1	Ultra Compact, High Resolution, , Runs on AA Batteries, Manual Set-up &amp; Auto
1	Ultra Compact, high-pitched Resolution, , Runs on AA Batteries, Manual Set-up &amp; motorcar
0	Pictures just don't have the depth found in non digital cameras, 
0	flick just don't have the depth encounter in non digital cameras, 
0	Short Battery Life
0	Short Battery life-time
1	Changing resolution
1	commute resolution
0	Pixellation in photos, some software troubles, hard on batteries
0	Pixellation in photos, some software troubles, concentrated on batteries
0	Very slow, eats up ink doing self cleanings ,nozzles clog,very noisy,poor support
0	Very slow, eats up ink doing self cleanings ,nose clog,very noisy,poor living
1	Ease of use, fast transfer of photos to computer, 2 MegaPixel, AC adaptor and rechargeable battery included
1	Ease of habituate, dissolute transfer of photos to computer, 2 MegaPixel, AC adaptor and rechargeable bombardment included
0	Signal not always great.  Not in color, like many newer phones.
0	signalize not always large.  Not in color, like many newer phones.
1	5X optical zoom.  Threaded lens barrel. Easy to use overall.  
1	5X optical zoom.  Threaded lens barrel. easygoing to usage overall.  
1	Nice looking, great sound, easy locking
1	Nice looking, big sound, easy locking
0	operating system is not intuitive, quiet ringer, WEIRD keypad
0	operating organisation is not intuitive, quiet ringer, WEIRD keypad
0	Sometimes you forget you have it!
0	Sometimes you bury you have it!
1	Great at the price
1	dandy at the price
0	Price is a bit more than other Color InkJets
0	toll is a bit more than other Color InkJets
0	Love-it-or-hate-it color scheme, weak vibrate mode, bulky charger.
0	Love-it-or-hate-it color scheme, weak vibrate manner, bulky charger.
1	Cost and Software Included
1	Cost and package Included
0	Flimsy CF card cover.  Only 3x optical zoom.  Included 8 megabyte card is worthless.
0	Flimsy CF card underwrite.  Only 3x optical zoom.  Included 8 megabyte notice is worthless.
0	Squeaky wheel, which was replaced.
0	Squeaky rack, which was replaced.
0	Consumable costs / no sheet feeder for A3
0	Consumable costs / no plane feeder for A3
0	can't get photos downloaded/developed
0	can't acquire photos downloaded/developed
0	Product discontinued, only available "preowned".
0	Product break, only available "preowned".
1	many features, good finished product
1	many features, skillful finished product
0	No pretty daisy covers that I have found.
0	No pretty daisy covers that I have base.
0	Extremely Poor Battery life, Ring tones cannot be heard, technical issues, cheap frame/cover.
0	Extremely pitiful Battery life, Ring tones cannot be heard, technical issues, cheap framing/cover.
1	Good Price
1	skillful Price
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
1	one charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  adept keypad.
1	easy to use, self focusing, timer
1	easy to use, self concentrate, timer
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and tops voice realization software
1	Great text and color quality
1	capital text and color quality
1	You can play games. Not much else
1	You can meet games. Not much else
1	camera is easy to use, base is SUPERB, great quality still shots
1	camera is easy to use, base is SUPERB, great quality withal crack
0	none found
0	none obtain
0	No optical Zoom
0	No optical whizz
1	Perfect size & design, two-in-one device, great at both, and great battery life
1	pure size & design, two-in-one device, smashing at both, and great battery life
1	It's cheap.
1	It's brassy.
0	Feeble bundled memory card
0	weak bundled memory card
0	No Web browser, once battery life starts to fall, really dies quick
0	No Web browser, once battery biography starts to declension, really dies quick
1	Ultra-compact, very fast, durable, excellent photo quality
1	Ultra-compact, very immobile, durable, excellent photo quality
0	Handlebars seem rickety; a bit heavy to be used for travel
0	Handlebars seem rickety; a bit ponderous to be used for locomote
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	approximately neutered features, small navigation exit, and poor external display planning.
0	Did not come with a carrying case.
0	Did not come with a carrying causa.
1	Fun for events, very light weight
1	Fun for events, very wanton weight
1	size, ease of use, optical zoom, quality of photos
1	size, ease of utilisation, optical zoom, quality of photos
1	Prints photos beautifully!
1	impress photos beautifully!
0	Small internal memory, included software not anything great
0	minor internal memory, included software not anything great
0	Delay in capturing image, battery
0	Delay in capturing double, battery
1	Easy to use and hold, great new web features, long lasting battery, great sound quality
1	Easy to usance and clutches, great new network features, long lasting battery, great sound quality
1	Light weight, Clear sound quality, loads of other features
1	light weight, Clear sound quality, loads of other features
1	Twistable case, crisp image
1	Twistable fount, crisp image
1	Very solid camera. Seems to be quite trustworthy. Outstanding CCD and optics.
1	Very unanimous camera. appear to be quite trustworthy. Outstanding CCD and optics.
0	wireless web access pricey, battery easily detachable, small means it's easy to misplace or lose
0	wireless web admittance pricey, battery well detachable, small means it's loose to misplace or lose
1	Compact, nice screen, external caller ID window screen.
1	Compact, nice screen, external caller ID window riddle.
0	Slightly more expensive than other printers; however, the price is worth it!
0	slightly more expensive than other printers; nevertheless, the price is worth it!
1	Very good photo quality, lots of manual/creative control,  inexpensive , 
1	Very beneficial photo quality, loads of manual/creative control,  inexpensive , 
1	Cheap, basic PDA features
1	punk, basic PDA features
0	Takes time to figure out how to get the best quality picture
0	fill time to flesh out how to get the best quality picture
1	Sound clarity, list of features, sturdy, well built, nice design
1	Sound clarity, list of features, sturdy, well built, Nice designing
0	Battery life is average, can't talk while phone is charging
0	Battery life is average, can't talk while earpiece is charge
1	Great engineering, output and good price
1	Great engineering, output and good toll
1	Usage instructions are very clear;  very compact and easy to carry
1	Usage command are very clear;  very concordat and easy to carry
0	noisy, drinks ink, jams easily
0	noisy, beverage ink, jams easily
0	price.
0	toll.
1	I suppose it is "cute" for a phone.
1	I theorize it is "cute" for a phone.
0	text quality, speed, consumption, design and other oddments
0	text quality, speed, intake, design and other oddments
0	It gets bad reception if living an area where there are alot of mountains
0	It experience bad reception if living an country where there are alot of mountains
0	Antenna is a little flimsy.
0	feeler is a little flimsy.
0	Fine mode only allows around 23 pictures.  Preview window gets dusty easily.
0	Fine mode only allows around 23 pic.  Preview window beget dusty easily.
0	Didn't find any.
0	Didn't obtain any.
1	4.10 Megapixels, Great resolution and lots of room to work with
1	4.10 Megapixels, outstanding resolution and lots of room to exploit with
1	Good resolution, and a ton of extra features
1	commodity resolution, and a ton of extra features
0	Switching snap-on covers can be a pain
0	Switching snap-on handle can be a pain
1	fast enough, good color, cheap
1	debauched enough, good color, cheap
0	nothing
0	cypher
0	None, performance wise.
0	None, performance knowing.
1	User Friendly, Easy to Use, Long standby &amp; talk time
1	User Friendly, easy to Use, Long standby &amp; sing time
0	No USB
0	no USB
1	Excellent Mid-Lvl Digital Camera for the professional hobbyist or family fun.
1	Excellent Mid-Lvl Digital Camera for the professional hobbyist or kinsperson sport.
0	Slow auto focus, Gets confused in low light conditions
0	Slow auto focus, mother confused in low light conditions
0	battery life, expensive
0	battery lifespan, expensive
1	Very attractive and modern-looking. Small and not heavy. User-friendly.
1	Very attractive and modern-looking. Small and not ponderous. User-friendly.
1	Very cool looking., Good picture quality
1	Very cool looking., Good picture choice
1	easy use, menu system, options, documentation, compatable
1	easy habituate, menu system, options, documentation, compatable
0	battery life short, camera easily scratched
0	battery life short, camera easily excise
0	Few ringers
0	Few ringer
1	Good screen, speakerphone, long battery life, lots of features.
1	Good screen, speakerphone, long battery life, plenty of features.
0	That's all it's got going for it.
0	That's all it's baffle going for it.
1	small, brilliant screen, great reception, voice dial
1	small, brilliant screen, great reception, vox dial
1	Clear screen, small
1	make screen, small
1	Great Quallity Photos, Easy to use
1	Great Quallity Photos, Easy to enjoyment
1	Triband, camera-phone
1	Triband, camera-phone
0	Loud, slow
0	Loud, dumb
0	None
0	none
1	easy to use, great picture quality
1	easy to use, great visualize quality
0	a little big, but i carry it in my pocket anyway.
0	a little full-grown, but i gestate it in my pocket anyway.
1	A great Idea
1	A bully Idea
1	Great features, lightweight
1	bang-up features, lightweight
1	Cheap per page cost, fast enough, separate cartridges
1	tacky per page cost, fast enough, separate cartridges
0	Not really compatible for underwater use
0	Not really compatible for underwater manipulation
1	Excellent camera.  Great Price
1	Excellent camera.  Great toll
0	original cartridges that come with printer are short on ink
0	original cartridges that follow with printer are curtly on ink
1	A very complete quality electronic photo system
1	A very perfect quality electronic photo system
1	Looks cool, Great Display, Very Compact, Good reception.
1	Looks cool, bang-up Display, Very Compact, Good reception.
1	Quality, Style, Features and ease of Use
1	Quality, stylus, Features and ease of Use
0	People want to rip off the slide plate.
0	multitude want to rip off the slide plate.
0	1999 technology, is nearing end of product life.
0	1999 technology, is nearing oddment of product life.
1	Great for getting your feet wet in digital for the price, great for quick shots
1	peachy for amaze your feet soaked in digital for the price, great for quick shots
1	money, time, results
1	money, time, effect
0	Have two change from black to color cartridge.  
0	Have two change from blackness to color cartridge.  
0	Yellow Tint Indoors, Few Physical Design Flaws
0	chickenhearted Tint Indoors, Few Physical Design Flaws
0	batteries are expensive, recommend rechargables, also memory is expensive to upgrade
0	barrage are expensive, recommend rechargables, also memory is expensive to rise
1	Excellent images, format CCD RAW, large battery life, many features, MicroDrive support, easy to use
1	Excellent images, arrange CCD RAW, large battery animation, many features, MicroDrive subscribe, easy to use
1	Thin, Light, Big Screen.
1	Thin, Light, expectant Screen.
0	consume batteries
0	have batteries
0	Settings not always easy to change.
0	Settings not always easy to transfer.
0	As technology has improved, this is now a middle of the road camera.
0	as technology has improved, this is now a in-between of the road camera.
0	Limited selection of accessories available.  Could ring louder.
0	Limited selection of accessories available.  Could mob louder.
1	works
1	sour
0	This model has a loud buzzing sound coming from the ear piece
0	This mold has a loud bombinate sound coming from the ear piece
1	Feature set, customizable menus, etc
1	Feature Seth, customizable menus, etc
0	no zoom; power usage issues
0	no zoom; index usage issues
0	The only color is black
0	The only color is blackamoor
0	No USB support, no optical zoom, no non-compressed file format
0	No USB documentation, no optical whizz, no non-compressed file format
1	Works Well, very quiet, Much improved resolution, pagis pro software good!! 
1	Works Well, very subdued, Much improved resolution, pagis pro software full!! 
1	Larger display than the other nextel phones, longer battery life, better sound quality, java-enabled games
1	Larger display than the other nextel phones, longer battery life, good profound quality, java-enabled gage
1	Great for texting, if you're into that
1	gravid for texting, if you're into that
1	Color screen, lightweight, styleish.
1	emblazon screen, lightweight, styleish.
0	Power use, view finder, movie sound, availability, PRICE.
0	Power habit, view finder, movie sound, availability, PRICE.
1	Folds up so small!  Rain and sun umbrella!! Stands upright.
1	Folds up so belittled!  Rain and sun umbrella!! base upright.
1	quality color photos, fast, quiet
1	quality color photos, fast, placid
1	Easy to use. The functions were simple to figure out.
1	wanton to use. The functions were simple to calculate out.
1	Very crisp photos...
1	Very crisp exposure...
1	Excellent keypad, voice activated dialing, battery life, voice memo
1	Excellent keypad, voice activated dialing, battery sprightliness, voice memo
0	Poor ergonomics - difficult to dial without looking.  Feels cheap
0	Poor ergonomics - difficult to dial without looking.  finger cheap
1	Easy to use, low price, good quality images
1	Easy to consumption, low price, good quality images
1	Small, Light, Features, Battery life, free headset & vibrating battery
1	Small, easy, Features, Battery life, free headset & vibrating battery
0	The Limited Choice of colors on the case
0	The Limited Choice of colors on the typeface
0	Slooooooooow, HUGE, doesn't come w/required USB cable.
0	Slooooooooow, vast, doesn't come w/required USB cable.
1	&gt;Nice size
1	&gt;dainty size
0	Very delicate. horrible signal quality, slow moving thru the menus
0	Very delicate. horrible signalise quality, slow travel thru the menus
0	bad in low light and action shots
0	high-risk in low light and action shots
1	Price.  Durability.
1	toll.  Durability.
1	compact, easy to use, high quality prints
1	compact, gentle to use, high quality prints
1	Cheap
1	cheap
0	User interface is poorly designed., No USB camera-control.
0	User interface is ill designed., No USB camera-control.
1	Stylish, Compact, Loaded with many features.
1	Stylish, compress, Loaded with many features.
0	Images a bit blurry, no rechargeable batteries
0	Images a flake blurry, no rechargeable batteries
1	Great features, flash, LCD display, 
1	swell features, flash, LCD display, 
1	Brilliant output on any paper. Fast, easy to use, convenient, Don't need a computer to print.
1	Brilliant output on any paper. profligate, easy to use, commodious, Don't take a computer to print.
1	Extremely easy set up process
1	Extremely slowly set up process
1	Fast, Quiet, Easy to use, no jams so far
1	Fast, hush, Easy to use, no jams so far
0	Pricey at initial roll-out.
0	dear at initial roll-out.
0	May want to purchase extended battery
0	May want to purchase gallop battery
1	Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
1	Easy to utilisation.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, reach, and calender.
1	simple, high quality photos, versatile
1	simple, high quality exposure, versatile
0	Sometimes the signal is off, and you'd need to mess around with the phone.
0	Sometimes the sign is off, and you'd need to jam around with the phone.
1	Size, Looks
1	size, Looks
0	slow, slow, slow
0	slow, slow, dense
1	Small in size, reliable and durable
1	pocket-sized in size, reliable and durable
0	Can't recieve new tones
0	Can't recieve new feel
0	Stay tuned
0	detain tuned
1	Pocket size, color screen, Bluetooth capability, outstanding battery life.
1	Pocket size, distort screen, Bluetooth capability, outstanding battery life.
0	Nose smudge on LCD monitor
0	Nose smudge on LCD reminder
1	Easy to Use
1	Easy to utilisation
0	This thing eats batteries alive. 
0	This thing eats shelling alive. 
1	It's small and it's cheap
1	It's humble and it's cheap
0	You need to be careful of hitting the correct number - but really nothing else!
0	You need to be careful of hitting the correct enumerate - but genuinely nothing else!
1	small , compact
1	small , constrict
1	Has a digital display screen
1	Has a digital display sieve
1	I HONESTLY CAN'T THINK OF ONE!!!
1	I HONESTLY CAN'T THINK OF unitary!!!
1	Free GPS compass, very bright and clear display, sturdy design
1	complimentary GPS compass, very bright and realise display, sturdy design
1	Print, scan, and copy without cutting corners
1	impress, scan, and copy without cutting corners
0	Purchase price, service, flaky-ness, obsolescence
0	buy price, service, flaky-ness, obsolescence
0	Price, mediocre web browser, somewhat unfinished casing
0	Price, mediocre web browser, somewhat unfinished incase
1	buy it
1	corrupt it
0	none of significance
0	none of signification
0	Slow to start.  Bloated software.
0	Slow to offset.  Bloated software.
1	Has Features of Cameras Double the Price, EXCELLENT Value!
1	Has Features of Cameras twofold the Price, EXCELLENT Value!
0	None
0	none
1	quality, enlargeable images; sturdy; macro capability
1	lineament, enlargeable images; sturdy; macro capability
0	Awful drivers, endless network headaches
0	Awful drivers, interminable network headaches
0	Weak signal, flimsy and bulky. No web access. 2 hour talk time!
0	Weak signal, flimsy and bulky. No web access. deuce hour blab time!
1	Price, camera w/flash, reasonably intuitive controls, speaker phone, many other features
1	damage, camera w/scud, reasonably intuitive controls, speaker phone, many other features
0	Lots of buttons, battery breaks free if dropped, web navagation awkward
0	Lots of buttons, bombardment breaks free if dropped, network navagation awkward
1	Organized Picture Taking Made Easy
1	Organized Picture conduct Made Easy
0	Maybe a bit heavy, not very stable on flat surfaces.
0	mayhap a minute heavy, not very stable on flat surfaces.
1	Solid, sturdy. Non-color screen is visible in bright daylight, color screens aren't!
1	Solid, sturdy. Non-color screen is visible in smart daylight, colourize screens aren't!
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
0	Not the highest resolution available
0	Not the gamy resolution available
1	Excellent quality, speedy printing, low cost
1	Excellent quality, speedy printing, depleted cost
0	no optical zoom, pathetic long-range night shooting capability
0	no optical zoom, pathetic long-range night take capability
1	Hearty little printer with long life, printing a wide variety of media
1	Hearty picayune printer with long life, printing a wide diverseness of media
1	Small, lightweight.
1	modest, lightweight.
0	battery seems to run low quickly
0	battery seems to run low-down quickly
1	Easy to use/setup, separate black &amp;amp; color cartridges, handles heavier paper
1	Easy to use/setup, part black &amp;amp; discolor cartridges, handles heavier paper
1	Inexpensive, Decent Picture Quality, InfoLithium Capability, MPEG Movies
1	Inexpensive, nice Picture Quality, InfoLithium Capability, MPEG Movies
0	Paper jams if paper tray blocked
0	Paper jams if paper tray blockade
0	Interface is weak; joystick feels cheap; battery life a joke; antenna nub pain; price
0	Interface is weak; joystick feels bum; battery life a joke; antenna sum pain; price
0	Not Many, A little slow between Pictures
0	Not Many, axerophthol little slow between Pictures
0	Everything
0	Everything
0	Wheels squeak, rests on tray when stored
0	roll squeak, rests on tray when stored
1	Incredible photo quality. The ability to take uncompressed photos (TIFF).
1	unbelievable photo quality. The ability to drive uncompressed photos (TIFF).
0	Should ship with bigger mem card
0	Should ship with boastful mem card
1	Small size, lightweight, user friendly
1	little size, lightweight, user friendly
0	Unable to synchronize with palm devices, doesn't work well on ships and boats, style
0	Unable to synchronise with palm devices, doesn't work well on ships and boats, way
1	Well, it looks like a real camera
1	Well, it looks alike a real camera
0	MX 500 has no zoom
0	Mx 500 has no zoom
1	Folds really small, easy to manouver and looks great.
1	Folds really small, easy to manouver and feel great.
1	Compact, lighweight, lots of feature for base model
1	Compact, lighweight, luck of feature for base model
0	EVERYTHING!
0	EVERYTHING!
0	Pricey ink
0	costly ink
0	The way it charges sucks.  Batteries over-priced.  Few ring tones.  Very slow startup.
0	The mode it charges sucks.  Batteries over-priced.  Few ring quality.  Very slow startup.
1	Excellent picture quality, fast zoom lens, remote control.
1	Excellent picture choice, fast zoom lens, remote control.
1	Ease of use, print quality, additional software
1	Ease of use, print quality, additional package
0	Slightly clunky interface, too much already on it, no very basic ringtone
0	slimly clumsy interface, too much already on it, no very basic ringtone
1	Durable build, tons of options, responsive menus, great reception
1	Durable build, rafts of options, responsive menus, great reception
1	Good Reception and solid.
1	skilful Reception and solid.
0	if you want a camera, this phone won't get the job done.
0	if you need a camera, this phone won't amaze the job done.
0	Alittle Bulky to get out of the car. Car Seat is a Bit Heavy.
0	Alittle Bulky to get out of the car. Car Seat is a snatch gruelling.
1	Great picture quality, cheap printer!
1	swell picture quality, cheap printer!
0	Price of memory stick
0	Price of memory bind
0	durability
0	strength
0	Uses a floppy disk as media. Poor resolution. High price
0	expend a floppy disk as spiritualist. Poor resolution. High price
1	Easy to use, fits easily anywhere, great software, USB
1	Easy to use, fits easily anyplace, great software, USB
0	cost of cartridges if you use Canon over generic, 
0	cost of cartridges if you use canyon over generic, 
1	Size, image quality, features, convenience
1	Size, icon quality, features, convenience
1	small, good features
1	small, beneficial features
1	easy to use, sharp pictures, good package
1	easy to use, sharp pictures, good software
1	Plays MP3s, many options, wireless web capabilities.
1	run MP3s, many options, wireless web capabilities.
0	grainy enlargements
0	granular enlargements
0	Slow capture after holding down trigger
0	Slow capture after holding down induction
1	user-friendly
1	user-friendly
0	buggy driver
0	bats driver
0	performance, picture quality
0	performance, characterization quality
1	easy to use, fold, wash and comfortable for child
1	loose to use, fold, wash and comfortable for child
0	No battery life, not dependable, worst in class keypad.
0	No battery life, not honest, worst in class keypad.
1	Easiest camera 
1	loose camera 
0	bad reception, low volume, and poor quality.
0	bad reception, low volume, and poor choice.
0	can't call out of servicing area
0	can't phone out of servicing area
1	Tiny, good pictures
1	Tiny, good icon
1	Cheap, Easy to use, quite Pretty in shape
1	garish, Easy to use, quite Pretty in shape
1	Great-quality prints
1	Great-quality impress
0	None that I have found
0	None that I have discover
0	Macintosh integration appalling .
0	Macintosh integration shock .
0	Mobile doesn't work then all the cons
0	Mobile doesn't knead then all the cons
0	Zoom button is a little awkward
0	Zoom button is a small awkward
1	Affordable
1	affordable
1	small, light, flip-phone, neat features
1	small, light, flip-phone, clean features
1	Quick, quiet, easy to install
1	Quick, quiet, well-heeled to install
0	No battery charger unless you buy docking station.
0	No battery charger unless you bribe docking station.
1	Great idea!
1	Great thought!
0	little pricy
0	lilliputian pricy
0	durability, really small in size, key pad button sizes, port tabs
0	durability, really small in size, key inkpad button sizes, porthole tabs
0	Guzzles ink
0	guzzle ink
1	It's a real camera, it has additional lenses and filters made for it, it's good
1	It's a substantial camera, it has additional lenses and filters seduce for it, it's just
0	Still only a 2.1mp camera and comes with only 8mb card.
0	smooth only a 2.1mp camera and arrive with only 8mb card.
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	awesome reception, vibrant colourise screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
0	Weak flash
0	Weak scoot
0	battery falls off easily. Must buy a new set of expensive accessories for it.
0	battery declivity off easily. Must buy a new coiffe of expensive accessories for it.
0	Crashes (but saves data)
0	dash (but saves data)
1	Good design; cool extra features like speakerphone, USB connectivity, & AIM
1	skillful intention; cool extra features like speakerphone, USB connectivity, & AIM
1	Full featured, easy to use, good battery life, free!
1	Full featured, easy to use, good battery life, rid!
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to habituate
0	Poor picture quality, Useless Ir Port, Data cable not avalible in USA yet.
0	Poor show quality, Useless Ir Port, Data cable not avalible in Army yet.
1	Easy to use, Excellent price, delivers on promises.
1	Easy to use, Excellent price, delivers on anticipate.
1	Looks awesome, small, light.
1	face awesome, small, light.
1	Easy install, great color, faxes flawlessly.
1	Easy install, heavy color, faxes flawlessly.
1	Tons of features, sleek, light-weight, good quality
1	Tons of features, silken, light-weight, good quality
0	will frezze if you use to much space, Too basic for a phone junkie downloader
0	will frezze if you usance to much space, Too basic for a telephone nut downloader
1	Excellent photo printing
1	Excellent photo impression
0	um, dust can cause issues. no real problems
0	um, dust can cause publish. no real problems
1	Fast, high-quality printer that lasts and lasts...
1	Fast, high-quality printer that last and lasts...
1	Easy, great quality, love the disk in/out feature
1	Easy, great quality, know the disk in/out feature
1	battery life, screen, memory capacity, airplane mode, size, price
1	battery life, screen, memory capacity, airplane way, size, price
0	Size can be a little too small sometimes
0	Size can be a little too little sometimes
0	digital camera pictures kinda disapointing
0	digital camera painting kinda disapointing
1	Great price, excellent performance
1	bully price, excellent performance
0	Menus might be somewhat confusing
0	Menus might be pretty confusing
1	excellent picture quality, Lots of options, and a swivel LCD screen
1	excellent depiction quality, Lots of choice, and a swivel LCD screen
0	Buttons on sides get pushed often when making calls or opening phone, can't lock them.
0	Buttons on English get campaign often when seduce calls or opening phone, can't lock them.
0	Body scratches easily
0	Body scrub easily
0	Heavy,Big
0	Heavy,liberal
0	LCD screen drains batteries
0	LCD shield drains batteries
0	jams paper and uses alot of ink really fast
0	jams paper and enjoyment alot of ink really fast
1	Inexpensive,  reliable
1	Inexpensive,  true
0	Hood broke and lock cracked
0	Hood give and lock cracked
0	Absolutely awful software programing.
0	Absolutely frightfully software programing.
0	nothing
0	nada
0	Green light in viewfinder, eats AA batteries
0	Green light in viewfinder, eats AA bombardment
1	Fast, very quiet, incredible photo quality on Epson glossy photo paper. Excellent text rendering too.
1	fast, very quiet, incredible photo quality on Epson glossy photo paper. first-class text supply too.
0	Cost
0	cost
0	Sometimes it is too small
0	Sometimes it is too modest
1	Easy At Home Picture Developing
1	Easy At Home fancy Developing
1	Great quality, expandable memory, lots of accessories.
1	Great quality, expandable memory, lots of add-on.
1	Color Screen, Voice Dialing
1	Color Screen, vox Dialing
0	Works like a cheap printer
0	plant like a cheap printer
1	Superb photo-quality prints, fast, quiet, individual ink tanks, can use any paper
1	Superb photo-quality prints, libertine, tranquility, individual ink tanks, can use any paper
1	Ease of operation, no downloading required.
1	Ease of procedure, no downloading required.
1	Excellent Photo Printing
1	Excellent pic Printing
0	no tv hookups and batteries don't last too long
0	no tv hookups and batteries don't conclusion too long
1	Excellent picture quality, easy to use, relatively inexpensive.
1	Excellent picture quality, easy to employ, relatively inexpensive.
0	4mb storage card
0	4mb storage plug-in
1	A lot to like in every respect...state of the art.
1	A destiny to like in every respect...State of the art.
0	Software suite, serial connection vs. USB
0	Software entourage, serial connection vs. USB
0	Stroller folds up funny
0	saunterer folds up funny
0	says it is out of paper when it isn't
0	read it is out of paper when it isn't
1	camera phone & it was free,
1	camera phone & it was destitute,
0	Nonexistent support, Ink dries up with nonuse, 
0	Nonexistent substantiate, Ink dries up with nonuse, 
0	The zoom is not as powerful as the rest of the camera's features.
0	The zoom is not as potent as the rest of the camera's sport.
1	Bright screen, camera/video, OK reception
1	undimmed screen, camera/video, OK reception
1	Good Photo Output
1	beneficial Photo Output
1	Product has great software and picture quality. 
1	Product has outstanding software and picture quality. 
1	Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
1	break digital signal reception; decent sound.
0	has 'locked' or 'stuck' twice
0	has 'locked' or 'stuck' double
0	Battery life is awful, Low light pictures turn out dull, A little too small
0	Battery life is awful, Low light envision turn out dull, A minuscule too small
1	Solid,  easy to use in basic mode
1	Solid,  easy to use in basic fashion
0	Paper feed design flaw is extremely irritating for business or professional work
0	Paper feed design flaw is extremely bother for clientele or professional work
0	horrible software, Bluetooth doesn't actually work, and very bulky.
0	horrible software, Bluetooth doesn't actually study, and very bulky.
0	Can't find any cons!
0	Can't observe any cons!
1	Durable, dependable, good reception,clear audio, long battery life, inexpensive accessories.
1	Durable, dependable, secure reception,clear audio, long battery sprightliness, inexpensive accessories.
1	bright color is easily found, easy to respond to direct connect, compact and rugged
1	brilliantly color is easily found, easy to respond to conduct connect, compact and rugged
1	Great features / USB interface / fantastic battery life / easy
1	Great have / USB interface / fantastic battery life / easy
1	Easy to use, great quality, great value, great flexibility.
1	wanton to use, great quality, great value, great flexibility.
1	Supports  MAC OSX &amp; 9.  Performs functions the majority of the time. 
1	sustain  MAC OSX &amp; 9.  Performs role the majority of the time. 
1	Good for a first time digital camera user.
1	salutary for a first time digital camera user.
1	sturdy, good audio quality
1	sturdy, sound audio quality
0	The volume is a little low.
0	The volume is a little humiliated.
0	May not be for those who are serious about their photography...
0	whitethorn not be for those who are good about their photography...
1	Value, Color Quality, Fold Up Tray
1	rate, Color Quality, Fold Up Tray
1	Small, lightweight, voice dialing.
1	Small, whippersnapper, voice dialing.
0	viewfinder, red eyes
0	viewfinder, scarlet eyes
1	Efficient machine with all the features you can want
1	Efficient motorcar with all the features you can want
0	battery life (just buy lithium or rechargeable and it's GREAT); storage capacity (upgradeable)
0	battery life (just buy lithium or rechargeable and it's heavy); storage capacitance (upgradeable)
1	Fair price, picture viewer
1	Fair price, flick viewer
1	Easy To Use
1	Easy To habituate
0	NONE, NONE, NONE!!!!!!!
0	none, NONE, NONE!!!!!!!
1	using floppy disk, long life battery really is long life, simple to use
1	practice floppy disk, long life battery really is long spirit, simple to use
0	volume is horribly low
0	volume is horribly scurvy
1	Picture Quality, Ease of Use,  Low Cost
1	painting Quality, Ease of Use,  Low Cost
0	zoom, delay before the picture is taken and battery length
0	zoom, check before the impression is taken and battery length
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chipping, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
1	Price and Quality
1	price and Quality
1	Fast, silent and excellent quality
1	Fast, silent and excellent tone
1	looks great, sounds great
1	aspect great, sounds great
1	Good and durable
1	estimable and durable
1	Great quality for it's price!
1	great quality for it's price!
1	Inexpensive Color Printer
1	Inexpensive vividness Printer
1	Fast, good print quality, versatile, customizable driver, cheap inks
1	Fast, commodity print quality, versatile, customizable driver, cheap inks
0	Really need to buy the ac adapter.
0	Really need to bribe the ac adapter.
1	Quality large images, medium size
1	Quality expectant images, medium size
1	Zoom , floppy disks and ease of use
1	Zoom , floppy disks and ease of employ
0	Cost of ink and slight mis feeds
0	Cost of ink and slight MI feeds
0	Price, weight, hard to flip open, software not user friendly, durability.
0	Price, weight, punishing to throw open, software not user friendly, durability.
0	Does not come with a cable, sometimes ink does not dry correctly on photo paper
0	act not descend with a cable, sometimes ink does not teetotal correctly on photo paper
0	Large, a little noisy, no power save mode.
0	big, a little noisy, no power save mode.
1	photo quality, compact, durable
1	photo quality, compact, perdurable
1	Good sized camera which comes with everything you need !
1	just sized camera which comes with everything you need !
0	Larger than phones with comparable features
0	Larger than sound with comparable features
0	Seat isn't good for long hours of sitting. Smallish canopy.
0	backside isn't skillful for long hours of sitting. Smallish canopy.
1	Price, good quality prints
1	Price, good timbre prints
1	Clear picture. Easy to use.  Takes panoramic photos.
1	Clear render. Easy to use.  Takes panoramic photos.
0	Battery life, weight, clunky shape.
0	Battery life, weight, clunky embodiment.
0	Freezes computer during several times during USB transfer, grainy indoor pics, uses battery up quick
0	Freezes computer during respective times during USB transfer, granulose indoor pics, enjoyment battery up quick
1	fits in your pocket,has a loud ringer and ear piece
1	fits in your sack,has a gaudy ringer and ear piece
1	Good price, works fairly well. Bought 3 year warranty.
1	practiced price, works fairly well. Bought 3 year warranty.
0	poor paper transport
0	poor paper transferral
1	Price, functions
1	Price, occasion
1	2 MEGAPixel camera, excellent night shots
1	2 MEGAPixel camera, excellent dark shots
1	Great Picture Quality, Superb Value, Easy to Use
1	Great Picture Quality, Superb Value, Easy to expend
1	best pic quality in this class--no doubt!
1	honorable pic quality in this class--no doubt!
0	AC adapter sold separate, battery charger sold separate
0	AC adapter sold separate, shelling charger sold separate
1	Good sound quality, easy to use interface. Easy on batteries.
1	honest sound quality, easy to enjoyment interface. Easy on batteries.
1	Ergonomics and swivel LCD
1	biotechnology and swivel LCD
0	Size, recording speed, must use Sony flash
0	Size, recording speed, must use Sony photoflash
0	Plastic Tray Gets Scratched Too Easily When Folding It.
0	Plastic Tray Gets Scratched Too Easily When foldaway It.
0	Slow autofocus and shutter speed in Automatic mode.
0	Slow autofocus and shutter speeding in Automatic mode.
0	loud, slow, drinks ink
0	trashy, slow, drinks ink
1	Optical zoom, versatility, battery life, size and photo quality
1	Optical soar, versatility, battery life, size and photo quality
1	Very good price and photo quality
1	Very ripe price and photo quality
0	no more NP-80 battery, docking cradle costs extra
0	no more NP-80 battery, dock cradle costs extra
1	Great camera
1	capital camera
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is expert, did I refer reception?
0	none that I know of.
0	none that single know of.
0	Kind of Heavy
0	Kind of leaden
0	Lack of storage space
0	deficiency of storage space
1	Cheap, voice quality, batter life, features
1	sleazy, voice quality, batter life, features
1	Incredible sound quality and reception, decent features, multi-networks give ultimate covarage, Nokia user interface
1	Incredible phone quality and reception, right features, multi-networks give ultimate covarage, Nokia user interface
0	Poor Software, Low Memory, Low Battery Life, Camera only detected on COM1
0	Poor Software, Low remembering, down Battery Life, Camera only detected on COM1
1	Small, battery lasts long, fun rings to download!
1	lowly, battery lasts long, fun rings to download!
1	Modern featurs, sleek look
1	Modern featurs, sleek expression
0	It's Big and Bulky, Short battery life for movies
0	It's openhanded and Bulky, Short battery life for movies
1	Nice feel and better User interface for Motorola.
1	Nice feel and safe User interface for Motorola.
0	HP Scanning Software
0	HP scan Software
1	size, ease of use, 
1	size, ease of practice, 
0	None
0	none
1	Hi quality sleek camera with megapixel capability for a great price
1	HI quality sleek camera with megapixel capability for a neat price
1	durable, inexpensive, lightweight, in-style, good clarity
1	durable, inexpensive, lightweight, in-style, expert clarity
1	It's faster than the one I replaced.
1	It's faster than the one I supersede.
1	Outstanding features and updated technology make this phone a great choice
1	undischarged features and updated technology make this phone a peachy choice
0	Little Flimbsey, battery power, antenna isn't stubby.
0	picayune Flimbsey, battery power, antenna isn't stubby.
1	Great battery life.  Call receptions much improved over my other phone.
1	Great battery life.  holler receptions much meliorate over my other phone.
0	No carrying case or accesories included, despite the hefty price 549.99!
0	No hold case or accesories included, despite the sinewy price 549.99!
0	Straps on car seat too short
0	Straps on car seat too unawares
0	None.
0	none.
0	Not very many ringers.
0	Not very many clone.
0	Weak flash, no USB interface, frequent red-eye
0	Weak newsbreak, no USB interface, frequent red-eye
1	Attractive phone with loads of features.
1	Attractive phone with lode of features.
1	Reasonable price, inexpensive black ink cartridges, 35-page document feeder.
1	Reasonable price, inexpensive fatal ink cartridges, 35-page document feeder.
1	Looks good, solid, nice display, good pictures.
1	Looks good, hearty, nice display, good pictures.
1	Great pictures
1	Great video
1	Really easy to use.  Excellent quality photos.
1	Really easy to utilise.  Excellent quality photos.
1	External LCD, Looks great
1	External LCD, feeling great
0	Slow serial port is a bit old fashioned
0	Slow serial port is a bit old fashion
0	NO USB port.  TERRIBLE Sprint/Kyocera service to fix major bug.
0	No USB port.  direful Sprint/Kyocera service to fix major bug.
0	sound quality
0	sound character
1	Ideal for our low-intensity home printing needs.
1	saint for our low-intensity home printing needs.
0	You decide
0	You adjudicate
0	Does not vibrate
0	set not vibrate
1	Cheap, Lots of Features
1	cheap, Lots of Features
1	3.3 megapixel, great image quality, accurate colors, auto exposure bracketing, remote control 
1	3.3 megapixel, corking image select, accurate colors, auto exposure bracketing, remote control 
1	Nice small size, point and shoot ease, lots of extra features, slick looking camera.
1	Nice small size, point and shoot ease, lots of extra features, sly expect camera.
1	Small, Flip design, Net capable, Voicemail, 2 way radio, Caller ID
1	Small, Flip design, Net capable, Voicemail, ii way wireless, Caller ID
0	no manual focus
0	no manual nidus
0	Small for a palm, large for a phone
0	Small for a medal, large for a phone
0	Short battery life, max. 2x optical zoom, no provision for external flash
0	light battery life, max. 2x optical soar, no provision for external flash
1	Good old Nokia menus and features
1	Good older Nokia menus and features
1	Small, stylish, excellent quailty of pictures, easy to use, very complete package
1	belittled, stylish, excellent quailty of figure, easy to use, very complete package
1	Inexpensive, Good Picture Quality, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, Good Picture timber, easy to use
0	a little hard to hold 
0	a slight hard to hold 
0	Display and keypad can be hard to see because of glare and reflections
0	Display and keypad can be hard to find because of glare and thoughtfulness
1	Sleek, stylish, not heavy, reasonably priced, sturdy, I haven't had trouble with it...
1	aerodynamic, stylish, not heavy, reasonably priced, sturdy, ace haven't had trouble with it...
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, dandy screen, broadband, speakerphone big phone book, transflash
0	Poor quality,clarity is horrible-both ends.Poor reception.Too long of a list.
0	Poor character,lucidness is horrible-both ends.Poor reception.Too long of a list.
0	Everything. It does not print properly
0	Everything. It does not print decently
0	average battery life
0	average battery aliveness
0	Poor zoom.  Lack of memory.
0	Poor soar.  Lack of memory.
1	size, ease of use, battery life
1	size, ease of use, barrage life
0	Bigger and heavier than other digital cameras.
0	big and heavier than other digital cameras.
0	Torturous belt clip; battery on its last breath; no alarm clock.
0	Torturous whang clip; bombardment on its last breath; no alarm clock.
1	Quality of picture
1	Quality of scene
0	Loud
0	tacky
0	large, heavy and expensive
0	large, laborious and expensive
0	None
0	none
0	Some may view as bulky. Battery life only average. Pricey.
0	Some may prospect as bulky. Battery liveliness only average. Pricey.
1	none
1	none
0	No manual focusing
0	No manual centering
1	Compact, cheap, color, miraculously the software isn't buggy
1	Compact, punk, color, miraculously the software isn't buggy
1	Sleek look. Clear, great uptime, no flaws as of yet
1	Sleek aspect. realize, great uptime, no flaws as of yet
0	Gives error sometimes
0	give error sometimes
0	NO HIGH SPEED INTERNET CONNECTIVITY (slower than 9600 bps!)
0	NO richly SPEED INTERNET CONNECTIVITY (slower than 9600 bps!)
1	inexpensive, lightweight, video recording capable, 8 Megs, 500 Photos or 4.5 mins
1	inexpensive, lightweight, video recording capable, 8 Megs, 500 Photos or iv.quint mins
1	Decent image quality, cheap, USB, 128MB SmartMedia support, clear LCD
1	Decent fancy quality, tinny, USB, 128MB SmartMedia support, clear LCD
1	Small, cute tv screen, I got money back after rebate, custom features
1	small, cute tv screen, I catch money back after rebate, custom features
0	NC 3 software,camera underexposes
0	NC III software,camera underexposes
0	none
0	none
1	Manual settings, CarlZeiss lens, MPEG movie mode, InfoLithium battery
1	Manual scene, CarlZeiss lens, MPEG movie mode, InfoLithium battery
0	slow serial connection, flimsy design, VERY short battery life
0	slow serial connection, flimsy design, VERY little battery life
1	interface, compatibility with earlier models
1	interface, compatibility with early models
0	slow, prints green 
0	slow, prints park 
0	very buggy software
0	very buggy package
0	Takes up a little more space than I thought
0	contract up a little more space than I thought
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	Better than the V710 but lull not perfrect.
1	Lightweight, small, great webcam
1	Lightweight, small-scale, great webcam
1	Ease of saving the images, Great images, Stylish, Quite Sturdy
1	Ease of saving the images, Great simulacrum, Stylish, quite Sturdy
0	WAP 1.2, Size bit bulky,OS hangs-up
0	WAP 1.2, Size scrap bulky,OS hangs-up
0	Ink usage;clogged heads, reliability may be an issue w/ extensive use.
0	Ink usage;clogged heads, reliability may be an take west/ extensive use.
0	price, 8 MB CF card, no AC included adapter, weak flash, ISO 100 exposure only
0	price, octonary MB CF poster, no AC included adapter, weak flash, ISO hundred exposure only
0	none
0	none
1	Dual cartridge printer, can use a photo cartridge.
1	Dual cartridge printer, can utilize a photo cartridge.
0	Just a little awkward in the trunk.
0	precisely a little awkward in the trunk.
1	excellent vivid output and peppy for a color laserjet
1	excellent vivid output and zippy for a color laserjet
1	light, portable
1	calorie-free, portable
0	more expensive than many others
0	more expensive than many others
0	Big, flimsy output tray, no USB cable included
0	boastful, flimsy output tray, no USB cable included
1	Low price, Decent output
1	Low price, Decent outturn
0	exposure metering iffy, compact flash card too small
0	vulnerability metering iffy, compact flash card too small
0	software
0	package
0	Pics take up a lot of memory
0	Pics take up a pile of memory
1	Optical Zoom, great pictures, great price
1	Optical Zoom, great pictures, great cost
0	hassles with toner smudiging
0	beset with toner smudiging
1	Good sound quality, long battery life, nice looks and extensive set of features
1	sound sound quality, long battery life, nice looks and extensive localise of features
1	Good picture quality, easy to use, compact and small, lighweight, good features
1	Good characterisation quality, easy to purpose, compact and small, lighweight, good features
1	good resolution in this price range, easy operation, lens mount, tripod mount
1	respectable resolution in this price range, well-off operation, lens mount, tripod mount
0	Terribly slow text output.
0	Terribly dim text output.
0	Gets squeaky and flimsy on the long run
0	sire squeaky and flimsy on the long run
0	Print time
0	print time
0	Price
0	terms
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
1	undivided charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  commodity keypad.
0	none
0	none
0	Not constant picture quality
0	Not constant characterisation quality
1	Quick, good print quality, reliable paper-handling and inexpensive
1	Quick, honorable print quality, reliable paper-handling and inexpensive
0	Batteries go a little fast. Bring along 2 or 3 sets of rechargables
0	Batteries go a little fast. Bring along 2 or deuce-ace band of rechargables
0	Short Battery Life, Small Flash card included
0	short Battery Life, Small Flash card included
0	battery hogger, but has rechargeable batteries included
0	battery hogger, but has rechargeable bombardment included
1	Great all in one combo for the money.
1	Great all in unmatchable combo for the money.
1	Speedy, and individual colour cartridges.  Out tray folds up to save space.
1	Speedy, and soul colour cartridges.  tabu tray folds up to save space.
0	Battery Life, No Optical Zoom, Doesn't Come with Rechargable Batteries
0	shelling life, No Optical Zoom, Doesn't Come with Rechargable Batteries
1	Great quality for the money
1	neat quality for the money
0	Sprint PCS customer service is slow.  Lots of problems with "Wireless Web"
0	Sprint microcomputer customer service is slow.  lots of problems with "Wireless Web"
1	Quick text, Quality prints, Few jams, Durable, USB or Parallel, Long-lasting ink
1	Quick text, quality prints, Few block, Durable, USB or Parallel, Long-lasting ink
0	none
0	none
0	Little bulky, not much memory.
0	short bulky, not much memory.
0	Picture quality(dpi) is not the best
0	flick quality(dpi) is not the best
0	Finding one with all the extras at the lower price
0	Finding nonpareil with all the extras at the scurvy price
1	Outstanding value
1	great value
0	Expensive, antennas break constantly
0	Expensive, antennas bankrupt constantly
1	very good reception i.e. signal strength. Very good battery life
1	very commodity reception i.e. signal strength. Very good battery aliveness
1	Stylish design and compact.
1	Stylish design and thickset.
0	Terrible for outside. Fuzzy pictures. Plastic battery compartment might break.
0	Terrible for outside. Fuzzy pictures. shaping battery compartment might relegate.
0	Horrible reception
0	ugly reception
1	Easily accessible rear seating for preschooler
1	Easily accessible parent seating for preschooler
0	You have to remove the lens cap before you turn it on
0	You have to transfer the lens cap before you go it on
1	http://www.epinions.com/welcome.html?member=schumanfu2  
1	HTTP://www.epinions.com/welcome.html?member=schumanfu2  
1	Large colour display, predictitative text messaging
1	large colour display, predictitative text messaging
0	It's basically a disposable camera after 200 shots
0	It's basically a disposable camera after cc shots
1	Quality of pics, size, weight
1	Quality of movie, size, weight
1	Extensive features, options, and accessories
1	all-encompassing features, options, and accessories
0	does not work with linux
0	does not study with linux
1	Small for a flip phone, dual LCD displays, sturdy, easy to use interface, includes headset
1	pocket-sized for a flip phone, dual LCD show, sturdy, slowly to use interface, includes headset
1	intuitive operating system, easy to use, good battery life.
1	intuitive manoeuvre system, easy to use, good battery life.
0	Microphone button too easy to activate.
0	Microphone button too easy to trip.
0	Viewfinder scratches easily, comes with only a 16mb Flash card
0	Viewfinder scratches easily, number with only a 16mb Flash notice
0	Durability may not be great. Hard to handle.
0	Durability may not be peachy. Hard to handle.
1	Excellent quality, Ease of Use
1	Excellent quality, Ease of practice
0	poor quality
0	poor choice
0	keypad light distracting, small buttons, on/off switch requires heavy hand
0	keypad easy distracting, small buttons, on/off switch requires clayey hand
0	Smaller screen than some PDA phones, battery life
0	Smaller screen than some PDA headphone, battery life
1	Easy to hold, very clear sound, no zone-outs
1	Easy to throw, very clear sound, no zone-outs
0	doesnt get a very strong signal when travelling
0	doesnt flummox a very strong signal when travelling
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	bombardment life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, full customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	Small size and good battery life.
1	Small size and secure battery life.
1	2.1 megapixel, ease of use, color rendition pretty accurate, tracking on viewfinder better than older models
1	2.1 megapixel, ease of manipulation, color rendition pretty accurate, cover on viewfinder better than erstwhile models
0	No Windows XP support; No GPRS upgrade; No USB connection; No vibrate function
0	No Windows XP abide; No GPRS upgrade; No USB connection; No vibrate officiate
1	Ease of Use, Picture Quality
1	Ease of expend, Picture Quality
0	Less than stellar manual, price varies greatly, button placement could be awkward for lefties.
0	Less than star manual, price motley greatly, button placement could be awkward for lefties.
0	ate bateries
0	feed bateries
0	Sprint PCS support people overwhelmed.
0	Sprint PCS keep people overwhelmed.
0	Horrable Battery Life, Sucky Service, Sucky Customer Support!
0	Horrable Battery aliveness, Sucky Service, Sucky Customer Support!
0	None that I have  noticed
0	None that iodine have  noticed
1	Has all the features, small sleek design, reliable.
1	give all the features, small sleek design, reliable.
1	Very good quality printing
1	Very good prize printing
1	Great reception, and pretty durable
1	neat reception, and pretty durable
1	looks, size
1	expect, size
1	good specs; completely automatic; detailed images with excellent colour; mindlessly easy use; 2x optical zoom
1	soundly specs; completely automatic; detail prototype with excellent colour; mindlessly easy use; 2x optical zoom
1	Easy to use, good color quality, low price
1	Easy to use, secure color quality, low price
0	Warm up time is 7 mins when turned on.
0	Warm up clip is 7 mins when turned on.
0	won't easily bleed to bottom edge of paper
0	won't easily leech to bottom edge of paper
0	None
0	none
0	No rechargeable batteries, charger or AC adaptor. No USB support for Windows 95. No sound for video. Large size.
0	No rechargeable batteries, charger or AC adaptor. No USB back for windowpane 95. No sound for picture. Large size.
1	10x optical zoom. Color and Quality!. FUN!
1	10x optical zoom. Color and character!. FUN!
1	Easy storage and easy to manuver. VERY durable!!
1	soft storage and easy to manuver. VERY durable!!
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	well if it weren't a lemon... phonation activation, display clarity, ringtone option
1	A Top Class Mobile Phone.
1	A whirligig Class Mobile Phone.
0	Flimsy antenna
0	onionskin antenna
0	Noisy paper feed (but reliable) and average photo printing; flat bed copying only. 
0	Noisy paper prey (but reliable) and average photo printing; flat fuck copying only. 
1	Camera, nice features, small and cute, records my voice.
1	Camera, nice features, small and cute, memorialise my voice.
0	none that I have seen
0	none that I have ascertain
0	Easy to lose.
0	wanton to lose.
0	dual mode, not very durable, no vibrate or other necessary features, menu
0	twofold mode, not very durable, no vibrate or other necessary lineament, menu
1	The t68i phone is feature packed.  Ringtones, backgrounds, contacts etc... can be sync'd w/ Outlook.
1	The t68i phone is feature carry.  Ringtones, backgrounds, contact etc... can be sync'd watt/ Outlook.
1	price, features, inclusions, size and weight, ability to use a tripod
1	price, features, inclusions, size and burden, ability to enjoyment a tripod
0	A frustrating exercise in planned obsolescence.
0	A frustrating example in planned obsolescence.
0	none that I can think of
0	none that I can suppose of
1	Great price, small, most of the special features i like, large easily browseable phone book
1	cracking cost, small, most of the special features i alike, large easily browseable phone book
0	Terrible image quality before fix
0	Terrible image quality before mend
1	tailorable menu shortcuts, speaker for quick hands free option
1	tailorable menu shortcuts, speaker for quick hands dislodge option
1	A very solid phone with great looks&#13;&#10;Easy to use
1	A very solid phone with great feeling&#13;&#10;Easy to utilise
1	Great image quality, software easy to use
1	Great image quality, software comfortable to use
1	a great affordable printer, that prints excellent with heavy weight paper
1	a corking affordable printer, that prints excellent with dense weight paper
1	Small size, external LCD
1	Small size, outside LCD
0	Verizon Disabled Features
0	Verizon handicapped Features
1	Clear, nice size, (I don't like too small phones), low price
1	authorise, nice size, (I don't like too small phones), low-toned price
0	Jams Alot tho!
0	cram Alot tho!
0	Basket inaccessible when using with infant car seat
0	Basket unaccessible when using with infant car seat
1	Cheap
1	trashy
1	Easy to use; Good quality pictures
1	Easy to use; safe quality pictures
0	640x480 is the highest resolution and 320x240 resolution is USELESS
0	640x480 is the highest firmness and 320x240 solving is USELESS
1	Brilliant photo quality prints. Perfect colour images. Borderless prints
1	Brilliant photo select prints. Perfect colour images. Borderless prints
1	Relatively Inexpensive to purchase
1	comparatively Inexpensive to purchase
1	professional options
1	professional option
1	easy to operate
1	light to operate
0	Would be nice to have a case, only 16MB flash card supplied
0	Would be nice to have a case, only 16MB flashing posting supplied
0	It just plan stinks
0	It just project stinks
1	Easy to lear, good resolution, inexpensive
1	Easy to lear, adept resolution, inexpensive
0	sensitive to motion in low light
0	sensitive to motion in low perch
0	LCD is a little small.
0	LCD is a piffling small.
0	Small buttons, as most users will tell you.
0	pocket-size buttons, as most users will tell you.
1	Great Value, 12ppm, Decent Quality
1	Great Value, 12ppm, Decent timbre
0	manual feed location, software
0	manual feed positioning, software
1	4 in 1  system, big tires, easy to fold, ample space
1	4 in 1  system, magnanimous tires, easy to fold, ample quad
1	Great pictures, compact to carry, easy to use.
1	Great pictures, compact to carry, easy to purpose.
1	Nice slim design; no visible antenna; big display; Picture messages; EMS; WAP; Cheap price.
1	Nice slight design; no visible antenna; bounteous display; Picture messages; EMS; WAP; Cheap price.
0	none
0	none
1	Very fast for high quality output. Very quiet
1	Very fast for high quality output. Very quiesce
1	Compact size, universal parts availability, price, interchangeability of faceplates/batteries, SMS and email compatible
1	compress size, universal percentage availability, price, interchangeability of faceplates/batteries, SMS and email compatible
0	Only The Price.
0	solitary The Price.
0	no basket, PRICE!!
0	no basket, cost!!
0	Horrible Professional Install Car Kit Accessory. Cuts in and out - regularly
0	atrocious Professional Install Car Kit Accessory. slew in and out - regularly
0	Cost of paper, poor documentation
0	Cost of report, poor documentation
1	Image quality, panoramic, rechargeables included, remote control, swivel LCD.
1	see quality, panoramic, rechargeables included, remote control, swivel LCD.
1	Zoom is very good 16x - Floppy Disk saves - MOTION !
1	Zoom is very good 16x - Floppy Disk preserve - MOTION !
0	Taking a $500 camera out with me makes me a tad nervouse...
0	remove a $500 camera out with me stool me a tad nervouse...
1	Very good print output quality and inexpensive.
1	really good print output quality and inexpensive.
1	Small enough to fit in your pocket. Vibration alert.Good display.
1	Small enough to burst in your pocket. Vibration spanking.Good display.
0	Short battery life, no optical zoom, confusing controls.
0	Short battery life, no optical zoom, confusing contain.
0	No accessories, no downloadable ringers, games, backgrounds ect.,
0	no accessories, no downloadable ringers, games, backgrounds ect.,
1	Battery Life, Durable
1	Battery lifetime, Durable
0	Buggy screen, model is long in the tooth
0	loco screen, model is long in the tooth
0	User-friendliness, keypad display, keypad heat, fewer extra features.
0	User-friendliness, keypad display, keypad warmth, fewer extra features.
0	Bulky, print quality is average
0	Bulky, mark quality is average
1	sony mavica's the best product for the money
1	sony mavica's the skillful product for the money
0	Hyper-sensitive microphone. Occasional re-dials required.
0	Hyper-sensitive microphone. Occasional re-dials want.
0	a little on the expensive side
0	a little on the expensive incline
1	Top notch quality throughout - and photo quality that looks like it came out of a darkroom
1	summit notch caliber throughout - and photo lineament that looks like it came out of a darkroom
1	lightweight, maneuverability
1	jackanapes, maneuverability
0	none yet
0	none nonetheless
1	Accessories out the a**, downloadable ringtones, messaging & basic email
1	accessary out the a**, downloadable ringtones, messaging & basic email
0	Short  battery life, practically useless memory card, AC adapter not included.
0	Short  battery animation, practically useless memory card, actinium adapter not included.
1	Cute Appearance, Cool Ringers, Excellent Color Display, External Caller ID, etc..
1	Cute Appearance, coolheaded Ringers, Excellent distort Display, External Caller ID, etc..
0	Like anything else, it's behind technology once you walk out the store.
0	Like anything else, it's can technology once you pass out the store.
1	compact, double fold, nylon fabric
1	concordat, double fold, nylon fabric
0	Doesn't have interchangeable lenses
0	Doesn't have exchangeable lenses
0	Video mode only record for 15 seconds, The memory card is too small
0	Video style only record for 15 seconds, The storage card is too small
1	Great PDA/phone combination, easy to cary around
1	Great PDA/phone combining, easy to cary around
1	Fast, no jamming, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for that matter
1	quick, no jam, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for that matter
1	Sleek, Compact, many features.
1	Sleek, press, many features.
0	Power button flies off if you sneeze, Missing/Delayed messages
0	king button flies off if you sternutation, Missing/Delayed messages
1	Was recommended highly by many people., Printed well in black and white and in color.
1	Was commend highly by many people., Printed easily in grim and white and in color.
0	Expensive ink cartridges.
0	Expensive ink magazine.
0	The Cost Of Ink Is A Little Below Average
0	The Cost Of Ink constitute A Little Below Average
1	Easy to use,Tough
1	well-off to use,Tough
0	Everything...and I do mean EVERYTHING!
0	Everything...and ace do mean EVERYTHING!
0	Three- (instead of five-) point harness, tiny storage basket.
0	Three- (instead of five-) point harness, tiny repositing basket.
0	Small viewing screen
0	Small viewing screenland
1	Very light
1	rattling light
0	Cheap memory card slot cover/eject button.  Not so great outdoor shots.  LCD is a bit weak on brightness when using indoors at night with normal lighting.  
0	trashy memory card slot cover/exclude button.  non so great outdoor shots.  LCD is a bit weak on brightness when habituate indoors at night with normal firing.  
1	Fast, small, affordable
1	Fast, modest, affordable
0	battery life too short...
0	battery lifespan too short...
0	Pretty bulky if you want a travel camera
0	Pretty bulky if you want a locomotion camera
0	uses a lot of batteries
0	expend a lot of batteries
1	Affordable, user-friendly 2 megapixel camera with USB interface; uses common AA batteries.
1	Affordable, user-friendly 2 megapixel camera with USB port; practice common AA batteries.
1	Nikon quality
1	Nikon calibre
0	Poor software. Flimsy Design. Be prepared to spend money on accessories that should be included.
0	Poor software. slight intent. Be fix to spend money on accessories that should be included.
1	it is really easy to use. , 
1	it is very easy to use. , 
0	Average battery life,
0	Average battery lifespan,
1	4MP, f2.0 3x zoom, excellent battery life, tilt/swivel LCD, 32 MB CF card.
1	4MP, f2.nought 3x zoom, excellent battery life, controversy/swivel LCD, 32 MB CF carte.
0	Large Camera, better picture quality, night blindness, faster disk cycle time
0	boastfully Camera, practiced picture quality, night blindness, faster disk cycle time
1	Ergonomically and aesthetically pleasing, more features than Ben & Jerry's flavors
1	Ergonomically and aesthetically pleasing, more boast than Ben & Jerry's savour
1	Size, Well back lit, ability to use data kit.
1	Size, Well backward lit, ability to use data kit.
0	On the noisy side
0	On the noisy English
1	Unbeatable price, high quality output
1	Unbeatable price, highschool quality output
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Great photo prints, easy to use
1	enceinte photo prints, easy to use
0	Lense cap, no lense adapters
0	lens cap, no lense adapters
1	Picture Quality, lots of features
1	Picture Quality, sight of features
1	Organic Color Display, Style, Ease of use
1	Organic Color Display, panache, Ease of use
1	Quick, Good Crisp Pages, Quiet
1	Quick, Good Crisp Pages, placid
1	Large color screen, wireless internet, speakerphone, easy navigation, Voice Dialing & GPS
1	Large color test, wireless internet, speakerphone, easy piloting, Voice Dialing & GPS
0	nothing
0	naught
1	Customizable, good battery life, takes a beating
1	Customizable, good battery life, remove a beating
1	Small size, easy to use, cool looking
1	Small size, easy to use, nerveless looking
1	Small enough to handle easily
1	humble enough to handle easily
0	Poor Battery life, slow processor speed, faded lcd screen.
0	Poor Battery life, irksome processor speed, faded lcd screen.
1	Clarity, battery life, price ($19.95 with car charger)
1	Clarity, battery life, price ($19.95 with motorcar charger)
1	Very small and light weight.
1	Very small and light weightiness.
1	small; nicely shaped; excellent interface; fantastic battery life; quality screen; very durable; awesome volume control
1	small; nicely shaped; splendid interface; fantastic battery sprightliness; quality screen; very durable; amazing volume control
1	Easy to set up USB, price, color printing quality
1	Easy to set up USB, price, discolor printing quality
0	Not enough time to play with it.  Some fixable compatibility problems with older programs.
0	Not enough time to diddle with it.  Some fixable compatibility problems with senior programs.
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	well if it weren't a lemon... vocalisation activation, display lucidity, ringtone selection
0	Unacceptably low battery life from standard AA batts, does not include AC Adapter.
0	Unacceptably grim battery life from received AA batts, does not include AC Adapter.
1	Small size, solid build, voice dialing, external display
1	Small size, firm build, voice dialing, external display
0	side control button location, shows fingerprints
0	side control button placement, shows fingerprints
1	WONDERFUL photo quality
1	WONDERFUL photo caliber
0	Conflict with AVI chipset renders printer virtually unusable
0	battle with AVI chipset renders printer virtually unusable
1	Print quality was nice for home printing with color
1	Print quality was nice for home impression with color
1	Small, light weight, good signal and sound quality, and cheap.
1	Small, wanton weight, safe signal and sound quality, and cheap.
1	Size, Durable, Ease of use
1	Size, Durable, Ease of expend
0	Paper feed mistakes, software errors, hardware incompatibility
0	composition feed mistakes, software errors, hardware incompatibility
0	The power zoom and digital viewfinder take some practice; proprietary battery
0	The might zoom and digital viewfinder take some exercise; proprietary battery
0	Lack of games, size (size matters to some).
0	miss of games, size (size matters to some).
0	mediocre sound quality, some strange glitches
0	mediocre good quality, some strange glitches
0	I had problems with the drivers, but updates fixed it up quick.
0	I had trouble with the drivers, but updates desexualise it up quick.
0	No Speaker Phone, Earpiece not included in the package.
0	No verbalizer Phone, Earpiece not included in the package.
0	HAVE TO HOLD THE PHONE DIRECTLY OVER THE EAR TO HEAR WELL!
0	HAVE TO bear THE PHONE DIRECTLY OVER THE EAR TO HEAR easily!
1	Cheap(ish!), Decent laser printer
1	tacky(ish!), Decent laser printer
0	Touchy, slow focus, no a/c adapter, no movie sound, no autofocus
0	Touchy, slow concenter, no a/c transcriber, no movie sound, no autofocus
1	Ease  of Use
1	relief  of Use
0	Standard memory is low, full documentation only on CD-ROM
0	Standard memory is scummy, full documentation only on CD-ROM
0	Accessories are a little pricey.
0	Accessories are a footling pricey.
1	OBEX capable Bluetooth, MP3 ring tones, Speaker phone, texting, Picture and E-mail made easy.
1	OBEX capable Bluetooth, MP3 ring tones, Speaker phone, texting, picture and E-mail made slowly.
1	printer is cheap, and good for text, easy to use
1	printer is chinchy, and undecomposed for text, easy to use
1	Great photos, cool features, easy to use, very versatile
1	Great photos, cool features, easy to role, very versatile
1	Voice dial, stylish appearance, personalized ringtones
1	sound dial, stylish appearance, personalized ringtones
0	Ink Cartidges are expensive
0	ink Cartidges are expensive
0	no floppy flash disk
0	no floppy trice disk
0	It's so small, I sometimes lose it!!
0	It's so small, unity sometimes lose it!!
1	Inexpensive, good for kids
1	Inexpensive, good for josh
0	Pricey and should come with more memory cards and an AC adaptor for the money.
0	high-priced and should hail with more memory bill and an AC adaptor for the money.
0	haven't taken the time to figure out the remote
0	haven't taken the time to see out the remote
1	great color, easy setup, prints large-format, PostScript available as an option
1	great colorize, easy setup, prints large-format, addendum available as an option
1	Fabulous pic quality, many manual features
1	Fabulous photograph quality, many manual features
0	No 800x600, only six images per disk
0	No 800x600, only six picture per disk
1	comparable to higher priced models
1	comparable to high-pitched priced models
0	Goes through batteries very fast
0	conk through batteries very fast
1	swivel body, multiple modes, ease of use in automatic mode, quality of images
1	swivel consistence, multiple modes, ease of use in automatic mode, select of images
1	Sturdy and Full-featured
1	stout and Full-featured
0	Text not perfect, speed not fast
0	Text not perfect, hurry not fast
1	Small size, rechargeable batteries, excellent picture quality, Sony Reputation
1	Small size, rechargeable batteries, excellent icon quality, Sony Reputation
0	Some what cheap feeling, bad face plates
0	Some what cheap find, bad face plates
0	A bit bulky
0	A turn bulky
1	Came free with my computer, works OK
1	Came free with my computer, process OK
0	Lack of optical zoom; battery compartment
0	Lack of optical surge; battery compartment
1	Compact, Indiglo, Evironment Feature
1	heavyset, Indiglo, Evironment Feature
0	Unforgiving flash
0	Unforgiving gaudy
0	Poor clarity, expensive downloads, horrible ringtones, poor quality camera.
0	Poor clarity, expensive download, horrible ringtones, poor quality camera.
0	Poor battery life, worthless camera, not as intuitive as LG's
0	inadequate barrage life, worthless camera, not as intuitive as LG's
0	None Noted
0	None note
1	Easy to use and lightweight
1	Easy to manipulation and lightweight
1	Durability, interface, battery.
1	Durability, interface, barrage.
0	Some limited features
0	Some set features
1	Scanner/Copier/Printer, USB and Parallel Port, Good Software, All Around Good Package
1	Scanner/copier/Printer, USB and Parallel Port, Good Software, All Around thoroughly Package
0	bulky; no color display; ringer is a little soft
0	bulky; no gloss display; ringer is a little soft
1	size,bluetooth,color display,battery life
1	size,bluetooth,color showing,battery life
0	Buttons can be hard to figure out.
0	clitoris can be hard to figure out.
1	its cool and cute
1	its chill and cute
1	Video Clip playback, Color, Camera, Java Support
1	Video Clip playback, Color, Camera, Java support
1	Dirt Cheap, simple drivers, compact unit
1	grease Cheap, simple drivers, compact unit
1	VERY simple
1	very simple
0	None
0	none
0	No 4x6 photo slot, with this print quality, it should be there!
0	No 4x6 exposure slot, with this print calibre, it should be there!
0	absolutely nothing
0	absolutely zip
0	No USB
0	nobelium USB
0	must accessorize, semi-long time for picture to load
0	must accessorize, semi-long time for icon to load
0	Small, light, everyone has one, no web browser, weak signal
0	small, light-colored, everyone has one, no web browser, weak signal
1	Beautiful, 007-ish, extremely thinness
1	Beautiful, 007-ish, extremely sparseness
1	Great camera
1	heavy camera
0	had the camera for a about a year and a half and cant think of  any cons
0	had the camera for a about a yr and a half and slang opine of  any cons
1	Voice-dial works well.  Good battery life. Phone-PDA integration is ok
1	Voice-dial works well.  Good battery spirit. Phone-PDA integration is okey
0	poor battery, buggy software that freezes up
0	poor shelling, buggy software that freezes up
1	compact size, ease of use, picture quality
1	compact size, ease of purpose, picture quality
1	Easy to use basic functions, large clear LCD preview, inexpensive memory modules
1	Easy to use basic role, enceinte clear LCD preview, inexpensive memory modules
1	ease of use
1	relieve of use
0	Only 2 Megapixel, Movies can only be taken for 15 seconds
0	Only deuce Megapixel, Movies can only be necessitate for 15 seconds
0	We wish the battery life was longer.
0	We wish the battery life was yearner.
0	Unable to print on goldenrod color paper! 
0	Unable to print on goldenrod color composition! 
0	High priced, no built in games, a Nokia has more features
0	heights priced, no built in games, a Nokia has more characteristic
1	Low price, average printer, scanner, and copier function with good fax capabilities, easy to use control panel and easily read LCD, good amount of memory for memory fax reception
1	Low price, average printer, scanner, and copier map with good fax capabilities, easy to function control panel and easily read LCD, sound quantity of memory for retentiveness fax reception
1	Inkwells refill easily.
1	Inkwells refill well.
1	Compact and metallic body.
1	compact and metallic body.
1	Ease of use - definately
1	Ease of habit - definately
0	Focus can be tricky, some preview modes are less than optimal, not 35mm yet
0	center can be tricky, some preview modality are less than optimal, not 35mm yet
1	Rugged construction, decent pictures in well lit areas.
1	Rugged structure, decent pictures in well lit areas.
0	None yet
0	None hitherto
1	Small, tri-mode, full-featured, exterior LCD, SMS, vibrate+ring, voice-activated dialing.
1	Small, tri-mode, full-featured, exterior LCD, MS, vibrate+environ, voice-activated dialing.
1	Fast, sharp output for the money. seldom jams
1	Fast, sharp output for the money. seldom jampack
1	Good camera for the money.
1	adept camera for the money.
1	Size and Best resolution you can get today (8/02) for under $450.
1	Size and salutary resolution you can incur today (8/02) for under $450.
0	read all opinions for the cons
0	read all persuasion for the cons
1	compact
1	stocky
1	excellent, uncomparable quality
1	excellent, uncomparable timber
1	Great reception and good battery life
1	Great reception and ripe battery life
1	Just what you'd expect/hope.  Features are solid.
1	Just what you'd expect/promise.  Features are solid.
0	not as high quality as the more expensive brands
0	not as heights quality as the more expensive brands
1	Compact size, quality build, decent photo quality, CF card capable
1	Compact size, quality build, decent exposure quality, cf card capable
0	Dark indoor photos
0	morose indoor photos
1	Radio, messaging options...
1	Radio, message options...
1	Quick, easy installation, good print
1	Quick, easy installation, secure print
1	Image-quality, Ease-of-use, Build-quality, Ergonomics
1	Image-quality, Ease-of-use, Build-quality, biotechnology
1	Price; Speed; Quality
1	Price; swiftness; Quality
1	Takes excellent photographs and is easy to use
1	Takes excellent photographs and is easy to function
1	Everything!
1	Everything!
0	none
0	none
0	Supplied battery doesn't last very long without a charge.
0	Supplied battery doesn't lastly very long without a charge.
0	No flat bed scanner
0	No matted bed scanner
1	Attractive look, small, external screen
1	Attractive bet, small, external screen
1	there are no pros, except that well its a well built phone survived every drop!!!
1	there are no pros, except that well its a well built telephone live every pearl!!!
0	expensive accessories; voice command isn't very good
0	expensive accessories; voice bidding isn't very good
1	Easy to use, reliant
1	comfortable to use, reliant
0	ease of feature-use (lack thereof)
0	rest of feature-use (lack thereof)
1	Rechargeable Battery, Easy to use, super disk drive
1	Rechargeable shelling, Easy to use, super disk drive
0	Everything!
0	Everything!
1	PDA and phone, smaller than previous model, good reception
1	PDA and call, smaller than previous model, good reception
1	Easy to use, very clear pictures, and lots of features 
1	Easy to use, very exonerate pictures, and scads of features 
1	Fantastic image quality
1	Fantastic double quality
0	CUSTOMER SERVICE
0	CUSTOMER Service
1	Low Cost, good black text printing
1	Low Cost, secure black text printing
0	moderate picture quality
0	moderate show quality
0	Not a HP
0	non a HP
0	Costly cartridges ($30 vs. $20 for Epson)
0	costly cartridges ($30 vs. $20 for Epson)
0	no parent tray
0	no raise tray
1	decent display, good ringtones, good price
1	decent display, good ringtones, estimable price
1	Prices and Picture Quality
1	Prices and icon Quality
0	None
0	none
1	Pictures taken stored on floppy disk
1	Pictures ask stored on floppy disk
0	Navigation can take some getting used to, no direct buttons for volume control
0	Navigation can fill some fetch used to, no direct buttons for volume control
1	Voice Recognition, Vibrating ring, IR connectivity w/ PDA, Ring Profiles
1	vocalization Recognition, Vibrating ring, IR connectivity w/ PDA, pack Profiles
1	A small affordable color printer that is easy to set up and use.
1	A small affordable coloration printer that is easy to dress up and use.
0	No industry standard headset connector.
0	No industry stock headset connector.
1	Price, size and 
1	terms, size and 
1	Great image results; many options; lots of storage
1	Great image solution; many options; lots of storage
1	Almost everything is GREAT!
1	Almost everything is expectant!
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	safe than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	Easy to use, highly versatile, affordable.
1	slow to use, highly versatile, affordable.
1	Inexpensive, very easy to use.
1	Inexpensive, very comfortable to use.
0	limited storage
0	fix storage
1	lightweight, compact, USB cables included, prints directly to HP printers w/ computer
1	lightweight, squeeze, USB cables included, print directly to HP printers w/ computer
1	small, lightweight, easy to use, lots of features
1	small, jackanapes, easy to use, lots of features
1	Stylish, with many features.
1	Stylish, with many characteristic.
0	none
0	none
0	Product Quality (Display)
0	Product prize (Display)
1	Ease of installation, crispness of printing, talking software
1	Ease of installation, crispness of printing, talk software
0	None Whatsoever
0	None whatsoever
1	Comfortable, stylish, folds easily, huge storage
1	Comfortable, stylish, bend easily, huge storage
1	Small
1	minor
0	Only one cartridge
0	just one cartridge
1	none compared to similar products
1	none compared to standardized products
1	Lots of features and great flexibility
1	hatful of features and great flexibility
0	Windows-only, has some problems with feeding envelopes
0	Windows-only, has some problems with feed envelopes
0	read on
0	learn on
1	Clear printing quality, smooth paper loading, great price
1	clear printing quality, smooth paper loading, great price
1	All features like- Voice Dial, Vibrating Alert, Profiles etc.
1	totally features like- Voice Dial, Vibrating Alert, Profiles etc.
1	Reception, Contact List, Tri-Mode
1	response, Contact List, Tri-Mode
1	Great images, pocketable, fast and easy to use.
1	Great images, pocketable, fast and promiscuous to use.
0	Perhaps a little bit bit but it is the compromise with the Palm !
0	peradventure a footling bit bit but it is the compromise with the Palm !
1	Very good quality, very cheap price.
1	Very good quality, very cheap toll.
0	Not much. A couple nit-picking observations...
0	Not much. A couplet nit-picking observations...
1	Easy to use,small &amp; convenient.
1	soft to use,small &amp; convenient.
0	Fairly loud when printing, cartridges seem to have a low capacity
0	clean loud when printing, cartridge seem to have a low capacity
1	Color screen, High speed system, looks, ease of use, lots of features, durability
1	Color screen, High upper system, looks, ease of use, lot of features, durability
0	The indoor shots look grainy, even with flash; no audio with video 
0	The indoor snapshot reckon grainy, even with flash; no audio with video 
0	You get what you pay for.  It's not an HP.  Ink is expensive. 
0	You obtain what you wage for.  It's not an HP.  Ink is expensive. 
0	Small, case creaks in my ear, drops calls, looks like bar of soap, unresponsive buttons
0	Small, case creaks in my ear, devolve calls, count wish bar of soap, unresponsive buttons
1	Affordable, Lightweight, Secure
1	Affordable, Lightweight, inviolable
1	great quality, easy to use
1	large quality, easy to use
0	No games, limited ringer tones, dual mode only, not as simple as other phones
0	No games, define ringer spirit, dual mode only, not as simple as other phones
0	none that I can think of for this pric
0	none that I can believe of for this pric
0	Minor niggles in some functionality, lack of integration of some features.
0	child niggles in some functionality, lack of consolidation of some features.
0	has some seriously poor thought out design issues.
0	has some seriously poor thought out design outcome.
1	Small, fast, excellent text., Very good B&amp;W photographs., Best priced laser printer on the market.
1	minuscule, fast, first-class text., Very good B&amp;W picture., Best priced laser printer on the market.
1	Easy to use.
1	soft to use.
1	Bluetooth, built-in infrared, built-in camera, compact, internet, long-lasting battery
1	Bluetooth, built-in infrared, built-in camera, bundle, internet, long-lasting battery
0	printing photos, customer service
0	printing photos, customer servicing
1	Cool design, great features
1	Cool design, cracking features
1	good
1	estimable
0	the black color
0	the opprobrious color
0	Weak antenna, flaky software, only 256 colors
0	Weak antenna, eccentric software, only 256 colors
0	Batteries drain too quickly, Included Software Sucks
0	Batteries drain too quickly, admit Software Sucks
0	Doesn't actually work
0	Doesn't really work
0	Not intuitive, big (for today), unstable
0	Not intuitive, vainglorious (for today), unstable
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly mentation through design.
1	A speedy printer, basic and economical. 
1	A rapid printer, basic and economical. 
1	Price, pro-level features, rugged construction
1	Price, pro-level lineament, rugged construction
0	too big for the home desktop, loud and noisy, draws a lot of power
0	too heavy for the home desktop, loud and noisy, draws a peck of power
1	Great quality (text, photo), fast printing, individual color ink cartridges, long-lasting pigment inks, solid driver
1	Great tone (text, exposure), fast publish, individual color ink cartridges, long-lasting pigment inks, solid driver
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Great features in a small phone.
1	bang-up features in a small phone.
0	Can turn on in your pocket, weak flash
0	lavatory turn on in your pocket, weak flash
0	None
0	none
0	adapter and battery usage
0	adapter and battery utilisation
1	Good quality prints! 
1	dependable quality prints! 
1	Quiet, speed, quality work
1	Quiet, fastness, quality work
1	classy design, bluetooth, speaker, loud sounds
1	classy design, bluetooth, speaker, loud go
0	no downloading ringtones, and no way for me to check e-mail(bummer)
0	no download ringtones, and no way for me to break e-mail(bummer)
0	Lots of dropped calls & cutoffs, but that could've just been Cingular
0	hatful of dropped anticipate & cutoffs, but that could've just been Cingular
0	Very serious orange shift problem
0	selfsame serious orange shift problem
0	Low, Low, did I say low volume on both ring and ear speaker.
0	Low, low-spirited, did I allege low volume on both ring and ear speaker.
1	decent printer
1	decent pressman
0	Wheels are positioned narrowly, recline isn't much
0	bicycle are positioned narrowly, recline isn't much
1	Joystick makes menu navigation and game play easy.
1	Joystick makes menu navigation and plot play easy.
0	does go through ink rather fast, spendy ink
0	does croak through ink rather fast, spendy ink
0	Slow printing, expensive paper, manual&amp;#13;&amp;#10;comes on CD-ROM only.
0	easy printing, expensive paper, manual&amp;#13;&amp;#10;semen on CD-ROM only.
1	Image quality, features vs price
1	Image quality, boast vs price
1	Good color and sharpness. 3X Optical zoom.
1	Good color and sharpness. 3X visual zoom.
0	Bad support, does not print in DOS or LINUX
0	Bad indorse, does not print in DOS or LINUX
1	PDA functionality/Cell phone in an "acceptably small" package. Great Battery life
1	PDA functionality/Cell phone in an "acceptably diminished" package. enceinte Battery life
0	Customer service, warranty in the gray area
0	Customer serving, warranty in the gray area
0	Long, buttons pretty small.
0	Long, buttons reasonably small.
1	small size, price
1	belittled size, price
1	Good reception, bluetooth.
1	commodity reception, bluetooth.
1	Easy to use, expansive options
1	Easy to purpose, expansive options
0	Poorly written instruction manual
0	indisposed written instruction manual
0	rollers may need resurfacing with rubber restorer
0	rollers may need resurfacing with prophylactic restorer
0	Horrible overall quality.
0	frightful overall quality.
1	Polaroid reputation, price
1	Polaroid reputation, cost
1	Good reception, Neat features, OK Camera, Long Battery Life
1	Good reception, Neat sport, OK Camera, Long Battery Life
1	easy to use, colorful photos
1	slow to use, colorful photos
0	Am I being picky? Camera strap in wrong location and no lens cap!
0	personify I being picky? Camera strap in improper location and no lens cap!
0	Complex.  Could be simplified.&#13;&#10;Would have paid more for some amenities.
0	Complex.  Could be simplified.&#XIII;&#10;Would have paying more for some amenities.
0	That little rubber flap covering the left side
0	That picayune rubber flap covering the left side
0	see opinion
0	realize opinion
1	very cheap, light, small
1	very cheap, promiscuous, small
0	Cost
0	be
0	back brakes are not the greatest
0	back brakes are not the cracking
1	VERY easy to use.  High image quality.
1	VERY easy to use.  High image character.
0	The phone does not turn to ring only when a charger is conneected.
0	The phone does not reverse to ringing only when a charger is conneected.
1	Size-Super Small, 3.2 Mpix, Picture quality,ease of use
1	Size-Super Small, ternion.2 Mpix, photograph quality,ease of use
1	Excellent Ease of Use, Compact Flash, Great Picture Quality
1	Excellent Ease of Use, Compact Flash, smashing Picture Quality
1	Compact, light, and cute.
1	Compact, wanton, and cute.
0	Software not first rate, optical viewfinder not great
0	Software not first rate, optical finder not great
1	stylish, voice activated dialing
1	stylish, phonation activated dialing
1	Fits a everyone's lifestyle in today's upbeat world
1	Fits a everyone's lifestyle in today's upbeat macrocosm
0	It only has a 2x optical zoom and eats batteries when using LCD monitor
0	IT only has a 2x optical zoom and eats batteries when using LCD admonisher
1	So Many Features, Lightweight
1	thence Many Features, Lightweight
1	Small, stylish, feature-rich, first PDA that actually passes for a phone!
1	Small, stylish, feature-rich, start PDA that actually croak for a phone!
1	small and cheap
1	small and punk
0	No rechargable battery
0	No rechargable bombardment
1	Impressive zoom capability, handy size and weight, night scene facilities useful
1	Impressive surge capability, handy size and weight, Nox scene facilities useful
1	Excellent workmanship,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;compact, decent results
1	Excellent workmanship,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;compact, decent termination
0	Poorly designed software
0	poorly designed software
1	Stylish design, built-in micro browser.
1	Stylish purpose, built-in micro browser.
0	extra cartridges are a little spendy
0	superfluous cartridges are a little spendy
1	It works, it was free
1	It works, it was devoid
1	Good buy for the money, quite, easy set-up, good paper handling
1	dear buy for the money, quite, easy set-up, effective paper handling
0	Only can be pushed from behind and sun gets in babys eyes.
0	Only can be pushed from fanny and sun take in babys eyes.
1	Amazing Battery Life and call quality
1	awesome Battery Life and call quality
0	Slightly fuzzy plain-paper output, no USB cable, slow to start up
0	Slightly fuzzy plain-paper output, no USB cable, deadening to commence up
1	Quiet, fast, easy to use
1	Quiet, fast, well-heeled to use
0	I still can't get a date with it.
0	1 still can't get a date with it.
0	Slower, noisy, expensive.
0	tedious, noisy, expensive.
0	price
0	toll
0	dosen't have a speaker phone function, paint scratches easily, no camera, cheasy backgrounds
0	dosen't have a speaker phone purpose, paint scratches easily, no camera, cheasy desktop
0	Mode dial keeps shifting when putting into carry bag
0	Mode dial restrain shifting when putting into carry bag
0	Time consuming menu, plain looking, no extended battery
0	Time consuming menu, patently looking, no extended battery
1	All in one fax, copier, scanner and printer, does them all relatively well, good value.
1	totally in one fax, copier, scanner and printer, does them all relatively good, good appraise.
1	color quality
1	color lineament
1	Low price, High Quality
1	Low price, high Quality
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Easy to use.  Light.  Uses only 2 AA batteries
1	Easy to use.  Light.  apply only 2 AA batteries
1	PERFECT
1	perfect
0	WASTES TOO MUCH INK, and the ink cartridges are too expensive!
0	blow TOO much INK, and the ink cartridges are too expensive!
1	Fast, cheap and doesn't drink ink by the gallon.
1	Fast, cheap and doesn't tope ink by the gallon.
1	many features
1	many have
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is proficient, did ane mention reception?
0	Low battery life, not as many features as higher-end analog, feels funny in hand at first
0	humiliated battery living, not as many features as higher-end analog, flavor funny in hand at first
1	Fun to use, great picture quality, two storage options
1	Fun to employ, great picture quality, two storage options
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft resonate
0	battery life
0	barrage life
1	Easy for beginners, floppy disk storage
1	light for beginners, floppy disk storage
0	ink is expensive
0	ink is expensive
0	LCD display should have protective cover for when not in use
0	LCD display should have protective continue for when not in employment
0	Flash relatively useless,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slow focusing,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;1.5 megapixel outdated.
0	Flash relatively useless,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slow concentre,&amp;#13;&amp;#decade;ace.5 megapixel outdated.
0	Ink(Cost) Not a Fan
0	Ink(Cost) Not a fan
1	Lightweight, good speaker phone, nice user interface, good battery
1	Lightweight, good speaker phone, nice user interface, beneficial battery
1	Compact, easy to open and close, great for on the go parents
1	Compact, easy to open and close, bully for on the die parents
1	Small and lightweight, reasonably priced, good quality, 20 second video
1	Small and lightweight, reasonably priced, expert prize, 20 second video
1	Good quality, resonable price, very easy to use.
1	Good quality, resonable price, very easy to role.
1	performs many tasks well, good price, not too bulky, reliable
1	performs many job well, skillful price, not too bulky, reliable
0	poor calibration w/ signal strength
0	poor calibration w/ signal intensity
1	Great quality, speed and reasonable size. $50 rebate from NEC.
1	Great prime, zip and reasonable size. $50 rebate from NEC.
1	Excellent battery life.
1	Excellent bombardment life.
1	Advanced device with camera and Tri-band phone.
1	Advanced device with camera and Tri-band sound.
1	many partnerships
1	many partnership
1	easy to change ink, prints clear, fast (after it's warmed up)
1	easy to change ink, prints exculpated, degenerate (after it's warmed up)
0	Size, battery life, BAD, BAD software.
0	Size, battery life, BAD, unfit software.
1	PRICE, STORAGE, Internet, Call List
1	PRICE, STORAGE, Internet, Call list
0	Shutter lag, cant see through LCD/EVF in the dark.
0	Shutter lag, cant experience through LCD/EVF in the night.
0	No optical zoom, slow shutter speed, short battery life, USB would be nice
0	No ocular zoom, dim shutter speed, short battery life, USB would be nice
0	none
0	none
1	Great sound quality, battery life
1	nifty sound quality, battery life
1	Small enough to fit in a pocket, but not so small that it's easily broken.
1	Small enough to fit in a pouch, but not so belittled that it's easily relegate.
0	Picture quality is  not the best
0	characterisation quality is  not the best
0	sometimes there is an error message not covered in manual or on web site
0	sometimes there is an wrongdoing message not compensate in manual or on web site
0	people blurry, no zoom, awkward menu functions, slow download and processing between photos, bad software
0	people blurred, no zoom, inept menu function, slow download and processing between photos, bad software
0	Scanning Colors, Installation Software, printer drivers.
0	Scanning colourize, Installation Software, printer drivers.
0	Never seems to work like it should
0	Never seems to knead like it should
0	Wish more user information was in the manual.
0	care more user information was in the manual.
1	Crisp copies in both color and black and white
1	Crisp copies in both color and blacken and white
0	if you use paper less that 24lb, the printer will misfeed the paper
0	if you use paper less that 24lb, the pressman will misfeed the newspaper
0	Battery charge life, no case
0	Battery appoint life, no case
0	battery recharge time
0	bombardment recharge time
0	Hard to use one-handed; Goes to sleep (screen) while on speakerphone.
0	arduous to use one-handed; turn to sleep (screen) while on speakerphone.
0	Price, lack of viewfinder, screen is not &amp;quot;sturdy&amp;quot;
0	terms, lack of viewfinder, sort is not &amp;quot;sturdy&amp;quot;
1	Why  I wanted to buy another NOKIA, is It's one of the better cell phones
1	Why  I wanted to corrupt another NOKIA, is It's matchless of the skilful cell phones
0	BATTERY LIFE, reception
0	BATTERY living, reception
1	Easy to maneuver, trendy, lightweight, folds up quickly, easily and compactly (is that a word)
1	promiscuous to maneuver, trendy, lightweight, plication up quickly, easily and compactly (is that a countersign)
1	Weight, backlight, stylish design, quite a few improvements.
1	Weight, backlight, stylish plan, quite a few improvements.
0	Horrible accessory charger, noisy bootup/shutdown
0	Horrible auxiliary charger, noisy bootup/shutdown
1	The cost for a great product, ease of use, and customer service.
1	The cost for a capital product, relaxation of use, and customer service.
1	Cheap
1	cheap
0	No zoom, needs external charger for batteries, no viewfinder.
0	No zoom, indigence external charger for batteries, no viewfinder.
0	Macro abilities could be better
0	Macro abilities could be right
1	Color screen, ability to download midi files and pictures
1	distort screen, ability to download midi files and pictures
0	speakerphone is somewhat useless
0	speakerphone is jolly useless
1	Small design, blue indiglo screen
1	Small design, gentle indiglo screen
1	Weight, Style, and Worldwide Roaming
1	Weight, way, and Worldwide Roaming
0	Weak backlight; Kind of rattles when Vibrating;
0	Weak backlight; Kind of rattles when thrill;
1	Clear sound, sturdy, speaker phone
1	gain sound, sturdy, speaker phone
1	Pull up antenna, voice dial, screen easy to read, dust covers for headphone/memory card slots.
1	Pull up antenna, voice dial, screen well-heeled to take, sprinkle covers for headphone/memory card slots.
1	Cheap, great performance, user-friendly.
1	Cheap, gravid performance, user-friendly.
1	Lightweight, ease of use, display icons
1	Lightweight, simpleness of use, display icons
1	Great photos.
1	Great photo.
1	Easy to use. Downloading to computer a snap. Excellent value. Photographic quality shots.
1	Easy to use. download to computer a gingersnap. Excellent value. Photographic quality shots.
1	Cheap, cute.
1	inexpensive, cute.
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	Takes a second or two for the picture to actually take.
0	take a second or two for the picture to actually assume.
0	The movie (video) mode has no sound.  
0	The movie (video) mode has no reasoned.  
0	As with all digital cam's...eats batteries.
0	as with all digital cam's...eats batteries.
0	None that I can find.
0	None that iodin can find.
1	Print quality, quiet operation, low price
1	Print quality, muted operation, low price
1	Solid Construction, ease of use and color accuracy
1	Solid Construction, relieve of use and color accuracy
0	Battery Killer, A little bulky
0	Battery Killer, A piddling bulky
0	no return policy, wont last more than one child
0	no return policy, wont death more than one child
1	Cheap, easy to use, fun, makes videos
1	Cheap, easy to use, fun, attain videos
0	Uses to much ink, jams up
0	expend to much ink, jams up
1	SMALL, decent battery life, fast startup, optical zoom, extremely rugged
1	SMALL, becoming battery life-time, fast startup, optical zoom, extremely rugged
1	It's cheap, and it prints envelopes., Rarely jams up., 
1	It's garish, and it prints envelopes., Rarely jams up., 
0	None
0	none
1	Super features, good sounding audio, web access
1	Super features, near sounding audio, web access
0	After  scan,  part that saves, and lets you select file format, don't open
0	After  scan,  character that saves, and Lashkar-e-Taiba you select file format, don't open
0	-limited storage, average camera performance, poor performance with alkaline
0	-limited store, average camera performance, poor performance with alkaline
1	Good print quality. Scanning software.
1	Good print character. Scanning software.
0	Low battery life, Ease of use, shortcuts
0	low battery life, Ease of use, shortcuts
1	Very Fast...
1	Very dissolute...
1	A GOOD GOOD PORTABLE CAMERA IS RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOUR EYE'S
1	A GOOD undecomposed PORTABLE CAMERA IS aright IN FRONT OF YOUR EYE'S
0	None
0	none
1	Size, picture quality, pc interface, lcd screen, ease of use
1	Size, see quality, pc interface, lcd screen, relieve of use
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
1	Good levelheaded, reception, and battery life, great screen, wideband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
0	Breaks down more often than an &quot;88 hyundai
0	jailbreak down more often than an &quot;88 hyundai
1	Small size, Ease of use.  Takes excellent pictures.
1	Small size, Ease of consumption.  Takes excellent pictures.
0	Bad at photographing movement
0	Bad at photographing motion
1	Reliable
1	dependable
1	Sleek, Durable, Megapixel, easy to use good quality photos.
1	Sleek, Durable, Megapixel, easy to use commodity quality photos.
0	The paperfeed is slightly small and tight.
0	The paperfeed is slightly small and cockeyed.
1	Photo quality, rarely jams, top of the line printer
1	Photo quality, rarely fix, top of the line printer
1	Print quality very good, print speed decent
1	Print quality very honest, print speed decent
1	works at a good speed, near-perfect color, doesn't jam
1	works at a good speed, near-perfect color, doesn't block
0	design and lack of games
0	design and lack of back
1	Lightweight, easy to use, inexpensive, great for beginners.
1	Lightweight, easy to use, inexpensive, peachy for beginners.
1	Polyphonic ringtones
1	polyphonous ringtones
1	Voice activated dialing, Small size.
1	Voice activated dialing, pocket-size size.
0	none found so far, working like a dream
0	none discover so far, working like a dream
1	Wonderful close-ups
1	grand close-ups
1	Great cornering, not too wide, good buckling system
1	Great cornering, not too full, good buckling system
1	Many features, flexible use, good pictures
1	Many features, flexible use, near pictures
1	Low price, SUPERB color, six-color inks, cheap and easy to operate
1	broken price, SUPERB color, six-color inks, tacky and easy to operate
1	Reasonable price, quick, quiet
1	Reasonable price, quick, lull
1	Long battery life, light, easy to use, free after rebate.
1	Long battery life, light, prosperous to use, destitute after rebate.
0	Sometimes has a little trouble feeding paper
0	Sometimes has a little disorder feeding paper
0	Replacement ink cartridges
0	substitution ink cartridges
0	Does not work well at all on normal or offset paper
0	serve not work good at all on normal or offset paper
0	Price
0	damage
0	Will not use internal memory when a memory card is plugged in, no optical zoom
0	Will not consumption internal retentivity when a memory poster is plugged in, no optical zoom
1	quick shot, port capabilities, really easy to use, deleteable images
1	quick inject, porthole capabilities, really easy to use, deleteable images
1	Light for the quality
1	unclouded for the quality
0	Cost, takes some adjustment getting used to pushing while jogging.
0	Cost, strike some registration getting used to pushing while jogging.
0	Speed of printing, Ink consumption, scanning error, photo-print software
0	Speed of publish, Ink consumption, scanning error, photo-print software
0	The service is not great.
0	The service is not enceinte.
1	Easy to use, good quality document and photo printing, nice print options, affordable.
1	Easy to use, good timber document and photo impression, nice print options, affordable.
1	Great picture quality, easy to use
1	bang-up picture quality, easy to use
0	Pages Per Min
0	Page Per Min
1	more durable than most umbrella strollers, fully washable, comfortable for kids, fairly priced.
1	more durable than most umbrella strollers, fully washable, comfortable for tike, middling priced.
0	the flash
0	the swank
1	ease-of-use, stores images on floppies
1	ease-of-use, stores images on diskette
0	Confusion between zoom and power switch. Pricey.
0	Confusion between soar and power switch. Pricey.
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through purpose.
1	Great quality pictures, lots of features, inexpensive expansion
1	Great quality pic, lots of features, inexpensive expansion
1	Price, quality, and brand.
1	Price, quality, and stigmatise.
0	Guaranteed to fail
0	Guaranteed to die
0	None yet
0	none yet
0	MicroSD memory card sold separately.
0	MicroSD retentiveness card sold separately.
0	Auto paper feed doesn't work
0	Auto paper feed doesn't ferment
1	speed, print quality
1	speeding, print quality
1	Price, features, Great for quick shots, Optical and digital zooms
1	Price, feature, corking for quick shots, Optical and digital zooms
1	super low price of $60, 2 MB memory, AA battery operated, LCD, simple to use
1	first-rate low price of $60, 2 MB memory, AA battery operated, LCD, mere to utilise
0	Slow UI, no 2.5mm headset jack, too big.
0	Slow UI, no 2.5mm headset jack, too openhanded.
0	Occasionally Locks Up, Bad Plastic Holster
0	Occasionally lock Up, Bad Plastic Holster
0	Software sometimes gives a blue screen.
0	Software sometimes open a blue screen.
1	Great camera for just about anyone.
1	cracking camera for just about anyone.
0	Cartridge Cost
0	Cartridge price
1	SLR features in a compact and attractive package.
1	SLR features in a contract and attractive package.
1	Inexpensive, great print quality, uses little ink per print, rarely ever jams, can print envelops, prints quickly.
1	Inexpensive, groovy print quality, function little ink per print, rarely ever cram, can print envelops, prints quickly.
0	Slooow menus, flimsy keypad, poor designed menus and navigation, quiet ring.
0	Slooow fare, flimsy keypad, inadequate designed menus and navigation, quiet ring.
0	Features take a while to learn&amp;#13;&amp;#10;menu buttons hard to identify
0	Features engage a while to learn&amp;#13;&ampere;#10;menu push hard to identify
1	Great features , easy to use, great reception, durable
1	Great features , easy to utilize, great reception, durable
0	black cartridge becoming scarce
0	nigrify cartridge becoming scarce
1	excellent quality photos
1	excellent timbre photos
0	mediocre battery life, slow menus
0	mediocre battery life, obtuse menus
1	Cheap!
1	brassy!
1	Fair Price, Very good Photo Printing,
1	Fair Price, Very expert Photo Printing,
0	Slightly slower than the more expensive models
0	Slightly slower than the more expensive mannikin
0	low light focus, $$ battery,no AC, a bit $$$
0	low unhorse focus, $$ battery,no AC, a bit $$$
1	2 paper trays, fast, quieter than previous Lexmarks.
1	2 paper trays, fast, hushed than previous Lexmarks.
0	a little pricey
0	a trivial pricey
0	LCD Displays Don't Function in Bright Light, Poor Speaker Phone, Data Port Cover
0	LCD Displays Don't officiate in Bright Light, Poor Speaker Phone, Data Port binding
0	Extremely unreliable.  Mis-designed paper feed mechanism.
0	Extremely undependable.  Mis-designed paper feed mechanism.
0	Batteries-better to buy rechargeable
0	Batteries-better to bargain rechargeable
0	Pictures not the best.
0	Pictures not the expert.
0	Difficult menu system to figure out initially
0	Difficult menu system to visualize out initially
1	Very easy to use and understand functions.  Great quality for price. Great for beginners.
1	Very easy to utilize and understand functions.  gravid quality for price. Great for beginners.
0	Inks are expensive, but that applies to all H.P. inks, but the inks are great.
0	ink are expensive, but that enforce to all H.P. inks, but the inks are expectant.
0	Phone is to hot.  Numbers keep falling off. Speaker keeps falling off.
0	Phone is to hot.  bit preserve falling off. Speaker keeps falling off.
0	Nothing revolutionary, for a new(ish) phone
0	Nothing subversive, for a new(ish) phone
1	Deep, rich color when printing photos
1	abstruse, rich color when printing photos
0	Ink always clogs and runs out very fast.
0	Ink always clogs and outpouring out very fast.
1	cheap
1	punk
0	single color ink cartridge
0	single tinge ink cartridge
1	Inexpensive (free with service), user friendly, comfortable to use.
1	Inexpensive (free with service), user friendly, easy to use.
0	Ring too soft, Volume too low
0	surround too soft, Volume too low
1	Slick unit, great features and ease of use
1	Slick unit, great features and ease of employ
1	Full of features for the price - ease of use - uses regular AA Batteries
1	fully of lineament for the price - ease of use - uses regular AA Batteries
1	Speaker, Voice activation, screen size, wireless web
1	Speaker, articulation activation, screen size, wireless web
1	Very Compact, Flip Design protects face& keys. Price is right.
1	Very thickset, Flip plan protects face& keys. Price is right.
1	Small size.  Nice color screen indoors.
1	Small size.  Nice color cover indoors.
0	Features not as user-friendly as could be
0	have not as user-friendly as could be
1	Tri-Mode, small, changeable face plates, inexpensive
1	Tri-Mode, small, unsettled face plates, inexpensive
0	Must use car seat base 
0	Must use car seat fundament 
1	Sleek, Cool options
1	Sleek, Cool choice
1	Great pictures, Audio, 2 megapixel, 3x zoom, USB
1	Great envision, Audio, 2 megapixel, 3x zoom, USB
1	High Resolution at a low cost, small, user-friendly
1	richly Resolution at a low cost, small, user-friendly
0	Battery life, dropped calls, charging time
0	Battery life, dropped calls, charging metre
1	sharp images, many features, lower cost
1	sharp project, many features, lower cost
0	Short battery life, uncommon accessory jack, lacks US frequency.
0	Short battery life, uncommon accessory jak, lacks US frequency.
0	Short battery life, many features I won't use, ring is too low
0	scant battery life, many features I won't use, peal is too low
1	Great pictures,lens and features
1	bang-up pictures,lens and features
0	batter life not so great, can't store full names if too long
0	batter animation not so great, can't store full figure if too long
0	Impossible on/off button, ringer not loud enough
0	Impossible on/off button, ringer not loud adequate
1	Lightweight, lot's of cool features for a great price!
1	Lightweight, lot's of cool features for a big price!
1	Small, easy menu, like the flip
1	Small, easy card, like the flip
1	2-way radio
1	2-way wireless
1	compact and light
1	compact and short
1	value/results
1	appraise/results
0	many problems, print quality not great
0	many problems, print quality not corking
0	Possible high costs for replacement ink cartridges(cost &amp;amp; frequency ??)
0	possible high costs for replacement ink cartridges(cost &amp;ampere; frequency ??)
0	On the bulky side, hard to find in stores
0	On the bulky side, voiceless to find in stores
1	Excellent display,
1	first-class display,
1	permantly stuck in downloading mode and cant be fixed
1	permantly stuck in downloading mode and cant be sterilize
0	Must use NiMH batteries, insufficient zoom.
0	Must habit NiMH batteries, insufficient zoom.
1	3G, Color screen, Get It Now
1	3G, Color screen, go It Now
1	wide variety of face plates, easy to use, not very big, tons of features
1	wide variety of face plates, easy to purpose, not very prominent, tons of features
1	Nice color screen and good features
1	Nice color screen and just features
0	I CAN'T THINK OF ANY
0	I CAN'T believe OF ANY
0	poor reception, cumbersome size, software glitches
0	poor reception, clumsy size, software glitches
1	Convenient size, zoom
1	commodious size, zoom
1	Great images and flexibility. Long battery life.
1	Great images and flexibility. Long battery liveliness.
1	Takes great pix, tech support came through
1	Takes great pix, tech endorse came through
1	light, small, great pictures, great zoom
1	light, small, great pictures, dandy zoom
0	consider something else for high output &amp; business use
0	deliberate something else for high output &amp; business use
1	EVERYTHING!
1	EVERYTHING!
1	lightweight
1	jackanapes
0	poor mechanical design
0	miserable mechanical design
1	good color and very fast
1	good color and very dissolute
0	Size, weight, 2X zoom, must use rechargeable batteries
0	Size, weight, 2X zoom, must use rechargeable barrage
1	Awsome Photo Quality 
1	Awsome photo Quality 
1	It's a Nokia
1	It's a Nokia
0	cost of cartridge, color fade, low quality prints
0	cost of cartridge, color fade, Low quality prints
1	Excellent picture quality...the Zeiss lens is awesome!&amp;#3;
1	Excellent film lineament...the Zeiss lens is awesome!&amp;#3;
0	Phone seems to heat up
0	Phone seems to ignite up
1	Great pictures, lots of storage.
1	keen pictures, lots of storage.
0	None
0	none
0	Speed
0	speeding
0	Poor battery life.
0	Poor bombardment life.
0	High resolution option not available on this model.
0	heights resolution option not available on this model.
0	Complicated hidden menu options, poor focus lock shutter sensitivity
0	refine hidden menu options, poor focus lock shutter sensitivity
0	Camera is a bit bulky
0	Camera is a prick bulky
0	Screen could use a bit of help, Palm/Phone integration not 100% yet
0	Screen could use a prick of help, handle/Phone integration not 100% yet
1	Digital photography at a throw-away camera price.
1	Digital photography at a throw-away camera toll.
0	lacks flexibility
0	deficiency flexibility
0	You can't check on the numbers that called you, HORRIBLE customer service
0	You can't assay on the numbers that called you, HORRIBLE customer servicing
1	Fantastic pictures for the Money. Point and shoot like no other.
1	antic pictures for the Money. Point and shoot wish no other.
1	price, resolution, zoom
1	price, solving, zoom
0	wasn't the first stroller I bought
0	wasn't the firstly stroller I bought
0	On/off switch not always easy to use.
0	On/off switch not always easy to usance.
0	loud, uses a lot of ink which is expensive
0	loud, employ a lot of ink which is expensive
0	Picture quality when on paper.
0	fancy quality when on paper.
1	Functional (Vibrate & high mode, etc.)
1	Functional (Vibrate & high mood, etc.)
1	It's cheap and simple to use
1	It's cheap and uncomplicated to use
0	None that I know of
0	None that ace know of
1	Massive Storage and ability to view on PC without card readers or docking units
1	Massive Storage and ability to watch on PC without lineup readers or docking units
0	Makes Duracell's look like a California Blackout!
0	brand Duracell's look like a California Blackout!
0	Signal strength not great at times.
0	Signal force not great at times.
0	Shutter lag is a little slow and no sound for videos! 
0	Shutter dawdle is a minuscule slow and no sound for videos! 
1	USB or Parallel compatible.
1	USB or collimate compatible.
1	nice screen colors, cool games.
1	nice screen colourise, cool games.
1	small size, many features
1	diminished size, many features
1	Has an AC Adapter
1	let an AC Adapter
1	Ease of use
1	comfort of use
1	Small, Lighweight, Generally good photo's, decent zoom
1	Small, Lighweight, Generally beneficial photo's, decent zoom
1	Compact design, easy to use, high quality, doesn't require a computer
1	Compact project, easy to use, high tone, doesn't require a computer
1	Low light focusing, SLR
1	dispirited light focusing, SLR
0	lots a money to carry around
0	pot a money to carry around
1	Good quality pictures
1	near quality pictures
1	Small, Nice looking, Free
1	Small, Nice looking, loose
0	Need to buy a car seat after 20lbs.
0	Need to buy a car fanny after 20lbs.
1	Excellent reception; loaded with features.
1	Excellent reception; stretch with features.
1	durable, lightweight, and easy to use
1	indestructible, lightweight, and easy to use
0	not real sturdy/no power adapter
0	not real sturdy/no exponent adapter
0	loose battery
0	easy battery
0	charger stand, manual, navigation buttons,
0	charger resist, manual, navigation buttons,
0	interface seems a little buggy
0	interface seem a little buggy
0	Occasionally will not feed envelopes, smudges.
0	Occasionally will not feed enwrap, smudges.
0	Cost, battery life, battery charger
0	Cost, bombardment life, battery charger
0	none
0	none
1	Bluetooth. Camera. Wireless web most things young teens want man! basic phone
1	Bluetooth. Camera. Wireless net most things young teens desire man! basic phone
1	Lots of customizable features, games and it's a Nokia.
1	wad of customizable features, games and it's a Nokia.
0	Still a little heavy to lift.
0	Still a little heavy to snarf.
0	none so far
0	none so ALIR
0	Reception, cost of accessories
0	Reception, cost of accessory
0	4meg stick is a joke. Accessories make this camera expensive.
0	4meg dumbfound is a joke. Accessories stimulate this camera expensive.
0	2 .5x zoom, expensive compact flash memory, and a little pricey
0	2 .5x zoom, expensive pack trice memory, and a little pricey
0	none yet
0	none notwithstanding
0	Diskette storage can only handle a few pics/disc in hi-res mode.
0	Diskette storehouse can only handle a few pics/disk in hi-res mode.
1	ease of use, great optics, 3x zoom
1	ease of use, great optics, 3x whizz
1	Re-chargable Battery, Size, Weight, Photo Preview, Quiet
1	Re-chargable Battery, Size, Weight, Photo Preview, quiesce
1	Auto dual sided feature, quiet, neat design.
1	Auto dual sided sport, quiet, neat design.
1	Neat, fresh new design. Light and portable. Colour Screen.
1	Neat, invigorated new design. Light and portable. Colour Screen.
0	Exposure
0	vulnerability
0	Went crazy WAY too soon.  All messed up.
0	Went crazy path too soon.  All messed up.
0	This stroller is a bit bulky when folded, and does not let infant seat attach.
0	This stroller is a routine bulky when fold, and does not have infant seat attach.
1	Extremely lightweight, attractive, and durable. Adjustable height handlebar. One-handed folding.
1	super lightweight, attractive, and durable. Adjustable peak handlebar. One-handed folding.
1	light, tiny, well constructed, fast charging, high res screen
1	light, tiny, well constructed, fast charging, high res cover
1	easy to assemble and use, attractive, all-terrain 
1	light to assemble and use, attractive, all-terrain 
1	Full features of most SLR's.  External flash option
1	Full features of most SLR's.  External wink option
1	GREAT picture quality
1	bang-up picture quality
0	too big for trunk, seat does not fit on shopping carts
0	too vainglorious for trunk, seat does not convulsion on shopping carts
1	Twin screen, small
1	twin screen, small
0	I Hear people before I answer
0	I Hear people before I resolution
0	Hard to use rocker switch.  Badly designed lens cap.
0	Hard to usance rocker switch.  Badly designed lens cap.
1	Print quality, print speed
1	Print prize, print speed
1	Affordable, easy interface, acceptable picture quality.
1	Affordable, easy interface, acceptable image quality.
0	clunky compared to newer phones, can short circuit in heavy rain
0	clunky compared to newer phones, can unawares circuit in grievous rain
1	Inexpensive, 2.1mega pixels, simple, responsive, good image quality
1	Inexpensive, 2.1mega pixels, simple, responsive, respectable image quality
0	cheap plastics do not contribute to solid feel, lack of optical zoom
0	cheap plastic do not contribute to solid tone, lack of optical zoom
0	Ink cost prohibitive
0	Ink be prohibitive
0	Not expensive if you remember you can add a 2nd head for 2 sided printing.
0	Not expensive if you remember you can summate a 2nd question for II sided printing.
1	photo quality, ink usage
1	photo prize, ink usage
0	Size and reception.
0	Size and response.
1	call quality, size&weight, style, ease of use, external LCD, well built
1	call quality, size&weight, style, ease of expend, external LCD, considerably built
1	optical zoom,The battery life is good,picture quality
1	optical zoom,The battery life is good,envision quality
0	cant find personal ringtones for it
0	cant chance personal ringtones for it
1	Excellent picture quality; easy to use features; long battery life
1	Excellent picture quality; well-heeled to use features; long battery living
1	Fast and easy
1	flying and easy
1	Size, features, ease of use, durability
1	Size, features, ease of practice, durability
1	Inexpensive, USB connection,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easy to use, VERY LIGHT
1	Inexpensive, USB connection,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;light to use, VERY illume
0	signal strength not as good as later phones, single-button system requires reading prompts
0	signal intensity not as good as later phones, single-button system requires read prompts
1	Light, sharp photos, easy to read manual.  Inexpensive.
1	Light, sharp photos, easygoing to read manual.  Inexpensive.
1	It's an HP.  And it's not terribly expensive.
1	It's an HP.  And it's not frightfully expensive.
1	no cables required means easier to use
1	no cables required substance easier to use
1	build quality, easy of use, battery life
1	build quality, easy of employment, battery life
1	stylish, small, tons of feature
1	stylish, small, loads of feature
1	Quality and Reliability
1	timbre and Reliability
0	Typical Home power not suitable, Warm-up times
0	Typical national power not suitable, Warm-up times
0	Poor focus on close objects, poor long distance optical zoom.
0	Poor focus on close objects, inadequate long outdistance optical zoom.
1	Cheap recording media - 3.5&amp;quot; floppy disks
1	Cheap recording media - threesome.5&amp;quot; floppy disks
0	poor ringer volume, poor signal strength, poor camera, poor ringer and game selection
0	poor ringer volume, poor signal effectiveness, poor camera, poor ringer and gamey selection
1	Folds up, loud ringer &amp; it vibrates.
1	Folds up, loud ringer &AMP; it vibrates.
0	Price,have to open phone to answer it.
0	Price,have to open earphone to answer it.
0	software,noise
0	software,stochasticity
0	buggy OS
0	fruity OS
1	Sorry, can't think of any.
1	good-for-naught, can't think of any.
0	Low battery life
0	lowly battery life
0	Better ones are available on the market.
0	improve ones are available on the market.
1	It is very compact and attractive. The price is great.
1	It is very thickset and attractive. The price is heavy.
1	Small, pocketable.
1	diminished, pocketable.
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
1	great features
1	bang-up features
0	Can't think of one
0	Can't think of unrivaled
1	Very crisp color photos, clean text, very reliable unit at a low price
1	Very nipping color photos, clean-living text, very reliable unit at a low price
1	print quality, price, USB connectivity
1	print caliber, price, USB connectivity
1	Very mobile, great quality for price!!!
1	rattling mobile, great quality for price!!!
1	Print Quality Very Good 
1	Print Quality Very near 
1	Sleek and Small
1	Sleek and pocket-sized
1	tri-band GSM, small and light, good reception, funky style
1	tri-band GSM, small and light, honest reception, funky style
0	not one yet
0	not one nonetheless
0	Battery life seems to suffer unless you remove the battery while not in use.
0	Battery living seems to get unless you remove the battery while not in use.
1	Fast, quiet, good print quality, and incredibly easy to setup and use. 
1	Fast, quiet, safe mark quality, and incredibly easy to setup and use. 
1	Color Smart Technology III, Two-Sided Printing, Fast, Quite.
1	vividness Smart Technology III, Two-Sided Printing, Fast, Quite.
0	bulky size - may break easily?
0	bulky size - may suspension easily?
1	ziess lens, B&amp;W mode, mpeg mode, style
1	ziess lens, bacillus&amp;W mode, mpeg mode, style
1	Nice feel - lots of features - 10X zoom - Floppy Disk
1	Nice feel - pot of features - 10X zoom - Floppy Disk
0	Print cartrige cost
0	impress cartrige cost
1	Fairly small, easy to use, color faceplates, belt clip, upgrade features, wireless web
1	Fairly small, soft to use, color faceplates, belt nip, upgrade features, wireless web
0	battery life, software lacking.
0	battery sprightliness, software lacking.
0	For my use there are very few - close-ups only 20 cm
0	For my habit there are very few - close-ups only 20 curium
0	Strictly JPEG file format
0	rigorously JPEG file format
0	eats batteries
0	chuck batteries
1	still searching...
1	hush searching...
1	Small, sleek, color screen, lots of features, good quality, screen on front of phone
1	Small, slick, color screen, loads of features, good quality, screen on front of phone
1	Inexpensive and reliable.
1	Inexpensive and true.
1	Gorgeous color screen, great battery life
1	gorgeous color screen, great battery life
0	no alert on empty cartridge
0	no alert on hollow cartridge
0	ink is expensive, sometimes screws up pages
0	ink is expensive, sometimes fuck up pages
1	reclines fully, adjustable wheels and handle direction
1	reclines fully, adjustable wheels and handle counselling
1	Lightweight, compact size, stylish
1	Lightweight, bundle size, stylish
1	Easy to select pre-selected pictures modes, large view finder
1	Easy to prize pre-selected pictures modes, large view finder
1	prints, scans
1	prints, skim
0	Delay between shots, eats batteries like popcorn
0	Delay between shooting, eats batteries like popcorn
1	Nothing
1	cypher
0	none...completely satisfied
0	none...completely fulfil
0	Low battery life
0	dispirited battery life
1	Great photo quality, great text quality, very fast worth every cent
1	slap-up photo quality, great text quality, very immobile worth every cent
1	Fun to play with, bells and whistles
1	Fun to play with, toll and whistles
1	Does the mechanical functions of its job correctly
1	Does the mechanical functions of its business correctly
1	Good reception, sharp picture, very small.
1	Good receipt, sharp picture, very small.
0	print quality deteriorates fast, high price of ink cartridges.
0	print quality deteriorates fast, high damage of ink cartridges.
1	fast, and east.  Makes less waste
1	fast, and east.  Makes less scourge
0	slow picture taking, slow write time
0	slow picture taking, ho-hum write time
1	size!, easy of use, cuteness
1	size!, leisurely of use, cuteness
1	Fast, Easy to use, Doesn't suck ink
1	truehearted, Easy to use, Doesn't suck ink
0	BAD!
0	badness!
0	The LCD viewscreen is  a drain on batteries
0	The LCD viewscreen is  a drain on bombardment
1	It is small and compact. It is easy to use.
1	It is small and pack. It is easy to habituate.
1	Quick printing, good quality printing, reliable, printer lets you know when you need ink cartridge
1	Quick publish, expert caliber printing, reliable, printer lets you know when you need ink cartridge
1	Text print speed, nice color prints for &amp;lt;$200
1	Text print quicken, nice color print for &amp;lt;$200
1	Nice look and feel, long battery life
1	Nice calculate and feel, long battery life
1	Inexpensive, often rebate bonuses, excellent print resolution
1	Inexpensive, often rebate bonuses, excellent print settlement
0	Slow print speed,no borderless print
0	irksome print speed,no borderless print
0	Slow printing, one feed roller operation. Vertical envelope feed only.
0	tardily printing, one feed roller operation. Vertical envelope course only.
1	Compact, camera (still&video), decent battery life
1	Compact, camera (unruffled&video), decent battery life
0	Weak flash, limited zoom
0	weak flash, limited zoom
1	Good Print quality
1	Good print quality
0	Somewhat heavy, not for sportcars with tiny trunks
0	Somewhat laborious, not for sportcars with tiny trunks
1	nice little body-easy to use-quick shooting and saving
1	overnice little body-easy to use-quick shooting and saving
0	very poor battery life,displays 'no service' in many areas, fragile
0	very piteous battery living,displays 'no service' in many areas, fragile
1	Excellent pictures, compact size, easy to use
1	Excellent pictures, heavyset size, easy to use
1	Good RF performance.
1	dependable RF performance.
0	A little large, but still better than carrying two devices
0	A little large, but inactive amend than carrying two devices
0	Printing software is long and involved, bring a snack. :), 
0	Printing software is long and regard, bring a snack. :), 
1	A cheap color printer w/ 2400x1200 dpi
1	A inexpensive color printer w/ 2400x1200 dpi
1	thetic
1	thetic
1	Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
1	ingest all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
0	Unnecessarily noisy at times.
0	Unnecessarily noisy at sentence.
0	Do not use Cingular. They will not communicate with you.
0	DO not usage Cingular. They will not communicate with you.
0	the color, rubber bumpers on sides get dirty quickly, camera quality is very low.
0	the color, rubber bumpers on sides find dirty cursorily, camera quality is very low.
1	Flashy design, lots of options. Excellent reception.
1	Flashy design, lots of options. Excellent response.
0	But it uses the battery!
0	But it uses the barrage!
1	Lightweight, VERY sturdy, stylish, easy to steer, wonderful service by distributor.
1	Lightweight, VERY sturdy, stylish, loose to lead, wonderful service by distributor.
0	flash makes all images white, very poor quality images, long or incomplete uploads
0	flash give all images Caucasian, very poor quality images, long or incomplete uploads
0	the price,does not fully recline
0	the price,does not fully repose
0	Many parts to keep up with
0	Many parts to donjon up with
1	If you use the walky talky feature...its free
1	If you use the walky talky feature...its barren
0	poor low light pictures
0	poor low-pitched light pictures
0	Some controls may be tricky for some people to use. Battery indicator is poor.
0	Some controls may be slick for some people to exercise. Battery indicator is poor.
0	Fragile antenna
0	thin antenna
1	small size
1	small sizing
0	Must have original software CD, AC power in front, limited movie &amp; no sound.
0	Must have original software CD, AC power in front, limited movie &ampere; no levelheaded.
0	none that I have come across
0	none that I have hail across
0	Breaks easily
0	prisonbreak easily
0	Short battery life and feels just a bit fragile
0	shortsighted battery life and feels just a bit fragile
1	HP Quality
1	HP quality
0	Limited to 640x480 resolution
0	define to 640x480 resolution
1	Color screen, nice features, loud ring, GPS device, Get It Now
1	Color screen, decent features, loud ring, GPS device, gravel It Now
1	FLEXIBILITY
1	flexibleness
0	Only works with SprintPCS, A bit pricey but worth it
0	Only ferment with SprintPCS, a bit pricey but worth it
1	Very lightweight, sturdy, lifetime warranty, safe, American-made
1	Very lightweight, sturdy, lifetime warrantee, safe, American-made
0	drains batteries, doesn't come with case
0	drains batteries, doesn't fare with case
0	Not very loud, not always as clear as other phones.
0	Not very meretricious, not always as solve as other phones.
1	Size, Picture Quality, features &amp; beauty.
1	Size, visualise Quality, features &amp; beauty.
0	No clock (what were they thinking?)
0	No clock (what were they intend?)
0	Speaker phone, lack of third party accessories
0	Speaker phone, lack of tierce party accessories
0	battery life is horrible, no good recourse for faulty product
0	battery animation is horrible, no dear recourse for faulty product
0	It doesn't have voice command and the reception is just fair.
0	It doesn't have phonation command and the reception is just sightly.
0	shutter delay after pushing the button
0	shutter delay after press the button
0	Relatively high price, considering I paid more for this camera than most of my computers, but WORTH IT!
0	Relatively gamy price, see I paid more for this camera than most of my calculator, but WORTH IT!
1	Very inexpensive, good pictures, fairly easy to use
1	Very inexpensive, good pictures, fairly easy to expend
1	lightweight, color display, clarity, voice dialing
1	lightweight, coloring display, clarity, voice dialing
1	Its definitely cheap and compact enough to keep some money in your wallet but...
1	Its emphatically cheap and compact enough to livelihood some money in your wallet but...
1	small size, sleek design, battery life, intuitive user interface, USB interface.
1	lowly size, sleek design, barrage life, intuitive user interface, USB interface.
0	Black cartridge must be purchased separately. Jams probable if only one sheet is fed in.
0	black-market cartridge must be purchased singly. obstruct probable if only one sheet is fed in.
0	Large size compared to most units in the market.
0	bombastic size compared to most units in the market.
1	Nice size for the features available.
1	Nice sizing for the features available.
0	Bulky, a bit pricy
0	Bulky, a bit costly
1	2.1 Megapixel, USB, Lithium Ion Battery, Metal Casing, RCA Plug for TV/VCR
1	2.1 Megapixel, USB, Lithium Ion Battery, Metal case, RCA stopple for TV/VCR
0	Picture quality in low light
0	depiction quality in low light
0	Undependable, slow, flimsy, inconsistently supported, supplies expensive and inconsistent in quality, supplies hard to find, not appropriate for daily use, certainly not appropriate for professional use.
0	Undependable, slow, flimsy, inconsistently defend, supplies expensive and inconsistent in calibre, supplies voiceless to bump, not appropriate for daily use, certainly not appropriate for professional utilization.
0	lack of color, reception, volume, background noise
0	want of color, reception, volume, background noise
0	It was difficult to learn to use all the great functions that it provides.
0	It was difficult to learn to employ all the great procedure that it provides.
0	Just remember to recharge the batteries.
0	Just commend to recharge the batteries.
1	Great pictures!
1	Great show!
0	A little expensive
0	A piddling expensive
0	Chronic battery issues with this model
0	Chronic shelling issues with this model
0	none
0	none
1	Comfort
1	comfortableness
0	a lot, see my comments
0	a lot, determine my comments
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, affordable media
1	Easy to expend, inexpensive, affordable media
1	Small, many cover options, text messaging
1	Small, many top options, text messaging
0	Not as high-tech as other costlier models. Vibrating ring could be stronger.
0	Not as high-tech as other costlier framework. Vibrating peal could be stronger.
0	small memory chip, takes a couple of minutes to down load pictures to your pc.
0	small retentivity chip, proceeds a couple of minute to down load pictures to your pc.
0	Eats ink cartridges!!!!Bad paper feed.
0	Eats ink cartridges!!!!forged paper feed.
1	Features, Size, Styling, Reception
1	Features, size, Styling, Reception
0	No USB download capability.  Need USB SmartMedia reader.
0	no USB download capability.  Need USB SmartMedia reader.
0	none
0	none
0	big, design, no usb cable
0	big, excogitation, no usb cable
1	Color display, blue backlit keys...
1	colorise display, blue backlit keys...
0	Uses tons of ink and needs constant head cleaning
0	Uses tons of ink and needs constant direct cleaning
1	Excellent sound from earpiece; elegant design; beautiful (if not superlative) screen
1	Excellent sound from earpiece; elegant plan; beautiful (if not acme) screen
1	Good size, great looks, lots of features, java apps
1	Good size, great looks, tons of features, java apps
1	EXCELLENT RESULTS, easy to use, 
1	EXCELLENT ensue, easy to use, 
1	Good size (not too big or little!), good options!
1	Good size (not too big or little!), near options!
1	Lots of storage space&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Cup Holders&amp;#13;&amp;#10;1 Handed Fold-up
1	allot of storage space&amp;#13;&amp;#X;Cup Holders&amp;#13;&amp;#10;1 handed Fold-up
1	Exceptional print quality (both photo and text). Affordable Duplex Value.
1	Exceptional print quality (both photograph and schoolbook). Affordable Duplex Value.
0	Pricey ink
0	high-priced ink
1	It has everything!
1	IT has everything!
0	Everything Else!!!.....Poor quality of manufacturing and software design.
0	Everything Else!!!.....Poor quality of manufacturing and software innovation.
0	there are a few features that you really have to read the manual
0	there are a few lineament that you really have to take the manual
0	Unflattering strobe pictures, color casts with indoor lighting due to poor auto white balance function
0	Unflattering strobe figure, coloring upchuck with indoor lighting due to poor auto white balance function
1	Beautiful output even at low resolution, fast, easy setup
1	Beautiful output even at low resolution, fast, soft setup
1	Lightweight, sturdy, easy to handle
1	Lightweight, sturdy, easy to cover
0	It isn't free...
0	It isn't barren...
0	Skimpy standard accessories: 8 Mb CompactFlash, no rechargeable batteries and charger, no built-in USB capability, no hard copy manual, mediocre software bundle. Easy-to-lose unattached lens cap. Short battery life. 
0	lean standard accessories: eight Mb CompactFlash, no rechargeable batteries and charger, no built-in USB capability, no hard copy manual, mediocre software parcel. Easy-to-lose unattached lens roof. suddenly battery life. 
0	mechanical problems with display and cover
0	mechanical problems with display and covert
0	Difficult to see screen in sunlight.
0	Difficult to visit screen in sunlight.
0	None. For this price range you can't get anything better.
0	None. For this price range you can't bring anything well.
0	$$$ Price
0	$$$ toll
1	Voice dialing and recorder, compatible with GSM and TDMA networks
1	sound dialing and recorder, compatible with GSM and TDMA meshing
0	Has since been surpassed by other printers
0	get since been surpassed by other printers
0	Some features of the phone are not available
0	about features of the phone are not available
0	Paper handling, paper jams, need for repairs
0	paper handling, paper jams, need for repairs
1	inexpensive, good battery life, good backlight, good reception
1	inexpensive, good battery life, good backlight, expert reception
1	Great zoom, good colors
1	dandy zoom, good colors
0	doesn't hold charge as long as i would like.
0	doesn't delay charge as long as i would like.
0	Only hold eight pictures to a disc
0	exclusively hold eight pictures to a disc
0	none
0	none
0	limited availibility of accesories
0	trammel availibility of accesories
0	Cheap
0	punk
0	NONE
0	none
0	Software is not compatible with Windows 98SE upgrade.
0	Software is not compatible with Windows 98SE advance.
1	floppy, rechargeable battery, durable, optics
1	floppy, rechargeable battery, undestroyable, optics
1	Appearance is nice, great feel in the hand
1	Appearance is nice, peachy feel in the hand
0	errm.....
0	errm.....
0	I haven't discovered any yet, but I've only had this phone a few weeks.
0	single haven't discovered any yet, but I've only had this phone a few hebdomad.
0	Sometimes takes more than 1 sheet of paper but there is a fix.
0	Sometimes select more than 1 mainsheet of paper but there is a fix.
1	lightweight, simple interface, autotimer, video out
1	lightweight, round-eyed interface, autotimer, video out
0	Fragile-Looking, Not Fully MODable.
0	Fragile-Looking, Not fully MODable.
1	Good price and print quality
1	effective price and print quality
1	Canon Brand, Size, Durable Construction, Picture Quality, Features, Wow Factor
1	Canon Brand, Size, Durable structure, Picture Quality, Features, riot Factor
0	BAD picture quality, poor software.
0	BAD picture quality, inadequate software.
0	no durability, poor battery life, takes a long tome to save pics, only 2x zoom
0	no durability, poor battery lifetime, select a long tome to save exposure, only 2x zoom
0	Customer care is a long distance call
0	Customer care is a long distance Call
1	Light, easy to use, many features
1	lightness, easy to use, many features
0	IMPOSSIBLE TO MANEUVER, TOO LONG, HEAVY, no parent cup holder, not enough shade in front
0	IMPOSSIBLE TO MANEUVER, TOO LONG, arduous, no parent cupful holder, not enough spectre in front
1	Quiet, Fast, Excellent text quality, Minimal Ink usage.
1	tranquillise, Fast, Excellent text quality, Minimal Ink usage.
0	The noise when printing (very quiet when not)
0	The noise when printing (very smooth when not)
1	Slender, lightweight and functions well as a phone.
1	Slender, lightweight and functions comfortably as a phone.
0	poor quality on photo's
0	pathetic quality on photo's
0	None
0	none
1	Lots of features, Manual mode, Compact, $$ Value, 3.3 Megapixels
1	muckle of features, Manual mode, Compact, $$ Value, trinity.3 Megapixels
1	Small camera; intuitive menus; great pictures
1	Small camera; intuitive menus; gravid pictures
0	Plastic parts feel cheap and breakable. 
0	Plastic parts experience cheap and breakable. 
1	Uses SmartMedia memory, price ($180), customer service
1	habituate SmartMedia memory, price ($180), customer service
0	Jams on textured papers, limitations with use
0	wad on textured papers, limitations with use
1	Many great features
1	Many smashing features
1	Makes a good paperweight
1	Makes a right paperweight
1	Excellent battery life, unlimited storage
1	splendid battery life, unlimited storage
1	Battery life, Flash
1	Battery life, gimcrack
0	Um.... well, Canon doesn't give them away for free.   
0	Um.... well, Canon doesn't give them away for relieve.   
0	none
0	none
1	size,image quality
1	size,ikon quality
0	Horrible quality phone.
0	Horrible calibre phone.
1	Astounding printouts, low price, high resolution, braindead install
1	Astounding printouts, depleted price, high resolution, braindead install
1	40 RingTones, Faceplates,By Nokia
1	XL RingTones, Faceplates,By Nokia
1	Ease of use, no film or photo processing costs
1	Ease of habit, no film or photo processing costs
0	Long charging time.
0	Long commit time.
1	Small, light weight, lots of features.
1	small, light weight, lots of features.
1	Picture Quality &amp;amp; Software Bundle are excellent.
1	flick Quality &amp;amp; Software Bundle are excellent.
1	Lots of great features, Good photo quality
1	luck of great features, Good photo quality
1	Good printing quality
1	good printing quality
1	Nice design, solid functionality, supports CF I and II cards.
1	Nice design, solid functionality, endure CF I and II posting.
1	Great quality for the money
1	bang-up quality for the money
0	So far I haven't found any.
0	So FAR I haven't found any.
1	very simple to use
1	very simple to habituate
1	Excellent results from a bargain basement priced camera.
1	fantabulous results from a bargain basement priced camera.
0	Can't enlarge pictures, no optical zoom
0	Can't enlarge fancy, no optical zoom
1	Excellent pictures, many different picture taking options, great software
1	Excellent pictures, many different picture assume options, great software
0	red eye, battery consumption
0	red centre, battery consumption
0	extremely poor images
0	extremely poor paradigm
1	convenient, one hand fold, lightweight
1	convenient, one reach fold, lightweight
0	none!
0	none!
1	Instantly prints pictures on Polaroid film.
1	Instantly prints movie on Polaroid film.
1	Fast, Quality Printing; Easy to Use; Paper never jams
1	Fast, Quality Printing; Easy to Use; Paper never mob
0	lost the service due to plug being struck by lightining.
0	lost the serve due to stopple being struck by lightining.
1	Easy to use, has many features I need
1	wanton to use, has many features I need
1	easy to use
1	soft to use
1	Good resolution, handles like a 35mm, as much or as little control as you like.
1	upright resolution, handles alike a 35mm, as much or as little curb as you like.
0	Long warm up times.
0	Long warm up metre.
1	Compact, zoom lens, quality pictures
1	Compact, zoom lens, quality exposure
1	very straightforward, reliable, great customer support,light,easy to move and transport, easy to set up, versatile
1	very straightforward, reliable, enceinte customer patronage,light,easy to move and transport, easy to fructify up, versatile
0	price associated with paper/ink
0	price assort with paper/ink
1	Good price; semi-pro camera; 3MP range W/Digita Scripting and GPS interface capability
1	honorable price; semi-pro camera; 3MP rate W/Digita Scripting and GPS interface capability
0	It's old now.
0	It's sure-enough now.
1	Good, reasonable, compact, no problems with Windows 2000 Professional
1	Good, fairish, compact, no problems with Windows 2000 Professional
1	Great quality photos fax scanner printer small light weight
1	Great quality photos fax scanner printer small unclouded weight
1	I would say the biggest benefit is a business look with a youthful appeal.
1	I would read the biggest benefit is a business look with a youthful solicitation.
1	Excellent color and sharpness,  piece of cake to operate
1	Excellent color and sharpness,  piece of cake to engage
0	Only 8Mb Memory Stick supplied
0	lone 8Mb Memory Stick supplied
1	affordable, easy to use, great pictures, 3 flash settings,quality company
1	affordable, easy to expend, great pictures, trio flash settings,quality company
1	Great look, easy use, easy 2way acess, large lcd.
1	peachy look, easy use, easy 2way acess, large lcd.
1	takes great pictures and still cheap
1	conduct great pictures and still cheap
1	Fast, easy, solid. Very inexpensive toner.
1	Fast, easygoing, solid. Very inexpensive toner.
1	Slick design, High quality, Waterproof ink! Fade resistant ink! ink monitor, fast.
1	silklike design, highschool quality, Waterproof ink! Fade resistant ink! ink monitor, fast.
1	High-quality, neat-looking documents
1	High-quality, neat-looking papers
0	No drivers of OS X, doesn't do as well on HP photo paper
0	No drivers of OS cristal, doesn't do as considerably on HP photo paper
1	Good software, high quality, unbeatable price
1	safe software, high quality, unbeatable price
0	Goes through ink like a hot knife through butter.
0	depart through ink like a hot knife through butter.
0	No camera, not flip, small buttons (which could also be a pro)
0	No camera, not flip, diminished buttons (which could besides be a pro)
1	quick to get ready, great image sharpness
1	quick to get ready, great image distinctness
0	No optical viewfinder - but who needs it.  Sony's website
0	No optical viewfinder - but who inevitably it.  Sony's website
1	Elegant design, world phone, solid body feel.
1	Elegant design, world-wide phone, solid body feel.
0	Noisy paper feeder.
0	Noisy wallpaper feeder.
1	Incredible photo quality, accepts wide variety of papers color gamut excellent
1	Incredible photo quality, consent wide variety of papers distort gamut excellent
1	Nice phone, stereophonic rings, color screen
1	Nice phone, stereophonic rings, vividness screen
1	Quality
1	quality
0	No Wireless Web, huge antenna
0	No Wireless entanglement, huge antenna
0	prints are not water resistant
0	prints are not pee resistant
0	No USB cable included?  C'mon!
0	No USB wire included?  C'mon!
1	At, Wal-Mart for 99.99, the best price I could find for the features offered.
1	At, Wal-Mart for 99.99, the substantially price I could see for the boast offered.
1	Easy to fold and transport, attractive, many reclining options, open design allows children to interact.
1	Easy to faithful and channelise, attractive, many reclining options, open design allows tike to interact.
0	no zoom
0	no soar
1	Store 1000 names on the phone...Its light to carry around....
1	Store 1000 discover on the phone...Its wakeful to carry around....
0	everything
0	everything
1	Easy to learn to use
1	comfortable to learn to use
0	Display small
0	Display belittled
1	solid construction; responsive; IR port; loud volume; internal battery; small
1	solidness construction; responsive; IR port; tawdry volume; internal battery; small
0	No true multi-contact phone book. Hard to use counter-intuitive menus - VERY SLOW OS response!
0	No true multi-contact phone volume. Hard to purpose counter-intuitive menus - VERY SLOW OS response!
0	East batteries! On-off switch too easy to maneuver.
0	East batteries! On-off substitution too easy to maneuver.
1	sleek and lightweight, good ring volume
1	sleek and lightweight, good tintinnabulation volume
0	"I'm sorry, could you repeat that?" "Say again?" "What was that?" "Huh?"
0	"I'm drear, could you repeat that?" "order again?" "What was that?" "Huh?"
1	Good quick guide. Software not bad.
1	unspoiled quick guide. Software not bad.
1	Camera, Smart Card, Speakerphone, Uploadable Phone Numbers, Case has nice nonslip feel.
1	Camera, Smart Card, Speakerphone, Uploadable Phone amount, Case has prissy nonslip feel.
1	size, picture quality, durability, video feature, timer
1	size, image quality, durability, video feature, timer
1	Filmless technology = totally liberating! Buying accessories!
1	Filmless technology = entirely liberating! Buying accessories!
1	Great picture quality during the day and in good lighting. Excellent interface.
1	neat picture quality during the day and in upright lighting. Excellent interface.
0	a bit slow; somewhat noisy; bulky 
0	a bit slacken; somewhat noisy; bulky 
0	Can lose the lens cap!
0	stool lose the lens cap!
0	The cost of around $600 is a little high for most!
0	The cost of round $600 is a little eminent for most!
1	Ease of use, easy to carry, picture quality right out of camera
1	Ease of practice, easy to carry, picture choice right out of camera
1	Speed, Noise
1	Speed, haphazardness
0	see:&#13;&#10;http://www.epinions.com/content_48058371716&#13;&#10;
0	reckon:&#13;&#10;http://www.epinions.com/content_48058371716&#13;&#ten;
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
1	Reception rocks, slow interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is thoroughly, did I mention reception?
1	strong, beautiful,easy  to handle
1	strong, beautiful,easily  to handle
0	No external battery charger
0	nobelium external battery charger
1	Relatively inexpensive 
1	comparatively inexpensive 
0	Expensive, not many "extra" features.
0	Expensive, not many "supernumerary" features.
0	Ringtones are limited.
0	Ringtones are fix.
1	great pics, easy controls, small
1	great pics, easily controls, small
0	BATTERY LIFE!
0	BATTERY life!
1	Came free with my iMac, so the price was right!
1	arrive innocent with my iMac, so the price was right!
1	All in one phone. No need for a pda and a phone.
1	All in peerless phone. No postulate for a pda and a phone.
1	quality pictures for the price
1	quality figure for the price
0	Not nearly the efficiency of much more expensive laser printers.  Again, consider overall value.
0	Not about the efficiency of much more expensive laser printers.  Again, see overall value.
0	Antenna, Battery Door, Faceplate Replacement, Analog Drops, Radiation
0	feeler, Battery Door, Faceplate Replacement, Analog Drops, Radiation
1	size, ease of use, price
1	size, ease of habituate, price
1	good color, quiet, print preview
1	good colouration, quiet, print preview
1	easy to use, comfortable to use, through the lins focusing, customer service, upgrade policy.
1	easy to use, comfortable to habituate, through the lins concentrate, customer service, upgrade policy.
0	A little Bulky
0	adenine little Bulky
0	if you want quality goods you will have to fork over the dough, this item doesn't come cheap
0	if you want quality goods you will have to fork over the lettuce, this item doesn't seed brassy
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, replication, ease of use...
1	Feature RICH! Takes stunning photographs! Long battery life! 
1	Feature RICH! deal stunning photographs! Long battery life! 
1	easy to use, good value, reasonable quality
1	easy to use, good prize, reasonable quality
1	no film, digital display, flash, good pictures, fun to use, TV and computer compatible
1	no film, digital display, flash, ripe depiction, fun to use, TV and computer compatible
0	Somewhat limited battery life, but recharges quickly &amp; spares are available.
0	Somewhat limited barrage life-time, but recharges quickly &amp; spares are available.
0	Somewhat flimsy
0	passably flimsy
1	size, "cool" factor, lcd
1	size, "cool" agent, lcd
0	Reception not very good, caused by mobile phone service (Fido).
0	Reception not very just, caused by roving phone service (Fido).
1	Excellent pictures and easy to use.
1	Excellent pictures and loose to use.
1	Quality color picures.
1	Quality colorize picures.
0	Price
0	toll
1	compact, all-in-one, easy to use
1	compact, all-in-one, leisurely to use
0	Cost of ink cartridges.
0	Cost of ink magazine.
1	can do very basic digital photography
1	can do very introductory digital photography
1	Best of Breed (digital camera + 15 sec MPEGs), Quick for "precious life moments"
1	full of Breed (digital camera + 15 sec MPEGs), Quick for "precious life-time moments"
0	Large footprint.  Needs lots of room.  Canon paper is expensive.
0	Large footprint.  Needs plenty of board.  Canon paper is expensive.
0	badly manufactured (feels fragile), menus/software unorganized, low battery life
0	badly manufactured (feels thin), menus/software nonunionised, low battery life
1	Small, voice activation features, active infra-red port
1	Small, voice activation features, active infra-red larboard
1	Good Quality for Price
1	commodity Quality for Price
1	Cheap and easy
1	flash and easy
1	Size, style, durability, OS, sound, reception.
1	sizing, style, durability, OS, sound, reception.
0	NONE
0	none
0	slow uploading with standard serial port
0	slow uploading with stock serial port
0	No Lens Thread, Poor Battery Life, Expensive, Difficult Nikon Support.
0	No Lens Thread, wretched Battery Life, Expensive, Difficult Nikon supporting.
1	Size, Portability, Speed and Print Quality
1	Size, Portability, rush and Print Quality
0	Terrible under-basket. Poor "kick clearance" in the back.  
0	Terrible under-basket. Poor "complain clearance" in the back.  
1	Easy to Use, Large LCD Screen, Great In-Camera Menu, Great Resolution, Very Adequate Zoom, Easy to Change Compact Flash Card.
1	Easy to Use, Large LCD Screen, Great In-Camera Menu, Great Resolution, Very passable Zoom, easy to Change Compact flashy carte.
1	quality
1	prime
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	Very noisy!  Design is bigger and clunkier!
0	Very noisy!  Design is great and clunkier!
1	Inexpensive
1	inexpensive
0	Extremely small ink cartridges.  Be prepared to purchase these cartridges in groups of 5.
0	highly small ink cartridges.  Be devise to purchase these cartridges in groups of 5.
1	Small, Quality pics, tastes great and is less filling.
1	Small, Quality pics, preference great and is less filling.
0	sucks batteries when unplugged,not good for people pictures
0	sucks batteries when unplugged,not safe for people pictures
0	drinks ink, average results at best
0	drinks ink, average results at scoop
1	Very Durable, Best for Simple Home use. Comes with everything you need
1	Very Durable, well for Simple Home use. cum with everything you need
0	Really poor performance for the price
0	real poor performance for the price
1	Good quality pictures, long battery life, easy to use
1	Good quality scene, long battery life, easy to use
1	Cheap, durable, decent quality
1	Cheap, long-wearing, decent quality
0	Tiny voice dialing button, slightly larger than other flips hard to see in daylight
0	Tiny sound dialing button, slightly larger than other riffle hard to see in daylight
0	Goes through color ink fast, yellow ink cartridge too small
0	Goes through color ink fast, lily-livered ink pickup too small
0	Battery life/slightly dark prints.
0	Battery animation/slightly dark prints.
1	Great options, built strong, pleasing look, good clarity.
1	Great options, built strong, pleasing expression, good clarity.
1	Small, external caller ID, big screen, stylish
1	Small, external telephoner ID, big screen, stylish
1	fast,quality and paper saving double sided printing ability
1	fast,quality and paper saving treble sided printing ability
0	reliability, not easy to use
0	reliability, not easy to usage
0	Need good light for proper exposure 
0	motive good light for proper exposure 
1	Very good print quality - WHEN IT WORKS!
1	Very good print quality - WHEN IT play!
0	slow ADF scanning due to design defect
0	easy ADF scanning due to design defect
0	speaker doesn't work, charging is frustrating
0	speaker doesn't work, buck is frustrating
1	Great Zoom Range (10X), Loaded with features, Image sharpnesss
1	Great Zoom graze (10X), Loaded with features, Image sharpnesss
1	average speed lower price
1	average speed scummy price
0	annoying rings and it's flimsy
0	annoying rings and it's fragile
0	Battery Life, Price of headsets and other bluetooth equipment. 5mb of memory.
0	bombardment Life, cost of headsets and other bluetooth equipment. 5mb of memory.
0	warm up is slightly slow
0	quick up is slightly slow
0	small ink cartridges, bloated software
0	small ink cartridges, bloat software
0	Major: Really really bad antenna (should not buy b/c of this
0	Major: Really really bad antenna (should not bribe b/C of this
1	Great price, easy to use
1	bully price, easy to use
0	no notepad program; predictive text is confusing
0	no notepad program; predictive text is obnubilate
1	More features than I expected.
1	More features than I ask.
1	All the features the average user needs, nice color screen, changable faceplates
1	altogether the features the average user needs, nice color sort, changable faceplates
1	viewing screen, zoom, black-and-white photos
1	view screen, zoom, black-and-white photos
0	It runs out of ink and I have to wait!!!!
0	It endure out of ink and iodine have to wait!!!!
1	multifunction, up to 5760 x 720 dpi, cheaper ink cartridges
1	multifunction, up to 5760 ecstasy 720 dpi, crummy ink cartridges
1	Very simple interface with computer and printer.  Fairly compact.
1	Very simple interface with computer and printer.  pretty compact.
1	Color Screen, battery life, memory capacity
1	Color Screen, battery spirit, memory capacity
1	Excellent Quality
1	Excellent quality
1	A significant and notable step up from previous Ink-Jet "Photo" printers."
1	A significant and notable ill-use up from previous Ink-Jet "pic" printers."
1	Good price, high resolution, good display, sleek design
1	dear price, high resolution, good display, sleek design
1	Great bang for your buck.  Inexpensive. 
1	neat bang for your buck.  Inexpensive. 
1	Extensive manual control, high image quality, excellent suite of pro/advanced features, articulated LCD screen.
1	Extensive manual control, high image quality, excellent suite of professional/supercharge features, articulated LCD blind.
1	Fast, Impecable Quality
1	Fast, Impecable prime
1	Capable of extremely high image quality,  , Very short shutter release lag
1	Capable of extremely high image quality,  , Very scant shutter dismissal lag
0	Eats batteries like they all do. More zoom would be a plus
0	Eats shelling same they all do. More zoom would be a plus
1	It's a flip phone big deal.
1	It's a flip phone boastfully deal.
1	96 image storage capacity, nearly pocket sized
1	96 see storage capacity, nearly pocket sized
1	Store Images on Floppys
1	Store visualize on Floppys
0	Funky overly-long process before it starts to print EATS EXPENSIVE INK FAST!
0	smelly overly-long process before it starts to print deplete EXPENSIVE INK FAST!
1	Nothing really amazing here
1	zip really amazing here
0	Storage rack under seat not fully accessible when seat in full recline
0	Storage rack under buttocks not fully accessible when seat in entire recline
1	folder structure,large memory, user friendly, polyphonic, light, colour
1	folder structure,orotund memory, user friendly, polyphonic, light, colour
1	Well constructed. Very small and lightweight. Very crisp LCD display. 
1	easily constructed. Very pocket-sized and lightweight. Very crisp LCD display. 
0	Came in with a factory defect - microphone doesn't work
0	Came in with a factory defect - microphone doesn't turn
0	no manual functions, feels flimsy, no interchangeable lenses
0	no manual functions, flavor flimsy, no interchangeable lenses
1	Good picture quality
1	Good photograph quality
1	Small Size, 3.2 MegaPixels!, metal body, minor tweaks from S200
1	humble Size, 3.2 MegaPixels!, metal body, tike tweaks from S200
0	Slower than a Ronco infomercial
0	dull than a Ronco infomercial
1	A great point and shoot camera.  One memory card will get lots of pictures.
1	A great point and fritter camera.  One memory card will get sight of pictures.
0	Dropped calls, reception, keypad layout, no decline button.
0	Dropped scream, reception, keypad layout, no decline button.
0	High price, serial port to download, power usage
0	High price, serial port to download, superpower usage
1	low cost, slim size, works better than all other phones i had
1	low cost, slim size, works full than all other telephone i had
1	Compact but not too small.  Rechargeable Ni-MH batts included!
1	covenant but not too small.  Rechargeable Ni-MH batts included!
1	Floppy Disk technology
1	Floppy disc technology
0	Eats AA batteries.  Not cheap.
0	Eats AA shelling.  Not cheap.
1	size, weight, reception
1	size, weightiness, reception
1	Well, it works as a paper holder.
1	Well, it turn as a paper holder.
1	Durable, Speakerphone & Great Quality
1	lasting, Speakerphone & Great Quality
1	takes excellent pictures; expandability; easy to use
1	subscribe excellent pictures; expandability; easy to use
1	Great quality. Inexpensive
1	Great quality. cheap
1	Uses quality CD-R storage discs which you can pop out and view on your PC.
1	Uses character CD-R storehouse discs which you can pappa out and view on your PC.
1	Take great looking pictures with ease
1	Take great front pictures with ease
0	Ink cartridges don't last long...expensive!
0	Ink cartridges don't live long...expensive!
0	Sprint customer service stinks
0	Sprint client service stinks
1	5MP, F/1.8 lens, hot shoe, Compact Flash, AA batteries, great value.
1	5MP, F/1.8 lens, hot shoe, Compact flash, AA batteries, great evaluate.
0	Doesn't fold, unless you disassemble it, and is still extremely bulky. Only one seat position.
0	Doesn't fold, unless you disassemble it, and is still extremely bulky. only unmatched arse position.
1	Loudness
1	tawdriness
1	size
1	sizing
0	Prints slow
0	Prints tedious
0	Poor reliability, poor reception, terrible interface, sloooow interface, ugly.
0	Poor reliability, poor reception, frightening interface, sloooow interface, ugly.
0	the LCD screen drains batteries fast
0	the LCD screen drain batteries fast
0	None noted
0	None far-famed
0	Expensive, but not compared to others in category
0	Expensive, but not compare to others in category
0	bad resolution impossible to figure out
0	risky resolution impossible to figure out
1	color scree, polymorphic ringtones, wide selection of games, small size, good call quality, web browser
1	colourise scree, polymorphic ringtones, wide selection of games, minor size, thoroughly call quality, web browser
1	Good quality photos, zoom, small, easy to use
1	Good quality photos, zoom, modest, easy to use
0	Additional memory cards can be expensive.
0	Additional memory lineup can be expensive.
1	Tiny, powerful features
1	Tiny, powerful have
1	None
1	none
0	Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
0	Easy to break-dance/ wear charger design, earphone freezes and lags at times
0	I have not seen one yet
0	I have not escort one yet
0	Paper feeding is poor over time
0	Paper prey is poor over time
0	None
0	none
1	Quite small.  Good color for pictures
1	Quite small.  Good color for fancy
0	Battery use is a little much - perhaps no more than most digital cameras.
0	Battery utilize is a little much - perchance no more than most digital cameras.
0	Bulky when folded, doesn't lock in the folded position
0	Bulky when folded, doesn't interlock in the folded position
0	Uses color in like mad!
0	Uses color in similar mad!
0	Short battery life!
0	short-change battery life!
0	-Pictures can sometimes look pixelated (Not Clear), -Batteries drain quickly
0	-Pictures can sometimes reckon pixelated (Not clear-cut), -Batteries drain quickly
0	I dont have a con
0	I dont have a goldbrick
0	Trouble with graphics.
0	distract with graphics.
1	- Size, - Battery life, - Daytime pictures
1	- Size, - Battery life, - Daytime impression
1	light weight, maneuverable, extendable handles
1	short weight, maneuverable, extendable handles
1	See Review Above
1	meet Review Above
0	None, this is the 'perfect' sports stroller
0	None, this is the 'perfect' sports pusher
1	See Below
1	understand Below
0	slow to load, uses too many batteries, fuzzy distance shots
0	slow to load, US too many batteries, foggy distance shots
0	battery life
0	barrage life
0	Smile is very low-end, not for the serious digital photo lover.
0	Smile is very low-end, not for the sober digital pic lover.
0	Balance problem and it's hard to put away
0	residue problem and it's hard to put away
0	Steep prices for replacement ink cartridges.
0	extortionate prices for replacement ink cartridges.
0	The picture does not always take properly when holding down the button.
0	The show does not always fill properly when holding down the button.
1	Very big, great seating, large storage on bottom, reasonably priced.
1	Very big, great seating, large entrepot on bum, reasonably priced.
0	Picture quality depends on the photographer.
0	impression quality depends on the photographer.
1	Excellent sound and signal qualitly, easy to use
1	Excellent well-grounded and signal qualitly, easy to use
0	Color printing can be slow at higher resolutions
0	Color printing can be dense at higher resolutions
1	Great quality photos, very fast!,easy hookup.
1	Great quality photos, very fast!,wanton hookup.
1	good quality, decent speed
1	dependable quality, decent speed
1	plenty of features
1	sight of features
0	High Ink costs (I am told), Flimsy output tray.  
0	High Ink costs (I am told), tenuous output tray.  
1	Bad battery life and freezes up.
1	Bad battery living and freezes up.
0	Stated battery life is in dog hours, lame ringtones, ill advised outside buttons
0	Stated battery life is in track hours, lame ringtones, ill advised outdoor buttons
0	Price, LCD Display gets smudged
0	Price, LCD Display get smudged
1	Strong audio quality and long battery life.
1	Strong audio quality and long battery lifetime.
1	Great Camera, LCD is clear!
1	gravid Camera, LCD is clear!
0	No com.interfaced,B&W screen,no viberate ring,Texts tones,good basic?
0	No com.interfaced,B&W screen,no viberate pack,Texts tones,right basic?
0	None
0	none
0	Everything
0	Everything
1	Great camera for the price and size!
1	Great camera for the toll and size!
1	Perfect size, good flip opening angle, good ear piece
1	Perfect size, good flip opening angle, soundly ear piece
1	Size, construction, feature set.
1	Size, construction, feature limit.
0	You won't get to collect those nice little cans that 35mm film came in.
0	You won't get to collect those nice little commode that 35mm take came in.
1	Wonderful zoom, great display, small body but large enough to hold comfortably.
1	Wonderful zoom, great display, small soundbox but large enough to appreciation comfortably.
0	Telephoto limited to 2x, cannot add lens
0	Telephoto circumscribed to 2x, cannot add lens
1	Small, cheap - actually it's free with some providers.
1	Small, tawdry - actually it's free with some providers.
0	No memory chip.
0	No memory knap.
1	Small size, excellent picture quality, 2 megapixel is more than enough
1	belittled size, excellent picture quality, 2 megapixel is more than sufficiency
0	Tiny basket. Seatbelts could be better designed.
0	Tiny basket. Seatbelts could be unspoiled designed.
1	Looks Sleek, Voice Dialing, Speaker Phone, Camera, Video Clips, Voice Memo
1	front Sleek, Voice Dialing, Speaker sound, Camera, Video Clips, Voice Memo
0	Lousy bundled software.
0	crappy bundled software.
1	Quality and an mpeg recorder
1	character and an mpeg recorder
1	Very Cheap, Useful, Removable Flash cards, PC Link.
1	Very Cheap, Useful, Removable twinkling cards, PC Link.
0	lack of a LCD
0	miss of a LCD
1	Size, Clarity, Value of the phone now that it is an "older" model
1	Size, Clarity, Value of the phone now that it is an "one-time" manikin
1	Picture quality, ease of use
1	Picture lineament, ease of use
1	Nickle Hydride batteries,  ease of use, excellent color rendition
1	Nickle Hydride batteries,  ease of manipulation, excellent color rendition
0	A little "plastic" looking, drains batteries quickly, picture editing software is useless
0	A minuscule "plastic" looking, drains batteries speedily, picture editing software is useless
1	Good color reproduction
1	commodity color reproduction
1	durable, robust, feature rich, gold standard.
1	indestructible, robust, feature rich, gold standard.
1	Lightweight, easy to use
1	Lightweight, easy to function
1	Sleek, light, vibration etc.
1	Sleek, scant, vibration etc.
0	it is a point and shoot. NO VIDEO 
0	it is a point and inject. NO VIDEO 
1	Price, good for simple things, quality is decent.
1	Price, good for simple things, lineament is decent.
1	fast, cheap, small
1	fast, garish, small
0	Modest to short battery life.
0	Modest to short battery biography.
1	Photo color &amp; clarity, flip-out LCD screen, remote included
1	Photo color &amp; clarity, flip-out LCD shield, remote included
1	special features, easy 3.5 disk storage
1	special features, easy 3.five disk storage
1	Easy to use!!!
1	slowly to use!!!
1	Good quality, uses floppy discs
1	Good quality, America floppy discs
1	This camera contours nicely to your hand and can take high quality pictures.
1	This camera configuration nicely to your hand and can yield high quality pictures.
0	NEVER WORKS
0	never WORKS
0	Inadequate help for voice command feature, low battery life, side buttons poorly placed
0	Inadequate help for voice command feature, low battery spirit, slope buttons poorly placed
0	none
0	none
0	small amount of internal memory.
0	small amount of home memory.
0	small basket that's hard to reach, doesn't really recline
0	small basket that's hard to strain, doesn't really recline
1	Pretty, Great reception, Quad-band GSM.
1	Pretty, cracking reception, Quad-band GSM.
0	Dropping features unexpectedly and permanently. I take very good care of my phone.
0	Dropping boast unexpectedly and permanently. I subscribe very good care of my phone.
1	Great Print Quality
1	bang-up Print Quality
1	Simple to install, easy to use, good print speed, great quality.
1	Simple to install, promiscuous to use, good print speed, gravid quality.
1	a reliable and sturdy phone with many advanced features
1	a reliable and sturdy phone with many sophisticated features
1	Good resolution, zoom, memory, rechargeable batteries, software, LED screen, and photo options at a reasonable price.
1	Good resolution, zoom, retention, rechargeable batteries, software, direct riddle, and photo options at a reasonable price.
0	Cheap construction, confusing menus
0	Cheap construction, obscure menus
1	Easy to use, high image capacity
1	Easy to use, high trope capacity
1	small, robust, great picture quality, good lens, very flexible
1	small, robust, expectant picture quality, good lens, very flexible
1	good photo quality printing
1	near photo quality printing
0	Poor  Photos
0	poor  Photos
1	Speed, colors, size, batteries
1	Speed, colourise, size, batteries
1	lightweight, sturdy, removable front bar, back stand bar, full featured
1	lightweight, sturdy, removable front bar, stake stand streak, full featured
1	Durable sides (rubber) and sleek design.
1	Durable sides (rubber) and sleek contrive.
0	not great for photo pictures
0	not cracking for photo pictures
1	Excellent printer with good quality
1	Excellent printer with good timber
1	Nice case
1	nice case
0	Bad battery life, Bad sound, Lack of durability.
0	Bad battery life, Bad healthy, Lack of durability.
0	price (!!!!!), very large and heavy
0	price (!!!!!), very large and grave
0	slow, needs some additional purchases
0	slow, motive some additional purchases
1	A great, easy to use digital camera. The manual leaves nothing to chance.
1	A great, easy to practice digital camera. The manual leaves nil to chance.
0	no case, drains batteries, no AC adapter
0	no case, drainage batteries, no AC adapter
1	Easy to use.  Excellent pictures.  Automatic features make a beginners pictures look great.
1	Easy to use.  Excellent visualise.  Automatic features make a novice pictures look great.
0	Horrible sound quality and reception.  Lots of dropped calls.
0	Horrible sound quality and reception.  lots of dropped calls.
0	Forget about printing anything in color
0	Forget about printing anything in gloss
1	Has an awesome safety belt.
1	experience an awesome safety belt.
1	Great color and speed at a great price
1	bang-up color and speed at a great price
0	a little bulkier then 35 mm!
0	a short bulkier then 35 mm!
1	Nice looking, nice fabric
1	Nice looking, gracious fabric
0	hidden additional costs; lacking standard, practical features
0	hidden additional costs; lacking standard, practical feature
1	Small/compact, fast accurate prints, owners manual reader friendly
1	Small/constrict, fast accurate prints, owners manual reader friendly
1	Small size, calendar, long battery life, and most important, the look on your friends' faces.
1	Small size, calendar, long battery living, and most important, the aspect on your friends' cheek.
1	Ease of Use, and Great Shots
1	Ease of Use, and majuscule Shots
1	Flip/Camera phone; Caller-ID; Get It Now!; Cool Ring Tones; text friendly; charges quickly.
1	Flip/Camera phone; Caller-ID; puzzle It Now!; Cool Ring Tones; text friendly; lodge quickly.
0	Plastic housing could be more solid feeling
0	Plastic housing could be more solid opinion
0	Battery life. You will need to invest in rechargeable batteries.
0	Battery life. You will pauperization to invest in rechargeable battery.
1	I wanted a basic clamshell design and liked the feel and ease of use.
1	ace wanted a basic clamshell design and liked the feel and repose of use.
0	Lousy indoor pictures (most repairable though), poor focus, non-upgradable.
0	Lousy indoor pictures (most repairable though), poor concentre, non-upgradable.
0	None known.
0	none known.
0	Blurry low-light images, weak LCD, shadowing
0	Blurry low-light double, weak LCD, shadowing
1	Great print quality. Easy to use.
1	corking print quality. Easy to use.
0	Seems to get warm after 20 min of talk time
0	Seems to gravel warm after 20 min of talk clock
0	Too many problems to deal with
0	Too many problems to passel with
0	Zoom is not enough
0	Zoom is not decent
0	It is analog and has no battery life.
0	It is analog and has no battery lifetime.
0	just above average picture quality, poor focus at night
0	just above average fancy quality, poor focus at night
0	lack of options
0	lack of selection
0	slow, uses a lot of ink, noisy
0	slow, uses a draw of ink, noisy
1	loaded with features, individual ink cartridges, high quality/speed
1	loaded with have, individual ink cartridges, high quality/speed
0	- Poor low light pictures, - No noise/confirmation when taking picture
0	- Poor miserable twinkle pictures, - No noise/confirmation when taking picture
1	Small size, ease of use, clear controls
1	Small size, ease of use, authorize controls
0	Battery hog, flash not always sufficient
0	Battery hog, flash not ever sufficient
0	Lens cap falls off easily.  Big deal, right?  :-)
0	Lens cap falls off easily.  Big flock, right?  :-)
0	Freezes once in a while, not many new features.
0	Freezes once in a while, not many novel features.
1	zoom lens
1	whizz lens
1	Quiet &amp; quick; versatile
1	tranquilize &amp; quick; versatile
1	clarity, great flash, infolithium battery
1	clarity, big flash, infolithium battery
0	a little pricey
0	a short pricey
0	No Digita OS, ships with little memory, no time-lapse timer.
0	No Digita OS, embark with minuscule memory, no time-lapse timer.
0	only 12 pictures when using high quality
0	only 12 depict when using high quality
0	BIG CON: Screen malfunctions common to model. Other Con: No "Delete All" text message ability.
0	large gyp: Screen malfunctions common to model. Other hornswoggle: No "Delete All" text message ability.
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	vocalisation recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	small size yet retains features of the C-line of Olympus Cameras
1	minuscule size yet retains features of the C-line of Olympus camera
0	Only picture wallpapers available, nothing plain
0	Only picture wallpapers available, zip plain
0	Analog.  Fragile antenna.
0	Analog.  fragile antenna.
1	Its cheap, on screen ink display
1	Its cheap, on shield ink display
1	Vibrate ringer,  voice dial, speaker phone, call quality, compact size, battery life, wireless internet.
1	Vibrate ringer,  phonation dial, speaker phone, call quality, squeeze size, battery life, wireless internet.
0	small screen for mobile web
0	small cover for mobile web
1	Multi-functioning, print quality.
1	Multi-functioning, print timber.
0	Slow to download
0	irksome to download
1	very small, light weight, clear send and receive, loud ringer
1	very diminished, perch weight, clear send and receive, loud ringer
0	Rings could be louder, no feedback from microphone to earpiece.
0	doughnut could be garish, no feedback from microphone to earpiece.
0	Size, Size, Size - and the Flash
0	Size, Size, size - and the Flash
0	Hmmm...having difficulty with a "con."
0	Hmmm...having difficulty with a "flimflam."
1	Great good quality printing, doesn't take up much space, hardly costs anything.
1	Great serious quality printing, doesn't need up much space, hardly costs anything.
0	Doesn't show charging indicator; expensive to use V CAST features
0	Doesn't appearance charging indicator; expensive to use quintet CAST features
0	display, menus, no games preloaded, no units converter, volume controls, speakerphone.
0	exhibit, menus, no punt preloaded, no units converter, volume controls, speakerphone.
0	Front slider easily broken
0	Front slider easily wear
1	quality of images, range of options
1	quality of picture, range of options
0	Rather big and bulky compared to other phones on the market.
0	quite adult and bulky compared to other phones on the market.
1	User friendly, convenient features
1	User friendly, convenient boast
0	Extremely poor battery life 1/2 hour tops.
0	Extremely misfortunate battery life 1/2 hour tops.
1	clear crisp pictures, easy to transfer, rugged, view finder.
1	clear kinky pictures, easy to transfer, rugged, view finder.
0	not for taking pictures of kids
0	not for hire pictures of kids
0	sliding lens cover has a sticking point
0	sliding lens overlay has a sticking point
0	Absolutely everything. Terrible picture, battery life
0	Absolutely everything. fearful picture, battery life
1	Color screen, light weight, polyphonic ring, downloadable software, good signal retention
1	colourise screen, light weight, polyphonic ring, downloadable software, full signal retention
0	Expensive ink refills
0	expensive ink refills
1	Good size, great reception
1	unspoiled size, great reception
0	none
0	none
0	Battery life, Hard to see the monitor outside in sunlight
0	Battery life, Hard to meet the monitor out-of-door in sunlight
1	Easy to use for the novice, USB makes downloading a breeze.
1	Easy to habit for the novice, USB ca-ca downloading a breeze.
0	You need to buy extra memory; no case
0	You need to buy extra retention; no case
0	I haven't found anything I didn't like
0	I haven't see anything I didn't like
0	Display a bit utilitarian; No polyphonic ringer
0	Display a scrap utilitarian; No polyphonic ringer
0	Noisy, expensive, bad customer service, not supported on Windows XP.
0	Noisy, expensive, risky customer serving, not supported on Windows XP.
0	My trunk opening is narrow so getting it in the trunk is a hassle
0	My trunk opening is constrict so getting it in the trunk is a scuffle
1	Very easy to use, good battery life, excellent reception.
1	Very well-off to use, good battery life, excellent reception.
1	Portable size and great picture quality!
1	Portable size and great picture choice!
1	All the options of an expensive cell phone may offer
1	wholly the options of an expensive cell sound may offer
0	Size, battery is an extra
0	Size, barrage is an extra
0	Lens cap falls off a lot
0	Lens cap falls off a distribute
0	None
0	none
0	Noisy, Quality isn't as good
0	Noisy, Quality isn't as dear
1	voice quality, easy to take pictures, small size, good speakerphone
1	voice quality, comfortable to consume pictures, small size, good speakerphone
1	Priced right for a beginner.
1	Priced mighty for a beginner.
0	battery life, occasional slow auto focus and shutter speed (my bad probably) in low light
0	battery life, occasional slack auto focus and shutter speed (my regretful probably) in low twinkle
0	Speaker phone, Not User Friendly, Service coverage, 2 year contract.
0	Speaker phone, Not User Friendly, Service coverage, II year compact.
1	Standard AA batteries, USB and build-in flash
1	criterion AA batteries, USB and build-in flash
0	sometimes difficult to operate complicated tasks
0	sometimes unmanageable to operate complicated tasks
0	a bit Bulky, numbers are hard to get used to at first
0	a bit Bulky, numbers are concentrated to experience used to at first
0	FRAGILE DESIGN, manual flip up flash, no manual settings
0	FRAGILE DESIGN, manual flip up dart, no manual settings
0	Slow, Loud, paper weight support that holds up the paper in the feeder 
0	Slow, garish, paper weight support that withstand up the paper in the feeder 
0	Small keypad, SIM Card warn out in 13 months, doesn't work most of the time.
0	humble keypad, SIM placard warn out in 13 months, doesn't exercise most of the time.
0	No preview screen
0	no preview screen
1	Excellent construction, loaded with features and great picture quality!
1	Excellent construction, slopped with features and great picture quality!
1	Small profile &amp;amp; long lasting battery power
1	Small profile &amp;amp; longsighted lasting battery power
0	Flimsy design, no cable included
0	Flimsy excogitation, no cable included
1	The screen, sound quality
1	The screen, sound tone
0	A bit expensive
0	A flake expensive
1	Styling
1	title
0	Camera is sufficient.
0	camera is sufficient.
0	Mediocre display, limited features
0	Mediocre display, restrain features
0	lens cap falls off easily
0	lens cap precipitate off easily
0	Speaker on my end occasionally buzzes. The other end doesn't seem to hear it though.
0	Speaker on my terminal occasionally buzzes. The other destruction doesn't seem to learn it though.
0	nothing
0	zero
1	Slimness, durable construction
1	Slimness, durable structure
1	Excellent software to accompany camera
1	Excellent package to accompany camera
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	Bluetooth not as knock-down as it could be. Data cable hard to happen.
1	Great clarity, built-in speaker phone, looks sharp, easy to use, and VERY Cool
1	Great clarity, built-in speaker phone, looks sharp, well-situated to use, and selfsame Cool
0	Limited manual controls, no TIFF format, weak flash, expensive
0	Limited manual ascendency, no TIFF format, weak flash, expensive
0	Horrible, bloated print driver for the PC.
0	Horrible, bloated print driver for the microcomputer.
1	Pretty cheap now that they're a bit old. Fairly good print quality, with a reasonable print speed.
1	Pretty punk now that they're a bit sometime. Fairly good print quality, with a reasonable print hie.
1	Good for Point and Shoot, okay picture quality.
1	Good for Point and Shoot, okay icon quality.
0	No flash, small movement can ruin a picture.
0	No gimcrack, small movement can ruin a picture.
0	Mediocre battery life.  Definitely get a rechargeable battery.
0	Mediocre battery life.  Definitely incur a rechargeable battery.
0	The software's user-interface stinks. Expensive. Big!
0	The software's user-interface stinks. Expensive. grown!
0	Separate rechargeable battery, Current microdrive issues
0	branch rechargeable battery, Current microdrive issues
1	Low original price
1	lowly original price
1	Fun design, great features
1	Fun contrive, great features
1	small and light weight, battery life. great ringers. External Caller ID/ time display.
1	minuscule and sluttish weight, battery life. great ringers. External Caller ID/ time display.
0	Volume problems with earphones, no dedicated "END" button
0	Volume problems with earphones, no dedicated "close" button
0	Can be bulky, non-reversing handle and canopy
0	potty be bulky, non-reversing handle and canopy
1	Quick printing, great color prints -  photo quality, economical
1	ready printing, great color prints -  photo quality, economical
1	fast, good PL6 images 1200 bpi.
1	fast, just PL6 images 1200 bpi.
1	Durability, sound quality, speaker phone quality.
1	Durability, good quality, speaker phone quality.
0	small memory stick included, so you will need to buy more
0	lowly memory joystick included, so you will need to buy more
0	No external display; button size; no external speaker
0	No external display; button size; no international speaker
1	Great technical specifications.
1	outstanding technical specifications.
1	Good buy, practical
1	practiced buy, practical
1	Picture quality is excellent when working properly.  OSX compatible.
1	Picture quality is excellent when work properly.  OSX compatible.
0	Look for good price breaks for deals to lower cost
0	Look for upright price interrupt for deals to lower cost
0	No caller ID on mine.
0	No caller-out ID on mine.
0	Cost, red eye flash problem
0	Cost, red eye heartbeat problem
0	Just about everything else
0	only about everything else
1	Quality photos, easy to use, price.
1	Quality photos, easy to utilize, price.
1	Voice Dialing/Commands
1	articulation Dialing/Commands
1	Price and rebates
1	Price and rabbet
1	Compact, lightweight and good quality
1	covenant, lightweight and good quality
0	Somewhat difficult menu, minimal ringtones.
0	Somewhat unmanageable menu, minimal ringtones.
1	Rugged, fast, easy to use, and excellent pictures.
1	Rugged, dissipated, easy to use, and excellent pictures.
1	Clear, concise print. Easy to understand instructions. All in one compact size.
1	exonerated, concise print. Easy to understand instructions. All in one bundle size.
0	Ink Cartridges are pricey.
0	Ink Cartridges are costly.
1	Soild engineering, tried-and-true phone
1	Soild engineer, tried-and-true phone
1	Fast, competent, fully featured, quality results, excellent value for money, extensible.
1	loyal, competent, fully featured, quality leave, excellent value for money, extensible.
1	Less space then separate printer and scanner.
1	Less space then divide printer and scanner.
0	Camera is hazy, can't view missed calls list, bad battery life
0	Camera is hazy, can't view missed song tilt, bad battery life
0	cartridges cannot be refilled, slow and noisy
0	cartridges cannot be replenish, slow and noisy
1	Quiet operation, front load paper feed
1	smooth operation, front load paper feed
0	NONE except I wish I could have afforded the difference for the FD-88 which has a great zoom!
0	NONE except ane compliments I could have afforded the difference for the FD-88 which has a capital zoom!
1	Nice display
1	skillful display
1	Cost, replacement ink costs
1	Cost, permutation ink costs
0	Annoying menu functionality, useless service and battery life indicators
0	Annoying menu functionality, useless service and battery life indicator
1	Reception, video, Music Player, Camera, hi-res LCD's
1	Reception, video, Music instrumentalist, Camera, hi-res LCD's
0	None yet
0	None still
1	very well packed (snicker)
1	very good packed (snicker)
0	none at all!
0	none at all!
1	Photo shop quality pictures produced in less than 1 minute., Easy set up, 
1	Photo shop quality pictures produce in less than 1 minute., Easy hardening up, 
0	Maybe a bit expensive.
0	Maybe a second expensive.
1	easy to read screen, lightweight and compact
1	easy to read screenland, lightweight and compact
1	Good clarity, ease of use, and nicely designed.
1	commodity clarity, ease of use, and nicely designed.
1	Easy to use, nice print quality
1	light to use, nice print quality
1	Great quality, easy to use.
1	Great quality, comfortable to use.
1	Speakerphone, neat design (like a classic Trek communicator)
1	Speakerphone, neat design (like a classical Trek communicator)
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	Looks and feels brassy, talk time less than promised, bombardment meter is deceptive
1	disk size, ease of use, longevity
1	disk size, rest of use, longevity
0	Limited capacity and no LCD for preview
0	circumscribe capacity and no LCD for preview
1	EASY! Great pictures and video, too!
1	well-to-do! Great pictures and video, too!
1	size, appearance, and &quot;everyday&quot; features
1	size, appearance, and &quot;mundane&quot; features
0	none
0	none
0	navi-key can be confusing when attempting to use in-call features
0	navi-key can be blur when attempting to manipulation in-call features
1	High quality output.  Relatively fast.
1	gamey quality output.  Relatively fast.
1	Quick and easy to use.
1	promptly and easy to use.
0	out of warrently will try a motorola next
0	out of warrently will try a motorola succeeding
1	Sleek, Stylish, Compact, Lightweight
1	Sleek, Stylish, stocky, Lightweight
1	TOO MUCH TO MENTION IN THIS LITTLE BOX...READ Descrip
1	TOO MUCH TO note IN THIS fiddling BOX...READ Descrip
1	Great battery life, nice looking phone, plenty of features, awesome price.
1	Great battery biography, nice wait phone, plenty of features, awesome price.
0	Earpiece volume not as loud as I like. Some controls not for bigger fingers.
0	earpiece volume not as loud as I like. Some controls not for boastful fingers.
0	Zoom sucks, not for the professional
0	Zoom breastfeed, not for the professional
0	lots of problems
0	lots of problem
0	not as advanced as some
0	not as ripe as some
0	Odd address book, menus a bit deep, not enough letters for LCD in addressbook
0	unpaired accost book, menus a bit deep, not enough letters for LCD in addressbook
1	Awesome color display, stable Palm system, easy to use.  Reminds me of my old StarTac.
1	Awesome color display, stable Palm system, promiscuous to expend.  Reminds me of my Old StarTac.
1	Excellent picture quality, great control, great price!
1	Excellent video quality, great control, great price!
1	Great reception , high quality of sound, calendar, reliability, tough.
1	Great reception , gamy quality of sound, calendar, reliability, tough.
0	The inks are expensive as is the high gloss, good paper.
0	The inks are expensive as is the high gloss, adept wallpaper.
1	beats scanning images with a scanner
1	beats scanning image with a scanner
1	The price, the speed, the quality, HP printer reliability, low cost printer consumables
1	The price, the rush, the quality, HP printer reliability, low-spirited cost printer consumables
0	Small buttons take some getting used to, no case included
0	Small buttons lease some getting used to, no caseful included
1	Goes anywhere, provides publication-quality pictures; great warranty service
1	Goes anywhere, provides publication-quality see; great warranty service
0	Phone turns on and off regardless of battery strength, GPS enabled but not functional.
0	phone turns on and off regardless of battery strength, GPS enabled but not operative.
1	High resolution, easy to use, great software.
1	High resolution, easy to use, bully software.
0	Text browser, ringer bug
0	Text browser, ringer tap
0	Does not print to edge,  Discontinued for the 1280
0	arrange not print to edge,  Discontinued for the 1280
0	Substandard reception and software glitches.
0	Substandard response and software glitches.
1	Instant Pictures to share with family on the www
1	Instant fancy to share with family on the www
1	Unique design, loudspeaker, video recorder, digital camera, voice dialing, IR port, MMC memory slot.
1	unparalleled aim, loudspeaker, video recorder, digital camera, voice dialing, IR port, MMC memory slot.
1	Attractive phone, unique design, very portable, large display, crisp call quality.
1	Attractive phone, unique design, very portable, enceinte display, terse call quality.
1	very cheap to purchase, easy to setup
1	very brassy to purchase, easy to setup
1	Compact &amp; well specified for the money
1	thickset &amp; well specified for the money
0	wish it had more optical zoom...but hey it was only $399
0	want it had more optical whizz...but hey it was only $399
0	slow to take pictures, eats up batteries, no ability to record video
0	tardily to take pictures, rust up batteries, no ability to record video
0	Mid-range price
0	Mid-range Price
1	1.8" LCD; inexpensive; video output to TV
1	I.8" LCD; inexpensive; video output to TV
0	unprotected lcd screen, big in size, low effective megapixel capacity
0	unprotected lcd screen, prominent in size, low-spirited effective megapixel capacity
1	Small, Color screen and well my external brain.
1	Small, distort screen and well my external brain.
0	Low Memory, expensive, no distance range, etc etc
0	Low Memory, expensive, no distance rove, etc etc
0	No zoom.
0	No soar.
1	Color copies look pretty good
1	Color copy look pretty good
0	Poor RF performance
0	Poor RF functioning
0	short standby life of ink-jet cartridge
0	little standby life of ink-jet cartridge
0	buttons, back cover loose
0	buttons, dorsum cover loose
0	Swivel wheels don't always stick in the "fixed position", which I prefer to use.
0	Swivel wheels don't always pin in the "fixed lieu", which I prefer to use.
1	Compact and light
1	Compact and unhorse
1	Easy to use, set up, functional
1	sluttish to use, set up, functional
1	This camera is tempting because it has so many features. Great zoom lens too!
1	This camera is tempting because it has so many have. slap-up zoom lens too!
1	Great price; great price!
1	corking price; great price!
0	The stroller is really big and hard to maneuver through shopping isles in department stores.
0	The pushchair is really crowing and hard to maneuver through shopping isles in department stock.
1	Very good resolution quality
1	Very good declaration quality
0	Expensive
0	expensive
1	Small, stylish, ease of use
1	Small, stylish, comfort of use
1	Very easy to install, with a great installation guide. Great printer for the price.
1	Very easy to establish, with a peachy installation guide. Great printer for the price.
0	paper jams, annoying sounds, so-so print quality
0	wallpaper jams, annoying sounds, so-so print quality
0	Not enough room to type them all here, please read the epinion
0	Not decent room to type them all here, please show the epinion
0	Not real 4800 dpi! (it's almost impossible)
0	Not actual 4800 dpi! (it's almost impossible)
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
0	dull, poor quality, poor paper feed
0	Low Zoom, Options
0	scummy Zoom, Options
1	2.1 megapixel, good optics; comes with 8 meg cart
1	2.1 megapixel, full optics; comes with 8 meg haul
1	Cool style, great battery life, extremely clear, easy to use!
1	Cool style, capital battery life, extremely clear, leisurely to use!
1	Cool Techie Looking Slate Color Case&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy USB, Parallel, and Mac Local Talk connectors
1	Cool Techie Looking Slate Color Case&amp;#thirteen;&AMP;#10;Handy USB, Parallel, and mack Local Talk connectors
1	very durable.  good speaker phone.  easy to use.
1	very durable.  effective speaker phone.  easy to use.
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear legal, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so lots more
1	Compact, high quality, complete control AND video!
1	Compact, high quality, arrant control AND video!
1	Small enough to carry in a shirt pocket., Awesome clarity
1	humble enough to carry in a shirt pocket., Awesome pellucidity
1	Great pictures
1	nifty pictures
1	Easy to use, portable, efficient &amp; entertaining
1	well-fixed to use, portable, efficient &amp; entertaining
0	Everything
0	Everything
1	$275, Compact, Fun
1	$275, contract, Fun
0	extras you need
0	extras you ask
0	Will not record extremely faint point sources which are readily visible to the human eye.
0	Will not record extremely feeble level origin which are readily visible to the human eye.
1	you can always make it look different
1	you can always have it look different
1	Very light, shoulder strap for carrying, the bar detaches for toddlers, easy to fold/unfold
1	Very lightheaded, shoulder lather for carrying, the stripe detaches for toddlers, easy to fold/unfold
1	The Best 'Bang For The Buck!'
1	The Best 'fringe For The Buck!'
1	Good Print Quality
1	goodness Print Quality
0	Seriously annoying interface quirks
0	badly annoying interface quirks
1	Easy to install, easy to use, lots  of excellent features.
1	well-off to install, easy to use, raft  of excellent features.
0	cheap made, jams occasionally
0	cheap form, jams occasionally
1	External caller ID, flip phone, loud ringer!
1	External caller ID, throw phone, loud ringer!
0	Battery hog, poor LCD screen
0	Battery hog, poor LCD filmdom
1	Sharp images, excellent color and contrast. Intuitive interface.
1	Sharp image, excellent color and contrast. Intuitive interface.
1	size,quality of pics, accessories, price
1	size,calibre of pics, accessories, price
1	Qwerty keyboard.
1	Qwerty keyboard.
1	Lots of manual options, incredible feature set, superb four megapixel digital images, 
1	Lots of manual options, incredible feature localise, superb four megapixel digital visualise, 
0	Bulky!!
0	bulky!!
0	some might find a battery life of 2.5 hours limiting; no analog roaming
0	some might chance a battery life of 2.5 hours confining; no analog roaming
0	Only 8 mb Smart media card included
0	lonesome 8 mb Smart media card included
0	too small, fragile
0	too small, frail
1	Easy to operate, durable, stylish, good phone for a small price.
1	Easy to operate, indestructible, stylish, estimable phone for a small price.
0	Battery life could use improvement, display letters are odd
0	Battery life could use improvement, exhibit letters are odd
0	New technology sometimes needs to work out the kinks
0	fresh technology sometimes needs to work out the kinks
1	extremely easy to push over all surfaces, folds easily 
1	extremely easy to press over all surfaces, folds easily 
0	none
0	none
0	Plastic tripod mount, can't access battery or CF release while mounted on tripod (BIG WHOOP!!)
0	shaping tripod mount, can't access battery or CF free while bestride on tripod (BIG WHOOP!!)
0	The price is a little high but its well worth it.
0	The price is a lilliputian heights but its well worth it.
1	GSM coverage in US, Europe and Africa, long talk time, text messaging
1	GSM coverage in US, Europe and Africa, long mouth metre, text messaging
1	Great rice, great resolution, a bargain for a 2.1 mp
1	Great rice, slap-up closure, a bargain for a 2.1 mp
0	2Mb memory, "small" paper cache (~100 sheets)
0	2Mb memory, "small" paper cache (~C sheets)
1	Lightweight, easy to steer, and sturdy. Inexpensive while big on style!
1	Lightweight, easy to steer, and sturdy. Inexpensive while expectant on fashion!
1	lightweight, convenient, attractive&#9;&#9;
1	lightweight, convenient, attractive&#9;&#niner;
1	powerful antennae, easy to use, compose ring tones
1	powerful antennae, easy to use, compose ring tone
0	FAT aerial can be a put-off
0	fertile aerial can be a put-off
1	It's sleek, thin and stylish, but there's where it stops.
1	It's sleek, slight and stylish, but there's where it period.
0	Could be faster in high quality modes. Bangs around a bit in high speed.
0	Could be flying in high quality modes. Bangs around a bit in high accelerate.
1	paper handling , price
1	paper wield , price
1	I enjoy printing out copies using this printer!
1	I enjoy printing out copies using this pressman!
0	Low memory means restrictions on printing graphics
0	Low memory means restrictions on impress graphics
1	Great print quality, fast text printing, awesome interface for SmartMedia and CompactFlash cards, large inkwells
1	Great print timber, profligate text printing, awesome interface for SmartMedia and CompactFlash cards, vauntingly inkwells
0	Ringtones, ringtones, ringtones...did I mention lack of ringtones? Confusing internet navigation.
0	Ringtones, ringtones, ringtones...did I cite lack of ringtones? throw internet navigation.
1	Good Quality prints and easy setup.
1	Good Quality prints and gentle setup.
0	Night time display not viewable  on the camera viewer.
0	Night clip display not viewable  on the camera viewer.
0	cheap construction, mediocre JPEG's,poor design,poor LCD
0	cheap construction, mediocre JPEG's,poor blueprint,poor LCD
1	10x zoom, image stabilizer, accurate colors, sharp lens
1	10x zoom, project stabilizer, accurate colors, sharp lens
0	The menus are a little bit annoying
0	The menus are a little bit plaguy
0	Loud, Shakes my entire desk
0	tacky, Shakes my entire desk
0	Battery life, lens door flimsy, multi-control, Auto setting
0	Battery life, lens door flimsy, multi-control, Auto typeset
0	A bit on the expensive side, but worth it.
0	A piece on the expensive side, but worth it.
0	view finder does not work well in low light
0	view finder does not work well in moo light
0	What good are gadgets if you can't keep a call connected?
0	What good are widget if you can't livelihood a call connected?
1	Best cell phone on the Market
1	Best cell phone on the mart
1	Great styling, attractive interface, speakerphone capability, voice quality, ease of use.
1	Great styling, attractive interface, speakerphone capability, voice quality, relief of expend.
0	Terrible customer service.
0	dread customer service.
0	No flexibility and limited to 640 x 480 
0	No flexibility and modified to 640 x 480 
1	Inexpensive, exceptional graphic/photo print quality, fast, laser-crisp text, individual ink cartridges (inexpensive as well)
1	Inexpensive, exceptional vivid/photo print quality, flying, laser-crisp text, somebody ink cartridges (inexpensive as well)
0	bad paper feed, poor print quality
0	bad paper give, poor print quality
1	Good-looking phone with nifty blue backlighting that is easy to read in the dark
1	Good-looking phone with nifty blue backlighting that is slow to read in the saturnine
0	Brutal Menu System
0	barbarous Menu System
1	Outstanding Quality
1	Outstanding character
0	None
0	none
1	A digital camera that feels like a good 35mm camera!
1	A digital camera that sense like a safe 35mm camera!
1	Ease of use, small size and reliability
1	Ease of utilise, small size and reliability
0	picture close ups could be better, no thru lens viewing
0	picture cheeseparing ups could be better, no thru lens view
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	'Missed Call' function, humbled vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	a little expensive
0	a trivial expensive
0	Exspensive Ink!
0	Exspensive ink!
1	small, compact, good backlighting
1	small, compress, good backlighting
0	accessories poor - no portable mobile antenna
0	accessories poor - no portable nomadic antenna
0	no problems
0	no problem
0	haven't found any yet.
0	haven't establish any yet.
0	mechanisms stick after awhile
0	mechanisms pose after awhile
0	Panorama-mode assistance is a joke
0	Panorama-mode assistance is a antic
0	Low battery life.  Gotta look at the instruction manual.
0	scurvy battery life.  Gotta look at the instruction manual.
1	A great choice for people who just want a phone.
1	A swell choice for people who just want a telephone.
0	OS software glitches/lockups
0	OS software glitch/lockups
1	Uses floppy disks(very cheap and convenient), simple to use
1	Uses floppy disks(very chintzy and convenient), simpleton to use
0	May take a few seconds to start up
0	May takings a few seconds to start up
0	no optical zoom, no USB Interface
0	no optical soar, no USB Interface
1	Good clean print. Quality copies. No jams.
1	estimable clean print. Quality copies. No jams.
1	Overall good quality pictures
1	Overall good quality photo
1	fast, quiet, lightweight and more
1	fast, placidity, lightweight and more
1	Small form factor, Color Screen, Integrated Bluetooth
1	Small form factor, colourize Screen, Integrated Bluetooth
1	Sharp image quality, easy to use/install, prints on a large variety of paper types.
1	sharp image quality, easily to use/install, print on a large variety of paper types.
1	Very high resolution, full manual control, long battery life, compact
1	Very high settlement, full manual ascendancy, long battery life, compact
1	Excellent resolution and color, very user friendly, very little shutter lag.
1	Excellent answer and color, very user friendly, very short shutter lag.
0	Definitely not for taking actions shots.
0	Definitely not for taking actions dig.
0	Slow, Limited Ink Reserve
0	sluggish, Limited Ink Reserve
1	small size, silver coloring, easy to use interface, excellent battery life and short charge times
1	small size, silver color, easy to expend interface, excellent battery life and short tear times
1	Great colors and definition.
1	peachy colors and definition.
0	Expensive, auto sensor sometimes not reliable
0	expensive, auto sensor sometimes not reliable
0	small buttons
0	small-scale buttons
1	Works very well and very easy to use.
1	Works very well and very easy to expend.
0	TONS of features...can be a bit daunting at times
0	lashings of features...can be a morsel daunting at times
0	Price! Way too much for just a printer.
0	Price! room too much for just a printer.
0	Be ready to carry floppys.
0	Be quick to carry floppys.
0	Battery life, no roaming
0	Battery lifespan, no roaming
0	Lens cap stinks. Outdoor shots are inconsistent. 
0	Lens pileus stinks. Outdoor shots are inconsistent. 
0	Low resolution; weird flash; no USB input; odd viewfinder; no photo previews.
0	humiliated firmness; weird flash; no USB input; odd viewfinder; no photo previews.
1	Fast, easy to install, good text and photo output
1	Fast, easy to install, estimable text and photo output
0	Lgi's reputation, customer support, battery life
0	Lgi's repute, customer support, battery life
0	Piece of trash!! Turns off sometimes, drop calls, doesn't ring
0	Piece of trash!! release off sometimes, drop calls, doesn't hoop
0	Rechargeable battery life is very short, small memory card, need to by the accessories
0	Rechargeable shelling life is very suddenly, small memory card, need to by the accessories
0	No USB connectivity
0	nobelium USB connectivity
1	Small, durable, many features
1	minor, durable, many features
1	Easy to use
1	well-heeled to use
0	Loud paper feed noise.  Quality paper must be used. 
0	Loud paper feed noise.  calibre paper must be used. 
1	Color display, many features, and quality sound
1	Color expose, many features, and quality sound
1	Pictures look good and it's easy to use.
1	Pictures look good and it's sluttish to use.
1	Separate ink tanks, USB or serial connectivity, good software to go with it.
1	severalize ink tankful, USB or serial connectivity, good software to go with it.
0	No Alpha Phone Book, Dropped Calls, Weak Battery/Signal/Volume. Poor Alerts/Menues/Manual/No Speakerphone
0	No Alpha Phone Book, omit Calls, light Battery/Signal/Volume. pitiable Alerts/Menues/Manual/No Speakerphone
1	The best on the market
1	The serious on the market
1	Price for the initial Printer, Print Quality.
1	Price for the initial Printer, Print character.
1	Endless battery life, nice feel, plenty of features and great resolution
1	Endless battery life, nice experience, slew of features and great resolution
0	Color ink cartridges are expensive
0	discolor ink cartridges are expensive
1	It was free.
1	It was barren.
0	none
0	none
0	Trying to write words on the keypad can sometimes be a really hard process.
0	stress to write lyric on the keypad can sometimes be a really hard process.
0	WARNING DO NOT BUY- broke down 1 month after warranty expired.
0	WARNING perform NOT BUY- broke down I month after warranty expired.
1	size & style
1	size & way
1	Copact, price, ease of use
1	Copact, price, ease of usance
0	Pricey.  (I found a bargain online).
0	Pricey.  (I regain a bargain online).
0	Ring volume/quality, inside display, desktop charger, blue keypad lights, small inner screen
0	skirt volume/quality, inside display, desktop charger, racy keypad lights, small inner screen
1	Easy to push and turns great.
1	well-off to push and turns great.
0	Costly
0	high-priced
0	A bit pricey, fax software is clunky.
0	A sting pricey, fax software is clunky.
1	Compact, plenty of functions, and it doesn't break the bank.
1	summary, plenty of functions, and it doesn't breakout the bank.
0	Poor flash
0	Poor tawdry
0	Tempermental with AC adapter, picky about lighting conditions
0	Tempermental with AC adapter, picky about lighting precondition
1	It's Fast and Quiet
1	It's Fast and tranquillise
1	This camera takes excellent pictures and it's very easy to transfer them to the computer.
1	This camera fill excellent figure and it's very gentle to transfer them to the computer.
0	Have to use heavy paper....
0	Have to use enceinte paper....
0	None that I could find.
0	None that I could receive.
1	Quality Photos; Ease of use; size of camera; 
1	select Photos; Ease of use; size of camera; 
1	Ease of Use Quality 
1	Ease of usage Quality 
0	only analog, flimsy antenna
0	only analog, thin antenna
0	Only f8 is available at 1/1000 sec
0	lonesome f8 is available at 1/1000 sec
0	Erratic menu operation, Warranty service
0	Erratic menu surgery, Warranty service
1	Excellent Colors, sharp pictures (look like film quality), easy to use.
1	Excellent Colors, sharp pictures (look like shoot quality), easy to utilise.
1	clear printing, about average print time
1	vindicated printing, about average print time
1	Inexpensive, compact flash compatible
1	Inexpensive, compact flashy compatible
1	easy to collapse, removable rain cover, stylish, lightweight
1	leisurely to collapse, removable rain cover, stylish, lightweight
1	Good Print Quality, Direct Access to photo cards (can use w/o computer)
1	dear Print Quality, take Access to photo cards (can use w/o computer)
0	Somewhat bulky when open, display, somewhat confusing navigation circle
0	Somewhat bulky when unfastened, display, somewhat confusing navigation circle
0	everything 
0	everything 
0	Price and size
0	damage and size
0	The battery sucks, might as well travel with quarters for the pay phone
0	The battery sucks, might as well travelling with billet for the pay phone
0	The case is bit tight at first but will stretch with use.
0	The pillowcase is bit besotted at first but will stretch with use.
1	seperate ink cartridges
1	seperate ink magazine
0	Slow Menus-Cheap Design-Errors With Earphone-Bad Reception
0	behind Menus-Cheap Design-Errors With Earphone-Bad Reception
1	High quality, the convenience of combining several peripherals, USB allows placement far from your PC.
1	High quality, the gismo of compounding several peripherals, USB appropriate placement far from your PC.
0	Slow Start-Up, zoom, and Autofocus times, battery charges in camera, off-set tripod mount&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Slow Start-Up, zoom, and Autofocus times, shelling level in camera, off-set tripod mount&ampere;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Silvery futuristic exterior
1	silvery futuristic exterior
0	slow shooting between flash shots; picky smartmedia card
0	slow shooting between brassy shots; picky smartmedia card
1	Cool looking
1	Cool depend
0	A bit heavy and cumbersome, flash is manual
0	A act heavy and cumbersome, flash is manual
0	still a little slow to print color, uses toner quickly
0	still a little slowly to print color, use toner quickly
1	Very good photo quality with premium papers.  Easy to use memory card reader/writer.  Excellent price
1	Very dependable photo quality with premium papers.  Easy to use storage posting reader/writer.  Excellent price
1	Solid all metal compact body; Quality Canon lens; Easy to use.
1	square all metal compact body; timbre Canon lens; Easy to use.
1	Easy to use compact flash, good quality supporting software, movie mode w/audio, ease of use
1	Easy to use compact flash, dependable quality supporting software, picture mode w/audio, ease of employment
0	No neck strap,only 8mb memory stick
0	No neck strap,only 8mb retention stick
1	WAP,Infra-Red,
1	WAP,Infra-Red,
1	External caller ID/Time, Color, Flip
1	External caller ID/Time, vividness, Flip
1	Great Clarity (when in service), Direct Connect, Great new improvement!
1	large Clarity (when in service), mastermind Connect, Great new improvement!
1	High quality photos. Seperate ink tanks. Fast output. Quick drying ink.
1	High quality photos. Seperate ink tanks. loyal yield. Quick drying ink.
1	great quality, allignment, money saving features, photo printing
1	bully quality, allignment, money saving features, photo printing
0	No faceplates, freezes up about one daily, top left light never stops blinking
0	No faceplates, freezes up about single daily, top left-hand light never stops blinking
1	Navi Key, interchageable faces, large screen
1	Navi Key, interchageable faces, tumid screen
1	Small and lightweight, and still durable.
1	Small and lightweight, and quieten durable.
0	Analog, Calendar size, call timer goes away when you press a number&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
0	Analog, Calendar size, call timer pass away when you urge a figure&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
0	price and ink prices
0	cost and ink prices
0	NO JAVA, NO INTERNET ACCESS, NO GAMES
0	NO JAVA, NO INTERNET ACCESS, nobelium GAMES
0	Too small for some.
0	Too minor for some.
0	viewfinder and LCD display a little too close to each other. 
0	viewfinder and LCD display a picayune too penny-pinching to each other. 
0	BUGGY SOFTWARE, battery life
0	BUGGY SOFTWARE, battery biography
0	The phone is very good, Verizon limited some potentialy great options.
0	The phone is very effective, Verizon limited some potentialy bang-up options.
1	Durability, good camera
1	Durability, right camera
0	below average battery life and a few others
0	below mean battery life and a few others
1	Lightweight and inexpensive
1	lightweight and inexpensive
1	USB, 3 megapixels, slot for 340mb drive
1	USB, 3 megapixels, slot for 340mb movement
1	Ease of operation
1	comfort of operation
0	Listening volume; vibrate on/off; Phone Book Search
0	Listening book; vibrate on/off; Phone Book Search
0	trouble with the ink cartridge
0	problem with the ink cartridge
1	looks
1	expect
1	high resale value
1	highschool resale value
1	Small form-factor
1	pocket-sized form-factor
1	easy to use, very sturdy
1	easy to usage, very sturdy
1	Cheap, Nice Quality
1	Cheap, dainty Quality
0	i dont have any     SORRY
0	i dont have any     dreary
0	Flimsy antenna.
0	tenuous antenna.
1	Compact, Great dpi, fast, easy to use
1	Compact, Great dpi, fast, easy to employment
0	Red-eye issues; more zoom would be nice.
0	Red-eye issues; more zoom would be prissy.
1	Print out quality, good value on the inks
1	Print out quality, soundly value on the inks
0	None so far
0	None so FAR
1	Durable and decent looking
1	Durable and decent await
0	speed, memory
0	hotfoot, memory
0	No phone handset
0	No sound handset
1	Easy to use and clear reception
1	Easy to use and acquit reception
0	Large  printer.
0	expectant  printer.
1	BEST cellular phone I've owned.  Takes a beating and continues to perform.
1	BEST cellular phone I've owned.  withdraw a outwit and continues to perform.
1	Small, and lightweight
1	modest, and lightweight
0	Poor battery performance
0	short battery performance
0	shutter lag, poor focusing, small media capacity
0	shutter lag, poor focalization, small media capacity
1	It's just so SIMPLE to use!!!
1	It's just so SIMPLE to usage!!!
0	None
0	none
1	Awesome LCD, speed demon, low barrel distortion
1	Awesome LCD, swiftness demon, low barrel distortion
1	inexpensive, and multiple benefits
1	cheap, and multiple benefits
0	Paper Output Tray
0	wallpaper Output Tray
0	small buttons
0	pocket-sized buttons
0	Could be considered expensive 
0	Could be weigh expensive 
0	A bit big and a bit heavy, power feedback is bad
0	A snatch self-aggrandising and a bit heavy, power feedback is bad
1	10x stabilized zoom lens, electronic viewfinder, excellent pictures
1	10x stabilized zoom lens, electronic viewfinder, excellent project
1	Great print Great price
1	smashing print Great price
1	Solid performance, excellent color, super support
1	Solid performance, excellent color, tops support
1	functional,easy to use
1	working,easy to use
0	"Insert SIM card" error, gets annoying. Battery doesn't last much in the long run.
0	"Insert SIM card" error, gets chafe. Battery doesn't last much in the long prevail.
0	Big, bulky, no frills
0	Big, bulky, no folderal
1	great fast color inkjet, network capabilities
1	great fast colour inkjet, network capabilities
1	Not a bad camera for the money, some features are nice.  Cute little phone.
1	Not a bad camera for the money, some characteristic are nice.  Cute little ring.
0	Button icons are a little non-standard, download to PC is slow without adapters, no save settings feature
0	clit icons are a footling non-standard, download to PC is slow without adapters, no save scene feature
1	reliable and rugged
1	reliable and broken
1	Excellent Sound Clarity, Powerful Antenna, Stylish
1	Excellent Sound limpidity, Powerful Antenna, Stylish
0	Comes with cr*ppy photo editor program,
0	ejaculate with cr*ppy photo editor program,
1	fast, price, user friendly, folds up nicely
1	libertine, price, user friendly, folds up nicely
1	Fast and outstanding for printing photos
1	riotous and outstanding for printing photos
0	can't have vibrate and ringer on at the same time
0	can't have oscillate and ringer on at the same sentence
1	durable, small, free
1	durable, small, absolve
0	very little, picks up Background noise a little but can be minimised. (See review)
0	very little, picks up Background noise a fiddling but can be minimised. (See followup)
1	Extremely easy to break down
1	Extremely easy to unwrap down
1	Small, Lightweight, Great Picture Quality
1	Small, Lightweight, cracking Picture Quality
1	Great Features, Small, Great Image Quality
1	Great Features, minuscule, Great Image Quality
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, lightweight, good quality photos for email and web.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, lightweight, ripe quality photograph for email and web.
1	Great picture taking, Excellent exposure controls, Amazing autoexposure
1	Great picture consume, Excellent exposure controls, Amazing autoexposure
1	ring tones, durability, size, price
1	band tones, durability, size, price
0	Eats battery life, somewhat fragile in battery door, not for quality photographs
0	Eats battery life, somewhat fragile in battery door, not for calibre photograph
1	Size, sturdiness, price
1	Size, sturdiness, toll
0	Goes through cartridges very quickly.
0	decease through cartridges very quickly.
1	Great idea: a Phone and PDA in one; no major problems
1	majuscule idea: a Phone and organiser in one; no major problems
1	Size, Performance, and Quality of print
1	Size, Performance, and choice of print
0	1) only 199 phone book entries 2)No built-in speakerphone? 3)VX6000 out there
0	1) only 199 headphone book entries 2)No built-in speakerphone? ternion)VX6000 out there
0	low storage on disk
0	lowly storage on disk
0	limited zoom, camera too small and slow
0	limited zoom, camera too small and tardily
1	Size, Battery Life, Battery compatible with Sony Camcorders, Picture quality and Manual Settings
1	Size, Battery living, Battery compatible with Sony Camcorders, envision quality and Manual Settings
0	None!!!!
0	none!!!!
1	size, weight, reception, functions, tetris & solitaire
1	size, weight, reception, functions, tetris & patience
0	Short battery life
0	Short battery sprightliness
1	point&amp;amp;shoot,delete if  you don't like
1	point&amp;amp;shoot,blue-pencil if  you don't like
1	looks
1	appear
0	Noisey, no swich to turn it off, Low speed
0	Noisey, no swich to plough it off, Low speed
1	Cheap
1	crummy
1	Print quality, automatic 2-sided printing, USB or parallel
1	Print quality, automatic 2-sided impress, USB or parallel
1	Great photos, lots of features, writes to mini CDs, great zoom.
1	Great photos, stack of features, writes to mini CDs, bang-up zoom.
1	light, maneuverable, durable
1	igniter, maneuverable, durable
1	Ultra small size, very light-weight. Good set of features for a small phone.
1	Ultra small size, very light-weight. unspoilt fructify of features for a small phone.
0	somewhat slow
0	somewhat decelerate
0	none
0	none
1	Sleek (duh), compact (bigger duh), crisp sound, helpful features, Verizon network
1	Sleek (duh), thickset (magnanimous duh), crisp sound, helpful features, Verizon network
1	Floppy Disk Film, Easy to Manage, Great Quality Pics, Large LCD Viewport
1	Floppy Disk Film, Easy to oversee, Great Quality film, Large LCD Viewport
0	Too large for some and too small for others, somewhat obsolescent due to newer phones
0	also gravid for some and too modest for others, somewhat obsolescent due to newer phones
1	great text printing, decent speed
1	great text printing, seemly speed
0	"Only" 2.1 megapixel, electronic viewfinder, not small
0	"Only" 2.1 megapixel, electronic viewfinder, not low
0	price, bought it because of rebate offer that never developed.
0	price, bought it because of rebate offer that ne'er modernise.
0	can't download ringtones yet but should be able to soon
0	can't download ringtones still but should be capable to soon
0	only comes with 8MB CF card, have to get a larger one
0	only come with 8MB CF scorecard, have to get a larger one
0	Smudging on page after not having printed for a while.
0	Smudging on pageboy after not having impress for a while.
0	SLOW SHUTTER, blurry pictures, no ability to capture moving shots.
0	SLOW SHUTTER, blurry pictures, no ability to capture propel nip.
0	a little slow with the &amp;quot;best&amp;quot; option
0	a piffling slow with the &amp;quot;unspoiled&amp;quot; option
1	Great reception; great design; easy menu
1	bully reception; great design; easy menu
1	Cheap; decent photos; decent software.
1	loud; decent photos; decent software.
0	Not comfortable for long conversations
0	Not well-off for long conversations
0	low battery life
0	scurvy battery life
0	lack of detail, poor customer service
0	miss of detail, poor customer service
1	Nice, Fast,
1	Nice, loyal,
1	Advantage of a digital camera, easy to use, floppy disk storage
1	Advantage of a digital camera, well-to-do to use, floppy disk storehouse
1	Relatively fast, superb text quality
1	Relatively profligate, superb text quality
0	not very cool-looking
0	not very cool-looking
1	price, ease of use , compact size
1	price, ease of expend , compact size
1	Appearance
1	show
1	cheap
1	brassy
0	Battery life, reception, AT&T Wireless
0	Battery spirit, reception, AT&T Wireless
1	It was free with my Gateway computer.
1	It was free with my Gateway estimator.
0	signals, clearity, and many others
0	point, clearity, and many others
0	Nothing that I can think of. 
0	zilch that I can think of. 
0	Takes a while to figure out how to use the fax 
0	choose a while to flesh out how to use the fax 
0	Control menus can be a minor problem, until you get used to them. 
0	Control menus can be a pocket-sized problem, until you arrive used to them. 
1	Space saving printer with crisp, clear quality
1	Space saving printer with crisp, sack quality
0	battery life
0	battery life-time
0	Menus a little slow at times.
0	Menus a little slow at clock.
0	Curling of Pages
0	kink of Pages
1	It was pretty good while it worked.
1	It was pretty dear while it worked.
0	battery changes were necessary, but AA batteries are easy to find almost, if not everywhere.  Only three battery changes for 250 photos, most taken with flash..
0	barrage modification were necessary, but AA batteries are easy to find almost, if not everywhere.  only triplet battery changes for 250 photos, most taken with gimcrack..
1	Fast, quiet and the ink actually lasts.
1	degraded, quiet and the ink actually lasts.
1	Light, Sexy
1	abstemious, Sexy
1	Cheap, easy to use, easy to set up
1	Cheap, easy to use, easy to prepare up
0	Fragile and expensive to replace parts
0	delicate and expensive to replace parts
1	Wait, I'll think of one ... just give me more time...
1	Wait, I'll suppose of one ... just establish me more time...
1	Simple for the novice, comfortable, sharp pictures, quick and durable!
1	Simple for the novice, comfortable, acutely scene, quick and durable!
0	A lot of dead air time
0	A lot of beat air time
0	Some might not like the unorthodox style. (try the 6610 instead).
0	roughly might not like the unorthodox style. (endeavor the 6610 instead).
1	Efficient, Reliable, Attractive
1	Efficient, authentic, Attractive
1	Lightweight, couple of games, alarm clock. Nice phone for the buck.
1	Lightweight, twain of gage, alarm clock. Nice phone for the buck.
0	None significant
0	None substantial
1	good plan and no roaming cost
1	good plan and no range cost
0	Battery Life Limited., Included Memory Limited. 
0	Battery liveliness Limited., Included Memory Limited. 
1	Very good initial print quality.Quick performance both send and receive fax.
1	Very respectable initial print calibre.Quick performance both send and receive fax.
0	battery life
0	battery lifetime
0	Lack of USB and SOUND...only a gripe for the uninitiated or totally anal
0	Lack of USB and effectual...only a gripe for the uninitiated or whole anal
1	lots of features, good reception & battery, good design
1	mint of features, good reception & battery, good design
0	WIFI buggy. Battery life is sub par. OS updates infrequently released. Camera flash weak.
0	WIFI kookie. Battery life is sub par. OS updates infrequently relinquish. Camera flash weak.
1	no problems
1	no trouble
1	compact...clarity...
1	wad...clarity...
0	none that I have found so far
0	none that I have encounter so far
1	Affordable, great results, pictures turn out almost perfect.
1	Affordable, great results, pictures turn out almost everlasting.
0	Hard to break down and somewhat heavy.
0	Hard to break down and moderately heavy.
0	No Bluetooth/IR
0	No Bluetooth/Ir
0	nothing
0	zilch
0	No optical zoom.
0	No ocular zoom.
0	Max 8.5" paper width, high price if you don't use all the features
0	Max octet.5" paper width, high price if you don't apply all the features
0	Battery life.
0	Battery biography.
0	Quality was grainy. Slow printing web pages. Mine stopped working after 4 months.
0	prize was grainy. ho-hum printing web pages. Mine stopped working after 4 months.
1	Elegant design, compact size, easy to use, custom settings, great lighting
1	Elegant design, compact size, easily to use, custom settings, cracking lighting
1	Floppy disc storage media, 14x zoom (With steady shot), manual aperture and speed control
1	Floppy saucer storage media, 14x zoom (With brace shot), manual aperture and speed control
0	None
0	none
1	prints well, quickly
1	prints well, rapidly
1	All the features I will ever need!
1	All the features ace will ever need!
1	Stunning quality, always ready to shoot, many adjustments, infrared focus
1	stun quality, always ready to shoot, many readjustment, infrared focus
1	Easy to use, Video and sound function, and Good picture quality 
1	Easy to employ, Video and sound function, and Good picture caliber 
0	The ring is not loud enough.
0	The ring is not tacky enough.
0	Short battery life. Sub-par signal strength. Not upgradable to 1xRTT network.
0	Short battery life. Sub-par point strength. Not upgradable to 1xRTT meshing.
0	Maintenance costs, collaboration
0	Maintenance price, collaboration
1	Loads and distributes Quickly
1	adulterate and distributes Quickly
1	Light weight = high speed!
1	Light slant = high speed!
1	light, compact, good features, usually strong signal and large calling radius.
1	low-cal, compact, unspoilt features, usually strong signal and large calling radius.
1	The Nokia 8210 phone's calendar function can remind you of upcoming meetings, birthdays,and so on.
1	The Nokia 8210 phone's calendar subroutine can remind you of upcoming suffer, birthday,and so on.
1	Very good photos, takes movie clips, rechargeable battery.
1	Very good photos, contract movie clips, rechargeable battery.
0	havent found a bad thing yet
0	havent discover a bad thing yet
1	Double side printing, quiet, fast
1	Double side printing, quiet, libertine
1	Size and digital quality
1	Size and digital tone
1	Amazing quality for a non-&amp;quot;Photo&amp;quot; printer
1	amazing character for a non-&amp;quot;Photo&amp;quot; printer
1	Looks cool, nice display (when it's working), fairly easy to use
1	Looks cool, nice display (when it's working), reasonably light to use
1	Very thin and lightweight. Very good reception. Clear hearing and large volume span.
1	Very slenderize and lightweight. Very good reception. Clear hearing and large volume brace.
0	No rechargeable battery came with it
0	No rechargeable battery occur with it
0	Ink cartridges are expensive, but they are for all such machines
0	Ink cartridge are expensive, but they are for all such car
1	It handles 11x17 paper, prints fast in black and white
1	It plow 11x17 paper, prints fast in blackness and white
1	Color LCD, background pictures, voice dialing & answering
1	Color LCD, background render, voice dialing & answering
1	Versatile, easy to maneuver, and easy to open and close.
1	Versatile, light to maneuver, and soft to open and close.
1	It's a cute little phone to fold up and carry around
1	It's a cute little phone to sheepfold up and gestate around
0	Some of the consumables are faulty.
0	roughly of the consumables are faulty.
1	Outside display, small, voice dialing, nice blue backlight, good menu
1	Outside display, diminished, voice dialing, Nice blue backlight, good menu
1	High Resolution and very easy to use
1	High Resolution and very comfortable to use
0	sound clarity, keyboard size
0	profound clarity, keyboard size
0	dark, blury digital image prints
0	drab, blury digital image prints
0	When connected to a network, you loose scanning ability.  Not recommended for high volume use.
0	When connected to a meshing, you liberate scanning ability.  Not recommended for high volume practice.
1	Great photo quality prints
1	nifty photo quality prints
0	Like most printers, in warmer air pages clump together when feeding in
0	Like most printers, in warmer send pages clunk together when feeding in
0	No focus light for pictures in low light. Only 30 sec of video
0	No focus short for project in low light. Only 30 sec of video
1	affordable, high quality pictures, holds a lot of pictures, USB port, pocket-sized, so it's easy to carry around.
1	affordable, high quality photo, clutches a lot of pictures, USB port, small, so it's easy to carry around.
0	According to my daughter "No games."
0	According to my daughter "nobelium games."
1	Instantaneous response
1	Instantaneous reception
1	Very easy to use, not too bulky.
1	Very sluttish to use, not too bulky.
0	Rare glitches
0	rarefied glitches
0	too big in size to fit into any pocket
0	too swelled in size to fit into any pocket
0	battery life, reception
0	battery life-time, reception
0	Be prepared to go through A LOT of batteries
0	Be prepared to fit through A LOT of batteries
0	Plastic body, no brightness control for LCD
0	Plastic body, no brightness master for LCD
0	Poor Picture Quality, claims 640x480 or 1.3 megapixel, 1.3 megapixel is fake. Has no flash
0	Poor project lineament, claims 640x480 or 1.3 megapixel, 1.3 megapixel is fake. Has no flashbulb
1	Nice Price, Gets The Job Done, Small size for such a large task
1	Nice Price, grow The Job fare, Small size for such a large task
0	I can't think of anything I don't like
0	I can't think of anything iodin don't like
0	Can't scan legal-size "from the glass," must use document feeder, eats color cartridges like popcorn.
0	Can't scan legal-size "from the spyglass," must function document feeder, eats colouration cartridges like popcorn.
0	nothing, yet!
0	nil, yet!
1	Size, Software, Convenience
1	Size, software, Convenience
0	Not as powerful as other SprintPCS phones
0	not as powerful as other SprintPCS phones
1	Price, features, availability, accessories easy to obtain
1	cost, features, availability, accessories easy to obtain
0	Basket is a little small
0	Basket is a fiddling small
0	none
0	none
1	Easy to set up out of box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
1	Easy to Seth up out of box, functionality plus,for the price. No block.
1	Great print quality, ease of setup, ease of use.
1	Great print quality, ease of setup, ease of employ.
0	Shutter lag, especially with flash. View finder.
0	Shutter meantime, especially with flash. View finder.
0	The "bezel" and little flap on the front does not stick.
0	The "bezel" and niggling flap on the front does not puzzle.
0	fingerprint smudges, okay camera, pricy with no plan
0	fingerprint smudges, sanction camera, pricy with no plan
1	Small, compact, easy to use, ohh and the white lights, they rock...
1	Small, compact, easy to role, ohh and the white lights, they tilt...
0	Holster, screen, battery, CAN'T DOWNLOAD PICS!!
0	Holster, screen, battery, CAN'T DOWNLOAD movie!!
0	No Zoom
0	No soar
1	Lots of helpful features. Super reception & easy to use.
1	Lots of helpful features. Super reception & leisurely to use.
1	Optical zoom lens allowing for better low light photography, great picture quality, ease of use
1	Optical zoom lens allowing for upright humbled light photography, great picture select, ease of use
1	Small and Lightweight, Great Clarity and Sound, Excellent backlight.
1	Small and Lightweight, Great Clarity and fathom, Excellent backlight.
0	A little on the noisy side.
0	A fiddling on the noisy side.
0	screen is hard to see w/o backlight, thick. Area codes needed.
0	screen is hard to construe w/o backlight, thick. Area codes needful.
1	Great features, good battery life, inexpensive.
1	bang-up features, good battery life, inexpensive.
0	battery life.
0	battery aliveness.
1	Small, Rugged, Good Image Quality, High " Cool " Factor
1	Small, Rugged, Good Image Quality, gamy " Cool " Factor
0	No color and cannot be used with the Macintosh. 
0	No color and cannot be put-upon with the Macintosh. 
0	Not super fast
0	Not super tight
1	Price, quality
1	Price, caliber
1	Low operating costs; low equipment cost
1	Low operating costs; low-toned equipment cost
0	The camera broke after six months.
0	The camera demote after six months.
1	Compact, lightweight
1	wad, lightweight
1	See 1- 5 above
1	visualize 1- 5 above
0	Mind-bendingly expensive, for the obsessed only.
0	Mind-bendingly expensive, for the possessed only.
0	Could be slightly faster
0	Could be slenderly faster
1	Sturdy, color screen, GPS enabled
1	Sturdy, color blind, GPS enabled
1	It works
1	It shape
0	somewhat heavy
0	somewhat sullen
1	Reliability,quality,reception,battery life and very user friendly.
1	Reliability,quality,reception,battery animation and very user friendly.
0	computer software, battery life
0	computer software, battery lifespan
0	Battery slightly sub par, thicker than GSM brother, Verizon's is crippled
0	Battery slightly sub par, thick than GSM brother, Verizon's is cripple
0	Needs a larger display & more ear volume.
0	pauperism a larger display & more ear volume.
0	Yikes is it noisy!
0	Yikes is it noisy!
0	Very slow speed for landscape oriented documents.
0	Very slow speed for landscape orientated documents.
0	Poor resolution
0	pathetic resolution
1	Good for taking walks
1	Good for pack walks
1	light weight
1	low-cal weight
0	Ugly interface for the radio and MP3&#13;&#10;Really uncomfortable MP3 loading software&#13;&#10;Flimsy headphones
0	Ugly interface for the radio and MP3&#XIII;&#10;Really uncomfortable MP3 charge software&#13;&#10;Flimsy headphone
0	Software instability.
0	Software unbalance.
0	Picture and video quality, Bluetooth crippled by Verizon.
0	Picture and video quality, Bluetooth stultify by Verizon.
1	Easy to use,light,big storage basket
1	Easy to use,scant,big storage basket
0	Has flaws which are made worse by bad service policy.
0	deliver flaws which are take worse by bad service policy.
0	Might be too small
0	Might be too belittled
0	obstinate paper feed, slow 
0	obstinate paper feed, ho-hum 
0	Larger than average size
0	bigger than average size
0	Unreliable
0	treacherous
1	cheap, good speed, suffices everyday needs
1	cheap, good speed, suffices everyday motive
1	Nice size, good battery life, nice features.
1	Nice size, good battery life, prissy features.
0	Short battery life. Calls get cut all the time. Annoying beeps.
0	Short bombardment life. Calls get rationalise all the time. Annoying beeps.
0	BAD BAD BAD (did I mention bad?) reception
0	BAD BAD BAD (did single mention bad?) reception
1	Very sturdy, colorful and nice ringtones, modestly priced and good battery life
1	rattling sturdy, colorful and nice ringtones, modestly priced and good battery biography
0	pixelation in pictures
0	pixelation in fancy
0	Lack of shoulder strap, automatic retraction of lens after 8 minutes of inactivity, slow response for moderate action sequences such as weddings, etc. 
0	Lack of berm strap, robotlike retraction of lens after 8 bit of inactivity, slow response for moderate activity sequences such as weddings, etc. 
0	None that I have found!
0	None that I have establish!
0	Higher purchase price
0	mellow purchase price
1	Easy to hold, beautiful pictures, simple setup and documentation, durable
1	Easy to prevail, beautiful pictures, simple setup and documentation, perdurable
1	Outstanding image quality, ease of use in auto mode, extensive selectivity in manual mode, uncompressed TIFF mode, three useful compressed JPEG modes, wide shutter speed range, rapid recovery allows multiple shots in a short period of time, good ergonomics
1	Outstanding image quality, ease of usage in auto mode, extensive selectivity in manual mode, uncompressed TIFF fashion, three useful compressed JPEG mood, wide shutter hurrying array, rapid recovery allows multiple shots in a forgetful period of time, effective ergonomics
0	Sprint network needs to add additional digital coverage.
0	Sprint network involve to add additional digital coverage.
1	4096 Colors, Triband, GPRS, MMS, SMS
1	4096 emblazon, Triband, GPRS, MMS, SMS
1	If you want a stroller for an active lifestyle this is the one and only
1	If you neediness a pushchair for an active lifestyle this is the matchless and only
0	Unreliable, slow printing
0	treacherous, slow printing
0	Terrible hands free - design model flaw
0	dire hands free - design model flaw
0	trouble feeding paper
0	trouble prey paper
0	Color print quality
0	semblance print quality
0	ink monitoring software not as accurate as it could be
0	ink supervise package not as accurate as it could be
1	Great Print Quality
1	swell Print Quality
1	Excellent Print quality, low cost, great inking system, sturdy, well built, looks great.
1	Excellent mark quality, low cost, great inking system, sturdy, well built, tone great.
0	 no usb, supplied smartmedia 8mb not enough, takes a while to open/ get ready
0	 no usb, supplied smartmedia 8mb not enough, takes a while to unfold/ get set
0	Shutter delay, battery life
0	Shutter postponement, battery life
0	Horrible contruction, Horrible battery life
0	horrifying contruction, Horrible battery life
1	Easy to transport, easy to use. Nice color.
1	Easy to transport, comfortable to use. Nice color.
1	Rich and vibrant colours. Cheap.
1	Rich and vibrant colours. gimcrack.
1	Inexpensive, good volume
1	Inexpensive, estimable volume
1	Easy Set Up for Light Printing Users
1	Easy Set Up for Light publish Users
0	Can't afford one for home!
0	Can't afford single for home!
0	short battery life, questionable reception
0	short-circuit battery life, questionable reception
1	Feature-rich, solidly built, great picture quality.
1	Feature-rich, solidly built, great photograph quality.
0	Unreliable quality. Poor battery life. Flimsy construction. 
0	Unreliable quality. short battery life. Flimsy construction. 
1	Uses AA batteries! Feels great in your hands. Good pictures.
1	Uses AA batteries! feel great in your hands. respectable pictures.
1	Many features.
1	Many boast.
0	Could use more zoom, eats batteries like crazy
0	Could use more zoom, eats batteries like weirdo
0	Bad reception, short battery life
0	unsound reception, short battery life
0	low ink reserves
0	blue ink reserves
0	It receives far too much flak from people
0	It receives far too much attack from people
0	Battery life is short when using flash constantly.
0	Battery life is short when using dart constantly.
0	It's a little heavy...weight and price.
0	It's a little dense...weight and price.
1	Easy to use, Good price
1	Easy to expend, Good price
1	Small Form Factor, Metal Case, 2" Screen, Pentax Lens
1	Small Form Factor, Metal Case, 2" riddle, Pentax Lens
1	Good pictures,considering the size and resoloution
1	Good pictures,deal the size and resoloution
1	Great picture quality and light weight.
1	Great picture quality and unaccented weight.
0	black and white screen
0	shameful and white screen
0	LCD Scratches Easily, sub-standard picture quality, battery life
0	LCD Scratches Easily, sub-standard see quality, battery life
0	Black ink cartridge is too small.  Paper size limitations
0	Negroid ink cartridge is too small.  Paper size limitations
0	Awkward Charger, Not the best reception but good.
0	Awkward Charger, Not the intimately reception but good.
0	Too many problems to recommend using
0	Too many trouble to recommend using
0	The extra "dock" costs you $70, but you don't really need it
0	The surplus "dock" costs you $70, but you don't really ask it
0	Really bad directions
0	Really big directions
1	small, 4 megapixels is great! lots of different features... great quality pictures. pretty durable. 
1	small, quadruplet megapixels is great! lots of different features... corking quality pictures. pretty durable. 
0	Camera is sufficient.
0	camera is sufficient.
1	picture quality (if you read my review)
1	word-painting quality (if you read my review)
0	No zoom
0	No surge
0	Almost too fast.  Occasionally feeds paper wrong.
0	Almost too fast.  Occasionally feeds paper incorrect.
1	Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
1	Easy to read display, wads of interesting features,
1	Great picture quality, powerful enough to be fully automatic or to allow you complete control.
1	cracking depiction quality, powerful enough to be fully automatic or to allow you discharge control.
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	simply included charger, Vibrate is weak,
1	Very stylish, great features & is the ideal fashion accessory!
1	Very stylish, great lineament & is the ideal fashion accessory!
1	made by HP,4-in-1
1	ca-ca by HP,4-in-1
0	Understating the User Guide
0	Understating the User take
0	None
0	none
1	Easy to use, lightweight, portable, output to PC &amp; TV, more options
1	slowly to use, lightweight, portable, outturn to PC &amp; TV, more options
1	Easy to use, great pictures
1	sluttish to use, great pictures
0	Larger than my last
0	Larger than my live
0	Bigger than S200, weak flash, short battery life, other minor quibbles.
0	Bigger than S200, weakly flash, short battery liveliness, other minor quibbles.
0	Batteries run out really quickly,
0	barrage run out really quickly,
1	Screen and font size, and features.
1	Screen and font size, and sport.
0	None really.
0	None rattling.
0	dirt cheap
0	dirt loud
1	Great battery life
1	nifty battery life
1	light-weight, good information storage, strong after-market, good styling and size
1	light-weight, skilful information storage, strong after-market, unspoiled styling and size
1	Very user friendly for a first time dig-cam user.
1	Very user friendly for a start time dig-cam user.
0	Proprietary Memory (if you use your memory sticks with anything else)
0	Proprietary Memory (if you expend your memory gravel with anything else)
0	Have yet to find one.
0	bear yet to find one.
0	No filter thread, focusing inaccurate, slow startup, optical viewfinder
0	No filter thread, focusing inaccurate, tiresome startup, optical viewfinder
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
0	small bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that zip else
1	Good quality and speed for everyday jobs.
1	salutary quality and speed for everyday jobs.
0	Low Resolution
0	down Resolution
0	The DX4330 does not adequately capture text for OCR applications.
0	The DX4330 does not adequately get text for OCR diligence.
1	Compact, Solid, Great photo Quality, Ease of use
1	Compact, Solid, bang-up photo Quality, Ease of use
0	Chronic battery issues with this model
0	Chronic battery matter with this model
0	None...Camera would be perfect if a tad less bulky...
0	none...Camera would be sodding if a tad less bulky...
1	Great pictures and easy to operate
1	nifty pictures and easy to operate
1	Wow, look at those shots!  I must be a pro!
1	Wow, look at those stab!  iodine must be a pro!
0	battery life, no address book synching
0	battery life, no address reserve synching
0	eats batteries quickly
0	eats batteries rapidly
1	Sadly, the most useful thing about this phone is the Tools functionality (Timer, Stopwatch, etc).
1	Sadly, the most utile thing about this phone is the peter functionality (timer, Stopwatch, etc).
1	Color screen, numerical clarity, size
1	Color concealment, numerical clarity, size
1	Small, light, well made, attractive styling.
1	Small, light, well prepare, attractive styling.
1	It comes in a variety of colors
1	It total in a variety of colors
0	Moderate battery life, lack of color choices, lack of ringers/screen savers
0	contain battery biography, lack of color choices, lack of ringers/screen savers
0	Bit pricey, only 2x optical zoom, only 2 mega pixal
0	flake pricey, only 2x optical zoom, only two mega pixal
1	quality, capacity, versatability
1	prime, capacity, versatability
1	size, size and size, simplicity, durability, clarity.
1	size, size and size, simplicity, durability, lucidity.
1	Small, great features, easy to use, ringtone composer
1	Small, corking features, easy to use, ringtone composer
1	picture quality, manual controls, amazing macro mode
1	picture quality, manual controls, awe-inspiring macro mode
0	poor ink cartridge quality
0	short ink cartridge quality
0	lousy service in the Detroit area
0	lousy service in the Detroit sphere
0	Bulky, Heavy, Battery Eater
0	Bulky, heavily, Battery Eater
1	Excellent Print Quality: Low cost cartridges; Reliable
1	Excellent Print Quality: low-toned cost cartridges; Reliable
1	It's a cheap alternative to a printer of quality
1	It's a trashy alternative to a printer of quality
1	Battery Life, Great Phone Reception, Easy to Use
1	Battery Life, Great Phone Reception, well-to-do to Use
1	Quality, Features
1	Quality, sport
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	Great features, nice spirit, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	good menu, nice display, attractive
1	salutary menu, nice display, attractive
0	Is the worst phone EVER
0	Is the big phone EVER
1	fast &amp;amp; Excellent Print Quality
1	fast &amp;amp; Excellent Print caliber
0	no face plates yet (except generic that don't fit. can't get the web
0	no face plates yet (demur generic that don't fit. can't get the vane
1	Long battery life.
1	long battery life.
1	Slim, durable, good sound quality, decent battery life for such a small unit
1	Slim, undestroyable, good sound quality, decent battery lifespan for such a small unit
0	A little pricey. Not a true 3 megapixel camera.
0	axerophthol little pricey. Not a true 3 megapixel camera.
1	versatility of camera features, including manual focus, storage media, quality of images
1	versatility of camera features, admit manual focus, storage media, timbre of images
0	Cant think of any.
0	bank think of any.
0	Expensive, large, only 6 shot buffer, no IEEE-1394, changes lens focal length to 1.5X
0	Expensive, large, only 6 take buffer, no IEEE-1394, exchange Lens focal length to 1.5X
1	Compact size, zoom, and great pictures
1	Compact size, zoom, and large pictures
0	uses batteries very quick
0	exercise batteries very quick
1	solid build, elegant design, sharp pictures, very portable
1	solid shape, elegant design, sharp pictures, very portable
1	design, options
1	figure, options
0	Poor picture quality and size
0	miserable picture quality and size
1	Many good features
1	Many honorable features
0	Slow print starts.
0	Slow print commence.
0	voluminous, Microsoft dependency and outdated: lack of bluetooth, lack of GPRS, no MMS support
0	voluminous, Microsoft dependency and outdated: lack of bluetooth, want of GPRS, no MMS subscribe
0	Rapid fading on certain papers if left unprotected.  Difficulties with paper loading.
0	Rapid fading on certain newspaper if impart unprotected.  Difficulties with paper loading.
0	Low resolution for price.
0	scurvy resolution for price.
1	Fold out keyboard, good display
1	plica out keyboard, good display
1	When it works, it makes for a fine laser printer.
1	When it works, it score for a OK laser printer.
0	No USB cable, Easy-PhotoPrint Software lacking in options
0	No USB cable, Easy-PhotoPrint Software lacking in option
1	Durable, tough, easy to use
1	Durable, punk, easy to use
1	very fashionable design(it looks expensive!)
1	very fashionable design(it tone expensive!)
0	Slower than average speed, paper jams
0	slower than average speed, paper jams
1	Nice colors, safe car seat
1	Nice colors, rubber car seat
0	Horrendous legal sized copying
0	horrific legal sized copying
1	Multi-functional, easy to operate
1	Multi-functional, loose to operate
1	Compact, Relatively Inexpensive Cartridges, Fairly Fast, User Friendly Drivers and Software
1	Compact, Relatively Inexpensive cartridge, reasonably Fast, User Friendly Drivers and Software
1	Prints at the push of a button!
1	Prints at the agitate of a button!
0	rubber buttons sometimes stick
0	rubber buttons sometimes mystify
0	price
0	toll
1	Easy to use, high quality printing
1	Easy to employ, high quality printing
1	Reception, clarity, easy to set up and use
1	Reception, clarity, easy to located up and use
1	excellent print quality, low noise, auto maintenance
1	excellent impress quality, low noise, auto maintenance
1	Floppy Disk, Ease of Use
1	Floppy Disk, Ease of habituate
1	Small, great zoom for a tiny digital. Clarity is amazing.
1	humble, corking zoom for a tiny digital. Clarity is amazing.
1	Very good quality
1	Very good prize
0	Battery life, length of time it takes to write the image to the CF card
0	Battery life, length of time it convey to compose the epitome to the CF card
1	Suprisingly quick; borderless printing
1	Suprisingly fast; borderless printing
1	Resonably priced, great quality, decent speed...
1	Resonably priced, great quality, nice speed...
0	Menus are not laid-out like most US market phones and can be confusing.
0	carte are not laid-out like most US market phones and can be jumble.
0	None
0	none
1	Ease of use, Excellent Pictures
1	Ease of use, Excellent depict
0	battery time
0	barrage time
0	Speakerphone after call, too expensive, to many bad ones with software problems.
0	speakerphone after call, too expensive, to many forged ones with software problems.
0	A little wide.
0	ampere little wide.
1	Small, lightweight
1	little, lightweight
0	Tiny wheels, narrow seats, expensive.
0	Tiny wheels, specialize seats, expensive.
1	Easy to use, Fun
1	Easy to role, Fun
1	Extremely compact, feature packed, intuitive design, tough as nails&#9;
1	Extremely compact, characteristic packed, intuitive design, tough as boom&#9;
1	Clear edge to edge printing.  Ink doesn't smear with hi-lighter.
1	authorize edge to bound printing.  Ink doesn't smear with hi-lighter.
1	quad band, good call performance, bluetooth, clam, motorola navigation philosophy
1	quad band, dear shout performance, bluetooth, clam, motorola navigation philosophy
1	Excellent image quality. Extremely simple operation. Good flash. JPEG image files. Mac &amp; PC friendly.
1	Excellent see quality. Extremely simple performance. well flash. JPEG image files. Mac &amp; PC friendly.
1	Can be picked up cheap. High  quality to last you a couple more years. 
1	toilet be picked up cheap. High  quality to last you a couple more geezerhood. 
1	Outstanding pictures/text
1	Outstanding characterization/text
0	Key position, sluggish key input, Terrible speaker phone, Very short battery life. ECT...
0	Key position, sluggish winder input, Terrible speaker phone, Very short battery life-time. ECT...
1	Color, sound, batterly life, and clarity
1	Color, phone, batterly life, and clarity
0	Backlight is ok for phone functions, but useless for Palm apps.
0	Backlight is ok for phone officiate, but useless for ribbon apps.
1	Price
1	damage
1	3 games, call log, phone book, email, clock, 30 different ring tones
1	3 gage, call log, phone script, email, clock, 30 different ring tones
1	Slim, Colorful Covers, Li-Ion Battery, Clear Reception
1	Slim, Colorful masking, Li-Ion Battery, Clear Reception
0	old menus and os. no memory, no ir, no mp3/fm, bad camera
0	old menus and o. no memory, no ir, no mp3/fermium, bad camera
0	Spites out extra sheet every now and then, cartridges around 30 beans.
0	Spites out superfluous sheet every now and then, cartridges around 30 bonce.
1	Cost effective
1	cost effective
1	Size, faceplates, accessories, games, rings, versatility... etc.
1	Size, faceplates, accessories, punt, rings, versatility... etc.
0	high cost of ink, slower than advertised.
0	eminent cost of ink, slower than advertised.
1	Cheap
1	crummy
1	Excellent pictures and functionality, built tough
1	Excellent ikon and functionality, built tough
0	Nothing that matters! Audio quality not great, but that's likely true for most digicams.
0	nil that matters! Audio choice not great, but that's likely true for most digicams.
0	I can't really think of anything wrong
0	one can't really think of anything wrong
1	Sometimes it puts out really pretty pictures
1	Sometimes it puts out really pretty figure
1	Good reception, large bright screen, good backlight, sturdy feel, modern look
1	Good reception, large hopeful screen, good backlight, sturdy smell, modern look
0	Expensive black ink cartridge malfunction.  Color is disappointing.
0	Expensive melanize ink cartridge malfunction.  Color is disappointing.
0	Can't print a 16x20 (hint to Epson)
0	Can't print a 16x20 (breath to Epson)
0	Call quality very poor. SLOW! Camera is a pain. Low memory, shuts down.
0	predict quality very poor. easy! Camera is a pain. Low memory, shuts down.
0	Shutter release delay can be frustrating.
0	Shutter freeing delay can be frustrating.
0	Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
0	Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery lifetime.
1	Supreme picture quality
1	Supreme depict quality
1	Decent resolution, good quality, ease of use
1	Decent resolution, good quality, alleviate of use
0	close ups are bad, drain on the batteries
0	close ups are spoilt, drain on the batteries
1	Price and accessories
1	Price and add-on
0	small screen for mobile web
0	small-scale screen for mobile web
1	great camera, great price,  great features
1	nifty camera, great price,  great features
1	Great for posed pictures,, Good quality pictures., Quick review time of pictures
1	Great for posed show,, Good prize pictures., Quick review time of pictures
1	Sharp pictures, easy to read display, easy to operate
1	needlelike pictures, easy to read display, easy to operate
1	Amazing quality, USB interface, large memory card included
1	Amazing caliber, USB interface, large memory card included
0	Not the best image quality
0	Not the skillful image quality
0	Design a little chunky, even though it isnt wide, its pretty thick.
0	design a little chunky, even though it isnt wide, its pretty thick-skulled.
1	Compact Size, no external antenna, blt-in vibration
1	compress Size, no external antenna, blt-in vibration
0	no battery life;bad signal
0	no battery lifetime;bad signal
0	Expensive.
0	expensive.
1	Fast, high quality, reliable
1	Fast, heights quality, reliable
0	Battery life,phone shuts off at random, drops calls consistently, customer service is terrible!
0	Battery life,phone shuts off at random, dribble calls consistently, customer servicing is terrible!
0	none
0	none
0	Dropped calls, poor battery life, user unfriendly.
0	Dropped calls, poor battery biography, user unfriendly.
0	Optional Case is junk. Lens cover sometimes pops out of alignment.
0	Optional encase is junk. Lens overcompensate sometimes pops out of alignment.
0	Focusing problems in certain situations
0	sharpen problems in certain situations
1	Small, Light, Attractive, Loaded with Features, Incredible Backlight
1	Small, Light, Attractive, fuddled with Features, Incredible Backlight
1	ultra compact size, full features, bright display, easy to use menus, mp3 player
1	ultra stocky size, full features, bright display, easy to consumption menus, mp3 player
1	size, sound quality, weight.
1	size, vocalise quality, weight.
1	Battery, big screen, navagation wheel,
1	Battery, heavy screen, navagation wheel,
0	seat positions
0	rump positions
1	good look great photos good reception
1	ripe look great photos good reception
0	Battery not flush
0	Battery not heyday
1	very comfortable, easy to fold up, a dream to push, fully reclines, stylish!
1	very comfortable, easy to bend up, a dream to thrust, fully reclines, stylish!
1	Great Pictures for the Cost.
1	Great Pictures for the price.
1	BIG storage, easy fold up
1	BIG storage, well-off fold up
1	Snazzy looks and "light show" Fairly simple, great for people who are not technologically sound.
1	Snazzy looks and "lightheaded testify" Fairly simple, corking for people who are not technologically sound.
1	Great print quality and quite too
1	slap-up print quality and quite too
1	Clear and quality pictures, day or night, view screen.
1	exonerated and quality pictures, day or night, view screen.
0	Poor Color print quality, very noisy, poor customer support
0	Poor Color print quality, very noisy, poor customer living
0	none
0	none
0	No optical zoom, no macro, poor battery life, camera's flash broke after a month, glitchy.
0	No optical zoom, no macro, poor battery animation, camera's twinkling break-dance after a month, glitchy.
0	no print preview built into the driver/print quality greatly deteriorates over time
0	no print preview built into the driver/print caliber greatly deteriorates over meter
0	screen gets dusty and u cant clean some things unclear in manual
0	screen acquire dusty and u argot clean some things unclear in manual
0	Lines, errors, sometimes refuses to print
0	pipeline, errors, sometimes refuses to print
0	None yet...
0	None even...
1	good pictures
1	near pictures
1	Big bright screen, solid construction, easy buttons, intuitive operation
1	braggart bright screen, solid construction, easy buttons, intuitive operation
0	Main screen is hard to read, no blank wallpaper
0	Main sieve is hard to read, no blank wallpaper
0	no bluetooth, no camera and short battery life
0	no bluetooth, no camera and short bombardment life
0	New model, no deals on price yet
0	New model, no softwood on price yet
0	8&amp;quot; macro focusing distance
0	8&amp;quot; macro focalisation distance
0	Video is too small and not the same quality as the still shots.
0	television is too small and not the same quality as the soundless shots.
1	Lightweight, comfortable to run behind, sturdy, easy to clean
1	Lightweight, comfortable to run behind, sturdy, easy to cleanse
0	analog technology only, length of life
0	analog technology only, length of liveliness
0	No case included, battery life 
0	No case included, shelling life 
0	Annena breaks easy but not needed. Large compare to new flip phones.
0	Annena breaks easy but not need. Large compare to new flip call.
0	ink cartridges overpriced
0	ink pickup overpriced
0	Sucks batteries dry like there's no tomorrow. I recommend rechargeables.
0	absorb batteries dry like there's no tomorrow. i recommend rechargeables.
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, seed in 6 color, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	Price, functionality, camera.
1	damage, functionality, camera.
0	You can't down load ringers or graphics
0	You can't down shipment ringers or graphics
0	Limited battery time
0	define battery time
1	Zoom, Zoom, Zoom
1	whizz, Zoom, Zoom
1	Very nice looking phone.
1	very nice looking phone.
1	Small, cool looking, and good color
1	Small, cool looking, and honest color
0	Only 2 megapixels
0	entirely 2 megapixels
0	Very poor reception, drops calls all the time!
0	Very poor reception, dangle calls all the time!
0	No video out, smallish vid screen
0	No video out, smallish vid concealment
1	many capabilities
1	many capability
1	Looks pretty good...
1	Looks pretty practiced...
1	Clear, Easy to Use, Many Settings
1	assoil, Easy to Use, Many Settings
1	great size, easy-to-use, long battery life
1	great size, easy-to-use, farseeing battery life
1	lightweight, bright LCD, many features, excellent clarity
1	lightweight, shining LCD, many features, excellent clarity
1	Excellent print quality especially for the price.
1	Excellent print quality specially for the price.
1	looks sharp, has a pretty blue color
1	looks sharp, has a pretty aristocratical color
0	Battery life, square design, lack of standard ringers and backgrounds, reception.
0	battery life, substantial design, lack of standard ringers and backgrounds, reception.
0	Squeaks.  Hard to take apart to clean!  
0	Squeaks.  Hard to train apart to clean!  
1	Picture quality, portability
1	render quality, portability
0	ink cartridges run out rather quickly, not as fast as commercial printers
0	ink cartridges rivulet out rather speedily, not as fast as commercial printers
0	not reliable, batteries go fast, no AC adapter included
0	not reliable, batteries go fast, no Ac adapter included
0	If you don't have battery recharger, you're not going to be happy
0	If you don't have battery recharger, you're not rifle to be glad
1	Ease of use, cheap price, availability
1	Ease of employment, cheap price, availability
0	Wish it was 3.3 megapixels , some noise in low light situations.
0	Wish it was 3.3 megapixels , some noise in low luminousness billet.
1	Small, elegant, changeable look, dirt cheap, and excellent reception
1	Small, elegant, changeable look, dirt brassy, and excellent reception
1	Compact size, lots of features, sleek design
1	Compact size, lots of features, silklike design
1	High Quality at a Reasonable Price
1	High Quality at a fair Price
0	Basket is flimsy, price, envious looks from others might give you a guilt complex.
0	Basket is unconvincing, price, envious looks from others might hand you a guilt complex.
0	The only con would be is, if Nokia stops manufacturing this phone.
0	The only flimflam would be is, if Nokia stops manufacturing this headphone.
0	no TIFF format, LCD is small
0	no squabble format, LCD is small
0	Not economical on ink, far from true screen color.
0	Not stinting on ink, far from true screen color.
1	Superior Quality,Razor-like sharpness, SPEED BABY !!!!!
1	Superior Quality,Razor-like keenness, SPEED BABY !!!!!
0	Very loud printing; small black cartridge
0	Very loud printing; small dim cartridge
1	Great pics, portable. mpeg, swivel lens
1	Great photo, portable. mpeg, swivel lens
0	Tray hits ground when folding, soft squeak in wheels after some use.
0	Tray hits ground when folding, soft screak in wheels after some employment.
0	Priner cartridges are expensive
0	Priner magazine are expensive
1	Price, Quality, Design, Easy to Use
1	Price, Quality, aim, Easy to Use
1	Cost. Multifunction. Light. Easy to use.
1	Cost. Multifunction. Light. well-to-do to use.
0	low build/design quality
0	down build/design quality
0	Hard on batteries
0	backbreaking on batteries
1	Price/Performance
1	price/Performance
1	small light weight
1	small scant weight
0	This is a first class camera that should meet most needs
0	This is a beginning class camera that should play most needs
1	Affordable, neat design, space saver, relatively faster.
1	low-cost, neat design, space saver, relatively faster.
1	well made, light, smooth, stylish, one of so few strollers to hold any resale value
1	well made, brightness, fluent, stylish, single of so few strollers to hold any resale value
0	none
0	none
0	None
0	none
0	Floppy Disk Adapter is not included in all packages
0	Floppy Disk adaptor is not included in all packages
1	small-but bigger than 8260,&#13;&#10;good button feedback,&#13;&#10;easy to read screen, great sound
1	small-but bigger than 8260,&#13;&#10;full button feedback,&#13;&#10;easy to read blind, great levelheaded
1	User Friendly, Great Price, Quality Output
1	User Friendly, Great Price, caliber Output
0	Straps for the carseat are a bit short, had to order extensions
0	whip for the carseat are a prick short, had to order extensions
1	Easy to use and extremely affordable.
1	Easy to utilization and extremely affordable.
0	none
0	none
1	Free, looks cool, alot of features
1	Free, tone cool, alot of features
1	Compact and very durable.  Quality of pictures are pretty good.  Nice screen to view pictures.
1	squeeze and very durable.  lineament of pictures are pretty undecomposed.  Nice screen to view pictures.
0	No alarm clock.
0	No appall clock.
1	Great pictures , lots of options, 10x optical zoom!
1	slap-up pictures , lots of options, 10x optical zoom!
0	none, really
0	none, rattling
1	Great options, excellent battery life, IBM microdrive compatible.
1	Great pick, excellent battery life, IBM microdrive compatible.
0	"Old fashioned" as some would say since it doesn't have games, downloadable ringtones, etc.
0	"Old forge" as some would say since it doesn't have game, downloadable ringtones, etc.
0	Expensive for the additional accessories.
0	Expensive for the extra accessories.
1	Great speed, quality, PRICE, and durability. HP has thought of every aspect of photo printing and put it into this printer that can even stand alone w/o a PC attachment!
1	big speed, quality, PRICE, and durability. HP has opine of every scene of photo print and put it into this printer that can tied bear alone w/o a PC attachment!
0	red eye issues, minor image softness, rechargeable batteries and charger not included
0	bolshy eye issues, minor figure softness, rechargeable batteries and charger not included
1	Excellent Photo Quality, Low Cost
1	Excellent Photo Quality, humble Cost
0	Battery Life, Durability, Focus Range, No AC Adapter
0	Battery Life, Durability, Focus Range, No actinium Adapter
0	NONE Know 
0	NONE cognise 
1	Nice screen, camera, all those other functions.
1	Nice screen, camera, all those other routine.
1	Fantastic pictures, easy to use, small, holds many pics
1	Fantastic pictures, easy to use, small, detainment many pics
0	8 MB Storage card supplied with camera is woefully inadequate
0	8 MB Storage poster supply with camera is woefully inadequate
1	little camera, big power
1	little camera, heavy power
0	Less features than competition, Up-close image quality concerns, Different aspect ratios in support resolutions 
0	Less features than competition, Up-close image quality concerns, Different aspect ratios in stand firmness 
1	extremely rugged, good contact functionality, messaging
1	extremely rugged, good adjoin functionality, messaging
0	Battery life could be better, costs a little more than others
0	Battery life could be near, costs a piffling more than others
1	Has mortgage calculator built in, unlimited free incoming calls.
1	Has mortgage calculator built in, unlimited release incoming calls.
0	None
0	none
1	Great picture quality for the price.
1	Great word-painting quality for the price.
1	easy cheap quick and a lot of fun 
1	light cheap quick and a lot of fun 
1	Relatively inexpensive, good battery life, lightweight, looks good, has a radio.
1	Relatively inexpensive, commodity battery life, lightweight, looks serious, has a radio.
0	Needlessly difficult to attach to chargers. Headset jack protective flap difficult to open.
0	Needlessly difficult to attach to chargers. Headset diddly-squat protective flap difficult to undetermined.
0	I haven't found anything except the lens item mentioned above
0	iodin haven't constitute anything except the lens item mentioned above
0	None that I know of!
0	None that ace know of!
0	Only 9 rings, the casing is easily scratched
0	Only 9 rings, the casing is easily itch
1	Outstanding features and photos
1	owing features and photos
1	Great design, safe, durable, and comfortable
1	great design, safe, durable, and comfortable
0	comes with 16mb memory stick
0	comes with 16mb memory cohere
0	No color printing available.
0	No color impression available.
1	Fairly inexpensive digital camera that takes tolerable, if not terribly good, photographs
1	pretty inexpensive digital camera that drive tolerable, if not terribly good, photographs
1	Great ride, reversible handle, good storage space, front and rear wheels lock, etc.
1	Great mount, reversible handle, good storage space, front and tail wheels lock, etc.
1	Computer does not have to be on to make copies, exceptional color copy quality 
1	Computer does not have to be on to stool copies, exceptional gloss copy quality 
1	Looks cool, has some neat games
1	Looks cool, has some peachy games
0	Sometimes a little slow depending on the settings...
0	Sometimes a slight slow depending on the settings...
1	Pretty Good Output, and fairly inexpensive
1	Pretty dear Output, and fairly inexpensive
1	size, shape, caller id, voicemail, voice activated dialing, sound quality
1	size, pattern, caller-up id, voicemail, voice activated dialing, sound quality
0	Not the easiest way to transfer pix from camera to computer.
0	Not the prosperous way to transfer pix from camera to figurer.
1	Full featured, controls logically laid out, excellent image quality.
1	Full featured, ensure logically laid out, excellent image quality.
1	Ease of use, many features
1	Ease of consumption, many features
1	Great image quality; cheap media
1	Great image quality; sleazy media
0	poor quality pics, very slow
0	poor quality pics, very retard
0	no flash/small picture capacity
0	no flashing/small picture capacity
1	Easy to use, light weight, nice feel camera
1	Easy to use, lightly weight, nice feel camera
1	There isn't any.
1	thither isn't any.
0	The battery life seems to be a bit on the short side.
0	The battery spirit seems to be a moment on the short side.
0	Short battery life, takes a long time to autofocus. 
0	Short battery life, takes a long metre to autofocus. 
0	awkward menu &navigation, small buttons, long antenna, little space for name &to do list
0	awkward menu &navigation, small buttons, long antenna, little place for appoint &to do list
0	Larger than average
0	big than average
0	Short battery life, LCD screen hard to read outside
0	abruptly battery life, LCD screen hard to read outside
1	Inexpensive, fast printing
1	cheap, fast printing
0	Not as good macro capability (without add-on lenses) as Nikon coolpix 995.
0	Not as honest macro capacity (without add-on lenses) as Nikon coolpix 995.
0	Folding and unfolding is akward and there is no cup holder
0	folding and extend is akward and there is no cup holder
1	Low Price, Excellent Reception, Fully Customizable
1	low-toned Price, Excellent Reception, Fully Customizable
0	battery life, exposure
0	battery liveliness, exposure
1	sharp, fast black and white printing; detailed color printing; easy to use
1	sharp, fast blackened and whitened printing; detailed color printing; easy to use
1	Affordable, high quality, High duty cycle
1	Affordable, high quality, High duty motorcycle
1	Features, and Nextels service
1	feature, and Nextels service
0	Not durable, unintuitive interface, cannot adjust ring volume with phone closed
0	Not durable, unintuitive interface, cannot correct ring mass with phone closed
0	Ink cartridge runs out quickly and is expensive
0	Ink cartridge tally out quickly and is expensive
0	can be hard to install, needs lots of lighting.
0	can be intemperately to install, needs lots of lighting.
0	low voice volume, terrible camera, phone locks up and drops calls
0	low voice volume, terrible camera, phone locks up and discharge birdcall
1	Fast, good print quality, easy install, 8mb built-in memory, 1 year warranty.
1	degenerate, good print quality, easy install, 8mb constitutional memory, 1 year warranty.
0	Close-up of small objects are not very clear. Otherwise, this camera has excellent resolution. 
0	Close-up of small target are not very earn. Otherwise, this camera has excellent resolution. 
1	4MP, movie mode, excellent battery life
1	4MP, movie mode, excellent battery lifetime
0	No Downloadable Ringers
0	nobelium Downloadable Ringers
1	COLOR!!!  Cool games and ring tones.
1	COLOR!!!  Cool games and ring tone.
1	Easy to Use, Analog Zoom, Small enough to fit in top pocket
1	Easy to utilise, Analog Zoom, Small enough to fit in crest pocket
0	Does not have FM Radio
0	come not have FM Radio
0	can't say anything bad about it yet
0	can't say anything badness about it yet
0	Storage access!
0	Storage accession!
0	Download Speed
0	Download velocity
1	Built-in digital camera, 65,000 color TFD main display, t-zones internet capable, SMS templates
1	Built-in digital camera, 65,000 coloration TFD chief display, t-zones internet capable, SMS templates
0	Phone book not alphabetical, Manual not helpful, Menus sometimes cumbersome
0	earphone playscript not alphabetical, Manual not helpful, Menus sometimes cumbersome
1	Fantastic results at a great price, fast, quiet and easy to use and install.
1	rattling results at a great price, fast, quiet and easy to utilize and install.
0	The print head easily clogs, requiring a lot of ink to clean.
0	The print head easily clogs, requiring a caboodle of ink to white.
0	poorly designed; breaks too easily;
0	poorly designed; offend too easily;
1	Features, video out, software, price.
1	Features, video out, software, Price.
1	Good reception/features/battery life/size
1	Good reception/have/battery life/size
0	Paper jams sometimes, bad rollers
0	Paper jams sometimes, speculative rollers
0	None
0	none
1	Durable flip phone which is easy to use.
1	Durable thumb phone which is easy to use.
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	Large screen, clear reception and great subroutine
0	Middle of the road reception, bad shape
0	Middle of the road reception, bad contour
1	Reliable, solid
1	Reliable, square
0	none
0	none
1	great picture quality, sound on movie settings, reasonable price, easy to use, great zoom
1	great picture quality, sound on movie settings, reasonable price, well-off to expend, great zoom
1	Good black print quality; easy setup, easy fax send/receive.
1	expert disgraceful print quality; easy setup, easy fax send/receive.
1	small and compact, nice looking, good quality photos
1	small and compact, nice looking, unspoilt quality photos
1	Light weight, 8MB starter card, optical 3x zoom
1	luminosity weight, 8MB starter card, optical 3x zoom
0	Not good in low light, doesn't come with a case, only 8 MB card.
0	Not good in humbled light-colored, doesn't come with a case, only 8 MB card.
1	Small, easy to use, and some nice features.
1	Small, easy to use, and some nice sport.
0	Battery takes along time to charge, difficult to open with one hand
0	Battery bring along time to commission, difficult to open with one hand
0	Camera can easily turn on.
0	Camera can easily turning on.
1	Light, sturdy, compact, great sunhood, onehanded folding, brilliant for tall people &amp; cheap in UK.
1	Light, uncompromising, compact, great sunhood, onehanded folding, brilliant for improbable people &amp; sleazy in UK.
1	Plenty of good features and a lovely 10x zoom+ 52mm filter threads
1	hatful of thoroughly features and a lovely 10x zoom+ 52mm filter threads
1	Extremely easy to use.
1	Extremely easy to role.
1	Low cost
1	lowly cost
1	Fast, relatively quiet, excellent print output
1	Fast, relatively quiet, splendid print output
1	picture quality, compactness, easy to use
1	project quality, compactness, easy to use
1	Looks like a spaceship. Fairly durable. Can't see it unless using a microscope.
1	tone like a spaceship. Fairly lasting. Can't see it unless using a microscope.
1	The Camera pictures are better than other camera phones.
1	The Camera render are better than other camera phones.
1	size, daytime quality, adjustability
1	size, day quality, adjustability
0	Eats batteries like candy. Supplied Memory stick is only 4mb. No rechargeable batter included.
0	chow batteries like candy. Supplied Memory bind is only 4mb. No rechargeable batter included.
1	Print and scan quality; integration
1	Print and scan select; integration
1	Himm...? Not sure!
1	Himm...? Not indisputable!
1	Flawless Fax reception, great color copies, and a decent printer.
1	Flawless Fax reception, outstanding distort copies, and a decent printer.
0	Not a user friendly menu, not easily customizable, very loud ringer.
0	Not a user well-disposed carte, not easily customizable, very loud ringer.
0	Performance in Cold Weather, Menu, Storage
0	Performance in Cold Weather, Menu, depot
0	none for the money. 
0	none for the money. 
0	Ink can be costly
0	Ink can be dearly-won
0	USB kit separate for $60, only for Apple
0	USB kit class for $60, only for Apple
1	voice activiated, blue backlight, voicenotes, durable, all around good
1	voice activiated, blue backlight, voicenotes, durable, all around ripe
0	Horrible user manual, quirky menus.
0	Horrible user manual, quirky fare.
1	None
1	none
1	It supports GPRS, GSM, TDMA, and analog. It has voice dialing and built in vibration.
1	It abide GPRS, GSM, TDMA, and analog. IT has voice dialing and build in vibration.
1	It is very comfortable for the child.
1	It is very comfortable for the youngster.
1	Extremely small and light, Bright color screen, full-featured, great sound quality and battery life
1	Extremely small and illumination, Bright color screen, full-featured, great level-headed quality and battery life
1	price, lots of features
1	price, circle of features
1	allows photo printout from the MFC
1	allows picture printout from the MFC
0	No zoom.  Cheapish plastic body.  Does not come with memory card.
0	nobelium zoom.  Cheapish plastic body.  come not come with memory card.
1	Highest Speed and Quality, Phenominal Prints, Exceptionally Low Cost
1	Highest Speed and select, Phenominal Prints, Exceptionally Low Cost
0	Slow between takes to get next picture
0	Slow between admit to get next picture
1	good screen, speakerphone, ringtone speaker is clear.  Has a good camers
1	safe screen, speakerphone, ringtone speaker is clear.  Has a full camers
0	Bigger battery hog than Fisher Price toys! Oink!
0	heavy battery hog than Fisher Price toys! Oink!
1	fun, easy to use
1	fun, prosperous to use
1	Does it all!
1	do it all!
1	Size, portability, hi-rez, MPeg options, USB, Li-Ion battery
1	Size, portability, hi-rez, MPeg alternative, USB, Li-Ion battery
0	short battery life
0	poor battery life
0	Annoying bugs in software, GPRS useless, not tri-band, no camera or bluetooth, small memory.
0	vexation bugs in software, GPRS useless, not tri-band, no camera or bluetooth, small retentivity.
1	stylish, reversible handle, easy to fold
1	stylish, reversible handle, sluttish to fold
0	Few.  Lacks decent battery indicator.
0	Few.  Lacks decent shelling indicator.
1	Good pictures, ease of use, ease of development, e-mail, quality
1	safe pictures, ease of usance, ease of development, e-mail, quality
0	ugly, volume, no vibrate or speakerphone, no carrying case or belt hook, no voice activation
0	ugly, volume, no vibrate or speakerphone, no stock shell or belt hook, no vocalise activation
0	Skimpy 8MB CF card, shortish battery life when using LCD viewfinder
0	Skimpy 8MB cf. placard, shortish battery life when using LCD viewfinder
0	Heavy, over-kill software, Poor focus characteristics, bad macro ability. incorrect color matching.
0	backbreaking, over-kill software, wretched focus characteristics, bad macro ability. incorrect color matching.
0	Minor glitches in scanning and OCR software
0	kid glitches in scanning and OCR software
1	Light, Small, Inexpensive
1	Light, little, Inexpensive
0	Menus are a pain, doesn't get your attention w/ ring or vibrate
0	Menus are a pain, doesn't become your attention w/ skirt or vibrate
1	Lots of capabilities if you have legacy ports on your PC
1	hatful of capabilities if you have legacy embrasure on your PC
0	no zoom lens it is a must
0	no zoom lens it is a mustiness
1	Speakerphone, voice dialing, cool blue light.
1	Speakerphone, voice dialing, cool blue swooning.
0	Poor canopy design.
0	piteous canopy design.
1	Small size, movie mode, great auto-focus, 3.2 megapixels
1	minuscule size, movie mode, great auto-focus, 3.2 megapixels
0	Really bad reception and cavernous sound.
0	Really bad reception and cavernous intelligent.
0	size, price
0	size, Price
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to employ
0	None that I have found yet.
0	None that I have found however.
0	high price unit and toner
0	high-pitched price unit and toner
0	The holder is not practical they need a new design.
0	The holder is not practical they demand a new pattern.
1	Ease of use, image quality, compact convenient design
1	Ease of use, image lineament, compact convenient design
1	Cheap, awesome printer in general
1	inexpensive, awesome printer in general
0	Takes about 3-4 minutes to warm up.
0	Takes about 3-4 minute to warm up.
0	none yet
0	none nonetheless
1	Cheap!
1	garish!
0	Ink cartridges don't work properly, construction seems shoddy.   
0	Ink cartridges don't work properly, construction seems misleading.   
1	Portable, functional, extremely mobile
1	Portable, functional, highly mobile
1	Excellent image quality, sturdy construction, depth of field preview, and so much more!
1	Excellent image quality, sturdy expression, depth of study preview, and so much more!
1	Bright, clear screen.  Simple and quick access to features.
1	Bright, unclouded screen.  Simple and quick access to features.
1	Small and lite enough that you'll forget you have it most of the time.
1	humble and lite enough that you'll forget you have it most of the clip.
0	Has poor quality in low light situations.
0	Has poor quality in low lightness situations.
0	fair reception, earpiece speaker, $expen$ive, Sprint only
0	fair reception, earpiece Speaker, $expen$ive, Sprint only
0	Sucks batteries like there's no tomorrow
0	absorb batteries like there's no tomorrow
1	Excellent features.  Near perfect speakerphone.  Durability.  Battery life.  Standard headset jack.
1	Excellent features.  approach perfect speakerphone.  Durability.  Battery life.  Standard headset diddly-shit.
0	You get what you pay for
0	You amaze what you pay for
1	Eco mode, light on/off, speaker phone, cute ring tones
1	Eco mode, tripping on/off, speaker phone, cute skirt tones
1	Easy compact and never need another roll of film
1	Easy compact and never need another roll of movie
0	Limited Features
0	Limited characteristic
0	Cartridge is both B&amp;W and color ink, to replace one you replace both
0	Cartridge is both B&ampere;W and colouration ink, to replace one you supersede both
0	Flash Red-eye is a pain. I try never to use the flash. Low battery life
0	trashy red-eye is a pain. I try never to use the flash. low-toned battery life
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	vocalisation recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	4 Megapixel, Lightweight, versatile, rich colors, sharp lens, accessories, pro-sumer oriented, rechargeable Li-ion battery
1	4 Megapixel, Lightweight, versatile, rich distort, sharp lense, accessories, pro-sumer oriented, rechargeable Li-ion battery
1	use to e-mail photos, no film!,view on tv 
1	use to e-mail photos, no pic!,view on tv 
1	Sleek design, color-changing covers, light and compact, impressive features, long battery life
1	Sleek innovation, color-changing covers, luminosity and compact, impressive features, long battery life
0	No USB connection, Software very slow for picture retrieval from camera
0	No USB connectedness, Software very slacken for picture retrieval from camera
0	Battery Life, Voice Quality
0	Battery Life, spokesperson Quality
0	large, heavy, no color screen
0	large, intemperate, no color screen
1	beautiful photo quality prints of all sizes, and it's under $100 
1	beautiful photo prime prints of all sizes, and it's under $hundred 
0	EXTREMELY HIGH RADIATION
0	EXTREMELY high RADIATION
0	None that I can think of.
0	None that 1 can think of.
1	Small and stylish
1	little and stylish
0	1. slowwwwwww ----&amp;#13;&amp;#10;2. many annoying dialog windows---&amp;#13;&amp;#10;3. sucks on a network
0	1. slowwwwwww ----&amp;#13;&amp;#ten;2. many pestering duologue windows---&amp;#XIII;&amp;#10;3. sucks on a network
0	Only allows 6 quality pics per floppy, only a single 15 second movie.
0	Only allows 6 quality photo per floppy, only a bingle 15 second movie.
0	High price on cartridges from local stores
0	High damage on cartridges from local stores
0	Bad Quality, expensive, just plain terrible
0	Bad Quality, expensive, just spare terrible
0	Not fast enough for a business
0	Not fast enough for a occupation
1	Excellent picture quality and battery life
1	first-class picture quality and battery life
1	Wonderful resolution
1	rattling resolution
1	Small, lightweight, durable, sleek, and fun to use.
1	minuscule, lightweight, durable, sleek, and fun to use.
1	Selectable image aspect ratio printing, Voice Memo mode, In Camera Crop/Trim &amp; Re-Size function
1	Selectable image aspect ratio printing, vocalisation Memo mode, In Camera Crop/passementerie &A; Re-Size function
1	Excellent colors and photo quality, full manual controls
1	Excellent colors and photo quality, full manual moderate
0	itap sucks, outside display is tiny, battery life is mediocre.
0	itap sucks, remote display is tiny, barrage life is mediocre.
0	The LCD is slightly off center
0	The LCD is slightly off middle
0	buggy software, poor battery charge design, repair department overwhelmed
0	buggy software, hapless battery charge design, repair department overwhelmed
1	the printing quality is very outstanding.  The colors appear true to original.
1	the printing character is very outstanding.  The colouring appear true to original.
1	compact, attractive, great reception, easy to use, good battery life
1	compact, attractive, great reception, easy to expend, good barrage life
0	Topmost buttons a bit hard to press, not a major thing though.
0	Topmost buttons a bit concentrated to constrict, not a major thing though.
0	Size, no camera, poor calendar function.
0	Size, no camera, pitiful calendar function.
1	small, magnesium case, sharp pictures
1	lowly, magnesium case, sharp pictures
1	1. good resolution 2. easy to carry 3. easy storage 4. no complicated software 5. easy to transfer onto the pc
1	one. good resolution 2. slow to carry trine. soft storage 4. no complicated software 5. easy to transfer onto the pc
1	Inexpensive, sturdy
1	Inexpensive, stalwart
0	scratches easily
0	moolah easily
0	Zoom options are limited, eats AA batteries like candy!!!
0	Zoom options are set, eats AA batteries like candy!!!
1	Small, Light, Portable, Stylish
1	Small, low-cal, Portable, Stylish
1	clear images, not to loud
1	sack images, not to loud
1	Inexpensive, Quick, Easy to use, Good Functionality, Easy to replace ink
1	Inexpensive, Quick, Easy to use, Good Functionality, easily to exchange ink
1	speakerphone, lightweight, very small, loud ringtones
1	speakerphone, lightweight, very low, loud ringtones
0	Electric Viewfinder, Battery, Ergonomics, Resolution, Cost  &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Electric Viewfinder, Battery, Ergonomics, resolve, Cost  &amp;#XIII;&amp;#10;
0	Cheap antenna, Cheap build quality
0	Cheap antenna, tacky build quality
1	Printing Speed, Print Quality, Reliable paper feed mechanism
1	Printing Speed, Print Quality, Reliable paper fertilise mechanism
1	Good Value; Good Prints; LCD preview makes it easy to print without a PC
1	Good appreciate; secure Prints; LCD preview makes it easy to print without a PC
1	Great pictures, compact design, super fast auto focus
1	Great photograph, compact design, super fast auto focus
0	Buy an extra battery and keep it charged.
0	Buy an extra battery and keep it buck.
0	None
0	none
1	Pictures do print out very nice
1	visualize do print out very nice
0	everything else
0	everything else
1	Price, simple and reliable, quiet operation
1	price, simple and reliable, quiet operation
0	You will never be able to move it again
0	You will never be able to displace it again
0	No lens cover
0	No lens deal
0	None.
0	none.
0	slow shutter speed causes blurry pictures
0	slow shutter speed causes blurry fancy
1	Small, light, no external antenna!, internet access
1	Small, light, no external feeler!, internet access
0	Short battery, smallish memory, movies have no sound, slow flash recharge
0	short battery, smallish memory, movies have no sound, dumb flash recharge
0	small basket
0	minor basket
0	Only if it breaks down, you're out more than just 1 machine
0	Only if it discontinue down, you're out more than just I machine
0	You must have an independent electrical circuit for this unit.
0	You must have an independent electric lap for this unit.
1	Smallest camera of it's type. Sleek durable design. High reliability
1	Smallest camera of it's type. satiny durable blueprint. High reliability
0	low volume level, sticky buttons
0	downcast volume level, sticky buttons
1	Fast printing, Excellent print quality, HP warranty, duplex module, &amp; low price
1	fasting printing, Excellent print caliber, HP warranty, duplex module, &amp; low price
0	Prints Slow In Best Quality Mode, No Feeder Tray For Faxing, USB Cable Not Included
0	Prints slacken In Best calibre Mode, No Feeder Tray For fax, USB Cable Not Included
0	Use of zoom lens creates photos that are less than sharp
0	enjoyment of zoom lens produce photos that are less than sharp
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	GREAT sound quality, easy phonebook, love the display!
1	GREAT sound select, easy phonebook, love the display!
0	Non-standard windows drivers.
0	Non-standard window drivers.
1	really great quality printing
1	really outstanding quality printing
1	cheap cheap cheap...and good quality prints!
1	cheap gimcrack cheap...and good quality prints!
1	Excellent Image Quality.  Nikon Optics., Compact size.
1	Excellent Image calibre.  Nikon Optics., Compact size.
1	Beautiful photos at a good price
1	Beautiful photos at a secure price
1	when it charges I loved the phone and its options
1	when it buck I bonk the phone and its options
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	confused, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	That's about all it does. Pretty uninteresting.
0	That's about all it does. jolly uninteresting.
1	faster than G2, uses CompactFlash, long battery life
1	faster than G2, uses CompactFlash, hanker battery life
1	Stunningly high-quality prints, excellent resolution
1	Stunningly high-quality prints, excellent closure
1	for Look, Feel, and Functionality .. the best overall value in its price class.
1	for attend, Feel, and Functionality .. the unspoilt overall value in its price class.
1	Good first buy camera, for unexpected photos
1	honest first buy camera, for unexpected photos
0	Slightly grainy
0	slightly grainy
0	Almost nothing
0	Almost nil
1	Small size, dual displays, great looks
1	Small size, dual displays, capital looks
1	small size, very cool-looking, excellent menu system and user interface, awesome battery life, voice-activated dialing
1	minuscule size, very cool-looking, excellent carte system and user interface, awing battery life, voice-activated dialing
0	No joy stick (unlike the Sony Ericsson T60)
0	No joyfulness stick (unlike the Sony Ericsson T60)
1	Easy to use feature loaded.
1	Easy to use feature charge.
1	Std batteries &amp; memory &amp; form factor. Easy to use, good automatic settings.
1	Std batteries &amp; memory &amp; form factor. Easy to use, goodness automatic mount.
1	has color and a camera
1	has discolor and a camera
0	Can hardly see LCD outside. Zoom is digital, so useless outside. AD/DC Adapter is expensive.
0	Can scarcely attend LCD outside. Zoom is digital, so useless remote. AD/DC Adapter is expensive.
0	battery life is short, docking station should be part of the package
0	battery life is little, docking station should be break of the package
0	Relatively expensive print cartridges 
0	Relatively expensive print magazine 
1	Solid phone with highly usable menus and great quality
1	Solid phone with highly useable menus and great quality
1	color screen, IR port, polygraphic ring tones, cheap pricetag
1	color screen, IR embrasure, polygraphic ring tones, cheap pricetag
0	No web cam capability, 8MB memory stick
0	No web cam capability, 8MB memory stupefy
0	Takes a long time to answer a call, lose reception all the time
0	Takes a long time to solution a song, lose reception all the time
0	Loud, high priced, and not that great on black text.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	cheap, high priced, and not that great on disgraceful text.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Poor Sony support; while price is competitive, it's still a bit steep
0	Poor Sony livelihood; while price is competitive, it's motionless a bit steep
0	Flash only reaches 10 feet, No built in lens cover, , , 
0	Flash only reaches 10 fundament, No built in lens enshroud, , , 
0	Bad sound, speakerphone, a few awkward buttons.  Not for people who use it constantly.
0	Bad level-headed, speakerphone, a few awkward buttons.  Not for people who enjoyment it constantly.
0	Nothing significant
0	nothing significant
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
0	slight bulky but easily correspond in pocket....other than that nothing else
1	USB 2.0, Price, Quality, Seperate ink tanks.
1	USB ii.0, Price, Quality, Seperate ink tanks.
0	Low quality pics. and breaks within months of purchasing.  
0	Low quality pics. and unwrap within months of purchasing.  
0	Sleek design, battery life
0	aerodynamic design, battery life
0	a little more storage needed
0	a little more storage required
0	Interface responsiveness.
0	interface responsiveness.
0	cost, tiny basket
0	be, tiny basket
0	Average color quality; top speeds only in draft mode.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Average coloration quality; top speeds only in outline mode.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Cheap
1	crummy
0	No clock or alarm. Complicated menu.
0	No clock or alarm. perplex menu.
0	Camera will break.
0	Camera will pause.
0	not enough zoom, pricey
0	not enough zoom, dear
0	Dead spots and dropped calls
0	Dead distinguish and dropped calls
0	Annoying preset buttons, wind noise in hands free earphones (sometimes), On/Off button position.
0	annoy preset buttons, malarky noise in hands free earphones (sometimes), On/Off button position.
0	everything about the phone, from the price to the calls
0	everything about the earphone, from the price to the forebode
0	Won't print sometimes, including right now. Makes a swirling noise and smears ink.
0	Won't print sometimes, including right now. wee a swirling disturbance and smears ink.
0	Lens cap loose, requires lens extension for add ons, view finder poor at night 
0	Lens cap loose, requires lens extension for sum ons, see finder poor at night 
1	Picture quality, price, two sided copies
1	film quality, price, two sided copies
0	Worth it for those who don't cart baby around all day in a car seat
0	Worth it for those who don't hale cosset around all day in a car derriere
1	Inexpensive, has many features more expensive cameras don't, intuitive interface
1	Inexpensive, has many sport more expensive cameras don't, intuitive port
1	Great design, good picture quality, nice little zoom.
1	slap-up design, good picture quality, nice little zoom.
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and sizable memory
1	sleek, nice features, clear, you can change colors, nice display, cheap, web enabled&#9;
1	sleek, nice features, crystallise, you can change colorise, nice display, cheap, web enabled&#9;
1	Quick. Low ink usage, Easy to set up, Looks, Quiet printing. Reasonable price, Rebate!
1	Quick. Low ink usage, Easy to set up, reckon, Quiet printing. Reasonable Price, Rebate!
0	No instruction manual, changing ink cartridge is tricky, text is not sharp 
0	No instruction manual, interchange ink cartridge is tricky, text is not sharp-worded 
0	machine is a little noisy
0	machine is a trivial noisy
0	flash doesn't auto pop-up, minor ergonomic irks
0	flaunt doesn't auto pop-up, minor ergonomic irks
1	great price now that it has dropped below 2000 dollars us
1	great Price now that it has dropped below 2000 dollars America
0	Color copies slightly faded, ink consumption, letter sized glass plate.
0	colourise copies slightly faded, ink ingestion, letter sized glass plate.
1	saves you space on your desk
1	preserve you space on your desk
1	Ease of use &amp;amp; price was right!
1	Ease of use &amp;amp; price was veracious!
0	Eats batteries
0	Eats shelling
1	1)Easy to use 2)Programing Features 3) MOTOR DRIVE!!
1	1)Easy to use 2)programme Features 3) MOTOR ride!!
0	Will let you know how patient you aren't
0	Will get you know how patient you aren't
0	Nasty overall lag - No Focus Assist - Lousy Flash Card support
0	Nasty overall slowdown - No Focus Assist - Lousy Flash Card backup
0	Color printing, and price
0	Color impression, and price
0	Small memory card, no rechargeable batteries included, movie mode need a lot of light
0	Small memory wag, no rechargeable batteries included, movie mode need a mickle of light
0	Price, delay between taking pictures, battery consumption
0	Price, delay between remove pictures, battery consumption
1	High quality prints, fast output, reliability
1	High quality prints, quick output, reliability
0	Moderately Larger Footprint; Upper Price Range
0	Moderately tumid Footprint; Upper Price Range
1	High quality images. Durable!
1	heights quality images. Durable!
0	burr, no mp3 playback?
0	Burr, no mp3 playback?
0	You have to throw out your old photo processing equipment.
0	You have to give out your honest-to-goodness photo processing equipment.
1	Small, cool features, attractive
1	belittled, cool features, attractive
0	Linux support, MAC support
0	Linux support, macintosh support
1	Small, lightweight, digital
1	diminished, lightweight, digital
1	Ease of use and small size
1	Ease of apply and small size
1	Cheap, Light weight
1	Cheap, illumination weight
0	price, weight, size, response time
0	toll, weight, size, response time
1	Looks (can be deceptive)
1	expression (can be deceptive)
0	Length between photos; No audio for movies
0	Length between photos; No audio for picture
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, excellent color quality, compares favorably to an Alps photo printer
1	soft to use, inexpensive, excellent color lineament, compares favorably to an Alps photo printer
1	Low cost.
1	low-down cost.
0	reliability, size
0	reliability, sizing
1	Flip phone, Small
1	Flip phone, humble
0	craftsmanship, quality
0	craftsmanship, select
1	Superb rendering of text, very good graphics
1	Superb rendering of text, very sound graphics
0	Memory card supplied is too small
0	Memory card add is too small
1	Nice, easily read screen, good reception, thoughtfully designed, easy & accurate voice dialing
1	courteous, easily read shield, good reception, thoughtfully designed, easy & accurate voice dialing
1	long lasting battery,very clear,works in most areas,small and compact
1	long lasting battery,very clear-cut,works in most country,small and compact
1	Small. USB connector with craddle base&amp;#13;&amp;#10;JPEG Video capability
1	small-scale. USB connector with craddle nucleotide&amp;#13;&amp;#10;JPEG Video capability
0	Unreliable reception, large size for such a simple phone
0	Unreliable reception, large size for such a dewy-eyed phone
1	Price, size, simplicity, great accessories, and more!
1	Price, size, simplicity, great supplement, and more!
0	A little expensive and no WAP browser
0	amp little expensive and no WAP browser
1	Terrific Picture Quality, Optical Zoom, Decent Battery Consumption
1	terrific Picture Quality, Optical Zoom, Decent Battery Consumption
0	Not enough memory
0	Not enough store
1	Looks, Ringtones, "pocket sized"
1	spirit, Ringtones, "pocket sized"
1	Ease of handling and high resolution
1	Ease of handling and high-pitched resolution
0	small screen, no WAP...
0	small sieve, no WAP...
0	Battery life :(
0	Battery sprightliness :(
1	Shell design, vibrant screen, Bluetooth, camera, Swiss-Army like features.
1	Shell purpose, vibrant screen, Bluetooth, camera, Swiss-Army like features.
1	Great quality, accepts a variety of paper types
1	Great tone, accepts a variety of paper types
1	Size, Price, Voice Dialing, Use Everywhere
1	Size, price, Voice Dialing, Use Everywhere
0	change batteries often, pictures larger than 8x10 loose detail
0	change batteries often, pictures larger than 8x10 loosen detail
1	Workhorse, never complains
1	Workhorse, never plain
0	Really bad screen with frustrating backlight options
0	Really bad screen with frustrating backlight option
0	Battery life can be better, I wish that there were some games already pre-loaded.
0	Battery life can be unspoiled, I like that there were some games already pre-loaded.
0	Joint for flip creaks on mine, not a lot of features.
0	Joint for flip creaks on mine, not a circumstances of lineament.
0	Camera quality, lockups, file corruption, price
0	Camera quality, lockups, file rottenness, price
1	Quick access to pix, easy to use
1	spry access to pix, easy to use
0	don't know of any
0	don't live of any
1	Form factor, CompactFlash Type II slot, optical zoom lens with a 2X-4X digital option, ISO from 100-400, 3 selectable image sizes 
1	forge constituent, CompactFlash Type II slot, optical zoom lens with a 2X-4X digital alternative, ISO from 100-400, terzetto selectable image sizes 
0	Can't talk & Charge, horrible call quality, Just bad in general.
0	Can't talk & agitate, horrible squall quality, Just bad in general.
0	battery is not great
0	barrage is not great
1	small, light weight, quick, excellent build quality, takes great pictures, can shoot movie clips
1	small, light weight, quick, excellent build quality, consider great film, can shoot movie clips
0	Eats batteries like the famine is coming tomorrow, only 8mb card included, confusing menu system.
0	consume batteries like the famine is occur tomorrow, only 8mb card included, obscure menu system.
1	Easy to use, excellent features, price dropping.
1	gentle to use, excellent features, price dropping.
1	inexpensive, webcam conversion included, easy to use
1	cheap, webcam conversion included, easy to use
1	Small size, good durable battery pack, voice controls.
1	Small size, skilful durable battery pack, voice controls.
1	Price is right.
1	Price is good.
0	Didn't buy it sooner.
0	Didn't buy it earlier.
0	Ink Cartridges are very expensive
0	ink Cartridges are very expensive
0	may not be adequate for  buisness use
0	May not be adequate for  buisness use
1	Fast, Convenient, Uncomplicated
1	truehearted, Convenient, Uncomplicated
0	No Voice Dialing, Cannot play "true" polyphonic ringtones, only 8 tones simultaneously
0	No Voice Dialing, Cannot trifle "admittedly" polyphonic ringtones, only 8 tones simultaneously
0	large LCD screen on back drains batteries fast
0	large LCD screen on back drains barrage fast
0	No games
0	nobelium games
0	No bluetooth. Expensive.
0	No bluetooth. expensive.
0	Mode Dial is very likely to fall off.
0	Mode Dial is very likely to twilight off.
0	Price is too High!
0	Price is too heights!
1	Small and easy to use...great picture taker
1	Small and easy to use...swell picture taker
1	great for hauling the toddler and the baby
1	keen for hauling the toddler and the baby
0	Battery life, cheap black plastic styling case
0	Battery lifespan, cheap black plastic styling case
0	sprint is wider
0	sprint is across-the-board
1	Ease Of Use
1	easiness Of Use
0	overall design, navigation key
0	overall intention, navigation key
0	Camera broke after having it a month and a half. Zoom is very limited.
0	Camera weaken after having it a month and a half. whizz is very limited.
1	good sound
1	estimable sound
1	Easy setup, Great price, Separate cartridges, USB or Parallel , Very fast prints, Great photo prints
1	Easy setup, gravid price, Separate cartridges, USB or Parallel , Very dissipated prints, swell photo prints
1	Nice features
1	Nice feature
0	bulky size, low pixels
0	bulky size, lowly pixels
1	Great lens, improved zoom, better resolution options, included lithium-ion battery.
1	dandy lens, improved zoom, practiced resolution options, included lithium-ion battery.
0	none for what I wanted, but the reception is not as good as my 8500.
0	none for what one precious, but the reception is not as thoroughly as my 8500.
1	Thinner, compatible with accessories (mostly)
1	Thinner, compatible with supplement (mostly)
0	LCD screen difficult to see in sunlight
0	LCD screen difficult to learn in sunlight
1	Light weight&#13;&#10;Sexy&#13;&#10;rare&#13;&#10;glows nicely
1	luminosity weight&#13;&#10;Sexy&#13;&#10;rare&#13;&#10;glow nicely
0	No expansion card slot, headphone jack, display timeout/screensaver settings don't work, so-so battery life
0	No expansion lineup slot, headphone doodly-squat, display timeout/screensaver settings don't cultivate, so-so battery life
1	Good Versatility, Lots of Options, MPEG Recording Ability, Floppy Drive (No PC Hardware Needed)
1	Good Versatility, Lots of selection, MPEG Recording Ability, Floppy driving (No PC Hardware Needed)
0	do not try to refill cartridges
0	do not try to refill cartridge
1	light weight, easy to use
1	faint weight, easy to use
0	no optical zoom, small lcd
0	no optical zoom, small LCD
0	Installation program is terrible. 
0	Installation program is dreaded. 
1	Easy to use, attractive, small &amp; light.
1	Easy to utilise, attractive, small &amp; light.
0	the phone itself
0	the ring itself
0	The included strap is good only for the wrist.
0	The included strap is dear only for the wrist.
1	Color Layering Technology 
1	distort Layering Technology 
1	Cheap, Reliable Brand, does the simple jobs
1	Cheap, Reliable Brand, does the simple chore
1	Decent pictures for the price, light, compact.
1	nice pictures for the price, light, compact.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, many options, supports wide variety of paper sizes
1	Inexpensive, well-to-do to use, many options, support wide variety of paper sizes
1	Speakerphone,lots of features for a small phone
1	Speakerphone,tons of features for a small phone
0	None to speak of.
0	None to utter of.
1	SMALL!!! LIGHT!!! Easy to access phonebook.
1	SMALL!!! faint!!! Easy to access phonebook.
0	No matte paper from Canon. Had a little trouble feeding wedding envelopes.
0	No matte paper from Canon. Had a lilliputian trouble fertilise wedding envelopes.
1	Floppy storage
1	Floppy memory
0	MEDIOCRE TALK-TIME; VIDEO-RECORDING LENGTH; FLUCTUATING VOLUME; OPERATIONAL GLITCHES
0	middling TALK-TIME; VIDEO-RECORDING LENGTH; FLUCTUATING VOLUME; OPERATIONAL GLITCHES
1	Size, xD, 10X optical zoom, 4 megpix gives high quality pics, ease of use
1	Size, xD, 10X optical whizz, 4 megpix devote high quality pics, ease of use
0	None
0	none
0	battery life bad and backlight flickers alot
0	battery biography bad and backlight flickers alot
1	Looks & size.  Features.  Custom ringtones.  Accessories.
1	appear & size.  Features.  Custom ringtones.  Accessories.
1	Style and ease of use, when it works.
1	Style and relaxation of use, when it works.
0	No carrying case or accesories included, despite the hefty price 549.99!
0	No transmit case or accesories included, scorn the hefty price 549.99!
1	Clarity, 2-way Function, Easy-to-Read LED Screen, Long Battery Life
1	Clarity, 2-way Function, Easy-to-Read moderate Screen, Long Battery Life
0	only good for low volume copying and printing, 24-bit color scanner again 36 to 42 bit color scanner in dedicated scanners, high cost of some ink cartridge consumables, you have to buy the BC-20 black ink cartridge yourself.
0	only dear for low loudness copying and printing, 24-bit color scanner again 36 to 42 chip coloration scanner in dedicated scanners, richly toll of some ink pickup consumables, you have to buy the BC-20 black ink cartridge yourself.
1	Superb Quality
1	Superb select
0	sound and battery
0	sound and shelling
0	saving and deleting is very slow, delay in shot being taken after you push the button
0	saving and deleting is very retard, delay in stroke being bring after you push the button
0	must use speakerphone or handsfree device, battery life short, menus hard
0	must use speakerphone or handsfree device, battery life shortsighted, menus heavily
0	need more zoom!
0	involve more zoom!
0	Smaller battery so shorter battery life thank larger phones.
0	Smaller battery so shorter battery animation thank larger phones.
1	Large screen, HUGE amounts of memory.  Ability to use 5100,6100 accessories.
1	enceinte sieve, HUGE amounts of memory.  Ability to use 5100,6100 accessories.
0	Optical Viewfinder Is Not Accurate For Close Ups, No Uncompressed Capture Mode
0	Optical Viewfinder Is Not Accurate For airless Ups, No Uncompressed Capture way
0	red-eye, poor flash range, hard to focus in low light
0	red-eye, hapless flash range, hard to focus in low lightness
0	Lag between shots is a little slow. 
0	Lag between guess is a little slow. 
0	Not quite perfect photo quality
0	Not quite perfect photo timber
0	Poor ear volume, no speaker phone.
0	Poor spike volume, no speaker phone.
1	Good value for money for 2.1 MPix camera. Battery life longer than expected.
1	salutary value for money for 2.1 MPix camera. Battery life longsighted than expected.
1	Price
1	cost
0	Sorry, didn't find any!
0	sad, didn't find any!
1	High Quality Cheap Price
1	High prime Cheap Price
0	Small size (easy to lose and awkward to talk into. Li-ion batter costs extra.
0	Small size (easy to recede and awkward to talk into. Li-ion batter costs duplicate.
0	battery life
0	battery spirit
0	Short battery life, no zoom 
0	Short battery life, no surge 
0	Turns itself off.  Poor reception.
0	ferment itself off.  Poor reception.
1	Great  Pictures
1	nifty  Pictures
1	Convenience
1	gadget
1	size, cool factor, big screen, features
1	size, cool factor, vainglorious screen, features
1	features and more features, durability
1	features and more have, durability
1	Small Size, Color screen, loud ring tones, easy to use
1	Small Size, Color screen, loud ring tincture, easy to usance
0	printout performance depends on equipment
0	printout execution depends on equipment
0	Slow, useless scanner, unreliable fax
0	Slow, useless scanner, unreliable telefax
0	Expensive , expensive additional battery ,  small size Compact flash memory  card
0	Expensive , expensive additional battery ,  small sizing succinct flash memory  card
1	Phone performs very well.
1	Phone execute very well.
0	Darker photos don't print out as well.
0	Darker photos don't print out as easily.
0	Photo software is pretty cheesy; Included memory card is almost worthless.
0	exposure software is pretty cheesy; Included memory card is near worthless.
1	Color, internet, ringtones, camera w/flash, charges fast, alarm/calendar, nifty novelties, clamshell design
1	Color, internet, ringtones, camera w/flash, file fast, alarm/calendar, nifty novelties, clamshell pattern
1	Exellent quality pictures
1	Exellent quality photograph
1	Extensive Control 
1	Extensive operate 
1	Style and substance, compact size, loaded with features.
1	Style and core, compact size, loaded with features.
0	Jamming the floppy in backwards can harm the drive. (duh!)
0	block the floppy in backwards can harm the movement. (duh!)
0	LCD can be hard to see in certain lights
0	LCD can be hard to check in certain lights
0	None
0	none
0	low speaker volume, no web capacities!!!
0	humble speaker volume, no web capacities!!!
0	Quiet ringer, quiet speaker, poor reception, not intuitive
0	Quiet ringer, quiet Speaker, poor reception, not intuitive
1	floppy disk image storage system; cost
1	floppy disk project storage system; cost
0	Have not found any as of yet....
0	Have not obtain any as of yet....
0	Charger, volume, excessive side buttons are easy to hit accidentally, small monochrome display, menu navigation
0	charger, volume, excessive English buttons are easygoing to hit accidentally, small monochrome display, menu navigation
1	Astonishingly crisp text. Blindingly fast. Thankfully quiet. Inexpensive individual color ink tanks. Solid
1	Astonishingly crisp text. Blindingly flying. Thankfully lull. Inexpensive individual color ink tanks. Solid
1	Very quiet. Low ink indicator
1	Very quiet. humble ink indicator
1	Light weight, compact, stylish, good value for the features, great pics.
1	light weight, compact, stylish, good value for the features, great photograph.
0	Nothing yet!
0	null yet!
0	Display occasionally distorts or disappears.
0	Display occasionally contort or disappears.
0	weight, form factor, backlight
0	weight, descriptor factor, backlight
1	battery life, picture quality, manual controls, Carl Zeiss lens
1	battery life, picture quality, manual contain, Carl Zeiss lens
1	Fast, reliable, cheap, good quality output.
1	Fast, reliable, bum, good quality output.
0	Mundane styling, accessories not widely available, menus can be confusing
0	Mundane styling, appurtenance not widely available, menus can be blur
1	Good quality print and color. Easy set up.
1	Good quality print and color. Easy plant up.
1	Great images, flexibility from full automation to manual control, good menu system
1	Great images, flexibility from full mechanization to manual control, sound menu system
0	See above
0	assure above
0	can't send text messages, old
0	can't mail text messages, old
1	Great image quality, high-resolution color LCD screen, menu-driven selection system, multitude of flash and exposure settings
1	Great image quality, high-resolution discolour LCD screen, menu-driven selection organization, multitude of flashing and exposure settings
0	Downloaded ringers not as loud as pre-loaded.
0	Downloaded ringers not as brassy as pre-loaded.
0	8mb memory stick, slow shutter/focusing, weak flash
0	8mb memory stick, behind shutter/focusing, weak flash
1	IT takes awesome pictures..Clear, very handy..Small and compact..Affordable price..Awesome zoom
1	IT takes awesome depiction..crystallise, very handy..Small and compact..Affordable price..Awesome zoom
1	Fast, efficient, excellent print quality
1	degenerate, efficient, excellent print quality
1	The phone was practically free.
1	The phone was practically unloose.
1	Durability, Big Screen, Bluetooth, Infrared to many too list!
1	Durability, Big riddle, Bluetooth, Infrared to many too list!
0	Screwy frequency, scratchy screen
0	Screwy frequency, abrasive screen
1	I wouldn't be without this printer
1	one wouldn't be without this printer
0	Absolutely flakey, secret HP policy reference printhead replacement.
0	Absolutely flakey, secret HP policy consultation printhead replacement.
1	HP Quality
1	HP character
1	Easy to use, has LCD picture review panel, takes CompactFlash memory cards
1	wanton to use, has LCD picture review panel, contract CompactFlash memory cards
0	Expensive shipping cost
0	Expensive ship cost
1	high picture quality. nice color. manual control
1	high word-painting quality. nice color. manual control
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
0	Finicky dialing (vocalise/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moment, no commit to VM.
0	Power hungry, poor low light performance
0	Power hungry, poor lowly light performance
1	Sharp photos (when in focus), nice features, fairly easy to use in basic mode
1	Sharp photos (when in focalise), nice features, fairly easy to use in basic fashion
1	low-end Cameraphone, mp3 ringtones, 65K color display, mediocre speakerphone, USB port for uploading/downloading
1	low-end Cameraphone, mp3 ringtones, 65K tinge display, mediocre speakerphone, USB port for upload/downloading
0	High operating cost
0	High lock cost
1	Spectacular output, cheap cartridges, quick printing.
1	Spectacular output, inexpensive cartridges, quick printing.
0	downloaded ringers needs to be much louder, button placement
0	downloaded ringers needs to be much gaudy, button placement
0	Maybe too tiny, Nokia accessories are expensive.
0	Maybe too petite, Nokia accessories are expensive.
0	Batteries do get used quite a but unless you have adapter
0	Batteries do find ill-used quite a but unless you have adapter
1	Great combination of a cell phone, mobile internet browser and full-featured PDA.
1	gravid combination of a cell phone, peregrine internet browser and full-featured PDA.
1	Cool phone. Has LOTS and LOTS of features. Excellent user interface, battery life.
1	Cool phone. possess LOTS and LOTS of features. excellent user interface, battery life.
1	Print speed, quality, upgradability, price, reliability, quite small, easy to print on envelopes/small paper
1	Print speed, quality, upgradability, price, reliability, quite small, well-fixed to print on envelop/minuscule paper
0	battery door won't stay closed - not much use that way
0	battery door won't stay closed - not much habituate that means
0	None at this time.
0	None at this meter.
0	none
0	none
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
0	both cameras are bad lineament (nothing new for cell phone), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
1	Appearance/Features
1	show/Features
0	Squeaky, Not so attractive
0	Squeaky, non so attractive
1	Durability and Portability, fits anywhere, goes anywhere.
1	Durability and Portability, correspond anywhere, goes anywhere.
0	Feels awkward at first due to weight and shape, cheap lens cap &amp;amp; battery holder, and long flash delay
0	Feels awkward at first due to weight and shape, crummy lens crest &amp;amp; bombardment holder, and long flashing delay
1	Design was a nice idea
1	designing was a nice idea
0	Uses up batteries, disconnecting from computer produces errors.
0	habit up batteries, disconnecting from computer produces errors.
0	Poorly Executed Scanner and Copier functions
0	Poorly Executed Scanner and Copier operate
1	Great Price, 2X Zoom, Many picture quality options
1	Great Price, 2X zoom, Many picture quality options
1	Ease of Use, Quality, Features
1	Ease of Use, lineament, Features
1	Good print quality
1	Good print calibre
0	pricey
0	pricy
0	due to popularity in my area,ink cartridges are sometimes hard to find
0	due to popularity in my region,ink cartridges are sometimes hard to discovery
1	Extremley good Reception Classy look and stilying
1	Extremley good Reception Classy face and stilying
0	Kinda Bulky
0	kinda Bulky
1	Light in weight, large screen
1	clean in weight, large screen
0	Flimsy, ugly design.  Bad reception, the list goes on and on.
0	flimsy, ugly design.  Bad receipt, the list goes on and on.
0	Ink cartridges a little pricey.
0	Ink pickup a little pricey.
0	No rechargeable batteries &amp; the SmartMedia card is too small!
0	no rechargeable batteries &amp; the SmartMedia card is too minor!
0	- none
0	- none
0	None to date
0	none to date
0	folding might be difficult for some people
0	folding might be difficult for some multitude
0	Unit-specific battery.
0	Unit-specific barrage.
1	new features
1	new sport
1	Easy to use feature loaded.
1	Easy to use feature charge.
1	Small, lightweight, cheap, reliable, analog
1	Small, lightweight, gimcrack, reliable, analog
1	Great audio and video display!
1	expectant audio and video display!
1	Great Price, High Quality color printing, quiet, HP Product
1	neat Price, High Quality color printing, quiet, HP Product
0	Poor reception, dropped calls, static.  Poor volume. At best fair battery life.
0	Poor reception, dropped calls, inactive.  Poor volume. At best bazaar battery life.
1	Clear print and copy quality
1	exculpate print and copy quality
1	Fast, Optional Networking, USB 2.0 compatible
1	Fast, optional Networking, USB 2.0 compatible
0	Short battery life.
0	unretentive battery life.
0	Storage basket is flimsy.
0	warehousing basket is flimsy.
1	Looks kind of cool
1	face kind of cool
1	Jewel-like beauty will impress you and your friends.  You can take it anywhere.
1	Jewel-like dish will impress you and your friends.  You can return it anywhere.
1	durable and easy to maneuver
1	durable and easy to point
1	ease of use, looks, walkie talkie
1	ease of use, calculate, walkie talkie
0	Difficult downloading, occasional glitches in performance, tacky flashcard door
0	Difficult downloading, occasional glitches in performance, gaudy flashcard door
0	poorly made, eats batteries, pictures are not always the right color
0	poorly made, corrode batteries, pictures are not constantly the right color
0	The ... printing feature, the cartridges, and it doesn't work anymore.
0	The ... printing characteristic, the cartridges, and it doesn't influence anymore.
1	High quality images, Size, ease of use
1	High quality trope, Size, ease of use
0	Recessed buttons are tricky to use
0	Recessed buttons are tricksy to use
0	Needs special ink for even halfway decent photo results.  Very slow when printing photos.
0	Needs special ink for even halfway decent photo results.  real slow when print photos.
0	no zoom, uses batteries quickly
0	no zoom, uses bombardment quickly
1	Quiet, quick, quality! Cheap and cables included.
1	quietly, quick, quality! Cheap and cables included.
0	Terrible sound quality (On two separate M-610's),
0	Terrible sound quality (On two severalise M-610's),
1	weather proof, perfect size, rechargeable battery
1	weather proof, perfect size, rechargeable shelling
0	Not a thing.
0	non a thing.
0	Lack features that are of limited value other than impressing your friends.
0	Lack features that are of express evaluate other than impressing your friends.
1	Size, Features, GOBS of options
1	Size, Features, oodles of options
0	A little bulky, which only attracts attention.
0	A fiddling bulky, which only attracts attention.
1	Quick, easy to use.
1	Quick, easy to employment.
1	very versatile, many options the 35mm enthusiast will enjoy
1	very versatile, many options the 35mm partisan will enjoy
0	For the Photo Enthusiast you will want more manual control.
0	For the picture Enthusiast you will want more manual see.
1	Small size, easy self-portraits with 360-degree pivoting lens, fairly simple to use, good price
1	minuscule size, easy self-portraits with 360-degree pivoting lens, fairly simple to use, good cost
1	Great Features and Quality from Fuji
1	corking Features and Quality from Fuji
1	Easy to operate, floppy adapter saves on batteries
1	well-to-do to operate, floppy adapter saves on batteries
0	None
0	none
0	a little expensive
0	a petty expensive
0	Batteries run out quickly
0	Batteries ladder out quickly
0	No warning when you run out of ink
0	No warning when you lead out of ink
1	Small, great functions, nice pictures
1	Small, great functions, nice picture
0	Problems when using with LCD monitor off.
0	Problems when victimisation with LCD monitor off.
1	great quality printing, great price, many fun features
1	nifty quality printing, great price, many fun features
0	Single band
0	unmarried band
1	compact for small spaces, easy to use, 
1	compact for small spaces, soft to use, 
1	Size, sleek appearance, ease of use, features
1	Size, sleek appearance, ease of use, have
1	So many features, huge colorful screen
1	So many features, huge colorful blind
0	Battery Life
0	Battery life-time
1	light, easy to maneuver, folds easily
1	light, easy to tactics, folds easily
1	Good reception, excellent sound, fast and user-friendly UI, good battery, world phone
1	Good reception, excellent sound, loyal and user-friendly UI, good battery, planetary phone
1	great looking, good reception, tons of options to choose from.
1	great looking, unspoiled reception, wads of options to choose from.
0	Antenna is a bit weak-but you don't usually need it.
0	Antenna is a moment weak-but you don't usually ask it.
1	easy to use, great screen-brightness, simple keypad, loud ringer,  very light and compact, flashy appearance
1	promiscuous to usage, great screen-brightness, simple keypad, loud ringer,  very light and compendious, flashy appearance
1	Fast, good quality
1	Fast, expert quality
0	fancy stuff costs loads of your tarriff doesnt support free or cheap WAP
0	fancy stuff costs loads of your tarriff doesnt indorse free or tatty WAP
0	Battery life
0	Battery biography
0	bigger than 8260, kind of heavy.
0	bigger than 8260, kind of grave.
0	buttons to small, can't adjust ring time, snap on covers too expensive
0	buttons to small, can't conform ring time, snap on embrace too expensive
1	Very compact, good pictures, good exposure under most circumstances
1	Very thick, good pictures, good exposure under most circumstances
1	Small and compact, easy to use, face plate changeable
1	modest and compact, easy to use, face plate changeable
1	Sleek style.
1	Sleek elan.
0	Very heavy and takes up too much room
0	Very wakeless and takes up too much room
1	External display
1	extraneous display
0	Sound Isn't Clear, Dropped Calls, Poor Battery Life
0	Sound Isn't Clear, Dropped Calls, Poor Battery spirit
0	Noisy esp. scanner,uses ink way too fast and ink is pricey!
0	noisy esp. scanner,utilize ink way too fast and ink is pricey!
1	excellent quality, speedy prints
1	excellent quality, rapid prints
0	NO PC TERMINAL; poor battery life; painfully slow autofocus
0	NO PC TERMINAL; poor battery life; painfully boring autofocus
0	Quirky preview image quality, limited aperture control
0	Quirky preview image quality, limited aperture moderate
0	High price and limited use with the palm pilot
0	High price and limited role with the palm pilot
0	No optical zoom
0	no optical zoom
1	Good text printing
1	Good textbook printing
0	No USB, Menu a bit confusing
0	No USB, carte a bit confusing
1	EXCELLENT photo quality with the right paper, text prints very well, GREAT speed.
1	EXCELLENT photo quality with the right paper, text prints very well, outstanding accelerate.
0	Still see crooked prints sometime...
0	Still see crooked prints former...
1	Overall Quality
1	Overall caliber
1	Very easy to use, Great image quality.
1	Very easily to use, Great image quality.
0	No NiMH batteries, charger or case included w/ camera 
0	No NiMH batteries, charger or font included w/ camera 
0	tends to bend cheap light weight paper when starting a print job
0	tends to bend cheap igniter angle paper when starting a print job
0	Dismal battery life, images too soft, poor CCD sensitivity, no RAW export
0	Dismal battery life, icon too delicate, poor CCD sensitivity, no RAW export
1	Low cost good quality.
1	Low cost just quality.
0	i cant think of any
0	i cant imagine of any
0	Expensive, difficult to turn off, minor phone annoyances
0	Expensive, difficult to reverse off, minor phone annoyances
1	Small, slim, lightweight, feature rich, cool look
1	Small, slim, lightweight, feature rich, cool feeling
0	Batteries often need to be replaced
0	battery often need to be replaced
0	Bad picture quality, eats up alot of battery
0	Bad render quality, eats up alot of battery
0	No built in zoom
0	No built in surge
0	Too big and cumbersome
0	Too big and ill-chosen
1	It's one device that has a lot of functionality and a good battery life
1	It's one device that has a circumstances of functionality and a honorable battery life
0	depending on company, prices!
0	look on company, prices!
0	Noisy.  No USB cable included.
0	Noisy.  No USB cablegram included.
1	An ideal printer for the traveller and so easy to use
1	An nonsuch printer for the traveller and so comfortable to use
1	Great colors, fast speed, flexible settings
1	Great colors, loyal speed, flexible settings
1	NOT MANY!  When it works it's OK
1	non MANY!  When it works it's OK
0	Software is a nightmare.  Very unstable.  Technical support is NONEXISTENT.  
0	software is a nightmare.  Very unstable.  Technical endure is NONEXISTENT.  
1	It came with softwear
1	It follow with softwear
1	Solid, reliable, great sound quality, and cheap.
1	Solid, reliable, great sound quality, and chintzy.
1	Size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Rebate on add'l memory card.
1	Size&amp;#13;&AMP;#10;photograph quality&amp;#13;&ampere;#10;Price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of practice&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Rebate on add'l remembering card.
1	small, lightweight, if you have experience with cell phones, it's easy to use.
1	belittled, lightweight, if you have experience with cell phones, it's easygoing to use.
0	Bad customer support; internal speaker prone to moisture damage
0	Bad customer stand; internal speaker prone to moisture damage
0	OS beyond terrible, its designers should be forced to empty a pool with a sieve.
0	OS beyond awful, its designers should be impel to empty a pool with a screen.
0	Only a VGA camera (but the pics are good for being VGA), No expandable memory
0	Only a VGA camera (but the movie are skilful for being VGA), No expansile memory
1	Durable!  Lots of great options like voice recorder and infared and call reminders.
1	Durable!  stacks of great options like voice recorder and infared and scream reminders.
0	no colour screen
0	no vividness screen
0	Moderately noisy.
0	moderately noisy.
1	It fits in my purse,  This is better than no phone at all
1	It correspond in my purse,  This is honest than no phone at all
0	No TV interface.  4 MB card comes with it.
0	No TV interface.  quaternion MB card comes with it.
1	affordable and great quality
1	affordable and bully quality
1	Easy to set up and use, no paper jams, prints well on card stock
1	Easy to determined up and use, no paper jams, prints good on card stock
0	N/A
0	newton/A
1	Small, with nice 2 way radio
1	Small, with prissy 2 way radio
0	I couldn't find anything I didn't like about this camera
0	unity couldn't detect anything I didn't like about this camera
1	Compact, High-Quality Pics, USB Card Reader
1	Compact, High-Quality photograph, USB Card Reader
0	Poor speed and quality
0	Poor accelerate and quality
1	Powerful camera, low cost, impressive picture results
1	Powerful camera, low cost, impressive delineation results
1	Pros: Easy to use, Picture quality excellent on all resolutions (superfine, fine, and basic)
1	Pros: Easy to utilization, depict quality excellent on all resolutions (superfine, fine, and basic)
1	Price, large LCD, Easy operation
1	Price, large LCD, loose operation
1	Speed and features.
1	fastness and features.
0	only supports up to 8mb.
0	only defend up to 8mb.
0	no zoom
0	no soar
1	free gift from gateway
1	spare gift from gateway
1	Great performance, nice features, great headset, easy to use, takes decent pictures.
1	Great performance, overnice features, great headset, easy to use, takes nice pictures.
0	NONE
0	none
0	Slow print, Average Quality
0	obtuse print, Average Quality
0	price can be high
0	price can be luxuriously
0	EVF hard to see through in dim light.
0	EVF knockout to see through in dim light.
1	Color screen, MOTO features
1	colourise screen, MOTO features
1	Very simple to use, nice small size.
1	Very simple to exercise, nice small size.
1	Fantastic all around printer - great graphics, photos and text.
1	Fantastic all around printer - cracking graphics, photos and text.
1	Get overall camera
1	obtain overall camera
0	Battery Life, Serial Connection, No Optical Zoom
0	Battery living, Serial Connection, No Optical Zoom
0	I didn't find this printer sooner
0	I didn't determine this printer sooner
0	A little bigger than what most people would be into, but no big deal.
0	A little bounteous than what most people would be into, but no magnanimous deal.
1	WOW!!! This does everything and WELL. I freed up about 3 sq.ft. of counter space.
1	WOW!!! This does everything and WELL. ane freed up about triad sq.ft. of sideboard space.
1	Easy to setup. Excellent print quality. Good scan quality.
1	Easy to setup. Excellent print quality. Good scan prize.
1	Looks great! Lots of features!
1	Looks heavy! Lots of features!
0	Price, Ink Cartridges are more expensive
0	Price, Ink pickup are more expensive
0	Short battery life.
0	Short battery living.
0	Toners are expensive (aren't they all, though?)
0	toner are expensive (aren't they all, though?)
0	Battery life, picture resolution, lighting problems, sturdiness of camera
0	Battery life, movie resolution, lighting problems, sturdiness of camera
0	Everything.
0	Everything.
0	A lot of programing bugs. Tones a very quiet.
0	A plenty of programing bugs. Tones a very quiet.
0	phonebook not alphabetical, switches to easily to analog in solid digital areas
0	phonebook not alphabetical, tack to easily to analog in self-coloured digital areas
0	Finding accessories difficult
0	notice accessories difficult
0	Reception poor at times, no internet access
0	Reception poor at multiplication, no internet access
1	see above
1	catch above
1	Can't tell whether the photo is from Target or from the C62.
1	Can't order whether the picture is from Target or from the C62.
1	Memory
1	retentivity
0	Beginners beware! Menus confusing compared to other brands. Shutter lag.
0	novice beware! Menus confusing compared to other brands. Shutter retardation.
0	Heavy use of Viewing screen will eat up batteries.
0	Heavy habituate of Viewing screen will eat up batteries.
1	Large color screen; polyphonic ring tones; TETRIS!!
1	Large color screen; polyphonic ring spirit; TETRIS!!
1	Durability, size, menus
1	Durability, size, carte
1	Almost everything
1	near everything
0	It can be a bit quirky, Mine malfunctioned.
0	It can be a piece quirky, Mine malfunctioned.
1	Most feature-packed and aesthetically-pleasing phone for lowest price, with great call clarity.
1	nigh feature-packed and aesthetically-pleasing phone for lowest price, with great call uncloudedness.
0	no RAW, small LCD, no "aidlamp" for the autofocus, too complex menus
0	no unsanded, diminished LCD, no "aidlamp" for the autofocus, too complex menus
1	Tiny, very capable, good conversation piece, good reception/sound, no probs w/ the small keys
1	Tiny, very capable, effective conversation piece, upright reception/sound, no probs w/ the small Key
0	Cartridge system, flimsy design.
0	Cartridge system, unconvincing design.
0	Connection Problems
0	joining Problems
0	cartridges ran out quick
0	cartridges execute out quick
0	Special Hands Free Device
0	Special Hands costless Device
0	N/A
0	nitrogen/A
0	noisy when you turn it on, but oh well...
0	noisy when you turn it on, but oh swell...
1	quiet, male voice signals when printing, scans, copies, faxes, 
1	quiet, male voice signals when printing, scans, copy, faxes, 
1	Sturdy, dependable, decent battery life
1	Sturdy, dependable, decent battery aliveness
0	Bad scanning capability
0	Bad read capability
1	PRICE,FEATURES AVAILABLE, SIZE,
1	PRICE,FEATURES usable, SIZE,
1	Quality printing
1	calibre printing
1	Quality images, easy of use
1	Quality images, easy of manipulation
0	minor
0	shaver
1	nice features, good shots
1	nice features, upright shots
1	Everything!  You will not believe the quality!
1	Everything!  You will not believe the select!
1	Reliable, Clear, Easy to use
1	Reliable, Clear, easy to use
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to usance
0	No audio in movie mode, no optical zoom, rather large, difficult to press "select" button
0	No audio in movie manner, no optical zoom, rather large, difficult to press "quality" release
0	Can have a few glitches
0	Can have a few glitch
1	Fast Printing,Some Cool gadgets for those who need them, low cost ink
1	Fast Printing,Some sang-froid gadget for those who need them, low cost ink
0	Limit of 11 characters for phone book entry list display.
0	Limit of 11 characters for phone book entree leaning display.
0	Hard to find a cover. All the covers are a snap on plastic.
0	Hard to find a cover. whole the underwrite are a snap on plastic.
1	Very nice print quality, compact design
1	really nice print quality, compact design
1	none
1	none
0	It's a toy digital camera.
0	It's a diddle digital camera.
1	Great picture quality, good price
1	Great fancy quality, good price
0	Battrey time short; F-stop not controbable; memory available is limited to 16mg.
0	Battrey sentence short; F-stop not controbable; retention available is limited to 16mg.
0	None that I know of
0	None that I jazz of
0	Gobbles up paper, shreds, and spits
0	Gobbles up paper, shreds, and spit
1	Many great deals for this phone
1	Many great stack for this phone
0	Slower than average speeds, and the ink will cost you more than the competition.
0	Slower than mean speeding, and the ink will cost you more than the competition.
1	Great internal LCD; bright and colorful Easy-to-use menus
1	Great inner LCD; bright and colorful Easy-to-use menus
0	Time Ticks Off When You First Start Dialing, NOT at Pickup; Setup Takes Patience
0	Time Ticks Off When You First begin Dialing, NOT at Pickup; Setup issue Patience
0	Dirt builds up on sensor, image buffer too small.
0	filth builds up on sensor, image buffer too small.
0	Everything else, way behind Samsung.
0	Everything else, way seat Samsung.
1	Crisp, clear images, lightweight, compact. Loads of features. Records short movies. 2 megapixels
1	Crisp, vindicated images, lightweight, compact. Loads of features. disc short movies. 2 megapixels
0	battery life limited
0	battery life throttle
0	Delicate, don't drop or let water get in contact with it
0	Delicate, don't sink or let water get in reach with it
1	great color and fast printing
1	cracking color and fast printing
0	Delayed Shutter Response
0	Delayed Shutter reaction
1	never breaks
1	never breach
1	Great color; resolution; quiet performance; speed; duplexing; HP quality
1	Great color; resolution; quiet performance; hurry; duplexing; HP quality
0	Buttons on the side hit accidentally make loud noise if sound is on.
0	Buttons on the side tally accidentally induce loud noise if sound is on.
1	price, flash, easy to use
1	price, flash, easy to employment
0	battery needs frequent charging
0	battery needs frequent commove
1	ease of use, daylight photo quality
1	ease of use, daytime photo quality
0	Electronics
0	electronics
1	good reception, plenty of features
1	goodness reception, plenty of features
1	T9 predictive text, blue LED backlighting, cheap
1	T9 predictive text, down LED backlighting, cheap
1	Quick Printing, Easy Set up, Great on screen help
1	Quick Printing, Easy Set up, Great on screen facilitate
1	Quality of print, ease of use
1	timbre of print, ease of use
1	Beautiful photos all the time
1	beautiful photos all the time
0	Short battery life, no A/C adapter included
0	Short battery sprightliness, no A/C adapter included
0	A little on the larger side compared with many new phones
0	A picayune on the larger incline compared with many new phones
1	Everything the V120C has plus more.  Snub antenna won't break!
1	Everything the V120C has asset more.  Snub antenna won't collapse!
0	USB install must be done in sequence, not plug and play 
0	USB establish must be done in sequence, not plug and recreate 
0	Serial downloads very slow, short alkaline battery life, manual focus system inadequate.
0	series downloads very slow, short alkaline battery aliveness, manual focus system inadequate.
1	Excellent print quality
1	Excellent print caliber
1	Crystal Clear LCD, Decent battery life, AWESOME pics, affordable, ergonomic
1	Crystal clear LCD, Decent battery life, AWESOME picture, affordable, ergonomic
1	An inexpensive printer, comes with 2 cartridges. Nice program. 
1	An inexpensive printer, come with 2 cartridges. Nice program. 
0	battery life, motion, x2 zoom
0	battery animation, motion, x2 zoom
1	Small size
1	diminished size
0	Oddly large antenna, it gets in the way
0	Oddly large antenna, it scram in the way
1	GREAT PICTURES. THEY ARE SO CLEAR. 
1	GREAT PICTURES. THEY ARE SO crystallise. 
0	Slightly fuzzy connections;  lengthy recharges
0	Slightly fuzzy connector;  lengthy recharges
0	Gets Hot When Talking on Phone, Hard-to-Find Accessories and Awkward Buttons
0	Gets live When verbalize on Phone, Hard-to-Find Accessories and Awkward Buttons
1	Ease of use, convenience of floppy storage, display, optical zoom, interface
1	easiness of habit, convenience of floppy storage, display, optical zoom, interface
0	Screen impossible to see outdoors.
0	Screen impossible to interpret outdoors.
0	Weak vibrate, sound quality!
0	Weak vibrate, heavy quality!
1	SOLID AS A ROCK, DROPPED OVER 30 TIMES, STILL WORKS PERFECTLY
1	SOLID AS A ROCK, drop OVER 30 TIMES, STILL function PERFECTLY
1	Price - ease of use - compatibility
1	Price - ease of consumption - compatibility
0	plain design
0	plain purpose
1	Lightweight, durable, plush fabric, smooth suspension; reversible handle bar; fully reclining seat
1	Lightweight, durable, plush fabric, smooth suspension; reversible handle bar; amply reclining bum
0	No manual features.  AC power supply is an option that should have been included.
0	No manual features.  Ac power issue is an option that should have been included.
1	Great design, easy to hold, great screen, great reception
1	Great design, easy to guard, great screen, great reception
1	Good Pictures, Flash, Software Photo Suite 4, Compact, Easy to Use
1	thoroughly Pictures, ostentate, Software Photo Suite 4, Compact, Easy to Use
1	Has lasted well for four years without service
1	receive lasted well for four years without service
0	none
0	none
0	The hinge brakes after 6 months of moderate use. Obviously, there's a design flaw.
0	The hinge brakes after 6 months of temper use. Obviously, there's a design blemish.
0	Extremely fragile.  I had a DOA already.  No Flash, sometimes blurry pictures.
0	Extremely fragile.  I had a DOA already.  No twinkling, sometimes foggy pictures.
0	Definitely requires the manual for some features; rechargeable batteries recommended.
0	Definitely require the manual for some have; rechargeable batteries recommended.
1	Easy to use, No cable connections needed
1	easy to use, No cable connections needed
0	Decent Battery Life, Number Pad
0	Decent Battery Life, Number tablet
1	Great Reception.
1	corking Reception.
1	Great picture quality. 3" CD-R/RW media. Auto and Manual settings. MPEG movies with sound.
1	Great depiction character. deuce-ace" CD-R/RW media. Auto and Manual settings. MPEG movies with sound.
0	Expensive ink cartridges
0	Expensive ink pickup
1	Stylish, Enclosed keypad, mic close to voice, Lith. Battery
1	Stylish, Enclosed keypad, mic close to interpreter, Lith. Battery
0	Needs Duracell Ultra batteries, slow PC uploads
0	Needs Duracell Ultra batteries, slow PC upload
1	Great idea: a Phone and PDA in one; no major problems
1	majuscule idea: a sound and PDA in one; no major problems
0	No durability, poor reception, do not last more than a year.
0	No durability, poor receipt, do not survive more than a year.
0	Must be technologically literate!
0	must be technologically literate!
1	Nice features
1	Nice have
1	Fast printing, decent text output
1	profligate printing, decent text output
0	Malfunctions Easily (see documented cases below)
0	Malfunctions Easily (see documented typeface below)
1	Sleek look and feel, large screen, great sound
1	Sleek look and feel, large screen, bully sound
0	back heavy, tips far too easily
0	back heavy, bakshish far too easily
0	Needs extra memory for hi res photos
0	penury extra memory for hi res photos
0	Difficult to adjust to low light settings.
0	Difficult to adjust to low unclouded settings.
1	Customization.
1	Customization.
1	Battery life, camera, clarity, memory slot
1	Battery life, camera, clarity, storage slot
0	Way too LOUD.
0	room too LOUD.
0	No-frills; slim shape might take getting used to
0	No-frills; slim shape might ask getting used to
1	Great quality print and graphics
1	Great timber print and graphics
0	Takes awhile to learn all of the controls but once you do, WOW!
0	need awhile to learn all of the ascertain but once you do, WOW!
0	none
0	none
0	Printing Speed is a little bit slower than a Laser Printer
0	Printing Speed is a small bit tiresome than a Laser Printer
0	It is cheap.
0	It is tatty.
1	Convenience of one machine, inexpensive cartridge replacement.
1	Convenience of single machine, inexpensive cartridge replacement.
0	It is a little slower than I would like it to be
0	IT is a little slower than I would ilk it to be
0	No legrest, basket hard to get to when seat fully reclined.
0	No legrest, basket surd to stupefy to when seat fully reclined.
1	customizable, Portable, durable
1	customizable, Portable, long-lasting
1	Excellent quality, fun to use, powerful
1	Excellent lineament, fun to use, powerful
0	handle on carrier
0	hold on carrier
0	Freezes once in a while, not many new features.
0	Freezes once in a while, not many new boast.
1	Affordable printer that produces exceptional quality every time.
1	Affordable printer that produces prodigious quality every time.
1	Small compact
1	modest compact
0	Not many accessaries available, dependant on services provided by wireless service, attractive to theives.
0	Not many accessaries available, dependant on help render by wireless service, attractive to theives.
0	Rotten manual; horrible built-in ringtones; stiff power button
0	Rotten manual; horrible built-in ringtones; smashed power button
1	Free.  That's it.
1	gratis.  That's it.
1	Nothing spectacular - just another phone
1	Nothing striking - just another phone
1	A great phone with a camera and MP3 player!
1	A great phone with a camera and MP3 musician!
0	Ringer not loud enough, camera a joke and customer service practically non existent.
0	Ringer not meretricious enough, camera a antic and customer service practically non existent.
0	Endless paper jams
0	Endless paper pack
1	High quality images, easy to use, point-and-shoot form factor
1	High quality images, easy to role, point-and-shoot form factor
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	expert than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	Good reception, Excellent battery life, well designed
1	Good reception, Excellent battery liveliness, well designed
1	Size, IR capabilities, Call clarity, More than enough memory
1	Size, IR capabilities, scream clarity, More than enough memory
1	None
1	none
1	Handles like a 35mm,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Control flexibility/layout,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Histogram&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Rechargeable batteries,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Memory stick/card flexibility&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	plow like a 35mm,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;insure flexibility/layout,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Histogram&amp;#13;&amp;#ten;Rechargeable batteries,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;retentiveness joint/card flexibility&amp;#13;&amp;#x;
1	It only fails when I turn it on.
1	It only fails when I grow it on.
0	Short battery life, extra cost for many features
0	Short battery liveliness, extra cost for many features
0	Not the best picture quality, limited storage on high res.
0	Not the best picture tone, limited depot on high res.
0	Bulky.  Cost.
0	bulky.  Cost.
0	Olympus' "stinginess" in included extras, included manual not up to expectations
0	Olympus' "stinginess" in admit extras, included manual not up to prospect
0	needs more ringer tunes
0	needs more clone tunes
0	Battery life, no image editing software
0	Battery life, no figure editing software
0	Takes ages to boot up. Large. Very large.
0	deal ages to boot up. Large. Very large.
1	professional standard photos for the web
1	professional touchstone photos for the web
1	compact and reasonable pictures
1	thick and reasonable pictures
1	Lexus of Mobile Phones
1	Lexus of roving Phones
0	no sound when the shutter is released
0	no legal when the shutter is released
0	none
0	none
0	Okay, so it only has 100 numbers, a few games, and a dozen rings
0	Okay, so it only has 100 numeral, a few games, and a dozen telephone
1	Easy to Use. Great for limited home use.
1	Easy to exercise. Great for limited home use.
0	paper jams sometimes and expensive cartridges
0	paper wad sometimes and expensive cartridges
1	style, many cool features
1	style, many cool have
1	Cost-low
1	Cost-low
0	For certains too bulky...more stable for me.
0	For certains too bulky...more static for me.
1	Easy, zoom lens, no computer hookup,
1	comfortable, zoom lens, no computer hookup,
0	Expensive cartridges-use refill ink
0	expensive cartridges-use refill ink
0	Li-Ion 650 mAh battery, some menus and options (or the lack of them).
0	Li-Ion 650 mAh battery, some menus and pick (or the deficiency of them).
0	It is sort of big and awkward and can sometimes be hard to set up.
0	IT is sort of big and awkward and can sometimes be grueling to Seth up.
1	Loaded with features, and the battery lasts forever.
1	cockeyed with features, and the battery lasts forever.
1	Not bad quality for an older printer.
1	Not bad lineament for an older printer.
1	IR port, looks cool, analog clock on face plate
1	IR embrasure, looks cool, analog clock on face plate
0	Some problems with network printing, Photo paper hard to find
0	Some problems with meshwork printing, Photo paper voiceless to find
1	excellent, photo quality, reasonable price, setup is flawless, ink is cheap at COSTCO
1	excellent, photo quality, reasonable price, apparatus is flawless, ink is punk at COSTCO
1	Moveable/rotating LCD, Nice looking,picture editing in camera, price.
1	Moveable/rotating LCD, overnice looking,ikon editing in camera, price.
1	Good quality, many reclining positions
1	Good quality, many reclining berth
0	none
0	none
0	Expensive, no holographic display, average battery-life, takes getting used to the small size.
0	Expensive, no holographic display, average battery-life, payoff fetch used to the small size.
0	Camera is unacceptable, breaks easily -A NIGHTMARE. Company horrible to work with. 
0	Camera is unaccepted, breakage easily -A NIGHTMARE. Company horrible to work with. 
1	Print quality, speed
1	Print quality, speeding
1	Cheap.
1	chinchy.
1	External Caller ID, Polyphonic Ringers, Customizable Ringers and backgrounds, Charging Time, Vibrate Alert
1	External caller ID, Polyphonic Ringers, Customizable Ringers and backgrounds, point Time, Vibrate Alert
1	Decent printing, cartridges last well
1	Decent printing, cartridges last considerably
0	Call waiting feature, smallish buttons.
0	prognosticate waiting feature, smallish buttons.
0	Recharging required often; finding accessories
0	Recharging required often; witness accessories
1	Take over a 100 pics and easy to carry around. 
1	Take over a 100 film and well-fixed to carry around. 
0	Price
0	toll
0	USB communication problem, more related to my computer than the camera.
0	USB communication problem, more refer to my figurer than the camera.
0	Hard to tell when you are out of ink. 
0	Hard to say when you are out of ink. 
1	lightweight and compact, sturdy construction and comfortable
1	jackanapes and compact, sturdy construction and comfortable
1	Easy to use
1	promiscuous to use
0	Talk/Standby time less than optimal
0	speak/Standby time less than optimal
0	8x10 printed slooooooow
0	8x10 print slooooooow
0	A little bulky and a little heavy
0	A niggling bulky and a little heavy
0	Battery life is decent at best. Phones width is annoying.
0	Battery life is properly at practiced. Phones width is annoying.
0	Dust goes into the eyepiece and dark assist light.
0	Dust goes into the eyepiece and dark assistance light.
0	My thumb keeps pushing the battery latch open and buttons are flimsy
0	My ovolo keeps pushing the battery latch loose and buttons are flimsy
1	Small and compact.
1	diminished and compact.
0	Seems to clean the heads before nearly every print job; dirty text printing.
0	Seems to clean the channelise before most every print job; dirty text printing.
0	No speakerphone, no camera (but it's not a camera phone!)
0	no speakerphone, no camera (but it's not a camera telephone!)
1	Nice cloth, corners like a charm, compacts well, nice BIG baskets!!
1	Nice cloth, box like a charm, compacts swell, nice BIG baskets!!
1	Super printer
1	exceedingly printer
0	none
0	none
1	Very, Very fast for documents.  Great quality for photos.
1	Very, Very fast for documents.  bully quality for photos.
1	Very light and good reception
1	Very clean and good reception
1	qwerty keyboard and text messaging
1	qwerty keyboard and schoolbook messaging
1	Inexpensive, Good Black and White Print Quality, Ok Color Printing Quality
1	Inexpensive, Good Black and White Print Quality, OK colorize Printing Quality
0	Non-scratch resistant display, antenna is too BIG (out of place), flip is not sturdy.
0	Non-scratch resistant display, feeler is too BIG (out of place), snotty-nosed is not sturdy.
1	Optical zoom, interchangeable memory, easy to program, adequate adjustments, USB cable, affordable
1	optic zoom, interchangeable memory, well-off to program, adequate adjustments, USB cable, affordable
0	Some minor driver issues in windows XP and expensive cartridges.
0	Some pocket-sized driver number in windows XP and expensive cartridges.
1	small; lightweight; decent screen
1	small; lightweight; becoming screen
0	Lacks some important features, Add-ons Add up in price
0	Lacks some important features, Add-ons ADHD up in price
1	Feature packed printer for the price.
1	Feature packed pressman for the price.
0	very short battery life
0	very little battery life
0	16MB, non-expandable memory; 0.3 Megapixels on the camera; No full version games.
0	16MB, non-expandable memory; 0.3 Megapixels on the camera; No full variant biz.
0	Economy Printout not good.
0	Economy Printout not well.
1	Small and convenient to use
1	minuscule and convenient to use
1	Total zoom, simple interface
1	Total zoom, simpleton interface
0	Instruction Manual, difficult to learn.  
0	Instruction Manual, difficult to see.  
0	Image quality after 10ft goes WAY down.  White balance is not too good.
0	Image quality after 10ft proceed manner down.  White balance is not too good.
1	Price, easy to use, good quality pictures
1	Price, easy to use, thoroughly quality pictures
1	Compact size, Lots of neat features including iR communication with PDA's and Notebooks
1	Compact sizing, Lots of straight features including iR communication with PDA's and Notebooks
1	Small, nice features, good quality
1	Small, nice features, practiced quality
1	Awesome pictures, ease of use and wonderful features.
1	Awesome pictures, ease of use and fantastic features.
0	none
0	none
0	no zoom, small memory card
0	no zoom, small memory poster
0	Just not a great printer
0	fair not a great printer
1	Speed, great outdoor pictures.
1	Speed, great outdoor ikon.
0	ink is slow compared to laser
0	ink is dumb compared to laser
1	Connectivity thru Bluetooth/Infrared; Elegant, sexy design; Battery life; Signal strenth and call volume; Pretty.
1	Connectivity thru Bluetooth/Infrared; Elegant, aphrodisiac figure; Battery life; bespeak strenth and call volume; Pretty.
1	compact, sturdy, small, can take movies
1	compact, sturdy, minor, can take movies
0	Minor Software Glitch, Potentially Confusing Menu
0	Minor Software Glitch, Potentially confusing Menu
0	2 units went belly-up over a 13 month period.
0	2 units went bankrupt over a 13 month period.
0	Noisy Turning on and off.
0	Noisy reverse on and off.
0	Pics can sometimes be a bit yellowish
0	flick can sometimes be a bit yellowish
0	Black and white.
0	black and white.
0	to many clicks to get to browse the phone book
0	to many clink to get to browse the phone script
1	Easy and reliable
1	leisurely and reliable
1	Light weight, flight attendants are impressed with its ease of use 
1	idle weight, flight attendants are impressed with its easiness of use 
0	Battery sucks
0	bombardment sucks
1	Price is definitely right!
1	Price is definitely compensate!
0	Jams, flimsy design, no power switch
0	Jams, tenuous design, no power switch
1	Simple design and easy to use, usb, widely available, useful software, many optional accessories
1	Simple pattern and well-fixed to use, usb, widely available, useful software, many optional accessories
1	Great printer, scanner and fax
1	enceinte printer, scanner and fax
0	None
0	none
0	Video does not have sound
0	Video does not have effectual
1	Sleek, easy to use, MP3 capable, 1.3 megapixel camera, clear calls/sounds, long battery life.
1	Sleek, easily to use, MP3 capable, 1.3 megapixel camera, clean-cut anticipate/sounds, long battery life.
0	Battery &amp; software management are not as good newer models
0	Battery &amp; software management are not as dependable newer exemplar
1	Easy to transfer pictures to your computer; requires no software or external cables
1	Easy to transfer icon to your computer; requires no package or external cables
0	It is a single band phone ( problems with its range)
0	It is a single circle phone ( problems with its stray)
0	expensive non-standard accessories, battery life, signal strength, steep learning curve.
0	expensive non-standard accessories, battery life, signalise strength, steep learning curvature.
1	Best small phone since the Nokia 262!
1	ripe small phone since the Nokia 262!
0	Hard to find in stores and the shoulder straps are a little loose
0	Hard to find in depot and the shoulder whip are a little loose
1	Great Features, Performance, Upgradable
1	expectant Features, Performance, Upgradable
1	Great resolution, fairly easy to use, high picture capacity
1	enceinte resolution, fairly easy to use, high picture capacity
0	Needs TLC and a great deal of prayer to work at all. 
0	Needs TLC and a expectant deal of supplicant to work at all. 
1	You don't need the software to use this printer
1	You don't need the software to employ this printer
0	I'll let you know....
0	I'll let you screw....
0	Took a little longer to install
0	Took a little retentive to install
0	short battery life, but quickly recharges
0	short battery life, but speedily recharges
0	Will probably be obselete soon :(
0	bequeath probably be obselete soon :(
0	accessories are hard to find.
0	accessories are concentrated to find.
0	hmmmm- still thinkin'
0	hmmmm- allay thinkin'
1	compatible
1	compatible
1	Easy to use, great photo quality
1	Easy to use, great photo timbre
0	Application Limited
0	Application circumscribed
1	SMALL, BATTERY LIFE, GAMES, CALCULATOR, FRONT SCREEN
1	SMALL, BATTERY LIFE, GAMES, CALCULATOR, FRONT shield
0	Battery life overstated (though now has 900mAH battery); They eliminated the security lock.
0	Battery liveliness overstated (though now has 900mAH battery); They eliminated the security curl.
0	no zoom
0	no soar
0	None
0	none
1	Good picture quality
1	Good characterization quality
0	A little slow to shoot
0	A short slow to shoot
0	heavy
0	wakeless
0	need to clean print head occasionally
0	need to clean print foreland occasionally
1	size   weight  features   call clarity
1	size   weight  features   forebode clarity
1	quick printer, good quality
1	quick printer, proficient quality
1	Good picture quality, inexpensive
1	Good flick quality, inexpensive
1	6x precise zooming,good value for money,37mm thread for lenses etc.
1	6x precise zooming,good prize for money,37mm wind for lenses etc.
1	It prints beautiful borderless photos up to 13 x 19 inches!
1	It publish beautiful borderless photos up to 13 tenner 19 inches!
0	Unattached lens cap
0	Unattached lens crown
1	It is fast, easy to install and use, compact.  
1	It is fast, prosperous to install and use, compact.  
1	Excellent high resolution photos with 35mm camera functions
1	Excellent high resolution photos with 35mm camera operate
1	easy to use, great camera for price
1	easy to use, great camera for toll
1	Color display, web-enabled, voice-dialing.
1	Color showing, web-enabled, voice-dialing.
0	Copying isn't great Quality. , Set up kind of a pain.
0	Copying isn't great choice. , localize up kind of a pain.
1	Easy to use, good photo quality, small in size
1	Easy to use, good photo timber, small in size
0	Low key pad noise and fragile antenna.
0	low key pad noise and fragile antenna.
0	Not too fast
0	Not too loyal
1	4MP, Large LCD, Digital Zoom, Flash Options, Movie Options
1	4MP, Large LCD, Digital Zoom, Flash choice, Movie Options
1	works great, like any digital camera
1	works big, like any digital camera
0	prints only one sheet at at time.
0	prints only one plane at at time.
1	Small size, no flip cover to break, no antenna to snap, good battery life
1	Small size, no flip treat to break, no antenna to snap, effective battery life
1	Durability, low-cost.
1	strength, low-cost.
0	Not good for moving objects
0	Not honest for moving objects
1	Low Price, Connections, Hands Free, Caller ID
1	depression Price, Connections, Hands Free, Caller ID
0	yes
0	yes
0	mediocre color printing
0	middling color printing
0	Obsolete?
0	disused?
0	Software instructions difficult to understand and implement
0	Software instructions difficult to see and implement
0	A bit bigger than my last inkjet, see review for dimensions
0	A bit grownup than my last inkjet, control review for dimensions
0	a little noisy in colour print mode
0	a little noisy in colour print style
0	none we have found
0	none we have discover
1	Great price, good features for the money.
1	slap-up price, good features for the money.
1	Great screen, small formfactor (almost like RAZR), good menus, fast T9, AIM/Yahoo IM/ICQ, solidly built
1	peachy screen, small formfactor (almost like RAZR), good menus, fast T9, drive/yokel IM/ICQ, solidly built
1	great photos. zoom. easy use.
1	neat photos. zoom. easy use.
1	easy to use
1	leisurely to use
1	Looks awesome, thin, small and lightweight, great reception
1	Looks awesome, thin, diminished and lightweight, great reception
1	Great photo print quality, Reliable, Compact, Easy to use and set up
1	Great pic print quality, Reliable, bundle, Easy to use and set up
1	Prints excellent photo quality pictures.
1	Prints excellent photo quality characterisation.
1	good quality pictures, easy to use
1	sound quality pictures, easy to use
1	price, speed
1	price, accelerate
0	Camera is small and must be held steady when shooting photo.
0	Camera is little and must be deem steady when shooting photo.
0	Good things cost money
0	Good affair cost money
1	Great print quality, fast printing, 2880 dpi printing, reasonable price.
1	peachy print quality, fast printing, 2880 dpi printing, reasonable Price.
1	Excellent quality pictures, movie mode, size of a credit card, width of a quarter.
1	Excellent caliber pictures, movie mode, size of a credit board, width of a quarter.
0	no lens cover
0	no lens report
0	Poor build quality
0	pathetic build quality
1	fast, sharp printing
1	fast, discriminating printing
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Reliable, comfy size, decipherable sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Durable; compact; good, clean quality pics.
1	Durable; compact; good, blank quality pics.
0	weight
0	angle
0	Battery Life, no belt clip, some dropped calls and phone freezes once in blue moon.
0	Battery Life, no belt curtail, some unload address and phone freezes once in blue moon.
1	Small, Easy to use, takes great pictures!  Battery charging is easy
1	Small, Easy to use, takes corking pictures!  Battery buck is easy
1	Tri mode capbilty so coverage is great, good quality phone
1	Tri mode capbilty so coverage is outstanding, good quality ring
1	USB, electronic features
1	USB, electronic boast
0	Poor Reception, Antenna Bends Easily, Terrible Battery Life
0	Poor Reception, Antenna Bends Easily, fearful Battery Life
0	Antenna is on the weak side
0	Antenna is on the infirm side
0	none
0	none
1	Big basket, large wheels, not much else.
1	giving basket, large wheels, not much else.
0	Won't do everything
0	Won't do everything
0	No infra-red. No icons to play around like nokias. Not that stylish
0	No infra-red. No icons to roleplay around comparable nokias. Not that stylish
1	awasome cell phone.two way.
1	awasome cell phone.two path.
0	Weak Battery, Static near speakers
0	debile Battery, Static near speakers
1	Size, Style, Vibrate mode, Battery life
1	Size, panache, Vibrate mode, Battery life
0	none as of yet
0	none as of nonetheless
1	Call quality, Signal strength, outlook sync
1	visit quality, Signal strength, outlook sync
0	awful reception, battery life is terrible, menus are unintuitive
0	awful receipt, battery life is terrible, menus are unintuitive
0	battery life when using LCD
0	battery lifetime when using LCD
1	Prints out pictures well.
1	Prints out envision well.
1	easy access phone book
1	easy access phone Word
1	AFFORDABLE!!! separate color cartridges
1	AFFORDABLE!!! severalize color cartridges
1	Sound quality, lightweight, color screen
1	Sound quality, lightweight, color sort
1	Sharp images, high quality finish, good price
1	Sharp images, high quality finish, practiced price
1	Great Picture Quality and Easy to use
1	cracking Picture Quality and Easy to use
0	All accessories have to be purchased separate
0	totally accessories have to be purchased separate
1	Just about Everything!
1	merely about Everything!
1	Portability: can easily slip it in a pocket
1	Portability: can easily gaucherie it in a pocket
0	Phone is expensive without purchase of a phone plan
0	telephone is expensive without purchase of a phone plan
0	None
0	none
0	No lcd backlight, low light focusing tough, 16mb flash card as standard
0	No lcd backlight, low igniter focusing tough, 16mb flash wag as standard
0	batteries,4 mb mediacard, usb connection
0	batteries,quatern mb mediacard, usb connection
0	no viewfinder, not highest resolution, bulky
0	no viewfinder, not highest solvent, bulky
1	Excellent price and great quality
1	Excellent price and expectant quality
1	Quality of output
1	character of output
0	Can be a bit tough to set up.
0	Can be a bit yob to set up.
1	Good Zoom, Sturdy access Doors, Size, Ease of Use
1	soundly Zoom, Sturdy access Doors, Size, Ease of Use
0	Not as much storage as a comparable camera with internal/removable memory card.
0	Not as much storehouse as a comparable camera with internal/removable memory tease.
1	Excellent quality, value, &amp; price. NOT loud.
1	Excellent quality, value, &amp; damage. NOT loud.
0	Not very user friendly, not very durable.
0	not very user friendly, not very durable.
1	Intuitive button menus, t9Word text software, 2 big beautiful color screens, camera with flash
1	Intuitive button menus, t9Word text software, 2 self-aggrandizing beautiful color screens, camera with gimcrack
1	HL 1440 has fast print speed 15p, great quality text,small footfrint.
1	HL 1440 has degraded print rush 15p, great quality text,small footfrint.
1	FREE!!
1	release!!
0	Low quality, not for taking important pictures.
0	Low quality, not for accept important pictures.
1	nice size, nice color screen, good reception
1	nice size, nice color screen, well reception
1	Converts from traditional "baby carriage" to stroller, full boot for winter, very plush
1	Converts from traditional "baby carriage" to pram, full thrill for winter, very plush
1	EASY TO USE!!  Very great selection of features, quality and price!  ACCESSORIES!
1	EASY TO USE!!  Very smashing selection of features, quality and price!  accessory!
0	navigating thru the menus is slow
0	navigating thru the menus is slacken
0	Slow focus, poor focus doesn't match resolution, lens hood in the way.
0	Slow focalise, poor focus doesn't match solvent, lens hood in the way.
0	Takes a little getting used to -&gt; but don't all phones?
0	train a little acquire used to -&gt; but don't all phones?
1	Lightweight, Easy, Carl Zeiss, Image Quality, and Design.
1	Lightweight, Easy, Carl Zeiss, epitome Quality, and Design.
0	Multiple phone numbers require multiple entires in phone book.
0	Multiple earphone numbers require multiple entires in phone book.
0	"So So" image quality for video conference, Stand isn't practical
0	"So So" persona quality for video conference, Stand isn't hardheaded
0	Its Crap - Disfunctional, bad design, incompatable, terrible print quality
0	Its Crap - Disfunctional, bad intention, incompatable, terrible print quality
0	no instructions
0	no teaching
0	Takes too long between photos.  Better outdoors than indoors.
0	Takes too long between photos.  unspoilt outdoors than indoors.
0	Not convenient or well-designed enough for it's expensive pricetag
0	not convenient or well-designed enough for it's expensive pricetag
1	PRICE BREAK because the Pro70 is not cutting edge. Microdrive ready.
1	cost BREAK because the Pro70 is not cut edge. Microdrive ready.
0	HORRIBLE customer service, slow transfer time, heavy, a couple flimsy parts
0	HORRIBLE customer service, ho-hum transfer time, heavy, a couple flimsy section
0	Serious design defect with battery, too quiet, menus are slow
0	Serious design defect with battery, too quiet, menu are boring
0	Unable to download wallpaper.
0	ineffectual to download wallpaper.
1	Quiet, black and white printing very fast
1	Quiet, black and whiten printing very fast
0	Not enough reclining positions
0	not enough reclining positions
1	easy gliding,folds to fit places,has a carseat handy
1	easily gliding,folds to fit site,has a carseat handy
0	Initial memory and charger inadequate, no sound, Pixela software unintelligible.
0	Initial memory and charger inadequate, no heavy, Pixela package unintelligible.
0	None in my opinion
0	None in my belief
1	Good price.  Text/color print is very good and fast.
1	Good price.  Text/color print is very soundly and degraded.
0	Expensive ink ($60 for both cartridges), Noisy, Cheap construction, Wastes ink
0	Expensive ink ($60 for both cartridges), Noisy, garish construction, neutralise ink
0	No USB connection
0	No USB connector
0	So-so plain paper text, ink tanks run out somewhat fast, clogged nozzles.
0	So-so plain paper text, ink tanks rill out somewhat fast, clog nozzles.
1	front swivel wheel, 5 point harness, lightweight, easy assembly
1	front swivel wheel, 5 point harness, lightweight, loose assembly
0	top/rear feed tray overhang
0	top/parent feed tray overhang
1	Still looking
1	Still appear
0	Speakerphone difficult to use with background noise.
0	Speakerphone difficult to use with backdrop noise.
1	image quality nothing short of excellent, good battery life, neat features
1	image quality zip unretentive of excellent, good battery life, neat features
0	terrible quality
0	terrible calibre
1	Small size, price, hot shoe, accessories, more!
1	Small size, price, blistering shoe, accessories, more!
0	Very heavy.  Can't think of anything else.
0	Very heavy.  Can't guess of anything else.
1	Excellent  quality prints.  Easy operation. Price is right.
1	Excellent  timber prints.  Easy operation. Price is right.
1	it's a printer
1	it's a pressman
1	cheap, zoom, slim
1	punk, zoom, slim
0	No web support, short battery life
0	No web livelihood, short battery life
1	USB, Smart Media card expands storage and transfer options, pictures are crisp and clear
1	USB, ache Media card expands storage and transfer options, depict are crisp and clear
1	Price, quality, speed, size
1	Price, prime, speed, size
1	Prints fast and looks nice. Reasonably priced ink cartridges.
1	Prints fast and looks nice. Reasonably priced ink pickup.
0	Not a good selection of display settings
0	Not a soundly selection of display settings
0	Features for price, Proprietry connectors.
0	Features for price, Proprietry connector.
1	Dual band, easy to use
1	Dual band, well-heeled to use
0	Doesn't work worth a damn
0	Doesn't form worth a damn
1	Small, not bulky, light-weight, slim design, phone holster is easy to use, timers helpful
1	Small, not bulky, light-weight, slim figure, phone holster is easy to use, timekeeper helpful
1	Internal antenna, voice dialing, price, custom faceplates, durability, readily available accessories at local stores.
1	Internal antenna, voice dialing, price, custom faceplates, durability, readily uncommitted accessories at local store.
1	good-sized display, easy scroll bar, lightly and speaker phone
1	good-sized display, easy scroll bar, lightly and speaker earpiece
0	Not Acceptably Compatible with Windows NT or Windows 2000, Poor Battery Life, Poor LCD Display
0	Not Acceptably compatible with Windows NT or Windows 2000, Poor Battery life-time, pathetic LCD Display
0	People with larger fingers will have a bit of trouble accessing the flash card
0	People with expectant fingers will have a act of trouble accessing the flash card
1	Price, Good Quality pictures
1	Price, Good tone pictures
0	battery, battery, battery -- it will not last long, the rest will be fixed
0	battery, battery, battery -- it will not utmost long, the breathe will be fixed
0	A bit pricey
0	A bit dear
1	Small size, external LCD, nice design, voice dialing, cool features
1	Small size, external LCD, courteous design, voice dialing, cool lineament
1	Excellent color quality and photo detail.
1	Excellent color quality and photo contingent.
1	Incredible ISO rating, easy, cheap, lcd panel
1	Incredible ISO grade, easy, cheap, lcd panel
0	Low res LCD, Battery hungry, Long Boot up
0	Low res LCD, Battery hungry, Long rush up
0	None
0	none
1	Great Prints, Great Color
1	dandy Prints, Great Color
0	battery, probably standard AA batteries would make it more versatile
0	battery, probably standard AA barrage would realise it more versatile
0	Extremely Slow! 1/2 ppm color!
0	Extremely wearisome! 1/2 ppm color!
0	Hesitates when taking a photo, zoom in takes out detail.
0	Hesitates when conduct a photo, zoom in guide out detail.
0	Holding the camera steady for 5 seconds after taking picture, Not XP compatible
0	Holding the camera unshakable for 5 seconds after hold picture, Not XP compatible
0	slow
0	decelerate
1	Memory, price, battery charge life.
1	Memory, price, battery excite life.
1	Cheap, good printing quality, light, easy to install, quiet 
1	Cheap, good printing quality, light, easy to install, silence 
0	Accessing voice mail is bothersome, and there's a small selection of ring tones.
0	Accessing voice mail is bothersome, and there's a small option of skirt tones.
1	Excellent product and reliability
1	excellent product and reliability
1	Inexpensive, easy to set up and use, good color and resolution, and voice feedback.
1	Inexpensive, well-heeled to place up and use, good color and resolution, and voice feedback.
0	I'd still be waiting on pages to print if I'd done my thesis on this 
0	I'd tranquilize be await on pages to print if I'd dress my thesis on this 
0	At $199, still more than most are willing to pay
0	At $199, calm more than most are unforced to pay
0	low storage capacity
0	low-down storage capacity
0	It is HP
0	It is horsepower
0	Limited accessories included, lens cap, too many menus, Quicktime, inconsistent fill flash, poor software
0	Limited accessories include, lens crownwork, too many menus, Quicktime, inconsistent fill flash, poor software
1	Excellent photo quality.  Satisfactory battery life.  MPEG compatibility
1	Excellent photo quality.  Satisfactory battery lifespan.  MPEG compatibility
1	Smallest phone around. Great sound. Dual band. Voice dialing.
1	Smallest phone around. Great sound. Dual band. vox dialing.
0	Price. Canon should have included Microdrive
0	cost. Canon should have included Microdrive
0	I ran out f black ink after 3 months
0	I ran out f black ink after III months
1	Incredibly solid build. Easy interface. Good features for price.
1	Incredibly solid build. well-fixed interface. Good features for price.
0	Zoom is not that great
0	Zoom is not that big
1	Good print quality, consistent output, FAST, FAST, FAST.
1	Good print quality, consistent output, FAST, FAST, quick.
0	Speed
0	zip
0	f2.8 lens, Olympus should'va kept the f2 lens
0	f2.8 lens, Olympus should'va save the f2 lens
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
1	I charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  goodness keypad.
1	Solid build, excellent ergonomics, high pixel count, solid state CFII support, many available accessories, live image preview
1	upstanding build, excellent ergonomics, high pixel count, solid state CFII support, many usable accessory, live image preview
0	antenna suscepitble to breaking easily
0	antenna suscepitble to offend easily
0	Doesn't have an 'ignore call' feature
0	Doesn't have an 'snub call' feature
0	Battery hungry!
0	bombardment hungry!
0	Missing so many features
0	Missing so many boast
0	Bulky, no video camera, texting system
0	Bulky, no TV camera, texting system
0	cost of ink
0	toll of ink
1	Nice features
1	Nice boast
0	short battery life
0	unawares battery life
1	Compact, Portable, 1200 X 2400 dpi, Stand alone capable, quick print time
1	Compact, Portable, 1200 X 2400 dpi, Stand exclusively capable, warm print time
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
0	particular dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could track to very embarassing import, no sent to VM.
1	picture quality,price
1	picture lineament,price
1	Small, solid, well designed, 4mp, 3x zoom, excellent low-light, great pictures!
1	Small, solid, easily designed, 4mp, 3x zoom, excellent low-light, great characterization!
1	Reversible handlebar, big air filled shock absorbing wheels, and converts to carriage.
1	Reversible handlebar, big air filled floor absorbing wheels, and converts to stroller.
1	Inexspensive
1	Inexspensive
1	Funky, sexy, easy to use
1	Funky, sexy, tardily to use
0	Not many faceplates to choose from, Lots of glare in sun, hard to find accessories.
0	Not many faceplates to choose from, sight of glare in sun, concentrated to rule accessories.
1	Great pictures
1	Great movie
1	Nice and flashy 3.5&amp;quot; disk for film
1	Nice and flashy ternion.quint&amp;quot; disk for film
0	battery life
0	battery lifespan
0	For the pixel by pixel resolution still expensive investment
0	For the pixel by pixel settlement still expensive investment
1	fast in taking pictures,fast in reviewing pictures,fast in changing camera settings
1	fast in require image,fast in reviewing pictures,fast in changing camera settings
1	Compact size/weight
1	Compact size/weighting
0	Bigger than ink jet, noisier.
0	large than ink jet, noisier.
1	Looks like a cool phone (though in fact it's not!)
1	smell like a cool headphone (though in fact it's not!)
1	Great copies, Quiet, solid, reliable, good technical support.
1	Great replicate, Quiet, solid, reliable, good technical support.
0	~ bulky size
0	~ bulky sizing
1	price, clarity, features
1	price, clarity, boast
1	Fast printing, great quality
1	Fast printing, neat quality
1	loud, clear reception, flashy looks, cool camera and awesome features.
1	loud, clear reception, flashy looks, chill camera and awesome feature.
0	Needs a more powerful zoom
0	require a more powerful zoom
1	Multi color display, feature packed, small, light, sleek, signal excellent
1	Multi color display, feature packed, small, light, sleek, bespeak fantabulous
0	could use better zoom
0	could use safe zoom
1	Folds easily, reversible, smooth ride, great colors!
1	Folds easily, reversible, smooth ride, heavy colors!
1	small size, clarity
1	pocket-size size, clarity
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	cheap, reliable, easy to use
1	cheap, honest, easy to use
1	Cheap
1	sleazy
1	Inexpensive
1	cheap
0	High price, hard to travel with.
0	High price, intemperately to travel with.
1	Great pictures, standard JPEG pictures
1	great pictures, standard JPEG pictures
0	Poor Flash, No camera case
0	Poor brassy, No camera case
1	Great Price,Print,Speed
1	Great damage,Print,Speed
1	Very nice resolution and tones, fair price at $2500 good entry system for studio photography
1	Very nice resolution and feel, fair price at $2500 effective entry arrangement for studio photography
0	Not many visual features, Need higher capacity memory sticks for hi-res shots
0	Not many visual features, motivation higher capacity memory sticks for hi-res shaft
0	No 'off switch', slow processing (not printing) speed.
0	No 'off switch', retard processing (not printing) speed.
0	Cannot lock phone to prevent unauthorized use.
0	Cannot lock phone to prevent unauthorized manipulation.
0	reception was a little more troublesome than my old phone
0	reception was a trivial more troublesome than my sure-enough phone
0	A bit thick, cheap designed cradle
0	A bit duncish, cheap designed cradle
1	Great quality and even greater price!
1	slap-up quality and even greater price!
0	If you want to spend more, you can get more resolution and memory.
0	If you need to spend more, you can sire more resolution and memory.
1	Pros don't matter if it jams virtually every time. 
1	Pros don't matter if it pack virtually every time. 
1	Price, super fast text printing (not that is so great)
1	Price, super truehearted text printing (not that is so heavy)
0	Delayed reaction on button
0	Delayed reaction on clit
1	Takes good pictures
1	Takes ripe pictures
1	Reasonable size, great features, direct connect, "worldwide"
1	Reasonable size, great features, organise connect, "worldwide"
1	Good price-performance value., Everything included.
1	Good price-performance value., Everything include.
1	Solid construction. Able to switch handle to face child or child to face forward
1	Solid construction. Able to switch handle to boldness child or child to face ahead
1	great image quality, tons of features, easy to use
1	great image quality, tons of features, tardily to use
0	eats batteries for breakfast, must have rechargable ones
0	eat batteries for breakfast, must have rechargable ones
0	No paper tray
0	No composition tray
1	Sleek design, excellent color screen, nice ringtones, good organizer.
1	Sleek design, excellent color shield, nice ringtones, good organizer.
0	antenna close to head.
0	antenna close to caput.
1	Great print quality and speed, easy to setup and use
1	Great mark quality and speed, easy to setup and utilise
0	battery life (short term and long term), key lock, reception
0	battery life (short term and foresightful term), describe lock, reception
1	Design, display, keypad illumination, USB charger, integrated antenna.
1	designing, display, keypad illumination, USB charger, integrated antenna.
1	At least it didn't explode
1	At least it didn't irrupt
1	Inexpensive, easy set-up and use, prints color and black and white easily, not too big.
1	Inexpensive, easy set-up and function, prints color and black and whiteness easily, not too grown.
1	individual ink cartridges, supports different paper sizes, replacement ink is cheap
1	individual ink cartridges, brook different paper sizes, replacing ink is cheap
1	Excellent reception,reliability,battery life,nice style.
1	Excellent response,reliability,battery life,nice style.
0	battery consumption
0	battery uptake
0	3 point seatbelt, seats a bit narrow, baskets very small 
0	threesome point seatbelt, seats a bit specialise, baskets very small 
1	QUALITY, EASE OF USE IN AUTOMATIC MODE, FUNCTIONS
1	QUALITY, EASE OF USE IN robotlike MODE, FUNCTIONS
1	A feather-light, easy phone to use, even for a first-timer!
1	A feather-light, easy earpiece to usage, even for a first-timer!
0	Weak Flash, Decent Battery Life, Only 2 Resolution Settings
0	Weak gaudy, Decent Battery Life, Only 2 Resolution Settings
1	Honestly the best phone I have owned. Voice dialing!
1	aboveboard the best phone I have owned. Voice dialing!
0	Fast battery use, no AC adapter came w/ it.
0	Fast battery use, no AC adapter number w/ it.
1	picture quality, reliability, design
1	see quality, reliability, design
0	Larger than flip style
0	Larger than impudent style
1	Good LCD, MPEG capabilities
1	adept LCD, MPEG capabilities
1	light weight, portability, not many have it, affordable, quality, ease of use
1	light weight, portability, not many have it, affordable, tone, ease of function
0	Some useless features, expensive extras
0	Some useless features, expensive supernumerary
1	Looks, Cool little features, size, camera
1	await, Cool little features, size, camera
1	Small, Quality Photos, Cheap, &amp;amp; Modular
1	Small, Quality pic, Cheap, &amp;amp; Modular
1	Great image quality
1	Great image character
0	Awkward manual exposure setting - You'd better be prepared to buy an AC Adapter
0	Awkward manual exposure setting - You'd better be organise to buy an AC adaptor
1	Versatile, solid, good print quality, good copy quality
1	Versatile, solid, good print quality, good copy prime
0	Reflective LCD frame, delicate port/battery covers.
0	Reflective LCD underframe, delicate port/battery covers.
1	Small size, great pictures, semi-pro features.
1	Small size, great pictures, semi-pro lineament.
0	Slow printer, Small &amp;amp; Expensive Print Cartridges
0	obtuse printer, Small &amp;amp; Expensive Print Cartridges
0	Some ergonomics/design issues
0	Some ergonomics/figure issues
1	Looks like a film camera, convenient, great results
1	Looks like a take camera, convenient, great results
1	Individual Ink Cartridges
1	Individual Ink cartridge
0	battery life, side on/off button
0	battery life, incline on/off button
1	For the money this photo printer is the best I have found, I love it
1	For the money this photo printer is the best I have launch, one bang it
0	LCD Screen is placed oddly, stupid prong connection, over time prongs will bend.
0	LCD screenland is placed oddly, stupid prong connexion, over time prongs will bend.
1	price. ease of use
1	price. still of use
1	Great camera
1	expectant camera
0	sound was not so good
0	sound was not so secure
1	purchased at a great price, easy to use, convienient
1	purchased at a great price, loose to use, convienient
1	cheep 
1	chirrup 
0	Really bad software, bad support, small storage, bad in low light, few features.
0	Really bad software, bad living, small depot, bad in low light, few features.
0	Cheaply built, falls apart and has technical problems
0	Cheaply built, capitulation apart and has technical problems
0	it;s exspensive
0	it;s exspensive
0	Hard to find :)
0	Hard to ascertain :)
1	High quality, Well designed driver software, quiet
1	High quality, Well contrive driver software, quiet
1	This printer, from an avid photographer, is an awesome piece of technology.
1	This pressman, from an avid photographer, is an awesome while of technology.
1	small, lightweight, easy to use
1	small, lightweight, easy to role
1	a great phone most of the time
1	a great call most of the time
1	Holds 90+ images, Compatible with PC and Mac formats
1	detainment 90+ images, Compatible with PC and Mac formats
0	Slow recharge of flash. Problems with auto-focus.
0	Slow recharge of tatty. Problems with auto-focus.
1	Easy to use, good quality, cost.
1	Easy to use, serious quality, cost.
0	pictures blury if blowing up 12X zoom
0	video blury if blowing up 12X zoom
0	Stores small number of pics at high res, low battery life.
0	Stores small number of photograph at high res, low battery biography.
0	occasional water spot.
0	occasional water blemish.
1	4 MegaPixels, Small Size, Solid Construction, Good Color Saturation
1	4 MegaPixels, Small Size, Solid Construction, expert Color Saturation
0	difficulty changing flash options
0	difficulty interchange flash options
1	how this think works
1	how this think employment
0	Paper/Ribbon pack hard to find locally but plenty available online, prints up to 4x6
0	Paper/Ribbon ring gruelling to regain locally but plenty available online, prints up to 4x6
0	not compatible w/ WindowsNT, takes forever to warm up between snapshots, eats batteries, no zoom
0	not compatible watt/ WindowsNT, payoff forever to warm up between snapshots, chuck batteries, no zoom
0	high cost of ink cartridges - and specialty papers
0	high cost of ink cartridges - and specialism papers
1	Excellent speed, awesome quality print outs
1	Excellent speed, awe-inspiring quality print outs
0	Video clips are 6 seconds on highest setting, red eye not always effective
0	Video clips are half-dozen seconds on highest fix, red eye not always effective
1	EASY TO USE
1	EASY TO expend
0	None worth mentioning
0	None worth observe
1	Price, Picture Quality, Simplicity
1	Price, painting Quality, Simplicity
1	Fast, high quality printing 
1	Fast, high select printing 
1	zoom, size, ease of use
1	zoom, size, comfort of use
0	Expensive, images not quite as sharp as high end 3MP camera, control joystick.
0	Expensive, simulacrum not quite as needlelike as high end 3MP camera, control joystick.
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	just included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	Too large to wear comfortably, static
0	Too enceinte to wear comfortably, static
1	Small.  Light.  Feature/Function packed.
1	Small.  Light.  Feature/officiate packed.
0	Expensive, some folks may find software confusing
0	Expensive, some folks may find software bedevil
0	None so far
0	none so far
0	Slow shutter activation time, accesory quality Issues
0	Slow shutter activation time, accesory quality cut
0	Poor reception/dropped calls, ineffective vibrate mode, some design flaws
0	pathetic reception/dropped calls, ineffective hover mode, some design flaws
1	Print quality images and 157meg CD file storage for large file archive.
1	Print quality visualise and 157meg candle file storage for large file archive.
1	Excellent print quality, easy to use and setup, very quiet
1	Excellent impress quality, easy to utilisation and setup, very quiet
0	Earpiece Volume Low Compared To Other Models, Relatively Small Display
0	Earpiece Volume Low liken To Other Models, Relatively pocket-sized Display
1	EXCELLENT RECEPTION!  LOTS OF FEATURES!  EASY TO USE!  A++++
1	EXCELLENT RECEPTION!  LOTS OF FEATURES!  EASY TO utilize!  A++++
1	Cheap, good image quality
1	Cheap, commodity image quality
0	Freezes up way too often, complicated, small keys, dim screen when outdoors.
0	halt up direction too often, complicated, small keys, dim screen when outdoors.
0	Expensive, needs a fast PC
0	Expensive, necessitate a fast PC
1	Works as advertised
1	solve as advertised
0	You get what you pay for.
0	You engender what you pay for.
1	Cool Games, Decent Rigtones, Color Screen
1	Cool Games, Decent Rigtones, color Screen
0	If you don't have re-chargable batteries, get some.  Really goes through batteries.
0	If you don't have re-chargable batteries, experience some.  Really operate through batteries.
0	Battery life very short....but most digital cameras are the same way if not worse
0	Battery life-time very inadequate....but most digital cameras are the same way if not big
1	Great print for photos and color text; aesthetic design
1	smashing print for photos and color text; aesthetic design
1	4 megapixels, 4X zoom, great for macros., Lots of options.
1	4 megapixels, 4X soar, great for macros., distribute of options.
0	not meant for pros
0	not entail for pros
0	pricey cartridges 
0	pricey pickup 
1	good price, simple to use
1	honorable price, simple to use
1	Picture quality, easy menu/operation, quick focus/picture time
1	Picture quality, easy menu/performance, quick focus/picture time
1	Color quality
1	colourise quality
1	not too many
1	not too many
1	Palm and Handheld in one unit
1	Palm and Handheld in ane unit
1	- Size, - Looks, - Largest LCD display ever seen, - Image quality, - Portability
1	- Size, - await, - Largest LCD expose ever seen, - Image quality, - Portability
1	Good Sound Quality and Rare dropped Calls,Fairly Simple to Program
1	commodity Sound Quality and Rare dropped shout,Fairly Simple to Program
1	Menus are easy to navigate. It has bluetooth capabilities and it's from the late 90's!
1	Menus are promiscuous to navigate. IT has bluetooth capabilities and it's from the former 90's!
1	special rings for special numbers
1	special rings for special list
1	Nice features and easy to use
1	Nice features and easy to habit
1	Great up close pictures
1	Great up close photo
1	Voice quality and service, media player, slim form factor,
1	Voice quality and service, media musician, slim form factor,
0	Noisy
0	noisy
1	great item,great price.
1	great item,large price.
0	Priced a bit high, but now well within reason, lacks advanced PDA features
0	Priced a bit heights, but now well within intellect, lacks advanced PDA features
1	It has brilliant color,internet access,300 name phone book
1	It has brilliant colouring,internet access,300 name phone Book
1	excellent image quality, decent speed, good looking
1	excellent image quality, decent speed, good depend
1	Convenient transfer of images to PC; perfect exposures
1	Convenient transfer of trope to PC; perfect exposures
0	pricey flash cards
0	high-priced flash cards
0	None
0	none
0	Unusual shape, Serial connection is slow
0	Unusual mould, Serial connection is slow
1	Great speed in draft.  Duplexer.  Good image quality.  Revolutionary unit in it's day.
1	Great upper in draft.  Duplexer.  Good see quality.  Revolutionary unit in it's day.
1	great keypad, flip, voice dialing, style.
1	gravid keypad, flip, voice dialing, style.
1	great value
1	great valuate
1	easy to use.
1	easy to consumption.
1	Truly excels at text and photo printing. Easily networked. Great software.
1	unfeignedly excels at text and photo printing. Easily networked. bully software.
0	too expensive to develop pictures
0	too expensive to develop movie
0	Size, front keypad, need to accessorize
0	Size, front keypad, penury to accessorize
1	small, nice color screen
1	little, nice color screen
0	Wears out quickly, and difficult to clean
0	Wears out quickly, and difficult to uncontaminating
1	Sturdy, well designed, fully featured.
1	Sturdy, well contrive, fully featured.
0	Viewfinder not that accurate, slow downloads
0	Viewfinder not that exact, slow downloads
1	Small, lightweight, focuses in low light, bright LCD with zoom preview, excellent pictures, price.
1	Small, lightweight, focuses in dispirited sluttish, bright LCD with zoom preview, excellent pictures, price.
0	pricey, small baskets
0	pricey, small basketful
1	- small
1	- small-scale
1	all in one device
1	all in unmatchable device
1	Inexpensive unit, good resolution
1	Inexpensive unit, thoroughly resolution
1	individual tanks
1	someone tanks
0	Short battery life, countless problems, screen issues (Common).
0	Short battery life-time, countless problems, screen issues (Common).
1	Nice software, alot of options, pictures seem to be good
1	decent software, alot of options, pictures seem to be commodity
1	great phone!
1	outstanding phone!
0	no caller ID
0	no caller-up ID
1	Fast, good quality, not too noisy.  Seperate color cartridges.
1	fasting, good quality, not too noisy.  Seperate color cartridges.
1	IF YOU DON'T HAVE A LOT OF ROOM THIS IS THE PRODUCT FOR YOU
1	IF YOU DON'T sustain A mint OF ROOM THIS IS THE PRODUCT FOR YOU
1	Cheap, Good Quality Pics, Packed with features
1	flashy, Good Quality Pics, Packed with features
1	durablity, print quality
1	durablity, print prime
0	uses gallons of ink, cartridges don't last and tech support is terrible
0	uses gallons of ink, cartridges don't close and tech living is terrible
1	Easy to use, nice entry level digital camera for the price
1	Easy to use, courteous launching level digital camera for the price
1	Good image quality, Price, great macro, wonderful colors
1	secure image quality, Price, great macro, wonderful colors
1	compact and cute, tons of features, good picture quality
1	compact and cute, tons of features, good ikon quality
0	Print head only last months; cost half of the retail price of the machine
0	Print headway only lastly months; cost half of the retail price of the machine
1	Compact, hand held 3 in one toy.  Easy to record and 'port data.
1	Compact, hand carry 3 in one toy.  Easy to platter and 'port data.
1	Small, attractive, good quality on calls, speaker phone is OK. Internal software pretty good.
1	Small, attractive, good quality on promise, speaker phone is OK. Internal software pretty safe.
0	don't forget the extra cartridges to get the high quality and speed
0	don't forget the extra magazine to develop the high quality and speed
0	Built-in flash has limited capabilities. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;1.8 inch LCD display makes viewing images somewhat difficult.
0	Built-in instant has limited capabilities. &A;#13;&amp;#10;1.8 inch LCD display makes viewing visualize somewhat difficult.
1	Its a color printer, scanner, fax &amp; copier  all for the price of one!
1	Its a color printer, scanner, fax &amp; duplicator  all for the price of single!
1	A fun camera , small on size, Big on performance!
1	A fun camera , small on size, Big on operation!
1	Price and functions
1	Price and mapping
0	Ringer is fairly quiet&#13;&#10;
0	Ringer is passably quiet&#13;&#10;
0	Somewhat delicate, not given rechargeable batteries (as provided with some of the Fuji FinePix models)
0	Somewhat finespun, not consecrate rechargeable batteries (as furnish with some of the Fuji FinePix models)
1	Superb, lens. Traditional controls on Camera reduce the need for LCD menus.
1	Superb, lens. Traditional controls on Camera subdue the pauperization for LCD menus.
0	Weird Sounds, Dropped Calls
0	Weird strait, Dropped Calls
0	So-so battery life, freezes and crashes occasionally. Seems more frequent when battery is low.
0	acceptably battery life, freezes and crashes occasionally. Seems more shop when battery is low.
0	Size
0	size
0	A little loud, but worth it.
0	A small loud, but worth it.
0	No zoom!!!
0	No whizz!!!
1	Awesome picture Quality
1	Awesome word-painting Quality
1	easy to use
1	soft to use
0	phonebook (can get used to it), alarm must be set with 24hour clock
0	phonebook (can have used to it), alarm must be rigid with 24hour clock
1	Looks great, small
1	Looks outstanding, small
1	Durable-Lightweight-Download Friendly-Easy Use Instruction Menu, 
1	Durable-Lightweight-Download Friendly-Easy utilization Instruction Menu, 
1	Ease of Operation,  memory stick film media, versatility, image quality, extremely portable
1	Ease of Operation,  memory nonplus film media, versatility, image quality, exceedingly portable
0	none
0	none
1	Hardy, multifunctional, good quality.
1	stout, multifunctional, good quality.
0	LIKES TO USE INK
0	LIKES TO purpose INK
1	Easy to use, solid construction, good quality pix, fun to use
1	wanton to employ, solid construction, good quality pix, fun to use
1	Instant quality prints, Useful menu options, accepts multi media
1	Instant prize prints, Useful menu options, accepts multi media
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to purpose
0	Special battery
0	particular battery
1	pda and phone in one
1	pda and telephone in one
0	Expensive batteries, slow connection speed.
0	Expensive batteries, slowly connection speed.
1	Small size, quality images, easy of use
1	Small size, quality images, easy of employment
1	Cost, Size, interface
1	toll, Size, interface
1	easy menu system, loads of storage and good choice of image formats, video with sound
1	slow menu system, loads of storage and good choice of image arrange, video with intelligent
1	large screen, optimal SMS client, standard-compliant web browser, rugged casing
1	great screen, optimal SMS client, standard-compliant WWW browser, rugged casing
1	size, battery life,  screen, reception
1	size, battery liveliness,  screen, reception
0	Takes a long time to upload if you have an old computer
0	necessitate a retentive time to upload if you have an old computer
1	Straightforward! Attractive! Large "Display"! Durable!  Low price! A Bargain!
1	square! Attractive! Large "Display"! Durable!  Low price! A Bargain!
0	Software is terrible--crashes, locks up computer, hard to use., 8MB is useless.
0	Software is terrible--crashes, locks up computer, severely to enjoyment., 8MB is useless.
0	battery eater, power button placement, parallel cable means slow downloads
0	battery eater, might button placement, parallel cable means boring downloads
0	Size, thick. Bad reproduction of actual colors! Lag time, press button, and wait. PC software.
0	Size, slurred. Bad reproduction of actual colors! Lag time, fight button, and hold. PC software.
1	Small, easy to use
1	Small, easy to habit
0	no vibrating alert, quiet alerts are still loud, just a tad bit too long
0	no vibrating merry, quiet alerts are still trashy, just a tad bit too long
1	Aesthetically pleasing.
1	Aesthetically delight.
0	Be sure to talk to your sales rep closely about what you get for $50.
0	Be certainly to lecture to your sales rep closely about what you bring for $50.
1	Provides professional quality photographs
1	Provides professional quality exposure
1	good reception,light , and easy to use
1	good reception,light , and comfortable to use
0	Eats batteries like a big dog, glitchy
0	Eats batteries like a self-aggrandising dog, glitchy
1	small, clear sound
1	low, clear sound
1	cheap, floppy disks
1	tinny, floppy disks
0	Voice Recognition on only 20 out of 100 phonebook entries.
0	sound Recognition on only 20 out of C phonebook entries.
0	Production looks rushed. Manual missing features! &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quality control may mar otherwhise excellent product.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Few extras.
0	Production looks rushed. manual missing features! &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quality control may blemish otherwhise splendid product.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Few extra.
0	software glitch, no filter threads, quick power save, short battery life
0	software glitch, no filter string, quick power save, light battery life
0	Nobody can hear me when I am speaking to them on this phone.
0	Nobody can discover me when I am address to them on this phone.
0	Poor reception
0	pathetic reception
0	Brother does not have the best reputation
0	pal does not have the best reputation
0	No live image preview; amateurish viewfinder coverage; could use more AF sensors; raw format images slow to acquire; lacking built-in higher values of sharpening option
0	No live double preview; amateurish viewfinder coverage; could expend more AF sensors; crude format picture tardily to acquire; lacking built-in higher values of sharpening option
0	a bit expensive, memory cards fill up fast
0	a bit expensive, memory cards fill up profligate
0	image quality
0	project quality
1	Interchangable front and back covers. Long Battery life, Games.
1	Interchangable front and back covers. retentive Battery life, Games.
1	durability, speed, compatability
1	durability, zip, compatability
1	none
1	none
1	Takes great shots, comes with 16MB card, lots of features and cool software.
1	Takes great shots, occur with 16MB card, dispense of features and cool software.
0	Large blow-ups show pixels
0	Large blow-ups establish pixels
1	Very quiet operation, beautiful quality prints, user friendly
1	Very tranquillise operation, beautiful quality prints, user friendly
0	poor reception in buildings
0	inadequate reception in buildings
1	Inexpensive, good pictures, light weight, inexpensive media, decent features
1	Inexpensive, respectable pictures, light weight, inexpensive media, decent features
0	Reception, Nextel Service, Bulky, Heavy, Ugly, Ring Tones, You Name It
0	Reception, Nextel Service, Bulky, grueling, wretched, Ring Tones, You Name It
1	Could be used as a weapon in the battle of good vs evil
1	Could be used as a weapon in the battle of effective quintet evil
1	Great zoom, great price, great concept.  The Quicktime movies are a plus
1	heavy zoom, swell price, great concept.  The Quicktime movies are a plus
0	Camera is awful, and menus need serious redesigning.
0	Camera is dread, and menus need serious redesigning.
1	Easy to use and good fotos
1	well-fixed to use and good fotos
0	still not as good as a real photo, still runs out of ink
0	still not as honorable as a real photo, tranquillise runs out of ink
0	Button traces on the screen. Service plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
0	Button hunt on the screen. overhaul plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
0	Pricey, comes only with 8MB flash, no case or AC adapter
0	Pricey, get only with 8MB trashy, no case or AC adapter
1	No-nonsense solid little phone.
1	No-nonsense whole little phone.
1	great quality prints
1	great quality impress
1	Reliable; easy to dial calls; very good speakerphone; walkie-talkie capability
1	Reliable; leisurely to dial outcry; very good speakerphone; walkie-talkie capability
1	Looks good.
1	Looks commodity.
1	good voice quality, easy to use, nice features
1	respectable voice quality, easy to use, nice features
1	Easy to use.
1	well-situated to use.
0	No Flash, Low Resolution, No Removable Memory.
0	No Flash, Low result, No Removable Memory.
0	Doesn't use standard miniplug headset
0	Doesn't utilise standard miniplug headset
1	Affordable
1	low-cost
1	ease of use and nice features
1	ease of consumption and nice features
0	Difficulty with low light focusing, have to stop to focus, &amp;quot;Off&amp;quot; positioning
0	Difficulty with low-pitched unclouded direction, have to stop to focus, &amp;quot;Off&amp;quot; positioning
1	Small, Light, Beautiful, Easy To use
1	Small, unclouded, Beautiful, Easy To use
1	It was not expensive and it is easy to use.
1	It was not expensive and it is easily to employ.
0	Unreliable
0	undependable
0	no zoom lens
0	no surge lens
1	Quality Digital Format
1	quality Digital Format
0	shutter lag.
0	shutter slowdown.
1	Good for price and the size and weight to carry around with you.
1	Good for price and the sizing and weight to carry roughly with you.
1	Flip-phone style, ease of use
1	Flip-phone style, ease of utilization
0	Uses up batteries power very quickly, doesn't always take clear pictures
0	Uses up batteries power very quickly, doesn't always require pass pictures
0	Cheap parts. Drops calls. Voice calling rarely works. No games. No calculator. Bad interface.
0	Cheap percentage. Drops calls. articulation calling rarely works. No games. No calculator. Bad interface.
1	Inexpensive, reliable, decent job for the money.
1	Inexpensive, reliable, properly job for the money.
1	Cheep, good quality, good battery life
1	Cheep, good timber, good battery life
0	Verizon limits the functionality.
0	Verizon restrain the functionality.
0	no storage
0	no reposition
1	Ultra-compact, loads of cool features
1	Ultra-compact, onus of cool features
1	full recline in a lightweight (10 lbs) stroller, perfect match system, one-hand fold
1	full recline in a lightweight (decade lbs) stroller, gross match system, one-hand fold
1	Color of my images is so vibrant
1	Color of my see is so vibrant
1	good print quality
1	dependable print quality
0	ringer is irritating; buttons push easily
0	ringer is annoy; buttons push easily
1	Lens, build quality, many features and beautiful pics 
1	Lens, build quality, many sport and beautiful pics 
1	Good voice clarity, comfortable keys, easy to use
1	Good vox clarity, comfortable keys, easy to use
1	Great photo quality. Easy to use point&amp;shoot with nice zoom. Webcam
1	cracking photo quality. well-off to use point&amp;shoot with nice zoom. Webcam
0	the exet pray is not the best
0	the exet pray is not the easily
0	expensive tanks and poor tech support
0	expensive tanks and poor tech corroborate
0	Eats batteries
0	grub batteries
1	Great Quality Prints, Super Fast
1	gravid Quality Prints, Super Fast
0	Comes w/only 8MB flash, some photos blurred
0	Comes w/only 8MB ostentate, some photos blurred
0	short battery life, feels awkward.
0	short battery life, feeling awkward.
0	Short battery life
0	Short shelling life
0	Poly Ringtone Volume, Difficult Menus
0	Poly Ringtone Volume, Difficult carte
0	Occasionally mis-focuses some subjects in autofocus mode
0	Occasionally mis-focuses some field in autofocus mode
1	Speakerphone, good price, light weight
1	Speakerphone, good price, unclouded weight
0	battery life, heats up a bit while in use, mediocre service(Sprint)
0	battery life, heats up a bit while in utilisation, mediocre service(sprint)
0	With this feature set and at this price point, none that are significant, 
0	With this feature lot and at this toll point, none that are significant, 
0	none
0	none
1	Many Features, Easy Access, Speakerphone
1	Many Features, wanton Access, Speakerphone
0	HORRIBLE signal issues, "quirks"
0	HORRIBLE signal upshot, "quirks"
1	good image quality, construction
1	good image lineament, construction
1	Easy to use
1	gentle to use
1	Inexpensive, Great value.
1	Inexpensive, Great appraise.
0	Slightly larger than some phones
0	Slightly tumid than some phones
1	Great quality All in One plus it will copy, fax, and scan legal sized documents.
1	swell prize All in One plus it will copy, fax, and scan legal sized papers.
1	Small, light weight, you can load ring-tones, pics, surf the web.
1	Small, wakeful weight, you can onus ring-tones, pics, surf the web.
1	Size of cigarette pack. Crisp pictures. Many functions. Great first digital cam!
1	Size of cigarette pack. frizzly icon. Many functions. Great first digital cam!
0	low-quality pics, difficult for children to operate
0	low-quality pics, difficult for children to manoeuvre
1	Quality of output, Cost of consumables, Features
1	Quality of output, Cost of consumables, feature
0	sometimes the display fades and I have to tap it
0	sometimes the show fades and I have to strike it
1	Many Features, Many Options, CONVERSATIONAL PIECE!
1	Many Features, Many Options, CONVERSATIONAL assemble!
0	I would not recommend to buy this mobile.
0	I would not recommend to buy this roving.
0	Bulky, Heavy and Limited features
0	Bulky, Heavy and limit features
0	A little heavy relative to others in its class, digital zoom is useless (loss of quality), poor night photos
0	A little arduous relative to others in its class, digital zoom is useless (loss of quality), wretched Night photos
0	Can't see what ink is being used.
0	Can't assure what ink is being used.
0	none really
0	none real
1	Inexpensive, Multifunction
1	inexpensive, Multifunction
0	Only 2 megapixels, miniscule zoom, some controls too small to be easily used
0	but 2 megapixels, miniscule soar, some controls too small to be easily used
1	Good Price
1	honorable Price
1	Great quality with lots of features
1	Great quality with pot of features
1	fast, reliable, inexpensive
1	libertine, reliable, inexpensive
1	Outstanding image quality, very easy to use, great software
1	Outstanding image quality, very easy to use, keen software
1	user friendly
1	user well-disposed
1	Reliable and Solidly Made
1	Reliable and Solidly work
0	Only a 2X optical zoom.
0	lonesome a 2X optical zoom.
0	For new users will have to practice to understand features, big time phone guys might want to jump to the 6190.
0	For Modern users will have to practice to understand features, big clip phone rib might want to jump-start to the 6190.
0	ink cartridges are a little high and don't last very long
0	ink cartridges are a little high and don't net very retentive
0	paper jams,slow printing
0	paper jams,slowly printing
1	Easier to use than other cameras. A lot of nice features. Long battery life.
1	Easier to use than other cameras. A lot of courteous features. Long battery lifespan.
1	Easy to operate, Excellent Quality, Reasonably priced, Memory is cheap
1	easygoing to operate, Excellent Quality, Reasonably priced, Memory is chintzy
0	Takes a while to get used to it.
0	hold a while to get used to it.
1	Most Compact &amp; Lightweight 3X optical I have seen, long battery life,audio annotation, easy navigation
1	Most Compact &amp; whippersnapper 3X optical I have examine, long battery life,audio annotation, well-fixed navigation
0	Everything else
0	Everything else
1	durable, cute, nice no-frills phone
1	durable, cute, decent no-frills phone
1	None!
1	none!
0	Bad flash, Small Memory, Avg. Quality
0	Bad wink, Small Memory, Avg. Quality
0	uses a lot of batteries
0	exercise a lot of batteries
1	Great resolution, versatile, zoom capability
1	Great resolving, versatile, zoom capability
1	Durable. Firmware upgrades easy. Quality reception and sound. Numerous accessories readily available from web vendors.
1	Durable. Firmware upgrades well-off. prize reception and sound. Numerous accessories readily usable from web vendors.
1	durable, easy to use
1	durable, easy to habit
1	Voice dialing, answering machine, scheduler, small, email send/receive, highly viewable day&night, tri-mode, good clarity
1	vocalisation dialing, answering machine, scheduler, small, email charge/receive, highly viewable day&night, tri-mode, undecomposed clarity
0	A bit slow when printing with color
0	A bit slow when printing with coloring
0	Several...
0	several...
1	Excellent image quality, easy to set up with Windows 2000
1	Excellent fancy quality, easy to localise up with Windows 2000
1	Really great stroller
1	truly great stroller
0	No hard copy pictures
0	No surd copy pictures
1	Size, ease of use, features
1	Size, rest of use, features
1	Small,  cheap, and photo-quality for PC &amp;amp; Mac
1	Small,  chintzy, and photo-quality for PC &amp;amp; Mac
0	with internal antenna the reception isn't as good as other models!
0	with internal antenna the reception isn't as salutary as other mould!
1	Sexy urban design, definite show off to friends..everything about it is great
1	Sexy urban purpose, definite indicate off to friends..everything about it is great
1	Supurb color
1	Supurb colourize
1	Comfortable to hold, easy to use, very good camera for a phone, and full'a features.
1	Comfortable to clench, easy to utilise, very good camera for a telephone, and full'a features.
1	Efficient, Quick, Easy to Use
1	Efficient, Quick, comfortable to Use
1	sturdy, good features
1	sturdy, dependable features
0	Noisy, clogs easily, very slow&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Noisy, clogs easily, very slow&amp;#13;&amp;#decade;&AMP;#13;&amp;#10;
0	USB can be tempramental, Cartidges are expensive
0	USB can be tempramental, Cartidges are expensive
1	convenient size, easy to use, expandable, good software
1	convenient size, well-situated to use, expandable, good software
0	Placement of outside buttons; Charging platform is awkward
0	Placement of outside buttons; consign platform is awkward
1	Cheap Price, Lightness
1	bum Price, Lightness
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash bit, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
1	Small size, very easy to use
1	Small size, very well-heeled to use
0	poor battery life
0	wretched battery life
1	Excellent print speed and quality
1	Excellent print hie and quality
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Great Point 'N Shoot. Great Pictures. Software is easy to use and Intuitive.
1	Great Point 'N spud. Great flick. Software is easy to use and Intuitive.
1	Small, Light, Color Screen, Good Batter Life
1	Small, Light, Color Screen, Good Batter living
0	Low pic quality. not hold many pic's on High Resoultion (20) Low resolution (80)
0	Low pic timber. not hold many pic's on High Resoultion (20) Low answer (80)
1	Small, take everywhere, easy to use, photo quality exceeds expectations.
1	Small, ask everywhere, easy to use, photo prize exceeds expectations.
1	Best lenses, lots of battery, easy use,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;good for the price.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	expert lenses, lots of battery, soft enjoyment,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;good for the price.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Quality, ease of use, zoom
1	Quality, ease of purpose, zoom
0	Shutter Lag
0	Shutter dawdle
1	Navigation stick, Price
1	Navigation bind, Price
1	Inexpensive, best quality for price, very compact, cool looks
1	Inexpensive, undecomposed quality for price, very compact, cool looks
1	compact size, color LCD, outside LCD, big buttons, lots of features, wireless web
1	compact size, coloration LCD, outside LCD, bountiful buttons, lots of features, wireless web
0	Poor construction, serious static and connection problems
0	Poor construction, serious static and connection job
0	no optical viewfinder, and NO LCD is very great in the sun
0	no ocular viewfinder, and NO LCD is very cracking in the sun
0	can't program a distinctive ring for different callers
0	can't program a distinctive reverberate for different callers
0	no extra filters or lenses for this camera
0	no redundant filters or lenses for this camera
0	Slow speed using parallel port, no cables
0	Slow hasten using parallel port, no cables
1	Small and lightweight
1	modest and lightweight
1	Light, inexpensieve, recurrent alarm feature, WAP
1	abstemious, inexpensieve, recurrent alarm feature, WAP
0	Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
0	Phone is somewhat brawny and doesn't correspond into a pocket!
1	Great Price &amp; takes ordinary batteries
1	Great Price &amp; takes ordinary bombardment
1	Crisp clean photographs. Great color. Great features
1	Crisp clean photographs. neat color. Great features
0	Nothing. Unless you want a cute fluffy flip phone.
0	Nothing. Unless you want a cute fluffy flip telephone.
0	flash too bright, small memory, grainy picture if low light, fuzzy zoom
0	flash too bright, small memory, grainy picture if moo luminosity, fuzzy zoom
0	None
0	none
0	basic phone, don't expect too much.
0	staple phone, don't expect too much.
0	Color does not always perform, customer service has major problems
0	colorise does not always perform, customer serve has major problems
1	Quick to print
1	warm to print
1	Tons of storage and VERY user friendly.  Lots of features!
1	lots of storage and identical user friendly.  Lots of features!
0	Cost.
0	cost.
1	Great picture quality; very versatile for the money
1	swell picture quality; very versatile for the money
0	Very small ink cartridge, no power button or LEDs
0	Very small ink magazine, no power button or LEDs
0	If I have more than 20 pictures to upload to computer sometimes locks up.  
0	If I have more than 20 painting to upload to computer sometimes engage up.  
1	prints good black and white 
1	prints good black and blanched 
0	You can get a much better phone and camera today for the retail price
0	You can vex a much wagerer phone and camera today for the retail price
1	Price, weight, LCD
1	Price, burthen, LCD
1	fun to use
1	fun to utilise
1	small, 4 meg
1	small, iv meg
1	Good Picture Quality, Simple and Easy to Use, Tough and Priced Right.
1	Good Picture Quality, Simple and easily to consumption, Tough and Priced Right.
0	The cost of the paper and print cartridge!
0	The cost of the paper and impress cartridge!
0	Lacks some more advanced features, small memory card included, menu control button awkward to use
0	Lacks some more supercharge features, small memory posting included, menu ascertain button awkward to use
1	Compact, handy.
1	bundle, handy.
0	not good for sports(blurry)
0	not good for sports(blurred)
1	Size, feel in hand, build quality
1	Size, feel in hand, progress quality
0	Single Band, no expandability, no palm OS, accessories?
0	Single Band, no expandability, no palm bone, accessories?
1	High Quality, Smooth Ride, Washable, Comfortable
1	High Quality, smoothen Ride, Washable, Comfortable
0	none
0	none
0	Urmmmmm... I'll think about it... The flash.
0	Urmmmmm... I'll think about it... The winkle.
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	excellent image quality, easy to use, optical and digital zoom, remote control
1	excellent image caliber, easy to use, optical and digital zoom, outback control
1	small size
1	minor size
1	Wide array of features and settings, outstanding image quality
1	across-the-board array of features and settings, outstanding image quality
1	Excellent photo quality
1	excellent photo quality
1	lightweight, easy to fold up to fit in small places, great for travel
1	lightweight, easy to fold up to check in small home, great for travel
0	Some buttons can get stuck, buttons little small, can't turn off animation
0	Some buttons can obtain lodge, buttons little small, can't turn off animation
0	No color screen, Not tri-band
0	No discolour screen, Not tri-band
0	Photo quality and battery life is something to be desired
0	Photo character and battery spirit is something to be desired
0	Size too big for some
0	Size too vauntingly for some
1	12PPM (fast), flatbed, good color quality, sheet feeder
1	12PPM (fast), flatbed, good color timbre, sheet feeder
1	Quality,Price
1	timber,Price
0	None
0	none
1	Absolutely no redeeming qualities about this camera.
1	utterly no redeeming qualities about this camera.
0	Dark screen to save the battery.  Really hard to see without the back light.
0	Dark screen to save the battery.  Really hard to envision without the back abstemious.
1	6X zoom, superb 3 megapixel image quality, excellent movie mode, dual media storage capability, 
1	6X zoom, superb 3 megapixel prototype quality, excellent movie mode, dual spiritualist storage capability, 
1	Tons of Functionality, Great Display, Sleek Looks
1	Tons of Functionality, Great Display, sleek Looks
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery liveliness, MP3 substantiate
1	Quality feel, user-interface, ease of use, camera quality
1	Quality spirit, user-interface, ease of use, camera quality
0	Nub antenna, weak vibration
0	Nub antenna, weak quiver
0	Heavy, big, not good for mall use
0	Heavy, big, not good for mall enjoyment
0	Ink cartridges hard to find
0	Ink cartridges hard to obtain
0	A few minor quirks detailed in the review
0	A few small-scale quirks detailed in the review
0	reception
0	response
1	Small size, syncs with outlook, good sound quality, good battery, color screen
1	Small size, syncs with outlook, good wakeless quality, undecomposed battery, color screen
1	Light weight, Cristal clear sound, Long lasting Standby and talk time
1	Light weight, Cristal clear sound, Long go Standby and talk meter
0	Battery life, slight loss of quality in low light, weak flash, tiny standard 16MB card
0	Battery liveliness, slight red of quality in low low-cal, weak flash, tiny standard 16MB card
1	Awesome picture quality, excellent features, light, small
1	Awesome project quality, excellent features, light, small
1	Price, Features for the Price, Availability of Accessories
1	Price, Features for the cost, Availability of Accessories
0	Pricey.  Cannot associate sound per contact - only groups.  Cannot add groups.
0	Pricey.  Cannot associate reasoned per contact - only groups.  Cannot tot groups.
1	Works great when outside.
1	Works groovy when outside.
0	only fair paper handling
0	only middling paper handling
0	Eats up batteries
0	corrode up batteries
1	Great color pictures, fold up paper tray, fast.  HP!
1	Great colorise pictures, fold up paper tray, fast.  HP!
0	impossible setup
0	impossible apparatus
1	Bluetooth, good picture, lotsa features
1	Bluetooth, good movie, lotsa features
1	Nice zoom lens, good weight, pic and movie modes, swivel lcd screen
1	Nice zoom lens, thoroughly weight, picture and movie modes, swivel lcd screen
1	Easy to use, price is right, saves you money in the long run if you love to take pictures.   
1	Easy to use, price is redress, spare you money in the longsighted run if you love to take pictures.   
1	Form-factor, picture quality, zoom, massive features.
1	Form-factor, figure quality, zoom, massive features.
1	SMS text messageing small, and looks cool
1	SMS text messageing small, and await cool
1	Great storage of media, many capabilities and a well known manufacturer.
1	big storage of media, many capacity and a well known manufacturer.
1	One piece design,contoured shape,performance,menus are intuitive,rugged.
1	One piece design,contoured soma,operation,menus are intuitive,rugged.
0	alittle bit bulky,
0	alittle act bulky,
0	Could use a longer focal length lens (bigger zoom).
0	Could use a longer focal length lens (grown zoom).
0	Ringer volume, speaker clarity, price
0	Ringer volume, talker clarity, price
1	Good Product Quality, Many Good Options to let you pick exactly what you want.
1	proficient Product Quality, Many Good Options to let you pluck exactly what you want.
0	Weight, Sony Warranty
0	Weight, Sony guarantee
1	Very good camera. Works excellent with a Mac. 
1	Very good camera. Works first-class with a Mac. 
0	bulky, battery life, lack of bluetooth
0	bulky, battery life, miss of bluetooth
1	excellent printer, excellent photos, excellent tech support
1	first-class printer, excellent photos, excellent tech support
0	Lack of features make this phone a bad buy
0	Lack of features earn this phone a bad buy
1	Good price
1	well price
1	Great price, quality print, easy to use, relatively few jams
1	Great Price, quality print, well-off to use, relatively few jams
0	Speaker could be a little bit louder during a call
0	Speaker could be a little bit tacky during a hollo
1	EASE OF USE!!! no cables, no wires, no fuss
1	EASE OF USE!!! no cables, no wires, no pettifoggery
0	Has No Velcro
0	let No Velcro
0	Battery Life, 8MB Compact Flash, 
0	Battery Life, 8MB pack Flash, 
0	small basket
0	modest basket
1	Small and lightweight. All the features you really need in a cell phone.
1	Small and lightweight. all the boast you really need in a cell phone.
1	excellent picture quality
1	splendid picture quality
1	Great image quality, affordable, loads of features
1	Great image quality, affordable, load of features
0	Phone has gloss-like finishing which shows fingerprints very easily.  The touch screen is sensitive.
0	telephone has gloss-like finishing which shows fingerprints very easily.  The tinct screen is sensitive.
0	Paint chipping, relatively short battery life, heats up during use.
0	Paint chipping, relatively myopic battery life, heats up during utilise.
1	Inexpensive, Versatile, Durable, Fast, High Print Quality
1	Inexpensive, Versatile, Durable, Fast, High Print lineament
1	Spectacular photo quality output potential
1	Spectacular pic quality output potential
1	Small Size, GSM World Phone, Sleek Design
1	Small Size, GSM planetary Phone, Sleek Design
0	Pricey? Yes, but worth it.
0	Pricey? yes, but worth it.
1	fast and good quality
1	fast and salutary quality
0	poor durability, not a world phone
0	miserable durability, not a world phone
1	COLOR, eye catcher, design, midi rings, photos on the screen
1	COLOR, eye catcher, designing, midi ringing, photos on the screen
0	Images need color and/or brightness correction, little to no zoom.
0	simulacrum need color and/or brightness correction, lilliputian to no zoom.
1	Battery life, ability to hold a signal, promotion price, color screen, speaker phone
1	barrage life, ability to hold a signal, promotion price, colourize screen, speaker phone
1	Small size, 4 Megapixel resolution, 3 flash settings, 2:3 ratio for perfect 4X6 prints
1	Small size, four Megapixel resolving, 3 flash settings, 2:3 ratio for pure 4X6 prints
0	No contrast setting, Auto white balance doesn't work well in artificial light &amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	No contrast setting, Auto whiten balance doesn't workplace well in artificial lighter &amp;#13;&A;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	fast, save on developing
1	fast, save on produce
1	fast, highest resolution printer available, only 180 dollars, supports thicker-than-normal paper
1	fast, highest declaration printer available, only 180 dollars, underpin thicker-than-normal paper
0	Expensive ink
0	expensive ink
1	great print quality, 2-sided printing, envelope feeder, GOOD price
1	great print quality, 2-sided printing, envelope feeder, thoroughly price
0	ringer stinks, charger is terrible, battery life
0	ringer stinks, charger is terrible, battery biography
0	Not Web enabled, Battery tricky to remove, Expensive
0	Not Web enabled, Battery tricksy to remove, Expensive
1	Rugged, compact case.  Great optics, manual controls
1	Rugged, compact case.  slap-up optics, manual controls
1	Small, fits in my pocket
1	low, fits in my pocket
0	Speaker is not very crispy, Styling is quite boxy and bulky
0	Speaker is not very crisp, Styling is rather boxy and bulky
1	Excellent image quality, fast shot2shot recharge
1	Excellent image quality, dissolute shot2shot recharge
1	USB, 1900 res, User Adjustable Features, 2x Zoom, 
1	USB, 1900 res, User Adjustable have, 2x Zoom, 
0	software installation is difficult
0	software installation is hard
1	good quality and color
1	adept quality and color
0	Speaker is horrible..
0	talker is horrible..
0	Write time is a little slow.  Lower resolution are distorted. 
0	compose time is a trivial slow.  Lower resolution are distorted. 
0	Print quality is not as good as a more expensive printer
0	Print timber is not as safe as a more expensive printer
1	Easy to use, Great quality of hardware and software
1	Easy to use, enceinte quality of hardware and software
1	Very bad camera
1	Very defective camera
0	Lack of available accessories
0	Lack of available accouterment
0	no red eye flash mode, only battery power
0	no red oculus flash mode, only battery power
1	Cheap, Printing in black and white is fairly good
1	Cheap, print in black and white is fairly good
0	Signal Strength
0	Signal metier
1	So/so image quality
1	So/so figure quality
0	bad signal, low volume, awful recharging setup, tiny font screen and phone book, no features
0	sorry signal, humbled volume, awful recharging setup, tiny font screen and phone book, no feature
0	not a thing
0	not a matter
0	User Interface is terrible, features are not documented well
0	User Interface is tremendous, features are not documented well
1	Robust, very easy to use, good overall quality. Use of floppies is cheap and easy.
1	Robust, very easy to use, ripe overall quality. Use of floppies is tinny and comfortable.
1	Palm and phone in one, triband phone, Palm features on par with current Palms
1	medal and phone in unrivaled, triband phone, Palm features on par with current Palms
1	Easy to use, the quality of pictures are great
1	Easy to use, the quality of pictures are majuscule
1	Neat camera and video.
1	great camera and video.
0	Big, battery guzzler
0	self-aggrandising, battery guzzler
1	easy to use, small and good pictures
1	easy to use, small and good picture
0	Does not include print cable.
0	Does not include impress cable.
0	fuzzy pics, connection problems, list goes on ...
0	fuzzy pics, connection problems, list perish on ...
1	Excellent quality of pictures, Rugged, good looks. 
1	Excellent quality of pictures, rugged, good looks. 
1	Great price
1	Great terms
0	For the Photo Enthusiast you will want more manual control.
0	For the Photo Enthusiast you will need more manual master.
1	good color
1	good colourise
0	reception fuzzy at times goes in and out!
0	reception fuzzy at times function in and out!
1	VAD Feature is COOL
1	VAD boast is COOL
1	organizer functions - Color camera and display - video abilities
1	organizer purpose - Color camera and display - video abilities
1	Tons of features
1	piles of features
1	Small, long battery life, ABSOLUTE BEST RECEPTION
1	Small, long battery life, ABSOLUTE skillful RECEPTION
1	Attractive, has most features that one expects and more, unique, will satisfy a Motorola fan
1	Attractive, has most sport that one anticipate and more, unique, will fulfill a Motorola fan
1	Palm OS, functionality, flexibility
1	Palm osmium, functionality, flexibility
0	Could use a vibrating ring option.
0	Could use a vibrating echo option.
0	Features (read Internet) require extra fees.
0	Features (interpret Internet) require extra fees.
0	Display hard to read, ringer and speaker not as loud, slow response in menus
0	Display hard to interpret, ringer and speaker not as loud, obtuse response in menus
0	LCD screen in dim light
0	LCD riddle in dim light
1	Great size, color, features, somewhat easy to navigate
1	swell size, color, features, somewhat easy to navigate
1	Small sleek physique, easy to use menu, cool blue screen,(alarm clock,tip calculator, games)
1	Small sleek physique, easy to function menu, cool gamy cover,(alarm clock,tip calculator, games)
1	Small size, easy to download pics, quality
1	Small size, easy to download film, quality
1	FAST, RELIABLE, EASE-OF-USE, &amp; INK CARTRIDGES LAST A LONG TIME!
1	FAST, RELIABLE, EASE-OF-USE, &amp; INK CARTRIDGES last-place A foresighted TIME!
0	a tad cumbersome
0	a shade cumbersome
1	Fabulous printer in my estimation
1	fab printer in my estimation
0	Frequent jams, spots and offset text occasionally
0	Frequent jams, smudge and offset text occasionally
1	Speed
1	amphetamine
1	thin, light, good sound, good reception, speakerphone, fairly well made.
1	thin, light, good sound, dear reception, speakerphone, fairly well score.
1	Small Size, easy access to functions using the joystick, Bluetooth.
1	minuscule size, easy access to functions using the joystick, Bluetooth.
0	Feeding mechanism is noisy, driver quirks
0	feed mechanism is noisy, driver quirks
0	has a software glitch in storing numbers
0	has a software glitch in storing count
0	Slow when scanning
0	ho-hum when scanning
0	Weight,lap time between snaps
0	Weight,lick time between snaps
1	Good price, fairly easy to use and upload pic's to the computer, has LCD screen for viewing photos
1	sound price, fairly easy to expend and upload pic's to the computer, has LCD screen for showing photos
1	smallest digital camera currently available, good pic quality
1	smallest digital camera currently available, upright pic quality
0	Sometimes the internal antenna can be covered by your hand.
0	Sometimes the internal antenna can be underwrite by your deal.
1	Small, easy to use, reasonable price
1	Small, comfortable to use, reasonable price
1	comes in different colors
1	occur in different colors
1	Takes incredible pictures
1	exact incredible pictures
1	Quick printer that is compact
1	Quick pressman that is compact
0	No USB connections on some PC's
0	No USB connexion on some PC's
1	Slim design
1	svelte design
0	Black and white
0	Black and albumen
0	Screen scratches easily
0	Screen scratching easily
0	no video recording on it
0	no video read on it
1	Easy to set up &amp; use. Excellent quality print jobs and pictures.
1	Easy to set up &A; use. Excellent quality print jobs and characterisation.
0	need to have computer print directly to printer at first, then can select print spooler once it works
0	need to have computer print direct to printer at commencement, then can select print spooler once it go
1	Small size, great resolution, great color, very portable. Both manual and auto modes.
1	Small size, corking solution, great color, very portable. Both manual and auto modes.
1	Very compact, External LCD, Excellent ringer tones, comfortably-sized keys, stylish.
1	real compact, External LCD, Excellent ringer tones, comfortably-sized keystone, stylish.
0	Doesn't come with ac adaptor, battery recharger, and more memory which you need
0	Doesn't come with actinium adaptor, shelling recharger, and more memory which you need
1	Small
1	minor
0	awkward to open til you figure it out, battery life, opening case
0	awkward to open til you see it out, battery life, unfold case
0	mobile charging apparatus has to be manufacturers own
0	mobile charging apparatus has to be maker own
0	The manual can be a little complicated
0	The manual can be a little rarify
1	Great features and specifications for price.
1	enceinte features and specifications for price.
1	Nothing like my wife.
1	Nothing corresponding my wife.
0	Not a workhorse or speed demon. Expensive cost per page.
0	Not a workhorse or rush demon. Expensive cost per foliate.
0	Serial Cable, poor software, poor battery life
0	Serial Cable, inadequate software, poor battery life
0	Battery Life
0	Battery lifespan
1	quiet, shows amount of ink left, easy to set up &amp;amp; use
1	quiet, shows amount of ink left-hand, easy to set up &ampere;amp; use
1	The jewel of Nikon's famed interchangeability
1	The jewel of Nikon's illustrious interchangeability
0	Battery Life,Back lite display in sun lite
0	Battery Life,Back lite showing in sun lite
0	Poor manual and sketchy information on some settings
0	Poor manual and sketchy information on some scene
0	Fixed Zoom lens of questionable quality and sharpness
0	fixed Zoom lens of questionable quality and sharpness
0	Battery life could be longer, charging of flash a bit slow
0	Battery life-time could be longer, agitate of flash a bit slow
1	Reception, battery life, menus
1	Reception, barrage life, menus
0	Does not fit well in case, difficult to remove car recharger socket cover
0	doe not fit well in case, difficult to remove car recharger socket plow
1	Stylish, lots of functions on the external display, light, small
1	Stylish, piles of subroutine on the external display, light, small
0	Sometimes has trouble with print jobs (rarely, though).
0	Sometimes has trouble with impress jobs (rarely, though).
0	no brakes!
0	no brake!
1	the printing is a very clear..
1	the printing is a very elucidate..
0	no built in vibrating battery
0	no built in resonate battery
0	Can't record videos
0	Can't record picture
0	runs out of ink to fast
0	runs out of ink to degraded
1	Great quality printing, low-priced
1	Great choice printing, low-priced
1	One of the sturdiest,lightest and most attractive strollers on the market.
1	ace of the sturdiest,easy and most attractive strollers on the market.
1	Good size, durable, many accessories, long talktime
1	skillful size, durable, many accessories, long talktime
0	Slow startup, small screen, no photo capabilities
0	slacken startup, small screen, no photo capabilities
0	yellow light, loud
0	yellow-bellied light, loud
1	Big screen, symbian, bluetooth, vga camera, replaceable faceplates, mmc slot
1	large screenland, symbian, bluetooth, vga camera, replaceable faceplates, mmc slot
1	Cool phone, camera takes good quality pictures, large color screen,  web access, lots of ringtones
1	Cool phone, camera charter good quality pic, large color screen,  web access, slews of ringtones
1	Convienient, looks good,
1	Convienient, looks unspoiled,
1	Looks nice.
1	Looks Nice.
1	easy setup, good quality of printing
1	easy setup, just quality of printing
1	Good design and size; price; lithium-ion rechargeable battery
1	Good excogitation and size; price; lithium-ion rechargeable battery
1	takes very nice pictures
1	proceeds very nice pictures
1	Fast, great quality text &amp; graphics, low ink use
1	fast, great quality text &amp; graphics, low ink use
0	automatic flash,no previews too pricey 
0	automatic newsbreak,no previews too pricey 
0	Verizon
0	Verizon
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	Big screen for a cell, effective battery animation, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
0	none that we found
0	none that we observe
0	it broke on the first accidental drop
0	it develop on the first accidental drop
0	Pricey, the zoom is weaker than Gandhi
0	Pricey, the surge is weaker than Gandhi
0	Could be louder, high radiation level, battery life isn't impressive
0	Could be louder, high-pitched radiation level, battery aliveness isn't impressive
1	Great performance...Crisp printing...Prints 5 ppm
1	big performance...Crisp printing...Prints 5 ppm
0	Propietary batteries, poor battery life.
0	Propietary batteries, poor battery lifetime.
0	Even with a cover, sometimes buttons get hit
0	Even with a shroud, sometimes buttons get hit
0	A few minor quirks detailed in the review
0	A few minor quirks detailed in the follow-up
0	Not Vision Enabled, color display eats battery life, many menus
0	Not Vision Enabled, discolour exhibit eats battery life, many menus
1	Fast image processor
1	dissolute image processor
1	Image Quality, Size, Memory Capability, Look &amp; Feel
1	persona Quality, Size, Memory Capability, Look &amp; Feel
1	Good Print Quality, Good Price, Amazing Service
1	Good print Quality, Good Price, Amazing Service
0	all else
0	all else
1	High print quality/great price!
1	High print quality/great Price!
1	Great basic phone
1	Great introductory phone
0	Slow focus and a bit noisy
0	Slow concenter and a bit noisy
0	not easy to open and close
0	not easy to open and fold
0	None
0	none
0	none
0	none
0	Not as fast as some printers.
0	Not as truehearted as some printers.
1	Incredible Battery life and excellent reception
1	Incredible barrage life and excellent reception
1	waterproof ink, quiet, quality, fast
1	waterproof ink, smooth, quality, fast
1	Clear reception, light weight, and you're able to change the banner.
1	percipient reception, light weighting, and you're able to change the banner.
0	The lens cover gets in my way.
0	The lens cover have in my way.
0	Battery life (keep a spare battery on hand).
0	Battery life (keep a spare battery on script).
0	average battery life, tiny icons
0	average battery lifespan, tiny icons
0	Constant PAPER JAMS
0	Constant PAPER hole
1	easy to use, saves time and money
1	easy to use, preserve time and money
1	Cheap, 11x17 printing, cheap ink
1	Cheap, 11x17 printing, trashy ink
0	weird belt clip, short battery life, pricey
0	weird knock clip, short battery life, pricey
1	Excellent Photo Outputs; Low Price
1	Excellent photo Outputs; Low Price
1	good clear pictures, automatic focus and flash nothing to set.
1	salutary clear pictures, automatic focus and flash nothing to solidification.
0	low resolution
0	depressed resolution
1	Reception, sound quality, tons of features, well-built, easy-to-use UI
1	Reception, sound quality, oodles of features, well-built, easy-to-use UI
0	short battery life, limited options
0	short battery life, restrain options
1	SUPER SMALL!!  Motorola product.  Long battery life.
1	SUPER belittled!!  Motorola product.  Long battery life.
0	Ridiculously tacky.
0	Ridiculously cheap.
0	Not as fast as laser printers
0	Not as flying as laser printers
0	Doesn't work
0	Doesn't oeuvre
0	Sound quality is bad, Lack of more robust addressbook.
0	vocalize quality is bad, Lack of more robust addressbook.
0	Jams easily, ink is very expensive
0	press easily, ink is very expensive
1	USB and Parallel, Excellent print quality
1	USB and collimate, Excellent print quality
1	inexpensive, easy to use
1	inexpensive, easy to purpose
0	Expensive and still quite cumbersome
0	Expensive and relieve quite cumbersome
1	Small and light weight, good camera, sharp/color screen, tons of features, good joystick
1	Small and sparkle weight, good camera, sharp/colouring screen, tons of features, good joystick
0	overheats, drops calls
0	overheats, drop-off calls
1	Quality, quiet, and affordable 
1	quality, quiet, and affordable 
1	Looks, design, size
1	calculate, design, size
0	Poor &amp;quot;print-out&amp;quot; quality, bulkier than 35mm cameras
0	poor &amp;quot;print-out&amp;quot; prime, bulkier than 35mm cameras
0	I have found none, so far
0	I have discover none, so far
1	affordable, good quality, good for projects, etc.
1	affordable, upright quality, good for projects, etc.
1	Price, looks, clarity, features!
1	Price, expression, clarity, features!
0	Toner cartridges are expensive
0	toner cartridges are expensive
1	Quality, speed and price
1	Quality, speeding and price
1	Blue screen, battery life, address book...goes on and on
1	Blue screen, battery life, speech leger...goes on and on
0	Little built in memory, short range
0	Little built in memory, short vagabond
1	Solid, basic analog cell phone
1	Solid, basic analog cell earphone
0	small paper loader, paper jams
0	small paper dockworker, paper jams
1	Nice design-easy to hold
1	Nice design-easy to adjudge
1	Easy to set up and use. Great quality photos.
1	Easy to hardened up and use. Great quality photos.
1	GREAT camera for the price!  Takes nice pictures.
1	GREAT camera for the price!  necessitate nice pictures.
1	HEAVY DUTY; JACK OF ALL TRADES; RELIABLE.
1	clayey DUTY; JACK OF ALL TRADES; RELIABLE.
0	So cute I'm going to be mad with the first scratch.
0	So cute I'm conk to be mad with the first scrape.
0	Not many features
0	Not many feature
1	Great speed and price
1	Great amphetamine and price
0	No View Finder, Zoom Could Be Better, 1 Second Delay On Shutter Operation
0	No View Finder, zoom Could Be Better, 1 arcsecond Delay On Shutter Operation
1	Great Price!
1	peachy Price!
1	Lots of Scene modes, great pictures outdoors
1	Lots of Scene modes, great envision outdoors
0	Light duty construction.
0	calorie-free duty construction.
0	indoor shots are not wonderful - move up a model
0	indoor shots are not wonderful - impress up a model
1	Small size, quality of images, and it's COOL!
1	Small size, calibre of images, and it's COOL!
1	Great Daytime shots. Functional Status display. Good Zoom.Easy to use. Firmware upgrade capable.
1	Great Daytime shots. Functional Status display. good Zoom.Easy to apply. Firmware upgrade capable.
0	OK Reception. Only 3 download spaces for rings. OK durability.
0	OK Reception. Only terzetto download spaces for gang. OK durability.
1	The quality of the print is not bad.
1	The quality of the print is not unfit.
0	Ink can go fast if you print high quality photos or pictures regularly.
0	Ink can exit fast if you print high quality photos or visualize regularly.
0	Relative bulk, doesn't come in yellow
0	Relative bulk, doesn't semen in yellow
1	price
1	terms
1	Size IS everything. Forget clunkers. This goes with you everywhere.
1	Size live everything. Forget clunkers. This choke with you everywhere.
0	Crabcatch game reminds me of my wife.
0	Crabcatch gritty reminds me of my wife.
0	None
0	none
1	Just about everything- quality, result, ease of use, looks.
1	Just about everything- quality, result, ease of use, flavour.
0	It's a total piece of garbage.
0	It's a total part of garbage.
0	basket on bottom is small
0	basket on rear is small
0	Signal Strength, Keypad too small for some
0	Signal lastingness, Keypad too small for some
1	Easy to use, high resolution 3.2 MP ,Good picture quality , Affordable price
1	Easy to exercise, high resolution 3.2 MP ,Good flick quality , Affordable price
0	monkey's are not smart enough to use it!
0	monkey's are not saucy enough to use it!
0	Holds funny in hands
0	agree funny in hands
1	great picture quality, 6 color inks, border free printing
1	great picture quality, 6 color inks, border barren printing
0	High price, Cheap phone
0	High price, meretricious phone
1	small, excellent picture quality
1	small, excellent picture character
1	affordable, good for printing text
1	affordable, estimable for printing text
0	Small "phone" buttons, inside softkeys awkward
0	Small "phone" buttons, inside softkeys uneasy
0	No optical viewfinder, batteries are pricey and proprietary.
0	No opthalmic viewfinder, batteries are pricey and proprietary.
0	Speakerphone muffled if laid down, no timer, may have more features than you'll need
0	speakerphone muffled if laid down, no timer, may have more features than you'll penury
0	Lack of optical zoom.  Digital zoom too grainy.
0	Lack of optical whizz.  Digital zoom too grainy.
0	No voice dialing, a bit confusing menu, few and expensive accessories
0	No voice dialing, a bit blur menu, few and expensive accessary
1	Excellent reception. Easy to use. Intuitive. Good voice quality - built in equalizer. Not ugly.
1	Excellent reception. Easy to use. Intuitive. Good vocalism timbre - built in equalizer. Not ugly.
1	Brilliant Design, clear and sharp screen, MPEG4 playback, Quad band support, Bluetooth
1	brilliant Design, clear and sharp screen, MPEG4 playback, Quad band digest, Bluetooth
1	Reliable, high-quality printing at a bargain.
1	Reliable, high-quality impression at a bargain.
0	No USB or Parallel cable included.
0	No USB or Parallel cable include.
0	Internet access, email:  not as simple as advertised
0	Internet access, email:  not as uncomplicated as advertised
0	Small ink tanks, no USB cable
0	Small ink tanks, no USB telegraph
0	Then it died!, 
0	Then it exit!, 
0	Consumes batteries like an orbiting satellite... I'm sure.
0	Consumes batteries ilk an orbiting satellite... I'm sure.
0	A little on the bulky side.
0	A trivial on the bulky side.
0	can be more durable, speakerphone could be slightly improved
0	can be more durable, speakerphone could be slightly amend
1	excellent pictures for a 640
1	excellent movie for a 640
1	Excellent for college! Perfect size, durability, phonebook w/voice identification, PRICE, overall quality.
1	Excellent for college! Perfect size, durability, phonebook w/phonation recognition, PRICE, overall quality.
1	Inexpensive, High Resolution, Easy to Use
1	Inexpensive, High Resolution, Easy to employment
0	Paid so much I'm afraid to take it places
0	Paid so much I'm afraid to lease it places
0	Bulky, expensive
0	bulky, expensive
1	Faster printing, able to print large items such as posters
1	Faster printing, able to print large token such as placard
1	inexpensive, easy to use at first
1	inexpensive, easy to practice at first
1	grrrrreat photo quality
1	grrrrreat exposure quality
1	Too Many to List
1	Too Many to lean
1	Quality, size, fully auto but allows total control
1	Quality, size, fully auto but allows total restraint
0	Not good quality on the photos, no storage
0	Not right quality on the photos, no storage
0	No image stabilization, shutter/AF lag, 
0	No image stabilization, shutter/AF retardation, 
1	inexpensive, pretty good photo quality, fast for b&amp;w
1	inexpensive, pretty thoroughly photo quality, fast for b&amp;tungsten
0	grainy photos
0	coarse-grained photos
0	REALLY BUGGY!!
0	REALLY bats!!
1	10x Zoom lens, Many features
1	10x Zoom lens, Many characteristic
0	I sucked at Snake
0	single sucked at Snake
1	Easy to use, great pictures, great size
1	Easy to use, gravid pictures, great size
0	Heavy, poor reception, phone part can be tricky to operate with one hand.
0	Heavy, poor reception, phone split can be tricky to operate with one script.
0	Poor quality in almost every aspect, Not available in USB version
0	Poor quality in almost every aspect, Not uncommitted in USB variation
0	Paper jams. Fax misleading
0	Paper jams. Fax shoddy
0	Need a good Printer &amp;amp; the videos don't play in windows
0	penury a skillful Printer &amp;amp; the videos don't play in windows
1	Convenient, excellent for the photoholic!
1	Convenient, fantabulous for the photoholic!
0	No Optical Viewfinder
0	No ocular Viewfinder
0	The manual lacks beginners.  The lens cap could be better
0	The manual deficiency beginners.  The lens cap could be salutary
1	Great compact design, keyboard just the right size, lots of features!
1	Great squeeze design, keyboard just the right size, spate of features!
0	very badly designed user-interface/hotkeys.
0	very badly design user-interface/hotkeys.
1	High quality copies and low maintenance costs
1	High quality copies and down maintenance costs
0	none
0	none
0	Cost of Ink, Weight
0	be of Ink, Weight
1	Clear pictures, even at full zoom.
1	Clear film, even at full zoom.
1	uses floppy disk, easy to use
1	exercise floppy disk, easy to use
1	Advanced technology, very well-designed and reliable. Feature-packed.
1	Advanced technology, very well-designed and honest. Feature-packed.
1	nice pictures
1	nice project
1	Great Price, Great Design, Durable, Small
1	Great Price, Great Design, undestroyable, Small
1	light, good looking, parent tray, height adjustment
1	light, good wait, parent tray, height adjustment
0	Doesn't corner well, no basket.
0	Doesn't corner advantageously, no basket.
0	Included Memory card is small, cheap plastic doors (battery and CF)
0	Included Memory tease is small, cheap plastic doors (barrage and CF)
0	none of it very well
0	none of it very good
1	great UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
1	large UI, tiny size, prissy design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
0	None that i can think of!
0	None that i can believe of!
0	Bad reception, poor sound quality, bad design on the keypad.
0	Bad reception, poor voice quality, bad excogitation on the keypad.
0	Price ($1299) (relative)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Big, heavy
0	Price ($1299) (relative)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Big, impenetrable
1	Easy to use, nice software package.Takes great pics.
1	Easy to exercise, nice software package.Takes great pics.
0	Does not record sound
0	Does not record vocalise
0	Megapixel&amp;#13;&amp;#10;memory&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Megapixel&amp;#13;&amp;#10;memory&amp;#13;&ampere;#x;
0	Big for a phone
0	Big for a earpiece
1	Easy to use, quality
1	well-situated to use, quality
1	Quiet, fast, dependable, great price, easy memory expansion
1	Quiet, firm, dependable, great price, easy memory expansion
0	digital zoom has MUCH to improve on. This is a heavy camera.
0	digital zoom has practically to improve on. This is a wakeless camera.
1	good zoom, easy to use
1	good zoom, easy to utilise
0	plastic scrapes
0	plastic kowtow
1	Light, easy-to-use digital camera with great resolution
1	Light, easy-to-use digital camera with bang-up resolution
0	battery doesn't last long, phone directory is not easy to use
0	battery doesn't finale long, phone directory is not easily to use
0	Colors are dull, not much manual control
0	semblance are dull, not much manual control
1	it just as good any others out there
1	it just as undecomposed any others out there
0	Didn't come with a printer cable.
0	Didn't occur with a printer cable.
1	No more hassling with taking in and paying for film
1	No more hassling with consider in and yield for film
1	Light Weight, Menu, Color face plates
1	Light Weight, Menu, Color face plate
1	small size, tough case, great shots, fun add-ons
1	small-scale size, tough case, great shots, fun add-ons
1	Fast printer. Easy setup. Dependable.
1	Fast printer. tardily setup. Dependable.
0	Ink costs, but so do all multifunction printer ink.
0	Ink toll, but so do all multifunction printer ink.
1	cheap, reasonable quality
1	cheap, reasonable choice
0	poor zoom, 2-5 uses and you  have to buy another $10 battery
0	misfortunate zoom, 2-5 USA and you  have to buy another $10 battery
0	It's a bit annoying that you have to change cartridge for photo printings.
0	It's a sting rag that you have to change cartridge for photo printings.
0	big, low resolution
0	big, down resolution
0	Battery life, little customization, dim in some conditions, pricey.
0	Battery life, small customization, dim in some conditions, pricey.
1	Lots of useful features
1	muckle of useful features
1	many features, great quality
1	many characteristic, great quality
1	ease of use, light weight, portability
1	ease of use, idle weight, portability
0	ringer, no blue tooth, internet
0	ringer, no risque tooth, internet
0	Default settings 
0	default settings 
1	Durable and clear calls
1	Durable and clear yell
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash crisp, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
1	easy to download
1	prosperous to download
1	Durable flip phone,stylish,loud ringtone, reasonable price
1	Durable flip earpiece,stylish,loud ringtone, reasonable price
0	Sound could be better.
0	Sound could be break.
0	high ink costs, poor print quality
0	high ink costs, poor publish quality
1	Cheap,Durable 
1	gimcrack,Durable 
0	HORRIBLE Buttons, terrible for text messaging
0	frightful Buttons, terrible for text messaging
1	Portable, nice in service range
1	Portable, nice in service image
1	Inexpensive, good quality, good paper handling
1	Inexpensive, sound quality, good paper handling
0	No fax. Bigger than some of the newer models that do the same thing
0	No fax. Bigger than some of the newfangled poser that do the same thing
1	Six paints cartridge, great quality, magnificent details, good software
1	Six paints cartridge, bang-up quality, magnificent details, good software
1	It is very easy to use.  Takes a floppy disk to store pictures on.
1	It is very easy to use.  need a floppy disk to store ikon on.
0	Serial-only PC connection, blocky design sometimes hard to handle, FORGET about using it in sunlight.
0	Serial-only PC connection, blockish design sometimes hard to wield, FORGET about using it in sunshine.
0	price
0	cost
0	Turns itself on, low picture quality
0	Turns itself on, low figure quality
1	Compact size and extremely easy to use.
1	Compact size and extremely gentle to use.
0	Ridiculous that one single button controls all the modes.
0	Ridiculous that unmatched single button controls all the modes.
1	Small Size, Real Metal Cover, Style, No Chrome Cover, Battery Life, Custom Menu
1	Small Size, Real Metal Cover, vogue, No Chrome brood, Battery Life, Custom Menu
1	Cheap, Robust, USB connection, flash, cheap to run
1	Cheap, Robust, USB connection, flash, cheesy to run
1	Feature rich with superb battery life, but weaknesses overshadow strengths significantly.
1	Feature deep with superb battery living, but weaknesses overshadow strengths significantly.
1	everything in one kit; easy to use; decent photo quality for inexpensive camera
1	everything in unmatched kit; easy to role; decent photo quality for inexpensive camera
1	Dandy little camera. Great pictures.
1	gallant little camera. Great pictures.
0	price
0	cost
0	base difficult to install
0	infrastructure difficult to install
1	-lightweight/compact; very easy to use;excellent photo results
1	-lightweight/compact; very easy to habit;excellent photo results
0	A bit heavy, rocker control is hard to use
0	A bit heavy, rocker ascendency is hard to use
0	Pricey for the resolution, A little bulky, Transfer speed not fast enough
0	Pricey for the firmness, A little bulky, Transfer speed not dissipated enough
1	great optical zoom, works well in low light conditions, very vivid colors
1	great optic zoom, works well in low sluttish conditions, very vivid colors
0	Win98/95, Power Mac.
0	Win98/95, index Mac.
0	Price, Cost of Sprint Service
0	damage, Cost of Sprint Service
0	Battery life seems a bit short, soft ringer volume
0	Battery life seems a bit short-circuit, soft ringer volume
0	Not piles of memory, battery eater.
0	Not pot of memory, battery eater.
0	Breaks easily
0	rupture easily
1	compact, long battery life, clear screen
1	compact, long battery life, clear covert
1	Good quality, Good Price
1	right quality, Good Price
0	no optical viewfinder
0	no opthalmic viewfinder
0	every body is getting them, originality factor minimized.
0	every body is begin them, originality factor minimized.
0	iMacs must get a floppy drive.
0	iMacs must become a floppy drive.
0	Not small enough, instructions are a bit complicated
0	Not small enough, instructions are a routine complicated
0	Eudora internet browsing does not support online secure transactions
0	Eudora internet browsing does not funding online secure transactions
0	Lens cap cheap, doesn't stay on. Shadow on left of subject when using flash, , 
0	Lens pileus cheap, doesn't stop on. Shadow on left of subject when using flash, , 
0	web browser could be more user friendly
0	entanglement browser could be more user friendly
1	Lightweight, decent photos, fun to use, good software.
1	Lightweight, decent photos, fun to use, just software.
1	Lightweight and nice design
1	Lightweight and Nice design
0	Battery life could be improved
0	barrage life could be improved
0	battery life, battery life, battery life
0	battery life, battery life, battery animation
0	a bit expensive, as just released,
0	a bit expensive, as just resign,
1	Quick easy setup, simple USB connection with XP. User friendly options/settings menu.
1	Quick easy setup, uncomplicated USB joining with XP. User friendly options/settings menu.
0	Speaker phone, shuts off, doesn't hold a charge.
0	Speaker phone, shuts off, doesn't detention a charge.
0	Bait and Switch Strategies by CAMERA ZONE, CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA
0	Bait and swap strategy by CAMERA ZONE, CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA
0	Bad voice quality by default, pathetic battery life, no drivers, no bluetooth.
0	Bad interpreter choice by default, pathetic battery life, no drivers, no bluetooth.
0	Red Eye, 4 MB card, and battery drainage.
0	cherry-red Eye, 4 MB card, and battery drainage.
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	Watch that barrage strength if you use Bluetooth.
1	Easy use
1	Easy purpose
0	short battery life.
0	little battery life.
0	some small ones, read the review!
0	some little ones, read the review!
1	Cool phone with laptop connectivity kit
1	Cool call with laptop connectivity kit
0	obvious manufacture cost cutting, lousy workmanship
0	obvious manufacture cost curve, lousy workmanship
1	unbeatable portability, ease of use
1	unbeatable portability, ease of habit
1	Fantastic photo quality! Able to run without being connected to a computer.
1	Fantastic photo caliber! Able to prevail without being connected to a computer.
0	Text Quality was blurry Photos nowhere near the quality of the HP5550 
0	Text calibre was blurred Photos nowhere near the quality of the HP5550 
1	Print direct from your digital memory cards. Borderless printing at 4x6 Snapshot Size.
1	Print direct from your digital memory menu. Borderless impression at 4x6 Snapshot Size.
1	Nice features set, support microdrive, user friendly
1	Nice features do, support microdrive, user friendly
1	Great print quality
1	swell print quality
1	More multi-capability than most in price range, standalones, easy setup, good resolution. XP compatible.
1	More multi-capability than most in price grade, standalones, easy setup, dependable resolution. XP compatible.
0	none
0	none
0	NONE
0	none
0	size, weight
0	sizing, weight
0	Buttons are a little unwieldy, camera is low quality, and bluetooth is not fully functional.
0	Buttons are a piddling clunky, camera is low quality, and bluetooth is not fully operable.
0	size
0	sizing
0	slow, but hey, you're printing a PHOTO
0	deadening, but hey, you're printing a PHOTO
0	heavy, expensive
0	intemperate, expensive
0	quiet speaker in large crowds, hinge is kind of cheap (quality wise), not many features
0	hushed speaker in large crowds, hinge is kind of crummy (quality saucy), not many features
1	Long battery life, great speakerphone, great phone book features, great size, weight and feel
1	Long battery lifespan, great speakerphone, great phone book features, slap-up size, weight and feel
0	Cost little more than I like
0	Cost little more than I same
0	so-so plain paper text, MUST have good photo paper, no cable included
0	so-so kick paper text, MUST have goodness photo paper, no cable included
0	A bit expensive...
0	A routine expensive...
0	menu-intensive, but i think i've figured them out!
0	menu-intensive, but i cogitate i've figured them out!
1	Quality Printing and Scanning
1	choice Printing and Scanning
0	Get some rechargeable batteries.
0	experience some rechargeable batteries.
1	Versatility, economical, easy to use, quality results
1	Versatility, economical, easy to use, select results
0	not a great camera, not a whole lot of features.
0	not a bully camera, not a whole peck of features.
1	The SUV of strollers.  It will go through anything. 
1	The SUV of strollers.  It will conk through anything. 
0	http://www.epinions.com/welcome.html?member=schumanfu2  
0	http://www.epinions.com/receive.html?member=schumanfu2  
0	Battery life, quality sux, no games
0	Battery life, timber sux, no games
1	good price, low cost ink cartridge, compact size
1	good price, low cost ink cartridge, stocky size
0	Can't make calls, can't keep a call on the phone...
0	Can't make call, can't keep a call on the telephone...
0	Difficult to focus in poor light conditions.
0	Difficult to focus in poor faint conditions.
0	Bulky
0	bulky
0	Running costs, being up to 14.4c per page
0	Running costs, being up to xiv.4c per page
1	Small
1	diminished
1	Great quality, Fast, quiet after start up
1	Great quality, fast, quiet after start up
1	There are way too many things that are good about this camera
1	There are agency too many things that are well about this camera
1	Small size, 4.0 Megapixels, can record video, 
1	Small size, 4.0 Megapixels, can read video, 
1	- Aesthetically pleasing, and highly functional.
1	- Aesthetically pleasing, and highly working.
1	ease of use,picture quality,privacy,features
1	facilitate of use,picture quality,privacy,features
0	cartridge installation is a bit tricky, $29 cartridges, only comes with a color cartridge
0	cartridge installation is a burn guileful, $29 cartridges, only comes with a color cartridge
0	None
0	none
0	Proprietary memory modules. Body could be sleeker. Weak Software.
0	Proprietary memory modules. Body could be silken. Weak Software.
0	No Speaker Phone Feature, Potentially Fragile, May be too high tech for some
0	no Speaker Phone Feature, Potentially Fragile, May be too heights tech for some
0	You never know when the ink is running low
0	You never know when the ink is unravel low
0	no gadgets or geegaws
0	no contraption or geegaws
0	Have not found one yet
0	give not found one yet
0	Optical viewfinder edges aren't well defined, but that's IT!
0	Optical viewfinder inch aren't well defined, but that's IT!
0	If you print photos, ink runs out quickly.  Hi-res printing is slow.
0	If you print photos, ink endure out quickly.  Hi-res printing is ho-hum.
0	Image quality is poor without good lighting, may break if dropped, 
0	Image quality is poor without effective lighting, may part if dropped, 
1	Loud earpiece, mp3 rings, games, speakerphone, battery life
1	Loud earpiece, mp3 telephone, games, speakerphone, battery life
0	Lack of knowledgeable support from Kodak
0	Lack of knowledgeable affirm from Kodak
1	5 Megapixels, IR pics in total darkness!, JPG + MPG video!
1	fivesome Megapixels, IR pics in aggregate darkness!, JPG + MPG video!
0	Print Cartridges expensive, No on screen visual of ink tank capacity
0	Print Cartridges expensive, No on sieve visual of ink cooler capacity
0	Not a single one 
0	Not a unity one 
0	Viewfinder not accurate, clunky size, delay when snapping photo - action shots difficult to capture.
0	Viewfinder not accurate, clunky size, delay when photograph photo - action scene difficult to capture.
0	cannot use without base, handle is awkward, 2 recalls within 1 year, expensive
0	cannot use without base, manage is awkward, ii recalls within 1 year, expensive
1	-Easy to use
1	-Easy to role
0	No AC adapter, LCD and USB Kills battery's 
0	No AC adapter, LCD and USB kill battery's 
0	seems a little fragile
0	seems a minuscule fragile
1	Price, quality of printing
1	cost, quality of printing
0	Small memory card and no USB connectivity
0	minuscule memory card and no USB connectivity
1	Smooth running style
1	Smooth running mode
0	wewweefc
0	wewweefc
0	Time to turn on-off
0	Time to ferment on-off
0	None to date
0	None to engagement
0	Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
0	Phone is moderately hefty and doesn't primed into a pocket!
0	Doesn't  have a swivel body. 
0	Doesn't  have a swivel torso. 
1	Small, light, great battery life, bluetooth enabled, good organizer
1	Small, Light, great battery life, bluetooth enabled, good organizer
1	convenient, user- friendly, great price
1	convenient, user- friendly, keen price
1	Good mobile internet access, usable keyboard, bluetooth
1	near mobile internet access, usable keyboard, bluetooth
1	Great image quality, easy to use
1	Great image lineament, easy to use
0	Goes through batteries fast, dark display on LCD and optical viewfinder
0	blend through batteries fast, wickedness display on LCD and optical viewfinder
0	eats batteries
0	eats shelling
1	Excellent Quality. Even great for a Pro!
1	Excellent Quality. Even slap-up for a Pro!
0	black text could be better
0	black text could be practiced
1	Color screen, great price (free), fairly stylish, polyphonic ring tones
1	Color screen, nifty price (detached), fairly stylish, polyphonic ring tones
1	easy to use,LCD,Good quality,Price,stylish
1	easy to use,LCD,right quality,Price,stylish
1	Small size for a non folding phone, good battery life, intuitive O/S.
1	humble size for a non folding phone, good battery spirit, intuitive O/S.
0	Forever to boot., Separate ink cartridges tend to absorb into one another over time.
0	incessantly to boot., offprint ink cartridges tend to absorb into one another over time.
0	nothing!
0	zero!
1	Incredible Detail, Light, Nice Accessories, Ease of Use
1	Incredible Detail, fall, Nice Accessories, Ease of Use
1	Quality printing, Quick Copying, Photo printing, Scanning, paper handling
1	Quality printing, Quick Copying, exposure printing, Scanning, paper handling
1	Professional quality for pennys
1	pro quality for pennys
0	Keypad is very hard to use
0	Keypad is very hard to usance
1	Light, thin, small, good voice quality, good battery life, good camera & flash
1	Light, thin, small, unspoilt voice quality, good battery life, good camera & scoot
1	Runs good (when it works)
1	Runs honest (when it works)
0	Slow to pull up pictures that have already been taken
0	Slow to attract up characterisation that have already been taken
0	Photos are not clear, noisy operation, software needs improvement, reliability questionable.
0	Photos are not enlighten, noisy operation, package needs improvement, reliability questionable.
0	fixed lens, no lcd viewer 
0	desexualise lens, no lcd viewer 
0	Camera is sufficient.
0	camera is sufficient.
0	Holds only small quantity of paper in feeder
0	wait only small quantity of paper in feeder
1	Great Software Comes With Camera
1	Great Software derive With Camera
1	Incredible range of features, high quality pics, over 2megapixels
1	Incredible range of features, high tone pics, over 2megapixels
0	poor picture quality, cheap construction, lack of lense cover
0	pitiable picture quality, cheap construction, lack of lense cover
1	dwedwe
1	dwedwe
0	slow printing
0	tiresome printing
0	It is hard to fold.
0	It is unvoiced to fold.
1	the look of it, the weight
1	the feel of it, the weight
1	Reasonable cost, Fast, great quality, cancel button.
1	Reasonable cost, Fast, great quality, offset button.
0	A little too small for my fat fingers, but not a big deal... :~)
0	axerophthol little too small for my fat fingers, but not a big cover... :~)
1	VERY SMALL, GOOD PICTURE QUALITY, WATERPROOF PICTURES, TEAR FREE PICTURES
1	VERY SMALL, GOOD depiction QUALITY, WATERPROOF PICTURES, TEAR justify PICTURES
0	Sometimes causes computer lag before it starts printing
0	Sometimes causes computer lag before it get printing
1	Easy to use
1	comfortable to use
1	Great photos
1	Great exposure
0	delay between pictures
0	delay between characterisation
0	Dynamic quality issues
0	Dynamic tone issues
1	small, walkie talkie, cheap
1	small, walkie talkie, bum
0	Attempt at using refill inks was disasterous. Printhead replacement very expensive oustside warranty period.
0	assay at exploitation refill inks was disasterous. Printhead replacement very expensive oustside warranty period.
1	Neat camera and video.
1	Neat camera and television.
1	takes good pictures, easy to use, ability to add lenses
1	takes good delineation, easy to purpose, ability to add lenses
0	See review body for all cons
0	realise review body for all cons
0	None
0	none
0	Supplied battery NP-F330. I recommend the NP-F550.
0	issue battery NP-F330. I recommend the NP-F550.
0	A little big, comes only with NiMH Battery, Not Lithium Ion
0	A little great, seed only with NiMH Battery, Not Lithium Ion
0	inhales batteries, 2x zoom
0	inhales batteries, 2x surge
0	ear speaker sometimes gets warm during extended conversations
0	ear speaker sometimes gets warm during extensive conversations
0	An ink hog, noisy, unreliable print quality
0	An ink hog, noisy, unreliable print choice
0	Finish dulls and scratches easily, battery pops out easily
0	Finish dulls and scratches easily, shelling pops out easily
1	Non-proprietary batteries (AA) and storage (CF), small, lcd viewscreen, 3 resolutions
1	Non-proprietary battery (AA) and storage (CF), small-scale, lcd viewscreen, 3 resolutions
1	4 mpixels. Huge assortment of accessories. Infinitely many shooting options.
1	4 mpixels. Huge categorisation of accessories. Infinitely many pullulate options.
1	Durability, Clarity, Battery Life
1	enduringness, Clarity, Battery Life
1	Great  performance, Easy to read screen.
1	Great  performance, loose to read screen.
0	the usual small-camera cons: some red eye, just ok flash, smaller battery
0	the usual small-camera cons: some red eye, just ok tawdry, littler battery
1	light, easy open &amp;amp; close, durable, nice looking, convenient
1	light, easy open &amp;amp; close, durable, overnice appear, convenient
1	Quality Pictures
1	Quality pic
1	Cheap Cheerful and Small
1	Cheap Cheerful and belittled
1	nice battery life, sleek, light
1	gracious battery life, sleek, light
0	Unsturdy Battery, Muffled Sound
0	Unsturdy Battery, Muffled reasoned
0	None Right Now!!!
0	None rightfulness Now!!!
0	no recharge-able battery
0	no recharge-able bombardment
0	$300 price tag is just too much
0	$300 Price tag is just too much
1	Cheap, fast, excellent print quality
1	flash, fast, excellent print quality
0	Not many, still want that camera phone. LOL
0	Not many, withal want that camera phone. LOL
1	Bluetooth, Speaker phone, Big Address Book, Camera and Camcorder, FREE, seems to be solid phone.
1	Bluetooth, Speaker phone, Big cover Book, Camera and Camcorder, destitute, seems to be self-coloured phone.
0	canopy cannot be moved to the front to block the sun 
0	canopy cannot be prompt to the front to lug the sun 
0	Battery Life, Keypad
0	Battery animation, Keypad
0	pricey
0	pricy
0	fax lacks ability to work with Office XP addresses; continual envelope jams
0	fax lacks ability to go with authority XP addresses; continual envelope jams
1	10X Zoom, Floppy Drive, Reasonable price
1	10X Zoom, Floppy parkway, Reasonable price
1	Lightweight, Bright, Clear Screen and Has an amazing amount of features.
1	Lightweight, smart, Clear blind and Has an amazing amount of features.
0	Everything
0	Everything
1	nice photos, software works well
1	overnice photos, software works well
0	slow; installation breaks; expensive ink
0	slow; facility breaks; expensive ink
1	Features, quality made, features
1	Features, quality realize, features
1	cheapest phone offered by cingular
1	cheapest call offered by cingular
1	Easy to handle, no flip front!
1	Easy to handle, no tack front!
1	Prints excellent photo quality, compact, easy use and maintenance, USB
1	Prints excellent photo timber, compact, easy habituate and maintenance, USB
1	Simple, good quality
1	Simple, safe quality
1	great reception, light weight & small. Easy to use.
1	great reception, light weight & small. Easy to purpose.
1	Voice dialing, terrific battery life, great reception!
1	Voice dialing, terrific battery life-time, great reception!
0	Poor battery life, huge size, poor features
0	pathetic battery life, huge size, poor features
1	Everything, excellent photo quality
1	Everything, excellent photo select
0	Not compatible with Windows ME
0	Not compatible with Windows Maine
0	Slow processing speeds, poor battery capacity
0	decelerate processing speeds, poor battery capacity
0	A little slow (faster when printing with a computer)
0	A little decelerate (faster when printing with a computer)
1	It is small, takes great photos, durable, excellent value for the price.
1	It is small, consider nifty photos, durable, excellent value for the price.
0	Windows 2000 driver is very bad, hopefully it has been updated.
0	windowpane 2000 driver is very high-risk, hopefully it has been updated.
1	Compact. Well thought out.Cool looking
1	Compact. good thought out.Cool looking
1	Great reception, better camera, good looks, Bluetooth
1	Great reception, better camera, good face, Bluetooth
0	expensive, itty-bitty basket
0	expensive, wee basket
0	slow at printing pictures
0	slack at printing pictures
0	Lens Cap needs a strap (already lost mine), Need a lot of accessories
0	Lens Cap needs a strap (already lost mine), take a mass of accessories
0	Still high cost, no duplexer, no infrared port, see cons in review
0	Still mellow cost, no duplexer, no infrared port, see cons in brushup
0	Smart Media Card, not enough manual functions
0	smarting Media Card, not enough manual functions
0	Falls apart
0	come apart
1	good looking,sexy, attracts attention, flashy
1	ripe looking,sexy, attracts attention, flashy
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to apply
0	must purchase ac power adapter separately
0	must purchase ac office adapter separately
1	Ease of use, functions, low cost
1	Ease of use, functions, depression cost
0	Short battery life
0	Short battery lifetime
0	Ink cost
0	Ink price
0	when the computer is down, it won't work
0	when the computer is down, it won't workplace
0	Small basket, not fully reclining.
0	low basket, not fully reclining.
0	short battery life-have solution, external battery pack
0	short battery life-have solution, external battery ingroup
0	Making quality photos uses excessive ink.  
0	hold quality photos uses excessive ink.  
1	Excellent performance, longevity
1	fantabulous performance, longevity
1	Value,style,convenience
1	appraise,style,convenience
0	need both hands to fold or unfold!
0	need both manus to fold or unfold!
0	Noisy lens, alot to learn (numerous functions)
0	Noisy lens, alot to see (numerous functions)
1	Lots of options and extremely durable. Direct-connect is a huge money saver
1	lots of options and extremely long-lasting. Direct-connect is a huge money saver
1	Photo quality excellent, hard to tell from originals.  Wonderful bundled software and 4x6 photopaper tray.
1	Photo quality excellent, hard to assure from pilot.  marvelous bundled software and 4x6 photopaper tray.
0	None
0	none
0	gold face plate standard
0	gold face scale standard
1	Fantastic battery life, speakerphone, high-contrast display, charger.
1	Fantastic battery biography, speakerphone, high-contrast display, charger.
1	Good combination of features/price/quality
1	practiced combination of features/price/quality
0	drains batteries quickly
0	drains batteries rapidly
1	 No special attachments needed , 10X zoom, built-in flash, LCD viewer
1	 No exceptional attachment needed , 10X zoom, built-in flash, LCD viewer
0	LCD screen not very bright, No way to connect striaght to TV.
0	LCD screen not very bright, No style to unite striaght to TV.
1	Nice screen and keyboard
1	courteous screen and keyboard
1	Does a Great Job
1	Does a cracking Job
1	Small size, great design, interchangeable faceplates
1	Small size, majuscule design, interchangeable faceplates
0	Jams a lot, sometimes prints slow, seems to have a mind of its own
0	Jams a mickle, sometimes prints slow, seems to have a beware of its own
0	None, for this price range
0	None, for this price cast
0	no side buttons, a little thick
0	no incline buttons, a little thick
1	none
1	none
0	Have to Listen to Boss
0	hold to Listen to Boss
0	No storage area.  Wheels sometimes difficult to turn.
0	No storage area.  Wheels sometimes difficult to sour.
1	grat camera
1	grat camera
1	Size, Weight, Picture Quality, Memory Size, USB connection
1	Size, weight, Picture Quality, Memory Size, USB connection
0	Wasted Ink, Jammed Paper
0	devastate Ink, Jammed Paper
1	OK reception, nice ringtone quality, small and light
1	OK reception, nice ringtone quality, small and light-headed
1	the cooliest
1	the cooliest
0	No lens cover
0	No lens concealment
1	Sturdy, reliable; easy to learn.
1	Sturdy, reliable; easy to take.
0	Expensive toner cartridges and cost per page, decent photo quality.
0	Expensive toner cartridges and price per page, decent photo prize.
0	Occasional errors in communication with computer. Annoying voice.
0	Occasional errors in communication with computer. Annoying articulation.
0	cheap carry strap, short battery life, no 12 volt adapter
0	cheap channel lash, short battery life, no 12 volt adapter
1	High quality color and laser sharp text, ease of use.
1	High quality color and laser sharp-worded text, ease of manipulation.
1	dependable, stylish, small
1	secure, stylish, small
0	Documentations may not be as thorough to explain features.
0	Documentations may not be as thorough to explain lineament.
0	None
0	none
0	Battery Hog.  Slight pause before picture is actually taken.  Can't attach a telescopic lens.
0	Battery Hog.  Slight pause before characterisation is actually guide.  Can't attach a telescopic lens.
0	Poor design, reception, bluetooth, speed and a whole lot more.
0	Poor excogitation, reception, bluetooth, zip and a whole lot more.
1	Great pictures, adjustable LCD, lots of features. long battery life
1	bully pictures, adjustable LCD, lots of features. long battery lifespan
1	great product. does work w/XP.  
1	neat product. does work w/XP.  
1	Easy to use and yet complete control
1	easy to use and yet complete control
1	scheduler, games, clear signal, stylish.
1	scheduler, games, well-defined signal, stylish.
1	Fundamentally usable. Well spaced buttons.
1	Fundamentally useable. Well spaced buttons.
0	Slippery exterior, No internet access, Non-adjustable font size, Speaker phone
0	Slippery exterior, No internet entree, Non-adjustable font size, Speaker call
1	Does the job!
1	Does the speculate!
0	Phone software is sketchy, Has frozen several times, Not the sturdiest phone out there.
0	earpiece software is sketchy, Has frozen several sentence, Not the sturdiest phone out there.
0	Comes with small memory stick (16 MB) and camera is rather large.
0	Comes with small memory stick (16 mebibyte) and camera is rather orotund.
1	Small size, stainless steel casing, usb computer connection, looks.
1	Small size, stainless steel encase, usb computer connection, looks.
0	Cost initially and replacements parts, if needed are a little difficult to use if your not a little handy with some tools.
0	Cost initially and refilling parts, if ask are a little difficult to employment if your not a piffling handy with some tools.
0	Menu too imbedded, making choices/changes difficult
0	Menu too imbedded, making choice/changes difficult
0	It does not have cup holders or a place to store shopping bags or a diaper bag.
0	It does not have cup holders or a piazza to store shop bags or a diaper handbag.
1	Sound,Memory card, Bluetooth
1	Sound,Memory add-in, Bluetooth
1	It takes good detailed pictures if it does not break first.
1	It takes good detail pictures if it does not break-dance first.
0	Off center viewfinder, poor quality images.
0	Off center viewfinder, pitiful quality images.
1	Battery Lasts Forever.  Can Do Everything Except The Dishes.
1	Battery Lasts Forever.  butt Do Everything Except The Dishes.
0	You could probably get a better picture with a more expensive camera
0	You could probably incur a better photo with a more expensive camera
0	had to buy reader for my iMac
0	had to buy lector for my iMac
0	A little larger than it's predecessor the 8260. Faceplates chip easily.
0	amp little larger than it's predecessor the 8260. Faceplates chip well.
0	Poor battery life, bad menu design/interface, weak coverage by Nextel in non-metro areas and spotty coverage in metro-areas, fewer niceties than on comparable fones
0	short battery sprightliness, bad menu design/interface, decrepit coverage by Nextel in non-metro areas and spotty reportage in metro-areas, fewer subtlety than on comparable fones
0	A little too bulky, battery hog, poor PC connection.
0	A little too bulky, battery hog, poor PC connector.
1	Great Device
1	majuscule Device
1	GREAT photo quality, fast printing, quiet
1	swell photo quality, fast printing, quiet
1	call waiting, speed dial, ringer change, key guard
1	call waiting, amphetamine dial, ringer change, key guard
0	everything else is better
0	everything else is ameliorate
1	Ease to use ...
1	allay to use ...
0	Higher priced and batteries are consumed rapidly
0	Higher price and batteries are consumed rapidly
1	Nice size. Good battery life. Easy to use.
1	Nice size. Good battery life. Easy to consumption.
1	robust, intuitive
1	full-bodied, intuitive
0	battery dies without warning. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
0	battery dies without cautionary. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
1	A3, very fast
1	A3, very truehearted
0	slow print speed, uses alot of ink
0	slow print speed, utilise alot of ink
1	excellent picture quality
1	fantabulous picture quality
1	Very easy to use
1	Very easy to utilisation
0	short battery lifespan.
0	curtly battery lifespan.
1	Good Value, separate ink cartridges, Windows XP Drivers, Fast
1	right Value, separate ink cartridges, Windows XP Drivers, Fast
0	battery power
0	bombardment power
1	Excellent print quality; easily set up.
1	Excellent print quality; easily pose up.
1	Fairly reliable; excellent battery life; easy to use
1	Fairly reliable; excellent battery biography; easy to use
0	Upgradeability
0	Upgradeability
0	limited features
0	modified features
1	Nothing good to say.  Product was of no use and returned.
1	Nothing goodness to suppose.  Product was of no use and returned.
0	Keys almost indistinguishable by touch.
0	Keys most indistinguishable by touch.
0	More expensive than cx3200 at nearly same features, moves a lot and loud paper loading
0	More expensive than cx3200 at nearly same boast, moves a lot and gimcrack paper laden
1	Fun, relatively easy to use, makes short video clips, good pictures
1	Fun, relatively easy to use, attain short video clips, secure pictures
1	Large buttons, easy navigation, great pictures, easy to use.
1	Large buttons, easy navigation, great visualise, easy to use.
0	Pictures can be blurry. Phone sometimes blacks out.
0	word-painting can be blurry. Phone sometimes blacks out.
0	Signal Reception, Coverage Area.
0	point Reception, Coverage Area.
1	Fast easy setup, picture perfect photo's, low price
1	Fast easy setup, picture staring photo's, low price
0	None, except if you want a camera phone and internet.
0	none, except if you want a camera call and internet.
0	But, doesn't mean you should part with your money.
0	But, doesn't mean you should parting with your money.
1	Awesome quality, great color prints. Quick and quiet.
1	Awesome quality, groovy color prints. Quick and quiet.
1	Great, sharp pictures. Good Macro. Ability to manually control settings.
1	Great, penetrating pictures. secure Macro. Ability to manually control settings.
1	More Pixels to Pesos
1	More pel to Pesos
0	Cartridge change electronics / printer driver
0	pickup change electronics / printer driver
0	Startup Speed
0	Startup hurrying
1	Great compact size(not too small), lightweight, tons of features, back and front changeable faceplates
1	swell compact size(not too small), lightweight, tons of features, rearward and presence changeable faceplates
1	Best bang for the buck
1	topper bang for the buck
0	Web Browser errors that lock up the phone
0	Web Browser errors that mesh up the phone
1	Reliable and affordable
1	reliable and affordable
1	Great zoom 16x, storage on floppy disks, good pictures
1	Great zoom 16x, storage on floppy disks, near pictures
1	More goodies than other umbrella strollers
1	More dainty than other umbrella strollers
1	Features for the price
1	Features for the toll
1	Great for the price
1	Great for the toll
0	has an antenna, poor reception, poor battery life
0	has an antenna, poor reception, poor battery sprightliness
0	Battery life seems to vary between good and merely adequate. 
0	Battery life seems to deviate between upright and merely adequate. 
0	None for what I need the camera for.
0	None for what one need the camera for.
0	not well-designed for taller people, locking latch is difficult, instructions, not good in rough terrain, price
0	not well-designed for taller people, locking latch is difficult, teaching, not good in approximate terrain, Price
0	Battery life, reception, durability, no web browser
0	barrage life, reception, durability, no web browser
0	Loud as anything I have ever heard! As slow as Mother Theresa to a strip joint.
0	Loud as anything I have ever heard! angstrom behind as Mother Theresa to a funnies joint.
0	Battery life, text messaging is inferior to other carriers, bulky antenna, cannot fit in pocket.
0	bombardment life, text messaging is inferior to other postman, bulky antenna, cannot convulsion in pocket.
1	Nice compact Cellular Phone!
1	Nice compress Cellular Phone!
0	not the most attractive model
0	not the most attractive mold
1	Excellent picture quality; Ease of use.
1	Excellent picture quality; Ease of consumption.
1	size, speed, noise
1	size, speeding, noise
0	DISK NOT A GOOD IDEA...
0	DISK NOT A goodness IDEA...
1	Ease of use, size, price
1	Ease of expend, size, price
0	ink refills a little pricey
0	ink refills a lilliputian pricey
1	Best reception along with clarity, durability for high usage users.
1	Best reception on with clarity, durability for high custom users.
0	Cheap faulty camera
0	bum faulty camera
1	Color Screen, Small/Sleek Size, Customization, Colorful Faceplates, Lots of Features, Cheap! $$
1	Color Screen, Small/Sleek Size, Customization, Colorful Faceplates, passel of Features, chintzy! $$
1	Cost, quality of photos
1	Cost, quality of photo
0	Ferocious use of batteries
0	Ferocious use of bombardment
0	battery life, text message and/or web access requirement for downloading ring tones
0	battery life, text message and/or web access requirement for downloading surround flavor
1	Great price for features
1	Great price for have
1	Great phone
1	keen phone
0	None!
0	none!
1	Very good resolution, quick printing, quite affordable, supports PC and Mac.
1	Very full resolving, quick printing, quite affordable, supports PC and Mac.
0	Little too big for pocket; not cheap.
0	Little too bounteous for pocket; not cheap.
1	Affordable Laser Printing
1	Affordable Laser publish
0	No zoom.
0	No whizz.
1	Easy to use. Great photos even in a very dark room.
1	prosperous to use. Great photos even in a very darkness room.
0	Faceplates scratch easily :( Volume doesn't go high enough?
0	Faceplates scratch easily :( Volume doesn't go mellow enough?
1	Two-sided printing, quiet, long lasting ink cartridges, envelope feed, quality print
1	Two-sided printing, quiet, long lasting ink cartridges, envelope provender, tone print
0	Large form factor, no hot-shoe
0	Large organise factor, no hot-shoe
0	Manual a little overwhelming at first, Smart media disk is only 8MB.
0	Manual a niggling overwhelming at first, Smart medium disk is only 8MB.
1	Solid construction. A lot of features(most I never use)
1	Solid construction. A bunch of features(most I never utilize)
0	Number of Keys required to press to view address book
0	Number of identify required to press to view cover book
0	waste of money
0	wild of money
0	It cost money to use it :)
0	It cost money to usage it :)
1	Sleek, Flip Phone, Outlook, Internet Explorer, Instant Messenger, Windows Media Player, All in One Device
1	Sleek, Flip Phone, expectation, Internet Explorer, inst Messenger, Windows metier Player, All in One Device
0	Loves to eat those batteries.
0	eff to eat those batteries.
0	Digital Zoom a little fuzzy, need to purchase a carry case.
0	Digital surge a little fuzzy, need to purchase a stockpile case.
0	None that I noticed.
0	None that ace noticed.
1	Lightweight, Relatively small, Good reception
1	Lightweight, Relatively small, honorable reception
1	cheap, lightweight, easy to use
1	cheap, lightweight, well-to-do to use
1	Great quality pics,compact and a great buy at $400
1	Great prime pics,compact and a great bargain at $400
1	Colour, Small, Light, good-looking, well featured, Lots of technology
1	discolor, Small, Light, good-looking, well featured, Lots of technology
0	Slippery Case, Poor Lens Cover Design,slow uploads
0	Slippery Case, Poor Lens Cover Design,tardily uploads
1	great pictures, no connection needed to download, saves to disk
1	great film, no connection needed to download, write to disk
1	Good Cost. Basic Functional phone. Fulfills the need of a cell phone. Calendar function.
1	skilful Cost. Basic running phone. Fulfills the need of a cell phone. Calendar function.
0	faceplate falls off when dropped
0	faceplate strike off when dropped
1	Picture and sound quality, storage space, durable, flash,
1	Picture and healthy quality, storage space, durable, flash,
1	Compact, Easy to use, Canon
1	Compact, Easy to habit, Canon
1	Lightweight
1	whippersnapper
1	excellent clarity 
1	excellent lucidness 
1	price, photo quality, built in memory
1	price, photo quality, built in retention
0	The phone is non-intuitive
0	The telephone is non-intuitive
0	No alphabetized phone book
0	No alphabetized phone Book
1	easy to use, cheap media
1	easy to expend, cheap media
1	Battery life, durability, sound quality
1	Battery life, durability, strait quality
0	MPG compression a little cheesy
0	MPG compression a little sleazy
1	Light, ergonomic design, easy to use and navigate, sturdy, lots of features.
1	Light, ergonomic design, well-situated to use and navigate, sturdy, circle of features.
0	I have had this printer for a while and there is no problems with it. (NO paper jams or anything else)
0	ace have had this printer for a while and there is no trouble with it. (NO newspaper obstruct or anything else)
0	Slow interface, fragile flip, buggy firmware, small screen
0	Slow interface, fragile flip, whacky firmware, small screen
0	price
0	Price
0	None really
0	None very
1	Price, ease of use, quality of construction and printing
1	Price, ease of utilisation, quality of construction and printing
1	lightweight, easy to use, 6x optical zoom, optical viewfinder 
1	lightweight, easy to utilisation, 6x optical zoom, optical viewfinder 
1	Fast, quality printing for any project
1	Fast, calibre printing for any project
0	The flash doesn't work very well at a distance.
0	The ostentation doesn't work very well at a distance.
1	Caller ID, Voice Activated, Number Saving, Price
1	Caller ID, Voice Activated, Number salvage, Price
0	6 ppm
0	VI ppm
0	Photos are a little grainy
0	Photos are a little gritty
0	Lens retract feature, Alkaline battery life
0	Lens resile feature, Alkaline battery life
0	Have not found yet
0	Have not chance yet
1	Thin, web options, down load voice mail to phone, built in voice command
1	Thin, web options, down incumbrance vocalization mail to phone, built in voice command
1	Does a good job!
1	Does a skillful job!
0	price 
0	toll 
0	Small buttons,small display,no speaker phone,not Bluetooth compatible.
0	Small buttons,small show,no talker phone,not Bluetooth compatible.
1	Great color response in daylight.  Excellent lens quality and zoom factor.
1	gravid colouring response in daylight.  Excellent lens quality and zoom factor.
1	Compact, Feature laden, Great Zoom for size and reasonable price.
1	Compact, boast laden, expectant Zoom for size and reasonable price.
1	Borderless, durable ink, USB &amp; parallel, easy setup, on-screen ink monitor, decent photos
1	Borderless, long-wearing ink, USB &amp; parallel, leisurely setup, on-screen ink monitor, decent photos
0	VCast mostly a gimmick, calendar sync to Outlook is messy.
0	VCast mostly a gimmick, calendar synchronise to prospect is messy.
0	You have to manually open the flash
0	You have to manually open the flashing
1	Good quality print, Compaq support was great (once they were on the phone line).
1	Good quality print, Compaq brook was great (once they were on the phone occupation).
1	Almost everything! Excellent reception, cool color screen, no problems so far.
1	Almost everything! Excellent reception, cool discolour screenland, no problems so far.
0	pitiful wide angle, clunky handling
0	pitiful wide angle, clunky treatment
1	Very Small, Very Clear, Great Features, Very Easy To Use
1	Very small-scale, Very Clear, Great Features, Very Easy To utilise
0	short battery life
0	myopic battery life
0	Color representation is off and prints with "venetian-blind" effect - discernible horizontal delineation from printhead.
0	colorise histrionics is off and prints with "venetian-blind" effect - discernible horizontal delineation from printhead.
0	Expensive.
0	expensive.
0	Little slow.
0	Little tiresome.
0	Software hard to install when using USB cables
0	Software hard to install when using USB wire
1	Price, speed, DPS, Quality
1	Price, velocity, DPS, Quality
0	No IS and purple fringe in a few pics
0	No exist and purple fringe in a few pics
1	interchangeable lenses,great images
1	interchangeable lenses,great project
1	Thin, thin but yet with enough power to transmit
1	Thin, thin but yet with enough power to broadcast
1	Really Great Looking Pictures. Good Price. 
1	Really Great wait Pictures. Good Price. 
0	None
0	none
0	Price, almost too 'user friendly'
0	toll, almost too 'user friendly'
1	Good basic phone, all the expected features, plus GPS ability
1	thoroughly BASIC phone, all the expected features, plus GPS ability
0	small memory stick, 16meg fits 7 images
0	small retentivity stick, 16meg fits 7 images
1	good gift for someone you hate
1	estimable gift for someone you hate
0	Hard to use, poor sound.
0	Hard to use, poor strait.
1	great sound quality, GPRS seems exteremely fast, tons of features, the keyboard ROCKS!
1	great vocalise quality, GPRS seems exteremely fast, tons of have, the keyboard ROCKS!
0	Inefficient and unreliable 
0	inefficient and unreliable 
1	Good for business man
1	beneficial for business man
0	Tiny little canopy.
0	flyspeck little canopy.
1	Build Quality, Lens, 4MP CCD, and Excellent Color Saturation
1	build Quality, Lens, 4MP CCD, and Excellent Color Saturation
0	There is a variance between the optical viewfinder and the digital one. Can get confusing.
0	There is a variation between the optical viewfinder and the digital one. bathroom nonplus confusing.
0	none
0	none
0	None found: no glitches, bunching or misprints, and the software is intuitive and without errors.
0	None discover: no glitches, bunch or misprints, and the software is visceral and without errors.
1	Shreds paper quickly and efficiently
1	Shreds paper speedily and efficiently
0	Fragile connection port, fuzzy "zoom"
0	fragile connection port, fuzzy "zoom"
1	Inexpensive, good quality text, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, good quality text, easy to utilize
1	quality and, speed
1	timbre and, speed
1	small size, powerful and hands free
1	small size, powerful and paw free
0	LCD viewfinder difficult to use in daylight. Short delay before picture is taken.
0	LCD viewfinder difficult to use in daylight. unretentive delay before picture is ask.
1	Good reception, easy to read keypad and display, good battery life, attractive styling
1	near reception, easy to read keypad and display, thoroughly battery life, attractive styling
1	Gallery, Viewing Lense, High Capacity for storing pictures, Nice Design, High Resolution/Good Quality photos.
1	Gallery, Viewing Lense, High capacitance for storing pictures, Nice Design, High Resolution/honest timbre photos.
1	Fast, clear/crisp documents
1	Fast, authorise/crisp documents
1	Size, Reception, Large Icons, Button Size
1	Size, response, Large Icons, Button Size
1	Great camera, cheap media, nice pictures, powerful options.
1	Great camera, cheap media, courteous pictures, powerful options.
1	Good speed, great quality, and a good price!
1	Good speed, great quality, and a safe price!
0	antenna easy to bend
0	antenna easy to flex
1	This is the best little phone you've ever seen or could ever want.
1	This is the best little phone you've ever experience or could ever wishing.
0	Optical view-finder sot perfectly aligned with actual photo. Proprietary batteries.
0	visual view-finder sot utterly aligned with actual photo. Proprietary batteries.
0	Dock may be optional (but great feature), videos small
0	Dock may be optional (but dandy feature), videos small
0	Unreliable! Get the extended warranty! Screen problems! Not that user-friendly
0	Unreliable! amaze the unfold warranty! Screen problems! Not that user-friendly
0	makes spots on the pages
0	puddle spots on the pages
0	No Zoom, only holds 15 pictures, not the best resolution, battery drain, 
0	No Zoom, only moderate 15 render, not the best resolution, battery drain, 
1	Lightweight; Exceptional Sound; Great Battery Life; Voice Activated Dialing; Web Browser Enabled
1	Lightweight; Exceptional Sound; Great Battery Life; vocalism trip Dialing; Web Browser Enabled
1	small, good focus, no red eye
1	small, good focus, no ruddy eye
1	Fun to use, good price/performance ratio, easy to look at.
1	Fun to enjoyment, good price/performance ratio, sluttish to look at.
1	Convenience, no film to develop, ease of use
1	Convenience, no film to develop, comfort of use
1	ease of use, convenient storage media, lots of cool features
1	ease of use, convenient storage media, circle of cool characteristic
0	photo graininess!, LED screen drains batteries too fast!
0	photo graininess!, LED screen drains batteries too degenerate!
1	Archival printing, photographic quality, excellent color fidelity, included roll paper handling, quiet, easy setup, warranty
1	Archival printing, photographic quality, excellent colour fidelity, include roll paper handling, quiet, soft setup, warranty
1	Great pictures, easy to use
1	swell pictures, easy to use
0	Flash is too bright, transfer software doesn't install, uses CR123A photo battery (expensive).
0	garish is too bright, transfer software doesn't install, utilize CR123A photo battery (expensive).
0	Ink consumption is little too much.
0	Ink consumption is picayune too much.
0	Flimsy, Buggy, Poor Performance
0	Flimsy, Buggy, Poor operation
1	Takes high quality pics, compact
1	Takes high select pics, compact
1	Fits in your pocket, low cost, color photos, works independent of computer, adequate software included.
1	check in your pocket, grim cost, color photos, form independent of computer, adequate software included.
1	Good Quality Pictures
1	salutary Quality Pictures
0	Don't use the self-timer on this camera because it turns the camera off to quick
0	Don't function the self-timer on this camera because it twist the camera off to spry
0	A bit expensive/slow for normal document printing
0	A number expensive/slow for normal document printing
0	Big
0	great
1	Excellent quality photos; outstanding zoom lens; understandable controls and operation.
1	first-class quality photos; salient zoom lens; understandable controls and operation.
0	Inadequate manual for something with so many features
0	Inadequate manual for something with so many boast
0	none
0	none
1	Excellent picture quality, lots of features
1	fantabulous picture quality, lots of features
0	Too bad printing quality printing in fast mode, problems with the windows ME driver.
0	Too bad impression quality printing in fast style, problems with the windows ME driver.
1	Fast Printing, Cheap Replacement Cartridges
1	profligate Printing, Cheap Replacement Cartridges
1	Tri-mode, normal rings
1	Tri-mode, normal gang
1	Tiny! Metal case. Comes w/battery.
1	Tiny! Metal case. follow w/battery.
0	Price, Optional Bag
0	terms, Optional Bag
1	Great quality of pictures, ease of use
1	Great quality of movie, ease of use
1	Battery life, reception, good USEFUL features
1	battery life, reception, good USEFUL features
1	All-in-one Phone-PDA combination
1	All-in-one Phone-PDA combining
0	bulky when folded, kind of heavy
0	bulky when folded, kind of grave
0	Limited storage capacity
0	restrain storage capacity
0	microphone, LCD, case, were all problem areas - i hate this phone
0	microphone, LCD, type, were all problem areas - i detest this phone
1	Bright main display, good design and styling, convenient swivel camera, intuitive layout.
1	undimmed main display, estimable design and styling, convenient swivel camera, intuitive layout.
0	Small size, not as many accessories, memory stick pro prices
0	small-scale size, not as many accessories, memory perplex pro prices
0	photos slightly dark indoors-still great
0	photos slightly coloured indoors-still great
1	Small enough to fit in your purse cell phone compartment, diaper bag, or shirt pocket.
1	humble enough to suit in your purse cell phone compartment, nappy bag, or shirt pocket.
0	camera,video display,
0	camera,video exhibit,
0	complicated
0	rarify
1	Small, Easy to Use, Great Pictures
1	lowly, Easy to Use, Great Pictures
0	everything
0	everything
0	Not ideal for travel...probably isn't meant to be
0	Not ideal for locomote...probably isn't meant to be
1	Small, light weight, interchangeable faceplates, great Qualcomm quality!
1	little, light weight, interchangeable faceplates, great Qualcomm quality!
1	Affordable
1	low-priced
0	Manufacturers Lose $$$$$$$
0	Manufacturers miss $$$$$$$
0	Really, really weak reception!  Can't talk while charging.
0	Really, really unaccented reception!  Can't talk while charging.
1	Great image quality, good manual  overrides, nice looks and ergonomics. 
1	keen image quality, honorable manual  overrides, nice looks and ergonomics. 
0	Fuzzy pics and need to hold cam very still. 
0	Fuzzy pics and need to have cam very still. 
1	Very cheap, good quality, long-lasting cartridge
1	Very cheap, effective quality, long-lasting cartridge
1	Well built and thought out.
1	good built and thought out.
1	It's resolution!!! Wow:  2240 x 1680.n  Also the ability to copy images from one card to another while still in the camera.
1	It's resolution!!! Wow:  2240 ten 1680.n  Also the ability to copy project from one poster to another while even in the camera.
1	easy to use, small, great software
1	easy to use, small, capital software
1	takes wonderful pictures
1	takes wondrous pictures
0	Lack of accessories such as no bag for the camera and small memory card.  
0	want of accessories such as no bag for the camera and low memory card.  
0	buttons are super small, menus are like programming a VCR
0	buttons are super small-scale, menus are like scheduling a VCR
0	does not come with the USB cable for installation, must be bought separately
0	does not cum with the USB line for installation, must be bought separately
0	No flash, poor pictures, and you can't see the pics until you download.
0	No brassy, poor pictures, and you can't view the pics until you download.
1	Inexpensive
1	inexpensive
1	Excellent Pictures, tons of features, good zoom, light weight, good all around camera.
1	excellent Pictures, tons of features, good zoom, lightheaded weight, good all around camera.
0	too many to list
0	too many to leaning
1	Great features, good battery life.
1	Great features, skilful battery life.
1	Many useful features, excellent picture quality, easy photo transfer from camera to computer.
1	Many useful features, excellent photo quality, easy photo transport from camera to computer.
0	Red eyes in flash pics
0	Red eyes in fanfare pics
1	Very Compact, Can take Everywhere
1	Very Compact, Can assume Everywhere
1	Great quality not too expensive
1	big quality not too expensive
1	Lightweight, Compact, Bluetooth, Internet, VCast, 1.3MP Camera, Removable Memory, MP3 Playback
1	Lightweight, compendious, Bluetooth, Internet, VCast, 1.3MP Camera, Removable memory, MP3 Playback
1	4.0 megapixel, price, ease of use
1	iv.0 megapixel, price, ease of use
0	Lacks "gee whiz" stuff like Bluetooth, Speakerphone, SD slot.
0	Lacks "gee whiz" gormandize like Bluetooth, Speakerphone, SD slot.
0	So-so text output, ink consumption, print head maintenance
0	So-so text output, ink consumption, print headland maintenance
0	No cable included, expensive to replace ink
0	No cable included, expensive to supplant ink
0	Battery life is short if you keep using camera feature
0	Battery life is forgetful if you living using camera feature
0	None for the "average" user
0	None for the "average" exploiter
0	None
0	none
0	Big. Very basic software package. Wide range of prices.
0	Big. Very basic package package. Wide range of prices.
0	carts ... small,expensive,chipped. Show no ink with ink remaining. Head clogs with non-Epson inks
0	carts ... humble,expensive,chipped. Show no ink with ink remaining. psyche geta with non-Epson inks
1	Decent color quality, inexpensive, and printer cartridges are easy to find.
1	Decent colour choice, inexpensive, and printer cartridges are easy to find.
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing fresh for cell phones), Motorola charger, light vibrate
0	Shutter lag, size
0	Shutter lag, sizing
0	no USB cable included, your computer needs to be up-to-speed
0	no USB cablegram included, your computer pauperization to be up-to-speed
0	Slow serial download, lens needed re-focusing, 
0	deadening serial download, lens needed re-focusing, 
0	Web feature not usable at this point&#13;&#10;keypad not protected = calls from pocket&#13;&#10;
0	Web feature not usable at this sharpen&#13;&#ten;keypad not protected = squall from pocket&#13;&#10;
1	Flatbed scanning, color copying, easy to operate
1	Flatbed scanning, color copying, sluttish to operate
1	compact and sturdy, nice sharp pictures
1	compact and sturdy, nice acute pictures
1	Easy to use and setup, decent quality, reliable
1	Easy to habit and setup, decent quality, reliable
1	Print your photos without a computer and view them on the LCD on the printer.
1	Print your picture without a reckoner and opinion them on the LCD on the printer.
0	Has an annoying arial!
0	Has an nark arial!
1	Great product! Incredible pictures! Very happy with my purchase. 
1	Great product! Incredible show! Very happy with my purchase. 
0	Everything else, poor resolution and focusing.
0	Everything else, misfortunate resolution and focusing.
1	Excellent speed, dual cartridges, bottom paper feeder, uses the PhotoRET-II layering technology, and what a price!!
1	Excellent speed, twofold cartridges, buns report feeder, uses the PhotoRET-II layering technology, and what a price!!
0	DRAINS BATTERIES
0	DRAINS barrage
1	Great print quality, fast printing (once it gets warmed up and going)
1	Great print quality, fast printing (once it beat warmed up and extend)
0	cost
0	price
0	Size, Noise
0	Size, dissonance
1	very inexpensive
1	very cheap
0	Keys too close together, touch screen is moody, sound quality poor
0	Keys too tightlipped together, touch screen is moody, voice quality poor
1	Stability, comfort
1	stableness, comfort
0	None
0	none
0	Battery life could be longer (use rechargeables); 128 memory card=120 photos!
0	Battery life could be longer (use rechargeables); 128 retentivity posting=120 photos!
0	cumbersome
0	clumsy
1	compact, nice looking, flash, good quality pics during day light, 8 mb memory
1	compact, nice looking, ostentate, good quality pics during day spark, 8 mb memory
0	Poor Technical Support, Low/NO Color Quality
0	Poor Technical Support, Low/NO coloring Quality
0	Speakerphone &amp; Wireless Web Message needs improvement..
0	Speakerphone &amp; wireless Web Message needs improvement..
1	*Small Portable digital camera, *Good cam for first use , *Very easy to install
1	*Small Portable digital camera, *Good cam for outset use , *selfsame easy to install
1	Great signal in NYC area, crisp and clear sound, great color screen
1	Great signal in NYC area, crisp and clear sound, great colouring concealment
0	Features may not make up for high price
0	Features may not pretend up for high price
1	high resolution, compact, portable, easy to use
1	highschool resolution, compact, portable, easy to use
0	No games? Battery life might be a trifle suspect
0	No games? Battery life might be a trifle defendant
1	Fast! Great Picture, four ink tanks
1	Fast! Great visualise, four ink tanks
1	photo quality, ink lasts longer, great software included
1	photo quality, ink death longer, great software included
1	It's small and cheap
1	It's small and flashy
1	fast lens, good (AAs) battery life, very flexible functionality, quick turnround, mjpeg movies, good display
1	fast lens, goodness (AAs) battery life, very flexible functionality, nimble turnround, mjpeg movies, expert display
1	High photo color quality at a great price!
1	High photo color tone at a great price!
0	Needs constant supply of fresh batteries
0	take constant supply of fresh batteries
1	Very good quality of the images, Many features. Very rigid.
1	Very unspoilt choice of the images, Many features. Very rigid.
1	Great reception, excellent sound clarity, wonderful features.
1	expectant reception, excellent sound clarity, wonderful features.
1	Quality pictures, LCD Display with easy-to-use menu
1	Quality picture, LCD Display with easy-to-use menu
0	large size
0	declamatory size
1	Stylish, sturdy, and an improvement over its predecessor.
1	Stylish, hardy, and an improvement over its predecessor.
0	Complicated print options; ink lifetime; driver conflicts
0	complicated print options; ink lifetime; driver conflicts
0	the accessories get a bit expensive
0	the accessories induce a bit expensive
1	Rock reliable, extendable antenna, inexpensive, good performance
1	Rock authentic, extendable antenna, inexpensive, good performance
0	Extremely expensive, very poor battery life; no good option for extended battery
0	super expensive, very poor battery life; no good option for broaden battery
1	Size, cost, ease of use, dependability
1	Size, cost, ease of utilise, dependability
0	6 months and I haven't found one.
0	6 months and I haven't found unity.
0	None that come to mind.
0	None that ejaculate to mind.
1	features, interface, battery life
1	lineament, interface, battery life
1	Great music
1	gravid music
1	Light weight,opens and closes easy,smooth ride,great steering,good breaks,carrier nice,extra bases available.
1	lightness weight,opens and closes easy,smooth ride,great steering,good breaks,carrier nice,spare bag available.
0	it doesn't work
0	it doesn't sour
0	Size, weight, lack of style and class, frightening unreliability, it's not exactly 'cute'
0	Size, weighting, lack of style and separate, frightening unreliability, it's not exactly 'cute'
1	Cheap, superior color prints on photo quality paper, easy to set up and use. 
1	Cheap, superior color prints on photo quality paper, easy to mark up and usance. 
0	Other person needs to have the same phone to get the free part of it.....bad reception, too many controls
0	Other person pauperism to have the same phone to acquire the relinquish part of it.....tough reception, too many controls
0	none
0	none
0	Text looks ragged.  MacOS X support a little underdeveloped
0	Text looks cod.  MacOS X support a little underdeveloped
1	nice image quality, easy to use
1	nice image quality, easy to usage
0	LARGER IN SIZE THAN MOST
0	LARGER Indiana SIZE THAN MOST
1	great images, SLR-type features
1	great images, SLR-type boast
1	Small, sleek and simply cool
1	pocket-size, sleek and simply cool
1	fair price, many options, zoom, easy to use
1	fair price, many options, zoom, loose to use
0	Too large, soft ringing volumes, bad display, Horrible talk/standby time,too basic&#13;&#10;
0	also large, soft ringing volumes, forged display, frightful talk/standby time,too basic&#13;&#10;
0	hogs system resources, poor print quality, poor text quality, smudges, smears while printing, no network use, no ram
0	hogs system resources, poor impress lineament, poor text quality, smudges, smears while printing, no network utilization, no ram
1	Good price
1	secure price
1	Excellent overall package &amp;amp; features!
1	Excellent overall package &amp;ampere; features!
0	horrible battery life
0	horrible battery spirit
0	The leather case for it.
0	The leather pillowcase for it.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, easy to habituate
1	Ease of use, Sturdy Design
1	Ease of usance, Sturdy Design
1	Small, sleek.
1	Small, aerodynamic.
0	Noisy at start up and no USB port.
0	Noisy at start up and no USB porthole.
1	Price
1	damage
1	Calendar, large phone book capacity (400), small size, rubber side grips, etc.
1	Calendar, large phone Quran capacity (400), small size, rubber side clasp, etc.
0	Extremely slow shutter speed 
0	Extremely slow shutter zip 
1	All the many features this phone has to offer!
1	All the many lineament this phone has to offer!
0	cartridge life span
0	cartridge spirit span
1	Can be obtained for Free
1	Can be hold for Free
1	digital camcorder ability, inexpensive, fun
1	digital camcorder ability, inexpensive, merriment
0	Potential problems when downloading pics directly from camera to Mac (OS X).
0	Potential trouble when downloading pics directly from camera to Mac (OS decade).
1	Very Cheap
1	Very loud
1	MPEG and JPEG Images; Small, light
1	MPEG and JPEG Images; Small, luminousness
1	speed, quality, dependability
1	hurrying, quality, dependability
1	Cheap.  Unlike disposables, you get what is in the frame.
1	Cheap.  Unlike disposables, you perplex what is in the compose.
0	Uses a lot of computer resources, photos require tweaking for best quality
0	expend a lot of computer resources, photos require tweaking for effective quality
0	Short battery life, and it's not an SLR.
0	abruptly battery life, and it's not an SLR.
0	everything else
0	everything else
1	prints quietly and fast
1	impress quietly and fast
0	Software included with camera not too great.
0	Software included with camera not too bully.
1	Ease of use, Excellent photos, MPEG capability, Instant feedback
1	Ease of usance, Excellent photos, MPEG capability, Instant feedback
0	face plates for this model are hard to find.
0	look plates for this model are hard to find.
0	battery usage
0	bombardment usage
1	use of floppies means no cables
1	function of floppies means no cables
1	Good signal, nice display, great performance, feature rich.
1	beneficial signal, nice display, great performance, feature rich.
0	Too expenseive
0	too expenseive
0	some difficulty installing for ME, difficult finding cartridges
0	some difficulty installing for ME, hard finding cartridges
1	Very Durable, takes reasonably nice pictures, reasonable price. Doesn't drop calls.
1	Very Durable, submit reasonably nice project, reasonable price. Doesn't drop calls.
1	Great overall camera
1	capital overall camera
1	Can produce some very clear work 
1	tush produce some very clear work 
1	Ease of use, No computer ports used, 
1	Ease of practice, No computer ports used, 
0	limited photo resolution, lens placement
0	limited photo resolve, lens placement
1	easy to use, several features, AA battery operated
1	easy to use, several characteristic, AA battery operated
0	Battery life is horrendous; no option for vibrate and ring together.
0	shelling life is horrendous; no option for vacillate and ring together.
1	Battery Life, Durability, Phone book (the way it stores entries), Display light, sound clarity
1	Battery Life, Durability, Phone volume (the way it stores entries), Display unaccented, sound clarity
0	total call time
0	tot call time
0	Very basic features
0	identical basic features
1	small, light and very versatile phone with great sound and functionality.
1	belittled, lighting and very versatile phone with great sound and functionality.
1	Wonderful resolution-I produced a 52-page yearbook using all digital photos and they were great.
1	Wonderful resolution-I produced a 52-page yearbook habituate all digital photos and they were heavy.
0	Are there any?  A few minor grips, but nothing to dissuade someone from purchasing.
0	follow there any?  A few minor grips, but nil to dissuade someone from purchasing.
1	Small Footprint, Speed, Quality of Print.
1	small-scale Footprint, Speed, Quality of Print.
1	reliable, excellent ergonomic design, crammed with features, top talk and stanby time, email and more
1	reliable, excellent ergonomic plan, crammed with features, teetotum talk and stanby time, e-mail and more
1	NONE
1	none
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
0	onionskin appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
0	poor close-ups (without extra lens), lens cap comes unattached easily, does not take great low-light pictures
0	poor close-ups (without extra lens), lens detonator do unattached easily, does not take big low-light pictures
1	Photo lab quality prints quickly, cheaply...and good text as well.
1	photo lab quality prints quickly, cheaply...and adept text as well.
1	GREAT VOICE CLARITY/QUALITY; CAMERA; VIDEO-RECORDER; GREAT PHONE BOOK ORGANIZER
1	GREAT part CLARITY/QUALITY; CAMERA; VIDEO-RECORDER; corking PHONE BOOK ORGANIZER
1	You can delete a picture if you don't like it. No wasted film or waiting for film to be processed.
1	You can delete a render if you don't corresponding it. No squander film or waiting for shoot to be processed.
1	quality pictures
1	timbre pictures
0	A little slow
0	A lilliputian slow
1	amazing picture quality at good value
1	amazing characterisation quality at good value
1	small, easy to use
1	small, easy to employment
0	Expensive!  Slow capturing time (but perhaps with remedy).
0	Expensive!  Slow capturing metre (but perhaps with remedy).
1	Image Quality, ease of use, build quality, OS X/Windows XP support
1	Image Quality, ease of use, build choice, OS X/Windows XP funding
0	slow, limited zoom, software
0	slow, limited whizz, software
0	Slow menu, useless camera, screen poor in sunlight, weak battery life, mediocre reception
0	Slow menu, useless camera, screen wretched in sunlight, debile battery life, mediocre reception
0	Must buy rechargeable batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#10;and larger smart media card - although still a great buy
0	Must buy rechargeable batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#10;and larger sassy sensitive card - although still a great bargain
1	Very compact, vibration alarm, voice dialing
1	Very compact, vibration alarum, voice dialing
1	Good speed, super quality, great features
1	full speed, super quality, great features
0	There is a problem with the scanner locking on some of the machines.
0	There is a problem with the scanner mesh on some of the car.
1	sound, movie, 3.34 megapixels, manual over ride, small, lightweight and easy to handle.
1	legal, movie, 3.34 megapixels, manual over razz, small, lightweight and easy to handle.
1	As of June 2001, these digital cameras are under $40
1	amp of June 2001, these digital cameras are under $XL
0	Would advise upgrade to direct connection download. Will eat batteries.
0	Would advise upgrade to take connection download. leave eat batteries.
0	Initial cost, physical size, no ColorSync support
0	Initial cost, physical size, no ColorSync indorse
1	Color screen, easy interface, great voice dialing
1	coloring screen, easy interface, great voice dialing
1	easy to use, good functional docking station
1	easy to practice, good functional docking station
0	Too Bulky
0	too Bulky
0	single band, kinda cheap feel.
0	single band, kinda garish feel.
0	Runs out of ink within two months if you print very little. Expensive cartridges
0	runnel out of ink within two months if you print very piddling. Expensive cartridges
1	Picture Quality, Manual Controls, Battery Life
1	depict Quality, Manual Controls, Battery Life
0	might be too small for some.
0	might be too small-scale for some.
1	Fast,Great Photos,Inexpensive to use,Sturdy
1	Fast,Great Photos,Inexpensive to use,inflexible
0	Can only hold so many options, the software is lacking in options
0	fire only confine so many options, the software is lacking in options
0	Blurry outdoor images
0	Blurry outdoor simulacrum
1	Great for emailing instant photos to friends
1	neat for emailing instant photos to friends
0	short battery life
0	curt battery life
1	Easy to learn how to use, good instruction manual, and inexpensive to use  (cost/picture) 
1	Easy to learn how to consumption, near instruction manual, and inexpensive to use  (cost/show) 
0	Color results best on special paper
0	Color results dear on special paper
0	SHODDY quality control, cheaply made
0	SHODDY quality ascertain, cheaply made
1	Superb picture quality, fun to use
1	Superb picture quality, fun to exercise
1	Low cost, high print quality, front load paper tray
1	Low cost, high print quality, front charge paper tray
0	not much, batteries drain faster than my v60...b/c of the color LCDs
0	not much, batteries drain faster than my v60...b/carbon of the discolor LCDs
1	Great pictures
1	neat pictures
0	None so far.
0	None so FAR.
1	Great MP3 Player, also does good job with Quick Time movies.
1	Great MP3 participant, also does effective job with Quick Time movies.
0	the absolute worst reception ever.  lots of dropped calls.
0	the absolute worst reception ever.  lots of dropped ring.
1	Battery life, size, voice dialer
1	Battery sprightliness, size, voice dialer
0	to try to do it by the control panel
0	to try to do it by the command panel
1	Big color display, flip phone
1	Big color display, somerset phone
1	inexpensive but good quality, easy to setup, quiet, 8Meg RAM, paper handling is smooth.
1	inexpensive but goodness quality, wanton to setup, quiet, 8Meg RAM, paper handling is smooth.
1	Great pictures, intuitive interface, easy downloads.
1	Great project, intuitive interface, easy downloads.
1	Light, stylish and versatile digital still. User friendly, with great Canon optics.
1	Light, stylish and versatile digital still. User friendly, with neat Canon optic.
1	Easy Menu system, standard vibrator ring, customizable face plates
1	well-fixed Menu system, standard vibrator ring, customizable face plates
0	Rechargeable batteries a must. Needs additional memory card
0	Rechargeable batteries a must. Needs additional storage card
0	Too expensive, broke after a year, couldnt get email to work
0	Too expensive, broke after a year, couldnt mystify email to solve
0	No optical zoom, Low battery life.
0	No opthalmic zoom, Low battery life.
0	Slow and unreliable
0	sluggish and unreliable
1	Amazing quality, 5 Color Ink Cart., Cheap Ink., works with Linux
1	Amazing select, 5 Color Ink Cart., Cheap Ink., mold with Linux
0	1-sec delay image capture, availability of blank disks,
0	1-sec delay image seize, availability of blank disks,
0	Only comes with 4 MB stick which is not sufficient for some features.
0	Only comes with quadruplet MB stay which is not sufficient for some features.
1	very cheap
1	very meretricious
0	No battery charger, slightly smaller LCD, poor digital zoom(typical), and no case
0	No battery charger, slightly lowly LCD, poor digital zoom(typical), and no incase
0	none
0	none
1	cost.
1	toll.
1	Small size, relatively easy functions
1	Small size, relatively easy procedure
0	short battery life
0	abruptly battery life
1	Prints great photos!
1	Prints groovy photos!
1	Light,unique,key pad,screen size, faceplate,great images,loud ear piece,one hour charger.
1	Light,alone,key pad,screen size, faceplate,great paradigm,loud ear piece,one hr charger.
0	None
0	none
1	Easy and so fun
1	well-situated and so fun
0	Lens cap alarm is annoying, but really works. Red-eye shooting people in dark settings.
0	lense cap alarm is annoy, but really works. Red-eye shooting people in dark settings.
0	Batteries are not standard, recharging only through the cradle
0	Batteries are not standard, reload only through the cradle
1	Rather compact for all the features, simple button layout, print quality
1	preferably compact for all the features, simple button layout, impress quality
0	No backspace on dialing phone numbers, a few menu options are hard to find.
0	No backspace on dialing phone issue, a few menu options are intemperate to find.
0	everything: Navigation, Battery Life, LACK OF CLOCK
0	everything: Navigation, Battery Life, LACK OF time
1	Ease of setup, price, paper handling
1	informality of setup, price, paper handling
0	Leather case has to be removed for base charger use.
0	Leather case has to be removed for stand charger exercise.
0	Battery life if not conditioned properly
0	Battery biography if not conditioned properly
1	Very easy to use and the photo quality is amazing. 
1	Very well-fixed to employ and the photo quality is amazing. 
1	Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
1	Easy to read display, allot of interesting features,
1	EASY EASY EASY! beautiful printing, bright colors, FAST!
1	EASY EASY EASY! beautiful printing, lustrous colors, FAST!
1	Great color! Great picture capacity for the camera! Awesome battery life! Sleek style! Decent Pictures
1	cracking color! Great picture capacity for the camera! Awesome battery life! Sleek mode! Decent icon
1	Works hard, good print quality, decent speed
1	Works hard, dependable print quality, decent speed
0	small screen for mobile web
0	small test for mobile web
1	it takes great photos
1	it takes peachy photos
0	no alarm clock, limited service area, no good ring tones
0	no alarm clock, limited service region, no undecomposed ring tones
1	Lightweight, pictures are decent.
1	Lightweight, icon are decent.
1	Incredible photo quality and a great price.  Fast and easy.
1	Incredible photo prize and a great price.  flying and easy.
1	Easy to use - great shots
1	Easy to use - capital shots
1	Exceptional clarity, great features, lightweight, changeable faceplates
1	Exceptional clarity, majuscule features, lightweight, changeable faceplates
1	Good sized, separate ink cartridges
1	Good sized, severalise ink cartridges
1	Excellent  signal performance, call quality, battery life
1	Excellent  signal performance, scream quality, battery life
1	Small phone, good battery life.
1	Small phone, good battery spirit.
0	Ink cartridges are expensive
0	Ink pickup are expensive
0	large/clunky compared to pure GSM phones, no built-in headset jack, etc.
0	large/clunky compared to saturated GSM ring, no built-in headset jack, etc.
1	Nice Size, finish and features...  Best looking phone out
1	Nice Size, finish and features...  unspoilt looking phone out
0	Potential for antenna problems.
0	Potential for antenna trouble.
0	Want better sound ability, menu functions aren't always where I expect them to be.
0	Want effective sound ability, menu operate aren't always where I expect them to be.
1	zoom lens, long battery life
1	zoom lens, long battery lifetime
0	No case or a/c adapter included with package
0	No case or a/c arranger included with package
0	Outside case can damage too easily!
0	Outside font can damage too easily!
1	Great Options and Price
1	peachy Options and Price
1	great results, easy to learn
1	large results, easy to learn
0	Black ink cart sold separately, USB only, cartridges costly, no network support
0	melanize ink cart sold separately, USB only, cartridges costly, no network accompaniment
0	It takes a few minutes (at most) for the ink to dry out.
0	It get a few minutes (at most) for the ink to teetotal out.
0	Very Poor picture quality.  Dont buy one!
0	Very Poor fancy quality.  Dont buy one!
0	eats batteries
0	eats battery
0	poor printed documentation
0	poor impress documentation
1	Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
1	Easy to utilization.  Transfer ikon, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
0	compressed thumb nail pictures
0	compressed thumb nail photo
0	Expect to spend some time if you want to learn it all.
0	Expect to spend some time if you wish to discover it all.
1	Great Quality, Cheap, Easy Installation, Speedy, Top Loading, Good Interface
1	Great Quality, gimcrack, Easy Installation, Speedy, Top Loading, full Interface
1	Tons of fun!
1	gobs of fun!
0	none
0	none
0	battery life, pricey at &amp;gt; $500
0	battery life-time, pricey at &amp;gt; $500
0	quality of the picture, size
0	quality of the depiction, size
0	separate viewfinder from the lens.
0	discriminate viewfinder from the lens.
0	Heavy, bulky camera, slow taking pictures
0	Heavy, bulky camera, slow direct pictures
0	not very many
0	not very many
0	Poor quality software.  I'd buy at least the 210 as a starter.
0	Poor character software.  I'd buy at least the 210 as a newbie.
1	Easy to use.  Download to any pc without wires.  No software to install.
1	Easy to practice.  Download to any pc without wires.  No software to instal.
1	Fit, Quality, Ease, LCD, Lens, Battery, Controls, Menu And Sony Reputation For Quality. 
1	check, Quality, Ease, LCD, Lens, Battery, curb, Menu And Sony Reputation For Quality. 
1	Size, Monitor on feature, Loud and clear voice, good connection
1	Size, Monitor on feature, trashy and elucidate voice, good connection
0	Only 20 MB onboard memory, can freeze and stutter, toggle navigation is tiny.
0	exclusively 20 megabyte onboard memory, can freeze and stutter, toggle navigation is tiny.
1	Battery life, usability, sound
1	Battery life, usableness, sound
0	bulky
0	bulky
0	Wap is hard to navigate through, and volume cannot go very high.
0	Wap is hard to navigate through, and mass cannot offer very high.
0	slow print speed
0	slow print amphetamine
0	functions hard to find, not enough ring tones, battery life much shorter than advertised
0	functions severely to find, not enough echo tones, battery life much shorter than advertised
1	Great quality pictures, ease of use, zoom lens, many options
1	outstanding quality pictures, ease of use, zoom Lens, many options
1	good voice quality, relatively light &amp; compact
1	commodity voice quality, relatively light &amp; compact
0	Battery life; 8 MB memory card.
0	Battery life; 8 MB memory posting.
1	Very small and lightweight. Great color screen. Trendy.
1	Very small and lightweight. expectant color screen. Trendy.
1	Very fast, quiet, extremely easy to set up and use. Toner is cheaper than HP.
1	Very fast, quiet, extremely easy to place up and habit. Toner is gaudy than HP.
0	Terrible battery life
0	painful battery life
1	Low-price printer with readily available accessories
1	Low-price pressman with readily available accessories
0	overheats too much, TracFone too expensive, phone too old to reprogram for current service plans
0	overheats too much, TracFone too expensive, call too quondam to reprogram for current help plans
1	Easy to use, excellent quality pictures
1	Easy to use, excellent calibre pictures
0	None that I have found
0	None that ace have found
1	Easy to use, great photos, almost error proof!
1	Easy to use, great photos, nigh error proof!
1	Inexpensive at the time
1	Inexpensive at the meter
1	Battery life; voice clarity; volume
1	Battery liveliness; voice clarity; volume
0	battery consumption
0	bombardment consumption
1	Excellent quality photos, unlimited, low cost storage
1	Excellent quality photos, unlimited, depression cost storage
1	Easy to use, great digital display.  Takes great photos
1	Easy to use, great digital display.  issue great photos
1	Very easy to learn, and use. Pictures are excellent quality for sending over the internet.
1	Very easy to instruct, and use. ikon are excellent caliber for sending over the internet.
1	Size is definitely good
1	Size is definitely secure
1	Great picture quality, Good battery life
1	Great picture quality, near battery life
0	hard to assign onetouch dialing
0	gruelling to assign onetouch dialing
1	Good print output, decent scanning, fax capabilities, Good copier abilities
1	undecomposed print output, seemly scanning, fax capabilities, Good copier abilities
0	No audio in movie mode.
0	No audio in film mode.
0	doesn't work somtimes
0	doesn't forge somtimes
0	warranty may not cover you if the camera has ever had impact, even if it didn't cause the pertinent damage
0	warranty may not incubate you if the camera has e'er had encroachment, even if it didn't cause the pertinent hurt
1	Sleek, sturdy design. Good sound and speaker.  Relatively simple to use.
1	Sleek, sturdy design. practiced go and speaker.  Relatively simple to use.
1	Loud speaker phone, flip-design, large screen, clear display
1	Loud speaker earphone, flip-design, large screen, clear display
0	Canopy could be larger, recline takes getting used to
0	Canopy could be larger, recline takes begin used to
0	high price
0	mellow price
1	great for travel; easy to use; uses AA batteries; great for web or 4x6 printed
1	capital for locomotion; easy to use; role AA batteries; great for web or 4x6 printed
0	limited technical support, slow printing speed
0	circumscribe technical support, slow printing speed
0	Earpiece volume.  Games aren't good.
0	Earpiece volume.  Games aren't honorable.
0	view finder doesn't always come on
0	sentiment finder doesn't always come on
1	Handy when it works
1	handy when it works
1	cheap
1	inexpensive
1	Voice quality, FM radio, loudspeaker, text message keyboard
1	Voice prime, FM radio, loudspeaker, text message keyboard
1	Easy to use, Internet, Email, SMS and VERY Customizable
1	Easy to utilisation, Internet, Email, SMS and VERY Customizable
1	zoom lens, b/w and color filters,auto and manual focus, feature rich
1	zoom lens, b/wolfram and color filters,auto and manual stress, feature rich
0	A little big to push through narrow aisles
0	A trivial big to push through narrow aisles
1	Honestly none!
1	aboveboard none!
1	Lightweight, buttons easy for big fingers, clear and readable screen, many accessories/interchangeable parts available.
1	Lightweight, clit easy for big fingers, clear and readable sort, many accessories/interchangeable persona available.
0	Slow warm up.  Smears when printing on high gloss paper
0	Slow warm up.  cytosmear when printing on high-pitched gloss paper
1	Small, 2.1 MP, Movie-mode, Decent Zoom
1	Small, 2.ace MP, Movie-mode, Decent Zoom
1	great feature set, perfect size/weight, brilliant color display
1	great feature set, perfect size/weight, splendid color display
0	Battery cover a little flimsy
0	Battery plow a little flimsy
1	Customer service was helpful, cheap
1	Customer service was helpful, crummy
1	Cheap Ink, Inexpensive, Cartridge easy to replace
1	Cheap Ink, Inexpensive, Cartridge well-to-do to replace
1	low initial price
1	low initial damage
0	None so far
0	None so FAR
0	Lens cap isn't so stable. Try not to drop it!!
0	Lens ceiling isn't so stable. Try not to pearl it!!
0	Battery Life, Low rings, and a lot more things...
0	Battery lifespan, Low rings, and a lot more things...
1	Fast setup, low cost, excellent print quality.
1	riotous setup, low cost, excellent print quality.
1	stunning colors, black hole text, easy setup,individual inktanks.
1	stunning colors, nigrify hole text, easy setup,individual inktanks.
0	A bit too similar to the DSC-F1
0	A bite too similar to the DSC-F1
0	Over time, like all phones, starts to malfunction here and there
0	Over time, like all call, startle to malfunction here and there
1	Price, Photo Quality and Ease of Use
1	Price, Photo Quality and relaxation of Use
1	compact, photo  quality, quiet
1	compact, photo  caliber, quiet
0	No bugscreen or weathershield; seat needs extra seating pad (cost extra)
0	No bugscreen or weathershield; seat require extra seating domiciliation (cost extra)
1	Good color, relatively trouble-free operation.
1	thoroughly color, relatively trouble-free operation.
0	Can't print 11x17 like the Canon BJC 5000 and 5100, USB kit is optional and costs extra
0	Can't print 11x17 ilk the Canon BJC 5000 and 5100, USB kit is optional and cost surplus
0	Poor ergonomics, poor sound.
0	piteous ergonomics, poor sound.
0	paper feed annoying
0	paper feed pestering
0	no headphone jack (but came with its own Sony Quality stereo Headphones. no 3G
0	no headphone Jack (but came with its own Sony Quality stereo earphone. no 3G
1	Good printing capability
1	secure printing capability
0	eats regular batteries like candy
0	grub regular batteries like candy
1	Excellent features and physical layout.
1	Excellent boast and physical layout.
0	Sucks ink and Xerox service is poor.
0	Sucks ink and Xerox serve is poor.
0	Refer review body.
0	relate review body.
1	The price has fell, the reliablity is definitely built in.
1	The toll has strike, the reliablity is definitely built in.
0	It's a little slow in 1200 x 1200 color print speed - but is comparable to other models.
0	It's a little slow in 1200 X 1200 color print hurry - but is comparable to other manakin.
0	None
0	none
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	User settings; menu items; harbour signal; lack of email
0	small screen for mobile web
0	diminished screen for mobile web
1	Great quality of pictures for a 2.0 mega pixel camera
1	Great choice of depict for a 2.0 mega pixel camera
1	Lightweight, Good Screen, Good-Looking, Excellent Reception, Nice Design.
1	Lightweight, unspoilt Screen, Good-Looking, Excellent Reception, Nice Design.
1	Point &amp; Shoot.  Good Beginner camera
1	Point &amp; Shoot.  Good tyro camera
0	flimsy flip top, uncomfortable against the ear, elaborate programming methods are confusing
0	flimsy flip transcend, uncomfortable against the ear, elaborate program methods are confusing
1	Awesome...and I mean AWESOME pictures!!!! At 199.00 + tax(office depot) it's a bargain.
1	Awesome...and I mean AWESOME delineation!!!! At 199.00 + task(billet depot) it's a bargain.
1	Pink!, Great reception, Web enabled, Good battery life, Easy, Good camera, Good memory, Bluetooth
1	Pink!, Great reception, Web enabled, beneficial battery life, promiscuous, Good camera, Good memory, Bluetooth
1	size, picture quality, oh did i mention size
1	size, picture quality, oh did i observe size
1	Great printer, good functions, easy to use, very fast
1	Great printer, good functions, easy to usage, very fast
0	Requires to change cartridge for color/bw
0	want to change cartridge for color/bw
0	None that I have found
0	None that I have ground
1	Amazing image quality! Solid construction. Long list of features.
1	Amazing image quality! self-colored construction. Long list of features.
1	Fast, sharp printing! Toner keeps going and going...easy to setup/use - attachments available
1	Fast, sharp printing! Toner keeps die and work...easy to setup/use - attachments available
1	Easy to use; lightweight, USB connection
1	Easy to usage; lightweight, USB connection
0	Relatively expensive ink, uses a lot of ink to print text
0	Relatively expensive ink, enjoyment a destiny of ink to print text
1	One ink Cartrage, inexspensive Easy to use
1	One ink Cartrage, inexspensive slowly to use
1	A beautifully designed machine, quiet and efficient.
1	A beautifully contrive machine, quiet and efficient.
0	old now
0	older now
1	never jams, ease of changing ink 
1	never jam, ease of changing ink 
0	The speed of printing isn't quite as fast as stated in the company literature. The automatic reverse side printing operation is not explained very well in the manual in regards to the adjustments that have to be made in the word processing software. The ty
0	The speeding of printing isn't quite as dissolute as state in the company literature. The automatic rearward side printing operation is not explained very intimately in the manual in regards to the alteration that have to be nominate in the tidings work software. The ty
1	Good long lasting cell phone
1	Good long lasting cubicle phone
0	Cost of replacement cartridges. Difficult and perhaps impossible to network.
0	price of surrogate cartridges. Difficult and perhaps impossible to network.
0	none
0	none
1	Low price for 3MegaPix camera.  Easy to use. Uses only 2 AA batteries.
1	down price for 3MegaPix camera.  wanton to use. Uses only 2 AA batteries.
1	Great Price, Good Pictures
1	Great cost, Good Pictures
0	Seems to get a lot of red-eye
0	Seems to engender a lot of red-eye
1	Selectable ring tones for different people
1	Selectable ring tones for different mass
1	Tiny size. Goes anywhere
1	Tiny size. cristal anywhere
0	Low battery life, but still a good camera.
0	Low battery life, but silent a good camera.
0	you get what you pay for, this isn't for photo printing
0	you develop what you pay for, this isn't for exposure printing
0	thick shape is not as nice as Nikon 775; geared towards point &amp; shooters
0	duncish condition is not as nice as Nikon 775; geared towards point &amp; shooters
0	Image quality satisfactory.
0	picture quality satisfactory.
0	Poor quality and eats batteries
0	poor quality and eats batteries
0	The phone just goes bad and it needs to be replaced by your provider.
0	The phone just turn bad and it need to be replaced by your provider.
0	Button cover pops off, hard to cut on and off.
0	push cover start off, hard to cut on and off.
1	Standard JPEG format, 10x optical zoom, sturdy
1	Standard JPEG format, 10x optical whizz, sturdy
0	The alarm isn't that loud
0	The alarm isn't that meretricious
0	not the greatest speed
0	not the greatest hurry
0	Short battery life
0	Short battery biography
1	Easy to fold up, durable frame &amp; wheels, lots of accessories
1	soft to fold up, durable frame &amp; wheel, lots of accessories
1	Excellent Print Quality!
1	Excellent Print choice!
1	Photo quality prints, prints nice and fast and its very quiet!
1	Photo quality prints, impress dainty and fast and its very quiet!
0	Price, weight
0	damage, weight
0	Can be quite pricey.
0	seat be quite pricey.
0	The ink cartridge replacements are very high priced
0	The ink cartridge replacements are very mellow priced
1	Lots of options, digital, fairly easy to use
1	Lots of option, digital, fairly easy to use
1	Lightweight; charges quickly; uses other Nokia accessories; picks up PCS signal well indoors;
1	Lightweight; rouse quickly; employment other Nokia accessories; picks up PCS signal well indoors;
1	Low Cost Printer, High Quality Photos, Draft Mode Available.  Slots for SmartMedia and CompactFlash
1	downcast Cost Printer, High Quality picture, Draft Mode Available.  Slots for SmartMedia and CompactFlash
0	Turning is a challenge, brakes constantly lock themselves, basket is way too small
0	Turning is a challenge, brakes constantly lock themselves, handbasket is way too small-scale
0	2X Zoom could be better, skimpy 8MB  included compact flash card
0	2X Zoom could be respectable, skimpy 8MB  included constrict flash card
0	None
0	none
0	red eye, only 4mb supplied
0	Bolshevik eye, only 4mb supplied
1	Good battery life, huge screen, lots of features and excellent stylus menu structure
1	unspoiled battery life, huge screen, heaps of features and excellent stylus menu structure
0	random paper jams 
0	random composition jams 
0	I really don't see any reason for a con on this product
0	I really don't fancy any reason for a convict on this product
0	Blurry pictures, expensive ad-ons required, in shop 2 times in 1st year
0	Blurry figure, expensive ad-ons ask, in shop 2 times in 1st year
1	Very small, lightweight, great ringer tones, good phonebook features
1	Very small, lightweight, great ringer tones, good phonebook feature
1	Small size, decent battery life, range of accessories, excellent menu system
1	Small size, decent battery life, grade of accessories, excellent menu scheme
0	does not hold a lot of paper
0	does not detainment a lot of paper
0	Battery life, freezes sometimes, 
0	Battery life-time, freezes sometimes, 
1	Fairly cheap; Integrated lens cover
1	Fairly cheap; Integrated lense cover
1	Great features, small package
1	Great lineament, small package
1	Quick, Easy to install and use
1	Quick, prosperous to install and use
1	Stylish, thin, light, pics AND video, very durable
1	Stylish, thin, fall, pics AND video, very durable
0	No Analog, Shuts down once in while, software not upgradable
0	nobelium Analog, shut down once in while, software not upgradable
1	Cost
1	be
1	Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
1	Good 'phone' feel and voice quality.
1	Ease of set up, speed, quality
1	Ease of sic up, speed, quality
1	Super easy to use, wonderful quality images, plenty of features, great price.
1	Super easy to use, wonderful quality visualise, raft of features, great price.
1	Good picture quality in daylight, 8x Optical zoom, 
1	Good picture timber in daylight, 8x Optical zoom, 
1	Cheap, Well-Quality Prints
1	Cheap, Well-Quality impress
0	No built-in headset jack. No vibration.
0	No built-in headset diddlyshit. No vibration.
1	Neat compact easy to use
1	Neat compact easy to utilise
1	Average camera
1	average camera
1	sturdy durable easy assemble
1	sturdy durable sluttish assemble
0	Battery door is cheap plastic.  Cannot see LCD in Light
0	Battery door is cheap plastic.  Cannot control LCD in wanton
0	Poor battery life
0	Poor battery spirit
1	Easy to setup, beautiful color printouts, good compatibility with XP
1	slow to setup, beautiful color printouts, right compatibility with XP
1	 So much more room on my desk! Inexpensive, very clear, crisp printing. 
1	 So much more room on my desk! Inexpensive, very sack, crisp print. 
1	3-In-1 Camera, Great Price!, Small size, 8 MB Memory
1	3-In-1 Camera, Great Price!, minuscule size, 8 MB Memory
0	Picture quality, picture quality
0	photo quality, picture quality
0	The battery life.
0	The shelling life.
0	Still slightly bulky?, Poor low light picture quality, No sound when filming moving video
0	Still slightly bulky?, Poor low swooning photograph quality, No sound when filming moving video
0	Lack of USB (serial transfer is SLOW), slow between pictures, 2X zoom is not adequate
0	Lack of USB (serial transfer is slow), tedious between pictures, 2X zoom is not tolerable
1	Terrific high quality pictures
1	wonderful high quality pictures
1	Small,  easy to use,  nice features, easy and flexible connectivity to PC etc.
1	Small,  easy to use,  Nice features, prosperous and flexible connectivity to PC etc.
1	Great resolution and image quality
1	Great resolution and image prime
0	attenna
0	attenna
1	Size. That's about it.
1	sizing. That's about it.
0	As listed above
0	As list above
1	Many options, good reception, lightweight.
1	Many options, unspoilt reception, lightweight.
0	Single cartridge system, slow speeds, low quality, shall i go on?
0	Single cartridge system, retard speeds, low quality, shall i survive on?
0	No color screen
0	No color screenland
0	price, size / weight, easily "dewed"
0	price, size / burden, easily "dewed"
1	Low prices, nice features, all accessories included
1	Low prices, nice features, all accessories include
1	See Opinion
1	look Opinion
1	Constant Signal No Matter Where I Am
1	Constant Signal No Matter Where iodine Am
0	noisy, bad reception
0	noisy, sorry reception
0	Square design, 4MB memory not enough for some image printing, supplied drivers not excellent
0	hearty design, 4MB memory not enough for some project printing, supplied drivers not excellent
0	None
0	none
1	great camera
1	bully camera
1	good price. ability to take 15 second MPEGs.
1	dear price. ability to take 15 second MPEGs.
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear call.
0	Would like a Telephoto Lens.
0	Would like a Telephoto lens.
0	Only two positions on stroller, Car seat gets heavy, No infant head support.
0	Only two positions on stroller, Car seat get heavy, No infant head digest.
0	Picture quality not as good as other 2-MP cameras
0	Picture quality not as honorable as other 2-MP cameras
0	Poor Battery Life, hard to change faceplate, Loud Vibrating Alert!
0	piteous Battery Life, hard to change faceplate, gimcrack Vibrating Alert!
1	Color LCD screen, light, comes with 2 software
1	Color LCD screen, light, comes with ii software
1	Great quality and speed
1	Great quality and hurry
1	easy menu options, hard to break, and good text-messaging unit
1	gentle menu options, hard to prison-breaking, and good text-messaging unit
1	Very affordable printer
1	Very low-priced printer
1	Easy to use, customizable settings, great photos.
1	Easy to consumption, customizable settings, great photos.
1	durability, lightweight
1	durability, jackanapes
0	Electronic-only menu that's difficult to learn, no optical zoom
0	Electronic-only menu that's difficult to ascertain, no optical zoom
0	Noisy- Slow-only holds small amount of paper
0	Noisy- Slow-only carry small amount of paper
0	Color rendition not always accurate, lens cap, slow auto focus, rechargeable battery not included.
0	Color rendition not invariably accurate, lens cap, slow auto focalise, rechargeable battery not included.
0	Slightly noisy feeding paper
0	slightly noisy feeding paper
0	Abysmal support, quickly orphaned
0	Abysmal support, quickly orphan
1	Picture quality is great and easy to use
1	Picture quality is great and easy to expend
0	antenna is flimsy, navigation is better on starTAC(but very minor con), not a GSM phone
0	antenna is fragile, navigation is secure on starTAC(but very minor convict), not a GSM phone
0	nuffin...
0	nuffin...
1	Very good image quality in most cases, easy to learn and use, competitive price.
1	Very good double quality in most cases, easy to learn and use, competitive terms.
1	Beautiful color
1	Beautiful discolour
1	Nice to look at, nice to hold. Cutting edge, cool factor. Nice large display.
1	Nice to look at, nice to carry. stabbing edge, cool factor. Nice large display.
1	made with the professional in mind&amp;#13;&amp;#10;very reliable and easy to use
1	hold with the professional in idea&ampere;#13;&amp;#10;very reliable and easy to use
0	no rechargeable batteries and 16MB card
0	no rechargeable batteries and 16MB poster
0	Serial port, only 2mb memory ( 16 pics is not enough ), ugly pictures
0	sequential port, only 2mb memory ( 16 photo is not enough ), ugly pictures
0	single mode phone
0	I mode phone
0	I waited too long to get it!
0	I waited too long to capture it!
0	does not play .mp3 files
0	does not looseness .mp3 files
1	Lightweight and stylish. Nice parent tray.
1	lightweight and stylish. Nice parent tray.
0	Only minor ones.
0	Only tike ones.
1	Good pictures.
1	Good show.
1	Most comfortably sized PDA/phone combo.
1	Most comfortably sized PDA/headphone combo.
0	As packaged by Canon, contains only Windows software drivers.
0	ampere packaged by Canon, contains only Windows software drivers.
0	Uses batteries quickly, easy to lose lens cap, software is lacking.
0	Uses battery quickly, prosperous to lose lens cap, software is lacking.
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
0	washy VIBRATE! I can never palpate the vibrate on this phone!
0	bad connection
0	big connection
1	Varied ring selections, interchangeable face plates.
1	Varied telephone selections, interchangeable face plates.
0	Address book
0	Address script
0	dropped calls; keypad difficult to use
0	dropped ring; keypad difficult to use
0	Slow reaction. No polyphonic ring tone
0	Slow reaction. No polyphonic pack tone
1	Superior Performance, Incredibly Small, Classy Styling, Feature Packed
1	Superior Performance, Incredibly pocket-size, Classy Styling, Feature Packed
0	first one I bought was a lemon
0	first i I bought was a lemon
1	Good digital sound quality and battery life
1	Good digital well-grounded quality and battery life
0	no zoom, low resolution
0	no zoom, moo resolution
1	Captures great photos, many features.
1	entrance great photos, many features.
0	No external antenna jack
0	No external antenna shit
1	Excellent camera system, acts like a film camera
1	Excellent camera system, Acts like a film camera
0	outside scratches, cost (high)
0	outside scratching, cost (high)
1	Cheap, simple.
1	Cheap, dim-witted.
1	Cheap, Easy to use. Did I mention cheap 
1	Cheap, gentle to use. Did I mention cheap 
0	too big for jeans, cheap doors, red eye indoors
0	too big for jeans, cheap doors, red heart indoors
1	Easy, lightweight, durable, good pics
1	Easy, lightweight, durable, good photograph
0	might be pricey for some individuals
0	might be pricy for some individuals
1	Great Photo maker and two-sided printing.
1	Great picture maker and two-sided printing.
0	Durability, Sound quality
0	lastingness, Sound quality
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	amazing reception, vibrant discolor screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	very discrete, durable, cheap
1	very discrete, durable, flash
1	cheaper ink refills made by Amazon, easy to use, inexpensive overall cost
1	bum ink refills gain by Amazon, easy to use, inexpensive overall cost
0	Price.  Antenna.
0	price.  Antenna.
0	ink does not last long
0	ink does not concluding long
0	Long shot delay, slow shutter ineffective
0	Long shot delay, tiresome shutter ineffective
1	Excellent print quality, fast text printing
1	Excellent print quality, degenerate text printing
0	resolution
0	resolve
0	quite expensive but worth it for the quality
0	quite expensive but worth it for the calibre
0	difficult to install, expensive to operate, reliability, slow speed
0	difficult to install, expensive to operate, reliability, slow hotfoot
1	Massive storage capability.  Good battery life.  Multiple burst image is a nice feature
1	Massive storage capability.  goodness battery life.  Multiple bust image is a nice feature
0	Simply cannot be relied upon.
0	Simply cannot be trust upon.
1	Great images, easy to use, many features.
1	Great images, easy to utilisation, many features.
1	RECEPTION!!!  Visibility, size
1	reception!!!  Visibility, size
0	You will need to know a little bit about photo manipulation software
0	You will need to know a trivial bit about photograph manipulation software
1	Solid, small, easy to use.
1	Solid, low, easy to use.
0	can not put any weight in basket on on handle or will flip.
0	can not commit any weight in basket on on wield or will flip.
0	Speed
0	rush
1	Nice Camera young, it so tight!
1	Nice Camera young, it so taut!
0	GSM in Chicago, poor bluetooth,quiet ringer, slow sync
0	GSM in Chicago, poor bluetooth,hush ringer, slow sync
0	HP parts must be purchased directly from HP, Zooming in reduces quality
0	HP contribution must be purchased directly from HP, Zooming in reduces timber
0	SprintPCS has Spotty coverage at best.
0	SprintPCS has spotty coverage at best.
0	Not much in the way of accessory equipment
0	Not much in the path of accessory equipment
0	Not something you can tuck under your arm if you're running to catch a train or subway, getting into a taxi, or just  when traveling. 
0	Not something you can tuck under your gird if you're execute to catch a train or tube, nonplus into a taxi, or just  when journey. 
0	There is really no cons to this product, it is a great camera and has high quality options
0	There is really no memorize to this intersection, it is a keen camera and has high quality options
0	Lots of things to figure out if you want to get past the basics.
0	rafts of things to figure out if you want to beat past the basics.
0	Sort of expensive
0	classify of expensive
0	Battery life, virtually have to buy the rechargables
0	battery life, virtually have to buy the rechargables
1	Affordable
1	low-cost
0	Construction quality, buttons, ergonomics
0	Construction quality, release, ergonomics
1	Very small size, nice finish, anti-glare screen, easy - just point-and-shoot
1	Very small size, nice finish, anti-glare blind, well-off - just point-and-shoot
1	Very slick and attractive, portible, lightweight, Ringtones, faceplates,Good sound quality...ect
1	Very silken and attractive, portible, lightweight, Ringtones, faceplates,Good sound caliber...ect
0	none that I have come across yet!!
0	none that ace have come across yet!!
1	Super Bargain, Good pic quality
1	Super Bargain, Good flick quality
0	Bad metering, Must be in manual  to force flash on, 3.2 Megapixels eat up memory.
0	Bad metering, Must be in manual  to pressure flash on, 3.ii Megapixels eat up storage.
0	Sometimes joystick can be a hassle, internal antenna, poor GSM reception all over!
0	Sometimes joystick can be a hassle, internal aerial, wretched GSM reception all over!
1	Small size, inexpensive, ease of use
1	small size, inexpensive, ease of use
0	Batteries run out fast, uploading slow
0	Batteries range out fast, uploading slow
1	Cool design, lightweight, lots of features
1	Cool design, lightweight, caboodle of features
1	STYLE, COLOR, WEIGHT, AND SERVICE
1	STYLE, COLOR, WEIGHT, AND servicing
0	complex - steep learning curve
0	complex - steep eruditeness curve
1	Very sharp, professional looking print outs
1	Very sharp, master looking print outs
0	Battery life is too short, heats up noticeably during extended usage.
0	Battery living is too short, heats up noticeably during drawn-out usage.
1	Sturdy, fast in draft mode, low ink indicators.
1	Sturdy, fast in draft manner, low ink indicators.
0	none
0	none
1	Looks good. Holds a battery charge well. Interchangeable face plate.
1	Looks unspoiled. declare a battery charge well. Interchangeable face plate.
0	May not be the newest printer on the market... hey, it's a classic!
0	May not be the unexampled pressman on the market... hey, it's a classic!
0	flimsy stroller, stroller doesn't recline
0	flimsy pusher, stroller doesn't recline
1	Virtually everything, except...
1	near everything, except...
0	Expensive, weak flash
0	Expensive, weak scud
1	great potential pics
1	bully potential pics
1	lots of cute rings, adequate phone book/navigation/backlit
1	lots of cute rings, adequate phone volume/navigation/backlit
0	A bit large; inconvenient if you don't have a hand's free kit
0	A spot large; inconvenient if you don't have a hand's unloose kit
0	none
0	none
0	Expensive ink and slow
0	Expensive ink and decelerate
0	buttons get stuck under face plate
0	buttons get stuck under brass plate
1	Easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lightweight
1	Easy to enjoyment&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lightweight
0	Picture Quality
0	visualize Quality
0	No case, no lens cover
0	No incase, no lens cover
1	Great size and lightweight; durable phone!
1	Great size and lightweight; durable sound!
0	eats batteries, flash too bright for close-ups, it's expensive!
0	feed batteries, flash too bright for close-ups, it's expensive!
1	Compact, superior picture quality, very user friendly.
1	Compact, superior picture quality, very user favorable.
1	Fast engine, easy network setup,works with Win2K like a pro, great image quality!
1	Fast engine, easy network setup,works with Win2K like a pro, gravid simulacrum quality!
1	Speaker Phone, direct connect, largest color screen, easy to navigate & customizable menus
1	Speaker Phone, direct connect, largest color screen, comfortable to voyage & customizable menus
1	Inexpensive printer
1	Inexpensive pressman
1	small, high resolution, easy to transfer
1	small, high resolution, easy to channelise
0	Not good with low light situations.
0	Not good with abject light situations.
1	Wonderful picture quality, doesn't need too much expertise to start impressing people
1	Wonderful picture quality, doesn't need too much expertise to start imprint multitude
0	Software has strange quirks and it died after 60 days. Not happy!
0	Software has strange quirk and it break after 60 days. Not happy!
1	Quality Pictures, Good batter life, rugged, USB
1	Quality Pictures, Good batter life, tough, USB
0	poor battery life. ear burner. constant reboots. looses signal.
0	poor battery life. auricle burner. constant reboots. looses signal.
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
0	freezing menu, ringer ascertain on outside phone, miscarry calls, sucks over all
1	small, light, inexpensive
1	small, igniter, inexpensive
0	microphone, rebooting
0	microphone, boot
0	Battery Time, Heat After Long Use, Reception, Screen Picks up Grime
0	Battery sentence, Heat After Long Use, Reception, Screen weft up Grime
0	Included LCD screen completely washed out in daylight, viewfinder doesn't frame well.
0	Included LCD cover altogether washed out in daylight, viewfinder doesn't frame well.
1	A/C adapter included, optical zoom, battery life, serial and USB included
1	A/C adapter included, optical whizz, battery lifetime, serial and USB included
0	hard to believe,found NONE 
0	difficult to believe,found NONE 
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, allay of use...
0	No internal vibrate & dated games
0	No internal resonate & dated games
0	Difficult to cradle on shoulder
0	Difficult to provenance on shoulder
1	Good image quality, easy point and shoot mode, multiple options.
1	skillful icon quality, easy point and shoot mode, multiple options.
1	good price, good pictures, perfect for web use
1	undecomposed price, good pictures, perfect for web use
0	Clunks and slow at initial start of printing
0	Clunks and slow at initial depart of printing
1	small footprint and fewer cords
1	minuscule footprint and fewer cords
0	small dial pad, kind of expensive
0	pocket-sized dial pad, kind of expensive
0	Takes up most of your trunk space
0	necessitate up most of your trunk space
0	I do not like the single tank for my color ink. I like the individual colors like the Cannon has.The ink last longer when you have individual colors to replace and not a single tank like the Epson has.
0	I do not corresponding the single tank for my color ink. I like the someone color like the Cannon has.The ink net thirster when you have single discolor to exchange and not a single tank like the Epson has.
0	Price, incompatibilities
0	price, incompatibilities
1	Reliability, color, dpi
1	Reliability, colorise, dpi
1	NON
1	non
1	Uses a floppy disk    Still shots or short movie  
1	use a floppy disk    Still shots or short movie  
1	Excellent Print Quality, Excellent Reliability, FAST, Good Price Per Page Rating
1	Excellent Print Quality, Excellent Reliability, degraded, proficient Price Per Page Rating
1	Simple to use; LCD display; good picture quality
1	dewy-eyed to use; LCD display; good picture quality
1	Cheap, holds lots of pictures, and anti-redeye.
1	Cheap, holds lots of exposure, and anti-redeye.
1	Small and easy to carry, great software, multi-purpose
1	Small and loose to carry, great software, multi-purpose
0	Software Bug
0	Software hemipteran
1	Simple installation, brilliant results
1	Simple installation, brilliant issue
0	High price
0	High Price
0	not so easy to fold down with attachments, width
0	not so easy to fold down with attachments, breadth
0	None significant
0	none significant
1	small, easy to carry
1	small, well-heeled to carry
1	great resolution photos, easy to use
1	swell resolution photos, easy to use
1	price
1	Price
0	Nothing fancy
0	zilch fancy
0	Software is somewhat of a disappointment&amp;#13;&amp;#10;. 
0	package is fairly of a disappointment&amp;#13;&amp;#10;. 
0	No USB connection
0	No USB connexion
1	compact; lightweight; ease of use; modern features
1	stocky; lightweight; ease of use; modern features
0	zoom could be better, more compact flash needed
0	zoom could be better, more compact flash require
1	Wow, where to start? Clarity, functionality, BLUETOOTH, IR, superior battery life.
1	Wow, where to initiate? Clarity, functionality, BLUETOOTH, IR, superior battery living.
0	no place to put alphanumeric
0	no identify to put alphanumeric
0	NONE
0	none
1	Excellent photos, connectivity, size and functions
1	Excellent photos, connectivity, size and subroutine
1	Small size, nice lens, nice accessories
1	Small size, nice lens, Nice accessories
1	Light weight, comfortable cloth, reclines, sun canopy, very maneuverable and compact
1	loose weight, comfortable cloth, reclines, sun canopy, very maneuverable and thick
0	none
0	none
1	Super image quality, small, light weight, good software
1	Super image calibre, small, light weight, good software
1	small, light, great picture quality, great features.
1	small, sparkle, great picture quality, great features.
0	Ship with 16Mb MS. Long delay when red-eye reduction turned on
0	Ship with 16Mb MB. recollective delay when red-eye reduction turned on
0	uses ink quick,kind of expensive
0	function ink quick,kind of expensive
0	Poor camera, easy to scratch, ear jack is hard to open.
0	pitiful camera, easy to scratch, ear jack is hard to capable.
1	Very Good Text, Great Graphics and Photos
1	very Good Text, Great Graphics and Photos
1	up close, point and shoot capabilities
1	up tightlipped, point and shoot capabilities
1	Size, Weight, Carrying Holster, Stylish, Great Reception
1	Size, Weight, sway Holster, Stylish, Great Reception
0	Auto-Focus, No Video Sound
0	Auto-Focus, No Video wakeless
0	8 mb SmartMedia
0	8 megabit SmartMedia
0	Single colour cartridge vs. seperate tanks.
0	one colour cartridge vs. seperate tanks.
0	very noisy. average print quality. a bit slow. 
0	very noisy. average print quality. a moment slow. 
0	Latency between pics, size, construction flaws
0	Latency between photo, size, construction flaws
1	Good photo-quality printing if you use special paper
1	Good photo-quality printing if you manipulation special paper
1	Floppy disc is a plus, Nice Zoom Features.
1	Floppy disc is a summation, Nice Zoom Features.
0	Horrible manual, no belt clip
0	Horrible manual, no belt prune
1	Chock full of power features; ultimately versatile and customizable.
1	Chock full of superpower features; ultimately versatile and customizable.
1	Crisp and clear images, professional and elegant design, 8x zoom is magnificent
1	Crisp and realise images, professional and elegant purpose, 8x zoom is magnificent
0	Slow, high battery consumption rate.
0	Slow, high bombardment consumption rate.
0	Somewhat small display, pricey
0	fairly small display, pricey
1	Great ease of use, multifunctional, great features
1	Great ease of use, multifunctional, peachy features
0	Small keys,average battery life
0	minor keys,average battery life
1	Excellent photo quality, extreme ease of use, SONY styling., 
1	Excellent photo quality, extreme ease of utilise, SONY styling., 
1	Small, Lightweight, Great Reception, Clear Speakerphone
1	Small, Lightweight, keen Reception, Clear Speakerphone
0	Poor reception, clarity, interface and battery life/durability.
0	Poor reception, clarity, interface and battery spirit/durability.
1	Speakerphone, good sound, excellent all-around
1	Speakerphone, good level-headed, excellent all-around
1	Extremely durable, very long battery life, lasts for years.
1	Extremely durable, very hanker battery life, lasts for years.
0	Known issue with the "Flex Cable" (read review)
0	Known issue with the "Flex Cable" (read reassessment)
0	no flash
0	no brassy
1	Good image quality, 3x optical zoom, macro mode, inexpensive
1	Good persona quality, 3x optical zoom, macro mode, inexpensive
0	Picture taking without flash.
0	Picture taking without cheap.
0	No USB, flimsy exposed lens barrel, bad software, lack of ergonmic thinking, design thinking in spots
0	No USB, flimsy unwrap lens barrel, high-risk software, lack of ergonmic thinking, design imagine in spots
0	Uses a lot of power
0	Uses a destiny of power
1	Good looking, sturdy, easy to navigate.
1	Good looking, sturdy, easily to navigate.
0	Rubber earphone cover difficult to remove, Doesn't sync time and date, "Cute" styling :)
0	Rubber earphone extend difficult to remove, Doesn't sync time and date, "Cute" title :)
0	no viewfinder
0	no finder
0	Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
0	Overall dependability, screen seems cluttered.
0	not sure if the problems I see are related to this camera or not.
0	not sure if the problem I consider are related to this camera or not.
1	Excellent AF &amp; overall features REd eye reduction, compact, picture quality ease of use
1	Excellent AF &amp; overall features REd eye reduction, compact, picture quality alleviate of utilise
1	Very Nice Picture Quality, Good Value, Slideshow ability on TV!!!
1	Very Nice Picture Quality, soundly prize, Slideshow ability on TV!!!
0	wheels could be sturdier
0	roll could be sturdier
0	battery and phone book
0	battery and phone al-Qur'an
0	Bad reception in some places.
0	big reception in some places.
0	Grainy pictures and poor focus
0	Grainy exposure and poor focus
1	Lite-weight, easy to use, great for infants to toddlers, durable
1	Lite-weight, easy to enjoyment, corking for infants to toddlers, durable
1	Easy to steer - Very lightweight!
1	light to steer - Very lightweight!
0	can't think of any
0	can't retrieve of any
1	Great service,Great customer service,Low cost phone
1	Great service,Great customer service,lowly cost phone
0	cost
0	price
0	everything else!
0	everything else!
1	Nice lines, color screen, camera attachment, cool ringers, infrared port
1	Nice argumentation, colorise screen, camera attachment, cool ringers, infrared port
1	photo printing without a computer.  print quality.
1	photo printing without a computer.  print caliber.
1	Compact Size, Beautiful color, sleek design, 5MP resolution. 
1	Compact Size, Beautiful color, sleek design, 5MP solving. 
0	Long loading time, vibrate option is iffy.
0	Long dilute time, vibrate option is iffy.
0	not a flip phone
0	not a throw phone
0	uses batteries way tooooooo fast
0	utilize batteries way tooooooo fast
1	cheap price; stylish; good software
1	cheap price; stylish; dependable software
0	Below average battery life, lack of accessories, no on-board programs/utilities, speaker volume
0	Below average battery life, miss of accessories, no on-board broadcast/utilities, speaker volume
0	Almost too small sometimes, accessories not readily available, no auto keylock feature
0	virtually too little sometimes, accessories not readily available, no auto keylock feature
0	Expense of cartridges; cannot use generic brands.
0	Expense of cartridges; cannot habituate generic brands.
0	Screen can be difficult in full daylight; Joystick occasionally sticks if manhandled excessively; Sub-par camera.
0	Screen can be difficult in wide daylight; Joystick occasionally flummox if manhandle excessively; Sub-par camera.
0	Drains batteries.  Locks up from time to time.  Reception is spotty.
0	Drains batteries.  curl up from sentence to time.  Reception is spotty.
1	Great size, docking station, decent zoom, simple options, good software
1	bully size, bob station, decent zoom, simple options, good software
1	Lights on the front
1	lighting on the front
1	Not any more
1	not any more
0	Price, limited optical zoom, slow shutter recycle rate.
0	Price, limited optical zoom, irksome shutter recycle rate.
1	10x Optical zoom, xd memory, a lot of "ad-ons" available
1	10x Optical zoom, xd memory, a stack of "ad-ons" usable
1	Fantastic price!  4.1 Megapixel.  Size. Features. Ease of use.
1	Fantastic price!  4.1 Megapixel.  Size. Features. comfort of habituate.
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	User settings; menu items; contain signal; lack of email
1	It's light and low tech.
1	It's light-headed and low tech.
1	It looks ....OK.
1	It depend ....OK.
0	Battery life, green light in viewfinder annoying
0	Battery life, green ignite in viewfinder annoying
1	Compact and cheap, no paper jams, easy to use, prints on envelopes well, sturdy case
1	Compact and cheap, no composition jam, tardily to use, prints on envelopes well, sturdy case
0	Short battery life
0	scant battery life
0	Not too many features.
0	Not too many sport.
0	Runs on diskettes
0	lam on diskettes
0	Price
0	price
1	Cheap, cool ring tones
1	tawdry, cool ring tones
0	poor reception, antenna can break, small keypad
0	poor reception, antenna can breaking, small keypad
1	Great image quality, easy use with Windows
1	Great image quality, easy use with window
1	Touch Pad Navigation, Larger Screen, Good Camera, Fun Music Player, Advanced Bluetooth, Fun Phone.
1	trace Pad Navigation, Larger Screen, skillful Camera, Fun Music Player, Advanced Bluetooth, Fun Phone.
1	quiet
1	unruffled
1	lightweight, looks nice, changeable rubber and plastic faces...
1	lightweight, looks nice, chatoyant rubber and plastic faces...
1	Compact, but not teeny. easy-to-read display.
1	Compact, but not bittie. easy-to-read display.
1	Quality results, print head new with each cartridge, consistent
1	Quality results, mark head new with each cartridge, consistent
1	Ease of use, VERY nice quality, pretty fast for an inkjet
1	ease of use, VERY nice timbre, pretty fast for an inkjet
1	Color, speed, cost and desktop space.
1	Color, speed, cost and desktop distance.
0	A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
0	ampere spot bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
1	low cost, high features, fun
1	low-pitched cost, high features, fun
1	Durable stainless construction
1	undestroyable stainless construction
1	Sharp print and beautiful color images
1	sharp print and beautiful color images
1	Nice, Compact little camera
1	Nice, Compact fiddling camera
1	compact, light, optical &amp; digital zoom, expandable, crisp 2" LCD
1	compendious, lighting, optical &amp; digital zoom, expandable, crisp 2" LCD
1	Sturdy ~ still working with my kids using it daily!
1	Sturdy ~ still working with my banter using it daily!
0	Fragile antenna
0	flimsy antenna
0	Unlocked Version is Quirky and Unfriendly
0	Unlocked interpretation is Quirky and Unfriendly
0	Full size camera is a bit bulkier than today's typical digitals.
0	broad size camera is a burn bulkier than today's typical digitals.
0	none
0	none
1	Saves to Convenient 3.5&amp;quot; Disk 
1	economize to Convenient 3.5&amp;quot; Disk 
1	Price, features, long battery-life, high quality
1	Price, features, yearn battery-life, high quality
0	Price
0	terms
1	Small size, magnesium body, professional settings, and an all-glass lens.
1	Small size, Mg body, professional context, and an all-glass lens.
0	shutter button has poor feel.
0	shutter button has poor feeling.
0	You need to be a pioneer. Lousy support from Kyocera and Alltel. Terrible documentation.
0	You necessitate to be a pioneer. Lousy support from Kyocera and Alltel. severe documentation.
0	NONE!!!
0	none!!!
0	reception, batt. life, call volume, quality
0	reception, batt. life, shout volume, quality
1	Excellent fax, print, scan functions.
1	Excellent fax, print, scan subroutine.
1	Color, AIM, Good Reception
1	Color, AIM, effective Reception
1	Great image quality
1	Great image timbre
1	Great construction; Great performance; Good features; Just about ergonomically perfect
1	Great construction; Great performance; Good features; fair about ergonomically utter
1	compact, stylish, good quality pictures
1	compact, stylish, good quality picture
1	Perfect size, easy to use, affordable, good software
1	Perfect size, comfortable to use, affordable, good software
0	display is small, no one touch vibrate.
0	display is small, no unmatched touch vibrate.
0	don't have any
0	don't have any
1	High resolution printing of photographs, crisp document printing, adjustable feeds
1	High result printing of photographs, crispy document printing, adjustable feeds
0	Slow to take a picture at times
0	Slow to issue a picture at times
1	Low price for so much. Lots of room.
1	Low price for so much. mint of room.
0	slow response
0	sluggish response
1	Zoom Capability,20mb card,recharging batteries,great reprints on Epson printer.
1	Zoom capableness,20mb card,recharging batteries,great separate on Epson printer.
0	Print quality, speed, paper feed
0	Print quality, swiftness, paper feed
1	Battery life is long, camera, java games, mp3 ringtones, color screen
1	bombardment life is long, camera, java games, mp3 ringtones, color shield
0	gsm network not always available, no date with time
0	gsm net not always available, no date with time
0	NONE
0	none
1	Same quality, less expensive than 3030
1	Same select, less expensive than 3030
0	Looks kinda weird, but is still cool.
0	Looks kinda weird, but is still chill.
1	Easy to use, comes with all accessories to get started, high quality pictures.
1	Easy to use, cum with all accessories to suffer started, high quality pictures.
1	Takes good pics, camera flip phone
1	carry good pics, camera flip phone
0	An absolute battery hog
0	An absolute battery squealer
0	short battery life
0	poor battery life
1	use of floppy disk over memory cards
1	utilization of floppy disk over memory cards
1	Light, easy to use, lots of features, games, and options. Great reception.
1	promiscuous, easy to expend, lots of features, games, and options. Great reception.
1	easy to use, for the basic user, a good starter digicam
1	sluttish to purpose, for the basic user, a good starter digicam
1	Good from newborn to toddler; high quality materials
1	skilful from newborn to toddler; high quality materials
0	Must anticipate startup/action shots, intermittent focus problems, USB cable problems, CCD light interpretation
0	Must anticipate startup/action shots, intermittent direction problems, USB cable problems, CCD illumination interpretation
1	fairly economical for the features, easy to use, good results
1	fairly economical for the features, easy to utilise, good lead
0	Battery life
0	battery life
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Affordable
1	low-priced
1	Looks cool to the eye.
1	tone cool to the eye.
0	everything you can think of
0	everything you can cerebrate of
0	None found yet
0	None witness yet
1	works well indoors, great features
1	works well indoors, neat features
1	excellent printer!
1	excellent pressman!
0	hard to press the buttons.No bluetooth
0	arduous to press the buttons.No bluetooth
1	Great images, excellent build quality, fast cycle time, great flexibility, multiple storage media choices.
1	bang-up images, excellent build quality, fast Hz time, great flexibility, multiple storage media choices.
1	Small & lightweight, very easy to use. Interchangeable faceplates and a vibrating ringer. Cheap too!
1	Small & lightweight, very easily to usage. Interchangeable faceplates and a vibrating ringer. Cheap too!
0	durability/size
0	lastingness/size
0	Drinks ink.   Warranty repairs at 6months. Now (18 months) Head needs replacing @ $215.00.
0	Drinks ink.   Warranty vivify at 6months. Now (18 months) manoeuver needs replacing @ $215.00.
0	Non-rechargeable batteries.
0	Non-rechargeable bombardment.
1	Don't need to boot up the computer to make color or B&amp;W copies.
1	Don't necessitate to boot up the computer to do discolour or B&amp;W copies.
0	Only comes with an 8mb card.
0	solitary comes with an 8mb card.
1	The color is very good and pretty accurate.  Doesn't jam very often
1	The color is very good and somewhat accurate.  Doesn't press very often
1	HP quality, fast and excellent printouts, and easy to use.
1	HP quality, profligate and excellent printouts, and comfortable to use.
1	Tiny "take anywhere" convenience&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Beautiful photos
1	Tiny "carry anywhere" convenience&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Beautiful picture
0	battery life
0	barrage life
1	High quality printing, in black and white, or color.
1	High quality printing, in black and white, or gloss.
0	Hard to find, install and software has some issues.
0	Hard to find, install and software has some take.
1	Availability
1	availability
1	inexpensive, high quality color and b&amp;w print-out; nice little features 
1	inexpensive, gamy quality colouring and b&amp;w print-out; nice little features 
0	None, yet, except maybe that it isn't free
0	None, yet, except perhaps that it isn't free
1	small, light, good picture quality, easy to use
1	small, light, skillful picture quality, easy to use
1	Image, Speed, Quality, and great Customer Service
1	figure, Speed, Quality, and great Customer Service
0	Too many pay to use-features, probably big and bulky for most users.
0	Too many earnings to use-features, probably bighearted and bulky for most users.
1	DOES IT ALL: PRINTS, COPIES &amp;amp; FAX
1	DOES IT ALL: print, COPIES &amp;amp; FAX
1	Quick high quality output
1	Quick high caliber output
1	Size, great reception, looks, outside LCD screen, blue inside LCD screen, vibrate alert
1	Size, great reception, looks, outside LCD screen, profane inside LCD screen, vibrate rattling
0	No LCD screen cover, no AF assist light, 
0	No LCD screen cover, no AF assist spark, 
1	Excellent photo quality printing
1	Excellent photo timbre printing
0	proprietary batteries.
0	proprietary barrage.
0	weak battery, cheap construction, typical flip phone woes.
0	weak battery, cheap construction, typical riff phone woes.
1	incredible image quality, big (32mb!) compactflash card
1	incredible image quality, big (32mb!) compactflash placard
1	Small, nice solid flip, lots of features.
1	lowly, nice solid flip, lots of features.
0	No analog band, no speaker phone, marginal battery life, pricey.
0	no analog band, no verbalizer phone, marginal battery life, pricey.
1	ease of using a floppy disk, price, quality of finished product
1	ease of using a floppy disc, price, caliber of finished product
0	Poor interface
0	wretched interface
0	Noisy, Non-Removable power cable
0	Noisy, Non-Removable exponent cable
0	Bulky
0	bulky
1	cost,, size, ease of use
1	toll,, size, ease of use
1	print speed
1	mark speed
0	Noisy and difficult to use
0	Noisy and difficult to utilize
1	Quality, user friendly, cost of consumables
1	tone, user friendly, cost of consumables
1	Does everything.  After a while you won't know how you got along without it.
1	coiffure everything.  After a while you won't know how you commence along without it.
0	No screen protector, that I guess could get beat up over time.
0	No screen protector, that I venture could get meter up over time.
0	thirsty for ink  (not worse than other inkjets)
0	thirsty for ink  (not uncollectible than other inkjets)
1	Inexpensive, superb image quality, fast printing, very quiet.
1	Inexpensive, superb picture quality, fast printing, very quiet.
1	Cheap
1	meretricious
1	Easy to use, cheap price, e-mail options, instant message options, etc.
1	Easy to use, gaudy price, e-mail options, heartbeat message options, etc.
1	Small, CF memory, Rechargable battery, nice pictures in good light, small compact design
1	Small, CF memory, Rechargable battery, nice pictures in good sluttish, belittled compact design
1	Lots of Features, Cheap
1	mickle of Features, Cheap
1	cheap, fast, reliable, laser
1	tawdry, fast, reliable, laser
0	AMAZINGLY poor image quality
0	AMAZINGLY poor image choice
1	Good quality, very easy, compact, fast file transfer.
1	unspoilt quality, very easy, compact, fast file transfer.
0	Camera is wimpy, side keys get pressed accidentally
0	Camera is wimpy, side keys incur pressed accidentally
1	Automatic Key lock is good.  Cute screensavers.
1	Automatic headstone lock is good.  Cute screensavers.
1	Price, zoom, ease of use, durability
1	Price, zoom, ease of utilisation, durability
1	Mini-browser capability, easy to use, light-weight, and great voice-activated dial-up accuracy!
1	Mini-browser capability, loose to consumption, light-weight, and great voice-activated dial-up accuracy!
0	No Viewing Screen
0	No showing Screen
1	Light as air, Excellent O/S, Dual Band
1	twinkle as air, Excellent O/S, Dual Band
1	Long Lasting Photo-Ink, Cheaper Black Cartridge, 4800X1200 Resolution.
1	Long Lasting Photo-Ink, Cheaper Negro Cartridge, 4800X1200 Resolution.
1	good clear pictures, good color prints
1	good clear pictures, good vividness prints
1	Easy to use -Great Pictures - 
1	Easy to role -Great Pictures - 
1	great pictures, feature rich
1	great photo, feature rich
0	Envelopes must be "snug" with track to print, 
0	enclose must be "snug" with track to print, 
0	Pretty expensive, but well worth it.
0	fairly expensive, but well worth it.
1	nice printing quality
1	skillful printing quality
1	Very easy to use, easy to close
1	Very easy to use, slow to close
1	Fast, easy to use when working, USB connection, cheap initial investment, easy cartridge, excellent color.
1	fast, easy to purpose when working, USB connection, punk initial investment, easy cartridge, excellent color.
0	Many of the features don't work right.
0	Many of the features don't work rectify.
0	noise, connection, noise, noise
0	noise, connection, noise, stochasticity
0	Not quite as sharp
0	Not quite as keen
0	Power consumption, resolution
0	Power intake, resolution
0	None.
0	none.
1	Small, lightweight, strong construction
1	Small, lightweight, hard construction
1	variety of options, quality is superb.  
1	motley of options, quality is superb.  
0	weak flash, video-conferencing feature is kinda crummy too
0	weak blink, video-conferencing feature is kinda crummy too
1	One rate plan compatible, dual band dual mode phone, call I.D. call waiting
1	One rate plan compatible, dual band double mode phone, call I.viosterol. call waiting
0	Inconsistent picture quality
0	Inconsistent envision quality
1	Price and ease of use
1	Price and relieve of use
0	Optional AC adapter
0	optional AC adapter
0	Battery life is very short
0	Battery life is very curtly
1	As stated above, the phone has many PROS.
1	As tell above, the phone has many PROS.
1	good pic quality, easy to use, user-friendly computer software
1	good pic quality, easy to use, user-friendly calculator software
0	Expensive.
0	expensive.
1	Small size, voice dialing, great options, bluetooth, free at AT&Twireless.com
1	Small size, interpreter dialing, great options, bluetooth, destitute at AT&Twireless.com
1	Size; easy carry. Plenty of cool features. Bright, good quality, easily read color display.
1	Size; easy carry. Plenty of sang-froid features. Bright, good timbre, easily read color display.
1	great pictures quality, good usability, light
1	great pictures quality, good usability, lightsome
0	Really requires rechargeable batteries.
0	Really requires rechargeable battery.
0	Price
0	price
1	Baby sleeps through a variety of moves.
1	Baby sleeps through a variety of displace.
0	Battery life is only good for 75 minutes of shooting. Once I got started, I wanted to keep going!
0	Battery life is only salutary for 75 minutes of shooting. Once I fix started, I wanted to retain going!
1	Awesome print quality for the price, easy to use, small in design.
1	Awesome print quality for the terms, easy to habit, small in design.
1	Long lasting battery, speed dial, crisp screen
1	Long lasting battery, amphetamine dial, crisp screen
0	No Voice Dialing
0	No vocalisation Dialing
1	Great colors
1	Great discolour
1	lightweight, fits in pocket or purse, easy to program and use
1	lightweight, fits in pocket or purse, easygoing to program and apply
0	Poor print quality, expensive cartridges and poor dependability.
0	Poor print quality, expensive cartridges and pitiful dependability.
1	Point and shoot, some nice quality 1.3 megapixels
1	steer and shoot, some nice quality 1.3 megapixels
1	Great price, quality printing
1	Great toll, quality printing
0	Duplexing cuts speed drastically
0	Duplexing cuts fastness drastically
0	You only get what you pay for.
0	You only capture what you pay for.
1	None
1	none
1	Long battery life
1	Long battery biography
0	Flimsy, poor reception, hard to read.
0	Flimsy, poor reception, tough to read.
1	Phenominal image quality; awesome features; ultra-cool low-light photo quality
1	Phenominal image calibre; awesome features; ultra-cool low-light photo quality
1	Great size even for big hands. flip design. stong battery. joystick navigation
1	Great size eve for giving hands. flip design. stong battery. joystick navigation
0	Car charger not included, poor ear piece quality, Cam poor resolution, screen scratched up easily.
0	Car charger not admit, pitiable ear piece quality, Cam poor resolution, concealment scratched up easily.
0	very hard to figure out how to work
0	very voiceless to figure out how to work
0	None so far
0	None so FAR
1	Ease of use, size and price
1	Ease of habit, size and price
0	eats up batteries like they're going out of style, not much space
0	eats up bombardment like they're sledding out of style, not much space
1	Large 4,096 color display, Great digital camera, Memory Card
1	Large 4,096 colorize display, Great digital camera, Memory poster
0	hard to find retail
0	intemperately to find retail
0	Serial interface
0	Serial port
1	Inexpensive, Fun, quick and easy!
1	Inexpensive, Fun, quick and tardily!
0	Flash, but not too worry about
0	twinkle, but not too worry about
1	Quiet, print quality, HP customer service
1	Quiet, print quality, horsepower customer service
0	Some may consider it expensive but for what you get it's very reasonable!
0	Some may consider it expensive but for what you aim it's very fair!
0	A little bit expensive, but worth the extra money
0	A little bite expensive, but worth the extra money
0	Lens cap. Lens cap. Lens cap
0	Lens crest. Lens cap. Lens cap
0	Slower than a laser, small paper capacity
0	Slower than a laser, small-scale paper capacity
0	Proprietary Sony memory, limited white balance options, and proprietary Sony external flash&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Proprietary Sony memory, throttle bloodless balance options, and proprietary Sony external gaudy&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Jams easily, and doesn't feed without a lot of assistance.
0	jampack easily, and doesn't feed without a deal of assistance.
1	Easy to understand interface and nice icons. Lots of functions not found on all cameras
1	easy to understand interface and nice icons. hatful of subroutine not found on all cameras
0	Sony Support is Horrible at best!
0	Sony Support is Horrible at respectable!
1	Small size and compactness, ease of use, IRDA connectivity
1	Small size and compactness, ease of habituate, IRDA connectivity
1	3.2 MegaPixel, 3x optical zoom, compact size, lots of creative control.
1	3.2 MegaPixel, 3x optical zoom, compact size, draw of creative operate.
0	Hard to use with one hand
0	intemperate to use with one hand
0	Poor earpiece volume, feels fragile at times, stock software is useless
0	wretched earpiece volume, feels fragile at times, hackneyed software is useless
0	a flip phone that has no protection for the main screen.
0	a throw phone that has no tribute for the main screen.
0	expensive, hard to see LED in sun
0	expensive, laborious to see LED in sun
0	Lacks LCD screen. Only holds two cartridges at a time, so no seven-ink prints.
0	Lacks LCD screen. Only give two cartridges at a time, so no seven-ink mark.
0	Little zoom, using LCD eats up batteries fast
0	Little zoom, using LCD eats up bombardment fast
0	screen, polyphonic capabilities, paint on phone is not very adherent,size
0	sieve, polyphonic capabilities, paint on phone is not very adherent,sizing
1	good service
1	soundly service
0	Won't print color if black cartridge is empty.
0	Won't print color if blackness cartridge is empty.
1	12PPM, USB, low price, nice software features.
1	12PPM, USB, low price, gracious software features.
0	Odd durability issues over time, Camera is poor quality, Navigation is slow
0	Odd durability issues over time, Camera is poor tone, Navigation is wearisome
0	Only con is that they no longer sell these.
0	Only yardbird is that they no longer sell these.
1	Super fast start up hardly any lag between shooting at all resolutions
1	passing fast start up hardly any lag between shooting at all firmness
0	price
0	damage
0	Its a piece of crap
0	IT a piece of crap
0	Customer service are outright rude and obnoxious.
0	Customer service are instantly rude and obnoxious.
0	Irritatiing menu structure, too many buttons to press
0	Irritatiing menu structure, too many buttons to beseech
0	a little bulky, a bit pricey if you get it full-price, downloads aren't all free
0	a niggling bulky, a turn pricey if you baffle it full-price, downloads aren't all free
0	Flip part does not cover screen, wireless web
0	sky part does not cover screen, wireless web
0	Very poor battery performance
0	Very pitiable battery performance
1	All-In-One, four separate printer cartridges, affordable price, 250 paper capacity
1	All-In-One, four fork printer magazine, affordable price, 250 paper capacity
0	Doesn't come with much; uses ink quickly; a little slow.
0	Doesn't come with much; utilisation ink quickly; a little tardily.
0	Poor battery reporting by the camera.
0	pathetic battery reporting by the camera.
1	picture quality, ease of use
1	render quality, ease of use
0	Advertises Win 2000 support but not in the box
0	Advertises Win 2000 documentation but not in the box
1	Cell phone's are convient
1	cubicle phone's are convient
1	Good Value
1	full Value
1	easy to use, plenty of bells and whistles
1	easy to usage, plenty of bells and whistles
0	antena broke off eventually, sand gets in keys
0	antena broke off eventually, sand beat in keys
1	Incredibly strong case, good speaker phone
1	Incredibly strong case, dependable speaker phone
0	video feature not useful, cost
0	television feature not useful, cost
1	Cute design, price.
1	Cute design, cost.
1	Very easy to use Great pictures
1	Very easy to use Great characterization
0	A little pricey!
0	A picayune pricey!
0	no voice recognition, some dim spots on keypad, screen on outside keeps going out!
0	no voice recognition, some dim blot on keypad, screen on outside keeps go out!
0	Bad reception
0	speculative reception
0	battery life less than expected
0	shelling life less than expected
0	Large and bulky, a bit awkward to hold, and well, a bit ugly.
0	Large and bulky, a bit awkward to delay, and advantageously, a bit ugly.
1	Uhhh... Wait... It will come.........It was rugged and strong...?
1	Uhhh... waitress... It will follow.........It was rugged and strong...?
0	without a good quality color printer and photo paper, you're stuck viewing photos on the computer
0	without a good quality discolor printer and photo paper, you're adhere viewing photo on the computer
0	Placement of speakerphone & volume control buttons are awkward; speakerphone function needs improvement.
0	Placement of speakerphone & bulk control buttons are awkward; speakerphone function require improvement.
1	Fast, easy to network, clear printing, good price
1	Fast, easy to network, unclutter printing, good price
1	Light Weight;slim design;Dual LCD Displays a plus;backlighting
1	illumine Weight;slim design;Dual LCD exhibit a plus;backlighting
0	Battery life could be better. Storage disks somewhat inadequate.
0	Battery life could be serious. Storage disks somewhat inadequate.
0	no diopter (wear your glasses), 2x zoom, fully automatic
0	no diopter (wear your glasses), 2x zoom, fully robotlike
1	All the usual calling features and looks. Takes a beating. Average battery life.
1	All the usual predict features and looks. Takes a licking. Average battery life.
1	Every feature you want.
1	Every characteristic you want.
1	cheap, simple, good software package
1	cheap, simple, expert software package
0	Slow Copier, Costly Ink Cartridge
0	tardily Copier, Costly Ink Cartridge
1	Sleek, Competitive and Impressive
1	Sleek, free-enterprise and Impressive
1	inexpensive, quality picture in daylight, 2 megpixels, fast download
1	inexpensive, quality picture in daylight, 2 megpixels, degenerate download
0	Send and End keys on wrong sides, No calculator, Needs a belt clip
0	Send and last keys on wrong sides, No calculator, Needs a belt magazine
1	Great quality professional looking printing
1	great quality professional looking printing
1	Price performance ratio
1	Price execution ratio
1	Print quality in both colour and B/W, Speed, nice interface, ink life, amazing quality even on standard A4 paper,
1	Print quality in both colouring and B/double-u, Speed, nice interface, ink life, baffle quality even on standard A4 wallpaper,
0	rather wide, no free roaming wireless web or organizor programs
0	rather encompassing, no innocent roaming wireless web or organizor programs
1	Individual ink cartridges, speed, nice black text print, parallel port
1	Individual ink cartridges, hie, nice blacken text print, parallel port
1	Nice menus, great view screen
1	Nice menus, swell view screen
1	Has a lot of easy-to-use features, excellent reception, very portable
1	bear a mess of easy-to-use features, excellent reception, very portable
1	Large font and buttons for limited vision users.
1	Large font and push for limited vision users.
1	fast
1	truehearted
1	*Sleek design
1	*Sleek blueprint
0	green lid screen.
0	green lid riddle.
1	good sound quality, when it works.
1	good sound quality, when it crop.
0	Must lock-out keypad or it calls/turns off while in your pocket, receives calls without ringing.
0	Must lock-out keypad or it calls/become off while in your pocket, receives address without surround.
0	Can't think of one!
0	Can't think of I!
1	Extremely small, but comfortable to grip; very good design and functionality; great UI; looks cool!
1	Extremely low, but comfortable to clasp; very good invention and functionality; great UI; looks cool!
1	Small, good quality, 3.3 Megapixel, long battery life
1	Small, good choice, 3.3 Megapixel, long battery life
1	comfortable, cleans up nicely
1	comfy, cleans up nicely
0	Never know when it will work
0	Never know when it will function
0	Expensive
0	expensive
0	1/60 second shutter speed  too fast for low light conditions.
0	1/60 second shutter speed  too quick for low light qualify.
0	Utterly Losuy pictures in extreme.
0	Utterly Losuy photograph in extreme.
0	none
0	none
0	No usb cable included.
0	No usb wire included.
0	NOT for babies, huge, expensive
0	NOT for babies, vast, expensive
1	A very nice camera for the price
1	A very gracious camera for the price
1	Small,superb styling
1	small,superb styling
0	NONE!
0	none!
0	New LCD is smaller, complex menu, auto-focus can be fooled under certain conditions.
0	New LCD is low, complex menu, auto-focus can be fool under certain conditions.
0	None to speak of
0	None to verbalise of
1	Great print quality, inexpensive to buy, inexpensive ink.
1	Great print character, inexpensive to buy, inexpensive ink.
0	It doesn't have an antenna so reception is bad inside.
0	It doesn't have an antenna so reception is spoiled interior.
1	Phone is light (about seven ounces), and easy to use; not too compact
1	headphone is light-headed (about seven ounces), and easy to use; not too compact
0	No optical viewfinder, no video-out port, red-eye problems, 
0	No optical viewfinder, no video-out port, red-eye job, 
1	pretty good looks, internet enabled, speaker phone
1	pretty safe looks, internet enabled, speaker phone
1	Picture Quality, Size, Media, Multi Modes (MPEG Video, Still Shot, Email, etc.), Accessories (Memory stick reader, memory stick printer) 
1	characterisation timbre, Size, Media, Multi Modes (MPEG Video, Still Shot, Email, etc.), Accessories (Memory stick lector, memory stick printer) 
1	An excellent stroller
1	An excellent saunterer
1	quality, reliability and price
1	prize, reliability and price
0	Slow preview mode and start-up, substantial price
0	Slow trailer mode and start-up, substantial price
1	Great size and pictures, intuitive interface and software
1	Great size and envision, intuitive interface and software
1	Comes with all the accessories to make it work out of the box.
1	Comes with all the accessories to draw it ferment out of the box.
0	Horrible battery life, phone prone to defects
0	ugly battery life, phone prone to defects
0	No optical viewfinder. 4MB memory stick is too small.
0	No optical viewfinder. 4MB memory bond is too small.
1	It does so much
1	It does so lots
0	None!
0	none!
1	Ease of use, well-written instructions, versatility, storage capacity
1	Ease of employ, well-written instructions, versatility, storage capacity
1	Easy to use.  Excellent sound/volume on both earpiece and speakerphone.
1	Easy to purpose.  Excellent voice/volume on both earpiece and speakerphone.
0	rechargeable batteries/charger not included, no manual exposure options 
0	rechargeable batteries/charger not included, no manual exposure pick 
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
1	Smart design, reliable shelling life, and clear calls.
0	Text output not so good
0	Text output not so proficient
1	Great quality print, Prints on any weight of paper, dependable
1	neat quality print, Prints on any weighting of paper, dependable
1	Easy to steer &amp; great one hand fold. Comfortable for baby &amp; us.
1	Easy to manoeuver &amp; great one hand fold. Comfortable for baby &AMP; us.
1	Compact, good controls layout, amazing photo quality, video with sound
1	succinct, good mastery layout, amazing photo quality, video with sound
0	Terrible picture quality, menus are tough to navigate, software lacks
0	Terrible picture timbre, menus are tough to sail, software lacks
0	Short battery life, weak vibrating alert
0	Short battery life, weak vacillate alert
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	Some neutered features, minuscule navigation cut, and poor external display planning.
0	The reception is not to good.
0	The reception is not to serious.
1	Smart, easy to use, the ultimate 'lifestyle' phone
1	Smart, easy to role, the ultimate 'lifestyle' phone
0	Key lock unlocks when you get a call and slide switch on side is annoying.
0	distinguish whorl unlocks when you get a call and slide tack on side is annoying.
1	Gorgeous fabric, free-standing once folded, generous hood, easy use, lightweight &amp; compact while luxurious.
1	Gorgeous fabric, free-standing once folded, generous hood, leisurely use, lightweight &amp; squeeze while luxurious.
0	Not many: Flimsy plastic, goofy network install, critical alignment tough
0	Not many: unconvincing plastic, goofy network install, critical alignment hard
1	quality, price, nice design, Photo Ret III&amp;#133;
1	quality, toll, nice design, Photo Ret III&amp;#133;
1	ease of use, great features, low cost
1	ease of role, great features, low cost
0	Poor picture quality, eats up ink cartridges fast 
0	Poor picture quality, deplete up ink cartridges fast 
1	small light weight
1	pocket-size light weight
1	great zoom
1	big zoom
0	Battery life
0	Battery biography
1	multiple functions
1	multiple office
0	Flash is too bright on auto setting, but can be adjusted. 
0	tawdry is too bright on auto setting, but can be set. 
0	I hate where the lens is because I always put my finger over it!
0	I hatred where the lens is because I e'er put my finger over it!
0	EVERYTHING
0	EVERYTHING
0	none
0	none
1	Very clear pictures at a regular resolution, lightweight,, and very dependable
1	Very gain figure at a regular resolution, lightweight,, and very dependable
1	Reliable, durable phone with no wasted frills.  Long battery life.
1	Reliable, durable earpiece with no squander frills.  Long battery life.
1	Excellent design, ergonomic, good battery life, well designed menu.
1	Excellent design, ergonomic, good battery life, fountainhead designed menu.
0	heavy, poor reception,retarded keypad, randomly disconnects, annoying low batt sound, very few ring tones,
0	heavy, hapless reception,retarded keypad, haphazardly disconnects, annoying low batt sound, very few ring chant,
1	Has held up well, very roomy, great ride, and doesn't squeak!
1	Has concur up well, very roomy, great sit, and doesn't squeak!
0	not very durable
0	not very lasting
1	Outstanding print quality, ink monitor, quiet, enclosures, price
1	Outstanding print select, ink monitor, quiet, enclosures, price
1	use to take places and you get great pictures
1	use to take places and you arrive great pictures
1	Name &amp; quality are great as always with HP.
1	Name &amp; quality are outstanding as always with HP.
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	turgid size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
1	affordable, easy to use, takes nice pictures
1	affordable, easy to use, takes nice see
0	screens go out, bad reception
0	riddle go out, bad reception
1	Great picture quality, extra editing features, lens cover, small size
1	Great picture prime, extra editing features, Lens cover, small size
1	Good quality prints, reasonably priced
1	serious quality prints, reasonably priced
1	Loaded with features, almost a pda and phone combined.
1	fuddled with features, almost a pda and phone combined.
1	good print quality
1	good publish quality
0	not for people with bigger fingers
0	not for people with grownup fingers
0	Still a bit bulky and reception goes in and out and no expandability.
0	Still a sting bulky and reception fit in and out and no expandability.
0	No color screen, screen size small, a little bit heavy and bulky.
0	No color screen, screen size small, a petty bit threatening and bulky.
1	cheaper price than some
1	tawdry price than some
1	Small, lightweight
1	humble, lightweight
0	doesn't play games like its big brothers
0	doesn't play games like its handsome brothers
1	Great price on refurbs
1	enceinte price on refurbs
1	Easy and Fun to Use , great photo , and video quality  
1	Easy and Fun to employment , outstanding photo , and video quality  
0	Somewhat "clunky" menu system
0	Somewhat "clunky" menu arrangement
1	A durable flip phone that resembles the Samsung 8500.
1	a durable flip phone that resembles the Samsung 8500.
0	Motorola ripped me off, and I hope the company goes bankrupt.
0	Motorola ripped me off, and I hope the caller belong bankrupt.
1	Great quality for the money, new desktop wallpaper everyday if you like.
1	big quality for the money, New desktop wallpaper everyday if you like.
0	Some chromatic aberration (purple fringing)
0	Some chromatic aberration (imperial fringing)
1	Ease of Use, Lightweight
1	Ease of utilize, Lightweight
1	can change the face plate
1	can change the case plate
0	"Only" 2.1 MP, larger and heavier than most digital cameras
0	"Only" 2.1 MP, gravid and sullen than most digital cameras
1	LIGHTWEIGHT
1	lightweight
1	Faster, higher resolution, nice photo quality
1	Faster, mellow resolution, nice photo quality
0	Choppy videos, Interface sometimes slow or freezes up, Camera drains battery
0	Choppy videos, Interface sometimes dull or frost up, Camera drains battery
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
1	1.trine MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
0	If you need the PostScript option, that may place the printer on the pricey side.
0	If you demand the PostScript option, that may rate the printer on the costly side.
0	Paper problems, Loud, Consumes Ink, 
0	Paper problems, loudly, Consumes Ink, 
0	ring volume, slow menu navigation, battery life
0	ring volume, slow menu navigation, battery lifespan
1	clear communication, easy to use, very portable and compact
1	solve communication, easy to use, very portable and compact
0	not a single one!
0	not a single peerless!
1	Easy to Use;, Comes with cords and software
1	easygoing to Use;, Comes with cords and software
1	Affordable, Easy to push, Nice and smooth ride
1	Affordable, leisurely to push, Nice and smooth ride
1	Small, easy to use, convenient, good quality.
1	Small, easy to use, convenient, soundly quality.
0	No blue tooth, no zoom in or flash function on camera.
0	No blue tooth, no zoom in or flare subroutine on camera.
0	Can not be used on any windows program but windows 98. 
0	buttocks not be employ on any windows program but windows 98. 
1	Cheap price and good quality.
1	Cheap price and unspoilt quality.
1	small size and portability
1	diminished size and portability
1	great small size
1	swell small size
1	Immediate gratification, Powerful zoom, floppy storage.
1	Immediate gratification, mighty zoom, floppy storage.
0	Shutter lag, controls/menus, flash, ridiculous battery charger, no optical zoom.
0	Shutter jail, controls/menus, gaudy, ridiculous battery charger, no optical zoom.
1	Hundreds of dollars cheaper than comparable digital cameras, 3.34 MP resolution, lots of manual options
1	Hundreds of buck punk than comparable digital cameras, 3.34 MP resolution, lashings of manual options
0	Vibrating ring requires special battery
0	Vibrating surround requires special battery
1	nice ergonomics, convenient
1	nice ergonomics, commodious
1	good options, small, great battery life
1	serious options, small, great battery life
1	Great Quality. Small Design. Small Price Tag.
1	Great Quality. Small Design. Small Price label.
1	Excellent optics, TONS of features for any skill level, very attractive
1	Excellent optics, TONS of features for any acquirement tier, very attractive
1	Excellent picture quality, easy to use, both optical and LCD viewfinders
1	Excellent picture quality, easy to purpose, both visual and LCD viewfinders
1	Easy to use, durable, great picture quality, few outside costs
1	Easy to purpose, durable, great word-painting quality, few outside costs
0	no external flash hook up
0	no external flash fleece up
1	nice display, feels great in hand, intuitive buttons
1	nice display, feels majuscule in hand, intuitive buttons
0	The ink cartridge is expensive.
0	The ink pickup is expensive.
1	Better reception than the Audiovox cdm-8900,
1	better reception than the Audiovox cdm-8900,
1	11 x 17 print format
1	11 x 17 print formatting
1	Ease of use, great features, voice clarity excellent
1	Ease of function, great features, voice clarity excellent
1	simple to use, excellent pictures, uses standard size discs
1	simple to use, excellent depict, uses standard size discs
0	mac compatiblity is in MAJOR quesion
0	mac compatiblity is in Major quesion
0	Too many menus, Button to view last shot taken
0	Too many menus, Button to view death shot taken
0	Camera is physical large compared to other digital camera
0	Camera is physical magnanimous compared to other digital camera
0	read above
0	study above
0	High ink costs, Slow startup, Re-calibrates too often
0	High ink costs, obtuse startup, Re-calibrates too often
1	Professional quality photos &amp; many, features in a compact camera.
1	Professional calibre photos &amp; many, features in a heavyset camera.
1	Memory Card Slot, 4x6 Photo Paper Tray, Thumbnail Printout (directly from memory card), Durability
1	retentiveness Card Slot, 4x6 Photo Paper Tray, Thumbnail Printout (directly from memory tease), Durability
1	zoom
1	soar
1	Good software bundle and rebates.  Easy to setup.  Very very cheap.
1	full software bundle and rebates.  Easy to setup.  Very very flash.
1	easy to use, rugged, good picture quality
1	easy to practice, rugged, good picture quality
0	Can't hear rings in loud places ;No vibrating battery; a little expensive
0	Can't hear rings in loud places ;No vacillate battery; a piddling expensive
1	quality=high, price=low
1	quality=high, price=depleted
1	Ease of use, gootd picture quality
1	Ease of habituate, gootd picture quality
0	Resolution only 2.1mp, Expensive for 2.1mp camera, only 8mb card
0	resolution only deuce.1mp, Expensive for 2.1mp camera, only 8mb card
0	None that I have found other than a thick user's guide
0	None that I have retrieve other than a thick user's scout
0	Chews batteries which are high dollar,poor picture quality,no flash control 
0	manducate batteries which are high dollar,poor picture quality,no flash master 
1	seat cover is removable,dark colors,basket underneath,
1	seat screening is removable,dark colors,basket underneath,
1	Great Value. Very Reliable, Easy to Use and Excellent Picture Quality.
1	Great Value. Very Reliable, Easy to manipulation and Excellent fancy Quality.
1	Looks pretty, has extra functions
1	Looks pretty, has additional functions
0	large, expensive for individuals
0	bombastic, expensive for individuals
0	Not much memory, not really pretty and small
0	Not much store, not really pretty and small
1	Cheap
1	tacky
0	Expensive print cartridges
0	Expensive print pickup
1	Good battery life
1	safe battery life
0	can't think of any.
0	can't conceive of any.
1	Made by Motorola.
1	puddle by Motorola.
0	Weird interface, software crash, ear bug sux, no web??? IR port not working...
0	Weird interface, software crash, ear pester sux, no web??? IR port not play...
0	User manual,software kind of plain.
0	User manual,software kind of complain.
0	Large display is EASILY BREAKABLE! Tiny phone side display
0	Large showing is EASILY BREAKABLE! Tiny phone side display
0	A little bulky and $$$$.
0	A piffling bulky and $$$$.
0	a little difficult to see letters on keys, that's it! big problem ehh?
0	a little difficult to escort letters on keys, that's it! swelled problem ehh?
1	Low, low price, easy setup
1	Low, low price, tardily setup
1	Beautiful design quality.
1	Beautiful excogitation quality.
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Easy to learn how to use, large screen for easy viewing
1	well-to-do to learn how to use, large filmdom for easy viewing
0	Ink hog, occasional problem with ink clog, expensive cartridges
0	Ink hog, occasional problem with ink constipate, expensive cartridges
1	Quiet, Fast, Reliable, Cheap, and most important, Unsurpassed Print Quality
1	Quiet, quick, Reliable, Cheap, and most important, Unsurpassed Print caliber
1	Easy to use, Easy to Learn, Quality Photos
1	Easy to use, Easy to Learn, caliber Photos
1	Small, cute faceplate and luminiscent backlight. Volume adjusts during calls.
1	minuscule, cute faceplate and luminiscent backlight. Volume adjusts during outcry.
1	none
1	none
1	Built in memory, nice case, decent size view LCD screen.
1	construct in memory, nice case, decent size view LCD concealment.
1	Both seats recline, easy to use
1	Both seats recline, comfortable to use
1	Small, convenient clarity
1	little, convenient clarity
1	weighs 3.5 ounces, lightweight, easy to use keys, equipped with AOL instant messaging
1	weighs 3.5 ounces, lightweight, easy to utilise keys, equipped with AOL crying messaging
0	Goes through ink quickly
0	die through ink quickly
1	Very good image quality for the money (we received a $100 rebate)
1	Very full image lineament for the money (we received a $100 rebate)
0	Cost&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Cost&AMP;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#XIII;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Quality, Versatility Fun Factor
1	Quality, Versatility merriment Factor
0	old
0	older
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big shield
0	The battery doesnt last that long
0	The battery doesnt last that recollective
1	easy to use, takes great pictures
1	easy to use, require great pictures
1	Near photo perfect print quality
1	approach photo perfect print quality
1	Customer Support
1	Customer bear
1	Cheap, Easy 
1	Cheap, wanton 
1	Small, lightweight, easy to read color display, decent battery life, easy to operate
1	Small, lightweight, easy to translate color display, decent battery aliveness, easy to operate
1	Compact Size, Metal Body. 3X Optical Zoom, CF Memory.
1	Compact Size, Metal Body. 3X Optical Zoom, CF retentivity.
0	No negative factors to report.
0	No negative factor to report.
0	A bit heavy, buttons somewhat stiff to use
0	A bit big, buttons somewhat stiff to use
0	Cost of cartridges, could be quieter......
0	cost of cartridges, could be quieter......
1	4 megapixel, small size, good quality construction, ease of use, battery.
1	4 megapixel, small size, good quality construction, relief of consumption, battery.
1	price
1	cost
1	Inexpensive
1	cheap
0	some what heavy.
0	some what profound.
1	Small, light, easy to use
1	Small, illumine, easy to use
1	Many different setting choices, can delete what you do not like off the disk, get to preview pictures.
1	Many different pose choices, can delete what you do not like off the disk, let to preview exposure.
1	compact, easy to use
1	compact, slowly to use
1	large photos, great quality
1	large photos, large quality
0	poor software support for mac
0	poor software sustain for mac
1	Compact, Price and Options
1	pack, Price and Options
1	Light, small, great sound quality
1	lite, small, great sound quality
0	Gobbles up batteries like nothing you ever saw, but what digital doesn't? 
0	Gobbles up batteries ilk nothing you ever experience, but what digital doesn't? 
0	none
0	none
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their advantageously, drops yell.
1	Great speakerphone, voice recognition, display, reception
1	Great speakerphone, representative recognition, display, reception
1	Low price, Very high quality pictures, Easy to use
1	Low price, Very high timber pictures, Easy to use
1	Good Simple Basic Phone
1	Good dim-witted Basic Phone
1	short, attractive compact and cheap
1	short, attractive compact and tacky
1	Looks cool.
1	looking cool.
0	lag time between pressing the shutter and getting the picture taken, weak flash
0	meantime time between pressing the shutter and getting the picture taken, weak heartbeat
1	Clarity is excellent and it holds up to heavy use.
1	Clarity is excellent and it clench up to cloggy use.
1	Small, long battery life, lots of features.
1	Small, long bombardment life, lots of features.
1	Battery life, Picture quality
1	Battery animation, Picture quality
1	the sound
1	the legal
0	Slower than some, no USB support, 3 colors in one cartridge
0	Slower than some, no USB reinforcement, tierce colors in one cartridge
0	battery life is not long enough
0	battery life is not foresightful enough
1	Great reception, small, well made. Good internet options.
1	Great reception, small, well cause. Good internet options.
1	color screen, address book, perfect size,, crisp display, easy to use, flip styling
1	color screen, address book, perfect size,, crisp display, leisurely to manipulation, flip styling
0	Bad reception, volume too low
0	Bad reception, volume too broken
1	Cute and light.
1	Cute and twinkle.
0	everything else about it
0	everything else about it
0	Connection cable must be bought seperate
0	connectedness cable must be bought seperate
0	Too small?
0	Too pocket-size?
0	Cost, locked features
0	Cost, lock features
1	Color screen, camera option, recurring alarm
1	discolor screen, camera option, recurring alarm
1	Cool looking
1	sang-froid looking
1	Save a couple dollars (at best)
1	Save a couple dollars (at near)
0	Cannot connect to devices. Options on phone limited due to type of service.
0	Cannot connect to devices. selection on phone restrain due to type of service.
1	Attractive Space Saving Design
1	Attractive Space write Design
1	great printer, quality
1	outstanding printer, quality
1	Simple to use, records images on floppies.
1	Simple to exercise, records images on floppies.
0	cost
0	be
1	It's a colour phone,comes with fun games, and is easy to use
1	It's a colour phone,comes with fun biz, and is well-situated to use
1	Excellant Detail, Easy to use and hook up
1	Excellant Detail, well-to-do to use and hook up
1	Great quality, easy to use!
1	Great quality, easy to manipulation!
1	Loaded with useful features; easy to adjust exposure; expandability; helpful display
1	wealthy with useful features; well-situated to adjust exposure; expandability; helpful display
1	2-way radio
1	2-way tuner
0	not very stylish to loud
0	not very stylish to gaudy
1	Nice zoom, records decent quality video with sound, compact size, good price.
1	Nice zoom, records becoming quality video with effectual, compact size, good price.
1	great quality, fast, quiet, inexpensive
1	great quality, fast, tranquility, inexpensive
1	Very durable. Clearly lit screen and lots of features.
1	Very durable. Clearly lit screen and muckle of features.
0	poor quality photos, minimum pictures
0	poor tone photos, minimum pictures
1	Good picture quality, connects well to PC's
1	Good see quality, connects well to PC's
0	Little on the loud side and shakes a little more than the printer I replaced.
0	Little on the aloud side and shakes a little more than the printer iodin replace.
0	Picture quality, no fill flash setting
0	Picture quality, no fill flash mark
0	Too big, heavy and hard to manuver
0	Too big, heavy and severely to manuver
0	A left-handed person and this phone are not compatibile.
0	a left-handed person and this phone are not compatibile.
1	Great result in a small pretty package
1	Great resultant in a small pretty package
1	Easy to use, quick to fold, great infant seat, seems sturdy
1	Easy to purpose, quick to fold, great infant tooshie, seems sturdy
0	Take the damn picture already!!!
0	Take the damn impression already!!!
1	Ease of use, light weight, small, internet capable.
1	Ease of use, light weight, diminished, internet capable.
1	Small.
1	little.
1	Nice camera, good packaging, small
1	Nice camera, dependable packaging, small
0	Fairly noisy
0	jolly noisy
0	Black is more of a really, really dark gray. Large footprint.
0	disgraceful is more of a really, really dreary gray. Large footprint.
1	Easy to use, floppies make for easy transfer, takes abuse well
1	Easy to use, floppies make for prosperous transfer, strike abuse well
1	Lightweight, 2Mpixel, rotating head
1	Lightweight, 2Mpixel, rotating question
1	Nice features and good included goodies for the price.
1	Nice features and full included goodies for the price.
1	Easy to read screen, can change face plates
1	prosperous to read screen, can change face plates
0	prints slowly
0	prints lento
0	Not very sophisticated
0	Not very twist
0	a little pricey, but worth it
0	a minuscule pricey, but worth it
0	Price, Battery Life, Quirky charger plug, The Dreaded White Screen of Death (read further)
0	Price, Battery Life, Quirky charger plug, The dire White concealment of Death (read further)
1	really light, covers all three GSM Modes eGSM 900/1800/1900,MMS,Blue Tooth Capable,polyphonic ring signals
1	really light, brood all terzetto GSM Modes eGSM 900/1800/1900,MMS,Blue Tooth Capable,polyphonic gang signals
1	Great zoom,  perfect for web or email,good battery life, worth the $$
1	cracking zoom,  perfect for web or email,unspoilt battery life, worth the $$
1	Very nice Pictures
1	Very dainty Pictures
1	All-in-One Design, Ease of use, Lots of Extra's.
1	All-in-One Design, Ease of exercise, Lots of Extra's.
1	Size and easy of use
1	Size and easygoing of use
1	Excellent images, complete exposure control, feels good to use.
1	Excellent images, complete exposure control, feel good to use.
1	great quality printing
1	enceinte quality printing
1	Very good picture quality
1	Very good visualise quality
1	nice selection of ringtones, speakerphone!, hold feature
1	nice selection of ringtones, speakerphone!, defy feature
1	Price, new technology, great prints&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Price, new technology, bully prints&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	a attractive solid easy to use compact fully spec'd out phone
1	a attractive self-colored easy to use compact fully spec'd out ring
0	Price
0	cost
1	very THIN, decent standby time, replaces my pager
1	very fragile, decent standby time, replaces my pager
0	menu layout, screen brightness, ringer volume, some echo
0	menu layout, screen brightness, toller volume, some echo
0	cant think of any
0	bank think of any
1	340 mb microdrive for extra storage
1	340 mb microdrive for surplus storage
0	paper handling - my one year old handles paper better
0	paper handling - my one year old handles paper adept
0	The Z42 is only slightly more expensive.
0	The Z42 is only slenderly more expensive.
0	The shutter lag is too long.  LCD display is misleading.
0	The shutter incarcerate is too long.  LCD display is deceptive.
0	get it now!
0	pose it now!
0	Got brushed off and played phone tag with many people @ Fujifilm usa
0	sustain brushed off and played phone label with many people @ Fujifilm usa
0	antenna is easy to hit
0	antenna is well-off to hit
1	Colourful, Compact Phone.
1	Colourful, succinct Phone.
1	Great image quality, swivel lens, optical zoom
1	swell image quality, swivel lens, optical zoom
0	None
0	none
0	Not alot of ringtones, Menu is confusing at first.
0	Not alot of ringtones, Menu is throw at first.
1	Looks pretty (like a lemon).
1	feeling pretty (like a lemon).
1	Remarkable photo print quality.
1	Remarkable photo print select.
0	slow interface, clarity only decent, so-so reception, WAP's useless, slow text input
0	slow interface, clarity only decent, so-so reception, WAP's useless, behind text stimulation
1	beautiful; small & light-weight; backlighting; three alarms settable; rings (if you're into them)
1	beautiful; minor & light-weight; backlighting; terzetto alarms settable; rings (if you're into them)
0	Can be an ink hog at times
0	fundament be an ink hog at times
0	no support from sony
0	no backup from sony
0	Maybe they could've included one free video game at least?
0	perhaps they could've included one rid video game at least?
0	Zoom needs some work
0	Zoom needs some exploit
1	Picture quality. Extra functions allowing user created shots not just point and click.
1	characterization quality. Extra role allowing user created shots not just point and click.
1	Features, Functions, Clarity, Durability
1	Features, Functions, Clarity, lastingness
0	2X OPTICAL, BATTERY LIFE
0	2X ocular, BATTERY LIFE
1	Instant results, great pictures, clear pictures, easy to operate, 
1	Instant results, great pictures, clear pictures, slowly to operate, 
0	Doesn't come with a desktop charger. Display doesn't show minutes used while talking.
0	Doesn't come with a desktop charger. Display doesn't show moment used while mouth.
1	reasonable price
1	sane price
0	Lacks Good Security, All Features NOT Avaliable everywhere, Screen Hard To See In Sunlight
0	Lacks Good Security, completely Features NOT Avaliable everywhere, Screen Hard To consider In Sunlight
1	Alarm, calendar, voice-dial, light-weight, color changing front, and front display caller ID.
1	Alarm, calendar, voice-dial, light-weight, color shift look, and front display caller ID.
1	rugged, great pictures, easy to use
1	rugged, cracking pictures, easy to use
1	Small Size, Good pictures, Picture Capacity, Sleek Look, Good software
1	Small Size, dependable fancy, Picture Capacity, Sleek Look, Good software
1	Good size and feel, nice features for price, quality images.
1	Good sizing and feel, nice features for price, timbre images.
1	Speakerphone, VibraCall, DirectConnect
1	speakerphone, VibraCall, DirectConnect
1	easy to use, great quality photos, reasonably priced
1	easy to use, great timber photos, reasonably priced
0	a little slow print speed
0	a piddling slow print speed
1	None that I can think of
1	None that I can imagine of
0	Battery life, styling, 5-way select button that is difficult to push straight down
0	Battery lifespan, styling, 5-way select button that is difficult to push consecutive down
0	Small, too close together buttons on keypad.  Slippery plastic finish, hold on tight.
0	Small, too closely together buttons on keypad.  Slippery plastic finish, adjudge on tight.
1	High Resolution, self-timer, video input, great size and style.
1	High Resolution, self-timer, video input, great size and elan.
1	TDMA+GSM, Long Battery Life, Very Clear, Doubles as a PDA
1	TDMA+GSM, retentive Battery Life, Very clean-cut, Doubles as a PDA
0	No color screen, not as many "cool" features as a GSM phone.
0	No coloration covert, not as many "cool" features as a GSM phone.
1	fairly inexpensive, zoom lens, auto lens cover
1	fairly cheap, zoom lens, auto lens cover
1	Reduce carrying 2 items down to 1; feature-rich
1	Reduce stockpile 2 items down to 1; feature-rich
0	battery, focusing
0	battery, focalize
1	None
1	none
1	Light, compact, feature rich, good battery life and intuitive design.
1	lightsome, compact, feature rich, good battery life and intuitive figure.
0	a little noisy
0	a lilliputian noisy
0	only five pictures per floppy disk
0	only Phoebe pictures per floppy disk
0	Only scans flat sheets, not books
0	Only scans plane sheets, not books
0	On Off button, irritating tones
0	On murder button, irritating tones
1	Price, Quality, Storage capacity
1	terms, Quality, Storage capacity
0	does not include a basket
0	does not include a handbasket
0	USB 1.1 instead of USB 2, default shutter speed is slow without the flash.
0	USB 1.i instead of USB 2, default shutter race is slow without the twinkle.
0	Battery "Pig", and too many involved steps to the finished product.
0	Battery "guttle", and too many affect steps to the finished product.
0	None
0	none
1	Decent quality printing, low cost of printer, free glossy/photo paper.
1	decently quality printing, downhearted cost of printer, free glossy/photo paper.
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I observe in the review.
0	Energy hog; pricey, with extremely limited memory
0	DOE hog; pricey, with extremely limited memory
1	Great Quality &amp;amp; Awesome Price
1	Great lineament &amp;amp; Awesome Price
0	&amp;#13;&amp;#10;IBM Microdrive not supported, some stripes on LCD screen
0	&amp;#13;&amp;#10;IBM Microdrive not patronise, some disinvest on LCD screen
0	a little costly
0	a little pricey
1	Excellent Quality, Space Saving Features, Great Speed
1	Excellent Quality, Space Saving Features, nifty Speed
0	Small battery, red-eye
0	belittled battery, red-eye
0	Low Resolution - Twain Driver Sucks for slower Computers
0	crushed Resolution - Twain Driver Sucks for slower Computers
0	Slow Speed, Bad Print Quality, Bad Resolution and BAD EVERYTHING!!!
0	Slow race, Bad Print Quality, defective Resolution and BAD EVERYTHING!!!
1	Great printer for a great price
1	Great printer for a slap-up price
1	Easy to operate, beautiful photos and editing bonus.
1	loose to operate, beautiful photos and editing bonus.
1	Outstanding bang for the buck, cheap, quick and great output.
1	Outstanding bang for the buck, sleazy, quickly and great output.
1	Storage Medium
1	Storage intermediate
1	Polaroid PDC640 is a great first digital camera.
1	Polaroid PDC640 is a big first digital camera.
0	Ink-based Printing Smears, Requires Head Cleaning if Negelected
0	Ink-based Printing Smears, Requires direct Cleaning if Negelected
0	None yet
0	None notwithstanding
1	See list of 10
1	view list of 10
0	Choppy LCD display, lack of extended features.
0	Choppy LCD display, deficiency of extended features.
1	Quiet, reasonably priced, quick, excellent prints
1	Quiet, reasonably price, quick, excellent prints
1	Compact , fits in a pocket , durable , easy to use
1	Compact , fits in a pocket , durable , sluttish to use
1	Price, image quality, movie function, no driver installation needed
1	Price, image select, movie function, no driver installation needed
1	Tri-band allows you use your phone in majority of the foreign countries.
1	Tri-band allows you function your phone in bulk of the foreign countries.
1	A no-nonsense, easy to use, inexpensive laser printer.
1	A no-nonsense, light to use, inexpensive laser printer.
1	great photo quality, lcd viewfinder, movie/sound recording, easy to use
1	capital photo quality, lcd viewfinder, movie/sound immortalise, easy to use
1	uses SmartMedia, USB removable storage mode, RCA out
1	uses SmartMedia, USB removable storage manner, RCA out
1	Docking Station, Video with Sound, USB, Can add lenses, Easy to use buttons
1	Docking Station, Video with Sound, USB, Can add lenses, Easy to consumption release
1	every aspect about it
1	every scene about it
1	Small and light weight.
1	Small and calorie-free weight.
1	Perfect for "growing" families
1	thoroughgoing for "growing" families
0	Not the most stylish phone at the table, voice dialing a bit of a pain.
0	Not the most stylish telephone at the tabularise, voice dialing a bit of a botheration.
0	Ink cartridge prices are nearly prohibitive!!
0	Ink cartridge prices are virtually prohibitive!!
1	Good, quality pictures.  Easily download pictures to print or email.
1	Good, quality pictures.  Easily download show to publish or email.
0	Slow printing, especially graphics and pictures, and paper sometimes sticks together.
0	Slow printing, especially artwork and characterization, and paper sometimes sticks together.
0	now seems old technology
0	now appear old technology
0	Slower than 2200 series printers
0	obtuse than 2200 series printers
1	A LOT
1	A pile
0	Slow Processor (booting phone), VGA Camera, No memory expansion, MIC could be louder.
0	ho-hum Processor (booting phone), VGA Camera, No retentiveness expansion, MIC could be louder.
0	overpowering flash, LCD screen during outdoor sessions
0	overpowering ostentate, LCD screen during outdoor sessions
0	Pricey, Phone gets warm quick, Buttons are very small, Defective Display
0	Pricey, Phone acquire warm quick, Buttons are very minuscule, Defective Display
0	No U.S.B. cable; Flimsy front lens cover
0	No U.S.B. cable; Flimsy movement lens cover
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, swelled screen
1	fast, reliable, high quality
1	fast, reliable, luxuriously quality
1	Color Screen, Cool Design.
1	Color sort, Cool Design.
1	Small, Vibrates, multiple ringtones
1	belittled, Vibrates, multiple ringtones
1	fairly quiet, good quality text, decent quality pictures
1	fairly placid, good quality text, decent quality pictures
1	Excellent Quality for a LaserJet, Small footprint for the home office
1	Excellent Quality for a LaserJet, belittled footprint for the home post
0	Short battery life.
0	curtly battery life.
0	none!
0	none!
0	Not as compact as a flip phone.
0	Not as compact as a somerset phone.
1	Can print pretty good pictures
1	privy print pretty good pictures
0	A bit bulky, Lens cap has no logical place to go, camera strap, no camera bag
0	ampere bit bulky, Lens cap has no logical place to function, camera flog, no camera bag
0	Battery Consumption
0	Battery intake
0	Can't Think Of Any
0	Can't cerebrate Of Any
0	One word- Batteries.
0	unmatchable word- Batteries.
0	Didn't last me two years.
0	Didn't finis me two years.
0	lcd/viewfinder is dim in low lighting
0	lcd/viewfinder is dim in gloomy lighting
1	Uses a common cartridge, good functionality
1	Uses a common cartridge, practiced functionality
1	Great image quality. Fast lense. Classy look. Burst mode.
1	Great image prime. Fast lense. Classy look. Burst mode.
0	Eats batteries. No zoom
0	Eats barrage. No zoom
1	Best Photo Quality In A Printer I've Seen Yet!
1	salutary Photo Quality In A Printer I've Seen Yet!
0	Slightly slow on high quality pictures.
0	Slightly slowly on high quality pictures.
1	easy to install, great print quality
1	sluttish to install, great print quality
1	That you can return it!!
1	That you can reappearance it!!
0	Rechargeable battery is not included.
0	rechargeable battery is not included.
1	Lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good value&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra fun
1	Lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#10;right value&A;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra fun
0	Flashier and slightly bigger, but not clearly superior to the 8260
0	tatty and slightly great, but not clearly superior to the 8260
0	expensive, no "view" from back seat, hard to handle on curbs
0	expensive, no "view" from back seat, concentrated to handle on contain
1	size, picture quality, interface with PC, great software
1	size, picture quality, interface with PC, capital software
0	"Memory Stick" - However, SanDisk and Hewlett-Packard show some respect for this technology! (See Note)
0	"Memory Stick" - However, SanDisk and Hewlett-Packard show some respect for this engineering! (figure Note)
0	uses lot of batteries
0	expend lot of batteries
1	Great having a phone and Plam in one; great battery life!
1	bully having a phone and Plam in one; great battery lifetime!
1	Good print quality for text, decent picture print for a sub-$100 printer
1	honorable print prize for text, decent picture print for a sub-$100 printer
0	may be difficult to figure out
0	may be difficult to trope out
1	The phone has worked super and is relatively easy to use!
1	The phone has knead exceedingly and is relatively easy to use!
0	Not easy to operate, eats batteries
0	Not well-off to operate, eats batteries
1	Web Enabled
1	entanglement Enabled
0	Not all the features of the Z52.
0	Not all the lineament of the Z52.
1	great life for the starter cartridges..how about the full ones?? Just getting ready to find out!
1	great life for the starter cartridges..how about the full ones?? barely mother set to find out!
0	SLOW and mine may have defective print heads
0	SLOW and mine may have defective print question
1	Very fast text printing, Good quality pictures, , 2-sided printing, , Automatic Paper Type Sensor
1	really fast text printing, Good quality pictures, , 2-sided printing, , robotic Paper Type Sensor
1	Easy to use, Great detail &amp;amp; color, Vibrant!
1	Easy to employ, Great detail &amp;amp; color, Vibrant!
0	Infant seat attachment makes stroller bulky!
0	Infant seat attachment build stroller bulky!
1	Excellent quality print, very good accompanying software,  ease of use
1	Excellent quality print, very good companion software,  ease of expend
1	ease of use, inexpensive storage, good pictures.
1	ease of use, inexpensive repositing, good pictures.
0	Temperamental, bad paperfeeding problem.
0	Temperamental, bad paperfeeding job.
1	Excellent graphics including monochrome and color.
1	Excellent graphics including monochrome and discolour.
1	Lightweight,Easy to use,Great images
1	Lightweight,Easy to use,outstanding images
0	Unreliable USB interface.
0	Unreliable USB port.
0	'Slow' lens, camera cannot be mounted as a removeable drive on PC's
0	'Slow' lens, camera cannot be ride as a removeable tug on PC's
0	no vibrate, Short battery life.
0	no vibrate, curt battery life.
0	8mb,zoom browser, support
0	8mb,zoom browser, digest
0	Dropped calls, Screen size small for Internet
0	drip calls, Screen size small for Internet
1	Low Cost, Attractive Design, Easy of Setup, Easy of use
1	Low be, Attractive Design, sluttish of Setup, Easy of use
1	Good image quality, quality construction.
1	Good image quality, calibre construction.
0	Small flash card (4MB) included, Slow serial data transfer
0	Small flash card (4MB) included, Slow serial data transportation
1	lightweight and very reliable
1	lightweight and very true
1	So Many Features, Even more Features, Clarity, Price, Speaker phone, etc...
1	So Many Features, Even more Features, limpidity, Price, Speaker telephone, etc...
1	Hardware
1	ironware
0	Flaky reception, frequent phone and sim card freeze-ups, feedback when using headset.
0	gonzo reception, frequent call and sim card freeze-ups, feedback when using headset.
1	Tiny, fits in pocket wonderfully. Very good pictures, battery life
1	Tiny, check in pocket wonderfully. Very good movie, battery life
1	Great pictures, MPEG-1 recording, Easy Connecting to Computer
1	Great word-painting, MPEG-1 recording, Easy Connecting to Computer
0	Attaching a hands-free or camera, button ergonomics.
0	Attaching a hands-free or camera, clitoris ergonomics.
0	non-intuitive menus and HORRIBLE ANTENNA
0	non-intuitive menus and HORRIBLE antenna
0	Expensive Ink cartridges.
0	Expensive Ink cartridge.
0	Slow, noisy
0	ho-hum, noisy
0	Slow to download
0	tardily to download
1	Super cheap, and it functions.  Great for kids.
1	Super cheap, and it serve.  Great for kids.
0	weight
0	burden
1	Quality printing affordable price.  supplies easily obtained and replaced
1	prime printing affordable price.  supplies easily obtained and replaced
1	Internet surfing ability and people think you are Captain Kirk
1	Internet surfing power and masses think you are Captain Kirk
0	Lots of assembly, hard to navigate takes up half the trunk
0	scads of assembly, hard to navigate takes up one-half the trunk
0	No optical zoom
0	No optical soar
0	Red eye, must have red eye on or you'll be sorry 
0	carmine eye, must have red eye on or you'll be disconsolate 
0	Menu gets confusing, battery
0	Menu amaze confusing, battery
1	great output; good color, fast and reasonable price
1	swell output; good color, fast and reasonable price
1	Ease of use, special features
1	simpleness of use, special features
1	Cheap.
1	gaudy.
1	External Caller ID, Voice Dialing, Manner Mode
1	External Caller ID, vox Dialing, Manner Mode
1	Easy to use, loaded with features, small and portable, battery life
1	easily to use, loaded with have, small and portable, battery life
0	bulky and expensive
0	bulky and expensive
1	Has Camera, Text Messaging, Digital & Analog Band capable, Voice Memo Recording.
1	cause Camera, Text Messaging, Digital & Analog set capable, Voice Memo Recording.
0	None.....
0	none.....
1	Picture quality, speed of shooting, swivel head, best shot selector, dynamic ISO ranges, great macro ability
1	Picture quality, velocity of shooting, swivel head, comfortably pullulate selector, dynamic ISO ranges, great macro ability
1	Motion shots.  Auto focus.  Small. The view finder is cool.  Easy to work with.
1	Motion shots.  Auto center.  Small. The view finder is cool.  easy to work with.
1	Excellent photo copies
1	Excellent photo copy
1	does work w/ WIN XP
1	does knead w/ WIN XP
0	Somewhat Difficult To Open With One Hand
0	Somewhat Difficult To Open With unity Hand
0	Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
0	Too bad you can't use 40GB winkle for MP3.
0	Somewhat slow on graphics and color.
0	Somewhat slow on graphics and distort.
0	Poor battery life,Poor sound quality,constant buzzing in the background
0	Poor battery life,Poor sound select,unremitting buzzing in the background
0	Poor sound quality,cheap,not all of features
0	Poor sound quality,chinchy,not all of features
1	Good camera....
1	beneficial camera....
0	See above
0	catch above
0	horrible speaker phone quality.
0	horrible speaker phone caliber.
1	Good connectivity and sound, good keypad.  A solid choice if you want a no-nonsense phone.
1	Good connectivity and good, salutary keypad.  A solid prize if you want a no-nonsense phone.
1	Quality print, separate cartridges and a decent price.
1	Quality print, severalise cartridges and a decent price.
0	none
0	none
0	original ink costs and usage
0	original ink costs and exercise
0	Camera detail isn't great
0	Camera detail isn't keen
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, compact
1	Inexpensive, wanton to use, compact
1	Simple phone to use. Doesn't need the bells & whistles like others.
1	Simple phone to function. Doesn't indigence the bells & whistles like others.
1	Price, Print Speed, Size, Look, Sound
1	cost, Print Speed, Size, Look, Sound
0	bad printing image, slow shutter
0	bad printing image, irksome shutter
0	Certain options may seem limited to some.
0	Certain options may seem special to some.
0	Paper storeage must be refilled frequently when doing big jobs
0	Paper storeage must be replenish frequently when doing prominent jobs
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to employment
1	&lt;b&gt;Probably the most versatile and near perfect camera for the non-professional.&lt;/b&gt;
1	&lt;B&gt;believably the most versatile and cheeseparing perfect camera for the non-professional.&lt;/b&gt;
1	Lens, lens. and lens
1	Lens, lense. and lens
1	Compact flip-phone with nice color screen and good digital call quality.
1	Compact flip-phone with nice tinge screen and proficient digital call quality.
1	Picture Quality,Makes great enlarged photos, comes equipped with rechargeable batteries and charger.
1	Picture prime,Makes great elaborate photos, comes equipped with rechargeable batteries and charger.
0	Not fully Mac compatible, needs a bigger Smart media card
0	Not fully Mac compatible, needs a bragging saucy media card
0	Noise, paper support
0	Noise, paper patronise
0	Comes with a too small memory stick.
0	Comes with a too small memory adhere.
1	Great Quality can print up to 16.5 by 21.5
1	corking character can print up to 16.5 by 21.5
0	Small size, mediocre speakerphone, no Bluetooth, videoclips, camera-flash, MP3 player, etc.
0	small size, middling speakerphone, no Bluetooth, videoclips, camera-flash, MP3 player, etc.
0	The Phone is Small and has a Short Battery Life.
0	The telephone is Small and has a shortsighted Battery Life.
0	Auto white balance is off much of the time when shooting indoors.  Lame software program.
0	Auto white equilibrium is off much of the metre when flash indoors.  Lame software program.
0	Earpeice volume a wee bit low, shortish talk time
0	Earpeice volume a make bit low, shortish talk time
1	3x optical, 2.5 digital zoom, many manual adjustments in addition to auto, compact size, ease of operation
1	3x optical, 2.5 digital zoom, many manual adjustments in addition to automobile, wad size, ease of process
1	Eye-popping images that can stop a conversation dead in it's tracks!
1	Eye-popping images that can terminate a conversation dead in it's track!
1	supporting FAT32 for CF, Good coloring, fast, 2nd-curtain flash, fast lens, long battery life
1	supporting FAT32 for CF, good coloring, fast, 2nd-curtain flash, fast lens, long battery lifetime
1	excellent print quality
1	excellent print timbre
1	Easy setup,  easy to use,  easy to appreciate.
1	Easy setup,  promiscuous to use,  easy to appreciate.
0	None if it didn't break.
0	none if it didn't break.
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	Big screen for a cell, safe battery life, clear display, expandable storage, bluetooth.
1	inexpensive good features
1	inexpensive goodness features
1	A great "have-it-with-you-all-the-time" camera!
1	A peachy "have-it-with-you-all-the-time" camera!
1	great price, good printing quality
1	great price, good publish quality
0	Body Shape, Battery door is a little weak, Regular memory sticks don't work
0	Body Shape, Battery threshold is a little unaccented, Regular memory sticks don't work
1	Great resolution, decent zoom
1	Great resolution, right zoom
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
0	lustreless mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
1	Awesome 10x zoom, image stabilizer, 2.1Mega Pixels, good flash, quicktime movies.
1	Awesome 10x zoom, image stabilizer, 2.1Mega Pixels, good trice, quicktime flick.
1	Great phone with solid features.  Plays actual mp3 files (not just wma).  Stylish.
1	keen phone with unanimous features.  Plays actual mp3 files (not just wma).  Stylish.
1	Cheap, but not lacking in quality.
1	Cheap, but not wanting in quality.
1	Good features for the money.
1	honorable features for the money.
0	hoods keep falling off.
0	hoods keep accrue off.
0	Camera could be better
0	Camera could be unspoiled
1	3x zoom,super clarity,1.6 inch lcd and the increadible 2.1 megapixels and the list continues on.....
1	3x surge,super clarity,one.6 inch lcd and the increadible 2.ace megapixels and the list continues on.....
0	warm-up time too long and noisy.
0	warm-up time too hanker and noisy.
0	Terrible sound quality.  Had problem with 1GB memory card.
0	Terrible voice quality.  Had problem with 1GB memory card.
0	None yet.
0	None nevertheless.
0	There isn't any
0	there isn't any
0	Flimsy antenna (maybe)
0	Flimsy antenna (perhaps)
1	all plus pictures, ease. controls
1	all plus pictures, simplicity. controls
1	Cheap, sturdy, easy to use
1	Cheap, sturdy, well-situated to use
0	My battery dies very quickly...not enough ring tones.
0	My battery croak very quickly...not enough ring tones.
0	You can't even take all the pictures you want because the batteries are just sucked up.
0	You can't even withdraw all the project you want because the batteries are just suckle up.
0	Trouble getting some pictures, battery compartment seems flimsy
0	Trouble getting some pictures, bombardment compartment seems flimsy
1	Can be used for mac, &amp; pc.
1	arse be used for mac, &amp; pc.
0	Never works, Never works, Ok, sometimes works but frustrating
0	Never works, Never works, Ok, sometimes ferment but frustrating
1	easy to use, affordable, good quality digital pictures
1	tardily to use, affordable, good quality digital pictures
0	None
0	none
0	Can't get new ringtones/graphics without mMode, display not as vibrant as other phones
0	Can't become novel ringtones/graphics without mMode, display not as vibrant as other phones
0	Menu interface, documentation, support
0	Menu interface, documentation, substantiate
0	Short Battery Life, Expensive
0	curt Battery Life, Expensive
0	Stroller is not suited for a toddler, wheels squeak, stroller does not seem sturdy 
0	Stroller is not suited for a toddler, pedal squeak, go-cart does not seem sturdy 
1	low radiation, low cost on phone
1	low radiation, scurvy cost on phone
0	not digital
0	not digital
1	makes a good paperweight
1	produce a good paperweight
1	Compact, great pictures, value
1	Compact, great scene, value
1	Blazingly fast.
1	Blazingly dissipated.
1	Lots of features. Easy to use. Small, but powerful. 
1	Lots of features. Easy to use. small-scale, but powerful. 
0	not suitable for 2 pretoddlers
0	not suitable for deuce pretoddlers
0	Parallel port connections with scanner
0	Parallel larboard connections with scanner
1	everything
1	everything
1	Compact size, 5 megapixels,quick charger
1	compact size, 5 megapixels,quick charger
1	Ease of use, unbelievably lightweight, voice commands that work, superb reception.
1	alleviate of use, unbelievably lightweight, articulation commands that work, superb reception.
1	Easy to use, VERY clear pictures
1	Easy to use, VERY crystallize pictures
1	quality photos, quality lens, flash adjustment, nice manual
1	quality photos, quality lens, flash adjustment, Nice manual
1	Size, cost, versatility, cost savings, picture quality, comes with rechargeable batteries.
1	Size, cost, versatility, cost salve, flick quality, comes with rechargeable batteries.
0	Analog, not digital.
0	parallel, not digital.
1	Great zoom, great features
1	outstanding zoom, great features
1	Easy to use,Great pictures
1	Easy to use,Great render
0	Users manual could be a little clearer and more detailed.
0	Users manual could be a fiddling clean and more detailed.
0	slow charge, slow file handling, short battery life
0	boring charge, slow file handling, short battery life
1	Decent Reception, Size
1	seemly Reception, Size
0	flash to bright for close-up photos, photos are brighter on small view screen that in reality
0	flash to brilliantly for close-up exposure, picture are brighter on small view screen that in reality
1	BlueTooth, Size, Battery Life, Design
1	BlueTooth, Size, battery Life, Design
1	Beautiful colored screen and lots of options. Love the blue lighted keys.
1	Beautiful colored screen and distribute of options. Love the gentle lighted keys.
0	finding batteries that last!
0	bump batteries that last!
0	ink use is not always so economic
0	ink use is not perpetually so economic
0	The FREAKIN ZOOM
0	The FREAKIN zoom
1	Small, long battery, lots of features
1	Small, long battery, dozens of features
1	Get picture immeadiately, pictured are small wallet size, computer pictures are nice quality.
1	Get picture immeadiately, envision are small wallet size, computer pictures are nice choice.
0	Bulky
0	bulky
0	a bit large and noisy
0	a scrap large and noisy
1	Small, lightweight, easy to use
1	Small, lightweight, easily to use
1	many convenient features
1	many convenient boast
0	Lousy user manual, very unintuitive OS
0	Lousy user manual, very unintuitive bone
0	Not the best for adults
0	Not the upright for adults
0	Slow, no AC Adapter, size, battery life
0	dumb, no AC Adapter, size, battery life
1	excellent camera, great size, GREAT pictures!
1	excellent camera, great size, GREAT exposure!
0	Stamina battery and 64MB memory stick a must!! Starts to get expensive.
0	Stamina battery and 64MB memory beat a must!! Starts to nonplus expensive.
0	drinks ink fast, many undocumented features
0	drinks ink flying, many undocumented features
1	good quality, easy to use
1	good timbre, easy to use
0	Doesn't work with Windows 2000 Server, even though it says it works with 2000
0	Doesn't work with window 2000 Server, even though it says it function with 2000
1	easy to use, very much features, 32 digital zoom
1	easily to use, very much features, 32 digital zoom
0	slow uploading unless you have a card reader
0	slow uploading unless you have a tease reader
1	fast lens, zoom range, flexibility, ease of use, hot shoe
1	fast lens, zoom chain, flexibility, ease of consumption, hot shoe
1	Excellent sharp, clear, photo quality prints. Quiet, very easy to use..seldom jams!
1	Excellent sharp, clear, photograph quality prints. lull, very easy to use..seldom jams!
0	conflict with mustek scanners, usb doesn't seem to work like it should
0	conflict with mustek scanner, usb doesn't seem to solve like it should
0	No lens cap, no AC adapter, serial connection, bulky
0	No lens cap, no AC adapter, sequential connection, bulky
1	Rock solid, great output, features, size.
1	Rock solid, majuscule output, features, size.
1	Small and portable
1	low and portable
0	Higher priced than other cameras with same features
0	mellow priced than other cameras with same features
1	Small Size, Color Screen, Light Weight, Great Features
1	Small Size, Color Screen, abstemious Weight, Great Features
0	Hard to find in stores
0	Hard to discovery in stores
1	Size, Quality
1	Size, timbre
0	Battery life, limited data entry for PDA functions.
0	Battery life, limited data unveiling for PDA functions.
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	Looks and feels tinny, talk clip less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	None
0	none
1	1200 dpi. Paper delivery so fast you could probably use it to slice salami at 20 paces
1	1200 dpi. wallpaper delivery so fast you could probably role it to slice salami at 20 tread
1	1.3 megapixels will get you 54 pictures at 640 x 800
1	i.3 megapixels will convey you 54 pictures at 640 x 800
0	missing remote control functionality; no provided external power supply
0	missing remote ascendance functionality; no provided external power supply
0	Too many, read the review
0	Too many, read the critique
1	six times zoom, superb resolution and colour,full manual or full auto
1	six times zoom, superb solution and tinge,full manual or full auto
1	Speed Dial is useful feature.
1	accelerate Dial is useful feature.
0	Printheads easily become dirty; quickly, Consumables blindingly expensive
0	Printheads easily become muddy; quickly, Consumables blindingly expensive
0	See above
0	date above
0	none
0	none
1	Unlimited features and light as a feather.
1	Unlimited features and lightly as a feather.
1	Compact, external LCD
1	stocky, external LCD
1	neat charger, battery life, memory sticks, games, internet, keypad, camera, all other features...
1	clean charger, battery lifespan, memory sticks, games, internet, keypad, camera, all other features...
1	Fast, Quality, Inexpensive
1	Fast, Quality, cheap
0	Not so good for sports--optical zoom is too small.
0	Not so unspoiled for sports--optical zoom is too small.
0	Charger problems, automatic disconnects, scratches easily, no zoom or flash on camera
0	Charger problems, automatic disconnects, expunge easily, no zoom or meretricious on camera
1	Good camera with you at all times, great features
1	Good camera with you at all times, neat features
0	Zoom feature is minimal
0	Zoom sport is minimal
0	hate the little antenna
0	hate the picayune antenna
1	Bright backlight, good battery
1	smart backlight, good battery
1	Excellent print quality. Price. Handy bundled applets.
1	Excellent mark quality. Price. Handy bundled applets.
1	Easy to use and set up; economical; idiot-proof
1	Easy to use and limit up; economical; idiot-proof
0	It Sucks As A Phone!
0	It Sucks AS A Phone!
0	small basket, small wheels, doesn't fully recline 
0	minuscule basket, small wheels, doesn't fully recline 
1	Practical controls, Excellent output.
1	Practical ascendancy, Excellent output.
1	fair price
1	fair cost
0	JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK (is that 15 words??)
0	JUNK JUNK detritus JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK (is that 15 intelligence??)
0	I wish it had a telescopic handle and a larger basket.
0	iodine wishing it had a telescopic handle and a larger basket.
1	Lightweight, able to Direct Connect without selecting a Mode
1	Lightweight, able to Direct unite without selecting a Mode
1	Nice Looking
1	nice Looking
1	Good Bluetooth functionality, memory is upgradeable, durable, lots of features
1	Good Bluetooth functionality, memory is upgradeable, indestructible, allot of features
1	speed, convenience, efficiency, professional
1	hotfoot, convenience, efficiency, professional
0	Battery drains almost instantly
0	Battery drains well-nigh instantly
1	Print Quality, Price, and Efficiency
1	Print Quality, terms, and Efficiency
1	Ease of Setup, Overall Print Quality
1	Ease of Setup, Overall Print calibre
1	bigger screen, buttons; better battery; screensaver; Internet; more personal ringtones, profiles; uses old Nokia stuff
1	bigger screen, buttons; best battery; screensaver; Internet; more personal ringtones, profiles; USA previous Nokia stuff
0	Expensive!!!
0	expensive!!!
0	No viewfinder.  No sound for movies.  Movies are in AVI (not mpeg) format.
0	No viewfinder.  No audio for movies.  film are in AVI (not mpeg) format.
1	Pictures require no color correction, looks and feels like an SLR, easy to use
1	Pictures require no color correction, looks and feels like an SLR, soft to utilize
1	Easy to use, Great LCD screen, Beautiful Picture Quality
1	easygoing to use, Great LCD screen, Beautiful Picture Quality
0	Slow color printing, expensive toner.
0	Slow coloration printing, expensive toner.
0	No cons unless cost is a major issue
0	No mulct unless cost is a major issue
1	It takes about 20 quality pictures
1	It deal about 20 quality pictures
0	Reception?  Maybe.
0	reception?  Maybe.
0	5-hr recharge time, microphone pick-up not sensitive enough, no pouch
0	5-hr recharge time, microphone pick-up not sensitive adequate, no bulge
1	Quick power up and simple to use, easy controls.
1	Quick power up and wide-eyed to use, easy controls.
0	image storage speed (slow), autofocus speed (slow)
0	image storage speed (dumb), autofocus speed (slow)
1	LOW COST, EASY USE, GOOD QUALITY
1	LOW COST, EASY USE, ripe QUALITY
0	The Size and Fixed Lens
0	The Size and rigid Lens
0	None
0	none
0	Un-reliable, too slow, doesn't work half the time
0	Un-reliable, too dim, doesn't work half the time
1	4 separate ink cartridges means value
1	4 separate ink cartridges means appraise
1	Fast desktop color printer. Parallel and USB connectivity
1	Fast desktop colour printer. Parallel and USB connectivity
0	I have not found any yet
0	1 have not found any yet
0	Can be a little "too" small for big hands
0	Can be a little "too" small for big handwriting
1	Many features.
1	Many sport.
1	Some good package deals out there
1	Some undecomposed package deals out there
0	Included program, battery usage, too slow downloading pictures.
0	Included program, battery utilization, too slow downloading pictures.
0	only useful as a snapshot camera, expensive for someone who prefers physical to digital photographs
0	only useful as a snapshot camera, expensive for mortal who choose physical to digital pic
0	Ink cartridges are 29.00. a little slower on the ppm print spead than our epson, Ink cartridges snap in instad of drop in.
0	Ink cartridges are twenty-nine.00. a footling slower on the ppm print spead than our epson, Ink cartridges rupture in instad of dip in.
0	sticky flash door, sometimes hard to hold
0	sticky flash door, sometimes grueling to hold
0	Bulk.  Noise.  So-so Print Quality.
0	Bulk.  Noise.  so-so Print Quality.
0	ink cartridges are $30, but they are for any printer in most cases
0	ink cartridges are $30, but they are for any pressman in most font
0	Messed up shutter speed, no big memory supported, and it costs an arm and a leg for only 1.5MPs
0	Messed up shutter swiftness, no liberal memory endorse, and it costs an gird and a leg for only 1.5MPs
1	Display easy to read
1	Display gentle to read
0	Limited zoom range
0	Limited zoom rate
1	It's inexpensive, easy to use, and did I mention inexpensive!
1	It's inexpensive, well-fixed to habit, and did I mention inexpensive!
1	Low - price, good output
1	depression - price, good output
1	Ease of use, price.
1	Ease of habituate, price.
1	Excellent bottom end camera,easy to operate,good pics too.
1	Excellent bottom end camera,sluttish to operate,well pics too.
0	none at this time
0	none at this clip
0	Weak lens cover, small screen, drivers not available online.
0	Weak lens compensate, small screen, drivers not available online.
0	could be slightly complicated
0	could be slightly rarify
0	A bit on the girlie side
0	ampere bit on the girlie side
0	Mpeg without sound, skimpy 4MB Memory Stick.
0	Mpeg without sound, skimpy 4MB store Stick.
0	could use bigger flash card
0	could use bigger dart card
0	Bad quality on cheap paper.
0	Bad quality on flashy paper.
1	Near Laser Quality and beautiful photos made inexpensively.
1	Near Laser Quality and beautiful photos ready inexpensively.
1	Great camera, very stable, crazy features.
1	bang-up camera, very stable, crazy features.
1	Small size, powerful battery, voice active dialing
1	Small size, powerful battery, spokesperson active dialing
1	Price and value, compact size, AC adapter
1	Price and value, wad size, AC adapter
1	GREAT durability, survived many falls, good battery life, voice dial
1	GREAT durability, survived many falls, good battery liveliness, spokesperson dial
1	Very useful.
1	real useful.
1	small, lightweight, many features
1	small, lightweight, many characteristic
0	Pricey, considering it doesn't come with AC adapter or good photo editor.
0	Pricey, count it doesn't come with AC adapter or sound photo editor.
1	Great price, USB Ready, Great for Fun, Just point and shoot!
1	keen Price, USB Ready, Great for Fun, Just point and shoot!
1	large LCD display &#13;&#10;Crystal Clear Reception all over the United States. &#13;&#10;
1	big LCD presentation &#13;&#10;Crystal Clear Reception all over the United express. &#13;&#10;
0	LCD screen can't be used in daylight.
0	LCD screen can't be put-upon in daylight.
0	6 second power up. Terrible auto-focus in low light. Long lag time. Distracting Autofocus light.
0	sixer second magnate up. Terrible auto-focus in depressed light. Long lag time. Distracting Autofocus light.
1	A very inexpensive, professional camera
1	adenine very inexpensive, professional camera
0	Powering Off!!!, Battery Life
0	Powering Off!!!, Battery living
0	The quality of the images!
0	The quality of the see!
0	somewhat expensive, battery life isn't that long (talktime)
0	reasonably expensive, battery life isn't that long (talktime)
1	good quality and speed
1	good lineament and speed
0	Quits taking charge, badly designed on/off switch
0	Quits taking charge, badly designed on/off flip-flop
1	great price, best quality 
1	great price, scoop quality 
1	Decent image quality.  VERY tiny and really is "pocketable".
1	Decent image quality.  VERY tiny and truly is "pocketable".
0	shakes violently and fails frequently
0	shakes violently and fail frequently
1	Excellent photo quality and to be able to record your own movies!
1	Excellent photo quality and to be able to memorialise your own flick!
1	$19.99 phone and no monthly fees.
1	$19.99 telephone and no monthly fees.
1	Doesn't cost much and gets the job done again and again
1	Doesn't cost much and receive the job set again and again
1	Very high quality prints or fairly quick prints at lower resolutions
1	Very high calibre prints or fairly quick prints at depress resolutions
0	No blue tooth attachment and no flash for the camera.
0	No naughty tooth attachment and no flashgun for the camera.
0	Antenna on this phone isnt any good.
0	Antenna on this ring isnt any good.
1	Lightweight at only 12 lbs., easy to unfold and fold with child in arm.
1	Lightweight at only twelve lbs., easy to unfold and fold with youngster in arm.
1	Easy to glide
1	well-fixed to glide
1	Great Pictures, Awesome Flash, Small size, Easy to use, Inexpensive
1	Great Pictures, Awesome twinkling, Small size, wanton to use, Inexpensive
0	still expensive
0	soundless expensive
0	Sluggish Interface
0	slow Interface
1	Sharp pics, plays mp3s, killer design
1	crisp pics, plays mp3s, killer design
0	Lousy Warranty.Ink Sucker at $ 25 a pop.
0	stinking Warranty.Ink Sucker at $ 25 a pop.
1	Full Control, Fast 4X lens, Superior Image Quality, Compact Flash I/II Media
1	Full command, flying 4X lens, Superior Image Quality, Compact Flash I/II Media
1	Weight, size, battery, antenna, shell
1	Weight, size, battery, antenna, vanquish
0	The keypad is very user unfriendly. Don't buy if you wanna text lots.
0	The keypad is very user unfriendly. Don't bargain if you wanna text bunch.
0	No games, very little ringtones/wallpaper. Internet use costly.
0	No games, very niggling ringtones/wallpaper. Internet use costly.
1	nice pictures,small,convenient
1	gracious pictures,small,convenient
0	Pricy if you're not a shopper, Bigwheels,
0	costly if you're not a shopper, Bigwheels,
0	Bad choice of ring tones, buttons noisy
0	Bad choice of ring chant, buttons noisy
0	The camera kept breaking.
0	The camera kept crack.
0	only one copy every thirty seconds
0	only one simulate every thirty seconds
1	good quality and speed for the price
1	expert quality and speed for the price
1	Large screen, WAP/Net-enabled
1	Large screenland, WAP/Net-enabled
0	Still very pricey for what is basically an "amateur" base camera.
0	however very pricey for what is basically an "amateur" floor camera.
0	bad reception Volume sucks,battery dies quick
0	bad reception Volume sucks,battery dies promptly
0	a little slower than more expensive units
0	a little deadening than more expensive units
0	Takes a bit to warm up, makes a lot of noise
0	Takes a flake to warm up, build a lot of noise
0	NONE
0	none
1	Price, Looks, Durability. 
1	Price, aspect, Durability. 
1	Quiet printing at an affordable price, by a name you can trust.
1	Quiet printing at an affordable terms, by a name you can cartel.
1	Small, lightweight, lots of features, generally user friendly.
1	small, lightweight, lots of features, generally user friendly.
1	Cheap, compact, decent print quality when it works, did i say cheap?
1	Cheap, pack, decent print quality when it works, did i tell cheap?
0	Small Buttons
0	Small push
1	Great resolution, excellent zoom
1	Great result, excellent zoom
1	Sharp Image, Easy to Use, Low Price, Reputable Company
1	Sharp image, Easy to Use, Low Price, Reputable Company
1	free
1	barren
1	it's an HP
1	it's an horsepower
1	Excellent buy for the low cost! Works just as well as the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and quick to learn how to use!
1	Excellent buy for the low cost! employment just as well as the more expensive digital cameras!! prosperous and quick to hear how to exercise!
0	No bluetooth, low ring tone volume, camera quality
0	No bluetooth, low ring tone loudness, camera quality
1	Lightweight, attractive silver flip-style, durable, simple.
1	Lightweight, attractive silvery flip-style, durable, simple.
1	Lots of features, two 65k-displays, design and did I mention features?
1	slews of features, two 65k-displays, design and did I remark features?
0	Soft ring, need to use Keyguard
0	diffused ring, need to use Keyguard
0	Shows fingerprints easily. Cost is relatively high.
0	Shows fingerprints easily. Cost is comparatively high.
1	EXCELLENT QUALITY, EASY TO USE, BEAUTIFUL PICTURES
1	EXCELLENT QUALITY, easygoing TO USE, BEAUTIFUL PICTURES
0	Does not support Windows 95 USB, needs bigger CF card out of the box
0	Does not underpin Windows 95 USB, need bigger CF card out of the box
0	None that I can see.
0	None that I can interpret.
0	Fast, accurate printing, versatile
0	fasting, accurate printing, versatile
1	Sleek and full of great features.
1	Sleek and full of enceinte features.
1	Small and easy to handle
1	Small and promiscuous to handle
0	Cingular software.  Small navigation keys.
0	Cingular software.  Small seafaring keys.
1	Awesome printing quality, very quiet
1	Awesome printing quality, very muted
0	Not much of a zoom
0	Not lots of a zoom
0	Some voice distortion (read below), Over-priced accessories, No voice commands
0	Some voice distortion (read below), Over-priced accessories, No articulation command
1	Great quality, Good drivers, looks kinda cool, USB *or* parallel connection, Mac compatibility, Bigass ink cartridges last a long time, HP reliability, very very good deal.
1	Great quality, Good drivers, seem kinda cool, USB *or* parallel association, Mac compatibility, Bigass ink cartridges last a tenacious time, HP reliability, very very dear muckle.
0	Has a hard time focusing in low light
0	Has a hard time focusing in low scant
0	Software problems on simple tasks, no IR or modem
0	software problems on simple tasks, no IR or modem
0	Battery life is ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE!!! Camera would be nice...
0	Battery animation is ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE!!! Camera would be nice...
0	No AC adapter
0	No AC adaptor
0	unsupported, MP3 software
0	unsupported, MP3 package
0	Poor battery life, bad quality photos when zooming.
0	Poor battery life, unfit quality photos when zooming.
1	Small, lightweight, easy to use.
1	Small, lightweight, easy to function.
0	sucks up batteries like there is no tomorrow, images can be a bit grainy
0	lactate up batteries like there is no tomorrow, images can be a flake grainy
1	Fast, Many settings and options, picture quality and clarity.
1	degraded, Many settings and options, picture quality and clarity.
1	Screen, ringer volume, clarity, coverage, ringer tones, antenna
1	filmdom, ringer volume, clarity, coverage, ringer tones, antenna
0	Internal memory small, no camera bag included, price slightly high
0	Internal retentivity small, no camera bag included, price slightly mellow
0	cost
0	price
1	Quality photos and true colors 
1	Quality photos and genuine colors 
0	It runs out of paper! (Dumb Joke)
0	It persist out of paper! (Dumb Joke)
0	Makes much noise while loading the paper, no parallel cable
0	Makes much noise while freight the report, no parallel cable
1	Great Text And Photos
1	bully Text And Photos
1	the menu directory was easy to use and the internal light was bright
1	the menu directory was well-situated to enjoyment and the internal light was bright
1	easy to use, Epson quality &amp;amp; support, light, ergonomic
1	easy to use, Epson quality &ampere;amp; substantiate, light, ergonomic
1	Small elph size.  Fine photos.  Easy to use.  Many, many options.
1	Small elph size.  exquisitely photos.  well-fixed to use.  Many, many options.
1	Nothing
1	null
0	My children don't like to stand when the front seat is reclined
0	My children don't like to stand when the battlefront butt is reclined
1	cheap, light, small
1	cheap, unhorse, small
1	Cost
1	price
0	expensive, breaks down, wheels get stuck
0	expensive, breaks down, wheels have stuck
0	loud
0	tawdry
1	The best digital camera ever
1	The comfortably digital camera ever
1	Cool look, lite, ring tones are loud!
1	sang-froid look, lite, ring tones are loud!
0	Weak Ringers!
0	Weak toller!
0	Slow when printing in color, camera prints are mediocre
0	dim when printing in color, camera prints are mediocre
1	Light, sleek, Value for money.
1	Light, sleek, prise for money.
1	Ease of use, convenience of 3.5&amp;quot; disk, picture quality
1	Ease of employment, convenience of 3.5&amp;quot; disk, image quality
1	ultra-compact design, easy to use
1	ultra-compact design, loose to use
1	- 3.3 megapixels resolution, Excellent image quality, Accurate auto-light adjustment.
1	- 3.3 megapixels resolution, Excellent fancy prize, Accurate auto-light adjustment.
1	Easy to Use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great Software&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Easy to manipulation&amp;#13;&amp;#ten;&amp;#13;&amp;#x;smashing Software&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Nice big screen.  Long battery life.  Lots of features.  Great organizer.  Built well
1	Nice handsome screen.  Long battery life.  Lots of features.  majuscule organizer.  Built well
1	VERY reasonably priced, great print quality, adjustable paper thickness, separate ink cartridges to reduce waste
1	VERY reasonably priced, peachy print lineament, adjustable paper thickness, separate ink cartridges to deoxidize waste
0	Can't lock keys to prevent accidental dialing, ringer not loud enough
0	Can't interlock cay to prevent accidental dialing, ringer not loud enough
1	Very colorful displays
1	Very colorful expose
1	Very good quality, Easy to set up
1	Very good quality, Easy to fix up
0	Little on the expensive side
0	small on the expensive side
1	Very inexspensive
1	really inexspensive
0	resolution is not highest available, but still great
0	resolution is not highest available, but smooth great
1	Inexpensive, great looking prints on special paper
1	Inexpensive, great await prints on special paper
1	Great quality! great speed! turns itself on when you print! great costumer care!
1	Great quality! outstanding speed! routine itself on when you print! great costumer care!
1	Attractive/sleek
1	Attractive/satiny
0	slow color printing, runs out of ink quickly
0	slow colouring printing, runs out of ink quickly
0	Doesn't do anything well. Expensive. Really big.
0	Doesn't do anything easily. Expensive. Really big.
0	It's costly
0	It's pricey
0	Obsolete printing quality
0	disused printing quality
0	The ink cartridges are small and you must purchase the battery separately.
0	The ink cartridges are little and you must purchase the shelling separately.
1	Reception/Quality, Size, and Look
1	Reception/Quality, Size, and flavor
1	Easy to download images on any computer.
1	Easy to download prototype on any computer.
0	See review
0	experience review
1	Similar featuresd as 35 MM counterparts, great automatic mode-Quality, simple to use!!
1	Similar featuresd as thirty-five MM counterparts, great automatic mode-Quality, simple to purpose!!
0	Ink Usage, Durability
0	Ink use, Durability
1	Very cheap, fairly good resolution
1	Very cheap, fairly skilful resolution
0	Battery Hog
0	Battery hogget
0	poor software support for mac
0	inadequate software support for mac
1	Small, sleek, easy to use and voice-activated dialing.
1	Small, sleek, easy to manipulation and voice-activated dialing.
1	Compact design, scratch resistant case, voice activated dialing
1	Compact design, cabbage resistant case, voice activated dialing
1	most pictures come out well, looks, easy to use, great for kids &amp; beginners
1	most pictures come out well, looks, easy to usage, bully for kids &amp; beginners
0	Out of the Box accessories are crap, throw away batteries, throw away card, no adapter
0	Out of the Box accessories are bull, hurl away batteries, befuddle away card, no adapter
0	some paper loading properties
0	some paper loading dimension
1	Numerous features, excellent manual
1	Numerous features, fantabulous manual
1	Good Quality
1	just Quality
1	great quality, amazing detail
1	great caliber, amazing detail
1	Wonderful image quality, duplexer eliminates handling of paper to print two-sided documents.
1	rattling image quality, duplexer eliminates handling of paper to mark two-sided documents.
1	Awesome picture taking, Easy use
1	Awesome picture postulate, Easy use
1	Easy to use, great quality and worth the money
1	Easy to use, cracking quality and worth the money
0	not great picture, not great price
0	not heavy picture, not great price
1	Cool features.
1	sang-froid features.
1	100% excellent cellular phone, computer sync
1	100% excellent cellular phone, calculator sync
1	Games, screen, tones, looks
1	back, screen, tones, looks
0	Connection to computer, stability, flash
0	Connection to computer, stability, tawdry
0	slightly flimsy
0	slightly thin
0	Some of the "extras" cost extra to use.
0	Some of the "extras" be extra to use.
1	Cheap
1	brassy
1	Cheap, Easy to use, Good cartoon quality, cute!
1	Cheap, Easy to utilise, Good cartoon quality, cute!
0	Flash too strong for extreme close-ups
0	instant too strong for extreme close-ups
0	Will have to buy cables, numerous refills that are very hard to find.
0	Will have to buy cables, numerous refill that are very heavy to find.
1	2.3 Megapixels, USB interface
1	2.trinity Megapixels, USB interface
0	Slow, very slow. You need alot of paitience and a toothpick. Cingular's crappy service!
0	tardily, very slow. You need alot of paitience and a toothpick. Cingular's lousy service!
1	Small footprint, easy setup, decent speed and print quality.
1	Small footprint, easy setup, properly speed and print quality.
0	Short Battery Life, Long-Run Performance
0	Short Battery Life, long-term Performance
1	Small, sturdy, great quality, simple to use, clear screen
1	little, sturdy, great quality, simple to use, clear screen
0	It brakes down realy easy,poor picture printing
0	It brakes down realy easy,poor picture print
1	Lightweight, Trendy, Great Talk Time, Durable, Soft Keypad
1	Lightweight, Trendy, Great Talk Time, perdurable, Soft Keypad
1	Excellent steering control - the best! One tough little lightweight stroller.
1	Excellent steering hold - the best! One bad little lightweight stroller.
0	Still an inkjet
0	tranquil an inkjet
1	Size, design, keypad, scratch resistant metal.
1	Size, design, keypad, lucre resistant metal.
1	Superb styling, portability, cusomisation, and loaded with features.
1	Superb styling, portability, cusomisation, and wealthy with features.
1	4 seprate ink tanks
1	tetrad seprate ink tanks
0	higher price
0	higher toll
1	This Nokia retains the user-friendly set-up plus the convenience of a worldwide phone.
1	This Nokia retains the user-friendly set-up plus the convenience of a planetary headphone.
0	None so far
0	None so Interahamwe
1	Price
1	terms
1	Excellent image quality, perfectly portable.
1	fantabulous image quality, perfectly portable.
1	Easy to use, great picture quality, fast uploads
1	Easy to use, gravid picture quality, fast uploads
1	Operates adequately as a point and shoot.
1	Operates adequately as a degree and shoot.
0	Hard to use. Doesn't work well with some systems.
0	Hard to use. Doesn't work comfortably with some systems.
0	Only one color &#13;&#10;No Speaker Phone
0	Only one color &#13;&#10;No Speaker headphone
0	Not network compliant, must buy USB cord.
0	Not network compliant, mustiness buy USB cord.
0	15 image memory, 640x480 resolution, basic software package
0	15 image memory, 640x480 resolution, basic software bundle
1	Fast printing, reasonable quality, moderate ink costs
1	tight printing, reasonable quality, moderate ink costs
0	No Macro Function
0	No Macro use
1	Easy to set up and fold down, height of handles, easy to push
1	Easy to set up and sheepfold down, height of handles, comfortable to push
1	Small size, ease of use, features, rechargeable battery
1	Small size, easiness of use, features, rechargeable battery
0	The FA-LA-LA outside display disco light show when the phone rings for incoming calls. UGH!!!
0	The FA-LA-LA outside display disco swooning show when the phone echo for incoming outcry. UGH!!!
1	Great high resolution photos with optical and digital zoom
1	big high resolution photos with optical and digital zoom
1	Fast once warmed up, great text quality, easy to set-up over the network
1	flying once warmed up, peachy text quality, easy to set-up over the network
0	Horrible engineering of UI/OS
0	Horrible organise of UI/OS
1	inexpensive for its size, cute design,very durable
1	inexpensive for its size, cute figure,very durable
1	Well designed
1	good designed
0	Odd shape if you're not used to it.
0	Odd figure if you're not used to it.
1	Ability to hold onto signal... :)
1	Ability to detention onto signal... :)
0	Battery life is horrible!!  Small buttons difficult to navigate.
0	Battery life is horrible!!  Small buttons difficult to sail.
0	slow printing, so so print quality
0	behind printing, so so print quality
0	Amber screen, clunky directory system, screen easily scratched, no bluetooth, no color.
0	Amber sort, clunky directory system, screen easily scratched, no bluetooth, no colouring.
0	Photo quality, included software, battery life, no case, slow picture transfer to computer, no zoom
0	Photo calibre, included software, battery life, no pillowcase, slow pic transfer to computer, no zoom
1	Easy to use, great features
1	Easy to use, majuscule features
1	none
1	none
1	Great pictures!
1	bang-up pictures!
1	Modest size, light weight, excellent battery life, expandable memory options, Sony quality, accessories
1	Modest size, light weight, excellent battery life, expandable memory choice, Sony quality, add-on
1	excellent resolution, easy to use, compact retro design
1	excellent resolution, easy to use, stocky retro design
1	Sliding cover phone, computer and palm pilot all rolled into one!
1	Sliding encompass phone, computer and palm pilot all undulate into one!
1	Sharp pictures, easy to use
1	Sharp painting, easy to use
0	Its a huge phone, but it has a fold out keyboard. Can't use standard headset.
0	Its a huge earphone, but it has a flexure out keyboard. Can't practice standard headset.
1	speed, footprint, print quality
1	speed, footprint, mark quality
0	To date, I have been unable to get the  software to work.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	To date, ane have been unable to find the  software to ferment.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	convenience of floppy disks, good zoom, ease of use
1	convenience of floppy disc, good zoom, ease of use
0	see above!
0	image above!
0	Battery life is too short.  AC adapter is hard to find.  
0	barrage life is too short.  AC adapter is backbreaking to find.  
1	Ease of Use, compact, and most importantly, inexpensive
1	Ease of Use, wad, and most importantly, inexpensive
1	Easy to understand
1	Easy to infer
0	Poor Button Reactivity
0	Poor Button reactivity
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	shelling biography, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
1	affordable
1	low-priced
1	Clear, well-lit display; functionality; size; ring volume; long battery life.
1	exculpate, well-lit display; functionality; size; ring volume; farsighted battery life.
1	Interesting Keypad Layout; Lots of Features; Takes Digital Photos
1	Interesting Keypad Layout; Lots of Features; remove Digital Photos
0	Compact Flash Card too small and rechargable batteries not included. 
0	constrict Flash Card too small and rechargable batteries not admit. 
0	May not be fast enough for larger offices
0	May not be fast enough for bombastic offices
1	Great Pictures, Easy to Use, Compact
1	bang-up Pictures, Easy to Use, Compact
0	Cartridges 
0	magazine 
0	Low Battery life like all digitals, Extra step to process pix
0	scummy Battery life like all digitals, surplus step to process pix
1	The Whole phone, features, style, build quality
1	The Whole phone, features, style, build timbre
1	What a great improvement from the strollers my other kids had.  
1	What a large betterment from the strollers my other kids had.  
0	On the high-end of price for a home printer.
0	On the high-end of price for a national printer.
1	Excellent Colors, Decent Macro Photos, Very Compact and Quick to Launch
1	excellent colourize, Decent Macro Photos, Very Compact and Quick to Launch
1	Olympus name, nice size LCD, Plentiful options.
1	Olympus name, nice size LCD, Plentiful option.
0	Good luck trying to find more fugi rechargeable batteries. Memory cards are expensive.
0	serious luck trying to regain more fugi rechargeable batteries. Memory cards are expensive.
0	Poor UI, poor battery, no programmability, poor speaker, poor speakerphone.
0	Poor UI, poor battery, no programmability, piteous speaker, hapless speakerphone.
0	lcd display shows finger and nose prints
0	lcd show shows finger and nose prints
1	Compact; Speakerphone Is Great; Radio Function; Plastic Holster
1	Compact; Speakerphone Is dandy; Radio Function; Plastic Holster
0	none i have found
0	none i have feel
1	It sometimes saves you a trip to Kinko's
1	It sometimes deliver you a trip to Kinko's
1	Great Pictures
1	large Pictures
0	Boxy design, Not 100% consistent photos
0	Boxy project, Not 100% consistent photos
1	great
1	keen
1	Archival ink, accurate color, very sharp prints, quiet, separate ink tanks. Well designed.
1	Archival ink, accurate color, very acute prints, quiet, separate ink tanks. fountainhead designed.
1	FinePix is right on the money
1	FinePix is correctly on the money
1	Excellent for Photos
1	Excellent for pic
0	Indifferent image quality; very poor low light images.
0	Indifferent image quality; very poor low perch images.
0	there is not a silent mode, just vibrate, ring, and vibe &ring
0	there is not a soundless mode, just vibrate, band, and vibe &ring
1	Low price.  Solid product.
1	Low terms.  Solid product.
0	Extremely poor functional design. Overpriced, overhyped and developmentally challenged product of poor engineering.
0	Extremely short functional design. Overpriced, overhyped and developmentally challenged production of poor engineering.
1	Great image quality, stylish, compact, take-anywhere, useful, impressive
1	Great image quality, stylish, compact, take-anywhere, utilitarian, impressive
0	slow, print quality poor
0	retard, print quality poor
0	Low picture resolution, no speaker phone, ringtones need to be louder on high
0	blue word-painting resolution, no speaker phone, ringtones need to be louder on high
0	Bad alarm, ring/vibrate feature unpredictable, earpiece volume could be louder
0	uncollectible alarm, halo/vibrate feature unpredictable, earpiece volume could be louder
0	Takes awhile to print, only prints 4x6
0	accept awhile to print, only prints 4x6
1	Compact, easy to use, take great pictures.
1	Compact, easy to use, postulate great pictures.
1	keyboard, keyboard, keyboard, voice commands, and a nice battery life compared to similar featured phones
1	keyboard, keyboard, keyboard, voice commands, and a nice barrage aliveness compared to similar featured sound
0	Keypad (Could be less stylish and more practical)
0	keypad (Could be less stylish and more practical)
0	Numerous settings can be confusing to the casual user.
0	Numerous settings can be blur to the casual user.
0	Everything Else, Poor Reception, Dropped Calls ,poor Voice Quality
0	Everything Else, Poor Reception, Dropped address ,poor Voice Quality
0	Quality is horrible
0	calibre is horrible
0	As with all printers, the ink cartridges are expensive.
0	angstrom with all printers, the ink cartridges are expensive.
1	good quality, quieter than previous models, doesn't shake the desk.
1	honest quality, quieter than previous posture, doesn't shake the desk.
0	dated
0	see
1	Lightweight and easy to push, great company, great warranty
1	Lightweight and tardily to push, great company, great warranty
0	Complicated menus for advanced features.
0	Complicated menus for ripe features.
1	There are no pros worth putting up with this phone for.
1	There are no pros Worth putting up with this sound for.
1	Reliable
1	honest
0	Component failure, overwhelming menus, signal reception.
0	Component bankruptcy, overwhelming menus, signal reception.
1	High quality prints, much improved speed from original PhotoSmart
1	High quality prints, much amend speed from original PhotoSmart
1	easy setup, voice controls
1	well-situated setup, voice controls
0	Paper supply on the small side, slow to warm up
0	Paper supply on the pocket-sized side, deadening to warm up
1	Big basket, dual handles, canopy, reclining seat, great quality and value
1	swelled basket, dual handgrip, canopy, reclining seat, great quality and value
0	Loud!! Scares my cats when it starts up.
0	cheap!! Scares my cats when it starts up.
1	thru the lens viewer, can use floppy
1	thru the lens witness, can use floppy
1	SLR, Ease of use, accurate color, professional features, 3FPS, 36bit color depth, multi-point focus
1	SLR, Ease of function, accurate color, professional features, 3FPS, 36bit color depth, multi-point focusing
1	Photo Quality, Cheap, Easy to use
1	Photo Quality, gaudy, Easy to use
0	Antenna seems easy to break, but can be retracted.
0	Antenna seems easy to founder, but can be retracted.
0	Batteries can go fast if you dont get good ones
0	Batteries can survive fast if you dont get safe ones
0	not designed for young children, expensive
0	not designed for offspring children, expensive
1	Its Color
1	Its colourise
1	Its a Nikon, It takes great pictures!
1	Its a Nikon, It takes great see!
0	No optical zoom, No USB
0	nobelium optical zoom, No USB
1	easy storage, portable, looks
1	easy storage, portable, expression
1	Durable
1	lasting
0	Very dark display w/o backlight. Possible memory conflicts cause erractic ringtone behavior.
0	Very dreary display westward/o backlight. Possible memory conflicts cause erractic ringtone behavior.
0	discontinued
0	break
1	Compact and easy to transfer pictures to the computer
1	Compact and easy to transfer picture to the computer
0	Printer Ink Cost!!!
0	Printer Ink be!!!
0	Manual a little strange.
0	Manual a little unknown.
0	Abysmal repair support
0	Abysmal repair living
0	4 months and it died
0	4 months and it pall
1	Overall near-perfection!  Excellent quality, good price, easy-to-use, remote-control!
1	Overall near-perfection!  Excellent quality, dear price, easy-to-use, remote-control!
0	Defective parts.
0	Defective parting.
0	sometimes the littlest things can screw it up
0	sometimes the lilliputian things can screw it up
1	Very affordable, easy to use
1	Very affordable, tardily to use
0	Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
0	Requires excessive button push for simpleton tasks like text messaging.  Garbled audio quality with fasttalkers.
1	Size, style, convenience, ease
1	Size, panache, convenience, ease
1	great battery life; durable
1	keen battery life; durable
0	Old battery so short life, Beat up phone
0	Old battery so shortsighted life, Beat up phone
0	Poor USB support, high ink cost, poor build quality
0	Poor USB support, luxuriously ink cost, poor build quality
1	Large clear LCD, loud speakerphone, bluetooth, good reception
1	Large clear LCD, loud speakerphone, bluetooth, undecomposed reception
0	Uses proprietary OS, Included earpiece not up to par, phone could use Bluetooth technology.
0	enjoyment proprietorship OS, Included earpiece not up to par, phone could use Bluetooth technology.
1	Compact size, custom features
1	summary size, custom features
1	Excellent resolution, Excellent Features, Able To Add Audio To Your Pictures And Video Clips!
1	excellent resolution, Excellent Features, Able To Add Audio To Your render And Video Clips!
1	ease of use, optical zoom, good quality pictures
1	ease of utilize, optical zoom, good quality pictures
0	None
0	none
0	if you use crapy paper you will get crapy photo's
0	if you utilise crapy paper you will acquire crapy photo's
0	poor performance
0	hapless performance
1	ITS A NOKIA
1	ITS amp NOKIA
0	antenna, antenna, antenna
0	antenna, antenna, aerial
0	A little too much noise
0	A little too often noise
1	Motorola always produces solid well built products...but...
1	Motorola constantly produces solid well built products...but...
0	the keys are probably a little small
0	the Key are probably a little small
0	The buttons are hard to push individually; you can dial a wrong number very easily.
0	The buttons are hard to advertise individually; you can dial a incorrectly turn very easily.
1	Quality
1	character
1	inexpensive, but works well
1	inexpensive, but works easily
0	Glossy paper for any printer can be expensive.
0	Glossy paper for any pressman can be expensive.
0	none, that I can find.
0	none, that I can ascertain.
0	$500, goes through batteries fast.
0	$500, spell through batteries fast.
1	Value, Color, Cost
1	measure, Color, Cost
0	battery life
0	bombardment life
1	Compact, sleek, attractive, loud ring
1	Compact, sleek, attractive, loud telephone
1	Price
1	price
1	size, size, size. and great clarity in the pictures. Love the metal case.
1	size, size, size. and groovy clarity in the pictures. Love the metal face.
1	Light, user friendly, one key call, send and disconnect.
1	loose, user friendly, one key call, send and disconnect.
1	Easy to use. High quality for the price.
1	tardily to use. High quality for the price.
1	small, easy to carry, stylish, takes good pictures for the price of the phone
1	small, easy to carry, stylish, guide good video for the price of the phone
0	bulky; no color display; ringer is a little soft
0	bulky; no color display; ringer is a little cushy
0	na
0	Na
1	easy to use, price coming down, holds a lot of photos, special effects
1	well-situated to use, price coming down, holds a slew of photos, special effects
0	No Ethernet Port
0	nobelium Ethernet Port
0	Battery length
0	bombardment length
1	IT'S GREAT.
1	IT'S expectant.
1	Features, Features, Features
1	sport, Features, Features
1	Very reliable, easy to use, good overall in all functions
1	Very reliable, easy to utilize, dear overall in all functions
1	Lightweight, color screen, great sound quality, and fun!
1	Lightweight, color screen, expectant sound quality, and fun!
0	Speakerphone unusable, no advanced features, form factor uncomfortable for long use, chicklet keys.
0	Speakerphone unusable, no advanced features, kind factor uncomfortable for long utilize, chicklet keys.
0	Keys easy to bump if guard not on
0	identify easy to bump if guard not on
1	Car seat fits on the stroller
1	Car hindquarters fits on the stroller
1	Scans , Copies , &amp; Prints - All in One!, Affordable
1	Scans , copy , &amp; Prints - All in One!, Affordable
0	Battery Life
0	battery Life
1	Size, Weight, Clarity
1	Size, Weight, clearness
1	The clock is always right. When the display isn't showing "LOOKING FOR SERVICE"
1	The clock is always right. When the exhibit isn't evidence "LOOKING FOR SERVICE"
1	great for close-up shots
1	outstanding for close-up shots
0	loudest ring may not be loud enough, attenae tends to stab me in the side
0	tacky annulus may not be brassy enough, attenae tends to stab me in the side
0	At farther distances using the zoom, the pictures were dark and the color not sharp
0	At farther distances employ the zoom, the pic were obscure and the color not sharp
0	Exterior scrapes, Battery life!!
0	Exterior scrapes, barrage life!!
0	A little bulky
0	a little bulky
1	Sharpness and advanced capabilities
1	keenness and advanced capabilities
0	No expandable memory. 
0	No expandable remembering. 
1	Sleek and chic, internal camera, good clarity of sound, bluetooth, classic Sony features.
1	Sleek and chic, internal camera, sound clarity of sound, bluetooth, classic Sony feature.
0	I Waited Far To Long To Buy One! Period.
0	I Waited Far To farsighted To Buy One! Period.
1	You can put a baby seat on the back seat, It is easy to push, it is very light weight
1	You can put a baby hindquarters on the back bum, It is sluttish to push, it is very short weight
1	Saves Desk Space.  
1	salvage Desk Space.  
1	Very nice camera for the price. Easy to use, nice quality pictures
1	rattling nice camera for the price. light to use, nice quality pictures
1	Clear, printable pictures. More options than you can use.
1	exonerated, printable pictures. More options than you can use.
0	Lack of ring tones.
0	Lack of ring chant.
1	Inexpensive, 15ppm, Energy Start Compliant, 12,000 pages per month
1	cheap, 15ppm, Energy Start Compliant, XII,000 pages per month
0	Extremely limited memory, tiny buttons, slow Java virtual machine
0	Extremely limited memory, tiny buttons, tedious Java virtual machine
0	Controls not very intuitive. LCD is small.
0	moderate not very intuitive. LCD is small.
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	Big screen for a cell, safe battery life, realize display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
0	Too cheap to keep
0	Too chintzy to keep
1	Quality - Speed - Ink Cost - Color
1	Quality - hasten - Ink Cost - Color
0	Unacceptable quality for colored text, buggy software installation
0	Unacceptable quality for colored text, bonkers software installation
0	No flashy features, long address book
0	No flashy features, foresighted address book
1	Excellent macro function, Excellent camera for the price &amp; features,Build Quality
1	Excellent macro subprogram, Excellent camera for the price &amp; features,chassis Quality
0	Doesn't work with all USB Cards
0	Doesn't mold with all USB Cards
1	High quality construction and performance, solid features.
1	High quality construction and performance, solid boast.
0	Lousy service.
0	Lousy servicing.
0	power button, head-phone jack, no mp3 player?
0	office button, head-phone jack, no mp3 player?
0	A little heavy, just get the swivel clip.
0	A little leaden, just get the swivel clip.
0	none found
0	none incur
0	needs better storage space thats compact for bottles or sodas. hard to find
0	needs better reposition space thats compact for bottles or sodas. hard to rule
0	Expensive for something that's outgrown after 1 year
0	Expensive for something that's outgrown after 1 twelvemonth
1	Easy set up and use.
1	Easy Seth up and use.
1	Small size, microscreen in viewfinder, 3x optical zoom
1	Small size, microscreen in viewfinder, 3x optical surge
1	Features, fairly compact, inernational.
1	Features, somewhat compact, inernational.
1	Fast PPM output, great DPI for color, 2-sided printing (optional).
1	Fast PPM output, bully DPI for colouration, 2-sided printing (optional).
1	Pretty good quality printing
1	Pretty good quality print
1	The phone is wonderful, everything in one little package!!!
1	The earphone is wonderful, everything in one little package!!!
1	Excellent, affordable, user friendly
1	splendid, affordable, user friendly
0	Overpriced for what you get. Flimsy antennae
0	Overpriced for what you get. tenuous antennae
1	none
1	none
0	Zero quality
0	naught quality
1	Nice feel, easy to dial, clear large printout, changeable ring tones, tri mode
1	Nice feel, easy to dial, clear tumid printout, changeable ring look, tri mode
1	Excellent print quality, good speed, easy to set up
1	Excellent print quality, good speed, easy to Seth up
1	Ease of Use, Crisp Pictures
1	relieve of Use, Crisp Pictures
0	buttons are too small to press easily--have to use a fingernail.
0	buttons are too small to adjure easily--have to employ a fingernail.
0	battery consumption, warm up time.
0	battery consumption, tender up time.
0	No cover on LCD. Slow shooting. Small battery life. No enclosed cover.
0	No cover on LCD. Slow hit. belittled battery life. No enclosed cover.
1	Very easy to use, great value for money
1	Very easy to utilize, great value for money
0	relatively poor reception
0	relatively misfortunate reception
1	View screen, pocket-sized
1	View screen, small
1	Fast, clear printing.
1	Fast, realise printing.
0	Needs more rings before going to voicemail -- not adjustable
0	Needs more rings before release to voicemail -- not adjustable
0	Number pad takes some getting used to, would be nice to have a standard ringtone.
0	routine pad pack some father used to, would be nice to have a standard ringtone.
0	Unreliable, is not compatible with many software programs 
0	Unreliable, is not compatible with many software curriculum 
1	Lightweight, eye-catching display, great signal strength.
1	Lightweight, eye-catching display, cracking signal strength.
1	Speakerphone, lower price, voice dialing
1	Speakerphone, downhearted price, voice dialing
0	Display contrast, keypad buttons new design.
0	Display contrast, keypad buttons new designing.
1	cheap, small footprint, easy to operate
1	cheap, small footprint, easy to work
1	Smoooooth ride.  Great restraint system.  
1	Smoooooth ride.  slap-up restraint system.  
0	slow two sided printing
0	slow two sided publish
1	Blue backlighting, space between keys, cool looking
1	downcast backlighting, space between keys, cool looking
0	Slower, lower print quality...but it's only $30.
0	dim, lower print quality...but it's only $30.
0	runs out of ink fast, takes a long time to warm up
0	play out of ink profligate, takes a long time to warm up
1	Many features, Easy to use!
1	Many features, tardily to use!
0	CUSTOMER SERVICE
0	client SERVICE
0	I haven't found any yet
0	I haven't happen any yet
1	Strong Construction, Durable, Has all the goodies
1	Strong Construction, Durable, birth all the goodies
1	Small and nice features
1	humble and nice features
0	None
0	none
1	Sturdy, user-friendly, convenient removable infant seat
1	Sturdy, user-friendly, convenient removable infant tail
0	Drains batteries quickly
0	debilitate batteries quickly
0	150 sheet output tray
0	150 sheet yield tray
1	Purchase price
1	leverage price
0	Can't look at the pics till after you put them on your computer.  
0	Can't search at the pics trough after you put them on your computer.  
1	Full of features, price is right, feels good in hand
1	Full of features, damage is right, feels full in hand
1	GREAT CLARITY, easy to use, cool camera, great sounding ringtones, great 65,000 color screen.
1	nifty CLARITY, gentle to expend, cool camera, great sounding ringtones, great 65,000 color screen.
1	You can delete any pictures that you don't want, and only keep the ones you do. No developing fees
1	You can blue-pencil any pic that you don't want, and only keep the single you do. No developing fees
0	The only thing I don't like is after down loading to computer it would be nice to be able to reload pictures to the camera
0	The only thing ane don't ilk is after down debase to computer it would be decent to be able to reload characterisation to the camera
0	one hand fold shouldn't be a selling point, canopy
0	unmatched hand fold shouldn't be a selling point, canopy
0	Slightly bulky, expensive accessories
0	somewhat bulky, expensive accessories
0	Haven't run into any yet.
0	Haven't tend into any yet.
0	front wheels occasionally lock up
0	presence wheels occasionally lock up
1	Looks, easy to use, durability
1	depend, easy to use, durability
1	Easy to use, great resolution, inexpensive
1	prosperous to use, great resolution, inexpensive
0	Slow when in 2400x1200 DPI mode
0	deadening when in 2400x1200 DPI mode
0	Can't charge battery in camera
0	Can't bill battery in camera
1	small, lightweight, user friendly, quality pictures, versatile, long-lasting battery
1	pocket-sized, lightweight, user friendly, quality pictures, versatile, long-lasting battery
0	Too expensive
0	likewise expensive
0	Battery eater, have to connect to computer every time you download pictures
0	shelling eater, have to relate to computer every time you download pictures
1	Excellent print quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of use
1	first-class impress quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of use
1	small, easy to use, astheticly pleasing, multi-functions
1	small, wanton to use, astheticly pleasing, multi-functions
1	bluetooth, voice dialing, color screen, camera
1	bluetooth, voice dialing, colouration screen, camera
0	The material is uglier than sin.
0	The material is surly than sin.
0	OK Image Quality, No Flash, Battery Drainer, Few Features, Spoils-the-Fun Beep when Taking Pictures
0	OK Image Quality, No scud, Battery Drainer, Few Features, Spoils-the-Fun Beep when ingest Pictures
1	Easy to use, great photos, the prints even turned out wonderfully
1	Easy to use, great photo, the prints even turned out wondrous
1	Easy to use
1	tardily to use
0	Drops calls constantly, signal strength is quirky
0	Drops calls constantly, signal durability is quirky
0	doesn't always work in all lighting conditions
0	doesn't perpetually work in all lighting conditions
0	Battery cover, looks, looks, looks.  Fell off ugly tree. Twice.
0	shelling cover, looks, looks, looks.  Fell off ugly Tree. Twice.
1	Resolution, Supports USB, CF, AA batteries
1	Resolution, substantiate USB, CF, AA batteries
1	Strikingly beautiful
1	strikingly beautiful
0	Short battery life
0	unawares battery life
0	Pricey.
0	dear.
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of utilisation
1	Tiny, reliable, intuitive.
1	petite, reliable, intuitive.
1	Great Design
1	swell Design
0	No case, alkaline batteries run short
0	No cause, alkaline batteries run short
1	light weight, great picture quality, best bang for the buck!
1	light weight, great picture quality, outflank bonk for the buck!
0	Long pause between pictures, not enough video time.
0	recollective pause between pictures, not enough video time.
1	sleek design
1	flowing design
1	Photo realistic pictures, Ease of use, Prints excellent on all types of media. 
1	Photo naturalistic pictures, Ease of utilise, Prints excellent on all types of media. 
1	Clear, easy to use, fun, and colorful
1	vindicated, easy to use, fun, and colorful
0	lens cover scratches the body;unable to connect TV;TFT screen is hard to see under the sun;lack LCD display  on top of the camera
0	lens hatch engrave the body;unable to connect TV;TFT screen is knockout to see under the solarize;lack LCD display  on tip of the camera
1	Nikon name, pixels
1	Nikon discover, pixels
0	switching cartridges, not fast printing
0	switching cartridges, not libertine printing
1	The keyboard is really the only good thing.
1	The keyboard is really the only right thing.
1	Walkie Talkie function is very handy
1	Walkie Talkie affair is very handy
0	Initial cost is high
0	Initial cost is richly
1	Solidly built, with a host of features.
1	Solidly built, with a host of feature.
0	Price, slow learning curve, placement of sensors.
0	Price, slowly learning curve, placement of sensors.
1	Size, battery life, customizing features, easy text entry.
1	Size, battery life, customizing features, easygoing text entry.
0	Buggy web browser, buggy battery meter
0	kookie web browser, buggy battery meter
1	Easy to use, good quality pictures, comparatively very inexpensive
1	Easy to use, beneficial quality pictures, comparatively very inexpensive
0	Fold up tray durability questionable
0	Fold up tray durability refutable
0	Distance shooting isn't amazing
0	Distance snap isn't amazing
0	not-too-good sound quality for roaming calls, small buttons on the dialing pad
0	not-too-good effectual quality for roaming calls, small buttons on the dialing lodgings
0	"Travel" charger not suitable for travel, sound quality/reception could be better
0	"Travel" charger not suitable for travel, vocalise quality/reception could be serious
0	Battery life could be better
0	Battery life could be ameliorate
1	Great phone with cool features.
1	Great phone with cool characteristic.
1	Battery life, nice screen, good overall basics, relatively cheap.
1	Battery life, nice screen, good overall basics, relatively trashy.
0	Honestly, none at all.
0	frankly, none at all.
1	Easy to use, prints pictures AWESOME, nice looking and quiet.
1	Easy to habituate, prints pictures AWESOME, nice looking and muted.
0	original ink cartridge takes a bite out of the wallet.
0	original ink cartridge rent a raciness out of the wallet.
1	Picture effects, floppy disk, zoom, lens cover
1	figure effects, floppy disk, zoom, lens cover
1	Listed above.
1	name above.
0	none
0	none
0	hard to change settings from e-mail to regular photos
0	knockout to change settings from e-mail to regular photos
0	Mediocre camera quality, small keypad buttons
0	Mediocre camera quality, lowly keypad buttons
0	-Dual mode
0	-two-fold mode
1	good black and white copier, ink cartridges cheaper than most, can copy without a PC
1	upright melanize and white copier, ink cartridges gaudy than most, can copy without a PC
0	Minimal features.  Usability flaws.
0	Minimal features.  serviceableness flaws.
1	Great reception, tons of features, easy to use
1	Great receipt, tons of features, easy to use
0	No analog roaming ability limits the phone's range. No external "message waiting" indicator.
0	nobelium analog roaming ability limits the phone's run. No external "message waiting" indicator.
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Removable storage, PC connection, great video quality and well as sound
1	Removable storage, PC connection, heavy video quality and wellspring as sound
0	Frequent paper jams and expensive ink cartridges
0	Frequent paper jam and expensive ink cartridges
0	can be slow at times for large pictures
0	can be slow at times for heavy pictures
0	Noisy, Too much ink output, Destroys Envelopes, Jams
0	Noisy, Too much ink output, Destroys gasbag, Jams
0	doesn't always work
0	doesn't forever work
0	poor macro, small feature set
0	poor macro, low feature set
1	Sharp lens, reliable, manual modes, feature rich.
1	Sharp lens, reliable, manual modes, feature full-bodied.
0	Connectivity is completely unacceptable. It simply fails as an operable cel phone.
0	Connectivity is completely unacceptable. It only flunk as an operable cel phone.
1	compact,color screen, lots of ringtones, download ringer from phone
1	compact,color sieve, destiny of ringtones, download ringer from phone
1	Print Quality
1	Print calibre
0	short battery life, nearly perfect interface but with glaring shortcomings
0	short battery life, well-nigh everlasting interface but with glaring shortcomings
1	The 460/490 were among the first point and shoot digicams to impress professional photographers.
1	The 460/490 were among the maiden show and take digicams to impress professional photographers.
1	Easy to use, good pictures, good even for hobbyists, 
1	Easy to consumption, good pictures, good even for hobbyists, 
1	Looks, Very Light
1	Looks, Very wanton
1	great price
1	bully price
0	uses AA batteries, has flimsy pop-up flash
0	uses AA batteries, has flimsy pop-fly flash
0	None come to mind.
0	none come to mind.
0	Mediocre image quality, trouble focussing indoors, anemic flash, not robust.
0	Mediocre picture quality, trouble focussing indoors, anemic twinkle, not robust.
1	Price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Look
1	Price&amp;#13;&AMP;#10;Size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;seem
1	Ericsson has good service centers.
1	Ericsson has honest service centers.
1	build quality, size, voice dialing
1	build quality, size, phonation dialing
0	Larger than the S110. Relatively high price.
0	Larger than the S110. Relatively gamy price.
1	simplicity
1	simpleness
0	If you forget to "Keylock", you'll be dialing without knowing
0	If you leave to "Keylock", you'll be dialing without intentional
1	Prints Fast, resolution is nice
1	Prints Fast, solution is nice
1	Tells me when toner is low. Flatbed scanner. Flatbed fax. Fast printing.
1	Tells me when toner is abject. flatbed scanner. Flatbed fax. Fast printing.
0	no clock
0	no time
0	Battery life, cost ($499.99), web not in color, wont sync with PDA/computer
0	Battery life, cost ($499.99), web not in colouration, wont sync with PDA/figurer
1	compact design and advanced features
1	compact design and advance features
1	Full featured; very small package; fast; USB; movie mode
1	Full featured; very minuscule package; fast; USB; movie mode
0	None
0	none
1	new technology you can use it in 120 countries global, very small, voice options.
1	new technology you can use it in 120 countries world-wide, very small, vocalise options.
1	Cheap, easy to use. Good for web pictures.
1	Cheap, easy to use. respectable for web pictures.
1	Has a nice shape and fits almost anywhere
1	Has a nice shape and tantrum almost anywhere
1	Reliability, low cost
1	Reliability, humble cost
1	attractive detatchable face plates, clear calls, compact size, nice price
1	attractive detatchable fount plates, decipherable calls, compact size, nice price
0	bad camera, settings, navigation key, scratches up and shows finger prints
0	bad camera, settings, navigation distinguish, incision up and shows finger prints
0	Slow, Poorly designed, Expensive 
0	slacken, Poorly designed, Expensive 
0	A "Throw-away Printer! Noise, supply cost, EPSON Lack of 800 number
0	A "Throw-away Printer! randomness, append cost, EPSON Lack of 800 number
0	PCS VISION INTERNET BROWSER, FREQUENT LOCK UPS ON OLD FIRMWARE
0	PCS VISION cyberspace BROWSER, FREQUENT engage UPS ON OLD FIRMWARE
1	Excellent Pictures, Easy to Use
1	Excellent painting, Easy to Use
1	 Great featuers,Easy to use, Cheap Price
1	 Great featuers,Easy to use, tawdry Price
1	Roomy, sturdy, convenient snack area, large storage basket
1	Roomy, sturdy, convenient snack area, orotund storage basket
1	Large, beautiful & colorful LCD. Large external LCD.
1	large, beautiful & colorful LCD. Large external LCD.
0	Expensive to operate.
0	Expensive to go.
0	battery life sux if you don't condition it properly.
0	battery life sux if you don't specify it properly.
1	5 MB memory, plays mp3 and midi, picture ID
1	5 MB memory, plays mp3 and midi, movie ID
0	none
0	none
1	Best optical zoom for the price. Quality camera/lens. Easy to use on auto mode. 
1	Best optical zoom for the price. prize camera/lens. slowly to habituate on auto mode. 
1	Feature rich, lens interchangeability, 6 megapixel resolution &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	feature rich, lens interchangeability, 6 megapixel resoluteness &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Could have a more sturdy, better constructed paper/output tray.
0	Could have a more inflexible, amend constructed paper/output tray.
0	Careful how you enter names, It does not put names in alphabetical order.
0	Careful how you enter names, It does not set names in alphabetical ordination.
1	Affordable, , Compact,, Fast,, Excellent Print Quality,, Toner Saver feature,, USB/Parallel Interface, , 
1	Affordable, , Compact,, fast,, Excellent Print Quality,, Toner recoverer feature,, USB/Parallel Interface, , 
1	Fun, inexpensive, takes lovely clear pictures, and it just works.
1	Fun, inexpensive, takes pin-up illuminate pictures, and it just works.
1	Ease of use, regular diskettes, quality
1	ease of use, regular diskettes, quality
1	Durable, Great looking prints, relatively inexpensive, Good optics
1	Durable, heavy looking prints, relatively inexpensive, Good optics
0	Price of Cartridges Somewhat High (Can use refill kits to offset)
0	Price of Cartridges Somewhat High (dismiss use refill kits to kickoff)
0	ahhh....it died!
0	ahhh....it die!
0	Prints can have a dramatic color shift to orange.  Read more before buying!
0	Prints can have a dramatic color transfer to orangish.  Read more before buying!
0	Battery life
0	Battery biography
1	lots
1	peck
0	Really need second battery.
0	Really need bit battery.
0	A little slow
0	A little dull
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to function
0	Only 4 regular ring tones, other 11 are melodies
0	Only 4 unconstipated ring tones, other 11 are melodies
0	Problems with installing software. 
0	Problems with instalment software. 
1	small size, memory capabilities, features
1	modest size, memory capabilities, features
1	Price
1	cost
1	CD-R may be the Digital Image storage media of the future.
1	CD-R May be the Digital ikon storage media of the future.
0	Flash too close to the lens, image quality could be better
0	Flash too tight to the lens, image quality could be secure
0	poor images
0	inadequate images
0	no flash, no zoom
0	no fanfare, no zoom
0	shutter buttons drop out
0	shutter buttons discharge out
1	I had good coverage with Cingular.
1	I had secure coverage with Cingular.
1	good pictures
1	practiced pictures
1	Inexpensive, easy to use.  Fast
1	Inexpensive, well-off to use.  Fast
1	price, resolution and ease of op.
1	price, resoluteness and ease of op.
0	Brain Tumors
0	mentality Tumors
1	Good for inexpensive snapshots
1	skillful for inexpensive snapshots
0	fragile, bad software, 4 out of 4 phones defective within 6 months
0	fragile, bad software, 4 out of quaternion phones defective within vi months
1	price
1	cost
0	No calculator, not as many assesories as Nokia
0	No figurer, not as many assesories as Nokia
1	excellent quality, quick and quiet
1	excellent quality, quick and quiesce
1	Minimal, Bluetooth, GPRS, WAP
1	minimum, Bluetooth, GPRS, WAP
1	fast, high resolution, dual paper trays, and great photos
1	fast, high resolution, dual paper trays, and capital photos
0	SLOW shutter speed and no zoom. 
0	SLOW shutter amphetamine and no zoom. 
0	Can't talk and charge
0	Can't talk and level
1	Good clarity, solid construction, great features, decent size
1	Good clarity, solid building, great features, decent size
1	Lightweight, Easy to fold, Durable, the best value!
1	Lightweight, Easy to fold, Durable, the substantially value!
1	zoom, features, picture quality
1	zoom, features, characterization quality
0	A little heavy; no cup holders
0	A little intemperate; no cup holders
0	uses alot of ink
0	consumption alot of ink
0	battery life, smartmedia card is way too small
0	battery life, smartmedia card is fashion too small
0	does not ship with smartmedia card
0	does not ship with smartmedia scorecard
0	Software not XP compatible, scanner is slow and scan quality not up to par
0	Software not XP compatible, scanner is behind and scan calibre not up to par
0	its higher in space needed
0	its higher in space involve
0	Underpowered flash. Must remove battery to charge it. Occasional auto-focus problems.
0	Underpowered swank. Must remove battery to agitate it. Occasional auto-focus problems.
0	Streaking constantly
0	Streaking always
0	Never works right, slow, expensive ink cartridges
0	Never works right, boring, expensive ink cartridges
1	large screen, battery life, sliding cover, calendar, calculator. curved shape fits your hip.
1	expectant screen, battery life, sliding cover, calendar, calculator. sheer shape fits your hip.
0	battery life is average, short if you have the optional view screen on.
0	battery life-time is average, unawares if you have the optional view screen on.
0	BIG
0	grown
1	large paper tray, fast and crisp output
1	declamatory paper tray, fast and crisp output
1	Flexibilities, compactness, night photo, macro, super macro mode, many settings, my mode, historgram, accessories., 
1	flexibleness, compactness, night photo, macro, super macro mode, many settings, my mood, historgram, accessories., 
1	Lightweight and compact
1	whippersnapper and compact
1	Great Photos and two side printing
1	majuscule Photos and two side printing
0	Battery seems to run out pretty quickly.
0	Battery seems to scat out pretty quickly.
1	Sleek, fast and great photo prints
1	streamlined, fast and great photo prints
0	Poor Camera
0	hapless Camera
0	Plain, may have problem with slanted text
0	Plain, may have problem with one-sided text
0	a little big and heavy
0	a little self-aggrandizing and heavy
1	Tons of features, wireless internet.
1	dozens of features, wireless internet.
1	Cheap; works ok
1	Cheap; cultivate ok
0	Pics aren't as sharp
0	movie aren't as sharp
1	great for preschoolers
1	peachy for preschoolers
1	User friendly, small, excellent sound quality and reception
1	User friendly, small, excellent sound caliber and reception
1	Small, lightweight, has internet capability, many useful functions
1	little, lightweight, has internet capability, many useful functions
0	constantly having to re-charge the battery 
0	perpetually having to re-charge the battery 
0	THIS THING EATS BATTERIES LIKE MAD!, Poor Zoom quality &amp; shutter lag.
0	THIS THING EATS BATTERIES care excited!, Poor Zoom quality &amp; shutter lag.
1	good quality and reliable
1	practiced quality and reliable
0	Software problems, still not able to use USB cable
0	Software problems, allay not able to use USB cable
1	Great Resolution- Awesome Zoom-Led Screen -NIMH Rechargeable Batteries-4 Meg Internal Memory- 8 Meg Flash Card-Charger and great software
1	Great Resolution- Awesome Zoom-Led screenland -NIMH Rechargeable Batteries-4 Meg Internal Memory- 8 Meg swank Card-Charger and big software
0	not top of the line, junky
0	not top of the occupation, junky
1	none
1	none
1	quality of pictures, durability
1	quality of fancy, durability
1	Small, extra covers are cheap, AIM access
1	Small, extra covers are bum, AIM access
0	None
0	none
0	Not made for photographs
0	Not make for photographs
1	Versatility, picture quality, convenience
1	Versatility, characterisation quality, convenience
1	very high quality images, compact size
1	very high quality images, press size
1	Great signal, great features, ringtones, computer hookup
1	Great signal, keen features, ringtones, computer hookup
1	macro ability can't be beat, and the nikon lens is amazing.
1	macro ability can't be pound, and the nikon lens is stupefy.
0	Expensive and can get a bit complicated if you are fairly new shooter.
0	Expensive and can begin a fleck complicated if you are fairly new shooter.
1	Excellent durability, clear screen display, nice and LOUD ring tones and call volume & price.
1	Excellent durability, clean-cut screen display, nice and LOUD ring tonus and call volume & price.
1	compact, easy to use, good picture
1	compact, easily to use, good picture
0	Low megapixel camera, blurry display, weird button configuration, not as "sexy" as newer phones
0	Low megapixel camera, blurry presentation, weird clit configuration, not as "sexy" as newer phones
0	Sometimes not reliable.
0	Sometimes not true.
0	People might laugh at your love for the inanimate.
0	People might laugh at your passion for the inanimate.
0	Static is occasionally a problem
0	Static is occasionally a job
0	Uses a lot of ink and needs to be used regularly.
0	Uses a lot of ink and require to be employ regularly.
0	A little bit noisey
0	A footling bit noisey
0	weak ringer volume, small keys
0	feeble ringer volume, small keys
0	battery life seems short
0	battery life seems scant
1	Cheap, pretty dependable
1	Cheap, pretty secure
1	built in zoom, built in flash, has many different effects to play with
1	make in zoom, built in blink, has many different effects to play with
1	Menu driven, Sony CCD, Cannon lens, EASY hookup to computer, voice recording, movies
1	Menu driven, Sony CCD, Cannon lens, soft hookup to computer, articulation recording, movies
1	Lightweight,long battery life,usable worldwide,great sound(better than Nokia),web ready and more.
1	Lightweight,long battery life,usable world,great effectual(considerably than Nokia),web ready and more.
0	Have not determined any as of yet
0	let not determined any as of yet
0	a little bulky, flash is not automatic
0	a little bulky, flash is not reflex
0	A bit heavy on ink usage plus the ink cartridges are small.
0	A bit wakeless on ink usage addition the ink cartridges are small.
1	Perfect for 35mm SLR users, great price
1	staring for 35mm SLR users, great price
1	Small size, good signal reception, stylish, easy to read screen, more
1	pocket-sized size, proficient signal reception, stylish, easy to read screen, more
0	Had to replace once, nothing else. This phone is excellent.
0	Had to substitute once, null else. This phone is excellent.
1	Stores many pictures, no need to change film after 24 exposures!
1	Stores many pic, no need to change take after 24 exposures!
1	It's cheap, does the job for me
1	It's cheap, does the occupation for me
1	Carl Zeiss lens, clear sharp photos
1	Carl Zeiss lens, clear crisp photos
0	No camera, no pre-loaded games, not multi-country useable.
0	No camera, no pre-loaded stake, not multi-country useable.
0	Flimsy buttons, a bit slow on boot (very minor)
0	Flimsy buttons, a bit slow on boot (very pocket-size)
1	Small, lightweight
1	humble, lightweight
0	Not compatible with Windows 2000, memory card included is too small
0	Not compatible with Windows 2000, memory add-in included is too lowly
1	Changable Colors, Text Messaging, Sound Quality
1	Changable colourize, Text Messaging, Sound Quality
1	Great price. Useful, abundant and well thought out features. Excellent voice quality.
1	Great price. utile, abundant and well thought out features. Excellent voice lineament.
0	Wish controls were in front
0	Wish ascertain were in front
0	Jams, jams, jams...and a MAJOR problem withthe print heads.
0	Jams, crush, jams...and a MAJOR trouble withthe print heads.
1	Low maintenance, low price, reliable
1	Low maintenance, low price, dependable
0	Noisy, but not unbearably so
0	noisy, but not unbearably so
0	none that I can recall
0	none that I can retrieve
0	Hey HP, double check your software.
0	Hey HP, double tally your software.
0	The camera itself is fairly low quality and breaks too often.
0	The camera itself is fairly low timber and reveal too often.
0	Only prints a few pages before it jams up
0	lone prints a few pages before it jams up
0	Paper jams frequently, color pages are slow and fuzzy
0	Paper jam frequently, color pages are slow and fuzzy
1	Amazing pictures, easy and fast picture transfer, good flash.
1	Amazing photo, easy and fast picture transfer, good flash.
0	Only 4 MB CF card included, eats through batteries like there's no tomorrow
0	Only 4 MB CF board included, eats through batteries same there's no tomorrow
1	The price is the deception...
1	The price is the magic...
1	none
1	none
0	heavy! difficult to open and close
0	big! difficult to open and close
0	Takes a long time to print a page, noisy, several steps to install.
0	choose a long time to print a Page, noisy, several steps to install.
1	light weight, small, web ready
1	calorie-free weight, small, web ready
1	Great pictures, easy to use, many features, attractive styling
1	Great video, easy to use, many features, attractive styling
0	Piercing printing sound causes deafness and local dogs to show up at your door
0	Piercing printing sound causes deafness and local wienerwurst to point up at your door
0	a bit pricey, lens cap
0	a bit pricey, lens crown
1	Very convenient, good pictures. I've been using it for more than three years
1	Very convenient, adept pictures. I've been using it for more than triad years
1	Easy to use, Ink Provided, A strong home printer
1	well-heeled to use, Ink Provided, A strong home printer
0	Batteries die quickly, but with good rechargables, who cares.
0	Batteries die quickly, but with good rechargables, who charge.
0	Why do I get this random form feed?
0	Why do I get this random conformation feed?
1	No film, No film developing costs, convenience
1	No pic, No film developing costs, convenience
1	excellent quality and decent price
1	excellent quality and nice price
1	nice appearance, clear speaker phone, stores more than 200 text messages at a time
1	overnice appearance, decipherable speaker phone, stores more than 200 text messages at a time
1	Affordable, easy to use
1	Affordable, well-fixed to use
0	Technology changes
0	Technology change
1	USB Setup - a bear!
1	USB Setup - a abide!
1	Very easy to use.
1	Very easy to utilization.
1	Fantastic picture quality, easy to use once you learn the controls
1	Fantastic delineation quality, easy to manipulation once you learn the controls
1	Good entry level printer
1	Good entry raze printer
0	none
0	none
1	You get to go to the nextel store every four months to get it fix.
1	You draw to go to the nextel store every quaternion months to generate it fix.
0	Not really any cons for this phone.
0	Not really any nobble for this phone.
0	Cartridges cost a bit, USB and Parallel cable not included
0	Cartridges toll a turn, USB and Parallel cable not included
1	Full featured, easy to carry
1	Full featured, easy to stockpile
0	slow transfer time
0	dense transfer time
1	No additional hard/software needed
1	No additional firmly/software needed
0	Expensive ink cartridges. Slow color printing. Loud paper feeder. Not for high volume use.
0	Expensive ink cartridges. Slow color printing. flash paper feeder. Not for high volume utilization.
1	Outstanding quality, Physical appearance is good, Easy to use, Good software
1	Outstanding quality, Physical appearance is good, easily to use, secure software
0	inks not compatible with all papers
0	ink not compatible with all papers
1	Great performance for the price
1	smashing performance for the price
1	The 2003 version has all the bells and whistles with one major exception.
1	The 2003 reading has all the chime and whistles with one major exception.
1	Camera, good battery life, lots of features, sound quality
1	Camera, good battery lifespan, lots of features, sound quality
0	timeouts/freezes up
0	timeouts/freezing up
0	None yet!
0	None withal!
1	It was cheap.
1	It was gaudy.
1	Speed, ease of use, rarely jams, price
1	Speed, relieve of use, rarely jams, price
0	No optical zoom, Lens unprotected, No cover, Battery consumption is high
0	No optical zoom, Lens unprotected, No screen, Battery consumption is mellow
1	Price, looks, good quality
1	Price, looks, estimable quality
0	pay long distance for tech support
0	pay long distance for tech keep
0	It gets hot after 20 minutes of use and not enough speed dial locations.
0	It stick hot after 20 minutes of use and not sufficiency speed dial locations.
1	It folds with no problem!!!!
1	It faithful with no problem!!!!
1	Tons of features, speakerphone, voice dial.
1	Tons of sport, speakerphone, voice dial.
1	Some cool features--CDPD, programmable ringtones, etc.
1	about cool features--CDPD, programmable ringtones, etc.
1	Its small and compact
1	Its small and thickset
1	Lightweight, Good Quality, Easy to Maneuver
1	Lightweight, beneficial Quality, Easy to Maneuver
0	None that I have found yet.
0	None that I have establish yet.
0	Antenna is LARGE. Wired headset is connected at the bottom of the phone.
0	Antenna is great. Wired headset is connected at the behind of the phone.
1	Tiny, Cute, Easy to use, great battery life
1	Tiny, Cute, sluttish to use, great battery life
1	Small, lightweight, includes good software
1	Small, lightweight, includes sound software
1	decent quality printing, easy to use
1	decent quality publish, easy to use
0	Staff Complained That It Ran Out of Toner Too Fast
0	faculty Complained That It Ran Out of Toner also Fast
1	Half the price it used to be...Video/mp3/stills PLAYS MP3PROS!!!
1	Half the price it put-upon to be...Video/mp3/lull PLAYS MP3PROS!!!
0	Easy To use , and Elegant black
0	well-situated To use , and Elegant black
0	flash too bright, no case, 8mb stick included, expensive
0	flash too shining, no case, 8mb stick included, expensive
1	smart camera for family photos or fun, friendly photos
1	ache camera for family photos or fun, friendly photos
0	No ability to disable t-9. No included software for scheduler. No ring tones
0	No ability to disable t-9. nobelium included software for scheduler. No pack tones
0	still searchin...
0	relieve searchin...
0	Stingy compact flash, lack of ac adapter
0	Stingy press flash, lack of ac adapter
0	small ink cartrige
0	modest ink cartrige
0	Drains batteries and viewfinder provides a deceiving image
0	Drains bombardment and viewfinder provides a deceiving image
0	bluetooth did not work with my car, menus, phonebook, computer sync.
0	bluetooth did not mold with my car, menus, phonebook, figurer sync.
1	Easy enough for beginners, plus lots of options for advanced users.
1	Easy enough for beginners, plus wad of options for boost users.
0	Takes two cartridges like most, they are expensive
0	withdraw two cartridges like most, they are expensive
1	Good printing speed, excellent quality, reasonable price
1	Good printing speed, fantabulous quality, reasonable price
0	Reliability
0	dependability
1	Great phone and affordable.
1	Great earpiece and affordable.
0	No melody rings : c (
0	No melody peal : c (
0	Doesn't last long; Instable battery life.
0	Doesn't last long; Instable battery liveliness.
0	Wireless provider will determine your happiness
0	Wireless provider will settle your happiness
1	Great Price, Average Picture Quality, Relatively small, USB Connectivity, 4MB Memory
1	Great Price, Average visualise calibre, Relatively small, USB Connectivity, 4MB Memory
0	Fragile, headset compatibility
0	frail, headset compatibility
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Reliable, prosperous size, clear profound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
0	Bare Bones warranty and support (possibly not for Canada), high ink prices.
0	Bare pearl warranty and support (perchance not for Canada), high ink prices.
1	Sound Quality, Reception and features.
1	well-grounded Quality, Reception and features.
1	Ultra-light and Portable.
1	Ultra-light and portable.
0	nothing
0	zip
1	Works well
1	Works comfortably
1	Cheap, easy to use, fair quality.
1	Cheap, easy to practice, fair quality.
0	Poor battery life.  Poor quality of Picture.  Does not live up to SONY quality standards.
0	Poor battery life.  Poor quality of impression.  Does not last up to SONY prize standards.
1	Lightweight, Attractive
1	whippersnapper, Attractive
0	Flash is too bright, stationery LCD, shutter delay.
0	swank is too bright, stationery LCD, shutter delay.
1	Flashing lights, customizable look, easy to use, durable, good reception
1	Flashing lights, customizable look, gentle to use, indestructible, good reception
1	individual ink tanks, quality and speed
1	individual ink cooler, quality and speed
0	Poor battery life.  Software issues.  Cheap.
0	Poor battery life.  Software release.  Cheap.
0	Buggy software drivers.
0	dotty software drivers.
1	Lightweight, free standing when folded.  Super comfy!
1	jackanapes, free standing when folded.  Super comfy!
1	Solid design, excellent ergonomics, extremely easy to transition out of film photography.
1	Solid design, splendid ergonomics, extremely well-situated to transition out of film photography.
1	Small&#13;&#10;Nice display
1	belittled&#13;&#10;Nice display
1	TFT Color screen, lots of features, especially interesting ringers, java, awesome looking, slim!!
1	TFT Color screen, hatful of features, especially interesting ringers, java, awesome looking, reduce!!
0	Two models we tried simply didn't work.
0	Two models we stress simply didn't work.
1	Great output and scanning, easy to use and setup, cleans up your computer desk!
1	expectant output and scanning, well-off to use and setup, cleans up your computer desk!
1	Small, ext. CID, Scheduler w/ repeating events, voice dial
1	minor, ext. CID, Scheduler w/ repeating events, voice dial
1	Great text, good photos, accurate color, ink goes a long way, and prints pretty quietly
1	Great text, good photos, accurate colourize, ink proceed a prospicient way, and prints pretty quietly
1	Fast,quality prints b&amp;w prints at a good price.
1	Fast,quality prints b&amp;w prints at a sound Price.
1	quality printing
1	quality print
1	features, portability
1	lineament, portability
1	holds lots of pictures 
1	admit lots of pictures 
1	Long zoom lens, Great features, great photos, Sturdy and well built
1	foresighted zoom lens, Great features, great photos, Sturdy and well make
1	CAMERA ZONE, CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA Advertise low prices they do not honor!
1	CAMERA ZONE, CAMERA reasoned, COMPDIRECT and breakthrough CAMERA Advertise low-spirited prices they do not honor!
0	Color not as good with cheap paper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized paper.
0	Color not as ripe with meretricious paper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized paper.
0	lens design flaw
0	lens intent flaw
0	No User Guide Book included (PDF only). Phone menu options: inconsistent.  Ease-of-use: terrible.
0	no User template Book included (PDF only). Phone menu options: inconsistent.  Ease-of-use: terrible.
0	expensive for extras
0	expensive for extra
1	Faster than our old one
1	profligate than our old one
0	Uses batteries quickly.
0	manipulation batteries quickly.
1	Inexpensive, Good picture quality
1	Inexpensive, Good depict quality
0	Different shape, $$
0	Different cast, $$
0	none!
0	none!
1	Twin screen, small & very stylish
1	Twin cover, small & very stylish
1	Looks pretty
1	smell pretty
0	A little bigger than others
0	A piffling bigger than others
1	photo quality
1	photo prize
0	Cartridge cost
0	magazine cost
1	look, price
1	look, toll
0	quickly dying speaker, screen malfunctions, numerous failed calls
0	quickly dying loudspeaker, screen malfunctions, numerous failed calls
0	Got a little squeaky after 6 months of use.
0	convey a little squeaky after 6 months of use.
0	You'll enjoy the camera so much you'll spend all your money on floppies!
0	You'll revel the camera so practically you'll spend all your money on floppies!
1	great learning manual, good price, excellent photos, great zoom
1	cracking learning manual, good price, excellent photos, great zoom
1	image quality, macro mode, ease of use, battery life, cool looks
1	image select, macro mode, ease of use, battery life, cool count
0	none
0	none
0	camera is only 1.3mp, internal memory is only 5.5mb
0	camera is only I.3mp, home memory is only 5.5mb
0	Price of ink cartridges
0	Price of ink cartridge
1	Can print very well at times, fairly priced
1	stern print very well at times, fairly priced
1	Very Nice Looking, Status symbol, more ring tones, external display
1	Very Nice Looking, Status symbol, more peal tones, international display
1	Quality, recording on disquettes
1	Quality, tape on disquettes
0	can not hang heavy bags on the handle
0	can not knack heavy bags on the handle
0	Software has limited editing capabilities.
0	Software has limited editing capacity.
0	No key lock to prevent accidental calls, unintuitive web navigation
0	No key curl to prevent accidental name, unintuitive web navigation
0	No lens cover, no optical zoom, thin and fragile battery and CF doors
0	No lens screen, no optical zoom, thin and slight battery and CF doors
1	Great quality pics, even in low light
1	Great quality pics, even in crushed light
1	Great resolution, great features, cheap compared to other cameras.
1	Great resolution, great features, cheesy compared to other cameras.
1	It prints nice and clear copies 
1	It prints nice and unclutter copies 
0	Printer jams very easily.
0	printer jams very easily.
1	awesome picture quality, endless movie capability, customized settings, pretty easy to figure out.
1	awesome depiction quality, endless movie capability, customized settings, pretty tardily to figure out.
1	Nice Looking, good Bluetooth and Voice Dialing
1	skillful Looking, good Bluetooth and Voice Dialing
1	Great pictures, Very easy to use.  
1	bang-up pictures, Very easy to use.  
0	Canon BJC 2110:  cheap print quality, bland colors, SLOW
0	Canon BJC 2110:  cheap print quality, flavourless colors, SLOW
0	storage is limited to 1.44mb
0	entrepot is limited to 1.44mb
1	great digital video, camera, loud speaker, and very good reception.
1	great digital video, camera, loud speaker, and very estimable response.
1	Very good quality prints
1	Very just quality prints
1	Good Quad band world phone. Bluetooth, Camera, great connectivity. Must have for a Geek/Gadget Freak.
1	upright Quad band world phone. Bluetooth, Camera, great connectivity. must have for a flake/Gadget Freak.
0	Does not do well on uneven sidewalks.
0	Does not do easily on uneven sidewalks.
0	Flip-tops are more convenient.
0	Flip-tops are more commodious.
0	none
0	none
1	large color screen, decent battery, looks nice, cheap
1	magnanimous color screen, decent battery, looks nice, cheap
1	Superior Print Quality;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Low Printer Purchase Price;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of Installation&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Superior Print Quality;&amp;#13;&AMP;#10;Low Printer Purchase cost;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of Installation&amp;#13;&ampere;#tenner;
1	Fast; affordable; top-quality text output
1	Fast; affordable; top-quality text outturn
1	Good speed for price, nice color output, ease of setting up.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	honest speed for price, prissy color output, ease of setting up.&AMP;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Overkill for the beginner.  Memory and batteries a must.
0	Overkill for the tyro.  Memory and batteries a must.
0	You will need something better eventually
0	You will need something advantageously eventually
1	Small, stylish, feature packed, easy to learn and use
1	minor, stylish, feature packed, easy to learn and use
0	It is very expensive!
0	IT is very expensive!
0	Poor quality, holds hardly any paper.
0	Poor quality, holds hardly any theme.
1	Relatively slim, compact, very neat sliding feature, quality build, vivid display, and much more!
1	Relatively slim, compact, very orderly sliding feature, quality build, vivid display, and practically more!
1	Color Screen, Internet, speaker phone
1	Color Screen, Internet, speaker sound
1	most wanted features at an affordable price.
1	most wanted lineament at an affordable price.
1	great picture quality
1	great envision quality
0	resolution only goes up to 640x480, only handles 8mg smartmedia cards
0	resolution only rifle up to 640x480, only handles 8mg smartmedia notice
1	3-position recline, can be forward or rear facing, easy to maneuver, big hood  
1	3-position recline, can be forward-moving or rear facing, easy to maneuver, swelled hood  
0	Includes only 8Mb card. Too many features.
0	admit only 8Mb card. Too many features.
1	quality prints-software great-good use of ink
1	quality prints-software great-good exercise of ink
1	Very portable, accurate color, very well made, incredible!
1	Very portable, exact color, very well made, incredible!
0	Taking pictures in low light situations
0	Taking pictures in first light situations
1	IS SMALL SIZE AND AND FLOPPY DISK OPTION EXCELLENT QUALITY.
1	exist SMALL SIZE AND AND FLOPPY DISK OPTION first-class QUALITY.
0	Above 4.8x zoom don't expect clarity. 
0	Above quatern.8x zoom don't expect clarity. 
1	Nice display, good battery life, reception anywhere, cool voice dial,
1	Nice display, good shelling life-time, reception anywhere, cool voice dial,
1	Small footprint, easy set up.
1	Small footprint, easy circle up.
1	Laser printer. Size.
1	Laser printer. size.
1	Great quality images, very affordable, and easy to use 
1	Great quality images, very affordable, and easygoing to use 
0	Big noises, software crashes
0	cock-a-hoop noises, software crashes
0	Poor Reception, Battery life, Ring tones and Cheap Casing
0	Poor Reception, Battery life, echo tones and Cheap Casing
1	Great pictures, lightweight, easy to use
1	Great delineation, lightweight, easy to use
0	Scan refuses to work.  Incompatible with Windows XP.  Compatibility software written by Xerox inadequate. 
0	Scan defy to shape.  Incompatible with Windows XP.  Compatibility software written by Xerox inadequate. 
1	By far easiest to use; camera &amp; software of any Digitals on the market
1	By far easygoing to utilisation; camera &amp; software of any Digitals on the market
1	great for kids&amp;amp;e-mail
1	bang-up for kids&amp;amp;e-mail
0	Waterspots on some pictures, battery life could be better, hard to capture close-up photos, upload to computer on the slow side.
0	Waterspots on some painting, battery life could be honest, hard to catch close-up photos, upload to computer on the slow position.
1	Small, attractive design, nice interface, high degree of multifunctionality
1	Small, attractive invention, nice interface, high degree of multifunctionality
0	A bit heavy, short battery life
0	A bit backbreaking, short battery life
1	inexpensive, crisp, vivid text and color presentations
1	inexpensive, terse, vivid text and color presentations
0	No alarm clock status icon, alarm doesn't sound if phone is off.
0	No alarm clock status icon, alarm doesn't reasoned if earpiece is off.
0	Big, no games, counter-intuitive, badly designed, bad earpiece
0	gravid, no games, counter-intuitive, badly designed, bad earpiece
1	Easy Installation, Fast
1	Easy Installation, debauched
1	Print Quality, USB, Speed, Price 
1	Print Quality, USB, Speed, toll 
0	No live conference video. It's just a RAZR in disguise with some new features.
0	No lively conference video. It's just a RAZR in disguise with some freshly features.
0	Comes with small amount of memory (8mb); No built in rechargable batteries.
0	Comes with lowly amount of storage (8mb); No built in rechargable batteries.
1	looks great, small
1	looks great, lowly
0	Short battery life, Mac software difficult to install, troubleshoot, compact flash memory card has limited capacity
0	Short battery life, Mac software difficult to install, trouble-shoot, heavyset flash memory card has trammel capacity
0	none
0	none
1	Great little phone, stylish and functional
1	neat little phone, stylish and functional
1	Everything about this camera is a plus.
1	Everything about this camera is a positive.
0	Lens Cap, Expensive Battery
0	Lens jacket, Expensive Battery
0	Battery Life
0	Battery sprightliness
0	Sound quality, weak analog mode
0	Sound quality, weakly analog mode
1	Fast color print and great quality
1	Fast colour print and great quality
1	Small, sleek, sturdy,world-class, recognizable
1	Small, sleek, tough,world-class, recognizable
0	Support and parts are difficult.
0	Support and break are difficult.
1	Great quality, easy to use
1	groovy quality, easy to use
1	real easy to use
1	real easy to utilize
0	charger acts up
0	charger move up
0	not a great vibrate function
0	not a swell vibrate function
1	fast printing
1	fast impression
1	TINY size, STEEL body, great design!
1	TINY size, STEEL body, expectant design!
0	IT ISN'T FREE :(
0	IT ISN'T free :(
0	Kind of noisy
0	genial of noisy
0	zoom doesn't work very good, hard to find accessories, slightly bulky
0	zoom doesn't cultivate very good, hard to witness accessories, slightly bulky
0	None
0	none
0	No Zoom, Software Stinks, Picture Transfer is S-L-O-W
0	No Zoom, Software Stinks, depict Transfer is S-L-O-W
1	Movie mode
1	Movie mood
1	It prints fast, easy to set up, print quality is great, and Ink indicator
1	It prints fast, easy to solidifying up, print quality is neat, and Ink indicator
0	Rebate ending soon!
0	Rebate end soon!
1	Quality of photo prints.  Smartmedia and Compactflash interface.  Print speed.
1	quality of photo impress.  Smartmedia and Compactflash interface.  Print speed.
0	uses batteries faster than you can sneeze, no zoom
0	expend batteries faster than you can sneeze, no zoom
0	Price, Bulky
0	cost, Bulky
1	Excellent quality prints for publication,small desk footprint
1	Excellent quality prints for publication,small desk step
0	Few and far between
0	Few and FAR between
1	Super print-quality, quiet, leaps, simply all around good&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Super print-quality, repose, jump, simply all around good&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	good menu interface, durable, no static,&#13;&#10;can fit in pocket
1	safe menu interface, long-lasting, no static,&#13;&#10;can fit in pocket
0	Battery life. Signal strength.
0	Battery liveliness. Signal strength.
1	versatile, great print quality and scans nicely
1	versatile, great publish quality and scans nicely
1	Sleek, improved from 4400, better battery life, good screen, belt clip improved
1	Sleek, improved from 4400, wagerer battery life, good covert, belt clip improved
0	can be hard to hear on
0	can be heavy to hear on
0	Manual - Phone functions - buttons - menues
0	manual - Phone functions - buttons - menues
0	None, it's an excelent unexpensive phone.
0	None, it's an excelent unexpensive earpiece.
1	Stylish, sturdy, light, good features.
1	Stylish, sturdy, light, upright features.
1	The only stroller you will ever need! 
1	The only go-cart you will ever need! 
0	Not good printing quality
0	Not adept printing quality
0	to much
0	to lots
0	None
0	none
1	Color display, games, web-browser, everything else.
1	Color display, gage, web-browser, everything else.
0	Battery life could be better.
0	Battery life could be meliorate.
0	Zoom could be better
0	Zoom could be unspoilt
1	Too many to list
1	too many to list
0	Slow menus, buggy software, screen unreadable with backlight off
0	Slow menus, buggy software, covert unreadable with backlight off
1	Good size, great reception, easy to use menus
1	Good size, bang-up reception, easy to use menus
0	Poor battery life, poor reception, slow charge time
0	Poor battery lifetime, poor reception, slow charge time
1	Easy to use, good clear picture, good software.
1	gentle to use, good clear picture, good software.
1	Print Quality &amp;amp; Reliability
1	Print character &amp;amp; Reliability
1	Excellent durability, more than adequate memory, many really cool features.
1	Excellent lastingness, more than adequate memory, many very cool features.
1	Easy to use; Compact & Lightweight; No antenna; Color Screen with animation!
1	Easy to habit; Compact & whippersnapper; No antenna; Color Screen with animation!
1	its pretty and takes nice pictures
1	its pretty and takes nice word-painting
0	None 
0	none 
0	Frequent crashes that wipe out the databases make this a novelty, not a business tool.
0	Frequent clangoring that wipe out the databases realize this a freshness, not a business tool.
0	Doesn't work very often
0	Doesn't bring very often
1	Good price- extremely affordable,  great quality, very easy to setup and install
1	beneficial price- extremely affordable,  big quality, very easy to setup and install
0	slow
0	slacken
0	The Battery life. Samsung PC Studio3 doesn't work.
0	The Battery life. Samsung PC Studio3 doesn't turn.
0	Expensive extras that must be added
0	Expensive extras that moldiness be added
0	Flat feed scanner can be limiting. 
0	Flat feed scanner can be confine. 
1	Easy for a beginner to use!
1	Easy for a beginner to consumption!
0	battery eater, horrible menu, but you get what you pay for
0	battery eater, horrifying menu, but you nonplus what you pay for
0	Don't buy for it's scanning capabilities...
0	Don't bargain for it's scanning capabilities...
0	low battery life, not very loud
0	humbled battery life, not very loud
1	Superb call clarity. Bright screen.
1	Superb call clarity. Bright covert.
0	Battery life (as with all digital cameras)
0	Battery sprightliness (as with all digital cameras)
0	No optical zoom and rechargeable batteries not included.
0	No optical zoom and rechargeable bombardment not included.
1	Prints nicely when it prints.
1	Prints nicely when it mark.
0	Definitaly use  an Adapter
0	Definitaly manipulation  an Adapter
1	Loads of functions and effects, All you need from a camera for a beginners price
1	oodles of functions and issue, All you necessitate from a camera for a beginners price
0	Uses a lot of ink
0	Uses a peck of ink
1	light weight; has functions; takes pictures
1	light weight; has functions; takes envision
0	Really cannot think of any
0	Really cannot mean of any
0	Small size for big hands
0	belittled size for big hands
1	Easy to install and set up.
1	Easy to install and plant up.
0	They should give you a free printer after purchasing 5 cartridges.
0	They should give you a gratuitous printer after purchasing fivesome cartridges.
1	Easy to use, 2" LCD screen, use of Digita scripts, professional image quality, 3x zoom
1	easily to habituate, 2" LCD screen, expend of Digita scripts, professional image quality, 3x zoom
1	Cheap and Small
1	tatty and Small
1	3.2 Megapixels, ultra compact, Improved Control Layout, tough metal body, 
1	3.2 Megapixels, ultra heavyset, Improved Control Layout, ruffian metal body, 
0	Long learning curve for some; delicate mechanisms; no longer sold!
0	retentive learning slew for some; delicate mechanisms; no longer sold!
0	No optical zoom, flash can be too bright, review on lcd can be slow
0	No optical zoom, twinkling can be too bright, reassessment on lcd can be slow
1	Clarity
1	lucidity
0	Battery life, cuts in and out, key placement makes dialing difficult
0	Battery life, foreshorten in and out, key placement piss dialing difficult
1	Cutting edge, reliable, efficient, & feature-rich
1	rationalise edge, reliable, efficient, & feature-rich
0	Doesn't have a calendar or other fancy PDA like tools
0	Doesn't have a calendar or other visualise PDA like dick
0	Lots of problems (limited to XP, possiblly)
0	pot of problems (limited to XP, possiblly)
0	Signal Loss sometimes, a little heavy and thick
0	Signal Loss sometimes, a little intemperate and thick
1	Pretty displays, SIM Card, Polyphonic ringtones
1	Pretty displays, SIM menu, Polyphonic ringtones
1	CD-R media, view online with any CD ROM, shoot and fire MPEGs
1	CD-R media, view online with any CD ROM, buck and attack MPEGs
0	Average color printing quality
0	Average gloss printing quality
1	Easy to hookup/install,, Easy to Use, HIGH quality printing, scanning, and copies
1	Easy to hookup/install,, Easy to Use, gamey prize printing, scanning, and copies
1	good size, excellent reception, voice dialing
1	unspoiled size, excellent reception, voice dialing
1	new technology, CD-R storage, 2.1 megapixels
1	new technology, CD-R storage, 2.I megapixels
1	Size,  sound quality, and appearance
1	Size,  sound character, and appearance
1	image quality, video w sound
1	image quality, video w legal
0	None yet, but I'll keep you posted!
0	None yet, but I'll observe you posted!
0	Major paper feed problems
0	major paper feed problems
1	Excellent price, quality of pics, and durable
1	Excellent price, quality of pic, and durable
0	Poor battery life, weak signal, less web features from vision than promised
0	Poor battery biography, weak indicate, less web features from vision than promised
1	Picture quality, storage, easy of use, small size, great value
1	Picture quality, storage, well-situated of use, humble size, great value
0	Does not have a shoulder strap and carry bag.
0	Does not have a shoulder strap and carry purse.
0	Small viewfinder, hard to focus.
0	pocket-sized viewfinder, hard to focus.
0	Slightly slow menus but even then it makes up for itself
0	Slightly retard menus but even then it earn up for itself
1	Ease of use, inexpensive, all accessories included, a good first digital camera.
1	Ease of consumption, inexpensive, all accessories included, a dependable first digital camera.
1	Easy instructions and software.  Compact, durable and light-weight.
1	loose instructions and software.  Compact, durable and light-weight.
0	Bad Pictures.
0	Bad depiction.
0	Mobile internet could be better
0	Mobile internet could be improve
1	Infra-red, Color screen, Polyphonic ringtones,GPRS
1	Infra-red, discolor screen, Polyphonic ringtones,GPRS
1	Clear, crisp prints at an affordable price
1	crystallise, crisp prints at an affordable price
1	Games,design,NO ANTENNA!,color screen
1	back,design,NO ANTENNA!,color screen
0	unclear pictures, wait time, battery use, 
0	unclear pictures, wait time, battery apply, 
1	Good, solid camera, suitable for the everyday user
1	Good, solid camera, suited for the everyday user
0	Price, Proprietary Battery.
0	terms, Proprietary Battery.
1	It has a great program for printing your pictures.It is easy to use.It takes just minutes to upload your pictures and begin printing them out.
1	It has a bully platform for printing your visualise.It is sluttish to use.It takes just minutes to upload your pictures and start printing them out.
1	None that I can think of, well it is fairly small
1	None that I can recollect of, well it is somewhat small
1	Web access, large screen, external caller ID
1	Web admittance, large screen, external caller ID
0	size, not a lot of "latest" features
0	size, not a pile of "latest" features
0	Slow, big, expensive cartridges
0	Slow, liberal, expensive cartridges
0	Battery life
0	Battery sprightliness
0	Volume,No Calender, No date on screen
0	Volume,No Calender, No escort on screen
1	Great phone with color screen awesome browser organizer and configurability
1	Great ring with colorise screen awesome browser organizer and configurability
0	Standby reception is awful. Many "No Service" reports where service EXISTS.
0	Standby reception is awesome. Many "No Service" reputation where service EXISTS.
0	cant think of one.
0	cant think of peerless.
1	A great printer at a good price.
1	a great printer at a good price.
0	Smudging
0	smear
1	Great photo output, no dots
1	Great photo output, no superman
1	cheap, simple to use, fast picture download
1	loud, simple to use, fast picture download
1	none
1	none
1	Price, print quality, speed
1	Price, print quality, swiftness
0	small basket
0	small basketful
0	Battery life is short, slow recharge between picture shots
0	Battery life is short, slow recharge between characterization shots
0	have to press too hard to take picture, red-eye is obvious even with red-eye option on, hard to find accessories
0	have to closet too hard to take show, red-eye is obvious still with red-eye option on, hard to incur accessories
1	Beautiful output, when it works
1	Beautiful output, when it forge
1	Fast, great print quality 
1	riotous, great print quality 
0	printing photos is hard for me
0	printing photos is punishing for me
1	Multi task item fast and easy
1	Multi chore item fast and easy
1	- better than the handspring treo 300
1	- adept than the handspring treo 300
0	Larger Than Average in Size.
0	Larger Than median in Size.
0	sometimes it doesnt even dial!
0	sometimes it doesnt fifty-fifty dial!
0	Really bad scanner and awkward software
0	Really regretful scanner and awkward software
1	Great convenience and capability in a small, usable package.
1	Great convenience and capability in a minor, usable package.
1	it's colored and has polyphonic ring tones
1	it's colored and has polyphonic ring tint
0	Lacks many newer features
0	Lacks many newer sport
0	Few manual features
0	Few manual characteristic
1	narrow, easy to get through doors and aisles
1	narrow, prosperous to get through doors and aisles
0	runs out of ink quickly depending on how much ink you actually push.  There are better printers for this catagory
0	play out of ink quickly depending on how much ink you really press.  There are punter printers for this catagory
1	Great color, 8x10 px, 2.11MP, FAST recycle, Tiny Jewel!
1	nifty colourise, 8x10 px, 2.11MP, FAST recycle, Tiny Jewel!
0	Slow color printing, expensive toner.
0	Slow coloration printing, expensive toner.
0	slow color printing
0	slow coloration printing
0	Phantom messages. Uncomfortable over time
0	shadow messages. Uncomfortable over time
0	Needs day light when used as web cam, no flash, manual focus.
0	Needs day light when used as WWW cam, no ostentate, manual focus.
0	ringers ringers ringers.  not loud enough and crappy selection. menus are not straight forward
0	toller ringers ringers.  not cheap enough and crappy selection. menus are not straight forward
1	Brilliant color screen, small profile, highly visible backlit keys.
1	Brilliant color screen, small profile, highly visible backlit key.
1	1 Device for everything
1	single Device for everything
1	Feature rich, good reception, stylish
1	Feature rich, good reception, fashionable
0	You go through too many batteries, can't use rechargable ones
0	You X through too many batteries, can't employment rechargable ones
1	great pictures, extra features, easy to use, and good software included
1	great photo, superfluous features, easy to use, and good software included
0	lens cap and required extra purchases
0	lens cap and compulsory extra purchases
0	None.
0	none.
1	Excellent Image Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Solid Build&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Automatic lens cover&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Unlimited length movie clips
1	Excellent visualise Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;strong Build&amp;#thirteen;&amp;#decade;Automatic lens cover&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Unlimited length movie clips
1	Good Print Quality for the money
1	Good Print quality for the money
1	Excellent merging of 2 technologies into one cool product.
1	Excellent meld of 2 technologies into one cool product.
1	smooth ride, easy to open/close
1	fluid ride, easy to open/close
1	Small size, light weight, clear reception.
1	Small size, light weight, exculpate reception.
1	takes nice qaulity photos, easy to use
1	get nice qaulity photos, easy to use
0	Zoom Response is a Little Slow
0	whizz Response is a Little Slow
0	Not networkable, some functions hard to figure out without manual.
0	Not networkable, some functions arduous to estimate out without manual.
0	none so far
0	none so Interahamwe
1	Extensive printing options, high print quality, drop-modulation technology, separate ink tanks, bi-directional printing, scanner function, copes with various paper types/sizes and is cheap.
1	Extensive printing options, high print quality, drop-modulation technology, separate ink tanks, bi-directional printing, scanner function, snitch with assorted wallpaper eccentric/sizes and is cheap.
1	Optical quality, size, software, Picture quality
1	Optical character, size, software, Picture quality
0	sta away from the tdma digital star tac...bad startac! badstartac!
0	sta out from the tdma digital ace tac...bad startac! badstartac!
0	A little uncomfortable for long conversations.
0	A picayune uncomfortable for long conversations.
1	clear, small, lightweight
1	vindicated, small, lightweight
0	Clogs , consumes ink, lousy quality construction, frequent paper jams.
0	Clogs , consumes ink, lousy caliber construction, frequent paper jams.
0	Short battery life, toggle button hard to use and unreliable
0	Short battery life, toggle clit hard to habituate and unreliable
0	See Below.
0	view Below.
0	doesn't come with windows me drivers
0	doesn't come with windowpane me drivers
0	Some lighting issues (but could be user error!)
0	Some lighting issue (but could be user error!)
1	Image quality, low cost cds,long life battery
1	Image quality, broken cost cds,long life battery
1	affordability
1	affordability
0	Not many choices feature wise
0	Not many choices lineament wise
1	Outstanding print quality and speed.
1	prominent print quality and speed.
0	LCD hard to see in the sun, bad red eye
0	LCD punishing to see in the sun, bad cherry-red eye
0	High cost, battery consumption
0	High price, battery consumption
0	expensive, bulky, somewhat slow
0	expensive, bulky, moderately slow
0	Computer editing tool is slow
0	Computer editing shaft is slow
0	Small memory stick, limited manual settings. No sound on movie mode.
0	Small memory cleave, limited manual settings. No wakeless on movie mode.
0	4M card.
0	4M poster.
1	Polyphonic Ring Tones, Color Screen, E-Mail Capabilities
1	Polyphonic Ring Tones, coloration Screen, E-Mail Capabilities
0	A bit larger than the non-SLRs, some bugs in handling the 32MB Smartmedia card
0	A bite larger than the non-SLRs, some bugs in handling the 32MB Smartmedia placard
0	Replacement Cartridges Are High
0	Replacement Cartridges constitute High
1	Decent pictures
1	Decent depict
1	Price and size.
1	toll and size.
0	Ancillary services are poor, such as PCS Vision, Ready-Link.
0	Ancillary services are inadequate, such as PCS Vision, Ready-Link.
0	activation process is a little long
0	activation process is a little farsighted
0	Horrible car kit, drops calls, people can't hear me.
0	Horrible car kit, drops birdcall, people can't hear me.
0	Interface is just Average, Confusing, Slow, Limited Memory, Battery Life
0	Interface is just Average, disconcert, Slow, Limited retentiveness, Battery Life
1	3x Optical zoom for under $200, good picture quality
1	3x Optical zoom for under $200, good picture timbre
1	Very comfortable to use.
1	Very comfortable to utilize.
0	Call volume insufficient in noisy environments; alarm function quit working.
0	Call volume insufficient in noisy environments; alarm function discontinue shape.
0	Digital view finder can not display images in low light.
0	Digital view finder can not display range in low loose.
1	Excellent image quality and expanded storage space
1	Excellent image timber and expanded storage space
0	None
0	none
1	3.34 megapixel,Macro ability, Best Image quality
1	3.34 megapixel,Macro ability, sound Image quality
1	Stylish, small foot print, priced right
1	Stylish, low foot print, priced right
1	Great phone, tons of features, easy to use
1	Great phone, tons of features, slowly to use
0	doesn't work in  some small communities
0	doesn't work in  some belittled communities
0	Lousy reception.
0	crappy reception.
0	No color
0	No colouring
0	Envelope feeding, Speed
0	Envelope feeding, rush
1	Great Printer, Great Print Quality
1	Great Printer, Great Print tone
0	poor hardware design, poor software functions. expensive inks and low pages/cartridge rate
0	poor hardware aim, pathetic software functions. expensive inks and low pages/cartridge rate
0	Programing
0	program
1	can be used in over 120 countries, light, voice dialing, cool looks
1	can be used in over 120 countries, promiscuous, voice dialing, cool count
1	Very good price, excellent quality in all functions.
1	Very undecomposed price, excellent quality in all functions.
0	None
0	none
0	very susceptible to water damage, a bit pricey
0	very susceptible to water wrong, a bit pricey
1	Loaded with features, easy to find accessories.  Camera available.
1	Loaded with features, easy to breakthrough accessories.  Camera available.
1	Nice standard ring tones; I like the flip phone style
1	courteous standard environ tones; I like the flip phone style
0	None
0	none
1	Excellent Image Quality, Easy to use, Easy grip shape. Professional lens and Amazing 5.24 megapixels.
1	excellent Image Quality, Easy to use, easily grip shape. Professional lens and Amazing Phoebe.24 megapixels.
0	does great video without sound though
0	does slap-up video without sound though
1	excellant printing, light weight, very durable!
1	excellant printing, illume weight, very durable!
0	Not good for organizing, not intuitive enough.
0	Not goodness for organizing, not intuitive enough.
0	Prints a little slowly when printing in color
0	Prints a little slowly when printing in colour
0	a bit slow
0	a burn slow
0	Eudora internet browsing does not support online secure transactions
0	Eudora internet browsing does not support online plug transactions
0	none
0	none
1	All in one, easy to set up &amp; use, great print quality
1	All in unrivaled, tardily to set up &amp; use, great print quality
0	Rebate ending soon!
0	Rebate end soon!
1	Price, Separate ink cartridges
1	Price, branch ink cartridges
0	faulty sensor extremely slow photo printing too loud vibrates too much   printer driver problems
0	faulty sensor extremely obtuse picture printing too loud vibrates too much   printer driver problems
0	Doesn't come w/rechargeable battery/AC power, 8Mb memory card isn't sufficient.
0	Doesn't come double-u/rechargeable battery/AC power, 8Mb memory placard isn't sufficient.
0	Should come with a power cord
0	Should occur with a power cord
0	No manual control, poor low light focusing, limited night time picture, limited macro
0	No manual control, poor low short focusing, limited night time envision, limited macro
0	could use a more durable antenna
0	could utilise a more durable antenna
0	Printer died after 18 months. Only option-- pay $423 for refurbished model!
0	Printer exit after 18 months. Only option-- give $423 for refurbished model!
1	Price/Performance, typical HP quality
1	Price/Performance, typical HP caliber
1	Small, lightweight, cool, voice dial ability, predictive text input
1	low, lightweight, cool, voice dial ability, predictive text input
1	Great Image Capacity
1	Great Image capability
0	A little pricey right now.
0	A little pricey correct now.
0	Small LCD screen
0	Small LCD sort
1	Lots of good features and runs of cheap, simple AA batteries.
1	band of dependable features and runs of cheap, simple AA batteries.
0	Power
0	baron
1	Good resolution and print quality
1	Good declaration and print quality
1	Excellent quality pictures, very easy to use and my first experience with digital photography.
1	Excellent quality show, very slowly to use and my first experience with digital photography.
1	Small and compact, the proof is in the pictures
1	Small and succinct, the proof is in the pictures
1	Easy, Convenient, Lightweight
1	Easy, convenient, Lightweight
0	some deadspots in suburbs, no way to turn off 'answer on flip open'
0	some deadspots in suburbs, no way to crook off 'answer on impudent open'
0	COLORs- short shell life
0	COLORs- short trounce life
1	great print quality
1	gravid print quality
0	Slow printing, Tech support says its toll free but to talk to a real person cost money
0	Slow printing, Tech supporting says its toll loose but to utter to a real person cost money
0	Handsfree jack and headset are a joke!
0	Handsfree knave and headset are a joke!
0	resolution and reliability
0	resolution and dependability
0	the interchangeable faceplates can be addicting..we are always shopping for more!!
0	the standardised faceplates can be addicting..we are always grass for more!!
0	Reception, Battery Life, Accessories, HEAT!!!
0	Reception, bombardment Life, Accessories, HEAT!!!
0	volume, accidental button push, display
0	volume, accidental button tug, display
1	customizable keys, battery life, appearance, IR sync with computer
1	customizable keys, battery spirit, appearance, IR sync with computer
0	You have to spring for fancy paper for best results
0	You have to spring for fantasy paper for just results
0	Pullup antenna looks fragile. But rarely will you need to pull it up.
0	Pullup antenna looks fragile. just rarely will you need to extract it up.
1	Color screen, insane battery life/talk time, small and light, Blutooth, GPRS.
1	coloring screen, insane battery life/talk time, small and low-cal, Blutooth, GPRS.
0	The battery life is not nearly as long as advertised.
0	The battery animation is not nearly as yearn as advertised.
0	don't have serial port, download hassle
0	don't have nonparallel port, download hassle
1	Solid Construction, Quiet
1	Solid Construction, hush
0	heavy
0	punishing
1	Cool appearance, great pics, simple to operate, video mode, great handling
1	aplomb appearance, great movie, simple to operate, video mode, great handling
0	None so far
0	None so Interahamwe
0	nothing so far
0	null so far
0	Sprint PCS charging to download almost anything for a limited time
0	Sprint PCS excite to download almost anything for a limit time
1	Small, Excellent Ergonomics, Long Battery Life, Good Clarity, Tri-Mode, Lots of Features and Accessories&#13;&#10;
1	small-scale, Excellent Ergonomics, Long Battery Life, safe Clarity, Tri-Mode, wad of Features and Accessories&#13;&#10;
1	Easy to use, reliable
1	sluttish to use, reliable
1	Durable, clear, and 2-way radio.
1	Durable, well-defined, and 2-way radio.
1	great pictures, easy to use, pro settings
1	great characterization, easy to use, pro settings
0	Heavier than my normal 35mm camera.
0	arduous than my normal 35mm camera.
1	easy to operate, good pictures
1	easy to manoeuver, good pictures
1	High quality photo printing as well as text and graphics.
1	High quality photo printing as advantageously as text and art.
0	drains batteries
0	drain batteries
0	*horrible* reception, cheap build,  did I mention horrible reception???
0	*horrible* reception, cheap build,  did unity mention horrible reception???
1	Absolutely None
1	Absolutely none
0	Bad lens...
0	unfit lens...
0	Needs expensive paper
0	postulate expensive paper
1	Great Stroller, Light Weight, Easy to Fold
1	peachy Stroller, Light Weight, Easy to Fold
1	Cheap(in price) reliable
1	flash(in price) reliable
0	Hard to find one in great shape now, buttons can wear out
0	Hard to find unmatchable in keen shape now, buttons can wear out
1	Size, Weight, Features, Low Radiation Level!
1	Size, Weight, Features, Low radioactivity Level!
1	beautiful, smooth ride, roomy for the baby, good storage, blocks sun and wind well, can be opened with one hand, reversible handlebar, can be used for newborns to 3 years old.
1	beautiful, smooth ride, roomy for the baby, proficient store, blocks sun and twist well, can be opened with one reach, reversible handlebar, can be used for newborns to terzetto geezerhood old.
1	super light, quick start up, long battery life, sturdy casing
1	super light, promptly start up, long battery life-time, sturdy casing
1	Cute, slim, cool light-up feature, camera, flip-phone, bluetooth capable
1	Cute, slenderize, cool light-up feature, camera, flip-phone, bluetooth capable
1	cutting edge design (no pun)
1	cutting edge design (no wordplay)
0	No view finder, No Red eye eliminator.
0	No watch finder, No Red eye eliminator.
0	it's just a shame that there's no radio included!!
0	it's just a shame that there's no radiocommunication included!!
1	Ultimate camera for its size
1	Ultimate camera for its sizing
1	Cost effective, good quality
1	Cost effective, proficient quality
1	Need i say more
1	motive i say more
0	no cons
0	no hustle
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
0	rickety VIBRATE! I can never feel the resonate on this phone!
1	Simple, small, great reception.
1	Simple, small, neat reception.
1	Price
1	toll
1	VERY Nice printer/scanner
1	VERY Nice pressman/scanner
1	Quality text and photo images
1	select text and photo images
0	some odd dithering on high resolution
0	some odd dithering on gamy resolution
1	Small and easy to use
1	Small and slowly to use
1	many features
1	many have
0	fax functionality is terrible, no simultaneous functions, can't collate multi-page copy jobs
0	fax functionality is terrible, no simultaneous serve, can't collate multi-page copy problem
1	Goes anywhere and is so easy to use
1	Goes anywhere and is so well-fixed to use
1	Crisp pics, movie capability, delete what you don't want.
1	Crisp pics, movie capability, erase what you don't want.
0	None yet (I'll update if I find some)
0	None yet (I'll update if I happen some)
1	Low price
1	Low toll
1	Price
1	toll
0	Not the best value
0	Not the best respect
0	Not for graphic or color prints jobs.
0	Not for pictorial or color prints jobs.
1	Small and durable; Takes Great Photos; 3x Optical Zoom; Easy to Use; Rechargable Battery
1	Small and durable; Takes bang-up Photos; 3x Optical Zoom; tardily to Use; Rechargable Battery
1	Small, cute.
1	pocket-size, cute.
1	Quality...  Speed...
1	lineament...  Speed...
1	COLOR Copy &amp;amp; Scan &amp;amp; Print in a single HP Product
1	COLOR Copy &amp;amp; Scan &AMP;amp; Print in a single horsepower Product
1	This phone can fit anywhere, it has world coverage, and is simple to use.
1	This phone can fit anywhere, it has worldwide coverage, and is simple to habit.
1	Great Value, space-saving, ink saving, high quality
1	Great Value, space-saving, ink saving, high character
1	cool ringer, nice size,hi-res color graphics
1	cool ringer, dainty size,hi-res color graphics
0	autofocus takes too long 
0	autofocus ingest too long 
1	very good optical zoom, very good picture quality even on 1M Fine resolution
1	very upright optic zoom, very good picture quality even on 1M Fine resolution
1	Beautiful design, Good reception, Holographic display
1	Beautiful blueprint, Good reception, Holographic display
1	High resolution, cheap.
1	High solvent, cheap.
1	Great Color, laser printer quality text, photocard slots, and more.
1	Great gloss, laser printer quality schoolbook, photocard slots, and more.
0	Battery Life, Software.
0	Battery life, Software.
0	flip button difficult to press at times
0	leaf button difficult to press at times
0	bulky, heavy, hard for short people to fold, wide
0	bulky, heavy, hard for short-circuit people to fold, wide
1	Cheap, comfortable and compact
1	tatty, comfortable and compact
1	Features, ISP access, All in One Convenience.
1	Features, ISP access, All in nonpareil Convenience.
1	Easy to use
1	easygoing to use
0	for constant use it eats up batteries
0	for constant use it eats up battery
1	Great image resolution and some ability to manipulate
1	Great image resolution and some ability to rig
0	no clock, no minute minder
0	no clock, no instant minder
0	If your used to Nokia then this is very different.
0	If your utilize to Nokia then this is very dissimilar.
1	Very small, nice pictures, great stills
1	Very little, nice pictures, great stills
0	battery life, lack of AC adaptor, clunky PC software
0	battery animation, lack of AC adaptor, clunky PC software
1	reliable, good pics, well-priced
1	reliable, full pics, well-priced
0	So so software
0	then so software
0	Small memory card!
0	Small memory board!
1	Picture quality is the best, sharpest camera ever made!!
1	Picture quality is the best, sharpest camera ever earn!!
0	voice dialing has problems, bad reception in buildings, takes a while to start up
0	voice dialing has problems, bad reception in buildings, convey a while to startle up
1	Great price, easy to use, takes good photo's. 
1	Great toll, easy to use, takes good photo's. 
0	Everything else possible
0	Everything else potential
1	Duplex printing, dual connecting capability
1	Duplex printing, dual connecting capacity
1	Great picture quality, auto-flash, red-eye control, nice LCD
1	Great picture quality, auto-flash, red-eye check, nice LCD
0	Not cheap, sound could be better, magnet-based flip open, prone to smudges and scratches
0	Not cheap, sound could be improve, magnet-based flip heart-to-heart, prone to smudges and scratches
0	Either/Or ink cartridge system
0	Either/Or ink cartridge arrangement
0	Lack of accessories, can get hot, keypad lighting(dim & GREEN, bleah), nothing else really!
0	lack of accessories, can capture hot, keypad lighting(dim & GREEN, bleah), nothing else really!
0	Still portraits usually cause red eye syndrome
0	Still portraits usually do red eye syndrome
1	pocket sized, reliable, big screen
1	pocket sized, reliable, boastful screen
0	Must have software running, no legal paper copies
0	Must have software prevail, no legal paper copies
1	Small size, light weight, good battery life, lots of features.
1	Small size, promiscuous weight, safe battery life, lots of features.
1	Excellent quality pictures
1	Excellent quality pic
0	8 meg card is too small, blurry close-ups
0	8 meg plug-in is too small, blurry close-ups
0	Somewhat expensive.
0	slightly expensive.
1	None
1	none
1	Speaker phone, camera, FM radio, flashlight, durable
1	verbalizer phone, camera, FM radio, flashlight, durable
1	Auto-Double Sided printing, great resolution.
1	Auto-Double Sided printing, outstanding resolution.
1	Excellent output, great price
1	excellent output, great price
0	only can save 5-7 photos per disc
0	only can save 5-7 photos per disk
1	Great resolution,great feel, weatherproof and much much more.
1	Great resolution,slap-up feel, weatherproof and much much more.
1	many features, can find it for reasonable price, great pix
1	many features, can chance it for reasonable price, nifty pix
0	...of pale, washed out looking people. (Canon says no fix forthcoming)
0	...of pale, washed out looking people. (Canon say no get forthcoming)
0	finding space for it; found out the hard way I was out of ink
0	retrieve space for it; found out the hard way one was out of ink
0	photograph printing not great
0	photograph printing not bang-up
0	Front cover is not replaceable.
0	battlefront cover is not replaceable.
1	Ease of use, great photos
1	Ease of employ, great photos
0	Macro mode is rather unimpressive.
0	Macro mode is sooner unimpressive.
0	stays lit while charging
0	arrest lit while charging
0	Noisy, ink is expensive, very slow
0	Noisy, ink is expensive, very dim
0	don't know of any
0	don't bonk of any
0	lens cover can malfunction, weak flash, more unstable than bigger cameras, no included power transformer
0	lens cover can malfunction, watery flash, more unstable than bigger camera, no included mogul transformer
1	Calls are Clear, Feature Rich, Settings Rich
1	bid are Clear, Feature Rich, Settings Rich
1	Separate Ink Carts - Fast - Easy to Use
1	Separate Ink Carts - Fast - well-fixed to Use
0	you cant hear well with the small speaker
0	you cant hear well with the low speaker
0	Limited memory capacity, useful and decent but not the best music and pictures
0	express memory capacity, useful and decent but not the best music and pic
1	Ease of use, color view screen
1	Ease of use, colourise view screen
0	Having no Power On/Off button was a little strange. But I got used to it.
0	Having no mogul On/Off push was a little strange. But I scram used to it.
1	Easy to use, fabulous picture quality, lots of features
1	wanton to use, fabulous picture quality, lots of features
0	none
0	none
1	absolute top quality photos
1	absolute top lineament photos
1	Small, light, bluetooth, excellent phone book, and that color screen.
1	Small, lightness, bluetooth, excellent phone playscript, and that color screen.
0	Size, feels somewhat flimsy sometimes.
0	Size, feels reasonably flimsy sometimes.
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
0	dense, poor quality, poor paper feed
0	Expensive, Phone Book is poorly designed.  Phone is a little large.
0	Expensive, Phone playscript is poorly designed.  Phone is a little prominent.
0	Limited picture printing quality
0	Limited fancy printing quality
0	Not the greatest reception, best not used as a phone
0	Not the greatest reception, unspoilt not used as a earphone
0	expensive consumables
0	expensive consumables
1	Color quality is great, inexpensive, smart ink system!
1	Color lineament is great, inexpensive, smart ink system!
1	Service 
1	overhaul 
1	Reception, Screen, Ringers, Speaker, & lightweight!
1	Reception, cover, Ringers, Speaker, & lightweight!
1	Quick printing at good quality
1	Quick printing at goodness quality
0	No zoom, no lens cover (might scratch)
0	No zoom, no lens cover (might scar)
0	Slow, Has had it's mechanical problems
0	Slow, throw had it's mechanical problems
1	Small size, GREAT battery life, built-in vibrate function, dual illumination, intuitive memory approach.
1	pocket-size size, GREAT battery life, built-in vibrate function, dual elucidation, intuitive memory approach.
1	Price, lightweight &amp; compact, accurate color rendering, easy to configure, prints iron-on transfers
1	Price, lightweight &amp; thick, accurate color rendering, easy to configure, prints iron-on reassign
0	Nothing
0	null
1	Easy setup, fast printing, quiet printing, cartridges easy to change
1	Easy setup, dissipated publish, quiet printing, cartridges easy to change
0	None
0	none
0	Short battery life, No voice activated dialing.
0	Short battery liveliness, No voice activated dialing.
1	New technology, great features, good price, voice dialing
1	New technology, great features, thoroughly price, voice dialing
0	size
0	sizing
0	Crappy camera, terrible colors and poor speaker volume, does not support MP3s
0	Crappy camera, terrible colouration and poor speaker mass, does not support MP3s
1	Durable, battery life, features
1	Durable, battery sprightliness, features
1	Absolutely gorgeous, decent audio quality
1	Absolutely gorgeous, decent audio prime
0	Very poor reception,small keys, battery is location, Pic resolution
0	Very poor reception,modest keys, battery is location, Pic resolve
1	Great looking photos, very happy with larger prints, like 8x10, 5x7
1	Great calculate photos, very happy with larger prints, corresponding 8x10, 5x7
0	Buttons are tiny. Easy to make unintended calls.
0	Buttons are tiny. Easy to reach unintended calls.
0	black ink smears sometimes in mine
0	black ink spot sometimes in mine
1	Screen, camera, keypad easy to use, nice form factor, good controls, excellent software
1	Screen, camera, keypad tardily to habit, nice form factor, good controls, excellent software
1	Great price, beautiful quality
1	big price, beautiful quality
0	Doesn't have any games, cannot download ring tones
0	Doesn't have any games, cannot download ring feel
0	Should be packaged with case or at least a lens cap.  No Macro.
0	Should be packaged with case or at least a Lens crest.  No Macro.
1	Great for that child that thinks she is too big for a stroller
1	Great for that shaver that thinks she is too adult for a stroller
0	It's extremely slow
0	It's extremely behind
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
1	Totally customizable, huge showing for a flip-flop, easy usage, features galore
0	It has an 'ok' button for send, end, and almost everything else.
0	It has an 'ok' push for send, goal, and almost everything else.
1	Good quality, excellent customer support.
1	Good prize, excellent customer support.
1	Great photos, fast, free with rebate
1	Great photos, fast, relinquish with rebate
0	Belt clip case lasted only 4 months, keypad,
0	Belt clip showcase lasted only 4 months, keypad,
0	Haven't found any yet
0	Haven't get any yet
1	Great reception outdoors, GPS E911 Ready, Voice dialing, large, easily recognized buttons.
1	Great reception outdoors, GPS E911 prepare, vocalisation dialing, large, easily recognized buttons.
1	easy to use, great output
1	easy to apply, great output
0	None!
0	none!
1	size and durability
1	size and enduringness
0	hard to hold, small buttons
0	hard to hold, small release
1	Does not resemble a 35mm camera
1	practise not resemble a 35mm camera
0	AC adaptor optional (and necessary!), small memory card, battery life average.
0	AC adaptor optional (and necessary!), minor remembering card, battery life average.
0	Limited video time
0	limited video time
0	Color printing takes longer
0	Color printing adopt longer
0	Can't get inkjet printed paper wet!
0	Can't pose inkjet printed paper wet!
0	Does not load paper reliably. Ink cartridges are pricey.
0	Does not payload paper reliably. Ink cartridges are pricey.
0	FAILED AS A MODEM
0	FAILED AS ampere MODEM
1	Flexibility, tri-band, appearance, reasonable price
1	Flexibility, tri-band, appearance, fairish price
1	Portable, inexpensive.  Easy to use.
1	Portable, inexpensive.  well-off to use.
1	Color Display, Play games, Check your E-mail!
1	Color Display, toy games, Check your E-mail!
1	FM Radio built in, included headset and belt clip
1	FM Radio built in, included headset and belt magazine
1	Super small size, easy to use, practical
1	Super small size, well-fixed to use, practical
0	Short-lived ink cartridges; better for photos and reports than plain text., 
0	Short-lived ink cartridge; respectable for photos and reports than plain text., 
0	very heavy to carry
0	very heavy to acquit
0	Battery use &amp;amp; Mac compatability
0	Battery usage &amp;amp; Mac compatability
1	Lightweight
1	whippersnapper
0	Battery gets hot
0	Battery experience hot
0	none
0	none
0	Small
0	humble
0	not reliable!
0	not dependable!
1	Good signal, lightweight
1	effective signal, lightweight
0	None
0	none
0	few ring choices
0	few phone choices
1	High quality Print with low cost consumables
1	High select Print with low cost consumables
0	No Voice-Dial
0	nobelium Voice-Dial
1	Small design, convenient address book.
1	Small design, convenient address Scripture.
1	Pretty easy to use, overall good-quality pictures.
1	Pretty comfortable to use, overall good-quality pictures.
0	Reliability Issues
0	Reliability matter
1	Very versatile, light weight
1	selfsame versatile, light weight
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	Very little storage comes with camera
0	Very little storage total with camera
1	Size, Quality, Toughness, Features
1	sizing, Quality, Toughness, Features
0	no camera case included
0	no camera font included
1	great color
1	swell color
0	Antenna seems flimsy, but easy to replace if broken, Expensive Batteries!&#13;&#10;
0	Antenna seems flimsy, but promiscuous to interchange if broken, Expensive Batteries!&#13;&#10;
0	volume is too low. Needs more memory. Needs longer talking time. needs 1200 mAH.
0	volume is too low. Needs more remembering. require longer talking time. needs 1200 mAH.
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Precision physique Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Battery, screen, camera, organizer
1	Battery, cover, camera, organizer
0	Too much file compression,Poor motion capture capabilities
0	besides much file compression,Poor motion capture capabilities
1	Great Color.  Great Price
1	Great Color.  Great price
1	Storage space, Quick view on computer nothing to connect just pop in cd!!!
1	reposition space, Quick view on computer aught to connect just pop in cd!!!
0	GSM only, so limited coverage in the middle of nowhere (currently).  Bluetooth accessories are pricey.
0	GSM only, so limited reporting in the midsection of nowhere (currently).  Bluetooth supplement are pricey.
0	A little pricey if you don't plan on printing many pictures
0	A lilliputian pricey if you don't plan on printing many painting
0	echo, can't tell the time if no reception, barely operates in analog mode
0	echo, can't tell the sentence if no reception, barely mesh in analog mode
0	non-removal 2MB flash card
0	non-removal 2MB trashy card
1	Compact, very stylish (neon blue backlighting), color and tri-band
1	Compact, very stylish (neon blue backlighting), emblazon and tri-band
1	easy to use lighted round keypad, large screen, video recorder and camera, voice tag
1	easy to use lighted round keypad, heavy filmdom, video recorder and camera, voice tag
0	Expensive, signing the contract
0	Expensive, signing the sign
0	Clearing paper jams can be tricky, requires significant component replacement periodically.
0	Clearing wallpaper jams can be tricky, requires significant factor replacement periodically.
0	Unsure about charges on internet connect & downloads, but that is all Sprint phones.
0	Unsure about burster on internet tie & downloads, but that is all Sprint phones.
0	None
0	none
0	Flimsy, no silent "MUTE," poor reception, screen breaks and blacks out.
0	Flimsy, no silent "MUTE," poor reception, blind rupture and blacks out.
1	Small, five megapixels, lithium ion battery/charger
1	Small, 5 megapixels, lithium ion battery/charger
0	quality and customer service
0	quality and customer avail
0	Picture quality is very poor. 
0	project quality is very poor. 
0	memory sticks are expensive
0	memory bond are expensive
1	easy to use
1	slowly to use
0	Not small compared to other cams.  Hard to find.
0	Not small compared to other cams.  Hard to get.
1	Great picture quality, great price
1	Great depict quality, great price
0	No AC adapter, cannot make movies, pictures taken indoors are poorer quality than outdoor ones
0	No AC adapter, cannot hit movies, pictures ask indoors are poorer quality than out-of-door ones
1	Cheap, functional
1	Cheap, usable
0	Breaks down fast, unattractive bulky design, noisy
0	shift down fast, unattractive bulky design, noisy
0	Color match, tech support
0	semblance match, tech support
1	Small size, external caller ID, crisp screen, decent camera, good battery life
1	Small size, external caller ID, crisp screen, nice camera, near battery life
0	Zoom, LCD, color saturation
0	Zoom, LCD, tinge saturation
0	ear piece occasionally hard-to-hear in
0	capitulum piece occasionally hard-to-hear in
1	Great camera
1	outstanding camera
0	Bulky, Cannot Download Ringtones and Screens, etc.
0	bulky, Cannot Download Ringtones and Screens, etc.
1	good value for money, good quality, driver software has some very useful features.
1	estimable value for money, skillful quality, driver software has some very useful features.
1	Battery life, massive storage capacity, flip-out LCD display
1	Battery life, massive repositing capacity, flip-out LCD display
0	Lens distorts, resolution is low, needs lots of light, gobbles AAs, looks toylike
0	Lens distorts, resolution is depressed, needs raft of light, gobbles AAs, looks toylike
0	Physically larger & heavier than some.  Nokia DKU-5 computer link software has bugs.
0	Physically larger & heavier than some.  Nokia DKU-5 computer contact software has badger.
1	Easy setup (to PC and with print cartridges); Fast printing (3.5 ppm color)
1	Easy setup (to PC and with print cartridges); Fast printing (threesome.quint ppm color)
1	Small size, bigger buttons, long battery life
1	lowly size, bigger buttons, long battery life
1	Price, good software package, easy-to-use features, good quality photos
1	Price, well software package, easy-to-use features, good quality photos
1	specs are good
1	spec are good
1	flip phone design, small size, color screens, built-in camera and flash, video capability
1	flip phone design, small size, colorize screens, constitutional camera and flash, video capability
1	Internet, LARGE screen, clear reception
1	cyberspace, LARGE screen, clear reception
1	Great Clarity, Phone numbers easy to access, Nice voice command
1	majuscule Clarity, Phone numbers easy to access, Nice articulation command
1	Prints &amp; copies nicely &amp; is attractive.
1	impress &amp; copies nicely &amp; is attractive.
0	Unfriendly user interface, not alot of features, Qwest's service`
0	uncongenial user interface, not alot of features, Qwest's service`
0	Short Battery Life
0	short-circuit Battery Life
0	Big, Noisey &amp; Ink Thirsty
0	self-aggrandising, Noisey &amp; Ink Thirsty
1	Easy to use
1	promiscuous to use
0	Expensive ink
0	expensive ink
0	Loud, printer head malfunctions, not very responsive
0	Loud, printer pass malfunctions, not very responsive
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything i mentioned in the review.
0	No GPRS through a PC.
0	nobelium GPRS through a PC.
0	Call Quality poor at times.
0	Call Quality poor at metre.
0	Good GPS functions require additional fee, small screen , battery cover squirms when keys pressed
0	Good GPS office require additional fee, small screen , battery comprehend squirms when keys pressed
0	Ink Cost, Paper Cost
0	Ink cost, Paper Cost
0	High price, so-so battery life, small monochrome screen, sleazy Motorola marketing
0	High price, so-so battery life, diminished monochrome screen, bum Motorola marketing
0	Not recommended for feature seekers.
0	Not commend for feature seekers.
1	compact size, good picture quality
1	wad size, good picture quality
0	Very bad reception (only_in_the_UK?!?), some glitches to be ironed out, lack of features.
0	Very badness reception (only_in_the_UK?!?), some glitches to be ironed out, lack of characteristic.
0	noise, paper tray
0	interference, paper tray
0	Photo print quality not as good as competitors
0	Photo print quality not as ripe as competitors
1	Sleek, Multiple rings, Good battery life
1	slick, Multiple rings, Good battery life
0	Memory card is not large enough and no rechargeable batteries. 
0	Memory wag is not gravid enough and no rechargeable batteries. 
1	long life, clear, lots of features, vibrate ring mode
1	long life, clear, lots of boast, vibrate ring mode
1	Great Pictures / Great Price / Easy to use.
1	Great Pictures / large Price / Easy to use.
0	Pricey
0	pricy
0	Like all digital cameras you have to wait between shots
0	similar all digital cameras you have to postponement between shots
1	Ease of use, nice pictures
1	comfort of use, nice pictures
1	fast, good quality, cheap, reliable name brand
1	fast, good quality, gimcrack, reliable name brand
1	good display, sleek, light weight, good reception,
1	sound display, sleek, light weight, good reception,
0	Hot Sync an pain in the butt.
0	Hot Sync an pain in the edge.
1	Batteries! You need only two, they give long life, they are supplied.
1	Batteries! You need only two, they dedicate long life, they are ply.
1	Good Features &amp;amp; Price
1	Good characteristic &amp;amp; Price
1	Its a fast, all in one printer. Good quality
1	Its a fast, all in matchless printer. Good quality
0	pictures are extremely blurry, pictures must be downloaded directly onto your computer
0	image are extremely blurry, pictures must be downloaded immediately onto your computer
1	Inexpensive, high quality printing, very easy to use.
1	Inexpensive, high quality printing, very gentle to use.
0	Gets burning hot with use
0	incur burning hot with use
1	compact and easy to carry
1	compact and easy to deport
0	slow, expensive cartridges, color printing does not match colors on screen, faulty software
0	slow, expensive magazine, colourize printing does not match colors on screen, faulty software
1	Controls, ease of use
1	ascendance, ease of use
0	Poorly Made, rubber comes off, technical problems
0	unwell Made, rubber comes off, technical problems
0	none....i guess the price
0	none....i estimate the price
0	Mode and select buttons are very small.
0	Mode and select buttons are very humble.
1	Photo-like quality, good ink prices
1	Photo-like quality, salutary ink prices
0	unintuitive GUI, 1 day battery life, crashes, breaks when you drop
0	unintuitive GUI, 1 day battery life, clash, unwrap when you drop
1	Tough construction, small size, lens quality, pleasing design
1	Tough construction, lowly size, lens quality, pleasing design
1	Beautiful, affordable photo prints
1	Beautiful, low-priced photo prints
1	Easy to use; downloads quickly; takes excellent photos.
1	Easy to use; downloads quickly; deal excellent photos.
1	Excellent photo output, USB
1	Excellent exposure output, USB
0	Very poor battery life, runs out during the course of my normal day
0	really poor battery life, feed out during the course of my normal day
1	Sharp clear text and graphics,nice paper tray, good software
1	penetrating acquit text and graphics,nice paper tray, good software
1	Easy to push, Not too heavy
1	Easy to agitate, Not too heavy
0	Smears ink occasionally
0	smutch ink occasionally
1	Small size, super clear calls, clever flip design
1	Small size, super absolved calls, clever flip design
0	pic quality varies,  expensive battery
0	pic quality varies,  expensive shelling
1	megapixel quality, easy to use
1	megapixel quality, easy to purpose
0	Eats batteries, slow image download.
0	Eats batteries, slow epitome download.
0	Picture quality could be better
0	Picture quality could be ameliorate
1	size, ability for older child to stand
1	size, ability for senior child to stand
0	not the smallest phone
0	not the low phone
1	I do like the GUI interface
1	I do similar the GUI interface
0	Included memory card too small, poor user manual
0	included memory card too small, poor user manual
0	Bigger (than today's phones), Weight
0	heavy (than today's phones), Weight
0	Weak flash, provided memory card (8 MB) is insufficient.
0	watery flash, provided memory card (8 MB) is insufficient.
1	Lots of custom controls, good zoom, small, decent photo quality
1	Lots of custom ensure, good zoom, humble, decent photo quality
0	transfer to PC slow
0	transpose to PC slow
1	Bright screen, light weight, intuitive to use
1	Bright filmdom, light weight, intuitive to use
0	Pretty good reception, ok battery life.
0	Pretty salutary reception, ok battery life.
0	the darkness of the preview screen
0	the iniquity of the preview screen
0	Ink is  a little bit on the expensive side.
0	Ink is  a little scrap on the expensive side.
0	bulky
0	bulky
1	Lightweight, easy to use, takes up to 100 + photos
1	Lightweight, easy to use, bring up to 100 + photos
0	Backlight is ok for phone functions, but useless for Palm apps.
0	Backlight is ok for ring officiate, but useless for Palm apps.
0	Flash range is too short.
0	Flash range is too brusque.
1	lightweight and easy to use
1	lightweight and comfortable to use
0	need more professional picture management
0	need more professional photograph management
0	heavy infant carrier, takes up storage space
0	heavy infant carrier, admit up storage space
0	Phone seems kinda funky sometimes? Terrible battery!
0	Phone seems kinda funky sometimes? dread battery!
0	AWFUL, AWFUL, AWFUL menu system.
0	unspeakable, AWFUL, AWFUL menu system.
0	I needed two batteries because of short memory.  Two work great - one is 90 minutes, the other 160 minutes. 
0	I demand two batteries because of short memory.  Two work majuscule - unrivaled is 90 minutes, the other 160 minutes. 
1	Color screen, ok service.
1	Color screen, fine service.
1	great pictures, 3X optical zoom, sturdy, normal battery life, usb, great price
1	corking fancy, 3X optical zoom, sturdy, normal battery life, usb, great price
0	High price, quality does not match 35mm film yet.
0	High price, quality does not tally 35mm film yet.
1	Compact unit with lots of features, and good for my work and home use. 
1	Compact unit with lots of features, and practiced for my employment and home use. 
0	none at this time
0	none at this clock
0	Picture view area gets nose prints
0	Picture view area arrive nose prints
0	Standard paper output tray takes getting used to (see review).  Otherwise, none.
0	Standard paper output tray return getting used to (ensure review).  Otherwise, none.
1	Good picture quality, BRIGHT FLASH, good movie mode, AV out, nice LCD screen
1	Good picture quality, promising FLASH, safe movie mode, AV out, nice LCD screen
1	Fast - Light - Cheap - Self Repeating
1	Fast - clear - Cheap - Self Repeating
1	easy to use, best camera for the money
1	easy to function, best camera for the money
0	The old FD-81 could take 60 seconds of uninterupted mpegs, this one can only do 15 second.
0	The old FD-81 could get 60 sec of uninterupted mpegs, this single can only do 15 second.
1	Faster than my last Lexmark with good quality!
1	Faster than my go Lexmark with good quality!
0	Poor battery life, slow response, complex menus
0	Poor battery lifetime, slow response, complex menus
1	easy to use, AA batteries (rechargeable work great! Compact Flash medium is great storage 
1	easy to use, AA batteries (rechargeable exploit great! Compact Flash medium is dandy storage 
0	Small keys, keys placed too close together, reliability
0	Small keys, keys placed too close together, dependability
1	Beautiful prints, low initial cost
1	Beautiful prints, dispirited initial cost
0	Should be call DuraDull
0	Should be Call DuraDull
0	Difficult to maneuver, can't hang diaper bag on handle.
0	Difficult to manoeuvre, can't hang diaper bag on handle.
1	Great pictures, great features.  I'm in love!
1	Great picture, great features.  I'm in love!
0	price
0	cost
0	Slow and Loud when printing in color
0	ho-hum and Loud when printing in color
0	Kind of big.
0	Kind of self-aggrandizing.
0	Gets fingerprints on LED window
0	baffle fingerprints on LED window
0	is not a good product
0	is not a effective product
1	Quality of photos, size of camera, and yes, price!
1	lineament of photos, size of camera, and yes, price!
0	Batteries don't last as long as I would like.
0	Batteries don't last as long as iodine would like.
1	print quality, speed, ease of use
1	print quality, zip, ease of use
0	questionable quality, not so great attena
0	questionable quality, not so nifty attena
0	Battery life doesn't compare to my 8390, which would last well over a week.
0	Battery biography doesn't equivalence to my 8390, which would last well over a week.
0	Only one Cartridge- Black and Color Combined
0	Only one Cartridge- fateful and Color Combined
0	Included software is poor, no sound w/movies, only 2X optical
0	Included software is pitiable, no reasoned w/movies, only 2X optical
0	I just wish it had a larger optical zoom and maybe a viewfinder.
0	I just wish it had a larger optic surge and maybe a viewfinder.
0	color and ink runs out quick
0	gloss and ink runs out quick
1	Solid battery life, easy to use, good sound quality, feels more substantial than Razr.
1	Solid battery life, easy to employment, ripe sound quality, feels more substantial than Razr.
1	inexpensive, quality printouts
1	inexpensive, select printouts
1	Great features, if I ever get the software I paid for.
1	gravid features, if I ever get the software ane paid for.
1	Big display,GSM, SIM card,cool skins,outlook sync
1	liberal display,GSM, SIM card,cool skins,outlook sync
1	small, cheap
1	little, cheap
0	large unit, costly ($2500)
0	large unit, high-priced ($2500)
1	small, compact design that is modern and offers a fair amount of features
1	small, compact design that is modern and offers a bonny amount of boast
1	Great ease of use with the walk up fax and as a copy machine.Fast scanning.
1	Great ease of role with the paseo up fax and as a copy machine.flying scanning.
1	Reliable, fast black ink printing
1	Reliable, fast fatal ink printing
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
1	Excellent user interface and messaging capabilities, amazing battery life, light weight and... AUTOMATIC REDIAL!!!
1	Excellent user interface and messaging capabilities, amazing shelling life, luminance weight and... AUTOMATIC REDIAL!!!
1	see the review
1	see the recap
1	Compact, Lightweight, great features.
1	Compact, Lightweight, corking features.
0	Can't always retrieve missed calls, it's plain ugly, plus there's no games
0	Can't always retrieve missed song, it's kvetch ugly, plus there's no games
0	video is not really that great, but oh well.
0	video is not really that majuscule, but oh well.
0	slow processing speed
0	tedious processing speed
1	drop in charger
1	drop-off in charger
0	flimsy bag, low quality wide angle lens
0	flimsy bag, low quality wide slant lens
1	Good Looking
1	Good expect
1	Inexpensive, convenient dock, easy to use, accepts standard batteries.
1	Inexpensive, convenient dock, easy to apply, accepts standard batteries.
1	Fun, completely customizable, works great!
1	Fun, completely customizable, turn great!
1	digital photos, lcd screen, compact size
1	digital photos, lcd screen, compendious size
1	Small, handy
1	diminished, handy
1	very small, cool toy
1	very humble, cool toy
0	You need to buy rechargeable batteries.
0	You need to bribe rechargeable batteries.
0	Comes with only 16 MB memory stick
0	number with only 16 MB memory stick
0	No flash; Software is horrible
0	nobelium flash; Software is horrible
0	Speed, simplicity of copier.
0	accelerate, simplicity of copier.
1	Good printer
1	expert printer
0	Didn't Include Games
0	Didn't admit Games
1	Excellent print quality, particularly photographs. Solid as a rock.
1	Excellent print quality, particularly photographs. square as a rock.
1	portability, looks, ease of use, built in flash, excellent pictures
1	portability, appear, ease of use, built in garish, excellent pictures
0	can't print higher than a 5x7
0	can't print eminent than a 5x7
1	Greatttttt pictures.  Good text.
1	Greatttttt pictures.  near text.
0	No Usb, LCD Sucks In Sunlight
0	No Usb, LCD imbibe In Sunlight
1	Excellent quality borderless photos, affordable
1	Excellent quality borderless photograph, affordable
1	Easy to use, cheap, flash, decent image quality
1	Easy to use, meretricious, flash, decent image quality
0	a bit complicated for beginner
0	a mo complicated for beginner
0	Backlight display
0	Backlight showing
0	Rather large for carrying a long time.
0	Rather large for take a long time.
0	incoming call voice annoying
0	incoming call vocalize annoying
1	Great LCD, low price, compact, rugged
1	Great LCD, abject price, compact, rugged
1	DIGITAL
1	digital
0	none found yet!
0	none found hitherto!
0	My first one was defective! Retail price is too high.
0	My offset nonpareil was defective! Retail price is too high.
0	too many options, do they know when enough is enough?
0	too many option, do they know when decent is enough?
1	price, set up, speed
1	price, plant up, speed
0	EXTREEMLY SLOW!!!, uses ink fast, need to change cartridges for each job (color, B&amp;W, etc.)
0	EXTREEMLY easy!!!, uses ink fast, postulate to change magazine for each job (color, B&amp;W, etc.)
1	Great price, awesome print quality!
1	swell price, awesome print quality!
0	No flash, marginal lens.
0	No cheap, marginal lens.
1	Solidly built, easy to use, many convenient features.
1	Solidly built, easy to use, many convenient characteristic.
1	Text and image quality, simplicity in use, easy refillable cartridges.
1	Text and trope quality, simplicity in expend, easy refillable cartridges.
1	Web capabilities, Good reviews, moderately priced, wireless headset (btooth)
1	Web capabilities, dear reviews, moderately priced, wireless headset (btooth)
0	Poor design, and poor connectivity through the USB.
0	Poor design, and wretched connectivity through the USB.
1	Great software , easy to use, the best printing I've seen on an inkjet
1	Great software , easy to use, the expert printing I've ascertain on an inkjet
1	Size, Speakerphone, Quality
1	Size, Speakerphone, calibre
1	Size and weight, features, screen quality
1	Size and burden, features, screen quality
0	where should I start?
0	where should I jump?
1	very sleek size, color, tons of extras
1	very sleek size, colour, tons of extras
1	small, but hard to lose, good interface, excellent reception
1	small, but punishing to lose, good interface, excellent reception
0	power-up defaults
0	power-up nonremittal
0	Screen can get scratched, complicated features and speaker sound unclear when loud.
0	Screen can nonplus scratched, complicated features and speaker strait unclear when loud.
0	hard to see viewfinder/lcd in extreme lighting conditions
0	hard to realise viewfinder/lcd in extreme lighting conditions
0	Slow, CPU intensive printer driver, ink cartridge cost.
0	Slow, CPU intensive pressman driver, ink cartridge cost.
0	None for me.
0	none for me.
1	Can take memorable pictures
1	Can take memorable visualise
0	Under-powered flash
0	Under-powered cheap
0	2x Digital Zoom, set too rigid -- there's only two settings!
0	2x Digital Zoom, fixed too rigid -- there's only two context!
0	Loud, Not a Photo Quality Printer, No Printer Cable.
0	garish, Not a Photo Quality Printer, No Printer Cable.
0	flimsy case, too many problems
0	flimsy vitrine, too many problems
1	Quality, price, ease of use, speed
1	Quality, price, relief of use, speed
0	Inadequate operating system to manage memory, freeze ups, power cycling the phone daily
0	Inadequate manoeuver system to oversee memory, freeze ups, power cycling the phone daily
0	Indoor pictures have slight reddish cast
0	Indoor depiction have slight reddish cast
1	Light weight, easy opening/ closing.
1	Light weight, easy give/ closing.
0	Screen fonts are too small, poor placement of some buttons.
0	Screen fonts are too little, miserable placement of some buttons.
1	none
1	none
0	None,so far
0	None,so ALIR
1	Easy to use. Small enough to fit in pocket. Excellent pictures.
1	Easy to employ. Small enough to burst in pocket. Excellent pictures.
0	A little noisy, Medium price, 
0	A little noisy, Medium damage, 
1	Cost, ink monitor, good print quality, best for text
1	Cost, ink monitor, good print quality, unspoilt for text
0	Can't think of a one... not into anything MAC so I really don't care that they're not compatible
0	Can't think of a ace... not into anything mack so ane really don't care that they're not compatible
1	Great price, great photo quality color copies/scans, great value!!
1	Great price, enceinte photo quality color transcript/scans, great value!!
0	Power-hungry if zoom and LCD are used.
0	Power-hungry if zoom and LCD are employ.
1	Good all around light duty machine
1	Good all around swooning duty machine
0	Not immediately Mac compatible, no optical zoom, eats up batteries, buttons are hard to push
0	Not immediately macintosh compatible, no optical zoom, eats up batteries, clit are knockout to push
0	Maneuverability
0	maneuverability
0	heavy, handle can be awkward
0	heavy, deal can be awkward
0	every thing that deals with this phone
0	every thing that treat with this phone
1	The display  screen,ringer tones,style,performance and price.
1	The display  screen,ringer tone,style,performance and price.
0	Very little storage, no AC adaptor, uses lots of batteries.
0	Very little entrepot, no AC adaptor, US lots of batteries.
0	Build quality low, divided responsibility for warranty issues
0	Build quality miserable, divided responsibility for warranty issues
0	batteries get used up fast, nothing else comes to mind.
0	batteries amaze used up firm, nothing else comes to mind.
0	A little big and heavy...
0	A footling big and heavy...
1	Great Overall Feel And Quality
1	swell Overall Feel And Quality
0	Expensive
0	expensive
0	pseudo-perfect picture quality, fairly expensive ink
0	pseudo-perfect video quality, fairly expensive ink
0	None so far. (I've used it &lt;i&gt;a lot&lt;/i&gt; for over a year and a half.)
0	None so Interahamwe. (I've employ it &lt;i&gt;a passel&lt;/i&gt; for over a yr and a half.)
0	None at this time!
0	None at this sentence!
0	durability, flaky LCD connection, no WAP, can't store email addresses, not a world phone
0	durability, flaky LCD connection, no WAP, can't store email handle, not a humanity phone
1	small, light, amber screen
1	small, alight, amber screen
1	Canon, Good Quality Pictures, Small, Easy To Use.
1	Canon, full Quality Pictures, Small, Easy To Use.
0	battery consumption, serial cable, can only use digital zoom on low res.
0	battery consumption, serial cable, can only purpose digital zoom on modest res.
1	Seamlessly synchs with Microsoft Outlook. Large, easy to read display makes navigation a breeze.
1	Seamlessly synchs with Microsoft mind-set. Large, easy to read display build navigation a breeze.
1	Great Quality Pictures and simple to use in automatic mode!
1	Great Quality visualize and simple to expend in automatic mode!
0	Larger form factor, no through the lens view finder
0	Larger sort factor, no through the lens view finder
0	size with extra battery
0	size with additional battery
1	Right Size, Great Features, HP Quality
1	veracious Size, Great Features, HP Quality
1	good print quality, easy to use, low cost
1	ripe print quality, easy to use, low cost
0	Honestly have not encountered any
0	Honestly have not happen any
0	Setting the time is difficult to figure out.
0	plant the time is difficult to figure out.
1	Incredible detail and color saturation
1	Incredible detail and colorise saturation
0	The only con is that it doesn't come with battery charger
0	The only gip is that it doesn't get with battery charger
0	eats up batteries like crazy
0	eats up batteries like demented
0	lack of functions, confusing interface
0	lack of functions, obscure interface
1	HP dependability, quality output.
1	HP dependability, quality outturn.
0	Came with Out-Of-Date Software
0	number with Out-Of-Date Software
0	Slow
0	tardily
0	RAW format a pain. Manual focus tricky. Software needs improvement. No remote shutter release.
0	RAW format a pain. Manual focus slick. Software needs improvement. No remote shutter liberate.
1	Easy to use, takes GREAT pictures, full of features.
1	well-off to use, takes GREAT pictures, full of features.
1	A nice phone with really handy features and easy navigation system.
1	A nice earpiece with really handy features and easy navigation arrangement.
1	Decent photo printing, clear color and B&amp;amp;W, good price
1	Decent photo printing, clear colour and B&amp;amp;W, well price
1	Great image quality, wide range of options, easy to use.
1	Great image quality, spacious graze of options, easy to use.
1	Size, resolution
1	Size, result
0	A bit large, does feel "cheap", extra features don't work well.
0	A moment large, does feel "gaudy", extra features don't work well.
0	poor instructions in booklet
0	short instructions in booklet
1	Feature rich, small enough to fit in a pocket; can be used internationally.
1	Feature deep, small enough to scene in a pocket; can be used internationally.
0	high price
0	gamy price
0	have not found any yet
0	have not happen any yet
1	great quality printouts on photos &amp;amp; text
1	expectant quality printouts on photos &amp;amp; text
0	Only 8 mb onboard memory included, can't use alkaline batteries, average picture quality
0	Only 8 mb onboard memory included, can't use alkaline batteries, intermediate film quality
1	Small, Easy to Use, Cheap, Fun to Use, Bundled Software, Three Functions
1	Small, Easy to Use, Cheap, Fun to Use, Bundled Software, ternary subroutine
1	Great form factor, great build quality, unique, and beautiful screen
1	Great configuration factor, great build quality, unequalled, and beautiful screen
1	Size, look, vibrate, easy menu
1	Size, look, vibrate, slow menu
0	It doesn't come with a camera case!
0	It doesn't come with a camera instance!
1	Great Zoom capability.  Rechargeable batteries with long life.  lightweight. great customer service. XD Picture Card
1	Great Zoom capability.  Rechargeable batteries with yearn life.  lightweight. great client avail. XD Picture Card
1	Great Print Quality, Speedy SPEEDY Printing, 4 cartridges instead of 2
1	Great Print choice, Speedy SPEEDY impression, 4 cartridges instead of 2
0	Poor battery life, flash issues
0	Poor battery life, flash exit
1	Easy, disks are cheap or free, fun!
1	Easy, disks are cheap or free, sport!
1	Floppy Disk Storage
1	diskette Disk Storage
1	Compact size,fabulous battery life,clear sound..especially from calls received
1	Compact size,fabulous battery life,clean sound..especially from visit received
0	No case, very poor photos in dim light, long shutter delay
0	no case, very poor photos in vague light, long shutter delay
0	size
0	sizing
1	Six Color Ink, New Sleek Design,  Borderless printing.  Works with OSX.
1	sixer Color Ink, New Sleek Design,  Borderless printing.  plant with OSX.
1	Produces a Great Printed Product
1	Produces a cracking Printed Product
1	Huge screen; 1 of only 2 internet phones supported by AT&T
1	Huge screen; 1 of only 2 internet phone underpin by AT&T
0	weight  / Bulky / Hard for a non tech to configure
0	weightiness  / Bulky / Hard for a non tech to configure
0	Complicated but clear to set up.  A possible ink guzzler.
0	Complicated but clear to correct up.  A potential ink guzzler.
0	Drinks ink like a fish, tends to jam quasi-frequently 
0	Drinks ink like a fish, tends to crush quasi-frequently 
1	Small footprint, print quality
1	Small footprint, print prize
1	Cool Shape, Works on almost all networks, bluetooth.
1	Cool Shape, exploit on almost all networks, bluetooth.
1	Affordable, if not free with computer packages.
1	Affordable, if not disembarrass with computer packages.
0	durability, volume
0	lastingness, volume
1	* Size
1	* sizing
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly retrieve through design.
1	Great Photo Quality
1	expectant Photo Quality
0	Flimsy.  Below average quality.
0	Flimsy.  below average quality.
0	too expensive, no holographic display, need two hands to answer.
0	too expensive, no holographical display, need two hands to resolution.
1	Excellent print quality, Quiet, Prints on almost any paper and or transparency.
1	Excellent print select, unruffled, Prints on almost any paper and or transparency.
1	Very compact size with cool graphical interface.
1	Very compact sizing with cool graphical interface.
0	Extremely noisy, horrible print quality, drinks ink like a semi truck does gasoline
0	Extremely noisy, horrible print quality, potable ink care a semi truck does gasoline
0	poor craftsmanship, jams a lot, sheet-fed scanner limits amount/type of items you can scan
0	inadequate craftsmanship, jams a allot, sheet-fed scanner limits measure/type of items you can scan
1	Many options/light weight/games/stores 99 names/numbers
1	Many options/light weight/games/stores ninety-nine names/numbers
0	none so far.
0	none so Interahamwe.
1	Great bang for the buck -- manual options and low cost
1	Great bang for the buck -- manual pick and humiliated cost
1	good phone
1	honest phone
1	Brilliant color and b/w printing, prints on photo size paper
1	Brilliant colouring and b/tungsten printing, prints on photo size paper
1	Lightweight.  Easy to use.  Good customer service, so far.
1	Lightweight.  easygoing to use.  Good customer service, so far.
1	Nice design, all the basic features included, clear sound
1	Nice intention, all the basic features included, clear sound
0	Didn't come with a printer cable
0	Didn't occur with a printer cable
1	Unsurpassed build quality, Features, Performance, Price, Everything else
1	Unsurpassed build timbre, Features, Performance, Price, Everything else
0	Incompatible w/ XP laptops, ink problems, poor paper feed, poor support
0	Incompatible w/ XP laptops, ink problem, poor paper feed, pitiful support
0	key pad size.
0	key diggings size.
0	Ink Cartridge Price.
0	Ink Cartridge damage.
1	Price. Features.
1	Price. characteristic.
1	5 Megapixel Images, Pro metering, NO SHUTTER LAG 
1	five Megapixel Images, Pro metering, NO SHUTTER LAG 
0	strong and reliable
0	warm and reliable
0	Some dead zones, low battery life at times.
0	Some dead zones, low battery aliveness at times.
0	Expensive faces and that is about it.
0	Expensive font and that is about it.
1	good price,nice pictures
1	good toll,nice pictures
1	Outstanding features, design, and performance. Excellent PDA. Sturdy construction. Complete detailed user guide.
1	Outstanding features, purpose, and performance. Excellent PDA. Sturdy construction. Complete detailed user template.
1	durability
1	lastingness
0	little pricey, small ink cartridges
0	little pricey, small ink cartridge
1	GREAT QUALITY/BATTERY/EXTRA'S
1	GREAT prize/BATTERY/EXTRA'S
0	Battery life is not that hot
0	Battery sprightliness is not that hot
0	price, battery life(as is with all cameras,try to use the screen as little as possible.)
0	price, battery sprightliness(as is with all cameras,endeavour to habit the screen as little as possible.)
0	Gobbles batteries
0	gobble batteries
1	very good quality, ink not too expensive, good online services
1	very dependable quality, ink not too expensive, serious online services
0	slight purple fringing, iffy flash, 2X zoom
0	slight purple fringing, iffy flash, 2X whizz
0	Poor reception. Lots of dropped calls. Menu's embedded too deeply.
0	Poor reception. Lots of dropped scream. Menu's engraft too deeply.
1	good quality, copier(color+B&amp;W)/scanner/printer
1	good quality, copier(color+B&amp;w)/scanner/printer
0	none
0	none
1	Its the best phone available on th market.
1	Its the right phone available on th market.
1	Easy to use and versatile.
1	Easy to enjoyment and versatile.
1	High quality speakerphone, voice recognition command technology, Get-It-Now enabled
1	High quality speakerphone, voice acknowledgment command technology, Get-It-Now enabled
1	Cheap thrills, small size
1	bum thrills, small size
1	battery life, sound clarity, gets the job done.
1	battery life, sound clarity, gets the job exercise.
0	bad bad bad pictures
0	bad risky bad pictures
1	ease of use and versatility
1	ease of utilize and versatility
1	Great Quality, 2.0 Mega Pixel, Low Cost, Optical Zoom
1	large Quality, 2.0 Mega Pixel, humiliated Cost, Optical Zoom
1	fun and easy
1	fun and easily
1	Quick, high quality printer - excellent quality and very paper tolerant.
1	Quick, high lineament printer - excellent quality and very newspaper tolerant.
0	See above.
0	visualize above.
1	Its small and reliable, it will fit on any desktop. 
1	IT small and reliable, it will gibe on any desktop. 
1	Quality, price, easy to use 
1	lineament, price, easy to use 
1	Fast, High quality
1	Fast, high quality
0	expensive, battery life slightly short, flash slightly weak, only 2.1 mega pixels
0	expensive, barrage liveliness slightly short, flash slightly weak, only 2.1 mega pixels
1	Backlight is neat.
1	Backlight is full-strength.
0	High CPU Overhead, Expensive
0	richly CPU Overhead, Expensive
0	Poor colors on low resolution, easy to dent (ouch!), arcane battery type
0	Poor colors on blue resolution, slow to dent (ouch!), arcane battery type
1	Ease of use, overall price, GREAT PICTURES
1	Ease of use, overall price, GREAT delineation
1	User friendly, even my 6 year old can use it.
1	User friendly, eventide my 6 year old can manipulation it.
0	Limited disk space.
0	Limited record space.
1	Cheap, good text quality, relatively small footprint for a laser
1	loud, full text quality, relatively small footprint for a laser
0	Ink Jet Cartridges are Expensive
0	Ink spirt Cartridges are Expensive
0	haven't found anything yet.
0	haven't find anything yet.
0	no a/c cord, bad zoom controls, LCD hard to see
0	no a/c cord, bad zoom restraint, LCD hard to escort
1	Petite, Attractive Design, Lightweight, Easy to travel with/use, Nice photo quality
1	Petite, Attractive Design, Lightweight, Easy to travel with/manipulation, nice photo quality
0	Overpriced
0	overpriced
0	Break up occasionally.
0	disclose up occasionally.
1	Handi and nice to have
1	Handi and overnice to have
0	fails as a phone, too quiet to use in loud places
0	fails as a phone, too smooth to usance in loud places
0	Won't print maps
0	Won't impress maps
1	Great camera for the price.
1	heavy camera for the price.
0	IT'S DEAF!!!!
0	IT'S deaf!!!!
1	An inexpensive versatile choice
1	An inexpensive versatile prime
0	paper trays dodgy
0	paper trays guileful
0	Lens cap is cumbersome, easy to lose
0	Lens cap is cumbersome, well-off to lose
1	Fast, reliable, versatile
1	debauched, reliable, versatile
1	great text, good price
1	great text, good terms
0	Antenna.  Sound quality.  Charging cord.
0	Antenna.  Sound quality.  bill cord.
1	great for the home user
1	smashing for the home user
1	4 popular products combined into 1. Less clutter. More space.
1	4 popular products meld into i. Less clutter. More space.
1	Ease of use; excellent color; individually replaceable ink cartridges; archival ink
1	Ease of habituate; excellent color; individually replaceable ink magazine; archival ink
0	wish it had more zoom
0	wishing it had more zoom
0	EXTREMELY poor quality
0	EXTREMELY wretched quality
0	Tiny print on the instruction booklet
0	Tiny print on the direction booklet
1	Great pictures, fast, zoom, features,  excellent size but still very small
1	Great picture, fast, zoom, lineament,  excellent size but still very small
1	Good looks, slim design, great battery life, large display
1	Good looks, slim design, cracking battery life, large display
0	Advanced mode learing is steep and picture quality suffers in low light.
0	Advanced mode learing is steep and picture quality tolerate in grim light.
1	Good quality for the price
1	safe quality for the price
1	Camera, downloadable apps, great editing, versatile phonebook, fun, light, good reception, huge screen
1	Camera, downloadable apps, great editing, versatile phonebook, fun, light, unspoilt reception, huge sort
0	a little expensive along with the video cards.
0	a little expensive along with the video board.
0	None 
0	none 
1	QWERT keyboard, fits like a pager, many options and voice control commnads
1	QWERT keyboard, agree like a pager, many options and voice moderate commnads
1	Price and production for light use is great, heavy use-could be better
1	Price and production for illumine use is great, profound use-could be better
0	Had to compromise on printing speed and it's a sheet fed, not flat bed scanner and copier
0	stimulate to compromise on printing speed and it's a sheet fed, not categoric bang scanner and copier
1	Has a good feel to it.Good pics at med &amp; above resolutions
1	throw a good flavor to it.Good pics at med &amp; above resolutions
0	High price not entirely justified, absence of ninjas.
0	High price not entirely excuse, absence of ninjas.
1	Excellent image quality and easy to use buttons
1	Excellent image quality and easy to exercise buttons
1	Good quality printing, fast, and efficient
1	right quality printing, fast, and efficient
1	lightweight, easy to fold
1	lightweight, gentle to fold
0	doesn't work as well with serial port as with usb
0	doesn't wreak as substantially with serial port as with usb
0	price, cartridges are expensive
0	damage, cartridges are expensive
0	Battery life, no zoom, quirky menu system
0	Battery living, no zoom, quirky menu system
1	IBM microdrive compatibility,standard form factor, high res
1	IBM microdrive compatibility,standard soma factor, high res
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	exclusively included charger, Vibrate is weak,
1	Very Cheap and easy to find at stores.  Does it all.
1	Very brassy and easy to find at stores.  doe it all.
0	None as of this time
0	None as of this metre
0	few games preloaded, no real power save mode/power consumption
0	few games preloaded, no real baron save mode/power uptake
0	Scheduler is not as great as a palm.
0	Scheduler is not as dandy as a palm.
1	price-easy to use-quality of picture
1	price-easy to use-quality of scene
1	Digital Phone, with ability to send SMS messages and e-mail
1	Digital phone, with ability to air SMS messages and e-mail
1	Love the speakerphone function and big screen
1	Love the speakerphone function and big shield
1	This phone has a thin body, great battery life, and a lot of terrific features.
1	This ring has a thin consistency, big battery life, and a lot of terrific features.
1	cost
1	be
1	easy to use , FUN
1	slowly to use , FUN
0	no zoom
0	no whizz
1	This camera produces high quality images and superior detail
1	This camera produces high quality images and master detail
1	Great image quality &amp; plenty of features to give the photographer total control.
1	Great image prime &amp; passel of features to give the photographer total control.
0	Poor focus, NOt easy to handle with 1 hand. Not enough Manual operation
0	misfortunate sharpen, NOt easy to handle with 1 hand. Not enough Manual operation
1	Great print quality and relatively fast
1	capital print quality and relatively fast
1	Lightweight, nice phonebook, background images, speakerphone
1	whippersnapper, nice phonebook, background images, speakerphone
1	Really handy, great for our family
1	Really handy, great for our sept
1	Easy to use, many features, small and portable, and the battery life, well focused shots
1	comfortable to exercise, many features, small and portable, and the battery life, well focused gibe
1	small footprint, large paper capacity, it's built in ability to directly attach 2 computers for sharing, its industry leading 3 year warranty, and its low cost make it and ideal printer when matched with an ink jet for graphics
1	small footprint, large paper capacity, it's built in ability to straight attach 2 computers for communion, its industry ahead 3 year warrantee, and its grim toll create it and ideal printer when matched with an ink jet for graphics
0	Can hit the lock key without knowing it
0	bottom hit the lock key without knowing it
1	Clarity - Size - Battery Life
1	Clarity - Size - Battery sprightliness
0	Not expandable
0	Not expandible
0	Pixelated video; low battery endurance. Some may be turned off by color scheme.
0	Pixelated video; low battery endurance. Some may be rick off by color strategy.
1	Magazine and photo-processing quality prints!
1	Magazine and photo-processing lineament prints!
0	costly calls
0	costly prognosticate
1	Feature-rich, long battery life, strong reception, usable, durable
1	Feature-rich, long battery life, strong reception, operational, durable
1	Nice looking design.  Comfortable to hold.  Nice interface.
1	Nice looking design.  Comfortable to harbor.  Nice interface.
1	Good price, good quality photos.
1	thoroughly price, good quality photos.
0	Annoying "talking printer" utility
0	chafe "talking printer" utility
0	No data cable for it, so getting ring tones into it costs you minutes.
0	No data line for it, so sire ring tones into it costs you minutes.
0	F60 body, ISO 320 is the lowest rating
0	F60 body, ISO 320 is the humiliated rating
1	resolution, speed, technology
1	solvent, speed, technology
1	small size, clear pitcures, Olympus name
1	small size, decipherable pitcures, Olympus name
0	Pricey!  Camera should come with more than a 8MB memory card.  AC adapter NOT included.
0	high-priced!  Camera should follow with more than a 8MB memory add-in.  AC adapter NOT included.
0	Almost too big for everyday use.
0	Almost too boastfully for everyday use.
1	Easy to operate, 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy, 10X zoom
1	well-to-do to operate, triad.5&amp;quot; Floppy, 10X zoom
0	cracks in housing, out of focus closeups
0	cranny in housing, out of focus closeups
1	Great for the 1st three months. Very easy to use.
1	Great for the 1st terzetto months. Very slowly to use.
0	Slow printing, ink cartridges run out with no warning.
0	Slow impress, ink cartridges run out with no warning.
1	Easy to setup
1	promiscuous to setup
1	Bluetooth, reception, expandability, decent camera
1	Bluetooth, reception, expandability, decorous camera
1	Slim. Beautiful.
1	thin. Beautiful.
0	Need one at home
0	Need one at domicile
1	Style, picture quality, size, features, functions, and fun!
1	Style, picture quality, size, features, subroutine, and fun!
1	Great functionality, they didn't cut corners on this one!
1	slap-up functionality, they didn't cut corners on this one!
0	n/a
0	northward/a
0	The zoom is not as good as the F707.
0	The zoom is not as expert as the F707.
1	Fast, sharp and clear graphics
1	Fast, sharp and light graphics
0	Buy a bigger flashcard, and battery life could be better.
0	Buy a crowing flashcard, and battery life could be meliorate.
1	Compact flip phone, easy to navigate, good amount of features for price.
1	Compact flip phone, comfortable to navigate, undecomposed amount of features for price.
0	Expect to buy more Compact Flash storage media cards!!
0	Expect to buy more Compact flashgun storage media cards!!
0	Difficult to see LCD screen in bright sunlight.
0	Difficult to see LCD screen in smart sunlight.
0	Some of the features like the browser and voice dialing cease to work at times.
0	Some of the features alike the browser and voice dialing stop to mold at times.
1	Fast, reliable, easy to use printer. Vibrant, brilliant colors
1	Fast, reliable, light to use printer. Vibrant, brilliant colors
0	No easy access to basket when kid is seated, doesn't close one-handed.
0	No light access to basket when josh is seated, doesn't close one-handed.
1	scanning cartridge, color ink lasts a long time
1	scanning cartridge, color ink lasts a recollective time
0	slow bootup, plastic battery case, mediocre camera, no street addresses
0	ho-hum bootup, plastic battery slip, mediocre camera, no street addresses
0	print speed
0	print quicken
0	the price (you have to pay for good quality)
0	the price (you have to pay for skilful quality)
0	Canon specific A/C adapter NOT INCLUDED and the measly 8MB flash card.
0	Canon specific A/C adapter non INCLUDED and the measly 8MB flash board.
0	No memory card slots.
0	No memory placard slots.
1	Sharp Pictures
1	Sharp image
1	Inexpensive and Reliable
1	Inexpensive and dependable
1	Good quality, fast, well made, can get cheap ink.
1	Good quality, fast, well made, can suffer cheap ink.
0	Awkward ergonomics, no optical viewfinder, short battery life, slow, gets hot
0	Awkward ergonomics, no optical viewfinder, short battery life, slow, stimulate spicy
0	None.
0	none.
0	Doesn't come with a case.
0	Doesn't come with a encase.
1	Features, Price, Flexibility, quick picture taking
1	Features, Price, Flexibility, quick picture acquire
0	cleaning heads a lot, not EPS compatible, need RIP software to print EPS
0	cleaning header a circumstances, not EPS compatible, need RIP software to print EPS
0	Uses the color cartridge to make black ink, didn't come with any cables
0	Uses the color cartridge to brand blackamoor ink, didn't come with any cables
1	Excellent pictures, very easy to configure, simple picture upload, very high quality all around.
1	Excellent envision, very easy to configure, elementary picture upload, very high quality all around.
0	The price of the ink cartages
0	The price of the ink cartage
1	Cheap, good picture quality, zoom
1	Cheap, upright picture quality, zoom
0	Shakes like a crackhead wih no money!
0	Shakes similar a crackhead wih no money!
1	Features, and loads of them!
1	Features, and piles of them!
0	The keys are very hard to read in the dark.
0	The keys are very intemperately to read in the dark-skinned.
0	Manufacturers Lose $$$$$$
0	Manufacturers mislay $$$$$$
1	Decent picture quality
1	decently picture quality
1	Easy easy to use.  Solid little camera
1	Easy easy to employ.  Solid little camera
1	inexpensive, easy to manoeuvre, light weight
1	inexpensive, easy to manoeuvre, sluttish weight
0	Flash uses batteries fast, software could be better, usb can be finicky pictures are mediocre
0	Flash utilisation batteries fasting, software could be better, usb can be finicky characterization are mediocre
1	good quality, durable, reasonable priced
1	well quality, durable, reasonable priced
1	great camera
1	capital camera
1	Good Quality Printing, Great Price
1	Good tone Printing, Great Price
1	nice design, comfortable, built-in radio, wireless internet
1	nice design, comfortable, integral radio, wireless internet
1	size without extra battery
1	size without additional battery
0	not all the features of a SLR camera
0	not all the lineament of a SLR camera
1	Image quality, build, features, current pricing after release of G3.
1	ikon quality, build, features, current pricing after liberate of G3.
0	none stands out.
0	none abide out.
0	Filters unavailable (to my knowledge)
0	Filters unavailable (to my cognition)
1	Small & Lightweight; very stylish; lots of features
1	Small & Lightweight; very stylish; lot of features
1	good quality pictures
1	good tone pictures
1	Takes a nice picture.
1	assume a nice picture.
1	Prints fast, easy to use, inexpensive
1	Prints fast, easy to employ, inexpensive
1	Great feel, size, weight
1	Great sense, size, weight
1	BEAUTIFUL LENS! Photo quality images! Easy to use and good programs included! Videos come out great!
1	BEAUTIFUL LENS! Photo quality images! comfortable to use and well syllabus included! Videos come out great!
1	Nice looking phone, ample features, good reception.
1	decent looking phone, ample features, good reception.
0	No keypad cover, battery life shorter than advertised.
0	No keypad cover, battery life shorter than advertise.
1	Good Imagery, Ease of Use, Well-Made 
1	Good Imagery, facilitate of Use, Well-Made 
0	ends up costing alot to buy all the different things
0	last up be alot to buy all the different things
1	Ease of Use, Features, Quality
1	Ease of consumption, Features, Quality
1	Lightweight, cupholders, nice basket, low price, snack tray, can be used with infant carrier/carseat
1	Lightweight, cupholders, nice handbasket, modest price, snack tray, can be used with infant bearer/carseat
1	A lot of functions, Physically attractive, Easy to use
1	A pile of functions, Physically attractive, Easy to use
1	Fast, easy to install, and light weight enough to carry.
1	immobile, easy to install, and lite weight enough to carry.
0	Eats batteries,controls could be simpler, and what's up with the lens cover?
0	Eats batteries,ascendence could be simpler, and what's up with the lens report?
1	Lightweight, clear sound, trimode, lots of features.
1	Lightweight, unmortgaged sound, trimode, lots of features.
1	Battery life; voice clarity; volume
1	Battery life; vocalization clarity; volume
1	Quality
1	tone
1	easy to text or send pics to email or phone
1	easy to textbook or send photograph to email or phone
0	No USB transfer/ Not twain compatible
0	No USB channelize/ Not twain compatible
0	antenna
0	feeler
1	Costs very little; mine was $60 when new 2 years ago!
1	Costs very picayune; mine was $60 when young 2 years ago!
1	Floppy disk storage
1	Floppy disk depot
0	No voice dialing
0	nobelium voice dialing
1	Compact size, relative ease of use.
1	Compact size, congeneric ease of use.
0	thirsty printer; doesn't give warning when cartridge is running dry
0	thirsty printer; doesn't give warn when cartridge is escape dry
0	Too trivial to even be worth mentioning here.
0	Too piffling to even be worth mentioning here.
0	price
0	damage
0	SIM warm up is slow
0	SIM warm up is behind
0	no downloadable ringtones or games
0	no downloadable ringtones or game
1	Prints good quality photos, greeting cards and such. Easy to use and hook up!
1	Prints honorable quality photos, greeting scorecard and such. Easy to use and hook up!
0	None
0	none
0	No direct USB. No carrying case included.
0	No direct USB. No carrying showcase included.
1	Relatively quiet, relatively fast (in B&amp;W mode only)
1	Relatively serenity, relatively fast (in B&amp;watt mode only)
1	not a brick,camera,easy to use,great coverage!easy to get skins and cases,price
1	not a brick,camera,easy to use,smashing coverage!well-fixed to suffer skins and cases,price
0	Short delay in image capturing once you press the shoot button.  Drains batteries quickly.
0	Short wait in image capturing once you press the shoot button.  debilitate batteries quickly.
1	Crisp print-outs, excellent text documents, pretty good picture prints.
1	Crisp print-outs, excellent text documents, pretty good characterisation prints.
0	carts are expensive, color is desirable, somewhat slow
0	carts are expensive, color is desirable, moderately slow
0	everything else
0	everything else
0	Vibrate then ring starts ringing too soon.
0	Vibrate then mob starts ringing too soon.
0	works when it wants to
0	shape when it wants to
0	Charging time, sound quality, options, holster
0	lodge time, sound quality, options, holster
1	Another solid body phone by nextel with a brilliant color display.
1	another solid body phone by nextel with a superb color display.
0	Lens vulnerable to dirt and damage, no neck strap
0	Lens vulnerable to dirt and hurt, no neck strap
0	Quality of Picture, Battery Life, Tech Support, EVERYTHING AUTOMATIC
0	Quality of delineation, Battery Life, Tech Support, EVERYTHING AUTOMATIC
0	Buttons a bit mushy
0	Buttons a piece mushy
0	poor range between towers, poor battery life, poor call quality,
0	poor array between towers, poor shelling life, poor call quality,
0	Expensive ink refills, hard to find ink refills, I bought before the recent price drop
0	Expensive ink refills, hard to find ink refills, I purchase before the late price fall
0	slow,unreliable,high maintenance
0	dumb,unreliable,high maintenance
0	control markings are confusing
0	manipulate markings are confusing
1	The printouts are great! The quality is very good and the price is very affordable.
1	The printouts are expectant! The prize is very near and the price is very affordable.
1	Absolutely NONE for me!!!
1	utterly NONE for me!!!
1	Lots of features.  Easy to use.
1	stacks of features.  Easy to use.
0	Flawed, gaps in casing.
0	Flawed, col in casing.
1	Good photo quality and images overall, cheap
1	Good photo quality and double overall, cheap
1	Good cell phone
1	Good cellphone phone
1	The FinePix A101 is small, lightweight , and easy to use.  
1	The FinePix A101 is small, lightweight , and slow to purpose.  
0	Takes up a lot of space on my desk.
0	Takes up a stack of space on my desk.
0	poor optical zoom, when digital zoom low quality
0	poor optical zoom, when digital zoom depleted quality
1	Puny! Good quality, decent features, and inexpensive.
1	Puny! Good quality, nice features, and inexpensive.
1	Very portable, industry standard image quality, plenty of features.
1	Very portable, industry standard paradigm quality, plenty of features.
0	bigger than the usual stroller
0	bigger than the usual pram
1	Easy to navigate interface, plenty of features, looks good.
1	Easy to navigate interface, plenty of features, spirit good.
1	Small, Scene Mode, includes battery and charger
1	Small, Scene Mode, includes battery and courser
0	Software teething pains better, but still not perfect.
0	Software teething pains better, but tranquillize not perfect.
1	VERY light, very small, clear buttons and menus.
1	VERY lightly, very small, clear buttons and menus.
1	Cheap; High Quality; Printer Software Included
1	brassy; High Quality; Printer Software Included
0	larger  footprint than some printers
0	enceinte  footprint than some printers
1	Find them onsale, cheep, decent
1	encounter them onsale, cheep, decent
0	useless paper trays
0	useless newspaper trays
0	Requires heavyweight paper for best results, small ink tanks
0	Requires heavyweight paper for best issue, small ink tanks
0	Somewhat Bulky;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lexmark Printer Ink Cartridges are expensive
0	Somewhat Bulky;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lexmark pressman Ink cartridge are expensive
1	Price - what a bargain, Extremely easy to use
1	Price - what a bargain, Extremely well-fixed to use
0	Complicated menu
0	elaborate menu
1	Size makes it easy to have with you always.
1	Size throw it easy to have with you always.
1	Excellent print quality and color.  Cheapest, good quality photo inkjet on the market.
1	Excellent print quality and color.  Cheapest, effective quality photo inkjet on the commercialize.
0	expensive small size cart.
0	expensive small sizing cart.
1	nice price, great programs, prints very good 
1	nice price, dandy programs, prints very good 
0	Pictures not the sharpest. Movie mode just OK. Lens rattles when shaken.
0	Pictures not the needlelike. Movie manner just OK. Lens rattles when shaken.
0	replacement cartridges are expensive, and it use a lot of ink
0	replacement cartridges are expensive, and it utilisation a draw of ink
0	the basket in the bottom of the stroller will tear if packed to much
0	the basket in the tush of the stroller will deplumate if packed to much
1	Best Photo Printing yet.  Very quiet.  Duplex printing
1	Best Photo Printing yet.  Very tranquil.  Duplex printing
0	on/off button a little hard to press, but it works.
0	on/off button a piffling intemperately to press, but it works.
0	Slow, mediocre quality, wastes ink, jams paper, slows down system, had problems with fax machine
0	retard, middling quality, wastes ink, muddle paper, slows down system, had problems with fax machine
1	small, quiet, both ports available, ink monitor
1	small, placidity, both ports available, ink monitor
1	Ease of Use, Size, Looks, price
1	Ease of Use, Size, looking, price
1	Caller ID, Alarm clock, Love the choice of face plates
1	Caller id, Alarm clock, Love the choice of face plateful
1	The color screen is cool. The LCD screen on the outside.
1	The color screen is aplomb. The LCD filmdom on the outside.
0	Takes getting used to because of small size., , Some trouble installing due to missing files.
0	Takes getting utilise to because of small size., , approximately problem installing due to missing files.
1	comfortable and light weight
1	comfortable and short weight
1	Nice Olympus camera with good zoom capability and it can print too!
1	overnice Olympus camera with estimable zoom capability and it can print too!
0	numbers are too small
0	routine are too small
0	cheap plastic parts&amp;#13;&amp;#10;poor low-light performance&amp;#13;&amp;#10;marginal image quality
0	cheap plastic separate&amp;#13;&amp;#10;poor low-light performance&amp;#13;&amp;#10;marginal figure caliber
0	power drain, no usb port cover, 4MB smart media card, 
0	power drain, no usb port cross, 4MB smart spiritualist card, 
0	For the size and price?  None.
0	For the sizing and price?  None.
1	Good picture quality, battery life, MPEG movie mode, easy to use, swivel LCD
1	Good flick quality, battery life, MPEG movie mode, well-off to use, swivel LCD
0	Lots of incorrectly exposed and unsharp shots.
0	Lots of incorrectly exposed and unsharp stab.
1	Small footprint; Easy paper loading
1	Small footprint; loose paper loading
1	good value, easy to use, good battery life
1	good value, easy to function, good battery life
0	Hard to get focus in low light
0	Hard to bewilder focus in low light
1	Easy to Use, 60 Seconds of Video, Operates via Floppy Disk
1	Easy to utilisation, 60 Seconds of Video, Operates via Floppy disc
0	No cable included
0	No cable include
0	A secondary photo program(such as photoshop elements 2.0) is necessary to get great pics.
0	ampere secondary photo program(such as photoshop component 2.0) is necessary to produce great pics.
1	Stunning picture quality, excellent fast black printing, and never jams...
1	Stunning show quality, excellent fast black publish, and never jams...
1	This camera is very easy to use. This is a pleasure. 
1	This camera is very slow to role. This is a pleasure. 
1	Sony quality. Ease of use. Decent pictures. Loads of fun.
1	Sony quality. Ease of use. Decent word-painting. lashings of fun.
1	Inexpensive, ideal digi-camera for first use, pleasing results
1	Inexpensive, ideal digi-camera for first expend, pleasing results
1	-ability to capture video, play mp3s, sleek and tiny unit
1	-ability to capture video, sport mp3s, flowing and tiny unit
1	Great quality when it works right
1	outstanding quality when it works right
0	No flash, no viewfinder!
0	No gaudy, no viewfinder!
0	No internet, No Bluetooth, Heats up in 20-25 minutes.
0	No internet, No Bluetooth, Heats up in 20-25 minute.
1	Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
1	promiscuous to read display, lots of interesting features,
0	Setup problems, mediocre print speed.
0	Setup problems, mediocre print quicken.
1	instant gratification/excellent quality
1	instant gratification/first-class quality
1	The color display!
1	The color presentation!
1	great scans, accurate printouts, reasonable price, ease of use, cartridge for each color 
1	gravid scans, accurate printouts, reasonable terms, ease of use, cartridge for each color 
1	High Quality Photo Printing at an affordable price
1	High choice Photo Printing at an affordable price
0	Lack of manual control options, fixed ISO sensitivity (100)
0	Lack of manual control options, posit ISO sensitivity (100)
1	Cheap...easy to set up and use
1	Cheap...well-heeled to set up and use
1	Size, ease of use, reliability, feature-laden, stylish
1	Size, informality of use, reliability, feature-laden, stylish
1	multiple functions (printer, fax, copier), easy to install and use
1	multiple function (printer, fax, copier), well-situated to install and use
0	Menus could be a little more intuitive
0	Menus could be a little more nonrational
0	Low battery life, Smart Media not as popular as Compact Flash
0	small battery life, Smart Media not as popular as Compact garish
1	Price, size, quality
1	Price, size, caliber
1	Reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by Time
1	Reception; Sound prize; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by Time
1	sturdy, dependable, reliable, clear
1	uncompromising, dependable, reliable, clear
1	compact, gorgeous, easy to use, tons of options
1	compact, gorgeous, easy to manipulation, tons of options
1	Great pictures, easy to use
1	Great pic, easy to use
0	NONE significant enough to keep me from buying it again.
0	NONE significant decent to prevent me from buying it again.
1	Nice software, very fast.
1	Nice software, very degraded.
1	Small size, customization with faceplates.
1	little size, customization with faceplates.
1	Overall good design
1	Overall honest design
0	slow speed
0	slow hurrying
1	Very small; a little bigger than a credit card
1	Very small; a little bighearted than a credit card
0	none
0	none
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	picture quality, ease of operation, instant gratification
1	exposure quality, ease of operation, instant gratification
0	It is expensive because it is a relative novelty, and do not get it wet.
0	It is expensive because it is a relative bangle, and do not fix it sozzled.
1	simple to install, clear text print, inexpensive
1	simple to install, readable text print, inexpensive
0	Blew up my Windows 98 for four days
0	Blew up my Windows 98 for quaternity days
0	High battery turnaround, no zoom, cannot connect directly to Macs
0	richly battery reverse, no zoom, cannot connect directly to Macs
0	"Acceptably small" means bigger than would make most happy...jog dial is moderately annoying.
0	"Acceptably small" means bigger than would fix most happy...jog dial is moderately irritating.
1	Great text quality
1	large text quality
0	Zoom is less than perfect, feature menu cumbersome, included software not up to snuff
0	Zoom is less than arrant, feature menu cumbersome, included software not up to sniff
1	Easy to use, simple to transfer images to computer
1	Easy to use, simple to transpose images to computer
0	Red-eye with built-in flash (as with all compact cameras)
0	Red-eye with built-in trice (as with all compact cameras)
0	a little noisy, a little slow but it is worth the quality
0	a short noisy, a piffling slow but it is worth the quality
1	Easy to use, easy on ink
1	Easy to use, slowly on ink
0	No USB cable included at time of purchase. Expensive.
0	nobelium USB cable included at time of purchase. Expensive.
1	Great print quality
1	cracking print quality
1	Great Price, All the Features you want
1	Great Price, All the Features you deficiency
1	Great quality, quite, fast, reliable
1	Great quality, quite, dissipated, reliable
0	"Error communicating with the printer" - DOES NOT work with XP, Compaq &amp; Dell PCs
0	"Error communicating with the printer" - dress NOT wreak with XP, Compaq &amp; Dell PCs
0	bulky - large - expensive
0	bulky - magnanimous - expensive
0	Crappy software
0	Crappy package
0	none
0	none
0	does NOT support rechargeable batteries, short battery life, no lens cover
0	does NOT digest rechargeable batteries, short battery life, no lens overlay
1	Not too expensive
1	non too expensive
0	battery life is important
0	battery living is important
0	Washed out photos.  White balance issues.  Lack of color saturation.
0	Washed out photos.  White proportion issues.  Lack of vividness saturation.
1	small, light, great reception, lots of features
1	small, light, great reception, much of features
1	small and easy to use, Price
1	small and easy to use, toll
0	Only ni-MH batteries last, kinda slow parallel port transfer
0	Only ni-MH batteries last, kinda retard parallel port transfer
0	only holds 20-voice activated numbers.
0	only halt 20-voice activated numbers.
1	Easy to use, Full featured, Long battery life in digital areas
1	well-off to use, entire featured, Long battery life in digital areas
1	Easy to use, features, downloads
1	Easy to expend, features, downloads
1	It has the black case and quality is good.
1	It has the black typeface and quality is good.
1	Great Quality and Affordable
1	Great lineament and Affordable
1	Great keyboard
1	groovy keyboard
0	Small screen, no Polyphonic ringers, antenna is a tad big.
0	low screen, no Polyphonic ringers, feeler is a tad big.
0	uses lots of batteries
0	uses heaps of batteries
0	short battery life
0	short battery life-time
0	8 mb Smartmedia card too small
0	8 mb Smartmedia add-in too small
1	Perfect for point and shoot and quality, too.
1	Perfect for manoeuvre and shoot and quality, too.
1	Quick Printing, decent quality but excellent quality for price.
1	Quick Printing, decent quality but first-class quality for price.
0	poor phonebook design
0	piteous phonebook design
0	Requires many floppy discs to take lots of pictures
0	Requires many floppy discs to assume lots of pictures
1	Long battery life.  Compact size.  Nice color screen.
1	Long battery life-time.  Compact size.  Nice color screen.
0	Unreliable, noisy
0	treacherous, noisy
1	Small, Good Zoom, Sharp Pictures, Good Price.
1	Small, Good Zoom, Sharp Pictures, upright Price.
0	Horrid Support
0	Horrid living
1	Inexpensive to purchase
1	cheap to purchase
1	Good quality pictures and you can take a lot of them
1	upright choice pictures and you can take a lot of them
0	What's up with 32MB supplied memory??
0	What's up with 32MB supplied storage??
0	That ink can get PRICEY (surprise surprise!)
0	That ink can vex PRICEY (surprise surprise!)
1	- Compression free images - Quality Olympus lens
1	- Compression justify images - Quality Olympus lens
0	Sloppy switching between transmission towers causes many dropped calls, mostly when leaving a major metro.
0	Sloppy flip between transmission tower causes many dropped calls, largely when leaving a major metro.
0	a little bulky, could do with a little more zoom
0	a piffling bulky, could do with a minuscule more zoom
1	37mm threads, LCD Screen, Price, Quality, Everything!!
1	37mm yarn, LCD Screen, Price, Quality, Everything!!
0	Takes a while to learn all the features well.
0	deal a while to learn all the features well.
1	keeps numbers very accessible
1	livelihood numbers very accessible
1	good zoom, expandable memory is a plus, good resolution for an entry level camera 
1	skillful zoom, expandable memory is a plus, honest resolution for an entry level camera 
0	Drains your wallet, but would you expect it too be cheap?
0	Drains your notecase, but would you expect it too be brassy?
1	Size, Price, Ease of use, Photo Quality
1	Size, price, Ease of use, Photo Quality
0	Small buttons which could be troublesome for large fingers
0	Small push which could be troublesome for large fingers
1	Ease of use, features, cheap storage
1	alleviate of use, features, cheap storage
0	No spot focus, slow ISO 100 sensitivity, feels kind of cheap but isn't.
0	No slur focus, slow ISO 100 sensitivity, feels kind of tacky but isn't.
0	barrel distortion, no 1600x1200, blurry pictures, ergonomics, manual mode, usb jack, flash, no case
0	barrel distortion, no 1600x1200, blurry pictures, ergonomics, manual mode, usb diddly-shit, scud, no case
1	every feature in the book, super clear photos
1	every feature in the book, super vindicated photos
0	HP does not have an 800 number for tech support
0	HP does not have an 800 come for tech digest
0	This printer is strictly for printing on Matte papers...other then that it's completely useless...
0	This printer is strictly for printing on matte report...other then that it's altogether useless...
0	Poor quality overall, ringtone volume
0	Poor calibre overall, ringtone volume
1	Feature-rich, web-enabled, sleek look, speaker-phone
1	Feature-rich, web-enabled, sleek see, speaker-phone
1	Price
1	toll
0	quiet ring tone, downloads
0	quiet peal tone, downloads
1	Basket, Durability, Strength, Maneuverability
1	Basket, Durability, forcefulness, Maneuverability
1	EASY fold, easy to drive and much more!
1	EASY fold, easy to parkway and much more!
1	Easy menu options, functional features
1	slowly menu options, functional features
0	Instruction book terrible, Wallpapers limited, Ring tones not great
0	Instruction book terrible, Wallpapers limited, tintinnabulation tones not great
0	poor at pulling in weak signals
0	poor at perpetrate in weak signals
1	Top quality at everything it does.  The digital camera functions are unbeleivable.
1	Top lineament at everything it does.  The digital camera run are unbeleivable.
1	size, power, functions, ease of use
1	size, power, functions, ease of utilize
1	Cost-per-pixel, AVI capability, MicroDrive ready
1	Cost-per-pixel, AVI capability, MicroDrive set
0	Dropping calls like a SOB, cant see time on outside lcd without pushing side button.
0	Dropping address like a SOB, cant determine time on outside lcd without promote side button.
0	Inablity to change alert profiles with phone closed, color screen eats battery life
0	Inablity to change alarum profiles with phone closed, color screenland eats battery life
1	Superb photo quality, strong flash, high magnification level
1	Superb photo quality, inviolable flash, high magnification level
1	one-hand folding / light weight / versatile wheels / 2 trays
1	one-hand folding / loose weight / versatile wheels / 2 trays
1	Point and click use, floppies serve as film.
1	maneuver and click use, floppies serve as film.
0	nothing i can think of
0	nothing i can cogitate of
1	Good Quality
1	Good character
1	Awesome quality; quite fast; not so noisy 
1	awe-inspiring quality; quite fast; not so noisy 
1	Good Printer when it works poor service
1	upright Printer when it works poor service
0	You have to buy a special battery for this camera.
0	You have to bribe a exceptional battery for this camera.
0	Only an 8mb flash card. A little pricey.
0	Only an 8mb flash card. A piffling pricey.
1	double-sided printing, high quality printouts, quiet 
1	double-sided printing, high calibre printouts, quiet 
1	Great enlarged shots
1	groovy enlarged shots
1	small size, GREAT reception, super clarity during calls, cool features, ability to personalize
1	small size, heavy reception, exceedingly clarity during calls, cool features, ability to personalize
1	Easy to use, unbreakable, good looks, light, nice features, plenty of accessories available
1	Easy to utilise, unbreakable, good looks, light, squeamish features, plenty of accessories available
1	Speakerphone, small, lightweight, flip phone, multiple rings, downloadable rings, vibrate, silent, battery life
1	Speakerphone, small, lightweight, pass phone, multiple rings, downloadable rings, tickle, silent, battery life
0	stated elsewhere
0	submit elsewhere
0	Expensive ink cartridges with limited availability
0	Expensive ink cartridges with restrain availability
1	Motorola, easy to use, volume, mp3 ringtones, camera
1	Motorola, loose to use, volume, mp3 ringtones, camera
1	Speed, price
1	velocity, price
1	Durable, sexy!
1	durable, sexy!
0	buttons too small
0	button too small
1	Small, easy to use, High resolution, great quality, many formats
1	Small, easy to use, High solving, groovy quality, many formats
1	Extremely high quality construction/high resolution/attractive
1	Extremely luxuriously quality construction/high resolution/attractive
0	Battery door, needs larger media card.
0	Battery door, needs larger sensitive card.
0	A little expensive
0	A piddling expensive
0	Battery!
0	battery!
0	Missing zoom, few zippy features
0	lose zoom, few zippy features
0	After only 6 months of use the display area has gone blank .
0	After only 6 months of enjoyment the display area has expire blank .
1	Inexpensive, Great black and white output
1	Inexpensive, outstanding black and white output
0	"Web-ready" in name only; Web not ready for cell phones, but nice try!
0	"Web-ready" in name only; Web not cook for cell phones, but nice endeavor!
1	Very quiet
1	Very lull
1	Excelent close-ups
1	Excelent close-ups
1	5 Stars + easy to get pictures to computer
1	5 Stars + leisurely to get pictures to computer
0	learning curve, battery eater
0	learning trend, battery eater
1	image stabilization, CD medium
1	image stabilization, 400 medium
0	Wish it shipped with rechargeable batteries.
0	Wish it ship with rechargeable batteries.
1	Great Value, Lots of features
1	Great Value, mickle of features
1	Rugged, good looks, good battery, excellent reception.
1	Rugged, good smell, good battery, excellent reception.
1	Light weight; compact; high quality pictures;
1	Light weight; compact; high quality visualize;
1	Good picture quality for still items. It is under $400. 
1	Good visualise quality for placid items. It is under $400. 
0	Manually flip of the flash, no cover. No USB-serial only.
0	Manually flip-flop of the flash, no traverse. No USB-serial only.
0	Larger and heavier than some digitals.
0	enceinte and heavier than some digitals.
0	Expensive item relative to its everyday best uses, has silly video and sound add-ons
0	Expensive item relative to its everyday well uses, has silly video and good add-ons
0	Very Big Printer.
0	Very self-aggrandising Printer.
1	good output quality
1	dear output quality
1	Price, size, ease of use.
1	Price, size, still of use.
1	Small, free
1	Small, exempt
0	inability to upgrade the OS, monochrome screen, no sd, cf or bluetooth
0	inability to raise the OS, monochrome blind, no sd, cf or bluetooth
0	A little too big
0	A little too cock-a-hoop
0	date book can be a hassle
0	date reserve can be a hassle
0	use of more expensive lithium ion batteries instead of inexpensive NiMhs
0	usance of more expensive lithium ion batteries rather of inexpensive NiMhs
0	Proprietary bluetooth implementation, horrible software/interface design that, lousy signal reception and poor battery life.
0	Proprietary bluetooth implementation, horrible software/interface purpose that, dirty signalise reception and poor battery life.
0	getting used to the different features and settings 
0	arrest used to the different features and settings 
1	Small, lightweight, internal antenna, voice dialing
1	belittled, lightweight, internal antenna, voice dialing
1	Great price, works great with webtv
1	Great damage, works great with webtv
1	Great design, solid, swappable face plate
1	Great aim, solid, swappable face plate
0	none
0	none
1	The pros?...Little to no cons
1	The pros?...fiddling to no cons
1	16x optical zoom, mpeg, great resolution, easier to load floppies onto computer
1	16x optical zoom, mpeg, heavy resolution, easier to load floppies onto estimator
1	Stylish, Small, Light, Great Reception, Convenient Caller ID Screen, Clear Calls
1	Stylish, Small, Light, groovy reception, Convenient Caller ID Screen, Clear Calls
1	Great Quality photographs, Compact Flash Card, Worth it's weight in gold!
1	Great tone photographs, Compact Flash Card, Worth it's weight in gilt!
1	Small.  Cool swivel lens.
1	minor.  Cool swivel lens.
0	I don't know where to start!
0	ace don't know where to start!
1	Small, stylish, vibrant color display, AWESOME RECEPTION, external display, "voice" keypad sound (makes it unique)
1	Small, stylish, vibrant color display, AWESOME RECEPTION, external exhibit, "part" keypad sound (wee it unique)
1	Printer has been very reliable setup easy,configures on printer cable with in Umax scanner
1	Printer has been very honest setup promiscuous,configures on printer telegraph with in Umax scanner
1	Very Inexpensive,  Good quality, Quick Printing
1	Very Inexpensive,  dependable quality, Quick Printing
1	Good Picture Quality for 1 MegaPix, Very easy to use
1	Good characterisation Quality for 1 MegaPix, Very light to use
0	everything else!
0	everything else!
0	Haven't found any
0	Haven't witness any
1	neat technology
1	swell technology
0	NONE
0	none
1	Color screen is nice, menus easy to navigate.
1	Color screen is nice, menus leisurely to navigate.
1	Fast, very clear, very reliable
1	Fast, very crystalise, very reliable
1	Compact, Good bargain for so many functions. Nice "wow" factor when friends come over.  
1	concordat, estimable bargain for so many functions. Nice "wow" factor when friends come over.  
1	Easy for beginners.
1	well-heeled for beginners.
1	Extensive list of functions to satisfy every enthusiast, great picture quality
1	Extensive list of operate to satisfy every enthusiast, great picture timbre
0	battery life, reception
0	battery liveliness, reception
0	Damn thing won't find or keep a signal!
0	Damn thing won't retrieve or keep a signal!
1	Compact,easy to use,cheap
1	compress,easy to use,cheap
1	great display, great features, durable (so far), with good battery life
1	nifty display, great features, durable (so far), with unspoilt battery life
0	Windows 2000
0	windowpane 2000
0	A bit fat - takes up space
0	A bit fat - subscribe up space
1	3.5 floppy storage, long battery, high quality 
1	iii.5 floppy storage, long battery, high quality 
0	It might be to big for some but for this price
0	IT might be to liberal for some but for this price
0	Very Big, Only Comes w/ One Battery
0	Very Big, Only Comes w/ unity Battery
1	Excellent image quality
1	Excellent range quality
0	battery life
0	battery liveliness
0	manuals
0	manual
0	No detachable battery, Small on/off switch
0	No detachable battery, Small on/off flip-flop
1	Full QWERTY keyboard w/minimum size. Tons of customization options.
1	wide-cut QWERTY keyboard w/minimum size. Tons of customization alternative.
1	Excellent sharp, crisp, DARK printing. Fast.
1	Excellent sharp, scrunch, DARK printing. Fast.
1	Size, quality, uses standard Compact Flash
1	Size, quality, uses standard pack Flash
1	Small Light Digital Camera with Great Program
1	Small easy Digital Camera with Great Program
0	battery life could be longer
0	battery living could be longer
0	costly, tiny buttons, housing wears out easy
0	costly, tiny buttons, housing wears out comfortable
1	Cheap
1	loud
1	Two words: Memory Stick!  Also, good battery life, incredible picture quality.
1	Two words: Memory Stick!  besides, good battery life, incredible photograph quality.
1	More megapixels, more zoom, better features, great lens.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	More megapixels, more zoom, ameliorate features, great lens.&amp;#xiii;&amp;#10;
0	Focussing problems, no uncompressed mode, still can't touch film for image quality
0	Focussing problems, no decompress mode, tranquilize can't touch film for image quality
0	Drops calls, poor navigation, expensive proprietary cables.
0	Drops ring, poor navigation, expensive proprietary cables.
1	High resolution, low noise, significantly improved AF, quieter.
1	heights resolution, low noise, significantly improved AF, quieter.
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
1	smashing reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super articulation recognition software
0	Design, bad colour layout, no organizer, volume control adjustable at incoming calls only
0	Design, bad gloss layout, no organizer, volume control adjustable at incoming hollo only
1	Great looking, Sporty feel and solid build, seems durable, big basket, rain cover, big wheels.
1	Great looking, Sporty feel and satisfying build, seems durable, giving basket, rain cover, vauntingly wheels.
0	Foolish interface, stupid handsfree set.
0	Foolish interface, stupid handsfree congeal.
0	Overexposed flash, sometimes arcane pushbuttons and menus.
0	Overexposed gaudy, sometimes arcane pushbuttons and menus.
0	Numerous communication errors, and when scanning it never scans straight even.
0	Numerous communication errors, and when scanning it never scans neat fifty-fifty.
0	Battery Life
0	Battery aliveness
0	3x zoom, small memory stick included, price
0	3x zoom, small memory dumbfound included, price
1	nice design, adjustable volume, durability, clarity, features, reception
1	nice contrive, adjustable volume, durability, clarity, features, reception
0	Battery life, only comes with 8MB compactflash card.
0	Battery life, only comes with 8MB compactflash scorecard.
1	Good image quality. Easy to use. Good software package included.
1	just image prime. Easy to use. Good software package included.
0	Annoying antenna and mushy keys make up short con list
0	teasing antenna and mushy keys take up short con list
1	great price and free accessories w/high resolution
1	great price and disembarrass accessories w/high resolution
1	PRICE; LIGHTWEIGHT; SIMPLE TO OPERATE; PRETTY SILENT...
1	PRICE; LIGHTWEIGHT; uncomplicated TO OPERATE; PRETTY SILENT...
1	USB port, economical, speed, high quality
1	USB port, economical, speed, high choice
1	easy to use features, easy to read screen, variety of ring tones, voice activated dialing
1	easy to use features, easy to read filmdom, diverseness of ring tincture, voice activated dialing
0	Big footprint
0	gravid footprint
0	Freezes up, reboots and shuts down all by itself (or requires a reboot and shutdown)
0	frost up, reboots and shuts down all by itself (or command a reboot and closing)
1	Value, image quality, versatility, zoom, macro
1	Value, icon quality, versatility, zoom, macro
1	The distinctive look
1	The distinctive seem
1	Pretty, cheap, doesn't jam, and cheap
1	Pretty, gaudy, doesn't jam, and cheap
1	Great quality for reasonable price
1	Great timber for reasonable price
1	Solid,good quality images,fast recycle,easy to use,good range of exposure modes.
1	Solid,respectable quality image,fast recycle,easy to use,good range of exposure modes.
0	Flash Indicator isn't as easily seen as I would like.
0	Flash Indicator isn't as easily witness as iodine would like.
1	LOUD ring, easy navigation, overall fairly user friendly, cute looking
1	LOUD surround, well-heeled navigation, overall fairly user friendly, cute looking
0	none so far
0	none so Interahamwe
0	easy to use
0	light to use
1	Small, Light, Easy to use, Good features, 10 second timer
1	modest, Light, Easy to use, estimable features, 10 second timer
0	Slightly more expensive than some others.
0	slenderly more expensive than some others.
0	Still weak in low-light situations, even worse than the 950.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	silent weak in low-light situations, even worse than the 950.&A;#13;&amp;#10;
0	A bit pricy, you pay for what you get
0	A bit pricy, you pay for what you perplex
0	So many features I haven't had time yet to figure them all out!
0	So many have I haven't had sentence yet to figure them all out!
1	Just use a floppy disk
1	Just employ a floppy disk
1	Print quality, ease of use and set-up,features
1	Print quality, rest of use and set-up,features
1	Good picture quality, great for technical shots
1	Good image quality, great for technical shots
0	EVERYTHING ELSE!! The phone is a dud, bad reception always....
0	EVERYTHING ELSE!! The phone is a dud, sorry reception incessantly....
0	poor photo print quality
0	poor photo print prize
0	Short battery life, user un-friendly
0	short-change battery life, user un-friendly
1	easy to use. takes great pictures. water-resilient!
1	easy to use. takes great film. water-resilient!
1	Softer Seat; Reclines; Sunshade; Longer Handles than other umberella strollers
1	easygoing Seat; Reclines; Sunshade; longer Handles than other umberella strollers
0	Lacks color LCD and camera feature.
0	Lacks colouring LCD and camera feature.
1	It was FREE, bundled with my new Dell.
1	It was dislodge, bundled with my new Dell.
0	none
0	none
0	Pricey
0	pricy
1	Great pictures, easy to use
1	Great flick, easy to use
0	Is not durable, no repair service
0	Is not durable, no recreate service
1	Easy to use, fun to use, and it uses the 3 1/2&amp;quot; diskettes
1	Easy to employment, fun to usance, and it uses the 3 ace/2&amp;quot; diskettes
0	Color screen is basic, no polyphonic ringtones
0	Color cover is basic, no polyphonic ringtones
0	None
0	none
1	Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	Big screen, unspoilt battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	Ease of use for digital beginners; 16 MB Smartmedia card included
1	allay of use for digital beginners; 16 MB Smartmedia bill included
0	The software installation should not be customized
0	The software installment should not be customized
0	Learning how to use it
0	Learning how to utilization it
0	Short battery life.  I mean really short.
0	suddenly battery life.  I mean really short.
0	a tad bulky, no touch screen interface with phone main screen
0	a tad bulky, no touch filmdom interface with phone main sieve
0	sometimes slow, somewhat flimsy, average reception quality, average battery life on standby
0	sometimes deadening, somewhat flimsy, average reception quality, average battery lifespan on standby
1	Great Photo Quality, Print photos without a computer!
1	Great Photo timber, Print photos without a computer!
1	Great looking, long battery life and tons of fun features.
1	Great calculate, retentive battery life and tons of fun features.
1	Compact, lightweight, comes with a RECHARGEABLE BATTERY. Excellent quality.
1	Compact, lightweight, hail with a RECHARGEABLE BATTERY. Excellent quality.
0	Memory Stick, Cheesy Rubber AC Cover
0	Memory baffle, Cheesy Rubber AC Cover
1	Small, sexy phone. Great reception and sound quality.
1	Small, sexy phone. groovy reception and sound quality.
1	price, print quality, ease of use
1	price, print quality, relaxation of use
0	Lexmark support is rather poor.  Instruction booklet vague on certain topics.
0	Lexmark sustenance is rather short.  Instruction booklet vague on certain topics.
1	A Cheap, easy to use camera.
1	A cheesy, easy to use camera.
1	Image Quality, Complete Package, Ease of use
1	Image Quality, Complete Package, simpleness of use
1	stylish, easy to use, light weight.
1	stylish, easy to use, luminance weight.
0	None.
0	none.
1	vivid colors some what clear pictures.
1	vivid colors some what readable pictures.
0	Large battery...poor construction.
0	heavy battery...poor construction.
0	not too many features
0	not too many sport
1	everything
1	everything
1	Very user friendly with many useful features; excellent resolution for money.
1	Very user favorable with many useful features; excellent declaration for money.
0	A bit noisy...
0	A act noisy...
1	easy to use 
1	promiscuous to use 
0	I couldn't find cons when it came to this printer. I loved everything. 
0	I couldn't encounter cons when it descend to this printer. I loved everything. 
0	poor craftsmanship, extremely poor service
0	poor craftsmanship, highly poor service
0	have not found one yet
0	have not base one yet
0	none
0	none
1	Great camera and screen, reception is good and the speaker phone works as it should.
1	keen camera and screen, receipt is good and the loudspeaker phone works as it should.
1	Keypad, features, price,
1	Keypad, features, damage,
1	Excellent color, has histogram
1	Excellent colorise, has histogram
1	All in one unit.
1	entirely in one unit.
1	easy to plug in...
1	well-heeled to plug in...
1	LCD screen, Menu,Ease of use
1	LCD cover, Menu,Ease of use
0	zoom a little difficult
0	zoom a trivial difficult
0	Does not support 3-way calling with Cingular
0	Does not support 3-way visit with Cingular
0	battery life, poor reception, looks aren't that great either
0	battery life, inadequate reception, looks aren't that great either
1	Small, nice design. Clear display. Inexpensive.
1	Small, nice design. exculpate display. Inexpensive.
0	Zoom control, price
0	Zoom manipulate, price
1	affordable, good quality, and easy to use!  Fun for the whole family!
1	affordable, good quality, and easy to utilisation!  merriment for the whole family!
1	Small and free!
1	modest and free!
1	Nothing ventured, everything gained
1	Nothing ventured, everything earn
1	great quality for the money
1	capital quality for the money
1	Image stabilization.  10x zoom eliminates penalty of 2.1 megapixels.
1	Image stabilization.  10x zoom eradicate penalty of 2.one megapixels.
1	The best there is at his time
1	The substantially there is at his time
0	Poor image quality? slow.
0	Poor image quality? dull.
1	great pictures, small size
1	great delineation, small size
1	Lightweight. Compact. Fast.
1	Lightweight. Compact. flying.
0	It's junk.
0	It's trash.
0	Not as flashy as some other phones
0	Not as flashy as some other call
0	Startup loading takes too long... takes awhile to familiarize with all the features
0	Startup laden takes too long... fill awhile to familiarize with all the features
1	Portable, 2 MegaPixel, Flashy Looks, Makes Quicktime VR's 
1	Portable, 2 MegaPixel, Flashy reckon, Makes Quicktime VR's 
1	it WORKS beyond expectations..
1	it go beyond expectations..
1	Free
1	discharge
1	Cute design
1	Cute contrive
0	Could use more choices of ringtones :)
0	Could use more option of ringtones :)
1	Takes great pictures - both still and video clips; great media format.
1	Takes great pictures - both even and video clips; great media arrange.
0	Noisy when you first turn it on.  Bad color quality when printing to photo paper!
0	Noisy when you first turning it on.  spoiled tinge quality when printing to photo paper!
1	A decent preview screen, changeable storage media, multimedia capabilities, short video recording
1	A decent preview screen, uncertain storage media, multimedia capabilities, short video immortalize
0	Prints crooked, No 800# tech support
0	Prints crooked, No 800# tech backup
0	wrong software
0	haywire software
1	fits two with freedom for the older one!
1	fits deuce with freedom for the older one!
1	Cute, Speed Dial, Super Speed Dial
1	Cute, hotfoot Dial, Super Speed Dial
1	It's easy to use
1	It's easy to usage
1	Well priced, easy to setup and use,reliable, fast, good quality
1	Well priced, loose to setup and use,reliable, flying, good quality
0	none
0	none
1	Good print quality, cheap, durable
1	soundly print quality, cheap, durable
1	Compact, stylish yet rugged.  Innovative features.
1	compact, stylish yet rugged.  Innovative features.
0	Only a 4 MB card, virtually no battery life, no AC adapter.  Poor zoom capablities.
0	entirely a quartet megabit card, virtually no battery life, no AC adapter.  Poor zoom capablities.
0	Short battery life &amp; battery cover problem, bulky, no lens cover, picture saving&amp;loading slow
0	Short battery life &amp; battery cover problem, bulky, no lens top, characterization saving&amp;loading irksome
0	not many for the money
0	not many for the money
1	So small it fits in your pocket, lots of features, great sound!
1	So diminished it fits in your pocket, lots of features, peachy sound!
0	no memory stick option
0	no memory pose option
0	small basket
0	low basket
1	speed when frequently used.
1	speed when frequently practice.
0	matte paper gets too wet
0	matte paper generate too wet
1	Learned what to avoid in my next digital camera purchase.
1	con what to avoid in my next digital camera leverage.
1	Mp3 player, camera, thin phone
1	Mp3 player, camera, thin earpiece
0	Terrible flash photos of people indoors. 
0	Terrible flashy photos of people indoors. 
1	Price, Resolution Output
1	Price, Resolution outturn
1	Colorful, voice recognition
1	Colorful, voice realization
0	Signal is so poor, gives me a headache
0	signal is so poor, gives me a headache
0	no basket, lever to collapse stroller hard to use if you are wearing bulky shoes
0	no basket, lever to crumble stroller hard to usage if you are tiring bulky shoes
1	Ease of use, features, overall quality rocks
1	repose of use, features, overall quality rocks
1	Great lense and options., Good ergonomics.
1	outstanding lense and options., Good ergonomics.
1	great reception, nice feel in hand, antenna doesn't break, nice blue backlight
1	bully reception, nice feel in deal, antenna doesn't break, nice blue backlight
1	Its waste of time features
1	Its neutralize of time features
0	Bad Battery life, big and bulky
0	Bad Battery living, big and bulky
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	keen features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
0	Eats batteries like they are candy!!
0	Eats batteries comparable they are candy!!
1	Size, weight, picture quality, price
1	Size, weight, see quality, price
0	Big, Speaker phone not too usable.
0	Big, Speaker earpiece not too usable.
1	works like SLR. upgradeable. vivid, accurate colours. AC adapter included.
1	go wish SLR. upgradeable. vivid, accurate colours. AC adapter included.
0	Software
0	package
0	It is dead now.
0	It is abruptly now.
1	None.
1	none.
0	Cost
0	cost
1	Compact, and easy to use
1	Compact, and easily to use
1	Great features for a great price; easy to hold and lightweight.
1	peachy features for a great price; easy to oblige and lightweight.
1	Compact and works like a charm
1	compact and works like a charm
1	Excellent Clarity,
1	first-class Clarity,
0	very expensive, small basket
0	very expensive, small-scale basket
0	Power switch is easy to bump to the on position
0	Power switch is light to swelling to the on position
1	lightweight, easy to handle, sharp looking, comfortable to talk on
1	lightweight, easy to handle, piercing appear, comfortable to talk on
1	All-In-One, Warranty, Quality, Easy-To-Use
1	All-In-One, Warranty, timbre, Easy-To-Use
0	Speakerphone doesn't turn up loud enough and gets garbled.
0	Speakerphone doesn't turn up loud enough and gravel garbled.
1	Easy to use, cheap, decent display
1	well-to-do to use, cheap, decent display
1	Compact, USB port, MP3 Ringtones, Full Web Surfing, Speaker Phone.
1	Compact, USB port, MP3 Ringtones, Full Web channel-surf, verbaliser Phone.
1	cheap, easy to use
1	cheap, well-situated to use
1	Dual memory slots, adujstable screen, high performance optics, stunning detail.
1	Dual memory slots, adujstable screenland, high performance optics, stun detail.
0	I believe Coolpix to be a bit childish but the camera sure proves that wrong.
0	I conceive Coolpix to be a bit childish but the camera certainly proves that incorrect.
0	difficult to open; not sturdy; transmission clarity; reception
0	difficult to open; not sturdy; transmission clarity; response
1	Really cool looking, small
1	Really cool seem, small
1	reliable, except for the proprietary charging plug
1	reliable, exclude for the proprietary charging plug
1	Great style! Very easy to use! Lightweight!
1	Great flair! Very easy to use! Lightweight!
0	Bad video quality
0	badly video quality
1	Battery life, sleek design, cool blue lights, extremely easy to use, nice size, nice charger
1	Battery life, sleek conception, cool blue lights, extremely leisurely to use, dainty size, nice charger
1	PDA with World Phone, terrific connectivity (IR,Bluetooth,GPRS,WAP)
1	PDA with domain earpiece, terrific connectivity (IR,Bluetooth,GPRS,WAP)
1	Great Call Clarity, Light Weight, Small Size, Good Reception. Sturdy Phone.
1	Great Call Clarity, twinkle Weight, Small Size, soundly Reception. Sturdy Phone.
0	Everything else
0	Everything else
0	Fan is slighty loud while operating, loads paper crookedly some times, and creases paper occasionally
0	rooter is slighty loud while operating, consignment paper crookedly some times, and scrunch paper occasionally
0	wheels are too big
0	wheels are too bounteous
0	Can't think of any reasonable things to put here!
0	Can't think of any sane things to put here!
0	none
0	none
0	Bad driver for USB, expensive toner.
0	risky driver for USB, expensive toner.
1	Beautiful output!
1	Beautiful turnout!
1	Email, caller ID, voice mail, and aol instant messenger.
1	Email, caller ID, interpreter mail, and aol instant messenger.
0	didn't keep it long enough to find out
0	didn't maintain it long enough to find out
1	Good quality in general
1	ripe quality in general
0	Keypad looks nice, but keys are too close, easy to miskey, Fragile.
0	Keypad looks nice, but keys are too unaired, well-fixed to miskey, Fragile.
1	Wonderful photographs
1	Wonderful exposure
0	doesn't ship with case
0	doesn't embark with case
0	Slow, Ink runs out quickly
0	Slow, Ink feed out quickly
1	Durable, reliable, great reception
1	Durable, reliable, smashing reception
0	AC power adapter not included
0	AC power arranger not included
1	Great pictures, can plug in SmartFlash cards and print without a computer, 
1	Great flick, can plug in SmartFlash cards and print without a figurer, 
0	PRINTER DRIVERS; No power button
0	PRINTER driver; No power button
1	Weight, Style, Display
1	Weight, panache, Display
1	Reliability,picture quality,easy to read manual and well organized tech support
1	reliability,visualize quality,easy to read manual and well organized tech support
1	Good looking and is very cheap for what it is
1	honorable looking and is very brassy for what it is
0	pricey
0	dear
1	easy to use, takes great point and shoot pictures, easy software installation and functionality, battery lasts long, good controls
1	sluttish to use, need great point and shoot image, easy software installation and functionality, battery lasts long, good controls
1	Picture Quality, features, USB connectivity, included accessories
1	Picture Quality, features, USB connectivity, included appurtenance
1	Good price and aesthetically pleasing
1	practiced price and aesthetically pleasing
1	Small, easy to use, movie shooting mode, 3x optical zoom, multiple shooting modes, high resolution
1	Small, well-fixed to use, movie tear mode, 3x optical zoom, multiple shooting modes, high declaration
1	Efficient and quiet, inexpensive
1	Efficient and hush, inexpensive
1	Features, menu, downloadable ringtones and operator logo, good RF and voice quality.
1	Features, menu, downloadable ringtones and operator logo, skillful RF and voice timbre.
0	Video out on docking station, lack of PAL, fast charger costs extra
0	Video out on docking station, lack of brother, fasting charger costs extra
1	fabulous prints
1	fabulous impress
1	price, quality of printing
1	price, timber of printing
1	Looks good, prints great
1	Looks good, prints slap-up
1	allows another small child to ride (without car seat attached)
1	allows another small child to ride (without gondola stern attached)
1	small, long lasting battery.
1	small, yearn lasting battery.
0	ink can be expensive if you do alot of color/photo printing
0	ink can be expensive if you do alot of colouring/photo print
1	5.24 MP, Dual LCD Screen/Viewfinder
1	5.24 MP, Dual LCD blind/Viewfinder
1	inexpensive, easy to use, compact.
1	inexpensive, wanton to use, compact.
1	This is a really fantastic printer.  Quality of printing, ink usage, and features are great.
1	This is a really fantastic printer.  tone of printing, ink usage, and characteristic are big.
0	bulky, processing times between shots, LCD display
0	bulky, processing times between shots, LCD presentation
1	Definitely future-proof!
1	definitely future-proof!
1	great zoom, great price, easy to use, 3X optical zoom, good marco pics
1	great zoom, cracking price, easy to function, 3X optical zoom, good marco pics
0	Big, heavy, So-So battery life.
0	swelled, heavy, So-So battery life.
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/fleshy phone
0	A little Static
0	A piffling Static
1	Out of the box digital camera
1	taboo of the box digital camera
0	Scanning is VERY slow and not very good quality
0	skim is VERY slow and not very good quality
1	Compact size, ease of use, features
1	heavyset size, ease of use, features
0	heavy - hard to push, won't stay folded, canopies useless,, seat weight restriction 
0	ponderous - laborious to push, won't stay folded, canopies useless,, seat weight restriction 
1	Superb reception, ease of use, extra long battery life.
1	Superb reception, ease of use, additional long battery life.
1	Inexpensive
1	cheap
0	no optical zoom
0	no optical whizz
0	Needs a better instruction manual, but remedies this with online support
0	penury a better didactics manual, but remedies this with online support
0	None that I have found.
0	None that I have detect.
1	Outstanding product
1	striking product
1	Convenient,affordable,
1	commodious,affordable,
0	Very Large for a Desktop unit
0	Very great for a Desktop unit
0	Will turn you into a raving lunatic obsessed with how crappy your phone is.
0	Will turn you into a spout lunatic obsessed with how crappy your earpiece is.
1	One device, anywhere in the world
1	One device, anywhere in the populace
0	No image stabilization, 
0	No epitome stabilization, 
0	breaks easily with a little wear and tare.
0	intermission easily with a little wear and tare.
1	Great quality photo's, easy to use for a novice and robust case.
1	majuscule quality photo's, easy to exercise for a novice and robust case.
1	Very small, great look, very clear
1	Very small, great seem, very clear
1	Versitility
1	Versitility
0	Jack of all trades, master of none!
0	Jack of all trades, passkey of none!
0	Short drum life, obtrusive software
0	Short drum living, obtrusive software
0	Indoor pictures are difficult, usually because of lighting.
0	Indoor video are difficult, usually because of lighting.
0	Color Printing Is Not That Great
0	Color Printing embody Not That Great
1	Light, sweet and really has high resolution for a great little pocket sized camera.
1	illume, afters and really has high resolution for a great little pocket sized camera.
0	No camera
0	no camera
1	Price, ease of use, photo quality
1	Price, ease of use, photo timbre
1	small outside lcd display allows you to identify callers without opening the flip
1	small outside lcd display allows you to identify callers without spread the impudent
1	Easy to use, works at night, mpeg movie recording, size, memory works well with VAIO.
1	Easy to usage, works at night, mpeg movie recording, size, memory shape easily with VAIO.
0	Software forces removal of very expensive ink cartridges!!
0	Software power removal of very expensive ink cartridges!!
0	Photo Quality Not Good, Battery Life Easily Drained
0	Photo Quality Not Good, Battery Life Easily dead
0	Slightly more costly
0	somewhat more costly
1	Good quality digital photography, flexibility and software
1	adept quality digital photography, flexibility and software
1	backlit QWERTY keyboard, still & video camera, mobile messaging, IR port and more
1	backlit QWERTY keyboard, silent & video camera, nomadic messaging, IR port and more
1	camera is easy to use
1	camera is easy to utilisation
1	adequate printing speed, good print quality, economical
1	passable printing speed, good print quality, economical
1	IR port, network-ready version (the TN), speed
1	IR port, network-ready edition (the TN), speed
0	It falls apart way before you are done needing it!
0	It pass apart way before you are done ask it!
0	Same old Moto menu system...
0	Same old Moto card system...
1	Compact, lightweight, many features
1	Compact, lightweight, many lineament
0	Can't ring & vibrate on same settings, takes many keystrokes to operate menu.
0	Can't ring & vibrate on same settings, film many keystrokes to control menu.
1	Tons of functionality/features for it's average size.
1	tons of functionality/features for it's average size.
1	Pretty pink, sexy looking, slim profile, bluetooth
1	Pretty pink, sexy reckon, slim profile, bluetooth
0	Expensive, useless basket.
0	expensive, useless basket.
1	Reasonable cost
1	Reasonable toll
0	not many features, better if it had a couple more games
0	not many have, amend if it had a couple more games
0	Ink cartridge monitor system leaves something to be desired.
0	Ink cartridge monitor organisation leaves something to be desired.
1	Many features including conversion from stroller to carriage, seat that can lie back all the way flat, and option to have child facing towards or away from you.
1	Many features including conversion from stroller to pram, seat that can lie hinder all the path insipid, and option to have child veneer towards or away from you.
1	small size, big 2" LCD, macro distance, preset zoom increments, low shutter lag, manual focus
1	small size, big 2" LCD, macro space, preset zoom increments, depressed shutter jug, manual focus
1	cheap, good print quality
1	chintzy, good print quality
1	5 Megapixel.  3 shot burst.  Manual control.  Best Pro-sumer digital camera.  Good battery performance.
1	5 Megapixel.  3 shot burst.  Manual ascendancy.  Best Pro-sumer digital camera.  well battery performance.
1	small size, light weight, easy to use, shoots short movie clips, lcd screen, rechargeable battery
1	minuscule size, light-colored weight, easy to use, film short movie clips, lcd screen, rechargeable battery
1	High Quality, Quick Transfer, Low Cost
1	High calibre, Quick Transfer, Low Cost
1	None.
1	none.
0	battery operated, battery security flap pops open randomly. no flash
0	battery operated, battery security flap tonic open randomly. no heartbeat
0	Heads clog easily and print cartridges cost a fortune.
0	pass clog easily and print cartridges cost a fortune.
1	Small package delivers great performance
1	Small packet delivers great performance
1	All in one, great price for so much stuff
1	All in one, great price for so much engorge
0	IBM Microdrive NOT recommended; somewhat dim viewfinder, 1 AF sensor, vertical grip could be better; more shadow noise than some other top-notch digicams
0	IBM Microdrive NOT recommended; somewhat black viewfinder, 1 AF sensor, vertical grip could be near; more vestige noise than some other crack digicams
1	Clean, sharp images, full featured, compact design, image portability
1	Clean, sharp images, full featured, compact design, range portability
0	Battery life, digital zoom
0	Battery biography, digital zoom
0	no color display if that's important to you.
0	no colouring display if that's important to you.
0	nearly drove me crazy in the beginning! Read the review.
0	almost drove me brainsick in the beginning! Read the review.
1	Very easy to use 
1	Very well-heeled to use 
0	Very slow if used on older computer, very loud paper loading.
0	Very slow if victimised on older computer, very loud wallpaper loading.
0	Front rider gets kicked and seats do not sit straight up.
0	Front rider convey kicked and hindquarters do not sit straight up.
0	None
0	none
1	Cheap, Nice Color Output, Fairly Fast
1	Cheap, Nice Color Output, Fairly degenerate
0	Close-up capability
0	Close-up potentiality
1	it looks good and has good print quality
1	it looks estimable and has good print quality
1	Easy to use.  Good photos.
1	Easy to use.  unspoiled photos.
0	None so far for me
0	None so FAR for me
0	proprietary and somewhat weak battery, tripod required for non-flash pictures, no optical zoom
0	proprietary and somewhat weak battery, tripod demand for non-flash see, no optical zoom
0	bad View finder, limited zoom, slow auto focus
0	bad eyeshot finder, limited zoom, slow auto focus
1	reliability, service, coverage, signal strength, affordability
1	reliability, service, coverage, signal persuasiveness, affordability
0	Battery consumption
0	Battery usance
1	easy to use
1	easy to employ
0	difficult configuration
0	difficult conformation
0	poor picture quality...very poor
0	poor fancy quality...very poor
0	bad resolution
0	bad solving
0	too hard to install
0	too grueling to install
1	NONE
1	none
1	Lightweight, everything works together, collapsable with one hand!
1	Lightweight, everything works together, collapsable with one mitt!
1	Great pictures, Customized settings
1	Great film, Customized settings
1	Amazing features for the price and size, good warrantee repair service from Fuji
1	Amazing features for the price and size, sound warrantee fixture service from Fuji
1	Great for small workgroups. Quiet; prints quickly; few paper jams; sharp, clear printouts.
1	Great for small workgroups. Quiet; prints quickly; few paper pickle; sharp, clean-cut printouts.
0	None
0	none
0	Sound quality is awful
0	Sound quality is fearsome
0	Noisy, poor print quality, poor build, wasts ink cleaning itself, Slow.
0	Noisy, hapless print quality, pathetic build, wasts ink cleaning itself, Slow.
0	B&W external display, poorly placed volume rocker
0	B&W external presentation, poorly placed volume rocker
1	Excellent print quality, fast, reliable, economy mode, Mac Serial, PC Parallel, and USB interfaces.
1	Excellent print prime, immobile, reliable, economy mode, Mac Serial, PC Parallel, and USB interfaces.
0	No flash, bad as a webcam, no customer support.
0	No flash, bad as a webcam, no customer backing.
0	A big phone
0	ampere big phone
0	Does not include cord to computer or black and white print cartridge
0	answer not include corduroy to computer or black and white print cartridge
0	palm OS alarm not loud. no sending SMS messages by default. Some bugs.
0	palm os alarm not loud. no sending SMS messages by default. Some hemipteron.
0	You can buy a better scanner for 60USD, Slow compared to a real office photocopier
0	You can steal a honorable scanner for 60USD, Slow equate to a real office photocopier
0	Bulky, not 35mm quality
0	Bulky, not 35mm timber
0	Poor reception. Awkward user mode. Turns itself off with no warning.
0	Poor reception. clumsy user mode. routine itself off with no warning.
1	Menus are easy to use and looks really nice
1	Menus are easy to expend and looks really nice
1	lightweight, easy to maneuver, attractive to look at
1	lightweight, easy to guide, attractive to look at
0	A little expensive
0	A lilliputian expensive
0	Small, will someone make a belt clip that works please?
0	Small, will someone pee a belt clip that lick please?
0	somewhat noisy
0	slightly noisy
0	Small buttons and small LCD that is hard to read at times.
0	Small buttons and small LCD that is difficult to register at times.
1	Cheap, small.
1	flash, small.
0	Heavyweight
0	titan
1	Ummmm...Errrrrr...
1	Ummmm...Errrrrr...
0	macro mode is pretty naff, distortion on the extremes of the zoom
0	macro manner is pretty naff, aberration on the extremes of the zoom
0	no optical zoom, only 2x digital zoom
0	no optical whizz, only 2x digital zoom
0	Lack of manual f-stop and shutter speed, Macro photography not very well implemented
0	deficiency of manual f-stop and shutter speed, Macro photography not very substantially implemented
1	Not too expensive.  Pretty good close ups.  Built VERY sturdy.
1	Not too expensive.  Pretty near close ups.  Built VERY hardy.
0	Battery Life is Not Long for One Charge
0	Battery Life is Not retentive for One Charge
0	buggy, inconsistent performance
0	crackers, inconsistent performance
0	No black ink, must be purchased seperately. No USB2.0 cable included, must be purchased seperately.
0	No sinister ink, must be purchased seperately. No USB2.0 cable admit, must be purchase seperately.
1	Easy to set up, good quality prints
1	Easy to ready up, good quality prints
0	NONE
0	none
0	Scanning requires you read instructions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Color cartridges stamina and cost
0	Scanning requires you read instructions&amp;#13;&ampere;#10;Color cartridges toughness and cost
0	redeye on indoor children shots, can't download photos to a serial port, poor tech support
0	redeye on indoor nestling crack, can't download photos to a serial port, poor tech documentation
0	No removable flash card.
0	No removable loud card.
0	lens cap design, slight overexposure, size a little big 
0	lens cap design, slight overexposure, size a little full-grown 
1	Great 7x optical lens, lots of features.
1	Great 7x optical lens, deal of features.
0	Needs better quality control, phones aren't all the same, sometimes has software crashes, and a bit pricey
0	Needs substantially prize curb, phones aren't all the same, sometimes has software crashes, and a bit pricey
1	quick and well done printing
1	quick and well execute printing
1	Bluetooth, Useful PIM, Screen, Easy to Use, Built Solid
1	Bluetooth, Useful PIM, Screen, prosperous to Use, Built Solid
1	Light-weighted and durable enough for even the most amateur of photographer.
1	Light-weighted and durable decent for tied the most amateur of photographer.
0	Only one game
0	Only unmatchable game
1	Excellent call quality, bluetooth, clamshell form factor, sexy face plate.
1	Excellent call quality, bluetooth, clamshell conformation factor, sexy nerve plate.
0	Image doesn't match what you see through eye-piece
0	Image doesn't match what you date through eye-piece
1	place for infant seat, reclining seat, seatbelts in every position
1	place for infant induct, reclining seat, seatbelts in every side
1	prints well, easy to install
1	publish well, easy to install
1	Easy to use, good picture quality
1	Easy to use, good video quality
1	Reception is amazing. Stylish. Color screen.
1	Reception is amazing. Stylish. Color cover.
1	Great looking phone, changeable face plates.
1	gravid looking phone, changeable face plates.
1	High style, color screen, FM radio, speakerphone, polyphonic ring tones
1	High dash, color screen, FM radio, speakerphone, polyphonic ring spirit
0	Ringer too soft, vibrate too low, some annoying design features
0	toller too soft, vibrate too low, some bother design features
0	Phones & Plans are expensive, programming hard to understand
0	Phones & Plans are expensive, programming intemperately to understand
1	Great software, excellent print quality
1	Great software, excellent print timbre
1	Excellent value, small size, macro feature
1	Excellent valuate, small size, macro feature
1	-Camera phone
1	-Camera ring
1	Really durable, takes abuse very well, remains comfy.Outstanding maneuverability
1	Really durable, adopt step very well, remains comfy.Outstanding maneuverability
1	cheap digital camera.  expensive camera overall however.
1	tinny digital camera.  expensive camera overall however.
0	Battery doesn't last as long as others.
0	battery doesn't last as long as others.
0	Color prints are poor quality but ok  if your just getting started.
0	gloss prints are misfortunate quality but ok  if your just getting started.
0	Too big in size, awkward swivel lens
0	Too grownup in size, awkward swivel lens
0	current digital voice quality sucks
0	flow digital voice quality sucks
1	Quality, Price
1	Quality, damage
0	Software a little buggy, slow response, slippery plastic body
0	software a little buggy, slow response, slippery plastic body
1	Cheap, Works Great
1	Cheap, Works dandy
0	Could only get the double-barrel L-ion batteries to work well, long shutter lag
0	Could only incur the double-barrel L-ion batteries to work well, prospicient shutter lag
0	Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
0	well-to-do to break/ wear charger figure, phone freezes and lags at times
1	Excellent color mode.
1	Excellent discolour mode.
0	not for wanderers
0	not for roamer
1	Very light and compact and has the quick turn off flash button.
1	Very luminousness and compact and has the quick turn off newsflash button.
0	noisy, first print takes a while to get going
0	noisy, first print takes a while to get endure
0	its cheap and misfeeds a lot
0	its cheap and misfeeds a spate
0	Small, looks fragile, microphone quality, Headphone jack interference
0	Small, depend fragile, microphone quality, Headphone jack interference
1	Lightweight and small
1	Lightweight and small-scale
0	No integrated word processor, no Bluetooth, buggy Nokia O/S
0	No integrated Bible processor, no Bluetooth, buggy Nokia O/second
1	- small, low power consumption, decent outdoor pictures, fast USB connection
1	- small, low power consumption, right outdoor pictures, dissipated USB connection
1	cheap, reliable, dual cartridge
1	cheap, reliable, dual magazine
1	Small, solid, great quality photos.
1	Small, solid, corking quality photos.
0	Slow
0	dull
0	Blue Light Becomes Annoying at Times, Not as Many Features As More Expensive Phones
0	bluish tripping Becomes Annoying at Times, Not as Many Features As More Expensive Phones
0	Good Pictures
0	Good scene
0	Frustrating to an extent.
0	rag to an extent.
0	Cartridges to refill cost more than the darn printer
0	cartridge to refill cost more than the darn printer
0	Missing functions, cheapish appearance, severe quality problems
0	Missing occasion, cheapish appearance, severe quality problems
1	Easy to use, pictures are fantastic, can use floppy discs
1	Easy to employment, video are fantastic, can use floppy discs
0	Not for very serious photography.
0	Not for very good photography.
0	none
0	none
1	Ease of use. Similarity to the 7110
1	relieve of use. Similarity to the 7110
0	Battery needs charging almost daily
0	Battery needs load almost daily
1	Very good looking and well built.  Has a diverse voice command system, with many commands.
1	Very honest looking and well build.  accept a diverse voice command system, with many commands.
0	Uses batteries very quickly, no manual focus, no zoom, delay after snapping.
0	utilization batteries very quickly, no manual focus, no whizz, delay after snapping.
1	cheaper, comfortable
1	cheaper, well-situated
1	Many options. Clear pictures. 
1	Many selection. Clear pictures. 
1	easy to use, compact, excellent photo quality
1	easy to utilization, compact, excellent photo quality
0	Its hard to manipulate if you take it in large crowds
0	Its heavy to manipulate if you hold it in large crowds
1	great, 3.34 megapixels, great resolotioun
1	great, triad.34 megapixels, great resolotioun
1	USB, memory stick, zoom, movies
1	USB, memory stick, zoom, movie
0	A price with looks that can kill. Can be easily scratched and dented.
0	A price with looks that can down. posterior be easily scratched and dented.
1	good price, great quality of copying and printing
1	well price, great quality of copying and printing
1	Great Size, Very convenient, Extremely user friendly,
1	nifty Size, Very convenient, Extremely user friendly,
1	Cheap, Excellant for the Money, easy to set up and use
1	Cheap, Excellant for the Money, leisurely to rigid up and use
1	Sometimes, it works
1	Sometimes, it work
1	Floppy disks, movies, great photo quality, timer, tons of modes and features
1	Floppy harrow, movies, great photo timber, timer, tons of modes and features
0	Very little - handsfree attatchment is weak.
0	Very little - handsfree attatchment is weakly.
0	usb connection needed
0	usb connection requisite
1	Easy to Use, Good Battery, Good Reception
1	Easy to Use, Good Battery, good Reception
0	Some buttons/menu items are confusing
0	Some buttons/menu token are confusing
1	Small. Awesome battery Life. Really good menu systems.
1	Small. awful battery Life. Really good menu systems.
0	it is big, (for today standard)
0	it is grownup, (for today standard)
1	Stylish, compact folding stroller
1	Stylish, constrict folding stroller
1	Rechargeable battery, quick USB download of photos, 15 second movies, in-camera editing of pics
1	Rechargeable battery, prompt USB download of photos, XV second movies, in-camera editing of pics
1	Cheap
1	tinny
0	Barely noticeable pictures, only stored 6 photos
0	Barely noticeable pictures, only stored sixer photos
0	folding could be a problem for some.
0	foldaway could be a problem for some.
0	Only 2 mega pixels and 2x zoom (optical)
0	only 2 mega pixels and 2x zoom (optical)
1	Great print quality, easy to set up and use, fair price.
1	Great print quality, gentle to set up and use, carnival price.
1	Speed, Graphics quality, price (with or with out rebate)
1	Speed, Graphics quality, price (with or with out rabbet)
1	Quality, flexibilty and ease of use
1	Quality, flexibilty and comfort of use
0	No "Get It Now" feature; no internet access (so harder to get ring tones, etc)
0	No "drive It Now" feature; no internet access (so hard to scram ring tones, etc)
1	quiet and efficient
1	tranquillize and efficient
1	powerful. many features. quality pics
1	muscular. many features. quality pics
1	3x optical zoom sharp, can take short movies, good macro ability, sharp pictures
1	3x optical zoom sharp, can take short movies, full macro ability, sharp exposure
1	Small, lightweight
1	minor, lightweight
1	Lots functions, nice price, nice look, nice size...  you get the point.
1	Lots functions, nice price, nice look, nice size...  you aim the indicate.
1	Good price for 3 megapixels, offers great software picture modification.
1	serious price for 3 megapixels, crack great software picture modification.
0	LENS CAP!, Lack of a zoom feature, Propriety USB connection
0	LENS CAP!, miss of a zoom boast, Propriety USB connection
0	No automatic turn on
0	No automatonlike turn on
0	Giant & heavy; turgid reception & battery life; few features
0	Giant & sullen; turgid reception & battery life; few features
0	No computer connectivity, Possible button problems, no analog
0	No computer connectivity, Possible button problems, no linear
1	Good quality at a good price!
1	unspoilt quality at a good price!
0	Not as versatile as the very expensive digital cameras.
0	Not as various as the very expensive digital cameras.
1	Great sharp Images,price,great zoom ratio,nice control layout,nice size LCD.
1	big sharp see,price,great zoom ratio,nice control layout,nice size LCD.
0	whoa there on that ink
0	whoa there on that ink
1	Reliable, high quality, special effects
1	Reliable, high quality, special consequence
1	Fits right into your pocket, external caller ID, very easy to use
1	Fits right into your pocket, external caller ID, very gentle to employment
0	big,expensive,JetAdmin tool unstable
0	swelled,expensive,JetAdmin tool unstable
1	Great reception, good size and weight, plenty of useful features
1	nifty reception, proficient size and weight, plenty of useful features
1	price, software
1	price, package
0	Discontinued
0	stop
1	Extremely easy to use, Low Price, Fantastic Images, light weight, expandable!
1	Extremely wanton to use, Low Price, antic Images, light weight, expandable!
0	Flimsy construction on the earpiece speaker
0	unconvincing construction on the earpiece speaker
1	Cheap color printer
1	Cheap color pressman
0	my 4th canon in 3 years
0	my 4th canon in three years
1	sturdy, easy to use camera
1	sturdy, promiscuous to use camera
0	expensive ink. Low quality print outs on cheap paper
0	expensive ink. abject quality print outs on cheap paper
1	Great phone book. Ringer can be loud
1	Great phone book. Ringer can be flashy
0	noise
0	resound
1	Easy to use, versatile, small
1	Easy to use, versatile, diminished
0	not durable ink tanks
0	not durable ink tankful
1	Great Pics
1	keen Pics
1	clever swivelblade design, elegant design, modifiable interface, compatibility with PC/PDA/laptops
1	clever swivelblade conception, elegant project, modifiable interface, compatibility with PC/PDA/laptops
0	Warranty troubles, Slow startup time, annoying "mavica disc recommended" message, not an action camera
0	Warranty problem, Slow startup time, vexing "mavica disc recommended" message, not an action camera
1	picture quality, LCD screen, easy to use, compact card flash
1	visualize quality, LCD screen, easy to use, compact card trashy
1	nice size and 'fit' in the hand
1	gracious size and 'fit' in the hand
1	easy to use, quality pictures, affordable
1	easy to exercise, quality pictures, affordable
1	Clear display; large display
1	exculpate display; large display
1	Reliable, Good Phone
1	Reliable, skillful Phone
1	Good Price, very clear and large color screen, extendable entena
1	Good Price, very crystallize and heavy color screen, extendable entena
0	Poor customer service, lots of dropped calls and dead spots
0	Poor customer service, lots of dropped telephone and dead billet
1	Good Color
1	goodness Color
0	usb support lacking
0	usb corroborate lacking
1	Small, sleek
1	modest, sleek
0	Bad indoor reception, battery drain
0	Bad indoor reception, battery enfeeble
0	have to install software on your computer to retrieve images
0	have to install package on your computer to retrieve simulacrum
1	easy-to-use, smart image manipulation software, good quality images
1	easy-to-use, smart image manipulation software, honorable quality images
0	May want something lighter
0	May want something flatboat
1	perfect for printing pictures
1	perfect for printing exposure
0	Speaker on back is located in a horrible spot that is easy to block.
0	Speaker on rachis is located in a horrible spot that is easy to occlusion.
1	Compact size, speaker phone.
1	compendious size, speaker phone.
1	Zoom, Diskette, size, real camera, video
1	Zoom, Diskette, size, real camera, television
1	Feature-packed for the money, web enabled, handy size, good sound quality
1	Feature-packed for the money, web enabled, handy size, sound sound lineament
0	None
0	none
0	Heavier and Larger and less battery life than the 8000 series
0	clayey and larger and less battery life than the 8000 series
1	Viewfinder; well designed
1	Viewfinder; comfortably designed
1	Tiny, great optics
1	Tiny, great oculus
1	Great resolution, great zoom, it can take a beating
1	Great resolution, great zoom, it can contract a beating
0	nothing
0	zippo
1	Easy to install, clear prints
1	Easy to install, clear print
1	Takes great pictures, makes short movies, very easy to use! 
1	Takes great picture, score short movies, very easy to use! 
0	So So Battery Life, Where's the Rechargeable Battery?
0	So thus Battery Life, Where's the Rechargeable Battery?
1	Stylish, great reception, slider is pratical and functional
1	Stylish, great reception, skidder is pratical and functional
1	Clear, Solid, Not a flip phone, Robust features, Web, Spkr phone
1	crystallise, Solid, Not a flip phone, Robust features, Web, Spkr telephone
0	Awkward, complicated interface
0	embarrassing, complicated interface
1	Average Print quality
1	mediocre Print quality
0	No ringer + vibrate mode.
0	nobelium ringer + vibrate mode.
1	Good Price, Good Quality
1	serious Price, Good Quality
0	Stopped working after only a few months, limited warranty
0	Stopped act after only a few months, limited warranty
1	great versatility 
1	capital versatility 
1	High Resolution, Cool Features, More Photo Control
1	High Resolution, Cool Features, More Photo check
1	Lightweight, removable beverage trays, very maneuverable
1	Lightweight, removable drinkable trays, very maneuverable
1	Great Picture Quality
1	expectant Picture Quality
1	quiet, fast, attractive, excellent print quality
1	placidity, fast, attractive, excellent print quality
0	Battery tends to loosen over time and loose contact.
0	Battery tends to undo over time and loose contact.
1	very compact and mobile
1	very stocky and mobile
0	It doesn't do laundery
0	IT doesn't do laundery
0	Road-hog software lulls you to sleep, so (hopefully) you won't notice the crummy pictures
0	Road-hog software lulls you to quietus, so (hopefully) you won't notice the crummy film
1	Inexpensive. Easy to use. Good software included. Long Battery Life. Decent Images.
1	Inexpensive. Easy to consumption. Good software included. Long Battery Life. Decent double.
0	Pricey
0	pricy
1	Light weight, good software.
1	calorie-free weight, good software.
1	Easy to read display, quality speakerphone, battery life
1	tardily to read display, quality speakerphone, battery life
0	Battery life, ringer volume
0	Battery life, ringer loudness
0	printing a bit slow
0	printing a flake slow
0	4mb card, grainy pics
0	4mb add-in, grainy pics
0	location of lens makes it easy to block when holding, menu is difficult to manage
0	location of lens makes it slow to hinder when curb, menu is difficult to manage
1	Quality High Resolution shots, Inexpensive
1	Quality highschool Resolution shots, Inexpensive
0	It is impossible to unhitch the five point harness. It sticks horribly.
0	It is impossible to unhitch the five aim harness. It joystick horribly.
0	Picture quality could be a bit better
0	video quality could be a bit better
0	Canopy, recline and storage basket.
0	Canopy, recline and repositing basket.
0	No zoom feature
0	No zoom characteristic
0	Not good for outdoor use.
0	Not salutary for outdoor use.
0	menu screen is hard to read, , macro setting is virtually useless
0	menu screen is arduous to study, , macro setting is virtually useless
0	Freezes often, GSM technology not so "hot" everywhere.
0	Freezes often, GSM technology not so "spicy" everywhere.
0	Doesn't print glossy or large prints
0	Doesn't publish glossy or large prints
0	Still has some user interface kinks to work through.
0	Still has some user interface frizz to work through.
1	Good quality for the price
1	Good lineament for the price
1	Cheap and small
1	tawdry and small
0	Poor battery life, huge size, does not ring loud enough
0	Poor battery living, huge size, does not call loud enough
1	Easy, fun, inexpensive!
1	well-to-do, fun, inexpensive!
0	Mediocre printing, copying and scanning.
0	Mediocre impression, copying and scanning.
1	Ink Pouches
1	Ink pouch
0	no internet, breakable, snake is more addictive than smoking.
0	no internet, breakable, snake is more habit-forming than smoking.
0	None
0	none
1	Ease of use, price, picture resolution
1	Ease of use, price, photo resolution
1	Excellent integration of phone, internet, email.  Very stylish
1	Excellent integration of phone, internet, e-mail.  Very stylish
0	cheezy little plug hatch door. Gotta be careful with it
0	cheezy footling plug brood door. Gotta be careful with it
1	good for the internet
1	sound for the internet
1	Fast, clean, good colors, convenient
1	Fast, clean, good colorize, convenient
0	Battery life is terrible!
0	Battery biography is terrible!
0	Letters on keyboard are tearing off.
0	Letters on keyboard are pluck off.
0	Incapable of color balancing properly in low light
0	Incapable of color balancing properly in Low light
1	Sharp clear pics with good color.  Canon quality zoom lens.
1	Sharp net photograph with good color.  Canon quality zoom lens.
1	Excellent Picture Quality, Reasonable Price, Feature Rich, CompactFlash Memory Storage
1	excellent Picture Quality, Reasonable Price, Feature Rich, CompactFlash retentivity Storage
1	Sturdy, speakerphone
1	stalwart, speakerphone
0	It's a little big.
0	It's a little giving.
1	Color screen, excellent battery life, polyphonic rings, large screen
1	vividness screen, excellent battery life, polyphonic rings, large screen
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	Weak vibrate, scud, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	The ink cartridges are small and run out quickly.
0	The ink cartridges are small and run out promptly.
0	No external screen, limited ring tones with original phone
0	No external covert, limited ring tones with original phone
0	none found as of yet.....
0	none found as of withal.....
0	Software, Support
0	Software, digest
1	Speakerphone, two-way radio
1	Speakerphone, bipartizan radio
1	Great pictures, full SLR controls on shutter, exposure, aperture, rechargeable batteries and charger, 3x zoom, 32MB SmartMedia card included. Fast autofocus. Durable design.
1	keen figure, broad SLR controls on shutter, exposure, aperture, rechargeable batteries and charger, 3x zoom, 32MB SmartMedia tease included. Fast autofocus. Durable design.
1	solid, 'non-flip,' loud speakerphone, loud ringer, simple design/menu system, excellent basic features
1	solid, 'non-flip,' tatty speakerphone, tawdry ringer, simple design/menu system, excellent basic features
0	Locking keys is a must
0	Locking winder is a must
1	It's relative small and it plays music!!!
1	It's relative small and it bet music!!!
1	Easy to carry and protective from scratches
1	well-to-do to carry and protective from scratches
1	easy to place camera memory card directly into printer to print proof sheet
1	easy to localize camera memory card immediately into printer to print proof sheet
0	no optical viewfinder
0	no visual viewfinder
0	Using finalized mini cd in computers is still a challenge to use with other software
0	utilize finalized mini cd in computers is calm a challenge to consumption with other software
1	cool, versatile, easy to use, floppy disk, video
1	cool, versatile, leisurely to use, floppy disk, video
1	solid construction, battery life, image quality
1	solid construction, battery life-time, image quality
0	Text quality is less than exceptional, loud, fairly bulky
0	Text quality is less than particular, loud, fairly bulky
1	 Reliable Printer, Great Quality
1	 Reliable Printer, outstanding Quality
0	Software sucks
0	Software suction
0	Poor photo printing quality. Flimsy construction. Expensive ink.
0	Poor photo printing quality. tenuous construction. Expensive ink.
0	CHEAP components
0	cheesy components
1	Excellent sound quality, solid build, sleek styling
1	Excellent sound quality, solid chassis, sleek styling
0	I'm afraid the little rubber outlet/cable covers might tear off in a couple of years.
0	I'm afraid the little rubber outlet/cable shroud might shoot off in a brace of years.
1	Picture quality, features, battery life, use of "standard" Sony parts - MemoryStick, battery, etc
1	characterisation quality, features, battery life, use of "standard" Sony part - MemoryStick, battery, etc
0	Nokia Customer Service
0	Nokia Customer service
1	Tiny size, battery lasts and lasts, simple menus
1	Tiny size, battery lasts and lasts, simpleton menus
1	Very fast, sharp image, nice dpi
1	Very fast, sharp image, courteous dpi
1	Good camera, speaker phone and voice recognition software are a plus.
1	serious camera, speaker phone and voice acknowledgement software are a plus.
0	Battery Life, Buzzing near TV and Phones and long stubby antenna
0	Battery animation, Buzzing nearly TV and Phones and long stubby antenna
1	LIGHTWEIGHT, EASY TO USE, GREAT PRICE &amp;amp; VERY GOOD COPIES
1	LIGHTWEIGHT, EASY TO USE, nifty PRICE &amp;amp; really GOOD COPIES
0	Software not as intuitive as it could be. 
0	software not as intuitive as it could be. 
0	Drop calls,bad design, numbers get lost in it
0	Drop calls,bad design, numbers stupefy lost in it
0	assembly is difficult
0	fabrication is difficult
0	Defective and the quality?
0	Defective and the prime?
1	Fast transfer to pc with USB included.
1	debauched transfer to pc with USB included.
0	WAP browser, Sprint
0	WAP browser, dash
0	Proprietary battery type. Embedded features take some learning. 
0	Proprietary battery type. Embedded features take some read. 
1	cheap and small
1	inexpensive and small
0	none yet
0	none notwithstanding
0	LCD lifetime/durability questionable
0	LCD life/durability questionable
0	None in my book!
0	none in my book!
0	No cable included.  Exit tray fails to stop prints from falling off.
0	No telegraph included.  Exit tray fails to stop impress from falling off.
1	Affordable, Small, does not EAT alkaline batteries!  Excellent value. 
1	low-cost, Small, does not EAT alkaline batteries!  Excellent value. 
1	Good Picture Quality / Easy to use / Small enough for your pocket
1	skilful word-painting Quality / Easy to use / Small enough for your pocket
1	Looks nice, works well, not too expensive
1	Looks nice, mould well, not too expensive
0	Eats BATTERIES
0	Eats battery
0	really bad software, bad computer connection
0	really unsound software, bad computer connection
1	Decent video, decent mp3 capability, photo size perfect for emailing.
1	properly video, right mp3 capability, photo size perfect for emailing.
0	none
0	none
0	none
0	none
0	Ink cartridges are not at special prices as often as other brands.
0	Ink cartridges are not at especial damage as often as other brands.
0	I am at a loss as to where to begin!
0	unity am at a red as to where to begin!
1	Cheap.  Complete.  USB interface.
1	Cheap.  stark.  USB interface.
1	Great Photos either autofocus or manual/settings choices. Easy to navigate menu.
1	heavy Photos either autofocus or manual/settings choices. leisurely to navigate menu.
0	size
0	sizing
1	Color screen, new games, ring tones, internet.
1	Color screen, new games, ring quality, internet.
0	PCS Vision is very poor, limited screen size.
0	PCS imagination is very poor, limited screen size.
1	Light weight, great clarity, easy functions, easy to use.
1	Light weight, great clarity, easily functions, easy to use.
0	Camera is sufficient.
0	camera is sufficient.
0	Ergonomics and software leave something to be desired
0	Ergonomics and software depart something to be desired
1	Handy little bugger this one
1	Handy little bugger this unmatched
0	Wasn't invented earlier!!
0	Wasn't invented former!!
1	Good form factor, decent reception, easy to use
1	salutary form factor, decent reception, easy to use
0	No speakerphone function, no camera, and no holster for hip available
0	No speakerphone purpose, no camera, and no holster for rosehip available
0	not too many!
0	not too many!
0	toddler not restrained enough
0	toddler not intimidate enough
0	uses a lot of batteries, and doesn't take good close ups
0	uses a wad of batteries, and doesn't take good tight ups
1	good image quality, nice size, easy to use, LCD display, good price
1	good image quality, Nice size, slow to use, LCD display, good price
1	Great Quality, Great Price
1	Great calibre, Great Price
1	Color screen; WAP; GSM; BlueTooth and IR
1	vividness screen; WAP; GSM; BlueTooth and IR
1	Great phone, encompasses 2 devices in 1.  Never leave home without it.
1	Great phone, embrace ii devices in 1.  Never leave home without it.
1	The standing/sitting feature in the back, low price
1	The standing/sitting feature in the backbone, low price
0	Rather trippy graphics
0	Rather trippy art
0	heavy, large, expensive
0	laborious, large, expensive
1	New operating system is awesome.
1	New manoeuver system is awesome.
0	None
0	none
0	plain design, speed
0	plain plan, speed
1	Design, Factor, Look & Feel, Phone Functions, Bluetooth
1	Design, Factor, flavour & Feel, Phone Functions, Bluetooth
1	Multifunction, Fast and Easy to use
1	Multifunction, Fast and easily to use
0	reliability
0	dependableness
0	LCD screen washes out&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Camera is Bulky to carry around
0	LCD screen washables out&amp;#13;&amp;#ten;Camera is Bulky to carry around
0	screen may be slightly small for hardcore Nokia users.
0	screen May be slightly small for hardcore Nokia users.
0	Hard to turn on and off.  Phone was returned (found defective) after 3 months!
0	Hard to work on and off.  Phone was returned (chance defective) after 3 months!
1	10x Zoom, Standard floppy disc
1	10x Zoom, measure floppy disc
1	Camera phone,Lots of camera features, budget price
1	Camera phone,hatful of camera features, budget price
0	Outdated
0	out-of-date
1	Small footprint, built-in speakerphone, GPRS, polyphonic ringtones, easy-to-see screen, Java, long battery life
1	Small footprint, built-in speakerphone, GPRS, polyphonic ringtones, easy-to-see sieve, Java, long battery spirit
1	Small, lightweight and Cute
1	low, lightweight and Cute
0	Scratchy, short battery life, easy to break
0	Scratchy, short battery life, easy to fault
0	manual on cd-rom
0	manual on CD-ROM
0	No USB cable provided; slightly bulky
0	nobelium USB cable provided; slightly bulky
1	Excellent Quality Images, Somewhat fast processing, Great Construction
1	Excellent Quality epitome, Somewhat fast processing, Great Construction
0	Ink cartridges don't last long, frequent glitches in the print jobs
0	Ink cartridges don't last prospicient, frequent glitches in the print business
0	Has space for only one custom ring tone, no voice-activated dialing or conference calling
0	Has space for only one custom ring note, no voice-activated dialing or conference career
0	does not come with AC adapter
0	does not fall with AC adapter
1	Low cost and operation cost with HP quality printing.
1	Low be and operation cost with HP quality printing.
1	HP quality, quiet operation
1	HP quality, restrained operation
1	Very good pictures, 3x optical zoom
1	Very good pictures, 3x optic zoom
0	Cost of color printing per page can add up quickly, like all inkjets though.
0	Cost of discolor printing per page can bring up quickly, like all inkjets though.
1	Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to Use
1	Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to exercise
0	hard to download rings
0	tough to download rings
1	Compact, Easy to Navigate Menus, Clarity, Reception, Phone Book
1	wad, Easy to Navigate Menus, Clarity, Reception, Phone Book
0	No twain
0	No pair
1	Good reception. MP3 and Bluetooth capable.
1	honorable reception. MP3 and Bluetooth capable.
0	Battery-life. Parallel port connection
0	Battery-life. collimate port connection
1	2 sec warm up time. No paper jams. long lasting toner. crisp edges.
1	2 sec warm up time. No paper wad. long lasting toner. sharp edges.
1	Adjustable handle height, pneumatic wheels, tight turn radius, switches to a jogger, sturdy.
1	Adjustable handle height, pneumatic roll, mingy turn radius, switches to a jogger, sturdy.
0	Size and shape.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
0	Size and physique.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
0	In reality, it's a piece of crap (pardon my French).
0	inch reality, it's a assemble of crap (pardon my French).
1	*Rugged Rubberized Grip
1	*Rugged Rubberized handgrip
0	pulls accidentally more than one sheet of paper, RAM-demanding, problems with communicating with PC
0	pulls accidentally more than unmatched sheet of paper, RAM-demanding, problems with commune with PC
0	using the flash, price, quality of low-res pictures
0	using the winkle, price, quality of low-res pictures
0	earpiece volume, motorola technical support is worthless
0	earpiece volume, motorola technical living is worthless
1	Easy to take pictures and download them.
1	Easy to take pic and download them.
0	signal not always clear when I call people in mountain areas
0	betoken not perpetually clear when I call people in mountain areas
0	Text quality when using regular paper. Availability of Canon paper
0	schoolbook quality when using even paper. Availability of Canon paper
0	A bit too noisy, bad bundled software, Needs special cable-don't forget,need lots of desk space
0	A bit too noisy, badly bundled software, Needs special cable-don't leave,penury lots of desk space
0	Antenna Close to Head, Some Problems with Call Quality
0	Antenna Close to guide, Some Problems with Call Quality
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of utilisation
0	Battery life is very short, memory card does not hold many high resolution pictures.
0	Battery life is very short, memory card does not grasp many high resolution visualize.
0	Keys may be a bit small for some people.
0	Keys may be a chip small for some people.
0	battery life is terrible - image transfers are painfully slow
0	battery life is terrible - icon transfers are painfully slow
1	great picture and functionalityq
1	gravid picture and functionalityq
0	can't force it to analog or select channel
0	can't drive it to analog or select channel
1	It's an HP!  Fast, great print quality.
1	It's an HP!  Fast, great print character.
0	None
0	none
1	Good value, good quality pics, great chassis
1	Good value, full quality pics, great chassis
0	grainy picture quality, bad indoor or low-light outdoor shots
0	grainy icon quality, bad indoor or low-light outdoor shots
0	Fax problem
0	Fax job
1	Stunning picture quality. Ease of use. Price.
1	Stunning picture quality. Ease of expend. Price.
0	Price, software, no usb
0	Price, package, no usb
1	Combines PDA, e-mail and cell phone functions.
1	Combines PDA, e-mail and cell phone officiate.
0	See review body.
0	envision review body.
1	great battery life, easy to use
1	great battery life, easy to utilization
0	This printer is a little slow and also be noisy.
0	This printer is a trivial slack and also be noisy.
1	simple operation, great price, superb image quality
1	simple operation, great Price, superb image quality
0	Lens Cap Cover falls off
0	Lens Cap hide falls off
0	May sound a bit like analog - half a second delay sometimes.
0	May sound a second like analog - half a second hold sometimes.
1	Very good Phone
1	Very secure Phone
0	Slow Flash
0	Slow twinkling
0	expensive, bulky
0	expensive, bulky
1	easy to wash padding, easy to use
1	tardily to wash padding, easy to use
1	Display,Menu,3rd party Accessories
1	expose,Menu,3rd party Accessories
1	Sharpness, speed, quiet, separate inks
1	Sharpness, speed, quiet, dissever inks
1	speed, quality
1	speed, timbre
1	Ergonomics; Voice-activated dialing; battery life; appearance
1	bioengineering; Voice-activated dialing; battery life; appearance
0	have to keep tape on the battery door,  poor design
0	have to celebrate tape on the battery door,  pitiful design
0	There are plenty!
0	There are plentitude!
0	off/on switch is in a bad location, uses your PC 's memory
0	off/on permutation is in a unfit location, uses your PC 's memory
1	Lightweight, easy to use, MPEG movie mode, long life battery
1	Lightweight, easy to employment, MPEG movie modality, long life battery
0	Those damn bright lights next to the view finder. Blinding!
0	Those infernal bright lights next to the see finder. Blinding!
0	hard to see screen in bright sunlight, some what slow on large file shots
0	hard to see screen in promising sunlight, some what dull on large file shots
0	Can&#146;t send text messages,  battery life
0	Can&#146;t send text messages,  barrage life
0	Loud and long time to shut off and on. 
0	Loud and long meter to shut off and on. 
0	battery doesn't last long at all
0	battery doesn't go long at all
0	Big, expensive cartridges, can't stop a job in the middle of printing.
0	Big, expensive cartridges, can't arrest a subcontract in the middle of printing.
0	Heavy! Ugly yellow-ish backlighting
0	Heavy! ugly yellow-ish backlighting
1	FANTASTIC PHOTOS, LOADS OF FEATURES, 10X ZOOM, VIEW FINDER
1	marvellous PHOTOS, LOADS OF FEATURES, 10X ZOOM, VIEW FINDER
1	Big Phonebook Capacity, Stylish and Sleek, Lightweight, Bright Screen, Bluetooth and Speakerphone
1	Big Phonebook content, Stylish and flowing, Lightweight, Bright Screen, Bluetooth and Speakerphone
1	Durability, dependability, cost
1	enduringness, dependability, cost
1	Very easy to use.  A lot of bells and whistles. Cool looking.
1	Very easy to manipulation.  A dispense of bells and whistles. Cool looking.
0	loud and slow startup, ink consumption. low ink life
0	loud and decelerate startup, ink consumption. low ink life
0	Floppy media means moving parts, price
0	Floppy media means go parts, price
0	sloppy HCI, doesn't take full advantage of capabilities, below average reception
0	sloppy HCI, doesn't need full advantage of capabilities, below intermediate reception
1	Handy, very easy to use, floppy disks for easy transfer, durable
1	Handy, very easy to use, floppy disks for well-situated transfer, indestructible
1	Easy to use, floppy diskette storage, battery life
1	Easy to use, floppy diskette storage, shelling life
1	Size, picture color, zoom, photo display(very clear!), 2 hr. battery charge
1	size, picture color, zoom, photo display(very clear!), ii hr. battery charge
1	size, weight, build quality, sound quality
1	size, weight, soma quality, sound quality
0	Little memory, excessive battery usage
0	Little storage, excessive battery usage
0	price,no longevity, sound quality
0	price,no longevity, sound prize
0	no sound; no auto-scene modes
0	no fathom; no auto-scene modes
0	bulky and kind of big, not as attractive as the other phones out there
0	bulky and tolerant of full-grown, not as attractive as the other phones out there
1	Good Quality pictures
1	Good Quality ikon
0	lens could be sharper at edges, focus sometimes tricky in low light
0	lens could be sharper at edges, focus sometimes tricky in small twinkle
0	camera doesnt not take good pictures at all
0	camera doesnt not take well pictures at all
1	Plays music, qwerty keyboard, can use to transfer files, comes with case and headset.
1	Plays music, qwerty keyboard, can use to transfer register, comes with showcase and headset.
1	Took it out of the box and had pictures on my computer in 15 minutes!!
1	hire it out of the box and had photo on my computer in 15 proceedings!!
1	it was free, it was durable
1	it was relieve, it was durable
1	very fast, very robust, very reliable, versatile 
1	very firm, very robust, very reliable, versatile 
1	Great reception, lightweight, durable clamshell
1	gravid reception, lightweight, durable clamshell
1	great pics
1	bang-up pics
0	Weak flash, DK110 battery kit is a $75 must!
0	Weak photoflash, DK110 battery kit is a $75 must!
0	Loading paper a hassle
0	stretch paper a hassle
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
1	ace.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
0	Daylight or Well Lit Areas Only
0	Daylight or Well Lit Areas sole
0	Not easy to use at times, annoying ringtones, Silent-mode feature problems, battery dies quickly
0	non easy to use at times, annoying ringtones, Silent-mode feature trouble, battery dies quickly
0	Auto focus is slow, VERY short battery life with alkaline batteries, flimsy construction (feels "plastick-y")
0	Auto nidus is slow, VERY short-change battery life with alkaline batteries, flimsy construction (feel "plastick-y")
0	Carts are a bit pricey and printing can be painfully slow especially with color documents.
0	drag are a moment pricey and printing can be painfully tardily especially with color documents.
0	I haven't tried printing the photos yet, so I'm not sure of the quality there.
0	I haven't time-tested impression the pic yet, so I'm not sure of the quality there.
0	Poor Battery life, Poor Keypad contacts,&#13;&#10;Poor Quality Control
0	Poor barrage life, Poor Keypad meet,&#13;&#10;Poor Quality Control
1	Fast, Great Quality
1	Fast, Great quality
1	Lot of functions for the price, easy to use, great support 
1	Lot of functions for the price, easygoing to use, keen support 
1	Price
1	toll
0	Slightly bigger than the 8260; Nokia added useless features in lieu of meaningful improvements
0	somewhat bounteous than the 8260; Nokia added useless features in lieu of meaningful improvements
0	no USB, minor issue
0	no USB, minor number
0	Hard to install
0	intemperately to install
1	Great pictures of "still" subjects in natural light outdoors.
1	Great characterisation of "still" subjects in natural light outdoors.
0	Eats batteries, have to buy optional power supply
0	chuck batteries, have to buy optional power supply
1	Good Price, Excellent Pictures
1	Good Price, splendid Pictures
0	BATTERY LIFE! clarity, backlight, simply outdated
0	BATTERY LIFE! limpidity, backlight, simply outdated
1	Size, features, clarity.
1	Size, features, lucidity.
0	Very low key volume, antenna seems fragile, small LCD screen, no games :)
0	Very Low key volume, antenna seems fragile, small LCD cover, no games :)
1	Great design
1	Great conception
1	lightweight, neat fabric patterns, folds easily, 
1	lightweight, neat fabric normal, folds easily, 
0	Irritating Lens Design that zooms out every time you power up the camera.
0	nettlesome Lens designing that zooms out every time you power up the camera.
1	Great resolution, compact size, wonderful internal flash
1	smashing resolution, compact size, wonderful internal flash
0	Ringer / Vibrate are weak. Menu Design a bit confusing.
0	Ringer / Vibrate are weak. Menu Design a number confusing.
0	price
0	Price
0	Print quality not as expected and drinks ink.   
0	Print quality not as expected and tope ink.   
1	Simple to use, Compact size, Works with Windows 98,99
1	Simple to purpose, pack size, Works with Windows 98,99
1	Great picture quality, manual iso settings,does well in low light
1	expectant picture quality, manual iso settings,does well in modest light
0	Power &amp; LCD (see review).
0	might &amp; LCD (see review).
0	Price can be scary
0	toll can be scary
1	Holds a lot of paper, easy to use, versatile
1	Holds a lot of paper, leisurely to use, versatile
1	Palm and wireless phone in one unit. Wireless Internet access.
1	ribbon and wireless phone in ane unit. Wireless Internet access.
0	battery life, ease of use
0	battery life, allay of use
1	Easy to use.  Takes decent pictures.
1	Easy to enjoyment.  Takes decent pictures.
0	Distance shots, large and bulky.
0	Distance dig, large and bulky.
0	dust kills it, clogged heads, uses too much ink
0	dust kills it, clotted heads, uses too much ink
0	Antenna. 'Nuf said.
0	feeler. 'Nuf said.
0	Speaker requires open phone, dropped calls, no self-portrait on camera, side buttons inadvertently operate phone.
0	loudspeaker requires candid phone, dropped calls, no self-portrait on camera, side button inadvertently operate phone.
0	Cost
0	be
1	Good Picture Quality, Easy to use, Clear display, Good Menu format
1	thoroughly Picture Quality, well-to-do to use, Clear display, Good Menu format
0	rather large
0	rather magnanimous
0	The hands-free kit is of poor quality. But that elsewhere.
0	The hands-free kit is of inadequate prize. But that elsewhere.
0	No optical zoom
0	No opthalmic zoom
0	Not presentation quality printing
0	Not presentation calibre printing
1	A pretty good phone with lots of name brand and after market accessories
1	A pretty good earphone with mint of name brand and after market accessories
0	A disaster! Software crashed my computer.
0	axerophthol disaster! Software crashed my computer.
0	Not what is lives up to be
0	Not what is last up to be
1	ZOOM a great 10x zoom with optical stabilizer ease of use and great photos
1	ZOOM a heavy 10x zoom with optical stabilizer facilitate of use and great photos
1	Very Versatile, Easy to Use and Read Display, Dependable, Well Made.
1	Very Versatile, Easy to habituate and Read Display, Dependable, Well stimulate.
0	Flimsy Durability
0	Flimsy durability
1	Great photos, good price for quality of pictures, good features
1	Great photos, good price for quality of delineation, secure features
1	Small, attractive, has good games
1	lowly, attractive, has good games
0	Read on.....
0	read on.....
0	None.
0	none.
1	Cheap printer
1	bum printer
0	Too slow for larger work environments
0	Too slow for expectant work environments
0	Weak Battery
0	weakly Battery
0	Loud, picky
0	aloud, picky
0	poor battery life
0	piteous battery life
1	cheap purchase price, low cost ink
1	cheap purchase price, moo cost ink
1	Many features.  Easy Menu.  Long Life.
1	Many features.  Easy Menu.  Long animation.
1	Nice support personnel at Epson. 
1	Nice backing personnel at Epson. 
1	light, compact, many features
1	idle, compact, many features
0	Gotta find a belt clip somewhere
0	Gotta find a swath clip somewhere
0	It's hard to &amp;quot;score&amp;quot; around the edge to pry up the top
0	It's voiceless to &amp;quot;score&amp;quot; around the butt to pry up the pass
1	Cheap, some useful features, phone wraps, good sound quality
1	Cheap, some useful features, phone wraps, skilful sound quality
0	loss of signal in some areas
0	loss of signal in some region
1	Great potential, great price, great feel, great everything.
1	Great potential, groovy price, great feel, great everything.
0	Kind of big.
0	Kind of bad.
0	none
0	none
1	easy to install, good quality printing
1	easy to install, good quality print
0	Ink Eater, Ink cartridge changes.
0	Ink Eater, Ink cartridge exchange.
1	very good pictures
1	very good figure
1	prints out fast, color, black and white, photo-like pictures, easy to use
1	prints out fast, color, inkiness and white, photo-like pictures, easy to employ
0	Paper feed sometimes crooked
0	Paper feast sometimes crooked
0	Issues with usage
0	emerge with usage
0	Purchase case separately
0	Purchase fount separately
1	VERY light, attractive patterns, stands when folded, adjustable handlebar
1	VERY low-cal, attractive patterns, stands when folded, adjustable handlebar
1	seats two and steers easily
1	rear two and steers easily
0	There were no weight/height specifications that I saw in the directions or on the box.
0	There were no weight/stature specifications that iodin realize in the directions or on the box.
1	the size, 5Mpixels, VGA-video, the ergonomy
1	the sizing, 5Mpixels, VGA-video, the ergonomy
1	usb,viewfinder, optical zoom
1	usb,viewfinder, optical whizz
0	INK REFILLS ARE NOT CHEAP
0	INK REFILLS ARE NOT tinny
1	Price seemed good when I bought it.
1	Price seemed secure when I bought it.
1	Quick, Efficient, Low operational cost, Superior print quality
1	Quick, effective, Low operational cost, Superior print quality
0	high cost
0	high toll
1	Great Macro, Nice loaded features
1	outstanding Macro, Nice loaded features
0	Talk time, display
0	Talk metre, display
0	Battery hog in some modes
0	Battery hogg in some modes
0	speed, paper jams (all the time)
0	velocity, paper jams (all the time)
1	Good images, long lasting batteries, flash
1	Good images, farseeing lasting batteries, flash
0	Best phone yet.
0	Best phone notwithstanding.
1	You can customize anything, Great resolution.
1	You can customize anything, expectant resolution.
0	Ugly, blah ringtones, and BORING colors.
0	horrible, blah ringtones, and BORING colors.
0	size, cannot find it.
0	size, cannot ascertain it.
1	design
1	aim
1	Excellent photo quality , very good printing quality , Low Price.
1	Excellent photo caliber , very good printing quality , Low Price.
1	lots of features, cheap, great accesories, easy to use
1	lots of features, crummy, great accesories, easy to use
0	poor picture quality, poor instructions, no picture monitor
0	poor picture quality, poor instruction, no picture monitor
0	Have to purchase a cable  either parallel or USB, , 
0	receive to purchase a cable  either parallel or USB, , 
1	Looks cool
1	seem cool
1	great price and decent pictures
1	great price and decent flick
1	comprehensive features
1	comprehensive feature
1	Great quality, good price, nice software, AA batteries 
1	Great quality, adept price, nice software, AA batteries 
0	small ink cartridges
0	minuscule ink cartridges
0	Take Very Long To Print A Page
0	Take Very recollective To Print A Page
1	Compact, almost fool proof, being able to focus in the dark
1	Compact, almost tomfool proof, being able to sharpen in the dark
1	Great reception, sound quality and features!
1	great reception, sound quality and features!
1	Excellent call quality, text messaging, perfect size, great battery life.
1	Excellent call quality, text messaging, perfect size, gravid battery life-time.
1	Jack of all trades...
1	diddly-shit of all trades...
0	Maybe a little on the heavy side with the standard battery
0	Maybe a minuscule on the large side with the standard battery
0	A printer for business and home users more concerned about quality than speed&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	A printer for business and menage user more concerned about caliber than speed&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Action shots are very difficult
0	Action blastoff are very difficult
0	voicestream has spotty coverage... no WAP if you are into that sort of thing
0	voicestream has spotty reportage... no WAP if you are into that form of thing
0	Did not work with my iMac.
0	Did not exploit with my iMac.
0	Poor picture quality
0	piteous picture quality
0	Need a lot of light
0	motive a lot of light
1	Greatest printer ever built
1	superlative printer ever built
0	Featureless
0	featureless
1	Size, style, voice dialing.
1	size, style, voice dialing.
1	Meets Specifications
1	adjoin Specifications
1	Size, Battery life, outside flip display
1	Size, Battery life-time, outside flip display
0	eats double AA  batteries quick
0	eats double AA  batteries ready
1	Different choice of covers
1	Different choice of back
1	no
1	no
0	No ink indicator, uses ink too quickly
0	nobelium ink indicator, uses ink too quickly
0	none
0	none
0	doesn't print...and no tech support help
0	doesn't print...and no tech support serve
1	The phone is slim, compact and sleek.
1	The phone is slim, concordat and sleek.
0	none
0	none
1	Contains fax, copier, scanner, and printer all in one, therefore takes up little space.
1	incorporate fax, copier, scanner, and printer all in one, therefore make up little space.
1	Great picture quality, instant gratification! Lots of bells and whistles!
1	outstanding picture quality, instant gratification! set of bells and whistles!
0	eats batteries fast
0	eats barrage fast
1	Creativity booster; Great battery life; easy to use and great picture resolution
1	Creativity booster; slap-up battery life; leisurely to use and great picture resolution
1	Good quality,Inexpensive,Versatile
1	Good select,Inexpensive,Versatile
0	Paper jams frequently, drinks ink like water, ink clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
0	Paper ram frequently, fuddle ink like water, ink clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
0	None so far
0	None so FAR
0	Rather large footprint, slow, and ink tends to dry up when not used frequently. 
0	sooner large footprint, slow, and ink tends to teetotal up when not used frequently. 
0	sometimes hard to hear people, speakerphone has problems every once and a while
0	sometimes gruelling to hear masses, speakerphone has problems every once and a while
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	considerably if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone option
0	none
0	none
1	Sturdy
1	stout
1	Clean and clear pics w/ good options
1	Clean and clear picture w/ good options
1	sharp-clear printing/ super quiet.  easy to set-up
1	sharp-clear printing/ super smooth.  easy to set-up
1	Rotating &amp;quot;eye&amp;quot;, Lightweight
1	rotate &amp;quot;eye&amp;quot;, Lightweight
0	Color is addictive.
0	gloss is addictive.
0	Wish the boot was a bit more versatile like the Milano 
0	Wish the thrill was a sting more versatile like the Milano 
1	Easy to use, affordable
1	Easy to utilize, affordable
0	Color red looks poor, other modes are confusing to use, no real accessories included
0	Color red await piteous, other modes are confusing to use, no real accessories included
0	Exposure knob came off, lense kinda long
0	Exposure knob hail off, lense kinda long
1	Great pix;Quality bundle;A kid could use it
1	Great pix;Quality bundle;A kid could practice it
1	Amazing Printing Quality and Design
1	Amazing Printing timbre and Design
0	sad picture quality, poor construction, weak flash, HORRIBLE LCD
0	sad picture quality, poor construction, infirm flash, HORRIBLE LCD
1	Light, cool looking, nice phonebook features
1	low-cal, cool looking, nice phonebook features
1	Quality pictures, picture enhancing features, 5 autofocus regions, Scenes mode, small and light-weight.
1	select photograph, picture enhancing features, 5 autofocus regions, Scenes mode, small and light-weight.
1	Lightweight and easy to use
1	Lightweight and easy to employment
1	Smart, loaded with features, superb user interface, compact and light.
1	Smart, loaded with features, superb user interface, concordat and illumination.
1	This printer does everything you could want.
1	This printer does everything you could neediness.
1	Perfect size for a non-flip phone. Easy to navigate menu. Great speaker phone.
1	gross size for a non-flip phone. Easy to navigate menu. Great speaker telephone.
1	Fast, Reliable, Good Quality
1	Fast, Reliable, skilful Quality
1	Ultra fast printing, low price, small size, print quality, made by HP.
1	Ultra fast printing, broken price, small size, print quality, take by HP.
1	Great Camera...Takes great Photos
1	peachy Camera...Takes great Photos
0	Very noisy at ISO 400, purple edges at full telephoto, not much more...
0	rattling noisy at ISO 400, purple edges at full telephoto, not practically more...
0	Expensive
0	expensive
0	Kind of Big
0	genial of Big
1	Very Tiny, Cheap, Holds 100 Pictures
1	Very Tiny, tacky, Holds 100 Pictures
0	It eats batteries up fast 
0	It eats bombardment up fast 
0	Headset jack keeps dying!
0	Headset jack keeps conk!
0	Short battery life (?), holster problems, menu navigation
0	Short battery lifespan (?), holster problems, menu navigation
0	Smearing
0	smirch
0	None
0	none
1	fast printing, high dpi, sharp images
1	fast printing, highschool dpi, sharp images
1	Size, Weight, Ease of use, Reliability, durability, now available free!!
1	Size, Weight, Ease of manipulation, dependability, durability, now available free!!
0	Battery,Display and Compatibility
0	bombardment,Display and Compatibility
0	Bulky and heavy
0	Bulky and laboured
0	Plastic feels a little flimsy
0	Plastic feels a little tenuous
0	reliability, camera button, picture quality
0	reliability, camera button, photo quality
1	Fast, quiet and good photo quality
1	Fast, quiet and skillful photo quality
1	Low cost, well made
1	Low cost, well build
0	A little &quot;cheap&quot;
0	A niggling &quot;cheap&quot;
1	zoom, fast, size, design
1	zoom, truehearted, size, design
1	Size, features, quality color display, loud speaker phone, accurate voice dial, great look and feel
1	Size, features, quality color display, loud loudspeaker phone, accurate voice dial, great seem and find
0	It always breaks
0	It always pause
1	Lightweight, easy to open and close
1	Lightweight, gentle to open and close
1	ease of use, versatility
1	ease of utilization, versatility
1	Price, easy to use, good quality photos - perfect for web images.
1	Price, well-heeled to use, good select photos - perfect for web images.
0	can't see the display in the sun
0	can't check the display in the sun
0	Compatibility to windows xp, color not as sharp as other lexmark brands.
0	Compatibility to windows xp, colour not as acute as other lexmark brands.
0	Kinda Bulky, EXPENSIVE, ho-hum battery life.
0	Kinda Bulky, EXPENSIVE, irksome battery life.
0	must purchase basket and full hood separately! no cup holder, locks broke
0	must purchase basket and wide goon separately! no cup holder, locks broke
1	Very quality stroller
1	real quality stroller
0	vibrate, voice name dialing
0	thrill, voice name dialing
1	Cellular Phone Use Only
1	Cellular Phone Use alone
0	Ugly menu
0	ugly menu
0	Spotty reception, poor bluetooth
0	Spotty response, poor bluetooth
0	If you are impatient, you won't like this unit.
0	If you are impatient, you won't wish this unit.
1	The Cadallac of strollers!  A great ride, easy to use, excellent turning radius, high handle bar, will hold resale value.
1	The Cadallac of strollers!  A great ride, easy to use, excellent turning radius, eminent cover bar, will make resale evaluate.
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/toilsome phone
1	Compact, easy to use.
1	thickset, easy to use.
0	Did not come with a battery charger for the car.
0	manage not fare with a battery charger for the car.
1	Compact, Good Battery life, very basic to use
1	Compact, Good Battery liveliness, very basic to use
1	Great phone, very durable, intuitive menus, good ringer, and decent speakerphone
1	neat phone, very durable, intuitive menus, respectable ringer, and decent speakerphone
0	Grainy in low light.
0	Grainy in depressed light.
1	Cute and affordable
1	cute and affordable
1	Good value for cost
1	secure value for cost
0	um. . . . I don't know of any
0	um. . . . I don't cognize of any
1	Rechargeable battery,  floppy storage, 10X lens, 
1	Rechargeable battery,  floppy entrepot, 10X lens, 
0	price
0	damage
0	Needs extra memory card, carrying case. Use view finder instead of LCD to save battery.
0	Needs extra memory card, contain case. practice aspect finder instead of LCD to save battery.
1	big bright screen, megapixel camera, camcorder, MP3 player, voice command
1	big brilliantly screen, megapixel camera, camcorder, MP3 player, part command
1	Excellent pictures in Auto almost every time.
1	Excellent picture in Auto almost every time.
1	It's a Motorola, tri-band, custom menus, new software, did I mention it's a Motorola!
1	It's a Motorola, tri-band, custom menus, freshly software, did i mention it's a Motorola!
1	Quality of Photos, USB!!, ease of use, Battery life
1	Quality of Photos, USB!!, relief of use, Battery life
1	Size, weight, clearity, options
1	Size, weight, clearity, alternative
0	basket a bit small, price a bit high
0	basket a scrap small, price a bit high
0	This Vivitar is the worst possible quality
0	This Vivitar is the bad possible quality
0	Cartridges get stopped up ALL THE TIME, must be replaced (costs 2x printer)
0	magazine mystify stopped up ALL THE TIME, must be replaced (costs 2x printer)
0	I'm still waiting for my second replacement
0	I'm tranquilize waiting for my second replacement
1	Cool looking, great color, nice features
1	Cool count, great color, nice features
1	Lightweight (considering the product).  Easy to fold.  
1	Lightweight (considering the product).  well-off to fold.  
0	heats up quickly, mediocre games
0	heat up quickly, mediocre games
0	Not Perfect Quality
0	Not Perfect lineament
1	New Look, color screen, and internet ready
1	New Look, color screen, and internet make
0	complex menu system.  LCD hard to read in bright light
0	complex menu system.  LCD hard to read in shiny wakeful
1	Excellent voice quality -- and you get a Palm device as a bonus
1	Excellent voice prize -- and you vex a Palm device as a bonus
1	Nothing special.  I suppose it is a typical cell phone.
1	Nothing particular.  1 suppose it is a typical cell phone.
1	Great price, print quality 
1	Great price, print tone 
1	Size, Images
1	Size, simulacrum
1	Bluetooth, Infrared, JAVA , compatible with applications, affordable, play MP3s, MP4s, 3GPs, AMRs, camera
1	Bluetooth, Infrared, JAVA , compatible with diligence, affordable, flirt MP3s, MP4s, 3GPs, AMRs, camera
0	Poor image quality,no flash
0	Poor visualize quality,no flash
1	ease of use, room saver
1	ease of exercise, room saver
1	wonderful in every way
1	wonderful in every room
1	Construction quality, compact size, picture quality
1	Construction quality, compact size, figure quality
1	Low Cost, Complete &amp;amp; Easy to Use
1	Low Cost, utter &amp;amp; Easy to Use
1	Optical zoom, picture quality, ease of use
1	Optical zoom, photo quality, ease of use
0	battery doesnt last long enough
0	battery doesnt concluding long enough
1	Compact and inexpensive
1	thick and inexpensive
0	can't think of one
0	can't think of nonpareil
1	A reasonable price for all of the functions it can perform.  Fairly simple to operate.
1	A reasonable price for all of the serve it can perform.  pretty simpleton to operate.
1	CONS outweighs any pros this phone had.
1	inmate outweighs any pros this phone had.
1	This camera produces some of the best prints Ive seen, great features and solid workmanship
1	This camera produces some of the best prints Ive experience, large feature and solid workmanship
1	Nice if you have kids around the same age
1	Nice if you have shaver around the same age
1	Clarity, reception, size, overall quality.
1	Clarity, reception, size, overall prime.
0	EATS batteries. No built in USB.
0	feed batteries. No built in USB.
0	Batteries die fast if use the LCD to show you what you're photographing
0	Batteries die quick if usage the LCD to show you what you're photographing
1	Excellent zoom lens and SLR type controls&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great photos
1	Excellent zoom lens and SLR type controls&amp;#13;&A;#10;nifty photos
1	Fast, neat, top quality print on regular paper
1	Fast, neat, exceed quality print on regular paper
0	unexplainable break downs
0	unexplainable break pile
1	easy to turn, open and close, and light weight
1	easy to turn, open and secretive, and light weight
1	Great Digital Camera quality and ease of use. 
1	Great Digital Camera quality and ease of utilisation. 
0	small memory card comes with it, sucks batteries
0	small-scale memory card comes with it, sucks batteries
1	Stylish, Small, Comfortable, Professional.
1	Stylish, lowly, Comfortable, Professional.
1	Pretty camera! Takes great pictures! Many features but still easy to use!
1	Pretty camera! remove great pictures! Many features but still well-off to use!
0	Slow download, missing features.
0	Slow download, missing boast.
1	Easy to setup and use, fast focus, great contrast range &amp; high-quality color
1	Easy to setup and use, fast focalise, great contrast grade &amp; high-quality color
0	only bare bones features
0	only bare ivory features
0	Too slow, no compatibility with other printer cables, color quality isn't too great
0	Too slow, no compatibility with other printer cables, colorize select isn't too great
0	Get ready to buy batteries in bulk.
0	start ready to buy batteries in bulk.
0	expensive ink tanks
0	expensive ink tankful
1	Well-designed, easy to navigate, good reception, full implementation of Palm OS.
1	Well-designed, tardily to navigate, good reception, full implementation of Palm o.
0	service on nextel SUCKS!! cheap
0	service on nextel SUCKS!! meretricious
0	Price... back when I bought it.
0	damage... back when I bought it.
1	Fast, Cheap, Great colors
1	Fast, Cheap, smashing colors
0	nothing specific to this printer, just drawbacks of inkjet printers in general
0	zip specific to this printer, just drawbacks of inkjet printers in oecumenical
0	Back cover flimsy
0	rearward cover flimsy
1	Lightweight, durable, compact
1	Lightweight, durable, succinct
1	Great job on text, Paid $59 for it, Easy to use.
1	Great job on text, paid $59 for it, Easy to consumption.
0	big, flash pics not-so-great
0	liberal, flash pics not-so-great
0	Sprint service snafus
0	Sprint servicing snafus
1	Flip phone, easy menus, attractive, games
1	summerset phone, easy menus, attractive, games
1	Quality, Stores a lot of photos at high res.
1	Quality, Stores a lot of exposure at high res.
1	size, ease of use
1	size, easiness of use
0	No paper manual for reference
0	No paper manual for extension
0	Chows batteries, no lens cover or case
0	Chows batteries, no lens binding or case
1	Comfortable design, big buttons, small and light
1	Comfortable plan, big buttons, small and light
1	Serves two purposes in one, Good voice command
1	Serves two purposes in one, Good vocalize command
1	Inexpensive and stylish
1	Inexpensive and fashionable
1	user Friendly, very reasonable price
1	user Friendly, very fair price
0	Heats quickly, low battery, few features, no camera, no speakerphone, NOT A GOOD DEAL
0	Heats quickly, low battery, few features, no camera, no speakerphone, NOT a GOOD mint
1	High Quality, Good Price, Lasts a Long Time
1	High lineament, Good Price, Lasts a Long Time
1	MP3 player, MultiMediaCard support, huge memory (MultiMediaCard), large and clear display, light weight, java games
1	MP3 histrion, MultiMediaCard support, huge memory (MultiMediaCard), large and discharge display, wanton weight, java games
0	Internal antenna gets terrible reception!  Phone constantly shuts down!
0	Internal antenna bring terrible reception!  Phone constantly shuts down!
1	Great pictures @ 800 size and under, ease of use, value.
1	Great pictures @ 800 size and under, comfort of utilisation, value.
1	easy to use, great pictures, complete with cables and software
1	easy to use, capital pictures, ended with cables and software
1	intuitive to use, easy to access functions.
1	intuitive to function, easy to access functions.
1	Looks,Small, Sleek, Light Wieght, good battery life, and Durable
1	Looks,Small, Sleek, unaccented Wieght, salutary battery life, and Durable
1	Slim, sleek, classy look
1	Slim, sleek, classy calculate
1	Nice Picture Quality, Easy to use software, Easy Operation
1	Nice render Quality, Easy to use software, Easy Operation
0	No bluetooth? what the heck is that??
0	nobelium bluetooth? what the heck is that??
1	Great quality, features, durability and ease of use.
1	Great quality, characteristic, durability and ease of use.
1	Good Quality, 6 ink colors
1	serious Quality, 6 ink colors
0	Awful tech support, worst tech support ever!
0	Awful tech support, worst tech stand ever!
1	Convenient, durable, easy to wash
1	Convenient, durable, well-situated to wash
1	1.Superb quality photographs, 2.Logical ergonomics, 3.Classy look and feel
1	1.Superb quality photographs, two.consistent ergonomics, 3.Classy look and feel
1	Sound quality; Long battery life
1	Sound quality; Long battery liveliness
1	Small, good value, point &amp;amp; shoot
1	Small, beneficial value, point &amp;amp; shoot
1	features
1	feature
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	A seemly phone with some unique features!
1	A basic cell phone, inexpensive with very good reception and a large number memory.
1	A basic cell phone, inexpensive with very soundly reception and a enceinte number memory.
1	Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
1	gentle to read display, lots of interesting features,
1	quality of images; ease of use
1	quality of effigy; ease of use
0	BATTERY life!!!!!!!!  15 pics and your done.  Not enough flexibility in the settings.
0	shelling life!!!!!!!!  15 pics and your answer.  Not enough flexibility in the settings.
0	Inconsistent service
0	Inconsistent servicing
0	NONE
0	none
0	SEE ABOVE
0	envision ABOVE
1	Small, lightweight, easy to use. a good beginner camera.
1	Small, lightweight, easy to use. a full beginner camera.
1	Apert.Priority and Shut.Priority, 4MP, AA size batts
1	Apert.Priority and unopen.Priority, 4MP, AA size batts
0	Battery life, lcd screen
0	Battery life, lcd test
1	Very Affordable and Compact
1	Very Affordable and thickset
0	battery life
0	barrage life
0	expensive cartriges
0	expensive cartriges
1	everything
1	everything
0	None significant
0	none significant
0	Expensive, larger than Elph
0	Expensive, big than Elph
1	Well constructed
1	good constructed
1	Value for money, compact
1	Value for money, compress
0	Only comes with 8 MB flash memory card
0	Only comes with 8 MB blink memory card
1	I like all SONY Digitals!
1	iodin like all SONY Digitals!
1	Rugged, good display, great integration of phone and Palm PDA.
1	Rugged, practiced display, heavy integration of phone and Palm PDA.
1	easy to use, zoom lense, sony makes a good product.
1	easy to habit, zoom lense, sony defecate a good product.
1	Easy! interface!
1	slowly! interface!
1	Fantastic quality pictures
1	grotesque quality pictures
1	Large screen, easy menus, good signal
1	Large screen, easy menus, well signal
0	Doesn't remember flash setting
0	Doesn't remember newsflash setting
0	Perfect ligting or no picture, software hangs in XP, wrong website URL on packaging.
0	Perfect ligting or no project, software bent in XP, wrong website URL on packaging.
0	Slime factor, weak battery, transferring contacts, ugly, won't sync, won't record phone conversations
0	Slime ingredient, weak battery, transferring contacts, ugly, won't sync, won't show phone conversations
1	Nice looking design, Super easy to use, easy to install
1	skillful looking design, Super slowly to use, easy to install
0	Gets some stray work groups from time to time.
0	Gets some stray exploit groups from time to time.
1	Looks, Functions, Battery
1	count, Functions, Battery
0	slow, cables extra, uses a lot of ink very quickly
0	slowly, cables extra, uses a plenty of ink very quickly
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	Squids
0	squid
1	Sleek all metal magnesium alloy body, internal focus 4x optical zoom lense.
1	flowing all metal magnesium alloy body, internal focus 4x ocular zoom lense.
0	Could provide a bit more sharpness to images, but not really so bad.
0	Could provide a bite more sharpness to visualize, but not really so bad.
1	great images, price
1	great trope, price
0	Verizon completely removed Voice Dialing on this supposedly "Upgraded" Phone.
0	Verizon completely removed part dial on this supposedly "Upgraded" Phone.
1	Small, Lightweight, Changeable faceplates, downloadable ringtones, simple, easy-to-use
1	Small, Lightweight, Changeable faceplates, downloadable ringtones, round-eyed, easy-to-use
0	Wheels could be stronger
0	Wheels could be impregnable
0	non digital; very limited selection of rings
0	non digital; very limited selection of surround
1	Lightweight,stylish &amp; lots conveniences 
1	Lightweight,stylish &amp; oodles conveniences 
0	it's more than a bubblejet, but wait till you see the quality!
0	it's more than a bubblejet, but wait till you encounter the select!
0	Pricey
0	costly
1	Durable, Long battery life, Inexpensive this list goes on...
1	Durable, Long battery living, Inexpensive this list goes on...
0	None that I have noticed
0	None that iodine have noticed
1	Small Size, Lightweight, Good voice quality, Nice menus, Better than TP 1100
1	Small Size, Lightweight, Good voice prime, Nice menus, dear than TP 1100
1	Cheap ink ($1.99 on Ebay)
1	meretricious ink ($1.99 on Ebay)
0	poor mpeg movie quality
0	poor mpeg movie caliber
1	Great value, many features
1	neat value, many features
1	Printout quality is great, speed is good
1	Printout quality is cracking, speed is good
1	Great features
1	dandy features
0	Focusing is a little harder than with a normal camera.
0	focalization is a little difficult than with a normal camera.
0	clarity
0	uncloudedness
0	No RAM
0	no RAM
1	Advanced address book, easy menu navigation, lots of features for the price
1	Advanced address Koran, easy menu navigation, loads of features for the price
0	Prints kinda slow
0	Prints kinda dense
0	Small keys,not good for BIG FINGERS. Need USB Cable to get pictures out.
0	Small keys,not good for BIG FINGERS. Need USB Cable to start depiction out.
0	Talk and End button could be a little bigger.
0	Talk and End button could be a slight bigger.
1	overall quality
1	overall prize
0	When used for photos ink runs out rather quickly.  
0	When used for photos ink carry out rather quickly.  
1	All the manual features needed and more
1	All the manual lineament needed and more
1	Excellent Photo printing.  Amazingly low ink usage!
1	Excellent Photo printing.  Amazingly depleted ink usage!
1	nice quality output (especially on coated paper), quiet
1	nice calibre output (especially on coated paper), quiet
0	does not have optical zoom, flash not strong enough for far pictures, 3 second delay before you can shoot another picture, no mpeg mode
0	does not have optical zoom, flashbulb not strong enough for far pictures, tercet second stay before you can shoot another flick, no mpeg mode
1	small, lightweight, easy to read display, long battery life, very durable
1	small, lightweight, well-situated to read display, long bombardment life, very durable
1	easy to use
1	well-to-do to use
0	quality of unit,
0	quality of whole,
0	Software does not have a lot of options of editing.
0	Software does not have a Lot of pick of editing.
0	Don't like AdobeActiveShare 
0	Don't ilk AdobeActiveShare 
0	minor issues regarding paperhandling with thick paper.
0	minor number regarding paperhandling with thick paper.
0	the price of $400.
0	the damage of $400.
1	good, cheap fast printer
1	good, cheap debauched printer
0	wedded to Sony for supplies, Only prints 4x6 and 3.5x4 pictures
0	splice to Sony for supplies, solitary prints 4x6 and 3.5x4 pictures
0	Doesn't work. Screen flickers. Calls are randomly disconnected.
0	Doesn't work. Screen flickers. promise are randomly disconnected.
1	Ultra-compact, stunning picture quality, loaded with features
1	Ultra-compact, stunning picture quality, squiffy with features
1	All the extras that came with it are easy to use. The option of looking thru the peep-hole or seeing it on the screen.
1	All the extras that number with it are easy to enjoyment. The option of bet thru the peep-hole or hear it on the screen.
1	Simple to use,nice features for less than $100,USB upload
1	uncomplicated to use,dainty features for less than $100,USB upload
0	Lousy display that sometimes fails
0	rotten display that sometimes fails
0	Poor use of screen space.  Not the loudest standard talk volume.  Poor mp3 volume ranges.
0	Poor employ of screen space.  Not the loudest standard lecture volume.  Poor mp3 volume compass.
1	Cheap; compatible with a wide variety of connections; decent text printing.
1	gaudy; compatible with a wide diversity of connections; decent text printing.
1	Fantastic lens, easy to get to manual operation
1	Fantastic lens, easy to stupefy to manual operation
0	expensive cartrages
0	expensive cartrages
1	Excellent coverage, solid phone, good AM-radio quality.
1	Excellent coverage, solid phone, estimable AM-radio quality.
0	Internal contacts on number pad are terrible, random numbers displayed, must try redialing at times.
0	Internal meet on number aggrandize are wicked, random numbers displayed, must try redialing at times.
0	None!
0	none!
0	sometimes the network port needs to be reset (not an issue for most home users)
0	sometimes the network port needs to be readjust (not an offspring for most internal users)
1	Terrific Pictures
1	Terrific characterization
0	UNRELIABLE
0	treacherous
0	none
0	none
1	Affordability
1	Affordability
1	Great camera for the money
1	corking camera for the money
1	Relative durability, aesthetics, size, connectivity, features, camera
1	Relative durability, esthetics, size, connectivity, features, camera
1	simple to operate, easy on the chequebook, decent quality pics, lightweight
1	simple to lock, well-off on the chequebook, decent quality pics, lightweight
0	can't keep the shutter open for more than 2 seconds, so if you're getting it for night shots, a different one may be more suitable
0	can't keep the shutter open for more than II endorse, so if you're contract it for night shots, a dissimilar matchless may be more suitable
0	Low Battery Life, Antenna Too Flimsy, Outdated
0	Low Battery liveliness, Antenna Too Flimsy, Outdated
1	Small size, 2.1 megapixel image quality, video mode, CF media, controls, panoramic mode
1	Small size, 2.1 megapixel image quality, television manner, CF media, controls, panoramic mode
0	Loud start-up, somewhat noisy
0	flash start-up, somewhat noisy
0	Ringers hard for me to hear.
0	Ringers tough for me to hear.
0	BATTERY LIFE, A BIT LARGE
0	BATTERY LIFE, A BIT expectant
0	Picture quality is not always good, batteries don't last long
0	Picture timbre is not always skillful, batteries don't last long
1	Cost, ease of use, quality of photos
1	Cost, ease of consumption, quality of photos
0	flimsy construction
0	flimsy twist
1	Pretty. Wallpapers, and MIDI ringtones.
1	jolly. Wallpapers, and MIDI ringtones.
1	great images, inks refilled easily, inexpensive
1	great visualise, inks refilled easily, inexpensive
0	keypad keys are small
0	keypad name are small
0	Wish software had active monitor window
0	Wish software had active admonisher window
0	Phone is hard to program and clunky, international service is extremely expensive
0	Phone is surd to broadcast and clunky, international service is extremely expensive
0	makes loud noises, average printing quality, runs out of ink quickly
0	make loud noises, average printing quality, tend out of ink quickly
0	Cost and complexity of instruction book.
0	Cost and complexity of education book.
1	Durable, Reliable, Good Photos
1	Durable, Reliable, undecomposed Photos
1	Clear printing, Hassle free use
1	Clear printing, Hassle free practice
0	No output to TV.
0	No output to tv.
0	a little awkward
0	a little cumbersome
0	Unreliable, awkward menus and side buttons
0	Unreliable, awkward menu and side buttons
1	Lots of easy to use features, spectacular picture quality
1	tons of easy to use features, spectacular picture quality
0	Having to buy the ink
0	suffer to buy the ink
1	Simple. Powerful.
1	Simple. mightily.
1	Easy to use, great pictures, good size, mostly reliable
1	Easy to use, large pictures, good size, mostly reliable
0	Cartridge management. Discontinued.
0	Cartridge management. discontinued.
0	price of media, limit on picture size
0	price of media, bound on picture size
1	Compact, dynamic interface, decent features.
1	Compact, dynamic interface, nice features.
1	small and it folds
1	small and it crease
0	Memory stick (digital film) included with camera is only 4 mb, too small
0	Memory sting (digital film) included with camera is only 4 mb, too modest
1	I got it free with a rebate from Cingular.
1	I got it release with a rebate from Cingular.
0	on the bulky side, digital zoom
0	on the bulky incline, digital zoom
1	Sleek, Lightweight, Durable, Awesome battery life.
1	Sleek, Lightweight, Durable, Awesome battery life-time.
0	no camera,a bit lacking on colour display(only 4096).
0	no camera,a chip lacking on coloration display(only 4096).
0	Battery life
0	Battery biography
0	heavy, a bit bulky
0	heavy, a fleck bulky
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to purpose
0	There are other cameras with better performance in regard to image quality, battery life, etc.
0	There are other cameras with beneficial performance in regard to double quality, battery living, etc.
0	Viewfinder, occasional focus problems
0	Viewfinder, occasional focusing problems
1	Battery Life&#13;&#10;Small Size&#13;&#10;Large Display&#13;&#10;4 Digit Call
1	Battery Life&#13;&#10;pocket-sized Size&#13;&#X;Large Display&#13;&#10;4 dactyl Call
1	High Resolution,Carl Zeiss Lens,CD-R &amp; RW media, Great picture review  
1	High Resolution,Carl Zeiss Lens,CD-R &amp; RW medium, Great picture revaluation  
0	a little heavy to clip on that hot little Friday night outfit!
0	a little heavy to nip on that hot picayune Friday night outfit!
0	No speakerphone
0	no speakerphone
1	inexpensive, few jams
1	inexpensive, few hole
0	loud and slow
0	loud and obtuse
1	small size and ease of use; versatile with many options
1	pocket-size size and facilitate of use; versatile with many options
0	Lens cap, thats it!
0	Lens capital, thats it!
0	Heads require frequent cleaning, ink used up rapidly. Machine is not for beginners
0	Heads require patronise cleaning, ink used up rapidly. Machine is not for initiate
1	Small size, color screen, very good battery life and reception.
1	Small size, color screen, very soundly battery living and reception.
1	great print, EZ setup, EZ to use, cheap ink, EPson relablilty
1	cracking print, EZ setup, EZ to use, tatty ink, EPson relablilty
0	Too pricy
0	overly pricy
0	Only prints 4X6 prints.  No preview screen.
0	just prints 4X6 prints.  No preview screen.
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	Voice recorder, navigation, filmdom quality, speakerphone
1	Ease of use, features 
1	Ease of employment, features 
0	durability, small hard-to-use buttons
0	enduringness, small hard-to-use buttons
1	Great pix; bright LCD; good battery life
1	Great pix; bright LCD; good battery aliveness
1	color
1	colourize
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
0	A few passably minor hiccups
1	Styling, compact size
1	Styling, contract size
0	Not enough people have this printer
0	Not enough masses have this printer
1	stylish, silver flip phone, camera, voice activated calling.
1	stylish, silver riff phone, camera, voice activated calling.
1	Good image quality for well-lit areas, easy, simple operation
1	Good image quality for well-lit areas, easy, simpleton operation
1	Size, weight, portability, clarity, overall appearance
1	Size, weighting, portability, clarity, overall appearance
1	Ability to view and print directly from memory cards
1	Ability to view and print straight from memory cards
0	Background noise, slooowww menu selection
0	desktop noise, slooowww menu selection
0	Colour, On/Off button
0	Colour, on/Off button
0	price, short canopy, handles
0	price, little canopy, handles
0	Very hard to "hold" with your shoulder while... cough... driving.
0	Very hard to "hold" with your berm while... coughing... driving.
0	impromptu photos come out blurry, higher res translates to grainy pictures. 
0	impromptu photos come out blurry, eminent res translates to grainy image. 
1	Price and quality
1	Price and calibre
0	standerd charger is slow
0	standerd charger is slack
0	obvious distortion at edges, bit large
0	obvious distortion at march, bit large
1	quality production
1	select production
0	expensive, inadequate sunshade, hard to adjust seat position
0	expensive, inadequate sunshade, punishing to adjust seat position
0	Problems with color balance, automatic flash and shutter speed.
0	Problems with color balance, automatic flash and shutter fastness.
0	Expensive - Large Size 
0	Expensive - magnanimous Size 
0	Small, No Drivers Included with Phone for Laptops/PDAS
0	Small, No Drivers Included with sound for Laptops/PDAS
1	Large format picture perfect prints. Super fast.
1	Large format word-painting perfect prints. Super fast.
1	Easy to use, durable, quality photos
1	Easy to exercise, durable, quality photos
1	Easy to use,reasonable price range,good picture quality,viewer on camera
1	Easy to use,reasonable damage roam,good picture quality,viewer on camera
1	size, style, features, durability
1	size, style, have, durability
0	Flip top easily broken; ringer stops working occasionally; horrible warranty program
0	Flip tiptop easily broken; ringer stops exploit occasionally; horrible warranty program
1	durable, lightweight, a car seat-stroller-and -basket in one, classy, easy to fold, a great price
1	durable, lightweight, a car seat-stroller-and -basket in matchless, classy, easy to crimp, a expectant price
0	To print one picture in &amp;quot;Best&amp;quot; mode takes approximately two minutes.
0	To print one picture in &amp;quot;better&amp;quot; mode study approximately two min.
1	Great photo quality, no paper jams
1	keen photo quality, no paper jams
0	Lack of Features
0	miss of Features
1	Easy to carry, Optical Zoom, Macro, USB connection
1	Easy to take, Optical Zoom, Macro, USB connection
0	poor battery life, defect in plastic, phone gets hot poor ring tones
0	poor battery life, defect in plastic, phone stick hot poor ring feeling
1	Excellent quality. Good settings/functions for the common user.
1	Excellent quality. well settings/functions for the common user.
1	Nice backlight, color external Caller ID
1	Nice backlight, color external caller ID
0	Low battery life, not too many features
0	humble battery life, not too many features
0	The price!
0	The terms!
1	lightweight, easy to use,
1	lightweight, easy to employment,
1	Durable, reliable, has the basic features I want
1	Durable, reliable, has the canonic features I want
1	Very simple to use, great battery life, very durable, comes with ear wired ear piece.
1	Very simple to use, groovy battery liveliness, very durable, comes with ear wired ear nibble.
1	Cheap price! good phone
1	Cheap price! goodness phone
1	tiny size, incredible loading/saving speed, "roomy" built-in memory.
1	tiny size, incredible loading/saving speed, "roomy" built-in storage.
0	It is just a bit noisy
0	It is just a burn noisy
0	2.5mm headphone jack, no data cable or flash memory included,  no PC software
0	2.5mm headphone knave, no data cable or loud memory included,  no PC software
0	printer extremely slow with Windows 98
0	printer extremely slow with Windows ninety-eight
0	You can't easily edit directly on the camera.
0	You can't well edit directly on the camera.
1	Lightweight, good battery life and reception.
1	Lightweight, full battery life and reception.
0	READ BELOW
0	understand BELOW
1	Great phone, full of features. Fantastic screen.
1	Great phone, wax of features. Fantastic screen.
0	floppy won't hold that many pics at a high resolution
0	floppy won't carry that many movie at a high resolution
1	Small, almost total steel body, 3x optical, 2.1 megapixel, CF storage, USB connectivity, Lith-Ion battery
1	Small, almost total steel trunk, 3x optical, 2.1 megapixel, cf. reposition, USB connectivity, Lith-Ion battery
0	Service quirks, phone glitch causes loss of voice to other side...
0	servicing quirkiness, phone glitch causes loss of voice to other side...
1	Inexpensive, easy to install and use
1	Inexpensive, easy to install and usage
1	Price
1	damage
0	Battery life, under-powered flash, no provision for add-on lenses or external flash&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Battery living, under-powered flash, no provision for add-on lenses or external jiffy&amp;#xiii;&amp;#10;
1	When it works, it's very nice.
1	When it mould, it's very nice.
0	Kind of Big, none other.
0	Kind of adult, none other.
0	MOST OF THE TIME, IT DOESN'T WORK!
0	MOST OF THE metre, IT DOESN'T WORK!
1	Excellent size, good integration, stable
1	Excellent size, adept integration, stable
1	Good quality
1	dear quality
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	salutary than the V710 but still not perfrect.
0	For the price of the product, none.  
0	For the price of the ware, none.  
1	none
1	none
1	Sleek, tiny, and can change to your taste
1	Sleek, tiny, and can modify to your taste
0	sssslllllloooooowwwwwww
0	sssslllllloooooowwwwwww
1	Good sound, good price, versatile accessories.
1	Good sound, good damage, versatile accessories.
0	Finicky in low-light situations, download software difficult to use
0	Finicky in low-light situations, download software difficult to apply
1	hmmm....it's a nice paperweight, good software
1	hmmm....it's a dainty paperweight, good software
1	Fast, crisp output, accurate colors, 2-sided printing, envelope feeder
1	dissolute, crisp output, accurate colors, 2-sided printing, envelope feeder
1	The print quality is great 
1	The print quality is swell 
1	Stylish, easy operation &amp; transmission to computer.
1	Stylish, slow operation &amp; transmission to computer.
0	Price, Weak Flash.
0	Price, Weak flashgun.
1	Size.  Portability.
1	size.  Portability.
0	Deceptive Advertising Leading to HORRIBLE PICS especially indoors
0	Deceptive Advertising Leading to HORRIBLE movie especially indoors
0	Printing Envelopes
0	impression Envelopes
1	Wonderful storage in cd!
1	Wonderful storage in 400!
1	The price is dropping and firmware upgrades are happening.
1	The price is drop and firmware upgrades are happening.
0	expensive ink, painfully slow
0	expensive ink, painfully easy
0	Bad signal.
0	sorry signal.
1	WOW-factor, Slim and lightweight design, full of features, reception, ability to upload multimedia
1	WOW-factor, Slim and lightweight intent, full of lineament, reception, ability to upload multimedia
1	exceptionally easy to use, accessories are easy to find
1	exceptionally easy to use, accessories are well-situated to find
0	sometimes out of focus on moving objects
0	sometimes out of center on moving objects
0	Lack of ring tones, wallpaper and screensavers; poor clarity; poor caller-ID.
0	Lack of reverberate tones, wallpaper and screensavers; misfortunate clarity; poor caller-ID.
1	cheap, hard to screw up, easy to use jog dial for simple menus
1	inexpensive, hard to chicane up, easy to use jog dial for simple menus
0	Cheap- junky.  Spend $50 more and get something A LOT better!
0	Cheap- junky.  Spend $50 more and convey something A LOT respectable!
0	Price
0	terms
1	Turns easily, stable, comfortable, rugged, reliable.
1	Turns easily, unchanging, comfortable, rugged, reliable.
0	Easy to lose because of its small size!
0	Easy to lose because of its low size!
1	Great lens, high res imaging, small form factor
1	swell lens, high res imaging, small form factor
1	Print Quality, Price, And Nice Chassis
1	Print Quality, Price, And gracious Chassis
0	Horrible customer service... delivery problems
0	Horrible customer help... delivery problems
0	a pain
0	a anguish
0	After several usages the printer heads began smearing.
0	After several usages the printer manoeuvre began smearing.
0	Battery life is weak, Lots of extras.
0	Battery life-time is weak, Lots of extras.
0	Goes through batteries quickly if you don't watch it!
0	locomote through batteries quickly if you don't watch it!
1	Above average printer; great price!
1	Above mediocre printer; great price!
0	Thin, but wide. Battery life is average. Price is kind of high. Gets dirty easily.
0	Thin, but wide. Battery life is average. Price is variety of gamey. incur dirty easily.
1	Well Balanced phone
1	Well Balanced telephone
0	short battery life and no zoom
0	brusk battery life and no zoom
0	user manual
0	exploiter manual
1	Easy to use, fairly inexpensive, good indoor pictures and I love using a floppy for storage
1	Easy to use, fairly cheap, expert indoor photograph and I love using a floppy for storage
0	Continuous problems with printing
0	Continuous problems with publish
1	portability, ease of use, voice dial
1	portability, ease of manipulation, voice dial
1	Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, Good screen quality
1	Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, safe screen quality
0	does not have high-tech features
0	does not have hi-tech features
1	cheap,
1	meretricious,
1	Small, stylish, excellent signal reception, attention getter, light, customizable
1	Small, stylish, excellent betoken reception, attention getter, light, customizable
1	look & feel, durability, large color screen, polyphonic ring-tones, flash light.
1	look & feel, durability, magnanimous color screen, polyphonic ring-tones, flash calorie-free.
1	Small, easy to use.
1	Small, easy to habituate.
1	Price, Picture Quality, Short shutter lag.
1	damage, Picture Quality, Short shutter lag.
1	Uhhh. . .Uhhh...Hmmmm
1	Uhhh. . .Uhhh...Hmmmm
0	Control system must have been designed by a congressional sub-committee.
0	master system must have been project by a congressional sub-committee.
0	no camera phone or bells and whistles. Very basic other than color screen.
0	no camera phone or toll and whistles. Very basic other than color filmdom.
0	Slow upload port, red-eye feature doesn't work as promised
0	Slow upload port, red-eye feature doesn't work as anticipate
1	HIGH quality images, Light weight, Popup Flash, LCD
1	HIGH quality images, Light weight, Popup scud, LCD
0	Still a little pricey.  Can get lost quite easily.
0	Still a little pricey.  Can get lost quite well.
1	Easy Storage of pics, easy operation use, great for websites
1	Easy Storage of flick, easy operation use, peachy for websites
0	ink price
0	ink terms
0	Serious accessory issues
0	serious accessory issues
0	Zero customer service
0	Zero customer servicing
0	Clunky (which is also a plus), not a lot of "cool" presence.
0	Clunky (which is also a asset), not a hatful of "cool" presence.
1	affordable, practical, ease of use, easy to customize
1	affordable, virtual, ease of use, easy to customize
0	Not too loud, but not the quietest either.
0	Not too loud, but not the unruffled either.
0	cost
0	toll
0	poor image resolution; high battery usage; not upgradable
0	poor image resolution; high battery custom; not upgradable
1	Ease of use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Three separate color ink vials plus a black.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite.
1	Ease of habit.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;leash reprint color ink vials plus a sinister.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite.
1	good value, easy to use
1	secure value, easy to use
0	I can't think of any
0	I can't intend of any
0	minor functionality, no battery meter
0	youngster functionality, no battery meter
0	Toner is a little on the expensive side.
0	Toner is a short on the expensive side.
1	All in one and able to integrate phone needs and palm databases
1	All in one and able-bodied to integrate phone needs and ribbon databases
1	quality photos, stored on diskette
1	quality photos, stored on floppy
1	Easy to open and close, Basket comes off
1	well-situated to open and close, Basket comes off
1	voice clarity, ease of use
1	voice clarity, ease of usance
0	non-alphebatized phone book, no games, bad rings
0	non-alphebatized phone Quran, no games, bad rings
1	Extremely lightweight 
1	Extremely whippersnapper 
1	Light, easy to fold up, easy to maneuver with one hand.
1	short, easy to fold up, soft to maneuver with one hand.
0	pricey, too good resolution for average person
0	pricey, too skilful resolution for average person
1	small and compacetstyling
1	small-scale and compacetstyling
1	see Key Features
1	control Key Features
1	Decent color
1	becoming color
0	none
0	none
0	Seems fragile, expensive, bad signal reception
0	Seems fragile, expensive, high-risk signal reception
0	software
0	package
0	Antenna (no biggie), no ring+vibracall, no calender (PDA)
0	Antenna (no biggie), no pack+vibracall, no calender (PDA)
0	Price, Pixel Resolution
0	Price, Pixel solution
0	Identical features to the StarTac, more expensive, does not feel solid and durable
0	Identical lineament to the StarTac, more expensive, does not feel self-coloured and durable
1	Easy to use, makes good photographs.
1	Easy to use, makes dear photographs.
0	Proprietory battery
0	Proprietory shelling
1	Clear, crisp and realistic color printing
1	authorise, crisp and realistic color printing
0	no cover, learn to conserve battery
0	no traverse, learn to conserve battery
0	bad color-detail prints
0	unsound color-detail prints
1	user friendly, use of compact flash cards and AA size batteries
1	user friendly, use of compact flashbulb cards and AA sizing batteries
0	slow, many little problems
0	deadening, many little problems
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to expend
0	Bluish cast to some pictures
0	Bluish drift to some pictures
1	Size, handling, large screen, games, voice dialing, scheduler, phone book
1	Size, handling, large filmdom, games, voice dialing, scheduler, sound book
0	Not as rugged as most cell phones
0	not as rugged as most cell phones
1	Excellent phone
1	first-class phone
0	buying print cartridges (not too often, though)
0	bribe print cartridges (not too often, though)
0	USB wouldnt work On windowsME for me
0	USB wouldnt act On windowsME for me
0	could be faster, S-H-A-K-Y
0	could be quick, S-H-A-K-Y
0	none
0	none
1	Great Picture Quality, compact
1	outstanding Picture Quality, compact
0	Not for Photo Quality, Not lightening fast
0	not for Photo Quality, Not lightening fast
1	Thin, great sounding, extra features like video, camera, etc.
1	sparse, great sounding, extra features like video, camera, etc.
1	Truly Pocketable. Affordable. Fast. Perfect with Bluetooth headsets. Tip Calculator & World Clock features!
1	Truly Pocketable. Affordable. libertine. Perfect with Bluetooth headsets. tiptoe Calculator & World Clock features!
0	Does not do well with action shots, slow recovery to take next shot
0	perform not do well with action shots, slow recovery to take next nip
0	Instructions can be unclear at times, no carrying case
0	Instructions can be unclear at times, no carrying suit
0	ink smears when wet
0	ink slur when wet
1	Easy to fold, quite compact(when folded), convenient
1	Easy to fold, quite heavyset(when folded), convenient
1	Price, LCD
1	cost, LCD
1	SIZE, durability, speakerphone.
1	sizing, durability, speakerphone.
0	None so far for me
0	None so ALIR for me
0	not ergonomic menus, slow connection with the pc
0	not ergonomic menus, dim connection with the pc
0	Photo quality is good but not great.
0	Photo quality is good but not bully.
0	The scanner scratched the scan jackets so it left lines
0	The scanner scratched the scan cap so it left bloodline
0	no good directions in the box
0	no thoroughly directions in the box
0	Small &amp; Lightweight (Don't Lose It!), A bit Fragile
0	humble &amp; Lightweight (Don't Lose It!), A bit Fragile
0	Batteries die fast
0	Batteries die degraded
1	good cover, reclines all the way down, nice leg extension
1	serious cover, reclines all the style down, nice leg extension
1	High quality pictures, very economical, many features and great user manual.
1	High prime characterization, very economical, many features and great user manual.
1	lightweight, prints fast, easy set up.
1	lightweight, prints fast, easy determined up.
1	Durable construction, good battery life, simple operation, photo quality is EXCELLENT for this price range!
1	Durable construction, respectable battery life, simple operation, photo lineament is EXCELLENT for this price crop!
0	4-way Navigation Button &amp; Proprietary Battery
0	4-way navigation Button &amp; Proprietary Battery
1	Great price, wide format printing
1	Great price, all-inclusive format printing
0	too big for me
0	too bounteous for me
0	Nothing yet
0	Nothing hitherto
1	Color screen, brew apps, nice features.
1	Color blind, brew apps, nice features.
0	can't think of any
0	can't mean of any
0	Its still very new with limited add ons
0	Its still very new with specify add ons
1	Nice looking.
1	Nice wait.
1	Graphics and clarity
1	graphics and clarity
1	Fast cycling of pictures, plenty of features and manual controls
1	degraded cycling of pictures, plenty of boast and manual controls
0	Speakers go out. Limited ring choices. Voice Activated Dialing not as accurate as older phones.
0	Speakers sound out. express ring choices. Voice Activated Dialing not as precise as older phones.
0	Problems are soon to come.
0	Problems are soon to fall.
1	small, very durable, AIM installed on some, spacious keys
1	small, very durable, AIM installed on some, spacious describe
1	Long battery life and excellent call reliability.  Closest thing I've seen to shock-proof electronics.
1	Long battery life and excellent call reliability.  Closest affair I've ascertain to shock-proof electronics.
1	free, cute looking in shape
1	rid, cute looking in shape
1	bright LCD, fast startup, TIFF format, burst mode
1	bright LCD, fast startup, TIFF formatting, burst mode
1	ease in transfer to laptop
1	ease in shift to laptop
0	none
0	none
1	easy to use, great quality
1	easy to use, dandy quality
0	heavy for its size
0	gravid for its size
1	fun and functional
1	fun and operable
0	No cable included - but printers never include them!
0	No line included - but printers never include them!
1	HEADACHE GIVER!
1	HEADACHE donor!
1	Light, portable, economic, good quality, strong, LCD display, capacity
1	Light, portable, economic, good timber, strong, LCD display, capacity
1	Good RF Performance.
1	Good rutherfordium Performance.
1	Photo Quality Prints
1	pic Quality Prints
1	good phone
1	salutary phone
0	Sometimes goes into roam in big buildings.  Rubber piece protecting the handsfree broke off.
0	Sometimes run into roam in vauntingly buildings.  Rubber piece protecting the handsfree broke off.
1	really small and sexy
1	real small and sexy
0	Unintuitive controls for detailed settings
0	Unintuitive curb for detailed settings
1	Versatility, Reliability, Cost effective
1	Versatility, Reliability, Cost effectual
1	color inkjet, 1200x1200 dpi, only 40.00!
1	emblazon inkjet, 1200x1200 dpi, only 40.00!
1	Acts as PDA, easy to read screen, predictive typing, Othello/Reversi game, voice dialing
1	turn as PDA, easy to read screen, predictive typing, Othello/Reversi spunky, voice dialing
0	Antennae breaks easily
0	Antennae breaks well
0	None
0	none
1	size, price
1	size, damage
1	CD-R 156 mb disks!  and a great zoom
1	CD-R 156 mb disks!  and a peachy zoom
0	inside flash sometimes not great, eats up batteries fast
0	inside flash sometimes not great, eats up batteries fasting
0	Hissing in the earpiece
0	fizzle in the earpiece
0	NONE
0	none
0	Dust in the viewfinder, rubber hand grip stretches &amp; becomes unglued
0	Dust in the viewfinder, rubber hand suitcase stretching &amp; becomes unglued
1	The finest inkjet printer ever made in the history of the universe
1	The okay inkjet printer ever induce in the history of the universe
0	Carrying case not included
0	gestate case not included
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything one mentioned in the review.
0	None
0	none
1	Smallest Digital Camera, Price, 2.1 Megapixel
1	minuscule Digital Camera, Price, 2.1 Megapixel
1	Light weight, good features great battery
1	Light weight, adept features great battery
0	Digital zoom, 8MB memory stick, enter button, usb/video out cover.
0	Digital zoom, 8MB memory joystick, enter button, usb/video out comprehend.
1	Personalizeable, pretty, cheap
1	Personalizeable, pretty, tatty
0	it is SLOW, and the ink is not cheap
0	it is ho-hum, and the ink is not cheap
1	Smallest 10x optical zoom, USB link, outstanding quality
1	Smallest 10x optical zoom, USB connexion, outstanding quality
0	Singleband
0	Singleband
0	Mediocre service; battery life; Small memory; limited fancy features; doesn't sync with other electronic devices
0	Mediocre help; battery life; little memory; limited fancy features; doesn't synchronise with other electronic devices
1	Great quality, durable, relatively easy to use
1	Great quality, indestructible, relatively easy to use
1	Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink,Fantastic Photos
1	Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink,Fantastic exposure
0	A Little more pricey than competing brands
0	A small more pricey than competing brands
1	Tons of cool features.  Pocket-sized and stylish.  Great for photography novices or enthusiasts.
1	stacks of cool features.  Pocket-sized and stylish.  great for photography novices or enthusiasts.
0	they don't give them away
0	they don't dedicate them away
1	Sleek, excellent speakerphone, efficient voice-dial, plenty of memory, wallpapers and MP3 ringtones
1	Sleek, excellent speakerphone, efficient voice-dial, passel of memory, wallpaper and MP3 ringtones
0	Pros negated by the terrible sound on the receiving end of phone.  "muffled"
0	Pros negated by the terrible fathom on the receiving end of phone.  "softened"
1	low cost, easy to use
1	low cost, easy to role
1	Quality of prints, ease of use
1	Quality of prints, relief of use
1	It prints.
1	It print.
1	feature rich
1	boast rich
0	Batteries are pretty expensive
0	Batteries are fairly expensive
0	a little pricey
0	a slight pricey
0	Some Paper Jams, Ink Smears If Inkhead is clogged
0	Some Paper Jams, Ink smear If Inkhead is clogged
0	No color display, gets hot
0	No color display, beat hot
1	Camera, ringtones, user-friendly
1	camera, ringtones, user-friendly
0	annoying ringtones
0	gravel ringtones
1	Indiglo backlight display, 2 screens, size, memory, voice recognition
1	Indiglo backlight display, 2 concealment, size, memory, voice recognition
0	slow for office use, noisy, can be heavy on ink usage
0	decelerate for office use, noisy, can be grueling on ink usage
0	Expensive phone and Expensive Accessories
0	Expensive sound and Expensive Accessories
1	Great zoom, Great inside and outdoors.
1	Great zoom, enceinte inside and outdoors.
0	Lousy phone! Bad speakers, poor functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! Avoid this phone.
0	Lousy phone! Bad speakers, poor functionality, not intuitive, dust, JUNK, JUNK! obviate this phone.
0	only stores 8 pictures at a time, extremely poor photo quality, everything is washed in blue, all photos have &amp;quot;fish bowl&amp;quot; effect
0	only stores eight visualize at a sentence, extremely poor photo choice, everything is washed in gloomy, all photos have &amp;quot;fish bowl&amp;quot; effect
1	great device
1	great twist
1	Compact, Lightweight, Takes great photos in daylight
1	Compact, Lightweight, deal great photos in daylight
0	poor, poor reliability
0	misfortunate, poor reliability
1	Excellent for   prints up to 11x17 or larger
1	Excellent for   prints up to 11x17 or heavy
0	Battery Life, Tends to blur moving subjects
0	Battery spirit, Tends to blur moving subjects
0	Doesn't come with a carrying case
0	Doesn't come with a gestate case
0	none that I can think of
0	none that I can believe of
0	Driver reinstallation, Cartridge swapping, 8 1/2" paper limit
0	Driver reinstallation, Cartridge swapping, 8 1/2" paper define
1	attaches to most Perego strollers, 5-point harness, nice upholstery, light-weight
1	attaches to most Perego pushchair, 5-point harness, skillful upholstery, light-weight
1	Good features - nice design - sharp images
1	Good features - nice design - sharp ikon
0	bulky, slow shutter response, questionable quality
0	bulky, decelerate shutter response, questionable quality
1	Size, Size, Size.  2.1 megapixels is all you need!!!
1	Size, Size, Size.  2.ane megapixels is all you pauperism!!!
0	Fiddly menu system to weed through (as is true of all digital cameras).  Battery life.
0	Fiddly menu system to sess through (as is admittedly of all digital cameras).  bombardment life.
0	soo new that apps. and accessories are rare.
0	soo new that apps. and accoutrement are rare.
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	Looks and feels brassy, talk time less than prognosticate, battery meter is deceptive
1	Overall Good Camera for the $$
1	Overall proficient Camera for the $$
1	The case and keyboard layout are beautiful.
1	The showcase and keyboard layout are beautiful.
0	No viewfinder, but the large led does well.
0	No viewfinder, but the magnanimous led does well.
0	Viewfinder is a little small for my liking, flash requires some practice
0	Viewfinder is a piddling small for my liking, flash necessitate some practice
0	Expensive ink cartridges.
0	expensive ink cartridges.
1	Quiet, great photos, fast, good software driver, excellent HP support
1	Quiet, expectant photos, fast, proficient software driver, excellent HP support
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
1	Excellent Quality when it operate and many features, Great movie and voice clarity
0	none that I can see
0	none that I can catch
1	3 minutes movie rocks! Nice surprize. 
1	III minutes movie rocks! Nice surprize. 
1	great size, speakerphone, silver look, color screen
1	great size, speakerphone, silver calculate, color screen
0	There are digital cameras for snapshot use that are newer, and more advanced yet still cost wise for the picture taker.
0	There are digital cameras for shot apply that are unexampled, and more advanced yet still cost wise for the ikon taker.
0	poor reception in certain areas, phone freezes up
0	poor reception in certain areas, phone freeze up
1	Cheap, durable
1	tatty, durable
1	ac battery charger included, easy uploads w/pc card adapter,fits in pocket
1	ac battery charger included, well-heeled uploads double-u/pc card adapter,fits in pocket
0	Lack of Business Like Ring Tones
0	Lack of Business Like ringing Tones
0	metal casing easily scratched, can't lock the mode sellector.
0	metal casing easily expunge, can't lock the mode sellector.
0	No flip top
0	No riffle top
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of utilize...
0	Noisy, Changing Cartridges a Hassle, Print speed somewhat slow
0	Noisy, Changing Cartridges a Hassle, Print speed somewhat slowly
1	good price performance ratio, small and light
1	good price performance ratio, small and idle
0	Availability of accessories is limited, no resetable minute counter
0	Availability of accoutrement is limited, no resetable minute counter
1	Floppy disk, good colour
1	Floppy disk, good colorise
0	Not to comfortable when used up to the ear.
0	Not to comfortable when habituate up to the ear.
1	voice command, speakerphone, customized home page
1	voice command, speakerphone, customized home paginate
0	uses batteries quickly
0	America batteries quickly
1	Inordinate sound effects in office.  Printed daylight hours so everyone could sleep.
1	Inordinate wakeless gist in office.  Printed daylight hours so everyone could sleep.
0	not many. rechargeable battery highly recommended.
0	not many. rechargeable battery extremely recommended.
1	Crisp shots, good zoom capabilites
1	Crisp shots, salutary zoom capabilites
1	Style, Features, Size, Signal/Reception
1	Style, Features, Size, Signal/response
0	No auto-focus, no zoom, only 3 focus settings, sucks up batteries.
0	No auto-focus, no zoom, only 3 focus scene, blow up batteries.
1	This printer is a great starter printer.
1	This printer is a groovy starter printer.
1	high picture quality, protected lens (barrel and cover)
1	high photo quality, protected lens (barrel and cover)
0	nothing
0	nix
0	2X printing could be a little faster, but not too shabby for a first!
0	2X printing could be a niggling faster, but not too shabby for a offset!
1	Sleek, lightweight, great big screen.
1	Sleek, lightweight, great great screen.
0	battery life
0	battery spirit
0	expensive ink, no *nix support, crappy paper handling, USB-only
0	expensive ink, no *nix keep, crappy paper handling, USB-only
1	Great durability, good features for the price
1	Great durability, commodity features for the price
0	deceptive advertising, hair trigger, faulty port
0	misleading advertising, hair trigger, faulty port
0	Cost
0	be
0	weak flash, weak macro &amp; price
0	weakly flash, weak macro &amp; price
0	Sometimes fuzzy pictures.  Not the greatest flash
0	Sometimes fuzzy pictures.  not the greatest flash
0	None I can think of
0	none I can think of
1	Flat, long battery life and a few cool features
1	flat, long battery life and a few cool features
1	Cheap! Fast. Excellent photo quality. Very easy to operate. Good menu system. 
1	Cheap! fasting. Excellent photo choice. Very easy to operate. Good menu system. 
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Easy to use, can change the colors on the face and download tones
1	Easy to use, can modification the colors on the face and download flavour
0	Ringtone ramp time, lack of 'officially supported' sync software
0	Ringtone ramp time, want of 'officially supported' sync software
0	Short battery life, slow transfer rate, EXPENSIVE peripherals/add-ons
0	Short battery life, slow transfer rate, expensive peripherals/add-ons
1	Has all the bells and whistles, outstanding print quality
1	Has all the bells and whistles, outstanding print timbre
0	Cheap
0	cheesy
1	Excellent photo print quality. High resolution scanner. Quick scanning of fax documents.
1	Excellent photo print quality. High resolution scanner. speedy skim of fax documents.
1	Cheap, has timer, nice case
1	Cheap, has timer, gracious case
0	Display won't turn off in "IMAGE" mode.
0	Display won't turn off in "epitome" mode.
1	Great pictures, portable
1	Great see, portable
0	No OEM installed hands-free accessory.
0	No OEM installed hands-free appurtenant.
1	Little lag time between shots, good battery life
1	Little lag time between shots, honest battery life
0	haven't found any yet!
0	haven't found any withal!
0	Can't figure out how to log out and in on web sites once logged in once!
0	Can't digit out how to log out and in on web place once lumber in once!
0	paper jams in some printers-not mine-rare
0	paper mess in some printers-not mine-rare
0	Eats battery, slow in all aspects, 72dpi JPEG, plastic casing
0	Eats battery, irksome in all aspects, 72dpi JPEG, plastic shell
1	True photo quality, quiet operation
1	True photo quality, quietly operation
1	Great features, nice screen, good camera and video.
1	Great features, nice sieve, good camera and video.
1	Inexpensive printer
1	inexpensive printer
1	relatively inexpensive;, quality pictures;, small;, easy to use
1	relatively inexpensive;, quality pictures;, small;, sluttish to use
0	Expensive cartridges; extremely noisy; jams.
0	Expensive cartridges; extremely noisy; obturate.
0	Weak antenna.
0	infirm antenna.
1	Size, Sound, Internet Ready, Signal Strength
1	Size, Sound, net Ready, Signal Strength
0	Battery life, holster
0	shelling life, holster
1	Great camera at a great price - crystal clear stills and movies with audio.
1	Great camera at a dandy terms - crystal clear stills and movies with audio.
0	The software drivers are frustrating, only comes with 8mb of memory.
0	The software drivers are dun, only hail with 8mb of memory.
1	Small, great Pictures, 3x zoom, Movies and Audio.
1	pocket-sized, great Pictures, 3x zoom, Movies and Audio.
0	no case or a/c adapters included, software a little basic
0	no case or a/c adaptor included, software a little BASIC
1	Quality is awesome, speed is excellent, LCD screen is great....
1	calibre is awesome, speed is excellent, LCD screen is gravid....
1	technically, a free phone
1	technically, a loose phone
1	Great pictures, fast, features to allow tons of creativity that only an SLR can provide.
1	neat icon, fast, have to allow tons of creativity that only an SLR can provide.
0	battery life, optical zoom, software is lacking
0	battery life, optical zoom, software is missing
0	not as long standby as 5120..little more complex to use
0	not as long standby as 5120..piffling more complex to habituate
1	MP3, Radio, Accessories, QWERTY keyboard, no antenna
1	MP3, Radio, accessary, QWERTY keyboard, no antenna
0	A little slow recording to the floppy (but hey, it's a floppy)
0	A small dull recording to the floppy (but hey, it's a floppy)
0	Just about everything
0	exactly about everything
0	the big wheels make it bulky
0	the big wheels fix it bulky
0	Lasted one cyle of batteries and died
0	Lasted one cyle of batteries and expire
1	Inexpensive, great quality, doesn't guzzle ink
1	Inexpensive, big quality, doesn't guzzle ink
1	Free, durable, customizable, good battery life, AIM, voice dialing, and easy navigation.
1	spare, durable, customizable, good battery life, purpose, voice dialing, and easy navigation.
0	Kind of big.
0	Kind of grown.
1	Sexy, easy to carry in pockets, aluminum casing
1	Sexy, well-to-do to carry in pockets, aluminum casing
1	very light weight
1	very sluttish weight
0	Color printing is slow
0	emblazon printing is slow
1	Set's up easily, Looks OK - that's it.
1	Set's up easily, appear OK - that's it.
1	Incredibly small, nice featured
1	Incredibly small-scale, nice featured
0	no zoom, poor quality with flash
0	no zoom, poor quality with gaudy
0	CD format is not compatible with all CD-ROM drives
0	candela format is not compatible with all CD-ROM drives
1	5.24 MegaPixel, Carl Zeiss optics, multiple shutter speeds, the ability to take mpeg movie clips.
1	v.24 MegaPixel, Carl Zeiss optics, multiple shutter race, the ability to proceeds mpeg movie clips.
1	Great screen and features
1	swell screen and features
0	None yet.
0	None withal.
0	battery life, software glitches, poor phone mechanics, pricey
0	battery life, software glitches, poor phone mechanics, pricy
0	Unreliable, buggy software, poorly designed camera
0	Unreliable, buggy software, sickly designed camera
1	slider design, customizable, easy-to-use software, radio feature, external memory
1	slipper design, customizable, easy-to-use software, radio feature, external memory
1	Lightweight, nice design, clear display
1	jackanapes, nice design, clear display
0	Didn't come with a cord or black ink. 
0	Didn't come with a cord or ignominious ink. 
1	Takes great pictures in four resolutions
1	involve great pictures in four resolutions
1	very small and stealthy
1	very minor and stealthy
1	Size, easy to use, many features
1	Size, tardily to use, many features
1	Great bargain; acceptable speed and print quality; mechanically reliable
1	bully bargain; acceptable speed and print quality; mechanically reliable
0	Too few to mention... :-).  None.
0	also few to mention... :-).  None.
0	Charge time for Batteries, small 16mb disk.
0	thrill time for Batteries, small 16mb disk.
0	remember it's lightweight
0	remember it's whippersnapper
0	Will not work with Windows XP
0	Will not forge with Windows XP
1	Outstanding Picture Quality even in low light, Fast picture transfers using usb cable, 
1	Outstanding Picture Quality even in low wakeful, Fast depict transfers using usb cable, 
1	Compact, works in flip mode.
1	Compact, wreak in flip mode.
1	Folding lens avoids scratching.  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
1	Folding lens avoids scratching.  well-heeled and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
0	Slow color printer, expensive ink refills
0	retard color printer, expensive ink refills
0	Be careful with the mode selector. LCD is sharp, but small.
0	Be careful with the style selector. LCD is sharp, but modest.
1	Great size. Wonderful pictures
1	cracking size. Wonderful pictures
0	None yet...
0	None nonetheless...
0	Picture's for email and internet were VERY POOR.
0	Picture's for e-mail and internet were VERY POOR.
0	None, well maybe the cost!
0	none, well maybe the cost!
0	No flip front option
0	No somersaulting front option
0	HAVE TO PAY FOR GAMES
0	stimulate TO PAY FOR GAMES
0	need a high quality printer, distance pictures tend to be fuzzy
0	need a high quality printer, length pic tend to be fuzzy
0	Single copies take forever, set-up software does not complete its job, cannot copy legal sized paper.
0	Single copies assume everlastingly, set-up software does not stark its job, cannot copy legal sized paper.
1	GREAT signal reception, small & sleek, cool polyphonic ringtones, simple to use
1	GREAT bespeak reception, small & sleek, nerveless polyphonic ringtones, simple to use
0	only enough memory for 30 - 35 pictures at a time
0	only enough retention for 30 - 35 characterisation at a time
1	User documentation, durability
1	User documentation, lastingness
0	Scratched the gloss off the photo paper
0	expunge the gloss off the photo paper
1	Looks nice, sounds nice, is nice
1	Looks nice, sounds skillful, is nice
1	durable, space saving compressed mode, WinXP supported
1	durable, space saving compressed mode, WinXP support
0	Like all printers, expensive cartridges. Needs bigger paper tray to hold more paper.
0	Like all printers, expensive cartridges. needs bigger paper tray to oblige more paper.
0	Prints too slow
0	Prints too retard
0	Occasional Delay in recieving IM Messages, No Camera, "Large" for some, GPRS not EDGE.
0	Occasional check in recieving IM Messages, No Camera, "vauntingly" for some, GPRS not EDGE.
0	Options are $$$$$$$
0	alternative are $$$$$$$
1	Easy to use, quality pictures for a small and compact camera.
1	Easy to use, quality pic for a small and summary camera.
0	If Only It Werent AT&T
0	If Only It Werent astatine&T
0	none
0	none
1	Great Pictures, Great Features, Extremely Versatile
1	gravid Pictures, Great Features, Extremely Versatile
0	Gulps ink (pricey cartridges), somewhat sloppy ink distribution in color print function
0	Gulps ink (pricey cartridges), somewhat muddy ink distribution in color print role
1	Rugged
1	furrowed
0	software, speaker, production quality overall.
0	software, utterer, production quality overall.
1	Ease of use, low maintance, highly reliable
1	Ease of use, scurvy maintance, highly reliable
0	ink cartridge runs out very quickly
0	ink cartridge lam out very quickly
1	2400x1200 Photo prints on photo paper, multi-function use
1	2400x1200 photograph prints on photo paper, multi-function use
0	maybe a little thick, but still a trim package
0	maybe a little thick, but allay a trim package
1	Excellent pictures, great price.  Best value for the money.
1	Excellent project, great price.  Best value for the money.
1	Excellent quality, quiet, fast.
1	Excellent quality, repose, fast.
0	why buy when the 1100 and 4050 are available?
0	why purchase when the 1100 and 4050 are available?
0	LCD display sometimes too washed out; sometimes makes it hard to judge how exposed your photo will be
0	LCD display sometimes too washed out; sometimes shit it heavy to justice how exposed your photo will be
1	Price, Quality, Reliability
1	Price, prime, Reliability
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
0	fussy dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could principal to very embarassing consequence, no sent to VM.
1	USB compatible.  Excellent, studio-quality pictures
1	USB compatible.  Excellent, studio-quality image
0	Durability of Product,
0	Durability of production,
1	Very easy to use!
1	Very easy to enjoyment!
0	Initializing sometimes is a pain
0	Initializing sometimes is a botheration
0	Bulky, hard to carry around
0	Bulky, firmly to carry around
0	Priced a bit high, but rebates make it well worth it
0	Priced a prick high, but rebates cause it well worth it
0	Price, not easy to steer one handed.
0	Price, not comfortable to steer one handed.
0	None
0	none
0	Would have been nice to have a floppy adapter or USB connectivity.
0	Would have been Nice to have a floppy arranger or USB connectivity.
0	Sound quality, No Caller Groups, T9 text entry is bothersome,
0	Sound character, No Caller Groups, T9 text entryway is bothersome,
0	expensive but worth it
0	expensive but deserving it
0	The battery life is lacking, no other real problems
0	The battery life-time is lacking, no other real problems
1	excellent pictures when it works properly
1	excellent pic when it works properly
1	Good clear photos, easy installation and use with included software. 
1	Good clear photos, slow installation and enjoyment with included software. 
1	Display, looks, battery life
1	Display, looks, battery liveliness
1	Excellent output, silent, fast, cheap, small
1	Excellent output, silent, fast, crummy, small
1	none
1	none
1	Size, Features, Great Image Quality, Sony Brand
1	Size, Features, Great Image character, Sony Brand
0	Nothing out of the ordinary
0	cypher out of the ordinary
1	Infra-red, easy menus, batter-life, games
1	Infra-red, easy card, batter-life, games
0	Wee bit pricey for slightly less than perfect color output, doesn't include USB cable.
0	Wee snatch pricey for slightly less than perfect color output, doesn't include USB wire.
0	hangs up when printing on the internet...not consistently..
0	bent up when printing on the internet...not consistently..
1	Uses 1.44MB Discs, Easy of Use
1	Uses 1.44MB Discs, Easy of utilize
0	No storage.
0	No store.
1	3/5 inch floppy
1	3/5 edge floppy
1	Small, lightweight, features
1	minuscule, lightweight, features
0	none
0	none
1	Everything!
1	Everything!
0	Dull color on plain paper (Use Bright White instead)
0	benumb color on plain paper (Use Bright White instead)
1	Great quality photos... standard upgradeable smartmedia card memory...
1	Great quality photos... standard upgradeable smartmedia placard memory...
0	Doesn't work
0	Doesn't knead
1	Easy to hook up
1	Easy to snitch up
1	Fairly good color printing, multi-function useful
1	reasonably good color printing, multi-function useful
1	Small, compact, great screen
1	Small, stocky, great screen
1	2 Megapixel
1	ii Megapixel
0	Doesn't have all of the trendy bells and whistles like polyphonic ringtones.
0	Doesn't have all of the voguish doorbell and whistles like polyphonic ringtones.
0	games tend to eat up battery life.
0	games tend to eat up bombardment life.
1	Floppy disc medium, three flash settings, bright/dim on viewing panel, rugged
1	Floppy disc medium, three flash scope, brightly/dim on viewing panel, rugged
1	Cheap, Easy to use.
1	Cheap, well-situated to use.
0	Ink runs out quickly
0	Ink tend out quickly
1	Lightweight, huge array of features
1	jackanapes, huge array of features
1	Polyphonic ring tones, loads of talk time, way better than Motorola c331
1	Polyphonic ring feeling, loads of talk time, room better than Motorola c331
1	Color screen, polyphonic ringer, camera attachment
1	colouring screen, polyphonic ringer, camera attachment
0	Takes a little time to get used to
0	Takes a little time to amaze used to
0	Everything else, comes with nothing...
0	Everything else, comes with cipher...
1	Long Battery Life, Nice Size, Great Design, Walke Talkie, Most Normal Features, Cheap
1	Long Battery Life, Nice Size, great Design, Walke Talkie, Most Normal Features, trashy
0	Scarce, hard to get.
0	Scarce, firmly to get.
0	Ringer, message alerts, interface, text entry need refinement.  Expensive accessories.
0	Ringer, message alerts, interface, text debut need refinement.  Expensive accessory.
1	sturdy, separate ink, photo quality, multi-connect
1	sturdy, offprint ink, photo quality, multi-connect
1	Size
1	sizing
1	Great image quality, LCD screen, White Balance
1	Great image quality, LCD screen, White proportion
1	Lightweight, attractive, protected lens, internal memory, great zoom, expansion slot.
1	Lightweight, attractive, protected lens, internal storage, great zoom, elaboration slot.
1	Very Good at close up Photography.
1	Very Good at confining up Photography.
0	Expensive
0	expensive
1	Good price, Good quality, Dual Ink Cartridges
1	well price, Good quality, Dual Ink Cartridges
0	Too slow to focus, no sound on MPEG, too small, clumsy controls, poor battery life.
0	Too slow to focus, no sound on MPEG, too modest, clumsy mastery, poor barrage life.
1	easy to learn, uses floppy,play back,good for e-mail
1	loose to check, uses floppy,play back,good for e-mail
0	toner consumption
0	toner uptake
1	Excellent quality prints
1	Excellent timber prints
0	Bad reception (?), slow response, long "boot up", camera not built-in
0	Bad reception (?), dense response, yearn "boot up", camera not built-in
0	Unable to download ringers or games.  Moderately high price.
0	Unable to download ringers or games.  Moderately gamey price.
1	small, calm blue backlight, excellent games.
1	small, calm blue-blooded backlight, excellent games.
1	Price, ease of use, design
1	Price, easiness of use, design
0	Could print more pages per minute
0	Could print more pages per moment
0	A little too small for a big man's hands, No sound recording.
0	A fiddling too small for a big man's hands, No sound commemorate.
0	no basket
0	no handbasket
1	Picture quality is A+
1	Picture quality is a+
1	great image quality, easy to navigate controls, very robust
1	great image quality, easy to sail controls, very robust
0	Doesn't take photos well at night.
0	Doesn't take photos advantageously at night.
0	None.
0	none.
0	Flimsy paper tray
0	onionskin paper tray
1	Resolution, zoom lens, memory cards
1	answer, zoom lens, memory cards
0	ink cost
0	ink be
0	Movie has no sound.
0	Movie has no reasoned.
0	Has difficulty with wite-out.
0	throw difficulty with wite-out.
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
1	entirely customizable, huge display for a pass, easy usage, features galore
0	Not completely intuitive menu, no manual white balance
0	Not altogether intuitive menu, no manual white balance
0	Print problems, slow like mud
0	Print problems, slow corresponding mud
1	Picture quality is good.  Size is fine.   
1	Picture quality is upright.  Size is fine.   
1	Small, looks good
1	Small, looks full
1	Cheap, Fast Printing, Cheap Maintenance, fast USB!
1	Cheap, Fast Printing, brassy Maintenance, fast USB!
0	annoying blank feeds, jams on cheap paper
0	annoying vacuous feeds, jams on cheap paper
0	Lots.  Read review.
0	Lots.  study review.
1	Easy to use menus and navigation,  gorgeous backlighting !!
1	Easy to use card and navigation,  gorgeous backlighting !!
0	expensive for a 2 megapixel camera, no carrying case included, small compactflash included
0	expensive for a 2 megapixel camera, no carrying shell included, little compactflash included
0	Cheaply build, a little noisy, not fast, but what do you expect?
0	Cheaply form, a little noisy, not fast, but what do you carry?
0	None so far
0	None so Interahamwe
0	None
0	none
0	Some ergonomic problems
0	Some ergonomic job
0	no light to tell if it's on or not!
0	no sluttish to tell if it's on or not!
1	Size, battery life, software
1	size, battery life, software
0	May cost a littl bit of money, or be hard to use at first.
0	May cost a littl bit of money, or be punishing to use at foremost.
1	Large wheels, convenience
1	enceinte wheels, convenience
1	Compact, excellent quality print, well-built
1	thick, excellent quality print, well-built
0	annoying Mac software, networkability
0	vexation Mac software, networkability
0	DIFFICULTY IN PROGRAMMABLE MODE, LIFE OF BATTERIES
0	difficulty IN PROGRAMMABLE MODE, LIFE OF BATTERIES
0	none yet
0	none notwithstanding
0	a little noisy, the ink drains a little quickly
0	a trivial noisy, the ink drains a little quickly
0	kinda expensive and the annoyance of purchasing talk time
0	kinda expensive and the annoyance of purchasing tattle time
1	Performance, Ease of use, Memory storage
1	Performance, Ease of use, Memory reposition
1	easy to use, light weight, durable, quality pictures
1	easy to use, illumine weight, durable, quality pictures
1	Compact, stylish, good buttons, great screen clarity, external window
1	Compact, stylish, good buttons, great test clarity, external window
1	very easy assembly, accepts most infant car seats, stylish
1	very easy assembly, accepts most infant car posterior, stylish
0	not quite the pro camera
0	not quite the professional camera
0	Picture quality isn't great
0	Picture quality isn't enceinte
0	Nothing
0	cypher
1	2.1 mega pixels,1600x1200 resolution,400mm lens
1	2.unity mega pixels,1600x1200 resolution,400mm lens
0	A bit bulky, trouble w/ Email, time-sync doesn't work, can't upload addresses
0	A bit bulky, trouble w/ Email, time-sync doesn't function, can't upload handle
1	Very vivid LCD Display.  Excellent Quality Pictures
1	Very bright LCD Display.  Excellent Quality Pictures
0	None
0	none
1	integrated camera; solid speakerphone; 65,000-color internal display; Bluetooth; works with PC and Mac.
1	integrated camera; solid speakerphone; 65,000-color inner display; Bluetooth; process with PC and Mac.
1	good unit
1	soundly unit
0	Reception not that great&#13;&#10;voice quality sometimes fuzzy&#13;&#10;no WAP (wireless internet)&#13;&#10;could be smaller
0	Reception not that great&#13;&#10;voice quality sometimes fuzzy&#XIII;&#10;no WAP (wireless internet)&#XIII;&#decade;could be humble
1	Styling, Battery Life, Features, Price
1	Styling, battery Life, Features, Price
0	What I paid
0	What iodine paid
1	Small, Lightweight, external caller id box
1	diminished, Lightweight, external caller id box
0	Reception, Dropped calls, Vibrate too soft,(can't feel in pocket)
0	Reception, swing telephone, Vibrate too soft,(can't feel in pocket)
0	cost of ink cartridges
0	be of ink cartridges
1	Cheap
1	gimcrack
0	no E-911 support, so Verizon refuses to activate them now; no loadable ringtones
0	no E-911 defend, so Verizon garbage to activate them now; no loadable ringtones
0	not the best digital camera available if your a professional.
0	not the dear digital camera uncommitted if your a professional.
0	Very, Very slow
0	Very, Very wearisome
1	Good battery life, easy to use, nice keypad.
1	skilful battery life, easy to use, nice keypad.
1	Functionality (scan,copy, print), performance, build quality, keypad convenience
1	Functionality (scan,copy, print), operation, build quality, keypad convenience
1	compact, not too small, affordable, durable
1	covenant, not too small, affordable, durable
0	Sync software needs work, no belt clip, complex, expensive
0	Sync software needs go, no belt clip, complex, expensive
1	Sleek look, buttons easy to press
1	Sleek look, buttons easy to compact
1	Good print quality
1	right print quality
0	Poor reception, poor body casing durability
0	Poor reception, pitiable body casing durability
1	Easy to use. Software is simple, uncomplicated
1	promiscuous to use. Software is simple, uncomplicated
0	Lens has not cover, has problem with lint on lens.
0	Lens has not top, has problem with lint on lense.
1	floppy drive
1	floppy cause
1	Compact, Trendy, Functional
1	compress, Trendy, Functional
1	PostScript Level 2 emulation, speed, compatibility, print quality
1	PostScript charge 2 emulation, speed, compatibility, print quality
1	Easy to use and durable
1	gentle to use and durable
0	can't find one at this time
0	can't retrieve one at this time
0	Ink cartridges are expensive.
0	Ink magazine are expensive.
1	great photo quality, easy for beginners
1	great photo quality, well-situated for beginners
1	Reliable, great quality output
1	Reliable, capital quality output
1	Small, voice activated dialing, voice memos, looks good, features, battery life
1	Small, representative activated dialing, voice memos, appear good, features, battery life
1	It's cheap.  It's simple to use.  Performance/Price ratio is, in the end, high.
1	It's cheap.  It's simple to use.  Performance/terms ratio is, in the end, heights.
0	None
0	none
0	zoom, sm card, 
0	zoom, sm add-in, 
1	Robust Machine Performs Flawlessly
1	Robust machine Performs Flawlessly
1	floppy disk picture storage, easy to use, no cables/downloads
1	floppy disk picture storage, gentle to use, no cables/download
0	No USB or Optical Zoom
0	No USB or Optical surge
0	can't use earphone functionality to fullest extent
0	can't utilisation earphone functionality to fullest extent
0	Takes a long time to process print
0	read a long time to process print
0	Poor quality - printouts have stripes etc., difficult set up, expensive ink
0	Poor quality - printouts have deprive etc., difficult fix up, expensive ink
0	low paper capacity, poor print quality, washed out colors, some frustrating idiosyncrasies
0	Low paper capacity, poor print quality, washed out colors, some crucify idiosyncrasies
1	Lightweight and perfectly simple to collapse for storage.
1	whippersnapper and perfectly simple to collapse for storage.
0	having to leave it on continuously, slow printing
0	having to leave it on continuously, deadening printing
0	Water based inks?
0	piddle based inks?
1	Excellent print quality for an ink jet. fairly compact with a fold-up paper tray.
1	Excellent print quality for an ink sooty. fairly concordat with a fold-up paper tray.
1	Lightweight, durable
1	lightweight, durable
1	Small size, good battery life, takes video clips
1	Small size, good battery life, carry video clips
0	hard to perfect, eats batteries
0	gruelling to perfect, eats batteries
1	cheap, functions good
1	cheap, part good
0	May have unstable photo quality after time
0	May have unsound photo quality after time
0	none at this time
0	none at this sentence
0	Heavy,and hard to turn.
0	Heavy,and hard to ferment.
1	Great price and features
1	neat price and features
0	Some barrel distortion in images; lacks an auto focus illuminator; no sound capture
0	Some barrel distortion in images; lacks an auto focalise illuminator; no intelligent capture
1	fast for price, 1200 x 1200, cheap, nice design, doesn't jam, easy to set up.
1	dissipated for price, 1200 10 1200, cheap, nice design, doesn't impede, easy to set up.
1	Easy to use, incredible macro, built in lens cover
1	Easy to use, incredible macro, built in lens handle
0	Software is a bit difficult to install, cannot use on Mac
0	Software is a bit hard to establish, cannot use on Mac
0	Defective casings, horrible ring tones, buggy interface, functional nightmare, useless documentation.
0	Defective casings, horrifying skirt tones, buggy interface, functional nightmare, useless documentation.
0	no lens cover, have to buy lots of accessories to get up to speed
0	no lens traverse, have to buy heaps of accessories to get up to speed
0	low quality pictures, drains batteries
0	low prime pictures, drains batteries
0	Little ringers to choose from. Cannot turn on speaker phone until other party picks up.
0	Little ringers to choose from. Cannot work on speaker headphone until other party clean up.
1	Fast
1	debauched
1	easy to use,small,excellent pictures
1	easy to use,small,excellent render
1	Great photos! Easy,Easy,Easy to use!
1	Great photos! Easy,well-to-do,Easy to use!
0	Bright flash, not a lot of memory and short battery.
0	Bright instant, not a Lot of memory and short battery.
1	Keeps track of units , worldwide time, airtime and regular time
1	Keeps lead of units , world time, airtime and regular time
0	no cons what so ever
0	no short-change what so ever
0	Adequate Resolution, LCD-only Viewfinder
0	Adequate resoluteness, LCD-only Viewfinder
1	Light weight, intuitive, attractive, affordable
1	brightness weight, intuitive, attractive, affordable
0	Several design flaws; horrible product support
0	Several design flaws; horrible product supporting
0	Only sometimes your  finger gets in the way and the battery could last a bit longer
0	Only sometimes your  digit amaze in the way and the battery could last a fleck longer
1	Very easy to use, great resolution, pretty quick.
1	Very easy to utilize, great resolution, pretty quick.
0	You have shut off the camera in order to view and or delete photos.
0	You have closed off the camera in order to persuasion and or delete photos.
1	lightweight, assembly, back support
1	lightweight, assembly, hinder support
0	Fixed ISO setting, Horrible movies
0	frozen ISO setting, Horrible movies
1	Fax works great.
1	Fax go great.
1	Versatility, small package, picture quality
1	Versatility, little package, picture quality
1	The best picture quality I've seen the cameras in that price range!
1	The honorable picture quality I've seen the cameras in that price rank!
1	Good Camera, Flash, Screen on the exterior of phone
1	serious Camera, Flash, Screen on the exterior of phone
1	voice quality, voice dialing, color screen, interface, size
1	voice quality, voice dialing, tinge screen, interface, size
0	Must Use HP's 4x6 Photo Paper to get Full 4x6 Print!  Print Cartridges Not Cheap!
0	Must manipulation HP's 4x6 Photo Paper to go Full 4x6 Print!  Print Cartridges Not trashy!
0	none its very reliable
0	none its very honest
0	Digital Cameras are still not very Rugged. Take Care
0	Digital Cameras are tranquillize not very Rugged. Take Care
1	Compact, high resolution (4.1MP   Zeiss lens), excellent battery life, good LSD, generally user friendly
1	Compact, gamey closure (4.1MP   Zeiss lens), excellent battery life, undecomposed LSD, generally user friendly
0	Slow spool-up time (not an issue for me), Somewhat noisy
0	tardily spool-up time (not an event for me), Somewhat noisy
1	versatility, quality of pictures
1	versatility, quality of flick
0	No optical zoom
0	No optic zoom
0	could use optical zoom
0	could practice optical zoom
0	See Review Above
0	catch Review Above
0	weak included software; not many add-ons
0	feeble included software; not many add-ons
1	Great interface, lots of useful features
1	Great interface, rafts of useful features
1	extremely versatile, best print quality on portable printer market, small and lightweight
1	extremely versatile, secure print quality on portable printer market, pocket-sized and lightweight
0	Reliability
0	reliableness
1	Good reception, bluetooth.
1	honest reception, bluetooth.
1	Price, photo quality, macro mode
1	Price, photo lineament, macro mode
1	Fast, reliable, not too expensive
1	debauched, reliable, not too expensive
1	Reliable over time, good value
1	Reliable over time, good assess
0	buttons and controls are small and hard to read.  Tricky slide and move function not necessary for ease of use.
0	buttons and contain are small and hard to read.  sly slide and motility function not necessary for ease of function.
0	None
0	none
0	not good for color printing
0	not just for color printing
1	Fast draft, very high resolution colour
1	Fast draft, very high resolution semblance
1	Crisp, detailed images. Nice 5x Optical Lens. Comparatively affordable.
1	Crisp, detailed images. Nice 5x Optical lens. Comparatively affordable.
1	Nice looking ornament - look else for service that isn't CINGULAR.
1	courteous depend ornament - look else for service that isn't CINGULAR.
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
0	the keys start to skuff the soundbox, bad design.
1	Size, features, coverage.
1	size, features, coverage.
1	customizable, durable
1	customizable, long-wearing
0	battery hog, flash too bright, it's a given you'll have to buy xtras
0	battery hog, newsflash too bright, it's a hold you'll have to buy xtras
0	not a camera phone
0	not a camera telephone
0	battery meter, buttons, font
0	bombardment meter, buttons, font
0	Shoulder straps can be a little loose on a small baby.
0	Shoulder straps can be a fiddling loose on a small child.
1	High quality printing..Good to have copies of things
1	High quality printing..serious to have copies of things
0	Irritating ringers, menu system a little wierd
0	devil ringers, menu system a little wierd
0	Missing some cool things.
0	lacking some cool things.
0	Hard to get accessories for, could be smaller
0	Hard to get accessory for, could be smaller
1	Easy to use, informative upper LCD display, feels good quality, fair picture quality
1	Easy to use, informative upper LCD display, feels honorable quality, fair show quality
0	No camera case with purchase
0	No camera eccentric with purchase
0	Poopy Poor Reception quality
0	Poopy Poor receipt quality
1	Compact and Sleek,Features
1	thick and Sleek,Features
0	As with any cell phone, service can be expensive.
0	axerophthol with any cell phone, service can be expensive.
1	Small, with clear sound and nice screen.
1	Small, with open sound and nice screen.
0	NONE...it's a SONY digital!
0	none...it's a SONY digital!
1	Excellent photos, ease of use, durable.
1	Excellent photos, ease of role, durable.
0	plastic body, 8 meg media card
0	plastic trunk, 8 meg media card
1	Design
1	plan
1	$7.99/month to keep it activated!
1	$7.99/month to observe it activated!
1	great photo quality in a compact design w/ video capability!
1	bully photo quality in a compact design w/ telecasting capability!
1	If you are getting this phone for free, it will meet your expectations.
1	If you are aim this phone for free, it will match your expectations.
0	Afraid to lose it
0	Afraid to misplace it
0	Have to buy extra memory to get most out of resolution capabilities.
0	Have to buy surplus memory to mystify most out of resolution capabilities.
1	Very compact, nice looks, external display, external LED, lotsa features
1	selfsame compact, nice looks, external display, external go, lotsa features
1	Small, stylish, lightweight, feature-rich
1	minor, stylish, lightweight, feature-rich
1	Nokia menu/functions.
1	Nokia menu/subroutine.
0	Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
0	Easy to recess/ wear charger design, phone freezes and dawdle at times
0	You need more than 8mb of ram
0	You postulate more than 8mb of ram
0	N60 body, ISO 320, no spot meter, Menus and operation are not intuitive.
0	N60 body, ISO 320, no patch meter, Menus and operation are not nonrational.
0	None
0	none
0	Not photo-quality results, no flash/zoom, low capacity
0	Not photo-quality results, no brassy/zoom, low capacity
1	Neat design
1	bang-up design
0	heavy
0	expectant
1	Easy to use.
1	Easy to employ.
0	Inadequate Setup Guide may be difficult for people inexperienced at printer setup.
0	Inadequate Setup point may be difficult for mass inexperienced at printer setup.
0	Software is not compatible with WinXP
0	software is not compatible with WinXP
1	inexpensive, reliable, easy to find and inexpensive cartridges, ink dries fast
1	inexpensive, reliable, promiscuous to chance and inexpensive cartridges, ink dries fast
1	speed, simplicity, quality output
1	speed, simplicity, calibre output
1	High Quality pictures, easy to use software
1	High Quality see, easy to use software
0	Load paper feed
0	debase paper feed
1	Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quality Printing
1	Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quality printing
0	Slow shots and transfer.
0	Slow shots and channelise.
0	When not using flash, shutter speed's too slow.
0	When not using flashbulb, shutter speed's too slow.
0	None that I'm aware of
0	None that I'm cognizant of
1	Great design and really sturdy for being so light.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	gravid design and real sturdy for being so faint.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Can hardly hear on the speakerphone.
0	throne hardly hear on the speakerphone.
1	Excellent print quality
1	Excellent print prize
0	None.
0	none.
0	High battery usage,Keeping readout screen clean
0	High battery use,Keeping readout screen clean
0	Short Battery Life.
0	Short Battery lifespan.
1	Great printer
1	neat printer
0	unreliable company dcprodirect
0	undependable company dcprodirect
1	easy to install cartridges, pretty cheap, pretty good printing quality
1	easy to install cartridges, pretty cheap, pretty well print quality
0	A little slow for high-volume printing.
0	A little obtuse for high-volume printing.
1	Ease of use, standard recording medium, macro and telephoto lens, video.
1	rest of consumption, standard recording medium, macro and telephoto lens, video.
1	Not bad for a cheap inkjet
1	Not spoilt for a cheap inkjet
0	Did not come with an ac adapter
0	act not come with an ac adapter
1	lots of features
1	wad of features
1	Outstanding call quality, Small convenient size, Lots of features
1	Outstanding call quality, Small convenient size, stack of features
1	Large screen, easy text messaging, no dropped calls! Lots of features. Headphones preferred over speakers.
1	great screen, easy text messaging, no flatten calls! Lots of features. Headphones preferred over verbalizer.
1	Voice Dial, Vibration and/or Ring, Web accessibility
1	voice Dial, Vibration and/or Ring, Web accessibility
0	hard to push, turn, small seating, small basket...
0	hard to push, turn, pocket-size seating, small basket...
1	Outstanding Battery Life, So Simple To Use My Dog Could Make Calls!E-Mail In My Palm!
1	spectacular shelling Life, So Simple To usage My Dog Could Make Calls!E-Mail In My Palm!
0	power runs out before pictures do
0	exponent runs out before pictures do
0	Rather large unit
0	Rather prominent unit
1	Lots of features, easy to use, fits comfortably in hand, fast connection
1	oodles of features, easy to use, fits comfortably in hand, fast link
0	Unreliable signal, out of service, cut-off phone calls.
0	Unreliable signal, out of service, cut-off headphone calls.
1	Great price, Great entry level camera, attractive design
1	Great Price, Great entry level camera, attractive design
0	No optical zoom; cannot store images in uncompressed format.
0	No optical zoom; cannot store paradigm in uncompressed format.
0	none
0	none
0	Carrying a lot of floppy discs could get bulky
0	convey a lot of floppy discs could get bulky
1	It's cute, prints great pictures...ink is cheap
1	It's cute, prints great characterisation...ink is cheap
1	EVERYTHING
1	EVERYTHING
1	Takes excellent pictures and uses a disk rather than cables.
1	withdraw excellent envision and uses a disk rather than cables.
1	Outstanding photo quality, quiet, built-in PC card slot
1	Outstanding photo quality, smooth, built-in PC card slot
0	Needed accessories, availability of extras
0	involve accessories, availability of extras
1	Easy to use, not TOO expensive
1	Easy to enjoyment, not TOO expensive
1	Great design, aluminum case, large screen, speaker-phone, MP3 ringtones, standard USB connectivity
1	Great design, aluminum typeface, large screen, speaker-phone, MP3 ringtones, banner USB connectivity
1	easy to use key pad, stylish, colour display, front flap display screen, menu navigation
1	easy to use Key pad, stylish, colour display, front flap presentation screen, menu navigation
1	Easy to use, Idiot proof
1	Easy to use, cretin proof
0	Not durable, lasted less than a year
0	Not durable, lasted less than a yr
0	Features, sound quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, battery life
0	Features, sound character, processor speed, ease-of-use, battery life
0	No zoom and therefore poor for many scenery pictures
0	No zoom and therefore poor for many scenery scene
0	None so far.
0	none so far.
1	Great protected screen, intuitive menus, great composer and games.
1	keen protected screen, intuitive menus, great composer and games.
1	VERY nice color and image quality.
1	VERY nice color and image lineament.
1	good picture quality, easy to use, fits just about anywhere
1	good picture quality, easy to habituate, gibe just about anywhere
0	Cant print at speeds that are said
0	Cant print at speeds that are state
1	Price, ease of use, clarity of print
1	Price, allay of use, clarity of print
1	Good Text, Excellent Color &amp; Builtin Card readers.
1	unspoiled Text, Excellent Color &amp; Builtin Card readers.
0	No USB, weak flash.
0	No USB, weak heartbeat.
0	Difficult to get the best shots, weak (and badly positioned) flash. 
0	Difficult to get the best guessing, weak (and badly positioned) newsflash. 
0	Eats batteries, 16M of memory not enough
0	Eats batteries, 16M of memory not adequate
1	600 dpi in black and white, PhotoREt II color
1	600 dpi in inglorious and white, PhotoREt II color
1	size, cost , utility
1	size, price , utility
0	jams all the time, bad resolution, bad software management
0	jams all the time, big resolution, bad software management
1	Small, inexpensive, very good resolution, excellent battery life
1	Small, inexpensive, very upright resolution, excellent battery life
0	single sheet feeding sometimes a problem
0	single sheet feast sometimes a problem
0	slow to recharge flash, battery life, hard to see LCD outside, turns itself on sometimes
0	decelerate to recharge flash, battery biography, hard to see LCD outside, sprain itself on sometimes
0	Heads clog easily, faulty feed mechanism, poor customer service.
0	Heads clog easily, faulty prey mechanism, poor customer service.
0	Menus are small.
0	Menus are minor.
1	simple, takes clear pictures while moving
1	simple, takes vindicated pictures while moving
0	Prints slowly
0	Prints easy
1	Size and finish are nice.  V Cast. ! Nice displays.  Good camera. VZ Navigator.
1	Size and conclusion are nice.  V Cast. ! gracious displays.  Good camera. VZ Navigator.
1	Mulitfunction-in-one, 6 type Memory Card Reader
1	Mulitfunction-in-one, 6 type Memory Card referee
1	3+ Mega-Pixels and Great performance!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to Use, Easy to maintain.
1	3+ Mega-Pixels and Great execution!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easy to Use, gentle to maintain.
1	as seen on NBC's Las Vegas and Law & Order
1	as control on NBC's Las Vegas and Law & Order
1	Great form factor, tri-mode, easy-to-use menus, plays MP3s, decent photo quality.
1	Great form gene, tri-mode, easy-to-use menus, run MP3s, decent photo quality.
0	Zoom feature
0	surge feature
1	Compact, easy of use, sharp looks, durable
1	Compact, easy of use, acuate looks, durable
1	Uses floppy disks, 14x optical, stabilized zoom lens
1	USA floppy disks, 14x optical, stabilized zoom lens
0	price
0	Price
0	Who wrote that handbook?
0	Who spell that handbook?
0	sometimes inconsistent signal strength
0	sometimes inconsistent signal durability
1	Great quality photos, relatively quiet, fast
1	large quality photos, relatively quiet, fast
0	noisy, slow, and shakes a lot
0	noisy, slow, and shakes a circle
0	Confusing Menus, Not As Feature Rich As Other Models, Not Very User Friendly
0	Confusing Menus, Not As Feature Rich As other example, Not Very User Friendly
0	no games
0	no stake
0	Print quality, paper feeder 
0	Print calibre, paper feeder 
0	poor image quality, no display
0	poor figure quality, no display
1	Cheap! Small in Size!
1	punk! Small in Size!
0	Short Battery Life
0	short-change Battery Life
1	nice looking and pretty easy to use
1	nice looking and pretty slowly to use
0	First Generation Product Still Has Major Flaws
0	First Generation Product Still ingest Major Flaws
1	Inexpensive, good quality print, ease of use
1	Inexpensive, good quality print, allay of use
1	read below
1	say below
0	Nothing to write here.
0	Nothing to indite here.
1	Standby, Bluetooth, GPRS, weight, everything else
1	Standby, Bluetooth, GPRS, burden, everything else
0	Sometimes turns off by itself
0	Sometimes wrench off by itself
0	Shorter seat &amp;amp; canopy than regular umbrella strollers
0	Shorter rear &amp;amp; canopy than regular umbrella strollers
0	Prints slightly skewed, no USB connections, Noise.  Annoying sterile robotic voice  which repeats error and need messages (i.e. out of paper, etc.).
0	Prints slenderly skewed, no USB connections, Noise.  Annoying sterile automatonlike voice  which recur error and involve messages (i.e. out of paper, etc.).
1	Inexpensive, good feature set for price, large storage capability
1	Inexpensive, good feature jell for price, large storage capability
0	Ring tones, ease of use, overheating.
0	Ring tones, ease of purpose, overheating.
0	small memory card and eats through batteries, so you'll want to upgrade to rechargeable batteries and a 32 MB Flash Card.
0	small memory carte and consume through batteries, so you'll want to upgrade to rechargeable batteries and a 32 MB dash card.
1	Great clarity, vivid color, many options
1	great clarity, vivid color, many options
1	Small, lightweight, easy to use, ringtones, AOL instant messenger, blue light
1	belittled, lightweight, easy to use, ringtones, AOL instant messenger, bluish light
1	Removable diskette and quick charge battery
1	Removable diskette and nimble charge battery
1	small, handy, decent quality pics
1	belittled, handy, decent quality pics
1	Cheap, decent photos, easy to use software.
1	Cheap, decent photos, sluttish to use software.
0	needs a better &amp;quot;finished&amp;quot; tray
0	needs a serious &amp;quot;finished&amp;quot; tray
0	uses batteries quickly, not reliable
0	utilization batteries quickly, not reliable
1	Functional, stylish design, easy to use, and easy to read screen
1	Functional, stylish design, easy to use, and easy to show shield
1	Small, Light, All the Features you need and then some
1	Small, brightness, All the Features you motivation and then some
0	the basic kit does not come with a carry case
0	the basic kit does not get with a transport case
1	Easy to use. Good Pictures. Easy to open on computer. Big LCD viewer.
1	Easy to employ. Good Pictures. Easy to undefendable on computer. Big LCD viewer.
1	Cheap, Color Screen
1	chinchy, Color Screen
1	flexibility, easy use
1	flexibility, soft use
0	None
0	none
1	Rides nice, looks nice, infant seat fits in my small back seat
1	Rides nice, looks nice, infant seat correspond in my small back sit
1	Good looks, Lightweight, Joystick, Color screen
1	Good looks, Lightweight, Joystick, tinge screen
0	Small Paper Tray, Only one USB.
0	Small Paper Tray, simply one USB.
1	Simple yet advanced, high quality, many options and features.
1	Simple yet boost, high quality, many options and features.
0	Loves to eat batteries. But then again, what electronic gadget doesn't?
0	Loves to deplete batteries. only then again, what electronic gadget doesn't?
1	Easy to use, nice size camera.
1	Easy to function, nice size camera.
0	none
0	none
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges, Short (90 day) Warranty
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges, abruptly (90 day) Warranty
0	None that I've noticed, but being so thin it must be fragile
0	None that I've mark, but being so slight it must be fragile
1	Great zoom, amazing battery, easy interface, lots of features.
1	Great zoom, amaze battery, easy interface, lots of features.
0	Flimsy Antenna, and a Few Others...
0	slight Antenna, and a Few Others...
0	Battery life, no manual focus.
0	Battery life, no manual nidus.
0	touchy button, no flash
0	touchy button, no ostentation
1	Price and ease of use.
1	Price and ease of manipulation.
1	10x Optical Zoom, Easy to use
1	10x Optical Zoom, comfortable to use
0	heavy, confusing set-up
0	wakeless, confusing set-up
0	the b and w suffers
0	the b and w get
1	Currently available under 200, red-eye reduction, decent capacity.
1	Currently available under 200, red-eye reduction, enough capacity.
1	High Quality Color Prints
1	High Quality coloration Prints
0	Buttons are close together and smallish.
0	Buttons are last together and smallish.
0	dropped calls, bad reception, the screen blanks out and too much more
0	sink phone, bad reception, the screen blanks out and too much more
0	Expensive
0	expensive
1	great size and talk time
1	great size and spill time
1	Amazing quality, CompactFlash and SmartMedia slots, self-alignment periodically, double-sided printer add-on included, IR port, computer not required, 8 Mb, huge resolution, parallel port/USB, 4.7 PPM Black at best quality, 3.1 PPM color at Best quality, t
1	beat quality, CompactFlash and SmartMedia slots, self-alignment periodically, double-sided pressman add-on included, IR port, computer not required, 8 megabyte, huge resolution, parallel port/USB, 4.7 PPM inkiness at safe quality, III.1 PPM color at substantially quality, t
0	RETAIL COST HIGHER
0	RETAIL COST higher
0	alkaline battery powered means less photos before it's out of power
0	alkaline battery powered agency less photos before it's out of tycoon
1	Durable, easily portable, light, clear, nice features, nice phone!
1	Durable, easily portable, light, clear, nice features, prissy phone!
0	Not too many advanced features, no uncrompressed format
0	Not too many advanced sport, no uncrompressed format
0	Gets hot, poor sound quality, even worse speakerphone sound quality, side buttons get pushed
0	find hot, poor sound caliber, even worse speakerphone sound quality, side buttons get pushed
1	Low price. Fast. Quiet. Good quality prints.
1	Low price. Fast. silence. Good quality prints.
0	no battery charger, uses battery power quickly, bright flash with no ability to bounce
0	no shelling charger, uses battery power quickly, bright shoot with no ability to bounce
1	Features galore, nice pictures, long battery life.
1	Features galore, nice pictures, long shelling life.
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry around, good picture quality
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry around, good painting timber
0	marginal image quality; limited storage; inadequate product support
0	marginal image quality; limited storage; inadequate product keep
0	reception could be better, sound quality not as good as nokia
0	reception could be good, audio quality not as good as nokia
0	short battery life, small display
0	short battery aliveness, small display
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	This mold phone from Motorola is not their proficient, drops calls.
1	A Nice phone.....
1	A Nice telephone.....
1	Small Metal body. Low price. Good picture quality.
1	Small Metal body. Low price. Good ikon quality.
0	Printer weighs about 100 lbs and not easy to move
0	Printer weighs about 100 lbs and not slow to go
0	Poor quality pictures, ugly, bulky, not enough features.
0	hapless quality pictures, ugly, bulky, not enough features.
0	No speaker phone, phone book can't be on SIM card, fingerprints show, no send/end buttons
0	No speaker phone, telephone script can't be on SIM card, fingerprints show, no send/goal buttons
1	Small and compact size. Leave lots of room on the desk, when space is minimal.
1	humble and compact sizing. parting lots of room on the desk, when space is minimal.
1	great Nokia UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna
1	great Nokia UI, tiny size, prissy design, internal antenna
0	Speed, ink usage. Must buy usb cable.
0	velocity, ink usage. Must buy usb cable.
0	slow for photos, expensive ink costs, loud
0	wearisome for photos, expensive ink costs, loud
1	Fast and Clear Printing
1	quick and Clear Printing
1	Easy to set up. Excellent copy quality.
1	Easy to fixed up. Excellent copy quality.
1	Small, loud ring, inexpensive for the new user
1	Small, tawdry ring, inexpensive for the new user
1	Size, light weight, quality pictures, picture modes
1	sizing, light weight, quality pictures, picture modes
0	Paper feed problems, flimsy paper tray,design limits printer placement on desk.
0	Paper provender problems, flimsy paper tray,aim limits printer placement on desk.
1	Great price, good speed and picture quality
1	Great price, good speed and visualise quality
0	large size
0	gravid size
1	Small size, great print quality, uses dual cartridges, easy install
1	Small size, great print choice, manipulation dual cartridges, easy install
1	2+ megapixel, Great images, add on lenses, great price
1	2+ megapixel, dandy images, add on lenses, great price
0	paper can have trouble keeping up
0	paper can have cark keeping up
1	PDA and phone integration, color screen
1	PDA and phone integration, color covert
1	Great quality photos, amazing durability, compact, easy to understand, great image options. 
1	Great quality photos, amazing durability, compact, slow to understand, great fancy options. 
0	Envelopes catches against output tray during output
0	Envelopes watch against output tray during output
0	battery life, transfer speed
0	battery animation, transfer speed
1	Great Quality of Photos
1	bully Quality of Photos
0	Cheesy tray, jams sometimes
0	bum tray, jams sometimes
1	Longer-lasting rechargeable battery, video clips and stills, floppy disks usable with many computers
1	Longer-lasting rechargeable battery, telecasting clipping and stills, floppy disks usable with many computers
1	My Canon 600 and 610 were good.
1	My Canon 600 and 610 were undecomposed.
0	Flash is a bit weak.
0	fanfare is a bit weak.
0	read below
0	show below
1	Small, Good quality build, Great CCD !Worth the buy !
1	Small, Good quality habitus, Great CCD !Worth the buy !
1	Quite small and light. Seems well made and certainly feature rich.
1	Quite small and light. Seems well made and certainly sport plentiful.
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, good pictures
1	Easy to manipulation, inexpensive, good pictures
1	Extremely portable, External color LCD light, Good reception, Daily planner
1	Extremely portable, External color LCD igniter, salutary reception, Daily planner
1	Very Affordable , Reliable and Space Saver 
1	very Affordable , Reliable and Space Saver 
1	light, small, good quality, high capacity, compression
1	illumination, small, good quality, high capacity, compression
1	Good Image Quality, Long Battery Life, Great Price
1	sound Image Quality, Long Battery Life, Great Price
1	Durable and capable. Camera, bluetooth, games. Upload or download your own sounds, images and videos.
1	lasting and capable. Camera, bluetooth, games. Upload or download your own sounds, range and picture.
0	Slow
0	ho-hum
0	No good ringtones...
0	No skilful ringtones...
0	Short battery life when used often, conversation delays, connection drops, RF interference with other electronics.
0	curt battery life when used often, conversation delays, connection drop, unnilquadium interference with other electronics.
1	Lightweight,  great pictures
1	Lightweight,  majuscule pictures
1	It was easy to use. The "movie" feature has extended shooting time.
1	It was leisurely to enjoyment. The "movie" feature has extended shooting time.
0	Wish it could take an MPEG longer than 60 seconds.
0	like it could consider an MPEG longer than 60 seconds.
0	Only 2x zoom, does not work with Windows XP.
0	Only 2x zoom, does not operate with Windows XP.
1	FAST, Excellent Color/Black Print Quality.
1	FAST, Excellent Color/Black Print caliber.
0	Difficulty Handling Thicker Stock, Quirky Fax
0	Difficulty Handling Thicker gunstock, Quirky Fax
0	No extras
0	No extra
1	Inexpensive, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, easy to habit
0	Weak vibrating option
0	feeble vibrating option
0	NONE
0	none
0	Sprint PCS system is overloaded
0	sprint PCS system is overloaded
1	There are so many things to say, you will have to read the review!
1	There are so many things to read, you will have to interpret the review!
1	Kodak name
1	Kodak appoint
0	Weighs a lot because of 4 AA batteries
0	Weighs a lot because of IV AA batteries
1	Quality, Speed
1	timber, Speed
1	Great size, very intuitive, good zoom
1	majuscule size, very intuitive, good zoom
1	Great camera for the price!  
1	bang-up camera for the price!  
0	Limited movie capture mode.
0	restrain movie capture mode.
0	goes bad in about 2 years, inkjets clog up and make it worthless
0	die bad in about 2 years, inkjets clog up and prepare it worthless
1	Great quality, ease of use
1	bully quality, ease of use
1	Quality of prints, speed, price, ease of use
1	Quality of prints, speed, price, alleviate of use
0	Grainy shots, poor focusing, poor use of auto-flash features. You get what you pay for.
0	granular shots, hapless focusing, poor use of auto-flash features. You mystify what you pay for.
1	Camera, color display, excellent ring tones.
1	Camera, color display, excellent ring step.
1	This phone will only cost you a penny!
1	This phone will only cost you a centime!
0	Some page curl 
0	Some page ringlet 
1	optical zoom, nice size
1	optical zoom, skillful size
0	Sometimes light spots on photos
0	Sometimes luminousness spots on photos
1	Good looking phone, trimode
1	Good see phone, trimode
0	A bit heavy with the 4 AA batteries loaded.
0	A bit heavy with the 4 AA batteries plastered.
0	couldn't find any
0	couldn't retrieve any
1	cheap, easy to use
1	cheap, soft to use
0	Phone Book, Cumbersome Menus, too thick
0	Phone script, Cumbersome Menus, too thick
1	Dependable, good quality
1	rock-steady, good quality
0	Competition display and features
0	Competition show and features
0	no preview window, no flash
0	no preview window, no tatty
0	Little higher price, and the outer skin is not durable enough.
0	Little gamy price, and the outer struggle is not durable enough.
1	easy setup, crisp text, good graphics, good speed
1	easy setup, crisp text, good graphics, honorable speed
0	price, plan charges, sound quality, antenna
0	price, plan complaint, sound quality, antenna
0	Documentation
0	support
0	None
0	none
0	Text looks kinda fuzzy.
0	Text face kinda fuzzy.
1	Many features, easy to use, excellent photo quality
1	Many features, easy to usance, excellent photo quality
0	16MB memory stick is a little bit small 
0	16MB memory wedge is a little bit small 
0	No alphabetical sorting of phone list, digital only.
0	No alphabetical sorting of phone name, digital only.
0	none
0	none
0	The i1000 model is a little complicated
0	The i1000 manakin is a little complicated
0	CPU hang time on print jobs, still expensive for most casual users
0	CPU hang time on impress jobs, still expensive for most fooling users
1	Quality, Cost, Durability, Size, and Weight
1	Quality, Cost, Durability, Size, and angle
0	Easy to press unwanted buttons while holding camera, limited movie time
0	Easy to pressure unwanted buttons while retention camera, limited movie time
0	poor closeups, loose lens cap
0	poor closeups, loose lens capital
1	Reasonable price, crisp colors, okay speed, very quiet
1	Reasonable Price, crisp colors, okay speed, very quiet
1	looks good, good voice quality, good bluetooth, good camera, nice buttons
1	looks good, good vocalization quality, good bluetooth, salutary camera, nice buttons
1	Size, Picture Quality
1	Size, depiction Quality
1	Beautiful color display, many ringtones, very customizable
1	Beautiful colouring display, many ringtones, very customizable
0	None
0	none
0	you will need extras, and lots of batteris
0	you will need extras, and tons of batteris
0	Does not take add on lenses or filters
0	Does not pack add on lenses or filters
1	Great quality images at an acceptable page/minute speed
1	Great quality simulacrum at an acceptable page/minute speed
0	cost
0	be
0	Horrible black and white printing
0	Horrible shameful and white printing
1	small, batt. life., gizmos......
1	small, batt. life., thingumajig......
0	Grip a little awkward for large hands.
0	Grip a little awkward for orotund hands.
1	Great photos, easy to use, fast and quiet
1	Great photos, easygoing to use, fast and quiet
0	likes to jam paper sometimes, but rare
0	likes to jam paper sometimes, but rarefied
0	Horrible manufacturing defects that prevent phone usage after about 6 months.
0	Horrible manufacturing flaw that prevent phone usage after about six months.
1	Its zoom
1	IT zoom
1	lightweight, easy to use
1	lightweight, sluttish to use
1	low ink usage in draft mode...does not eat up ink cleaning itself
1	low ink usage in outline mode...does not eat up ink cleanup itself
0	Battery life
0	Battery biography
1	It folds in half
1	It flock in half
0	can only scan and photocopy pics and sheets of paper
0	can only scan and photocopy movie and tabloid of paper
1	Looks great, very light weight and stylish. External LCD
1	Looks great, very idle weight and stylish. External LCD
0	technology and media all proprietary, expensive
0	technology and medium all proprietary, expensive
0	Grainy prints of flash or low-light photos.
0	Grainy prints of flash or low-light photograph.
0	Looking a little large and dated
0	Looking a little prominent and dated
0	slow loading,  fast ink consumption
0	slow loading,  riotous ink consumption
1	Very good photo quality, lots of manual/creative control, inexpensive, 3x optical zoom, AA Batteries  , 
1	Very beneficial photo character, mess of manual/creative control, inexpensive, 3x optical zoom, AA Batteries  , 
1	Takes Beautiful Pictures
1	Takes Beautiful flick
1	Size, Infrared Port, T9 predictive text
1	Size, Infrared Port, T9 prognosticative text
1	Small, awesome color, battery life, form, and functionality.
1	Small, awesome color, battery life, shape, and functionality.
0	Poor, Horrible Quality
0	Poor, horrifying Quality
1	Print quality, Speed, Price
1	Print character, Speed, Price
1	It has the feature you would expect.
1	IT has the feature you would expect.
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	bully features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	Bluetooth, good phone performance.
1	Bluetooth, good ring performance.
0	Multi-Segment AF not so great, but center focus is fine.
0	Multi-Segment AF not so keen, but substance focus is fine.
0	Weak battery, bad reception, LCD screen goes bad
0	Weak battery, sorry reception, LCD screen goes bad
0	Heats up after about 15 minutes talk time.
0	warmth up after about 15 minutes talk time.
1	Customer support, value for dollar
1	Customer digest, value for dollar
1	nice the first 3-4 months
1	nice the inaugural 3-4 months
1	Easy to use, lots of features, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;high quality LCD screen. 
1	well-situated to use, caboodle of features, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;high quality LCD screen. 
0	Handle with a little bit of care.
0	Handle with a little bit of upkeep.
1	ease of use, convenience
1	simplicity of use, convenience
1	The best Phone Out there so far!
1	The just Phone Out there so far!
0	Short Battery life, Poor Keypad design causes wrong number punched
0	Short Battery aliveness, Poor Keypad design causes wrong come punched
0	Instructions should be more user friendly. Manual assumes computer skills that a beginner may not have
0	Instructions should be more user friendly. Manual arrogate computer science that a father may not have
0	Expensive, LCD not usable in sunlight
0	Expensive, LCD not usable in sun
0	The camera I have can only be connected to your computer via a serial port, and as I have a serial mouse and a serial modem, I have no spare ports while online, forcing me to disconnect to upload new pictures. :-( [Update: I now have a PS/2 mouse and can p
0	The camera iodin have can only be connected to your computer via a sequent port, and as I have a serial mouse and a serial modem, ane have no supererogatory ports while online, pressure me to disconnect to upload new envision. :-( [update: iodine now have a PS/II sneak and can p
0	Low memory
0	abject memory
1	3.2 MP, Excellent Quality Photos
1	ternary.2 MP, Excellent Quality Photos
1	Great photo resolution, sharp images, good color, easy to use
1	Great photo resolution, sharp images, good distort, well-fixed to use
1	Beautiful Sharp color, and BW.  Fast printing times, and consistent quality.
1	Beautiful Sharp color, and BW.  Fast impression times, and reproducible quality.
1	Size, Ease of Use, Movie Mode, Versatile Features, Photo Stitch Software for Making Panoramas
1	Size, allay of Use, film Mode, Versatile Features, Photo Stitch Software for Making Panoramas
0	Drivers don't work with Windows 2000
0	Drivers don't work with window 2000
1	user friendly, great computer pics, many menu options
1	user friendly, great calculator pics, many menu options
1	Great Size
1	expectant Size
1	Size, Push-To-Talk
1	size, Push-To-Talk
0	No Negative rating
0	No Negative place
1	Excellent color, small and compact, batteries/charger included
1	Excellent color, small and compress, batteries/charger included
0	Photos are mediocre.  Lighting can effect web camera adversely
0	Photos are mediocre.  kindling can effect web camera adversely
0	no duplexer, no infrared, see other cons in cons section
0	no duplexer, no infrared, visit other flimflam in cons section
0	The HP 710 is the founder of the term &amp;#13;&amp;#10;"Looks are deceiving".
0	The HP 710 is the father of the term &A;#13;&amp;#x;"Looks are deceiving".
0	Flimsy, Antenna, Short Battery Life
0	Flimsy, Antenna, Short Battery life
0	Difficult installation, software interface
0	Difficult facility, software interface
1	Light weight.
1	Light burthen.
1	sleek look color printer
1	sleek feeling color printer
0	Known problems with battery life, sometimes bad reception, cheap construction, buttons stick out too far.
0	recognise problems with battery life, sometimes tough reception, cheap construction, release stick out too far.
0	None so far
0	None so FAR
1	Everything including battery life, call clarity, size and weight, and ease of use
1	Everything including battery life, call clearness, size and weight, and ease of usage
0	Cheap body
0	Cheap trunk
1	Small (fits in pocket), stylish, color screen, great reception, a real conversation piece
1	Small (fits in pocket), stylish, color screen, great reception, a actual conversation pick
1	Small without being too small, features, Lithium Battery, internet
1	Small without being too small-scale, features, Lithium Battery, internet
1	takes good pictures
1	takes practiced pictures
0	A little pricy
0	axerophthol little pricy
0	Flash, resolution not cutting edge, included memory is insufficient.
0	Flash, resolution not cutting border, included memory is insufficient.
1	It was free; lots of ring tones; games and other cool features
1	IT was free; mass of ring tones; games and other cool features
0	ring tones,
0	surround tones,
0	Kind of ugly looking
0	Kind of vile looking
1	Great Digital Camera For All
1	smashing Digital Camera For All
0	Expensive Service Plans
0	Expensive service Plans
0	No Bluetooth
0	no Bluetooth
1	easy to follow instructions and clear pictures
1	easy to follow instructions and exculpated pictures
1	Price, image quality, speed, and size
1	Price, image quality, hurry, and size
0	Need More Light
0	Need More lighting
0	small number keys
0	small come keys
1	Easy to use out of the box, Tons of features and settings 
1	Easy to use out of the box, scads of have and settings 
0	no auto-shut off, single feed for envelopes
0	no auto-shut off, single feed for envelope
1	Optical zoom, good battery life, LCD screen
1	Optical soar, good battery life, LCD screen
1	Just about everything except GSM service: price, call quality, battery life, etc.
1	barely about everything except GSM service: price, promise quality, battery life, etc.
1	easy to use, fail-proof, sleek, light
1	easy to use, fail-proof, sleek, ignitor
1	small, VERY easy to navigate through!  LOVE predictive text!
1	small, VERY easy to navigate through!  beloved predictive text!
1	Incredible imaging
1	Incredible envision
1	fast, inexpensive
1	profligate, inexpensive
0	Can't think of any!
0	Can't cerebrate of any!
0	No AC input except through docking station.  Kodak software is 'klunky' with Win98.
0	No actinium input except through dock station.  Kodak software is 'klunky' with Win98.
1	Great pics, ease of use.
1	Great pics, alleviate of use.
1	great
1	swell
0	Address book takes some getting used to. Long antenna.
0	Address book takes some generate used to. Long antenna.
0	No lens cap, but available from Kodak free upon request.
0	No lens chapiter, but available from Kodak justify upon request.
1	infant car seat attaches easily
1	infant car invest attaches easily
0	Loses reception very easily.
0	Loses receipt very easily.
1	Durablity
1	Durablity
0	ridiculous noises and long wait time before printing begins
0	cockeyed noises and long wait time before printing begins
1	Nice compact design. Great sound quality.
1	Nice contract design. Great sound quality.
0	Expensive ink.
0	expensive ink.
0	None as far as I can tell.
0	None as Interahamwe as I can tell.
1	Small, still cool-looking, sturdy, OK interface (apparently Motos used to stink)
1	Small, still cool-looking, inflexible, OK interface (seemingly Motos used to stink)
1	Epson does not fail with this printer.  It's a winner
1	Epson does not bomb with this pressman.  It's a winner
0	Cost (but not bad for what you get)
0	Cost (but not bad for what you acquire)
0	No AC adapter, only 4MB card
0	No AC adapter, only 4MB tease
0	Wheels NEVER worked - I bought/returned 3 Maclaren Mistrals.  Awkward brakes.
0	Wheels NEVER worked - I buy/returned ternion Maclaren Mistrals.  Awkward brakes.
0	none if you are not a professional photographer
0	none if you are not a professional lensman
0	Antenna pretty flimsy
0	Antenna pretty onionskin
1	6 in one unit, doesn't take up much space.
1	6 in one unit, doesn't require up much space.
1	convenience
1	appliance
1	Relatively fast, decent photo quality
1	Relatively fasting, decent photo quality
1	Great Display, Speakerphone,Camera a plus
1	heavy Display, Speakerphone,Camera a plus
0	Terrible technical support; poor customer appreciation.
0	Terrible proficient support; poor customer appreciation.
0	no viewfinder, 4MB memory stick
0	no viewfinder, 4MB memory flummox
0	nothing
0	zero
1	Easy to use, great pictures!
1	Easy to use, great photo!
0	None that I can think of.
0	None that 1 can think of.
1	Quality of build, compact, ease of use, big 2&amp;quot; LCD display
1	Quality of body-build, compact, ease of use, big 2&amp;quot; LCD show
0	battery use
0	battery utilise
1	None
1	none
0	Very poor software
0	selfsame poor software
1	Price, picture quality, ease of use, macro mode  
1	Price, film quality, ease of use, macro mode  
1	Incredible storage capacity, very tunable, great clarity, easy to use
1	Incredible storage capacity, very tunable, great pellucidity, easy to role
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	gravid size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
1	The company honored my warranty.
1	The party honored my warranty.
1	Extremely sturdy and will last forever
1	Extremely sturdy and will final forever
1	Small, inexpensive for its features.
1	belittled, inexpensive for its features.
0	Sprint PCS service
0	Sprint PCS serving
0	Low Battery Life, Doesn't hold up well
0	Low Battery Life, Doesn't bear up well
1	Great features, excellent design, light weight
1	Great features, excellent design, wanton weight
1	great value for money, good quality printouts
1	great value for money, estimable quality printouts
1	zoom, floppy disk, length of charge, clarity of pictures
1	zoom, floppy disk, length of lodge, clarity of pictures
0	Limited quantity of pics on high resolution
0	specify quantity of pics on high resolution
1	Easy to use and install, excellent price
1	Easy to usance and install, excellent price
0	none that I have experienced.
0	none that single have experienced.
0	Long Warm Up Time/Slow First Page to Print in Color
0	Long ardent Up Time/decelerate First Page to Print in Color
1	Speaker phone
1	Speaker call
0	none yet
0	none however
1	easy to use
1	easy to utilise
1	Color, new smaller size, very loud ringer,strong vibrating battery longest
1	colour, new smaller size, very loud ringer,strong vibrating battery tenacious
1	small size, cool look, headset
1	small size, cool feeling, headset
1	Small size, easy to use, inexpensive
1	Small size, tardily to use, inexpensive
0	Reception inside some buildings is difficult.
0	receipt inside some buildings is difficult.
1	Uses floppy disks
1	employ floppy disks
0	Somewhat expensive inks; no border-free printing or roll paper support
0	Somewhat expensive inks; no border-free printing or paradiddle paper bear
0	Ink doesn't last long
0	Ink doesn't close long
1	Great for the price a good deal.
1	Great for the price a thoroughly deal.
1	Great printer, low price
1	groovy printer, low price
0	slow and loud
0	slow and aloud
1	comparable to higher priced models
1	comparable to higher priced mannikin
0	haven't found any yet!
0	haven't encounter any yet!
0	Viewfinder (night/low-light), Poor battery status indicators, Lens cap design
0	Viewfinder (Nox/low-light), Poor battery condition indicators, Lens cap design
0	LOCKS UP!  NO BATTERY LIFE!  Metallic sounding voices.
0	LOCKS UP!  no BATTERY LIFE!  Metallic sounding voices.
0	Doesn't  work very well
0	Doesn't  mold very well
1	Takes superb pictures! Easy to learn to use this product.
1	admit superb pictures! Easy to memorize to use this product.
0	delicate,no case, no optical viewfinder
0	delicate,no case, no opthalmic viewfinder
1	Sleek looking, prints quickly, hardly know it is on
1	Sleek looking, prints quickly, hardly love it is on
1	Good battery life and large screen.
1	Good battery life and gravid screen.
0	Aging when compared to newer models.
0	Aging when compared to newer pose.
0	SLOW! Especially With The Memory Stick/Adaptor Combo
0	tardily! Especially With The Memory Stick/Adaptor Combo
0	Small text for messaging - no option to enlarge.
0	pocket-sized text for messaging - no option to enlarge.
0	Processor seems to have some software glitches.
0	Processor seem to have some software glitches.
0	tech staff and printing
0	tech staff and impression
0	Terrible manual, side buttons too easy to accidentally press, limited ringing volumes
0	Terrible manual, side buttons too sluttish to accidentally press, confine ringing volumes
0	battery monster, must have win98
0	battery ogre, must have win98
1	Admirable quality photo reproduction
1	Admirable quality photo breeding
1	Great pictures, handy smartcard printing, lasting for quite a while.
1	Great figure, handy smartcard printing, permanent for quite a while.
1	Great quality photos, easy to use
1	gravid quality photos, easy to use
1	Night Shots, Easy to use, High Quality
1	Night Shots, gentle to use, High Quality
0	have to keep it really steady
0	have to keep it really unfaltering
0	A bit too loud
0	A bit too gaudy
1	Very easy to use, good zoom range, easy to connect to computer
1	Very easy to manipulation, good zoom range, easygoing to connect to computer
1	voice quality, can use it on my vacations oversea's, great design and look, very light.
1	voice quality, can use it on my vacations oversea's, nifty pattern and front, very light.
1	This phone is small, a unique color, and has a nice color screen.
1	This call is small, a unique color, and has a nice colouring screen.
0	SmartMedia Card, only 2.8 optical zoom, Short Battery Life, no accessories
0	SmartMedia placard, only 2.8 optical zoom, brusk Battery Life, no accessories
1	Looks
1	count
0	Top quality = top price
0	crest quality = top price
1	Light, compact, and easy to use
1	Light, compact, and easy to apply
1	LARGE LCD SCREEN, CARL ZEISS LENS, MANY MODES TO TAKE PICTURES IN.
1	expectant LCD SCREEN, CARL ZEISS LENS, MANY MODES TO film PICTURES IN.
1	Superb image quality, bevy of features,ability to use multiple card formats
1	superb image timbre, bevy of features,ability to use multiple card formats
0	If lighting is too bright or too dark, it can be tough to get a good picture.
0	If lighting is too bright or too dark, it can be tough to begin a unspoilt depiction.
0	None!
0	none!
1	Simple quality images
1	Simple quality visualise
0	No color screen, No front-side display (these don't matter to me.)
0	No emblazon screen, no front-side display (these don't matter to me.)
0	Heats up, grainy viewfinder, short battery life, sluggish autofocus&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Heats up, grainy viewfinder, short shelling life, sulky autofocus&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Only 2 images sizes 1600X1200 and 640X480.&amp;#9;&amp;#9;&amp;#9;
0	solitary 2 images sizes 1600X1200 and 640X480.&amp;#niner;&amp;#9;&amp;#9;
0	Stock Battery life is terrible
0	trite Battery life is terrible
0	goes though batteries
0	depart though batteries
1	Good quality print images
1	undecomposed quality print images
1	Cheap, decent quality.
1	Cheap, decent calibre.
1	Clarity, functionality, volume, ergonomics, reasonably durable, excellent speaker, adult sized.
1	uncloudedness, functionality, volume, ergonomics, reasonably durable, excellent verbaliser, adult sized.
1	light weight, pocket size, easy to use
1	illumination weight, pocket size, easy to use
1	Good prints and reasonably fast.
1	honest prints and reasonably fast.
0	Not smart enough to include a few gaskets to keep it dry.
0	Not smarting decent to include a few gaskets to keep it dry.
1	Compact size, very durable, great battery life, and numerous features.
1	Compact size, very durable, outstanding battery biography, and numerous features.
1	great for the one not on the go and the one that is.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	great for the one not on the depart and the one that is.&amp;#xiii;&amp;#ten;
1	Ease of use, no assembly required, price
1	Ease of habit, no assembly required, price
1	Sharp, tiny, great ergonomics and packed with goodies...
1	crisp, tiny, great ergonomics and packed with goodies...
0	umm...
0	umm...
1	THIN and light, Excellent sound quality, stylish.
1	slim and light, Excellent sound quality, stylish.
1	Ultra-compact, very fast, durable, excellent photo quality
1	Ultra-compact, very fast, lasting, excellent photo quality
0	Not supported by Linux (yet), Occasionally drops pictures out of memory, Horrible Tripod mount 
0	Not patronise by Linux (yet), Occasionally deteriorate pictures out of memory, Horrible Tripod mount 
1	3.5oz, Caller ID outside/inside, extremely clear, sleek and stylish
1	threesome.5oz, caller ID outside/inside, extremely clear, sleek and stylish
0	not compatible with iMac
0	not compatible with iMac
1	Size, speed, quality, looks, features, connection types (USB, Parallel)
1	Size, speed, quality, wait, features, connection types (USB, Parallel)
1	Low Price, 1.3Mp image, ease of use, 
1	down Price, 1.3Mp image, ease of use, 
1	Easy to use, takes great pictures, lots of options.
1	Easy to use, ingest great pictures, lots of options.
1	best digital camera out there for under $1000
1	unspoiled digital camera out there for under $1000
1	Cheap original price
1	chinchy original price
1	Price is only pro I can think of
1	cost is only pro I can think of
1	Car seat is excellent, very sturdy, stroller works well for a baby.
1	Car fundament is excellent, very sturdy, stroller works well for a featherbed.
1	good image quality, fairly durable camera
1	well image quality, fairly durable camera
1	Print quality, Initial cost, Ease of operation
1	Print quality, Initial cost, simpleness of operation
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	Size, pellucidity, Screen Size, run Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	Good Pix in strong light.  Priced right.
1	Good Pix in strong loose.  Priced right.
0	Power hog, micro size and fumbility
0	magnate hog, micro size and fumbility
1	Spacey-great for big trips &amp; amusement parks, easy transition from car to stroller.
1	Spacey-great for vainglorious trips &amp; amusement parks, slowly transition from car to stroller.
1	Krishna
1	Krishna
1	Duplex printing. HP reliability. Ease of use.
1	Duplex printing. HP reliability. Ease of role.
1	It does everything, very easy to use.
1	It does everything, very easy to utilise.
1	great prints
1	enceinte prints
1	cheap price, quiet, easy to use, solid!
1	bum price, quiet, easy to use, solid!
0	Ring tone and alerts could be louder
0	Ring tone and alerts could be gaudy
1	Fast, efficient
1	debauched, efficient
1	lightweight, compact, attractive, large canopy, easy to maneuver
1	lightweight, compact, attractive, large canopy, easy to point
1	Quality, Ease of use, Technical support, Customer Service
1	Quality, Ease of use, proficient support, Customer Service
1	easy to use. tiny. audio recorder, MP3 player, camera, and movie recorder in one device.
1	easy to use. midget. audio recorder, MP3 musician, camera, and movie recorder in unity device.
0	Speed.
0	quicken.
0	A little pricey at $180 now.  No tri-mode capability
0	axerophthol little pricey at $180 now.  No tri-mode capability
1	Construction, stability, size, appearance, versatility
1	construction, stability, size, appearance, versatility
0	No FM Radio or Bluetooth, expensive
0	No FM radiocommunication or Bluetooth, expensive
1	Great Reception, Nokia quality, great battery, e-mail & aim capable
1	Great Reception, Nokia quality, great barrage, e-mail & aim capable
1	ease of use
1	ease of practice
0	BATTERY LIFE :o( ER!
0	BATTERY life :o( ER!
0	none yet
0	none withal
0	None for me
0	none for me
1	Flip phone, external caller ID, calendar, color screen, size, internet capability
1	switch phone, external caller ID, calendar, tinge screen, size, internet capability
0	Owner's Manual could be more detailed.
0	Owner's Manual could be more detail.
1	GREAT ALL_IN_ONE! FAST, SIMPLE, AFFORDABLE! VERY COMPACT!
1	slap-up ALL_IN_ONE! FAST, SIMPLE, AFFORDABLE! VERY COMPACT!
1	Decent color printing
1	Decent color impression
1	It has a compact design
1	It has a thick design
0	No Auto-Focus, Weak Flash
0	No Auto-Focus, frail Flash
0	EVERYTHING! dark pictures, blurry images, cheap
0	EVERYTHING! sour pictures, blurry images, cheap
1	Ease of use, options, comfort on the eyes
1	Ease of use, options, soothe on the eyes
0	Price, flimsy (useless?) antenna
0	Price, fragile (useless?) antenna
1	Cheap, usb &amp; serial, ok w/ win xp, lightweight, takes a beating
1	punk, usb &amp; serial, ok w/ win xp, lightweight, takes a pulsate
0	get the scanner attachment, you know you want it!
0	bring the scanner attachment, you know you want it!
0	Terrible battery life, no sound on movies, bulky
0	Terrible battery aliveness, no sound on movies, bulky
0	NONE AT ALL!!!
0	NONE astatine ALL!!!
1	Good quality for the Price
1	Good quality for the damage
0	lack of support
0	lack of sustenance
1	small, stylish, easy to understand menus
1	small, stylish, well-off to understand menus
1	great quality
1	great lineament
1	About the only advantage is it's small size.
1	around the only advantage is it's small size.
0	Replacement part not available for sale.
0	Replacement character not available for sale.
0	Non-Color
0	Non-Color
1	Great Camera , Awesome Photos
1	cracking Camera , Awesome Photos
0	Underneath Storage Basket Is Small
0	Underneath Storage Basket Is humble
1	Ease of use. Quality pictures. Long battery life.
1	Ease of use. Quality pictures. Long battery aliveness.
1	Easy to use interface, easy to hook up to your computer and upload pictures, 
1	Easy to practice interface, easy to purloin up to your computer and upload pictures, 
0	not the best quality  sucks battery power
0	not the skilful quality  sucks battery power
0	Only expect a couple of months of use
0	but expect a couple of months of use
0	Low Pixals, Slow recording
0	Low Pixals, irksome recording
1	Easy to use, good quality pictures, good video, too.
1	slowly to use, good quality pictures, good video, too.
1	Quiet, Quick, Fold up Paper Tray
1	quiesce, Quick, Fold up Paper Tray
0	There really are no cons to this printer
0	There really are no mulct to this printer
0	SM card has just 128M maximum.
0	SM notice has just 128M maximum.
0	Reds far too red, lens cap on a string, slow 'processing' speeds
0	bolshie far too cherry, lens cap on a string, slow 'processing' speeds
1	Strong flash, direct TV connection, Free photo editing software, above average pic quality
1	Strong flash, direct TV connection, release photo editing software, above mean pic quality
1	Style, quality, features, graphics, capabilities, clarity
1	Style, quality, features, graphics, capabilities, lucidness
1	Light and Sleek, built in camera, color and a world wide phone!
1	Light and Sleek, built in camera, semblance and a worldwide wide phone!
0	Small Starter Storage, Avg. Picture Quality, Flaky Zoom
0	Small entrant Storage, Avg. Picture Quality, Flaky Zoom
0	a little slow
0	a piddling slow
1	Easy to use, great pictures, versatile, no "special" cards are needed to hold pictures
1	Easy to use, great pictures, versatile, no "special" cards are needed to moderate project
1	easy navigation  color display external display ,size
1	easy piloting  color display external display ,size
1	space saver
1	infinite saver
0	Slow printing on photo paper
0	slack printing on photo paper
1	Good camera for the price.  Uses AA batteries; good battery life.
1	unspoilt camera for the price.  Uses AA batteries; good shelling life.
1	Cheap
1	chinchy
0	Cartridge Cost
0	Cartridge be
1	Size! Obviously. This camera went everywhere I went and no one noticed.
1	Size! Obviously. This camera function everywhere I perish and no one noticed.
0	Poor quality.  Bad battery life.  Poor support.
0	Poor quality.  Bad battery life.  Poor documentation.
1	Great Pictures, Small
1	Great scene, Small
1	1.Back Lite 2.Speaker phone 3. Games for the kids .Pictures
1	1.Back Lite 2.Speaker phone three. Games for the tiddler .Pictures
0	USB installation could be more seamless
0	USB installation could be more unseamed
1	Great color Phone, Great OS, Triband, GPRS, T68i updateable - Picture phonebook, MMS,
1	outstanding color Phone, Great OS, Triband, GPRS, T68i updateable - word-painting phonebook, MMS,
1	great picture quality, price, advanced features
1	great picture caliber, price, advanced features
1	Beautiful! Affordable. Easy to use. Quality product. 
1	Beautiful! Affordable. Easy to enjoyment. Quality product. 
1	Easy USB setup, individual color cartridges.
1	Easy USB setup, somebody color cartridges.
1	very easy to use
1	very gentle to use
0	Battery life could be longer, delayed shooting.
0	Battery life could be longer, stay shooting.
1	Easy to use, very versatile, excellent picture
1	easily to use, very versatile, excellent picture
1	Nice design, features, good reception
1	Nice design, features, unspoilt reception
1	This camera cost less than the 640 and hold way more pictures
1	This camera cost less than the 640 and grasp way more photograph
1	great signal strength, good battery life beautiful screen
1	great signal specialty, good battery life beautiful screen
1	Functionality, internet capable, design
1	Functionality, internet capable, blueprint
1	Very easy camera to use
1	Very easy camera to apply
1	Voice helper, excellent quality
1	vocalize helper, excellent quality
0	Bulky,
0	bulky,
0	just alittle pricey but worth it!
0	just alittle costly but worth it!
0	seems everyone has one, TDMA??
0	seems everyone has unmatchable, TDMA??
0	No Movie-Mode or Sound.
0	No Movie-Mode or strait.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, color screen, changeable faceplate
1	Inexpensive, easy to utilise, color screen, changeable faceplate
1	Great output, reasonable operating costs
1	majuscule output, reasonable operating costs
0	None
0	none
1	OUTSTANDING PICTURES;EASY TO USE
1	OUTSTANDING depiction;EASY TO USE
1	Quality VS Price = Awesome
1	Quality five Price = Awesome
1	Highest quality prints you will find - better than your photo shop
1	Highest calibre prints you will retrieve - better than your photo shop
1	It is reliable
1	It is true
0	Small wheels and not very durable 
0	small-scale wheels and not very durable 
1	Great Pictures, Easy of loading into a PC with diskette, 16x Zoom, 1.3 Mega Pixels
1	great Pictures, slowly of loading into a PC with diskette, 16x Zoom, 1.terzetto Mega Pixels
1	Attractive, Screen, Ease of Use, Phone quality, Built-in Bluetooth, Memory Stick DUO
1	Attractive, Screen, Ease of Use, Phone quality, inbuilt Bluetooth, Memory stupefy DUO
1	Takes good pictures
1	Takes right pictures
1	Built-in media readers!  Impressive print quality.  And SO quiet!
1	Built-in media readers!  Impressive print quality.  And SO tranquilize!
1	Simple to use, quality photos in daylight, movie clips with sound
1	Simple to use, quality photos in daylight, film clips with audio
1	small, light, small, light, small...
1	small, faint, small, light, small...
0	Voice out of sinc with video, Max 400iso, Slow to take picture,Lenscap
0	Voice out of sinc with video, Max 400iso, irksome to read picture,Lenscap
1	Easy to use.  Easy to upload to Mac.
1	loose to use.  Easy to upload to Mac.
0	not web enabled like i need it anyway i have a pc
0	not web enable ilk i need it anyway i have a pc
1	Small, efficient, easy to use
1	Small, efficient, easy to manipulation
0	poor control layout, hard to program
0	poor control layout, operose to program
0	long printing time at highest quality
0	retentive printing time at highest quality
1	You can hear well, easy to operate, loud ring tones, good reception
1	You can hear well, gentle to operate, loud ring tones, effective reception
1	Compact, tough, sexy, very good image quality, and movies with sound &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Compact, yobbo, sexy, very upright image quality, and movies with good &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Too big for pockets, not much depth of field. Poor printing lower pixel settings.  
0	also big for pockets, not much depth of field. Poor printing downhearted pixel settings.  
0	It really does eat batteries, Buy Re-Charagable
0	It rattling does eat batteries, Buy Re-Charagable
0	The cross navigational key in the middle is ugly and the send and end buttons are weird shades of red and green
0	The cross navigational key in the heart is ugly and the send and remainder buttons are weird shades of Bolshevik and unripened
1	Durability.  Interface design.
1	Durability.  Interface contrive.
1	Easy and Fun to use.  No software to worry about
1	Easy and play to use.  No package to worry about
0	Weight, Size
0	weighting, Size
1	Stylish, sleek, decent music quality
1	Stylish, sleek, decent music choice
1	Fantastic Quality Prints
1	Fantastic timbre Prints
0	Haven't found any yet!
0	Haven't found any heretofore!
1	Small, easy to use, good picture quality, cheap, and readily available.
1	Small, easy to use, good see calibre, cheap, and readily available.
0	Had nothing but problems with charging the phone
0	sustain nothing but problems with charging the phone
1	Price and simplicity
1	terms and simplicity
0	No sync tools yet
0	No sync tools hitherto
1	Stylish,sexy,cool
1	Stylish,sexy,sang-froid
0	No instruction booklet for software-Photomax.  Better to use as a plug in to electricity as uses up batteries very quickly.
0	No instruction booklet for software-Photomax.  easily to employment as a jade in to electricity as usage up batteries very quickly.
0	SELECTIVELY FAXES, many receiving errors, HORRIBLE SERVICE
0	SELECTIVELY FAXES, many receiving errors, HORRIBLE serve
0	ink cartridges are costly from Epson!
0	ink cartridge are costly from Epson!
1	Has incredible battery life, gets great signal for small phone, and many new features.
1	Has incredible battery life, gets swell signal for small phone, and many new lineament.
0	A bit pricey, eats batteries for breakfast
0	A bit pricey, eats battery for breakfast
1	easy to use both camera and software, good quality images, economical 
1	tardily to use both camera and software, dear quality images, economical 
0	Too many to list
0	Too many to listing
0	Must Use Kodak Brand Batteries
0	Must usage Kodak Brand Batteries
1	Crisp pictures, Stylish, Easy Connection, User Friendly, 
1	nappy pictures, Stylish, Easy Connection, User Friendly, 
1	Price, 10X zoom, manual settings, great battery life, compact size, 
1	Price, 10X zoom, manual settings, great shelling life, summary size, 
0	none
0	none
1	affordable, wonderful quality on any paper
1	affordable, fantastic quality on any paper
1	At least you can read what it prints
1	At least you can read what it mark
1	used to make really good copies
1	used to pee really good copies
0	Red Eye
0	redness Eye
1	Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
1	soundly 'phone' feel and sound quality.
0	Reception, Volume Level, Battery indicator
0	Reception, volume Level, Battery indicator
1	Has bluetooth capability.
1	hold bluetooth capability.
1	External caller ID, Voice Dialing, FM Stereo Radio, VoiceNote voice Recorder, Compactness
1	External caller ID, sound Dialing, FM Stereo Radio, VoiceNote part Recorder, Compactness
1	Great phone, Excellent Reception
1	neat phone, Excellent Reception
0	some accessories are cheap
0	some accessories are crummy
1	Small size, ease of use, very good quality snapshots.
1	Small size, ease of habituate, very good quality snapshots.
0	perhaps the tiny keys but not a real issue for me.
0	perhaps the diminutive keys but not a real payoff for me.
1	Not bad for $50, holds 70 pics, takes good pictures depending on where you are.
1	Not unfit for $50, holds 70 pics, acquire good picture depending on where you are.
1	Great options, very few drop calls
1	Great options, very few drop cry
1	Very Fast, Photo quality-WOW!
1	Very degraded, Photo quality-WOW!
0	expensive ink cartridges, no cables included
0	expensive ink pickup, no cables included
0	Can't find any yet! Oh maybe, it requires you always carry a spare battery.
0	Can't find any yet! Oh mayhap, it requires you always express a spare battery.
0	Only 1216X932
0	but 1216X932
1	Size, Image Quality, Manual and Automatic Controls
1	Size, Image Quality, Manual and automatonlike Controls
1	lightweight, easy to maneuver, durable
1	lightweight, tardily to maneuver, durable
0	Charging defect, counter-intuitive interface.
0	saddle defect, counter-intuitive interface.
0	Bulky and large
0	Bulky and expectant
0	Cheap build quality.
0	Cheap build select.
0	Can't think of any
0	Can't conceive of any
1	Quality of print is great
1	lineament of print is great
0	Number of pics camera stores and battery
0	Number of pics camera entrepot and battery
1	small, clear lcd, dependable, inexpensive
1	small, make lcd, dependable, inexpensive
0	Image quality is satisfactory, not outstanding.
0	Image prime is satisfactory, not outstanding.
0	Fairly expensive; slightly heavier and bulkier than some compact digital cameras.
0	Fairly expensive; slightly sullen and bulkier than some summary digital cameras.
1	Great price for the features you get and very nice quality photos, had USB compatibility
1	Great price for the features you scram and very overnice quality photo, had USB compatibility
1	great quality, floppy disk storage, manual/auto controls
1	nifty quality, floppy disk storage, manual/auto controls
0	a bit biger than most flip phones
0	a bit biger than most summerset phones
1	Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	Big screen, good battery life, net connection, quality camera
0	4 X 6 Photo paper slot will not feed.
0	4 decade 6 Photo paper slot will not feed.
1	Long battery life, 5.0 megapixel, autofocus, nightframe features
1	farsighted battery life, 5.0 megapixel, autofocus, nightframe features
0	Impossible to see screen outdoors.  Signal strength indicator horribly inaccurate.
0	Impossible to see sort outdoors.  Signal durability indicator horribly inaccurate.
0	It could be faster, resolution on scan images could be better.Big Unit
0	It could be quick, resolution on scan images could be unspoilt.Big Unit
0	Poky serial interface, dumb lens/flash positioning.
0	clink serial interface, dumb lens/flash positioning.
1	High quality printouts (text &amp;amp; graphics), price, resolution quality, Great copies, solid, reliable, good technical support clear text Fast and Reliable, speed and reasonable size.
1	High quality printouts (text &amp;amp; graphics), price, resolution quality, neat copies, solid, reliable, right technical back open text riotous and Reliable, speed and reasonable size.
1	Ease of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
1	Ease of enjoyment, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
1	Reclines, Padded seat
1	Reclines, plod seat
1	Disk Storage &amp;amp; Ease Of Use
1	Disk Storage &amp;amp; Ease Of utilisation
0	Flash sometimes washes out the subject, shutter lag can be significant, zoom could be better.
0	trice sometimes washes out the theme, shutter slowdown can be significant, zoom could be better.
0	lens looks somewhat delicate , low light auto-focus weak. 
0	lens looks somewhat delicate , low ignitor auto-focus weak. 
1	Inexpensive
1	cheap
0	Seems to slow
0	Seems to irksome
1	Small and easy to use
1	Small and well-to-do to use
1	Good quality print
1	upright quality print
0	no color
0	no colouration
1	good value....nice feel....versatile
1	adept value....nice feel....versatile
1	Lots of features in a relatively compact package
1	mess of features in a relatively compact package
0	ink runs out quickly, 'dumb' peripheral
0	ink incline out quickly, 'dumb' peripheral
0	Crummy original antenna, LCD hard to read in bright sunlight
0	Crummy original aerial, LCD hard to interpret in bright sunlight
0	No memory stick. Memory stick adapter causes too much lag in storage times.
0	No memory stick. Memory stick adapter cause too much lag in storage sentence.
0	Flip up flash and lens cover
0	Flip up flash and lens enshroud
0	Displays not readable in sunlight.
0	Displays not decipherable in sunlight.
0	Memory cards with which last about 4 years.
0	Memory cards with which last about 4 geezerhood.
1	Brilliant Photo Quality.  Accepts Memory Cards.  Quiet, Fast, an overall excellent printer.
1	Brilliant Photo Quality.  Accepts Memory menu.  lull, Fast, an overall excellent printer.
1	features, zoom, resolution
1	features, zoom, firmness
1	Small, compact and lightweight!
1	low, compact and lightweight!
1	Fast, good quality, cheap ink tanks
1	Fast, good select, cheap ink tanks
0	Dont like charger cord, cant buy faceplates and there is no case for this phone.
0	Dont like charger cord, cant buy faceplate and there is no lawsuit for this ring.
0	Fragile Sliding mechanism, Manual focus is a pain.
0	Fragile Sliding mechanics, Manual focus is a pain.
1	Compact
1	squeeze
1	Storage, printing quality
1	warehousing, printing quality
1	Small, light flip phone with color LCD, polyphonic ringtones
1	Small, light somersault phone with color LCD, polyphonic ringtones
0	large footprint
0	tumid footprint
0	no serious
0	no unplayful
0	Print cart. are expensive (every brand is)
0	Print drag. are expensive (every brand is)
1	small, compact, light-weight, easy to install
1	minor, compact, light-weight, easy to install
0	No timer!
0	No timekeeper!
0	a bit pricey
0	a prick pricey
1	Nice looking with useful features
1	Nice attend with useful features
0	NO Alarm Clock feature, keypad volume is not loud enough even at maximum
0	NO Alarm Clock feature, keypad mass is not loud enough regular at maximum
0	Batteries don't last long, have to reset it when I turn the camera on
0	Batteries don't last long, have to reset it when ane release the camera on
1	10 PPM black, very versitile, simple interface, very easy to use, rather small, 11x14 paper printing
1	10 PPM black, very versitile, bare interface, very easy to use, instead small, 11x14 paper impress
1	Looks nice, user friendly, fun to use.
1	feeling nice, user friendly, fun to use.
0	wish it took better fast-moving pictures
0	wish it took better fast-moving depiction
0	Big, can feel lens motor running
0	Big, can feel lens motor move
1	Small, lightweight and easy to use.
1	Small, lightweight and easy to usance.
0	Toner eater
0	toner eater
1	A wonderfully designed and easy to use high quality digital camera.
1	A wonderfully designed and easy to consumption gamey quality digital camera.
0	Just about everything. Function, reception, call consistency, battery life
0	hardly about everything. Function, reception, call consistency, battery life
1	Unsurpassed macro ability, 4X zoom, 6X review, ergonomics
1	Unsurpassed macro ability, 4X whizz, 6X review, ergonomics
0	The price
0	The cost
1	Good images, convenient
1	Good see, convenient
1	Size, size and size!
1	Size, size and sizing!
1	Hardware
1	hardware
0	None
0	none
0	High priced, easy to lose (the belt clip/holster doesn't hold the phone
0	High priced, easy to lose (the belt clip/holster doesn't adjudge the telephone
0	hard to find a carry case
0	hard to find a impart case
0	Very low battery life
0	Very scummy battery life
1	Easy to use, Nice Pictures, Good battery life.
1	Easy to use, Nice envision, Good battery life.
1	Photo size range, external flash available, lightweight,compact, user friendly.
1	Photo size range, external brassy available, lightweight,wad, user friendly.
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed vociferation, suck over all
1	Low price with good features. Hard to beat in it's class-price range
1	depressed price with good features. Hard to stick in it's class-price range
1	Uses a floppy disk, easy to use
1	utilization a floppy disk, easy to use
0	turns off after about 15-30 seconds w/o use
0	turns off after about 15-30 endorsement w/o use
0	Digital cameras can be expensive
0	digital cameras can be expensive
1	Rich color display.
1	Rich colouring display.
0	None found yet.
0	None base yet.
0	Difficulty feeding photo paper. It will sometime grab multiple sheets
0	Difficulty feeding photo paper. It will sometime seize multiple shroud
1	Easy to use and import pictures
1	Easy to use and importation pictures
1	Good speed, nice output, can't beat the price
1	Good speed, nice output, can't beat the cost
0	battery life, ring tones, clarity.
0	battery life, ring step, clarity.
1	Great Camera: very reliable and easy to use.  Works with all computers even macs.
1	Great Camera: very reliable and easily to use.  Works with all figurer even macs.
1	Convenient, Great pics, easy to use
1	Convenient, Great pics, easy to manipulation
1	Whole package
1	unhurt package
1	Floppy drive, rechargeable batteries
1	Floppy parkway, rechargeable batteries
0	Tiny screen.
0	petite screen.
0	No keypad cover
0	No keypad covering
0	flimsy zoom-button
0	onionskin zoom-button
0	I wish it rang louder!
0	I wish it knell louder!
0	no speaker phone
0	no speaker headphone
0	Isn't necessarily superior to other phones in call quality.
0	Isn't necessarily superior to other phones in vociferation quality.
0	Focus depth could be better, battery life could be longer.
0	concentrate depth could be honorable, battery life could be longer.
1	Excellent duplication, Well documented on the usage of product
1	Excellent duplication, Well documented on the utilization of product
1	Easy to use and set up with any program
1	Easy to use and rigid up with any program
1	low price, great if used every day
1	lowly price, great if used every day
1	Looks great, awesome display, lots of features
1	Looks great, awesome display, mint of features
1	Small Size, Easy to Use, Good Picture
1	Small Size, easily to Use, Good Picture
1	Clear and crisp text &amp;  pictures for the money
1	Clear and crisp text &amp;  render for the money
0	no games, no calculator, new ringtones require complex programming, voice recognition needs work
0	no games, no calculator, new ringtones require complex programming, part recognition needs form
0	Can't view Pictures as you take them
0	Can't view Pictures as you film them
0	no 2.5mm headset jack, poor camera quality, fingerprint magnet, low speakerphone
0	no ii.5mm headset jack, poor camera quality, fingerprint magnet, modest speakerphone
1	Picture quality, features, connections, USB, resolution
1	Picture quality, sport, connections, USB, resolution
0	Power button location.
0	king button location.
1	Quality of output; price; speed
1	timber of output; price; speed
1	easy to use.. light weight.. many features
1	easy to use.. light weight.. many characteristic
0	Very few features. No data interface. Small. :)
0	rattling few features. No data interface. Small. :)
1	relatively fast, relatively quiet, easy to change toner, separate black and color cartridges
1	relatively fast, relatively quiet, easy to change toner, distinguish black and colour cartridges
1	comes with baterries/some assembly requierd
1	amount with baterries/some assembly requierd
0	Limited Battery and technical/manufacturing problems with first phone I received
0	specify Battery and technical/manufacturing problems with first phone unity received
1	Ease of use, outstanding picture quality, great value
1	Ease of utilize, outstanding picture quality, great value
1	good quality, fairly quiet
1	full quality, fairly quiet
0	Small black ink cartridge that's not as universal and slightly more expensive.
0	pocket-sized Negro ink cartridge that's not as universal and slightly more expensive.
0	Soft ringer, cannot ring and vibrate simultaneously
0	Soft ringer, cannot border and vibrate simultaneously
0	None.
0	none.
1	Image color integrity is great., Battery life is long (70 images)
1	Image color integrity is enceinte., Battery spirit is long (70 images)
0	Too many to list here. Read the review.
0	besides many to list here. Read the review.
1	Nice print quality
1	courteous print quality
0	Sometimes it's too bright outside and I can't see the picture on the screen very well.
0	Sometimes it's too vivid outside and I can't interpret the exposure on the screen very well.
1	Good build quality,great size, easy to use, good outdoor picts
1	Good build timber,great size, easy to use, safe outdoor picts
0	Inconvenient shape, Very Limited speaker use
0	Inconvenient shape, selfsame Limited speaker use
0	Reciever Volume is low.
0	Reciever Volume is down.
0	Battery life, shutter lag
0	Battery life, shutter stave
1	Very Small, Light weight, Clear sound quality, Custom keys and menu
1	Very Small, unclouded weight, unclutter sound quality, Custom keys and menu
1	Great design, and wheels, comfortable, easy to push
1	Great design, and wheels, prosperous, easy to push
1	great quality and speed, good consumable value
1	great quality and speed, good consumable evaluate
0	Software, no manual feed, ink jet means high cost of ownership
0	Software, no manual feed, ink jet-black means high-pitched cost of ownership
1	Great photo quality.  Very easy to use.
1	Great pic quality.  Very easy to use.
1	Nice look and feel
1	Nice attend and feel
1	Folds up easily, runs smoothly, lets my son look around at the scenery.
1	Folds up easily, runs smoothly, Lashkar-e-Tayyiba my son spirit around at the scenery.
0	analog TDMA phone,No Smart Card,Bad voice Quality,Average Signal,Avg Battery,Cannot Receive&send OP logos,ringtones
0	analog TDMA phone,No Smart Card,Bad voice Quality,Average Signal,Avg Battery,Cannot experience&mail OP logo,ringtones
0	Price
0	cost
0	Price (all digital cameras!), 16MB memory would have been much better
0	Price (all digital cameras!), 16MB storage would have been much best
1	3 Things in one. Easy connectivity and transfer of files. Only 16MB card.
1	3 Things in one. well-heeled connectivity and transfer of lodge. Only 16MB card.
0	No Bluetooth...but that is not a priorty...
0	no Bluetooth...but that is not a priorty...
1	Very easy to use, inexpensive. Jam-packed with awesome features and games.
1	really light to use, inexpensive. Jam-packed with awesome features and games.
1	Excellent display(s).
1	splendid display(s).
0	Scanning items
0	Scanning point
0	Must buy a USB Cable
0	Must purchase a USB Cable
1	Many functions usable from printer panel or computer.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good software included.
1	Many operate available from printer panel or computer.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;goodness software included.
0	Not as compact compared to flip phones, Small Display
0	Not as compact compared to flip ring, Small Display
1	Excellent print quality for less than $100.00 dollars...
1	Excellent print quality for less than $hundred.00 dollars...
1	Small and compact. Easy to use. Great looking.
1	minuscule and compact. Easy to use. Great looking.
1	stylish
1	fashionable
1	Large screen, clear reception
1	Large screen, illuminate reception
0	Annoying repeat of voice telling you there is no paper, or for any type of error (luckily I've only had one error in the six months since the purchase of my machine) 
0	devil recur of sound severalise you there is no paper, or for any character of error (luckily I've only had one error in the six months since the purchase of my car) 
0	Poor quality pictures, High power consumption, Low memory size
0	Poor quality show, High power consumption, Low memory size
1	Convenience, Easy turning
1	restroom, Easy turning
0	rejects ink cartridges when turned off
0	pooh-pooh ink cartridges when turned off
0	Screen hard to see in bright sunlight, camera not as good as current phones.
0	Screen hard to watch in bright sunlight, camera not as dependable as current phones.
0	pop-up flash, short battery life, doesn't come with camera case
0	pop-up flash, short battery lifetime, doesn't come with camera pillowcase
0	Ease of use and battery usage
0	relieve of use and battery usage
1	good quality and inexpensive
1	good tone and inexpensive
0	Ringer tunes, battery life (?)
0	Ringer tunes, battery sprightliness (?)
1	QWERTY keyboard, neat design
1	QWERTY keyboard, neat intent
1	Easy to use, small, light
1	Easy to use, belittled, light
1	small, light, compact, good print quality
1	small, perch, compact, good print quality
0	Crashes, No Speakerphone, Mediocore Memory Capacity, Button Delay
0	Crashes, No Speakerphone, Mediocore retention Capacity, Button Delay
1	simple setup, fast, well designed
1	simple setup, fast, wellspring designed
0	As good as the color output is, it's not a real photo printer.
0	As good as the colouration yield is, it's not a real photo printer.
1	Output is great
1	Output is big
0	only average image quality
0	only average trope quality
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the reexamination.
0	1.3 Megapixel cameras just don't cut it.  
0	1.3 Megapixel cameras just don't abbreviate it.  
1	Affordable
1	low-cost
0	picture quality,battery life,bad games
0	picture quality,battery life,big games
1	Light, durable, good reception, fashionable
1	idle, durable, good reception, fashionable
1	Inexpensive and quiet
1	Inexpensive and calm
1	quick and easy transfer to PC via USB cable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great quality Pictures
1	quick and well-to-do transfer to PC via USB cable&ampere;#13;&amp;#10;Great calibre Pictures
0	spotty coverage, not cool looking, hard to program
0	spotty coverage, not cool looking, concentrated to program
1	fast, easy, don't have to wait for developing
1	fast, easy, don't have to waitress for developing
0	Expensive cartridges, so-so print quality, slow print speed
0	Expensive cartridges, so-so print timber, slow print speed
1	Fair price, good software, good photo quality.
1	Fair price, well software, good photo quality.
1	None
1	none
1	Takes little space. Prints fast!
1	submit little space. Prints fast!
1	3.5 floppy, easy to use
1	3.5 floppy, wanton to use
1	small, versatile, easy to use
1	humble, versatile, easy to use
1	Excellent photo quality, many nice features, easy to use
1	Excellent photo quality, many nice features, easy to purpose
0	speed, uses a lot of ink
0	speed, uses a circumstances of ink
1	The price is right, it takes a lot of pictures as well as video.
1	The price is correctly, it takes a raft of pictures as well as video.
1	Nice resolution, good feel in the hand, good price
1	Nice resolution, proficient feel in the hand, good price
1	Looks cool
1	aspect cool
1	inexpensive, good quality for the price you pay.
1	inexpensive, secure quality for the price you pay.
1	Hands free speaker phone
1	Hands loose speaker phone
1	Good on Graphics, Pretty fast, Quiet, Great Printer
1	Good on Graphics, Pretty fast, tranquility, Great Printer
0	Weight
0	slant
0	Horrible reception. Very Poor Battery life, dies out after one call, after full charging.
0	Horrible reception. Very Poor Battery liveliness, choke out after one call, after full charging.
1	Durable, Long Lasting!
1	Durable, tenacious Lasting!
1	Small in size
1	small in size
1	Speaker phone, Two way radio, Battery Life
1	Speaker earphone, Two way radio, Battery Life
1	Nokia name brand, battery life, voice activated dialing
1	Nokia figure brand, battery life, voice activated dialing
1	LCD, 4x zoom, Fast boot
1	LCD, 4x zoom, Fast thrill
1	user friendly, easy to learn, good quality on-line photos
1	user friendly, easy to learn, skillful quality on-line photos
1	Small. Camera is easy to use.  Bluetooth included. Color screen.
1	belittled. Camera is well-to-do to use.  Bluetooth included. Color screen.
0	Expensive ink
0	expensive ink
0	Volume too low, reception isn't always good.
0	Volume too low, reception isn't forever good.
0	sound quality is terrible
0	phone quality is terrible
1	good calling service, good features, more games, good graphics
1	safe calling service, good features, more games, good graphics
1	Small size, excellent clarity
1	minor size, excellent clarity
0	NONE
0	none
1	affordable, dependable
1	affordable, good
0	Bad Battery Life
0	Bad shelling Life
0	I have found none.  Maybe a slightly annoying ringer.
0	I have rule none.  Maybe a slightly annoying ringer.
1	great item
1	corking item
0	I don't have any!
0	iodin don't have any!
0	X83 is incompatible with Windows Xp and breakdowns average every 3 months.
0	X83 is antagonistic with Windows Xp and breakdowns average every deuce-ace months.
1	GPS navigation is great(extra fee);Small size
1	GPS navigation is smashing(extra fee);Small size
1	Small, lightweight, caller id outside of flip, multi feature, comes with hands free
1	Small, lightweight, caller id outside of flip, multi feature, comes with pass dislodge
1	Very easy to use
1	Very prosperous to use
0	Same problems with DeskJet 930/932/935 but lacks a few features.
0	Same trouble with DeskJet 930/932/935 but lacks a few boast.
0	Rather short actual battery length, has non-standard headset jack
0	kinda short actual battery length, has non-standard headset jack
1	Robust Design
1	Robust innovation
1	accommodates 2 children, easy to fold and unfold
1	adapt 2 children, easy to fold and unfold
1	Comes with rechargeable battery and charger.
1	Comes with rechargeable bombardment and charger.
1	No more films to be developed!!!
1	No more films to be educate!!!
1	Built-in One-Touch Upload button; Inner-swivel lens;  affordable price, 15-minute movie recording
1	Built-in One-Touch Upload clitoris; Inner-swivel Lens;  affordable price, 15-minute movie recording
1	Excellent Quality, Cheap, easy to use
1	first-class Quality, Cheap, easy to use
0	antennae is annoying, no color screen, limited organizer
0	antennae is annoying, no colourize screen, limited organizer
1	Compact, excellent pictures, optical and LED viewfinders, easy to use &amp; download, MPEG movies
1	Compact, excellent pic, ocular and LED viewfinders, easy to use &amp; download, MPEG movies
0	Won't replace the need for a small stroller.
0	Won't replace the need for a small-scale stroller.
0	Noisy, a little confusing to set up.
0	Noisy, a little confusing to located up.
0	Not very rugged.  Numerous quirky problems.
0	Not very rugged.  Numerous far-out problems.
1	Great quality images, very cheap for it's features and capabilities, takes videos.
1	Great quality double, very cheap for it's features and capabilities, necessitate videos.
1	Small, Stylish and easy to use
1	low, Stylish and easy to use
0	power on/off button, very soft ringtone, takes few seconds before phone shuts off
0	might on/off button, very soft ringtone, aim few seconds before phone shuts off
0	Battery life, when you use the backlight feature.
0	Battery life, when you practice the backlight feature.
0	Low optical zoom (2x)
0	small optical zoom (2x)
1	Ease of use, very good ergonomics, great picture quality
1	Ease of use, very good ergonomics, great flick quality
1	convenience, quality, excellent zoom
1	convenience, prize, excellent zoom
1	compact, inexpensive ink, turns into a scanner
1	thick, inexpensive ink, turns into a scanner
1	Nice and small
1	skillful and small
0	The worst scanner I have seen in 15 years as a designer.
0	The tough scanner ane have seen in 15 years as a designer.
0	Optical viewfinder is not worth using
0	Optical viewfinder is not worth habituate
1	easy to use, full of features, color screen, inexpensive, camera
1	gentle to role, full of features, color screen, inexpensive, camera
1	Lots of nice features.
1	hatful of nice features.
0	Software package is weak - uses regular AA Batteries
0	Software package is weak - function regular AA Batteries
0	Basket too small
0	Basket too diminished
0	stroller can be a bit heavy when floded down
0	stroller can be a spot heavy when floded down
1	Style, speaker phone, voice recorder, two-way direct-connect
1	Style, speaker headphone, voice recorder, two-way direct-connect
0	Battery
0	bombardment
0	slow data transfer, poor battery usage
0	slow data transfer, poor battery usance
1	Easy to use, very inexpensive
1	promiscuous to use, very inexpensive
0	none
0	none
1	color screen
1	coloring screen
0	Battery life, short circuit problem?
0	Battery lifetime, short circuit problem?
0	washed out color, poor paper handling and drinks a lot of ink
0	washed out colorise, poor paper manage and drinks a lot of ink
0	none that I have found
0	none that I have find
1	the blue face meant I didn't need to spend $20 more on a face plate
1	the juicy face meant I didn't indigence to drop $20 more on a face plate
0	Poor manual
0	poor manual
1	Flat bed floor under 5 month old.
1	monotonic bed floor under 5 month old.
1	Speakerphone, lightweight, great battery life w/ monitoring
1	Speakerphone, lightweight, large battery life w/ monitoring
1	Great pictures, true color, rugged construction, nice interface.
1	Great pictures, avowedly color, rugged construction, nice interface.
1	Free (with service activation), cheap accessories available online
1	costless (with service activation), cheap accessories available online
0	a lil unwieldly and the phone pad gets heated up!
0	a lil unwieldly and the phone diggings stick heated up!
0	Finger can be placed to close to the lens
0	Finger can be placed to close to the Lens
1	price, size, quality, looks, and ease of use
1	price, size, quality, looks, and ease of purpose
1	User Friendly!
1	User friendly!
1	Somewhat quiet, affective
1	Somewhat quiet, affectional
1	Great phone, great size, cools games :-)
1	Great phone, great size, cools punt :-)
1	Zoom, Flash/Red-eye reduction, Easy to use, Clear pictures
1	Zoom, Flash/Red-eye reduction, Easy to use, crystallize pictures
0	Rather expensive ink; runs through ink quickly
0	Rather expensive ink; carry through ink quickly
1	Cheap
1	crummy
1	Ease of Use, Quality
1	Ease of apply, Quality
1	Easy to use, moderately priced, zoom feature, preview window, and delete function.
1	Easy to consumption, moderately priced, zoom feature, preview window, and delete subroutine.
1	Price, ease of use, quality of photos
1	Price, ease of utilize, quality of photos
0	Slow, Holds only black OR color cartridge at one time.
0	Slow, Holds only grim OR color cartridge at one clock.
0	Reception, battery life, volume, screen quality
0	Reception, battery life, volume, screen lineament
0	Expensive, I hope the costs of ink cartridges comes down soon.
0	Expensive, one hope the costs of ink cartridges fall down soon.
0	n/a
0	northward/a
1	front screen, speaker phone, vibrate feature
1	front screen, speaker phone, vibrate characteristic
0	difficulty in using electronic zoom, delay in responding to trigger
0	difficulty in using electronic whizz, delay in respond to trigger
1	Great idea, Palm OS was an excellent addition
1	Great idea, Palm OS was an excellent accession
1	really good camera for both price &amp; size
1	really good camera for both terms &amp; size
0	Non for its price
0	Non for its cost
1	Great handling.  Easy folding.  Very well constructed.
1	dandy handling.  Easy folding.  Very well constructed.
1	Excellent 3 color display, easy to use, small, and light.
1	Excellent 3 colouration display, easy to use, small, and luminousness.
1	Very small and light weight
1	Very diminished and light weight
1	Looks great, plus it's not too costly!
1	bet great, plus it's not too costly!
1	Very hip, highly customizable, color screen
1	Very hip, highly customizable, color screenland
1	Indiglo display, dial-pad, menu, external display, phonebook, voice dialing and digital recorder.
1	Indiglo display, dial-pad, carte, external display, phonebook, vocalise dialing and digital recorder.
0	Flimsy lens cover
0	Flimsy lens covert
0	drains battery quite fast
0	enfeeble battery quite fast
0	Problems just aren't worth it.
0	problem just aren't worth it.
1	Very dependable
1	Very true
0	Too simple, kinda slow focusing, NO Advanced functions.
0	Too simple, kinda slow focusing, NO Advanced purpose.
1	Fast black &amp; white and color text, Dual cartridge holder
1	firm black &amp; white and color textbook, Dual cartridge holder
0	Loves the ink
0	bed the ink
1	Cheap, small size, design
1	Cheap, small size, project
1	easy to use,cheap, everything needed was included in the kit
1	easy to exercise,cheap, everything demand was included in the kit
0	A little noisy
0	A trivial noisy
1	Inexpensive initially
1	inexpensive initially
0	JUNK, Pricey Cartridges, Exit Tray too short (paper tends to land on floor).
0	scrap, Pricey Cartridges, Exit Tray too suddenly (paper tends to land on floor).
0	Picture quality
0	Picture prize
1	Easy to use, sleek &amp; unique design, swivel lens, "scene" feature
1	Easy to use, sleek &amp; unique blueprint, swivel Lens, "scene" feature
1	WAP web browsing capabilities
1	WAP WWW browsing capabilities
1	Highly versatile input capabilities, fast text print speed, great print output, intuitive, hp historical reliability.
1	extremely versatile input capableness, fast text print speed, cracking print output, intuitive, hp historical reliability.
1	Speed, Seperate Ink Cartridges, High Quality Text
1	zip, Seperate Ink Cartridges, High Quality Text
0	Slow Wake Up from Energy Saver mode. Power hog. Odd software installs.
0	Slow Wake Up from Energy Saver modality. magnate hog. Odd software installs.
0	uses up ink pretty fast
0	uses up ink pretty dissipated
0	Scanning fairly slow, somewhat difficult to install.
0	Scanning fairly irksome, somewhat difficult to install.
0	picture quality
0	picture tone
1	None come to mind.
1	None derive to mind.
0	Limited Warranty
0	bound Warranty
0	Price, Size
0	damage, Size
1	Fast setup great print quality
1	Fast setup great print lineament
0	Would not recommend this phone.
0	Would not urge this phone.
0	Battery Life &amp;amp; Information Display Accuracy
0	Battery lifespan &amp;amp; Information Display Accuracy
1	Features, battery life
1	sport, battery life
0	Inconvenient headphone/handsfree jack, Price!!
0	Inconvenient headphone/handsfree diddlysquat, Price!!
0	none
0	none
0	Average text quality, speed
0	Average text prime, speed
0	A little slow, runs out of color fast
0	A little slow, runs out of colourize fast
0	Flimsy paper tray lid, expensive ink, colors need software adjustment, duplexer for plain paper only
0	Flimsy theme tray lid, expensive ink, semblance need software adaption, duplexer for plain paper only
1	No pros
1	No pro
1	Color Screen, Price
1	colorize Screen, Price
0	Would be nice if it supported the LS-120's or the FDHD 200 Sony Standard
0	Would be squeamish if it patronise the LS-120's or the FDHD 200 Sony Standard
0	None
0	none
0	Found nothing negative
0	detect nothing negative
0	warrantee
0	warranty
0	None
0	none
1	Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
1	Beautiful sieve & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
1	Small, light, long battery life.
1	Small, light, long battery liveliness.
0	none
0	none
1	2x floppy disk drive and Steady Shot
1	2x floppy disk drive and Steady spud
0	future inkjet costs (so is any other inkjet printer)
0	futurity inkjet costs (so is any other inkjet printer)
0	high battery drain
0	high-pitched battery drain
1	Small, flip phone, easy to use
1	Small, riffle phone, easy to use
0	No zoom, parts of camera are easily breakable
0	No zoom, contribution of camera are easily breakable
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
0	A few fairly small hiccups
0	haven't found any yet!
0	haven't feel any yet!
0	When laid flat the screen can be scratched easily. Antenna is cheap.
0	When lay flat the cover can be scratched easily. Antenna is cheap.
1	Beautiful results!
1	Beautiful effect!
0	Print speed could be better
0	Print quicken could be better
1	no problems figuring out how to use it.
1	no problems cypher out how to use it.
1	Worthy replacement to the 950 and 990.
1	Worthy alternate to the 950 and 990.
1	PIM style phone book, Password protection
1	PIM fashion phone book, Password protection
0	Picture quality not as good as competition's
0	Picture quality not as goodness as competition's
0	none
0	none
0	none
0	none
0	Screen 'bleeds' & customer service (for AT&T as well) is below poor.
0	Screen 'bleeds' & customer service (for AT&MT as well) is below piteous.
0	Buggy firmware.
0	loony firmware.
1	Good sound quality, Large display, openwave mobile web compatible, video/still camera
1	thoroughly sound quality, Large display, openwave mobile web compatible, video/nonetheless camera
0	Battery life, charging problems, low earpiece sound
0	Battery life, charging problems, low earpiece healthy
0	only 2.1MP, no sound in vid clips, slightly annoying GUI
0	only deuce.1MP, no reasoned in vid clips, slightly annoying GUI
1	Hi resolution and manual controls
1	Hi resolution and manual see
0	Expensive, proprietary technology, not enough manual tweaking for pros, one step below professional quality 
0	Expensive, proprietary technology, not enough manual tweaking for pros, unmatched step below professional calibre 
0	Battery was constantly dying
0	Battery was invariably dying
1	It is cool looking
1	It is cool calculate
1	Durable, Small, MP3 player, Stylish
1	Durable, minor, MP3 player, Stylish
1	Print quality, HP customer Service
1	Print quality, HP customer avail
1	Sharp, tiny, great ergonomics, packed with features, BETTER ANTENNA
1	keen, tiny, great ergonomics, packed with features, BETTER ANTENNA
1	Excellent quality, Great Features, Comfortable To Hold!
1	Excellent quality, Great Features, Comfortable To deem!
0	Eats batteries, plan on shelling out more money, Not very high res
0	eats batteries, plan on shelling out more money, non very high res
0	pictures a little grainy
0	film a little grainy
0	Limited stock battery life.
0	Limited gunstock battery life.
0	short battery life, annoying glare, need to restart Mac every time you want to transfer pictures
0	curt battery life, annoying brilliance, need to restart Mac every time you want to change pictures
0	no calander/appointment feature, no alarm
0	no calander/fitting feature, no alarm
1	Low price, flexible connectivity, good paper handling options, high DPI
1	down price, flexible connectivity, good paper handling option, high DPI
1	Monster 10X zoom, compact size, great battery life , , 
1	Monster 10X zoom, compact size, slap-up battery life , , 
0	Expensive, but worth it if it's used a lot
0	Expensive, but worth it if it's used a circle
0	Long lag time to warm up before printing.
0	Long dawdle time to warm up before printing.
1	5 Megapixels, records to mini CD-R/RW discs, Carl Zeiss lens.
1	5 Megapixels, records to mini CD-WO/RW platter, Carl Zeiss lens.
1	Compact, light, and easy to use...
1	Compact, easy, and easy to use...
0	The car base is extra big to put in the middle seat of our volvo.
0	The car base is extra freehanded to put in the mediate posterior of our volvo.
0	little quirks, nothing devastating
0	little quirks, nothing scourge
1	easy, clear, hi-res, mini-video camera too
1	easy, clean, hi-res, mini-video camera too
0	Costly, not necessary for everyone.
0	Costly, not necessity for everyone.
1	Many features for the price and easy to use. 
1	Many features for the price and easy to role. 
1	Great phone, durable, speaker phone
1	large phone, durable, speaker phone
1	Easy to use, affordable, lightweight and convienient.
1	promiscuous to use, affordable, lightweight and convienient.
0	Auto Lens Cover, Limited Warranty, High Labor Rate in months 4-12 of factory Warranty
0	Auto Lens Cover, Limited Warranty, High drudge value in months 4-12 of factory Warranty
1	Fast printing Balck and Color alike; Lots of options; Great Camera Prints
1	Fast printing Balck and Color alike; Lots of pick; groovy Camera Prints
1	Cost, comes out great
1	Cost, comes out peachy
1	I love this entry level digital camera. The pictures are noticeably sharper than the Olympus d-340r (the next camera in its class). My best advice is if you want an entry level digital camera like I did, buy this one. If you want to spend more, buy a more 
1	I bonk this introduction level digital camera. The pictures are noticeably sharpie than the Olympus d-340r (the next camera in its family). My outflank advice is if you deficiency an entry raze digital camera ilk I did, buy this nonpareil. If you want to spend more, buy a more 
0	ringers are a bit quiet,made by cheap plastic parts
0	ringers are a bit hushed,made by cheap plastic role
1	Wide range of features included
1	Wide wander of features included
0	No clock
0	no clock
0	No external caller ID, limited accessories, charger port cover easy to lose.
0	No external caller ID, limited accessories, charger port treat prosperous to lose.
0	8 MB included CF Card is too small
0	8 MB included CF menu is too small
1	great photo quality, fast download via USB
1	great photo prime, fast download via USB
1	Cheap, great quality pictures
1	Cheap, great choice pictures
0	finding a name is bad, Battery life is very small,
0	feel a call is bad, Battery life is very small,
0	no calculator, no games
0	no computer, no games
1	Great paper handling, high quality, high volume
1	majuscule paper handling, high quality, high volume
1	the size is perfect
1	the size is utter
0	8mb card is way to small, price is high, 
0	8mb card is style to small, price is high, 
0	resolution, if you are looking for professional quality, memory stick expense, automatic flash
0	resolution, if you are looking for professional quality, memory stick expense, reflexive dart
0	NO ACCESS MESSAGES
0	no ACCESS MESSAGES
0	Slow printing on higher-quality settings, expensive ink
0	deadening printing on higher-quality settings, expensive ink
0	Joystick Breaks
0	Joystick die
1	Prints, Scans, and Copies
1	Prints, Scans, and simulate
0	nothing really, no web browser, battery
0	nothing rattling, no web browser, battery
1	Price, Quality, Value, Ease of Use
1	Price, Quality, Value, simpleness of Use
1	Easy to use, durable, reliable.
1	Easy to use, undestroyable, reliable.
0	Wish zoom control on top; on/off switch part of mode dial (like Canon EOS)
0	wishing zoom control on top; on/off switch parting of mode dial (corresponding Canon EOS)
1	Everything from Style to Functionality
1	Everything from Style to functionality
0	you need a big hardrive to download photos
0	you need a vainglorious hardrive to download photos
0	Little hard on Batteries
0	lilliputian hard on Batteries
1	Excellent printer it's quite,fast and printing jobs are great.
1	Excellent printer it's quite,fast and impress jobs are big.
0	too small for big hands
0	too small for self-aggrandising hands
1	Light-weight stroller when compared to most.  Easily maneuverable in tight spaces.  Folds easily.
1	Light-weight stroller when compared to most.  Easily maneuverable in miserly spaces.  faithful easily.
0	No 'through the viewfinder" information. Cutting edge technology = painful pricing. Limited enlargements 
0	No 'through the viewfinder" information. contract edge technology = painful pricing. define enlargements 
1	Sexy looking phone, sturdy construction, and exceptional performance.
1	Sexy looking phone, sturdy construction, and exceptional operation.
1	Excellent photo quality on glossy photo paper, seperate ink color cartridges
1	Excellent photo prize on glossy photo paper, seperate ink colorize cartridges
1	This is a fun phone until it breaks.
1	This is a fun phone until it founder.
0	NONE
0	none
0	Video cable not included, slow serial connection to PC, no timer, min resolution too low
0	Video cable not included, wearisome successive connection to PC, no timer, min resolution too modest
1	Very small, long battery life, lots of features, looks cool
1	Very small, long battery liveliness, lot of features, looks cool
1	small, sleek looking, eye catching, simple
1	pocket-size, sleek looking, eye catching, simple
0	Paper roller breaks, faint printing, no USB
0	Paper roller demote, faint printing, no USB
1	Great picture quality and ease of use.
1	Great movie quality and ease of use.
0	No Viewer, LCD Only
0	No Viewer, LCD solely
0	A bit out of date
0	A bite out of date
0	none so far
0	none so FAR
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Precision progress Quality, Very Nice sieve, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Easy to use, great pictures.
1	prosperous to use, great pictures.
0	legal copies, have to pay for help
0	legal copies, have to yield for help
0	Bulky Size
0	bulky Size
1	good for beginners, funky blue design, cheap
1	good for beginners, funky bluing design, cheap
1	Excellent, reliable, economical printing
1	Excellent, reliable, economic printing
1	Good image quality, small and light
1	Good image quality, small and wakeful
1	Price
1	damage
1	Super Photos, long battery life
1	Super Photos, recollective battery life
0	Contracts are written for the company, not the buyer.
0	cut are written for the company, not the buyer.
1	Small, lightweight, blue screen rocks, sound quality, outside display, features
1	Small, lightweight, drear screen rocks, sound character, outside display, features
0	Paper feed, noise, printer driver
0	wallpaper feed, noise, printer driver
1	Portability, Built-In Sheet Feeder
1	Portability, inherent Sheet Feeder
1	Small & compact, packed with features, ability to change covers
1	Small & compact, packed with features, ability to change underwrite
0	None, this is the best camera on the market
0	None, this is the adept camera on the market
0	Flaky hardware, *extremely* sensitive to motion during picture taking, mediocre picture quality.
0	Flaky hardware, *extremely* sensitive to motion during picture contract, mediocre flick quality.
1	Good Talk Time, Camera, compact, flip phone.
1	Good Talk Time, Camera, contract, flip phone.
0	may be too small for some
0	may be too minuscule for some
1	Fast, quiet and good quality
1	Fast, smooth and good quality
1	Ringtones; Pictures; Wallpaper; Screen Savers; Covers;
1	Ringtones; Pictures; Wallpaper; Screen Savers; cover;
0	A little bulky for a phone; no memory slots
0	adenine little bulky for a phone; no memory slots
0	16mb card is to small, and the digital zoom gets fuzzy when printed out.
0	16mb card is to pocket-size, and the digital zoom dumbfound fuzzy when printed out.
0	Bulky, quiet Palm alarm, no jog dial, battery placement, unprotected screen, can't sync with Macintosh
0	Bulky, unruffled palm alarm, no jog dial, battery placement, unprotected filmdom, can't sync with Macintosh
1	Surprisingly good pictures and video from this inexpensive tiny camera.
1	Surprisingly effective film and video from this inexpensive tiny camera.
1	Free with service plan. Doubles as a flashlight.
1	costless with service plan. Doubles as a flashlight.
0	Lack of shutter/aperature control. Complicated menu system for advanced features.
0	Lack of shutter/aperature contain. elaborate menu system for advanced features.
0	Stopped working within a month
0	Stopped lick within a month
0	look
0	attend
0	have not found any yet
0	have not establish any yet
0	Car seat a little bulky
0	Car buns a little bulky
0	Slow shutter, I could use a longer optical zoom
0	Slow shutter, I could expend a longer optical zoom
1	NOT COSTLY
1	NOT dear
0	NO SPEAKER PHONE, NOT DUAL MODE.
0	No SPEAKER PHONE, NOT DUAL MODE.
1	Small size, decent sound quality and battery life, quick and convenient manner mode
1	Small size, decent sound quality and battery spirit, fast and convenient manner mode
0	Size, poor integration ergonomics&#13;&#10;Very weak ringer
0	Size, poor integration ergonomics&#13;&#10;Very unaccented ringer
0	non-intuitive controls, slow serial connection
0	non-intuitive controller, slow serial connection
1	cheap, small, few parts, easy
1	cheap, small, few parting, easy
0	Limited picture adjustment facilities, batteries take an age to charge and run out quickly
0	Limited picture adjustment adroitness, batteries take an age to charge and function out quickly
1	feels like a normal camera, 3.5&amp;quot; disc storage, high resolution, free zip drive
1	experience like a normal camera, triplet.5&amp;quot; disc storage, high resolution, unloosen zip drive
0	limited to existing lens
0	bound to existing lens
0	I haven't found any.
0	I haven't regain any.
1	Compact, versatile, easy to use.
1	Compact, versatile, easy to function.
1	The size of the phone and the options of choice.
1	The size of the headphone and the options of select.
0	no movie mode
0	no flick mode
0	Had to purchase extras
0	let to purchase extras
0	price + upgrades
0	damage + upgrades
1	Very User Friendly, Lightweight, yet durable &amp;amp; excellent picture quality.
1	Very User Friendly, Lightweight, hitherto durable &AMP;amp; excellent picture quality.
1	Very reliable, easy to set up and use, affordable quality...truly a no-brainer!
1	Very reliable, easy to specify up and apply, affordable quality...truly a no-brainer!
1	Games, special rings
1	Games, limited rings
1	Price, Low Warm Up Time, Support
1	Price, Low fond Up Time, Support
1	Voice activated dialing, personalized ring tones, many options
1	Voice activated dialing, personalized ring inflect, many options
1	speed, print and copy quality
1	hurrying, print and copy quality
1	small, lightweight, large backlit buttons, works in the areas where I need it to
1	small, lightweight, large backlit buttons, work in the areas where iodin need it to
1	Cheap buying cost, easy to use, great support
1	Cheap buying cost, easy to manipulation, great support
1	Small and manageable, High quality pictures with good zoom capability.
1	Small and manageable, High quality exposure with unspoilt zoom capability.
0	It doesn't quite recline flat, but it is enough for baby to sleep comfortably.
0	It doesn't quite recline mat, but it is enough for indulge to sleep comfortably.
0	Some limitations might be too much for advanced users to live with.
0	Some limitation might be too much for advance users to live with.
1	Great styling, high quality photos, good battery time, lots of manual features, solid build.
1	Great styling, high quality photos, effective battery time, lots of manual lineament, solid build.
0	Hard to use, lacks features, below average battery, expensive, software SUCKS....
0	Hard to employ, lacks features, below median battery, expensive, software SUCKS....
0	to big, not enough features
0	to big, not enough sport
0	Speakerphone&#13;&#10;Voice Dialing
0	Speakerphone&#XIII;&#10;Voice Dialing
1	big enough for a six year old and a six-pack
1	bragging enough for a six year Old and a six-pack
0	Everything Else
0	Everything Else
0	Side buttons can be a pain
0	Side buttons can be a nuisance
1	Easy to use, quality 4X6 photos, Floppy disk (No USB, no memory sticks)
1	Easy to habit, quality 4X6 photos, Floppy disk (No USB, no memory bond)
0	Ring/Vibrate could be louder/stronger, faceplate dents easily, charger port cover is not tethered to phone.
0	ring/Vibrate could be louder/stronger, faceplate prick easily, charger port extend is not tethered to phone.
1	Lightweight, easy interface, small
1	Lightweight, easy interface, low
0	lots of memos, but rather short in length; no reminders;
0	plenty of memos, but rather short in duration; no reminders;
0	a few problems here and there, but who said I was a technology whiz!
0	a few problems here and there, but who aforementioned I was a engineering whiz!
0	no ac adapter
0	no AC adapter
1	Style,Weight,Features,Reception
1	Style,Weight,Features,response
0	I wish that it was a tad faster when printing photos
0	I wish that it was a shade flying when printing photos
1	Best overall value, solid body, manual settings for advanced use.
1	outdo overall value, solid body, manual settings for advanced habituate.
1	Small. Outer LCD screen.  Voice recognition. Large inside LCD Screen. Sturdy
1	Small. kayoed LCD test.  Voice recognition. Large inside LCD Screen. Sturdy
0	No GPRS, slightly complicated menu structure.
0	No GPRS, slimly complicated menu structure.
1	It is a good quality printer
1	IT is a good quality printer
0	Heavy, big
0	Heavy, boastfully
1	Very nice output. Quiet. Paper feed works well. Full-duplex.
1	Very nice output. Quiet. Paper feed forge well. Full-duplex.
1	Super (the best) macro on the market.
1	Super (the unspoiled) macro on the market.
0	Pricy and over-powered signal strength
0	Pricy and over-powered signalize strength
1	Huge screen, great sound, easy to use, solid
1	Huge screen, great sound, well-situated to use, solid
1	Very simple to use. Photos turn out very clear.
1	Very simple to apply. Photos turn out very clear.
1	Multiple features, Large size for big hands, GREAT image quality
1	Multiple features, Large size for big paw, GREAT see quality
0	None.
0	none.
1	Great price for 2 megapixel, optical zoom camera.
1	swell price for 2 megapixel, optical zoom camera.
0	Large, noisy
0	boastfully, noisy
1	Great quality photo printing
1	Great quality picture printing
0	none
0	none
0	short battery life, poor image quality, doesn't support a floppy diskette
0	short barrage life, poor image quality, doesn't support a floppy floppy
1	You can make a call, generally.
1	You can score a call, generally.
0	Battery life with the included battery
0	barrage life with the included battery
1	Slim Design, Camera, Bluetooth, Internal Antenna, High Res Display.
1	Slim figure, Camera, Bluetooth, Internal Antenna, High Res Display.
1	Cheap, reasonable color, intuitive documentation
1	chinchy, reasonable color, intuitive documentation
1	Pretty Slim, External LCD, External Ring-Silencer
1	Pretty svelte, External LCD, External Ring-Silencer
0	Bulky when folded, difficult to maneuver as children get older, no adult key/drink tray.
0	Bulky when folded, difficult to direct as children commence Old, no adult key/drink tray.
1	Small, Light, Bluetooth, IR, Battery Life, Tri-band
1	Small, wanton, Bluetooth, IR, Battery Life, Tri-band
0	Did not load pictures to PC. Power monster. Display must be On during loading.
0	Did not loading pictures to PC. Power monster. showing must be On during loading.
1	Nice design, neutral color, GREAT photos, Good size memory, USB
1	Nice design, achromatic color, GREAT photos, skilful size memory, USB
1	Great detail, high dpi
1	large detail, high dpi
0	Bad sound quality
0	Bad effectual quality
0	AWFUL reception/signal , quick battery drainage
0	awful reception/signal , quick battery drainage
0	small screen, hard on the hands
0	small screen, concentrated on the hands
0	slow photo printing, expensive replacement cartridges, crooked form feed gets worse with time, massive footprint
0	tiresome photo printing, expensive renewal cartridges, crooked form feed cause worse with time, massive footprint
0	Delay after snapping photo, poor low light photos
0	Delay after snapping photo, poor scurvy light photos
0	SLOW
0	irksome
1	zoom,removable memory card
1	zoom,removable memory wit
0	Not so good picture under low light/night time
0	Not so good figure under low light/night time
0	Limited Supply
0	limited Supply
0	Sometimes won't cancel when you want it to
0	Sometimes won't cancel when you deficiency it to
1	WOW!Great quality pictures!
1	WOW!bully quality pictures!
1	Good optical zoom, RAW mode, Great results, Plenty of user control
1	Good optical zoom, RAW mode, bang-up termination, Plenty of user control
0	Only 2.0 Megapixels
0	Only deuce.0 Megapixels
1	Excellent color prints, separate color cartridges
1	fantabulous color prints, separate color cartridges
0	Software takes some time to master. Some features not usable with networks.
0	Software choose some time to master. Some features not useable with networks.
1	ease of use
1	ease of utilise
1	Clear large screen
1	Clear large riddle
0	Lacks ISO settings / features for more advanced options.
0	Lacks ISO settings / features for more sophisticated options.
0	too long to spool, does not always print
0	too recollective to spool, does not always print
0	Battery Life is the pits!
0	Battery Life is the pitfall!
0	Doesn't have anything special other than just a camera phone.
0	Doesn't have anything exceptional other than just a camera sound.
1	light, easy to use, inexpensive,
1	illumination, easy to use, inexpensive,
0	top loading
0	clear loading
1	Fast, great color and print quality
1	tight, great color and print quality
0	Pretty Basic Model - for more literate
0	pretty Basic Model - for more literate
1	Cheap
1	flashy
0	Worst operating cost of any printer on the market: #15 cartridge is a scam #45.
0	unfit operate cost of any printer on the market: #15 cartridge is a gip #45.
0	None I've found.
0	None I've rule.
0	Ear piece audio,low volume ring tones,hard to remove faceplate,long start up/shutdown time.
0	ear piece audio,downcast volume telephone tones,hard to remove faceplate,long start up/shutdown time.
0	Small 8MB CF card, newer A40 has more features at a similar price
0	minor 8MB CF card, newer A40 has more characteristic at a similar price
1	Good Output,individual color cartridges.
1	beneficial Output,individual color cartridges.
1	Sturdy, easy to use, great features for dollar, most likely, the stroller you will grab and use
1	Sturdy, well-situated to use, big features for dollar, most likely, the stroller you will seize and use
0	Card reader does not work for all digital media; software takes lots of memory. 
0	notice reader does not work for all digital media; software takes lashings of memory. 
0	Non-refillable cartridges
0	Non-refillable pickup
1	Size (small)
1	size (small)
1	Quality Images, Lots of Features, 
1	Quality Images, gobs of Features, 
0	can be a bit confusing
0	can be a bit perplexing
0	Read my opinion
0	say my opinion
1	clear pictures, ease of viewing, great for a first time digital camera owner
1	absolved figure, ease of viewing, great for a first time digital camera owner
0	Ink cartridges are expensive
0	Ink pickup are expensive
1	Nice features, vibrate alert, stores 200 contacts including snail& email addresses
1	Nice features, vibrate spanking, stores 200 liaison including snail& email addresses
0	battery life could be better
0	battery life could be honorable
1	Small, Sleek, Lots of Features, and Lots of Extra's
1	Small, Sleek, mess of Features, and Lots of Extra's
0	none, yet
0	none, even
0	No lens protection, not true 2.1 Megapixels, no optical zoom
0	No lens protection, not true ii.ane Megapixels, no optical zoom
0	Silvery futuristic exterior flakes by just looking at it the wrong way.
0	Silvery futuristic exterior flakes by just looking at it the ill-timed direction.
0	some pictures come out dark, not good for professionals
0	some depiction come out dark, not good for professionals
1	Being able to &amp;quot;contain&amp;quot; an active preschooler
1	Being capable to &amp;quot;hold&amp;quot; an active preschooler
1	Size, styling, quality of pics, different auto settings
1	size, styling, quality of pics, different auto settings
1	Excellent, realistic photographic quality, edge to edge printing + more
1	Excellent, realistic photographic quality, edge to edge publish + more
0	Still unfriendly user interface, smallish display.
0	tranquil unfriendly user interface, smallish display.
0	Only USB connection to computer.
0	lone USB connection to computer.
0	features and clarity are lacking
0	features and clarity are miss
1	A fun camera that takes great pictures.
1	A fun camera that takes swell pictures.
1	Easy to use, many features, compact, good sound and battery life
1	Easy to use, many features, summary, good vocalise and battery life
1	Integrated Palm OS, user interface, battery life
1	Integrated Palm OS, user interface, battery lifetime
0	none
0	none
0	Quality control is lacking
0	timbre control is lacking
1	Looks; LCD; flip-phone; calendar; phonebook; voicedial
1	expect; LCD; flip-phone; calendar; phonebook; voicedial
1	Good amount of features, good battery life
1	Good amount of characteristic, good battery life
0	None
0	none
1	Can see photos right away, very easy to use
1	tin see photos right away, very easy to use
1	Image Quality, CF Card Slot, Flash, USB
1	Image Quality, CF Card Slot, flashgun, USB
1	very good printer
1	very expert printer
0	Lacks the digital camera and Bluetooth
0	deficiency the digital camera and Bluetooth
0	Hard to read display, Ringer needs to be louder.
0	Hard to interpret display, Ringer needs to be louder.
0	No real zoom,slow shutter
0	No real zoom,deadening shutter
1	Continuous advance; Color, B&amp;amp;W, and Sepiatone modes; will take 400 images @ 1600x1200 with Microdrive
1	Continuous feeler; Color, B&amp;A;W, and Sepiatone modes; will guide 400 images @ 1600x1200 with Microdrive
1	great sound quality, quality camera, customization
1	groovy sound quality, quality camera, customization
1	great photo quality
1	great photograph quality
1	Photo quality prints, quiet
1	Photo quality prints, smooth
0	only had mine for 4 days but no cons (it's excellent)
0	only had mine for quartet days but no bunco (it's excellent)
1	Quality pictures for a reasonable price.
1	Quality visualize for a reasonable price.
1	Easy to install, clear printing, true color.
1	Easy to install, clear printing, true coloration.
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Great clarity, tons of options, Internet/email capable.
1	Great clarity, dozens of options, Internet/email capable.
1	does almost anything
1	does near anything
1	Using a floppy disk then being able to use on the computer makes it easy.
1	utilize a floppy disk then being able to use on the computer urinate it sluttish.
1	Inexpensive.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Takes excellent pictures.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great screen for preview viewing.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB-enabled and ComactFlash.
1	Inexpensive.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;contain fantabulous show.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;dandy screen for preview view.&amp;#13;&amp;#tenner;USB-enabled and ComactFlash.
0	Jam, jam, this printer jams horribly and the error coding system is ridiculous!
0	Jam, fix, this printer jams horribly and the erroneousness coding system is ridiculous!
0	Printer cable not included.
0	printer cable not included.
1	Great Picture Quality; Easy to use software and hardware; Not too expensive; Many picture-taking options.
1	Great characterization prize; wanton to use software and hardware; Not too expensive; Many picture-taking options.
1	Great pictures with great exposure.
1	Great pictures with great photo.
0	Plastic Face plates!
0	Plastic cheek plates!
1	Low Price, Excellent image, reliable
1	low-pitched Price, Excellent image, reliable
0	the latch for the compactflash card could be a little more sturdy
0	the latch for the compactflash placard could be a piffling more sturdy
1	Inexpensive, good quality, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, sound quality, easy to use
0	Not the Quality of my old Nokia, Soft plastic case damages easily, poor photos
0	Not the Quality of my one-time Nokia, Soft moldable case damages easily, poor photos
0	Breaks when dropped on ceramic tiles
0	Breaks when overlook on ceramic tiles
1	Saves time going to the Kodak picture copy machine at the drug store.
1	Saves time blend to the Kodak envision copy machine at the drug store.
1	folds up and opens very easily, is very light
1	crease up and opens very easily, is very light
0	Poor Microphone Quality, No Games, Poor Battery Status Notification
0	miserable Microphone Quality, No Games, Poor Battery Status Notification
0	Ink Cartridges Are Over Priced
0	Ink Cartridges are Over Priced
1	Quality pictures, compact, easy to use
1	Quality pictures, compact, slowly to use
1	2 important modes- manual &amp; automatic
1	2 important modes- manual &amp; automatonlike
0	truly the only con, Don't apply the canon photo to it 
0	really the only victimize, Don't apply the canon photo to it 
0	large and long, like pumping iron to steer the thing with a kid on board
0	large and long, comparable pumping iron to steer the thing with a kidskin on table
0	Limited zoom range, limited to 400ISO, not constant aperture zoom.
0	Limited zoom crop, limited to 400ISO, not changeless aperture zoom.
1	appearance and design, Bluetooth capability, speakerphone, brilliant display
1	appearance and conception, Bluetooth capability, speakerphone, brilliant display
1	Takes very good pictures, probably the most well-rounded 2 megapixel camera out there
1	fill very good impression, probably the most well-rounded 2 megapixel camera out there
0	ghosting still occurs
0	ghosting smooth occurs
0	A little bulky compared to new phones
0	A little bulky compared to new sound
1	Small, cute
1	minor, cute
1	perfect clarity, wide range of plans available, small and compact
1	thoroughgoing clarity, wide range of programme available, small and compact
0	Not support IBM microdrive
0	Not endure IBM microdrive
1	Easy to use
1	easily to use
0	none
0	none
1	Copier, scanner, printer all in one fairly quiet HP machine
1	Copier, scanner, printer all in one jolly serenity HP machine
0	proprietal hands-free jack
0	proprietal hands-free doodly-squat
0	Everyone wants to use it!  I can barely find time to use it!
0	Everyone wants to use it!  I can barely find meter to employment it!
1	Photo quality, features
1	Photo quality, feature
0	clip on it does not stay hooked to what ever you clip it on
0	trim on it does not stay nobble to what ever you clip it on
0	Low volume, irritating buzzing noise, poor batt life
0	Low volume, irritating buzzing noise, poor batt liveliness
0	Lousy speaker sound; takes long to boot up from off position.
0	Lousy speaker sound; take long to boot up from off posture.
1	Great price,Great color
1	Great price,gravid color
1	Great pictures, easy to use, good price
1	Great pictures, easy to use, safe price
0	noise
0	interference
1	simple, quick!
1	simpleton, quick!
0	Spotty Bluetooth performance with latest firmware, limited software library
0	Spotty Bluetooth performance with latest firmware, restrict software library
1	fast, great resolution
1	fast, outstanding resolution
0	Poor high gloss photo support, poor borderless prints support &amp; no smoothing mechanism for photos.
0	hapless high gloss photo livelihood, poor borderless prints livelihood &amp; no smoothing mechanism for photos.
0	Speed
0	fastness
1	Expandable memory card slot, print-quality resolution
1	Expandable memory card slot, print-quality resolving
1	small size, load of features
1	modest size, load of features
1	Nice color screen
1	Nice color riddle
0	uses a lot of batteries, small memory
0	consumption a lot of batteries, small memory
0	Poor Battery Life and no AC Adapter Included
0	Poor Battery Life and no AC transcriber Included
0	non-expandable memory, poor bluetooth, short battery life
0	non-expandable memory, misfortunate bluetooth, short battery life
1	Excellent little mobile with an added extra, a built-in Camera!!
1	excellent piffling mobile with an added extra, a built-in Camera!!
0	Diopter could use a wider range of adjustment.
0	Diopter could role a wider range of adjustment.
0	not much zoom capability, serial uplink 
0	not often zoom capability, serial uplink 
1	Easy to use, takes clear pictures, no developing fees, and you can send pictures online!
1	sluttish to use, withdraw clear pictures, no developing fees, and you can send figure online!
1	small, voice dial, exterior ID screen, easy menu screens
1	small, voice dial, exterior ID covert, easy menu screens
0	Not the best photo printer, flimsy design
0	Not the best photo printer, flimsy intent
0	haven't found any yet 
0	haven't happen any yet 
1	Reception. Battery Life. Easy to read display. Sync with PC software. Durability.
1	Reception. Battery Life. slowly to read display. Sync with PC software. strength.
0	A few Minor  Compatibility Concerns
0	A few child  Compatibility Concerns
1	Voice dialing, name dialing - no difficulty recognizing speech
1	Voice dialing, appoint dialing - no difficulty recognizing speech
0	Goes through batteries rather quickly.
0	decease through batteries rather quickly.
1	Small, stylish, external caller ID, nice ringers, good battery life
1	Small, stylish, external phoner ID, nice toller, good battery life
0	No major complaints.
0	No major ill.
0	Large size.
0	tumid size.
0	lack of genuine PCL langauge support but Samsung printer language seems to be good enough.
0	lack of genuine PCL langauge endorse but Samsung printer language look to be right enough.
1	Compact and easy to open and close.
1	Compact and tardily to open and close.
1	Hi resolution screen is easy to read.
1	Hi resolution screen is easy to scan.
1	Nice design, excellent quality (on quality paper), good price
1	Nice design, excellent quality (on quality paper), full price
1	Size
1	sizing
1	easy to use, offers basic features, very durable, good where digital service isn't available
1	comfortable to use, offers basic features, very durable, honorable where digital service isn't available
1	Speedy, excellent quality
1	Speedy, fantabulous quality
1	light weight, AIM, Yahoo features, compact design!
1	light weight, intention, Yahoo features, compact design!
1	Does it all. And in color
1	coif it all. And in color
0	Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
0	Too uncollectible you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
1	bluetooth good looking easy use
1	bluetooth skillful looking easy use
0	Poor photo quality
0	Poor photo timbre
0	user friendly???
0	user favorable???
0	No zoom
0	No soar
1	Color screen, excellent battery life, endless features
1	Color covert, excellent battery life, endless features
1	THE Complete system: car-seat, infant carrier, infant &amp; toddler stroller. Easy to use.
1	THE Complete scheme: car-seat, infant carrier, infant &amp; toddler stroller. Easy to practice.
0	paper handling 
0	composition handling 
1	Cheap, easy to use, good output, great software, cheap ink refills
1	Cheap, easy to use, good output, nifty software, tacky ink refills
1	1) Amazing battery life..it runs and runs...
1	1) Amazing battery life..it runs and ladder...
0	I need a bigger desk
0	I want a bigger desk
1	many features,large screen, small, lightwieght,
1	many features,large covert, small, lightwieght,
0	Mediocre signal strength
0	Mediocre signal enduringness
0	Have to buy new ink cartridges.
0	sustain to buy new ink cartridges.
0	no games
0	no back
0	Signal indicator too optimistic, cumbersome interface for advanced features
0	Signal indicator too optimistic, cumbersome interface for advanced lineament
1	Flexible, comfortable, quick, capable.
1	Flexible, comfortable, ready, capable.
1	Space saver, high quality printing
1	Space saver, high timbre printing
0	Paper mis-feeds paper occasionally
0	wallpaper mis-feeds paper occasionally
0	none
0	none
1	Price
1	toll
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
0	both cameras are speculative quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, frail vibrate
0	Doesn't have a zoom lens, batteries need to be charged frequently
0	Doesn't have a zoom lense, bombardment need to be charged frequently
0	No optical zoom
0	No visual zoom
1	Fairly small, lots of features.
1	Fairly small, lots of have.
0	USB, Power Consumption
0	USB, Power intake
1	Features, looks, I really love the phone.
1	Features, looks, I really bed the phone.
0	so-so battery life.
0	so-so barrage life.
1	Pocketable; easy to whip out and shoot.
1	Pocketable; easy to whip out and take.
0	Rear feed, absence of "no border" printing, paper tray is clumsy (marginal complaint)
0	rearward feed, absence of "no adjoin" printing, paper tray is clumsy (marginal complaint)
0	Everything else
0	Everything else
1	Size, flexible batteries
1	Size, flexible battery
0	No GPRS, polyphonic ring tones, bluetooth; heavy/bulky, poor phone performance; US only
0	nobelium GPRS, polyphonic ring tones, bluetooth; heavy/bulky, poor phone performance; u only
0	Needs a on &amp;amp; off switch for flash
0	Needs a on &amp;amp; off switch for cheap
1	very robust, quick response from keyboard
1	very robust, flying response from keyboard
0	Settings are difficult to navigate, Computer software is weak
0	context are difficult to navigate, Computer software is weak
1	Great pictures, very easy to use, excellent software, brilliant color. 
1	Great see, very easy to employ, excellent software, brilliant color. 
1	Easy to use, AUTO Focus, Fast Downloads to computer, fantastic pictures, excellent price
1	Easy to use, AUTO concentrate, dissolute Downloads to computer, fantastic pictures, excellent price
1	Small, 2way radio is great, easy to read
1	Small, 2way radio is great, easy to understand
0	Old technology.  Obsolete and useless web browser
0	previous technology.  Obsolete and useless web browser
0	Internal memory small, camera case not include
0	Internal memory small, camera eccentric not include
0	Complexity, the manual, no type 2 memory slot and included software
0	Complexity, the manual, no character 2 retentiveness slot and included software
0	1.3 Megapixle.  Open close mechanisim for sometimes pinches lense barrel.
0	1.3 Megapixle.  undefendable tightlipped mechanisim for sometimes pinches lense barrel.
0	Expensive to operate, slow, some reliability issues
0	Expensive to operate, slacken, some reliability issues
1	It does the job, doesn't take up a lot of space, and is relatively cable-free.
1	It does the task, doesn't conduct up a administer of space, and is relatively cable-free.
1	Ease of use, price
1	rest of use, price
1	12 ppm, 600x 600 resolution, AFFORDABLE!
1	XII ppm, 600x 600 resolution, AFFORDABLE!
0	cost
0	price
0	17 lbs, high price tag ($300), takes up whole trunk in our mid-size car.
0	seventeen lbs, high price tag ($300), ask up whole trunk in our mid-size car.
1	Slim design & strong vibrate feature
1	Slim blueprint & strong vibrate feature
0	NONE
0	none
1	Perfect size, Features, Customizable, Battery, Reception
1	Perfect size, Features, Customizable, bombardment, Reception
1	Nice
1	decent
0	Slow recording on floppy, focus control, red-eye reduction, cost
0	Slow recording on floppy, direction control, red-eye reduction, cost
1	Great shots, ultra-small, aluminum body
1	slap-up shots, ultra-small, aluminum body
1	easy to use, not too expensive
1	easy to usance, not too expensive
0	A bit slow and noisy
0	A bit dull and noisy
1	Many
1	many
1	High quality camera. GPS. WIFI. Light, compact design. Easy to sync.
1	High quality camera. GPS. WIFI. Light, contract project. Easy to sync.
0	Location of Lens
0	positioning of Lens
0	Short battery life, LED almost useless outdoors
0	little battery life, LED almost useless outdoors
1	clear printing, paper doesn't jam, reasonably priced toner &amp; drum, easy to use
1	clear printing, paper doesn't jam, sanely priced toner &amp; drum, leisurely to use
0	Was very hard to set up. Still haven't gotten it done. 
0	Was very hard to set up. tranquillize haven't beget it done. 
0	Slow between pictures
0	tedious between pictures
0	Feeder gets worn out after a while
0	Feeder gets weary out after a while
1	Great deal on a very sharp phone!
1	Great deal on a very piercing phone!
1	Quality of printing
1	prize of printing
0	SLOW! Unresponsive and fiddly to use, red-eye, picture geometry problems
0	deadening! Unresponsive and fiddly to use, red-eye, show geometry problems
1	Good display & camera.Good Looks.
1	well display & camera.Good Looks.
0	about 50$ a battery
0	about l$ a battery
1	Great feel, camera, nice look.
1	Great flavour, camera, nice look.
0	Rear case material, lens cover, raw image converter software
0	Rear case material, lens cover, raw persona converter software
1	colored ink, cartridge easy to replace
1	colourize ink, cartridge easy to replace
1	Small, useful, good printing quality, inexpensive
1	Small, useful, good printing lineament, inexpensive
1	Weight, Voice Notes, New Phone Book, Address Book, and JAVA!
1	Weight, Voice Notes, New Phone Koran, Address hold, and JAVA!
1	Easy to handle, great funstionality, great resolution
1	Easy to handle, great funstionality, groovy resolution
1	compact, very sharp, accurate color
1	heavyset, very sharp, accurate color
1	Great phone, easy to use, takes great pictures.
1	Great phone, easy to use, occupy great pictures.
0	Cartridge Price; Paper Handling
0	Cartridge Price; wallpaper Handling
0	Not very durable
0	Not very long-lasting
0	needs a case to come with it; hard to see photo in sunlight
0	needs a case to occur with it; hard to realize photo in sunlight
1	size, weight, lens
1	size, weightiness, lens
0	Nonexistent reception, nonexistent reception, and also nonexistent reception!!!!
0	Nonexistent reception, nonexistent response, and also nonexistent reception!!!!
0	very slow photo printing, ink cartridge cost
0	very slow photo print, ink cartridge cost
1	Phone / PDA in 1 / sturdy / sound quality Nice
1	Phone / PDA in 1 / sturdy / sound quality dainty
0	will not stay closed, extra work needed to position (optional) car seat for newborns
0	will not detain closed, extra work needed to office (optional) car seat for newborns
0	No zoom, no flash, bad viewfinder, old.
0	No zoom, no flash, spoilt viewfinder, old.
1	Good quality printing
1	near quality printing
1	Size, weight, large display, stylish
1	Size, weight, declamatory display, stylish
0	batteries die quickly, need AC adapter for best results..
0	batteries die quickly, need AC adapter for dependable results..
0	no "real" tones, no loudspeaker
0	no "real" chant, no loudspeaker
1	GREAT PHONE, Lots OF FEATuRES, Multiple Rings, VIBRATE ALeRT!!
1	GREAT PHONE, Lots OF lineament, Multiple Rings, VIBRATE ALeRT!!
0	Not the fastest or most powerful
0	Not the fastest or most sinewy
0	Cheap antenna, buttons a little hard to push, not a TON of features
0	Cheap antenna, buttons a piffling voiceless to push, not a TON of features
1	Fantastic Color Output
1	Fantastic Color production
0	goes through ink quickly and is very loud
0	work through ink quickly and is very loud
1	Relatively Cheap, Memory Stick Reader/Writer Drive, Ease of Use
1	Relatively Cheap, storage Stick Reader/Writer motor, Ease of Use
1	Unlimited ability to take photos, sharp, crisp, easy to use, Macro ability
1	Unlimited ability to adopt exposure, sharp, crisp, easy to use, Macro ability
0	Slightly big in size and weird number pad layout.
0	Slightly big in size and weird number domiciliation layout.
1	Great zoom capacity, intuitive menu structure, high quality images, great value
1	Great zoom content, intuitive menu structure, high quality simulacrum, great value
0	4MB memory stick is low for a 2.1Mpixels camera. No viewfinder missing.
0	4MB retention stick is low for a 2.1Mpixels camera. No viewfinder overleap.
1	Small, lightweight, great reception, and usable features.  Changeable Faceplates!
1	pocket-sized, lightweight, great reception, and usable features.  Changeable Faceplates!
1	Great Value for the $$$.  Excellent entry-level 3MP digital camera
1	cracking Value for the $$$.  Excellent entry-level 3MP digital camera
1	daytime shots, privacy, no waiting to see result, instantly can be sent over Internet
1	daytime shots, privacy, no waiting to construe result, instantly can be sent over net
0	Price, pretty wide, need to create new phone entries for voice dialing
0	Price, pretty wide, need to create new earphone launching for voice dialing
0	Need adapter for fast downloads, no zoom
0	Need adapter for fast download, no zoom
0	Acts strange sometimes, takes too much space on desk
0	Acts strange sometimes, conduct too much space on desk
0	horrible battery life, has a few minor annoyances
0	horrible battery life, has a few pocket-size annoyances
0	No Profiles, RF performance, slow menus.
0	No Profiles, RF performance, irksome menus.
1	not bulky like double strollers, not constricting for older kids
1	not bulky wish two-bagger strollers, not constricting for older kids
0	Camera "freezes" while gets ready to focus.  (Also, can't delete photos off disks.)
0	Camera "freezes" while gravel ready to focus.  (Also, can't erase photos off disks.)
1	lightweight, fits thru standard doorway
1	whippersnapper, fits thru standard doorway
1	Great picture quality
1	nifty picture quality
0	weird charging issue
0	weird charging supply
0	Junky, plastic, falls apart, BREAKS REALLY EASILY!
0	Junky, plastic, falls apart, burst REALLY EASILY!
1	Bluetooth, Full of features, Large Display
1	Bluetooth, Full of features, orotund Display
1	Photorealistic prints, Price, Quality
1	Photorealistic prints, Price, calibre
1	Excellent Quality - both camera and photos
1	fantabulous Quality - both camera and photos
1	once warmed up, relatively quick for home use
1	once warmed up, relatively flying for home use
1	crisp, clear photo realistic prints
1	crisp, clean-cut photo realistic prints
0	eats up batteries (as most digital cameras do)
0	corrode up batteries (as most digital cameras do)
1	Reasonably priced, good reception, internal antenna
1	Reasonably priced, good reception, inner antenna
0	A little slow?
0	A little sluggish?
0	complex Menu, long Antenna, nasty back light colors, no charge/sync cradle in box.
0	complex Menu, long Antenna, nasty punt sparkle colors, no charge/sync cradle in box.
0	Unreliable, Poor quality control, ridiculous view finder, weak flash
0	Unreliable, Poor quality controller, ridiculous view finder, weak flash
0	Not user friendly.  Buzzing sound while on a call.
0	Not user friendly.  Buzzing sound while on a telephone.
1	Convenient and Tough
1	Convenient and ruffianly
1	Size, battery, features, FEATURES, tons of capabilities
1	Size, battery, lineament, FEATURES, tons of capabilities
0	design isn't on par with other Epson printers
0	purpose isn't on par with other Epson printers
1	overall appearance, keyboard, camera, mp3 ringtones
1	boilersuit appearance, keyboard, camera, mp3 ringtones
1	Tiny and lightweight but good build quality. Easy to use, fast startup, very clear LCD.
1	Tiny and lightweight but salutary build quality. promiscuous to usance, fast startup, very clear LCD.
1	Nice design, all metal casing
1	Nice design, all metallic casing
1	Looks AMAZING, Works Great, Impresses People
1	Looks AMAZING, workings Great, Impresses People
1	nice color, easy, compact, uses CF, AA battery and USB, long exposure
1	nice coloration, easy, compact, apply CF, AA battery and USB, long exposure
0	See description below
0	discover description below
1	Scanning, Printing, faxing, copying
1	Scanning, impression, faxing, copying
1	Excellent low light images. Long battery life with good NiMH's. 3x optical zoom. Manual mode.
1	Excellent gloomy light images. hanker battery life with good NiMH's. 3x optical whizz. Manual mode.
0	Bad service, terrible navigation, confusing to use
0	Bad service, horrific navigation, confusing to use
1	Standard interface, sharp color screen, nice features, clarity and good range
1	Standard interface, sharp colourise screen, nice features, clarity and commodity range
1	Just about the best phone I've had yet, guess the seventh times a charm.
1	Just about the best phone I've had yet, judge the one-seventh times a charm.
1	Price
1	cost
1	Low price, good picture quality, ease of use.
1	Low price, good picture quality, ease of utilisation.
1	The day i gave it back to my cell phone company
1	The day i sacrifice it back to my cell earphone company
1	Very sexy package, great sharp text
1	Very sexy parcel, great sharp text
1	Cheap
1	tawdry
1	Does everything well.  Works, has clear documentation.
1	Does everything well.  bring, has clear documentation.
1	Hmm well does not break when falls
1	Hmm well does not break when flow
1	World phone / Bluetooth / large phone book / data (WAP). Iconic Design!
1	universe phone / Bluetooth / large phone book / data (WAP). Iconic contrive!
0	Price
0	price
0	Lack of Windows2000 Drivers, No Zoom
0	Lack of Windows2000 driver, No Zoom
1	Impressive color display. Attractive case. 8MB of memory. Good phone features.
1	Impressive colourize display. Attractive example. 8MB of memory. Good phone features.
1	Cool look, great features
1	Cool look, expectant features
0	Serial Port Connection, Rapid Battery Drain (due to brilliant LCD), small 8MB card included
0	Serial Port Connection, speedy Battery Drain (due to brilliant LCD), small 8MB carte included
0	Case not very durable and antenna is flimsy
0	Case not very durable and feeler is flimsy
1	Does not pull to the side, runs straight as an arrow, super lightweight
1	perform not pull to the side, escape straight as an arrow, super lightweight
0	none
0	none
0	bigger than most, heavy.... thats about it
0	bigger than most, grueling.... thats about it
0	Extremely easy to damage, Canon customer support is terrible
0	Extremely easy to scathe, Canon customer support is terrible
0	The instruction manual is a little vague.what the soft keys are for..
0	The command manual is a little wispy.what the soft keys are for..
1	Stylish, maneuverable, lightweight.  Easy to store
1	Stylish, maneuverable, lightweight.  well-situated to store
0	envelopes a bit tricky &amp;amp; slower
0	envelopes a minute tricky &amp;amp; slower
1	Worked good on old Win98 PC
1	play good on old Win98 PC
1	High Quality 5MP Pictures, Solid Body &amp; Easy Controls
1	High Quality 5MP Pictures, Solid torso &amp; Easy Controls
0	Original memory to small
0	Original retentiveness to small
1	great picture quality, easy to use, inexpensive, many functions
1	capital picture quality, easy to use, inexpensive, many functions
1	Unique;add photos to contact numbers; waterproof
1	unparalleled;add photos to contact numbers; waterproof
0	None
0	none
0	I have had the original and two replacements lockup and fail
0	I have had the master and two replacing lockup and fail
1	Attractive styling, many features, customizable ring tones
1	Attractive styling, many features, customizable halo tones
1	Excellent, photo realistic printing with optional photo cartridge.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Overall value for the money.
1	splendid, photo realistic printing with optional photo cartridge.&ampere;#XIII;&amp;#10;Price.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Overall rate for the money.
1	Picture Quality, Features, battery life
1	film Quality, Features, battery life
1	Good design, large enough to press the right buttons
1	Good design, large enough to exhort the right buttons
0	cost
0	toll
1	Compact, direct connect is nice.
1	Compact, lineal connect is nice.
0	None
0	none
0	2 Printhead repairs in 1year - Nozzle Cleaning drained all cartridges in 5min
0	2 Printhead repairs in 1year - Nozzle Cleaning debilitate all magazine in 5min
0	the lio battery is too expensive and isn't strong enough for this camera.
0	the lio battery is too expensive and isn't unattackable decent for this camera.
1	convenient, safe carseat, comfort
1	convenient, rubber carseat, comfort
1	Great quality photos without having to use the PC, easy to use, reasonable price.
1	keen quality photos without having to use the PC, well-situated to use, reasonable price.
0	Not the highest quality.
0	Not the high quality.
1	Slick looking, great menu interface, good features, great reception everywhere
1	slick expect, great menu interface, good features, great reception everywhere
1	Lightweight, easy to install
1	Lightweight, easily to install
1	Good quality pictures, rugged camera and USB connectivity.
1	Good caliber pictures, rugged camera and USB connectivity.
1	Full of well organized features.
1	total of well organized features.
0	The holster is terrible compared to the Star-Tac.
0	The holster is frightening compared to the Star-Tac.
1	Great screen, good features, sharp design. Tons of customizability.
1	Great screen, commodity features, sharp design. Tons of customizability.
1	Small, light and easy progamming
1	Small, light and well-off progamming
0	battery life, flash too strong with artificial lights, long time between shots.
0	battery life, flash too strong with artificial dismount, tenacious time between shots.
1	Ergonomics; Sound quality; Reception; Aesthetically pleasing; User interface; Trimode CDMA
1	Ergonomics; good caliber; Reception; Aesthetically pleasing; User interface; Trimode CDMA
0	Decides to go crazy sometimes, printing obscure things.
0	Decides to go wild sometimes, printing obscure things.
0	Viewfinder impossible to use outside with sun glasses, and difficult without them
0	Viewfinder impossible to expend outside with sun methamphetamine, and difficult without them
0	A little slower than I would like.
0	A picayune slower than I would like.
1	Prints at a decent speed, , Great print quality,  , USB port compatible
1	Prints at a decent amphetamine, , smashing print quality,  , USB port compatible
1	Long Battery Life, User friendly features, 
1	foresightful Battery Life, User friendly features, 
0	Night indoor photos don't look good
0	Night indoor photos don't look salutary
1	Low cost, good quality, reliable
1	moo cost, good quality, reliable
1	decent reception
1	decorous reception
0	Short battery life
0	dead battery life
0	poor quality
0	short quality
1	Small size, lightweight
1	belittled size, lightweight
1	Easy to use, good price,  its a NIKON, excellent features
1	sluttish to use, good price,  its a NIKON, excellent have
1	Comes with software, good price, excellent pictures.
1	Comes with software, just price, excellent pictures.
0	A few minor quirks detailed in the review
0	axerophthol few minor quirks detailed in the review
1	Superior quality for the low cost
1	Superior quality for the low-toned cost
1	sharp details, instant satisfaction
1	precipitous details, instant satisfaction
0	underexposes without flash, battery life, price, no AC adaptor!
0	underexposes without fanfare, battery life, price, no AC adaptor!
0	need extra battery, memory.
0	indigence extra battery, memory.
0	Battery recharges directly on camera.
0	Battery recharges straight on camera.
0	big stroller
0	adult stroller
0	Expensive
0	expensive
1	excellent, easy to use digital that will give you professional results for a small price
1	excellent, well-off to use digital that will commit you professional results for a pocket-size price
0	small toggle switch easy to activate wrong function
0	small toggle switch easy to activate amiss function
1	Light Weight, Stylish, Alluminum paint finish
1	Light Weight, Stylish, Alluminum paint cultivation
0	less pixels than other models, so less picture quality when printed out
0	less pixels than other models, so less photo calibre when printed out
1	A heckuva deal for a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
1	A heckuva handle for a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
1	Easy to use and sturdy.
1	Easy to purpose and sturdy.
0	battery guzzler, low zoom range, low power flash
0	battery guzzler, low zoom tramp, low power flash
0	Not compatible with Windows XP
0	Not compatible with window XP
1	Very small and compact.
1	Very pocket-sized and compact.
1	Chic, classy...can fit in your pocket, bag etc..Colorful..
1	chicness, classy...can fit in your pocket, bag etc..colored..
0	Call volume bad, no alarm cock
0	Call volume bad, no alarm pecker
0	limited record capacity, bulky, doesn't make HQ prints at low res.
0	set record capacity, bulky, doesn't make HQ prints at small res.
1	Good battery life, nice keys, bluetooth
1	skilful battery life, nice keys, bluetooth
1	The lights, the battery life, the pictures.
1	The lights, the battery life, the characterization.
1	compact, VERY USER FRIENDLY, customer support
1	contract, VERY USER FRIENDLY, customer support
0	None
0	none
1	Feels good, solid, nice screen and easy to use
1	Feels good, solid, nice screen and loose to use
1	Small, compact, fits in pocket
1	Small, compact, outfit in pocket
0	Eats Batteries if you use the rear viewer a lot.
0	Eats shelling if you use the rear viewer a bunch.
0	none that I've found
0	none that I've bump
0	Short Battery Life; Slow Download
0	Short Battery aliveness; Slow Download
0	Price tag
0	Price tail
1	Cheap, Easy To Use, Good Picture Quality
1	Cheap, Easy To Use, thoroughly Picture Quality
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the revue.
1	Picture quality, extras that come in the box (wireless remote, battery), hotshoe
1	Picture quality, extras that total in the box (radiocommunication remote, battery), hotshoe
0	Problems with USB connection
0	Problems with USB joining
0	Kind of bulky
0	kind of bulky
1	Cheap, works well for a single user
1	chintzy, works well for a single user
0	Big size
0	bounteous size
0	did not come with a/c adaptor
0	did not descend with a/c adaptor
1	Bluetooth and IR, nice screen format, camera takes good pictures, fancy look, ringtones, tri-band
1	Bluetooth and IR, squeamish sieve format, camera takes good pictures, fancy look, ringtones, tri-band
1	Ethernet capable, fast, high resolution output
1	Ethernet capable, quick, high resolution output
0	Lens doesn't Last.
0	Lens doesn't survive.
1	features, works on low signal
1	features, mold on low signal
1	Multiple functions, easy to install, easy to use.  A four-in-one marvel.
1	Multiple functions, easy to install, slowly to use.  amp four-in-one marvel.
1	Small size, metal casing, weather proof
1	little size, metal casing, weather proof
1	Form factor, PDA features, Internet access
1	mold factor, PDA features, Internet access
1	Cheap and easy to use.
1	tinny and easy to use.
0	It broke and I don't know why
0	IT broke and I don't know why
1	huh? none now with a better camera out
1	huh? none now with a adept camera out
0	Speakerphone is very sensitive, sometimes hard to hear.
0	Speakerphone is very sensitive, sometimes grueling to hear.
0	None
0	none
0	It is unattractive and cheap looking
0	It is unattractive and tinny looking
1	Nice quality pictures; Easy to use
1	Nice quality pictures; sluttish to use
0	Ink cartridges are pricey
0	Ink magazine are pricey
1	Battery Life and Design
1	Battery Life and intention
1	Incredible images. Numerous features. Good optics. Nikon name.
1	Incredible images. Numerous features. unspoilt optics. Nikon name.
0	no 8x10's, somewhat long term expensive
0	no 8x10's, somewhat farseeing term expensive
1	Good picture quality for JPG compression
1	adept picture quality for JPG compression
0	Slow software, quiet SMS notification
0	slowly software, quiet SMS notification
1	good quality
1	serious quality
1	Great reception, easy to learn how to use.
1	Great reception, easy to see how to use.
0	Size, Connection reliability with XP, Ink Usage and Cost
0	Size, Connection reliability with XP, Ink Usage and be
1	More features than you will ever need for a point and shoot.
1	More features than you will ever pauperism for a head and shoot.
0	Antenna, not many options, text messaging
0	aerial, not many options, text messaging
1	easy to use
1	wanton to use
1	Great concept
1	heavy concept
0	not as sturdy or comfortable as the more cumbersome strollers
0	not as sturdy or well-heeled as the more cumbersome pram
1	Very easy to use, inexpensive, multiple resolutions, versatile
1	Very easygoing to use, inexpensive, multiple resolutions, versatile
0	Eats batteries, no optical zoom
0	Eats bombardment, no optical zoom
1	cheap and small, color faxing
1	cheap and small, colouring faxing
0	Rechargeable battery doesn't seem to hold charge from docking station.  
0	Rechargeable battery doesn't seem to concur excite from docking station.  
0	reliability, bulky
0	dependableness, bulky
1	Got it for a "STEAL", and the quality is fabulous
1	have it for a "STEAL", and the calibre is fabulous
1	Versatility, features, picture quality, vibrant color
1	Versatility, features, picture quality, vibrant colouring
0	Unreliable, unusable images at times
0	Unreliable, unusable images at time
0	horrible digital zoom-battery life low-shutter lags-top controls dim
0	horrible digital zoom-battery life low-shutter lags-top controls obtuse
1	decent battery life.
1	right battery life.
0	Charger
0	courser
0	Paper feed is poorly placed, maintenance is costly.
0	Paper feed is poorly range, maintenance is costly.
0	Constant paper jams, color cartridges cost way to  much. 
0	Constant paper jams, colour cartridges cost way to  much. 
1	Lots of promising features, but...
1	spate of promising features, but...
0	The way it opens. Battery length
0	The way it opens. Battery distance
0	single-cart, not for home office use
0	single-cart, not for place office use
1	intuitive, user friendly
1	intuitive, user well-disposed
1	Low or no cost!! (After Rebate)
1	Low or no cost!! (after Rebate)
1	Excellent photo quality. PC slot for card adapter.
1	Excellent photo quality. PC slot for card adaptor.
0	Dropped calls, phone shuts off for no reason
0	swing calls, phone shuts off for no reason
0	Not loud enough, distorted-
0	Not loud decent, distorted-
1	Good Price
1	effective Price
1	Excellent picture quality. 8MB card included (up to 122 photos); unbelievable price
1	Excellent picture calibre. 8MB card admit (up to 122 photos); unbelievable price
0	if you are looking for a professional quality than this isn't recommended
0	if you are seem for a professional select than this isn't recommended
1	Easy to Use.  Lightweight.  Tough shell.  Optical Zoom.
1	Easy to Use.  Lightweight.  yobo shell.  Optical Zoom.
1	Stylish and lightweight, easy to use with infant carriers
1	Stylish and lightweight, easy to use with baby carriers
0	No stabilization, Eats batteries, Small included card, No focus assist
0	No stabilization, consume batteries, Small included scorecard, No focus assist
0	None that I could think of
0	None that I could recollect of
1	Excellent reception, vivid color screens, solid feel in your hand,and a quality low-res camera.
1	Excellent reception, vivid color blind, solid flavour in your hand,and a character low-res camera.
0	Price
0	damage
0	Wish the zoom was greater
0	Wish the zoom was big
1	Awesome print quality, price, and speed
1	Awesome print quality, price, and upper
0	some faults with the it's design
0	some defect with the it's design
0	Printer software sometimes not compatible with Windows 2000 preset label sizes 
0	Printer software sometimes not compatible with window 2000 preset mark sizes 
1	Great Color &amp;amp; Printing
1	bang-up Color &amp;amp; Printing
1	Easy to install
1	leisurely to install
0	Better ringers
0	comfortably ringers
0	Slow, Loud, did I say Slow???
0	Slow, Loud, did I tell Slow???
1	Awesome Performance, Excellent Pictures and Sharp Crisp Images, Great Tele-Photo
1	Awesome Performance, Excellent visualise and Sharp Crisp visualize, Great Tele-Photo
1	Great image quality and lots of options.  Fast adjustment of features like shutter speed.
1	Great image quality and administer of options.  profligate adjustment of features like shutter speed.
1	good pictures, small camera
1	good pictures, modest camera
1	little, Compact Flash card, functions, software
1	little, Compact wink card, functions, software
1	Easy to use, Good access to quick pictures
1	Easy to employ, Good access to quick pictures
1	5 MegaPixels, Compact design, Good number of features
1	5 MegaPixels, Compact design, ripe number of features
0	No cover for the LCD screen, ZOOM
0	No concealment for the LCD screen, ZOOM
1	Nice print. 
1	overnice print. 
0	Your best photo's will be bad.
0	Your best photo's will be unsound.
0	Minor design flaws
0	tike design flaws
0	Flimsy Antenna
0	Flimsy aerial
0	weight is a problem,heavier than others
0	weight is a problem,expectant than others
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	'Missed Call' use, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
1	Amazing Image Quality, Good manual control, solid design
1	Amazing Image Quality, salutary manual control, solid design
1	Speakerphone, BRIGHT SCREEN, nice menus. Perfect choice.
1	Speakerphone, BRIGHT SCREEN, prissy menus. Perfect choice.
0	poor menu system, no alarm feature
0	misfortunate menu system, no alarm feature
0	None that I can find.      :-)
0	None that iodine can find.      :-)
0	Fragile and low capacity paper tray.
0	fragile and low capacity paper tray.
1	Very user friendly
1	Very user favorable
1	Easy, Fun, Great Pics
1	well-to-do, Fun, Great Pics
0	SLOW!!!, Expensive cartridges
0	tedious!!!, Expensive cartridges
0	USB Communication with ME flaky - Tech Support Horrible
0	USB Communication with ME flaky - Tech digest Horrible
1	Great quality,Great Price
1	Great quality,slap-up Price
0	Ring tones aren't so great, hard to find numbers with fingers without looking
0	Ring flavour aren't so great, hard to find numbers with fingers without await
1	excell. pictures, great night shots, low recycle time
1	excell. pictures, great night shooting, low recycle time
0	Too Bad the pictures don't come out so good
0	Too spoiled the pictures don't come out so good
1	Initial purchase price good
1	Initial leverage price good
0	need coated, costly paper and high res for good quality printouts, noisy and slow
0	need coated, costly paper and high res for undecomposed choice printouts, noisy and slow
1	It's tiny
1	It's bantam
0	none
0	none
0	No big frills, not completely user friendly
0	No magnanimous frills, not completely user friendly
0	Pricey
0	costly
0	Unreliable. Slow to navigate. Poor construction.
0	Unreliable. Slow to pilot. Poor construction.
1	Sleek, stylish, light, feature-laden, Samsung quality
1	silklike, stylish, light, feature-laden, Samsung quality
1	Buttons are well placed on display. Functions easy to sort through.
1	Buttons are well set on display. Functions gentle to sort through.
1	It's not poisonous
1	It's not toxicant
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to usage
1	Great print quality for the money. 
1	Great print calibre for the money. 
1	Incredible photo quality, quiet operation, integrated memory card reader
1	Incredible photo quality, restrained operation, integrated memory card reader
0	poor image quality, weak flash, dark dull shots
0	poor image quality, weak flashing, dark dull shots
0	poor quality, no features
0	hapless quality, no features
0	Hard to find one negative for the price I paid.
0	Hard to ascertain one negative for the damage I paid.
1	sleek design, features
1	sleek conception, features
1	good quality for a good price
1	good quality for a good cost
0	Noise, ink sprayer clogs, devours ink
0	Noise, ink nebuliser clogs, devours ink
1	Good for people with credit problems
1	Good for people with acknowledgment problems
0	Tricky to learn how to fold. Small adult cup holder. Flimsy basket.
0	sly to determine how to fold. Small adult cup holder. Flimsy basket.
0	no (internal) rechargeable batteries, no date stamp on pic, exposed view screen
0	no (intragroup) rechargeable batteries, no date stamp on pic, exposed consider screen
0	None
0	none
0	Buggy Drivers and Expensive Cartridges
0	loopy Drivers and Expensive Cartridges
0	USB-cable offloading of IMGs is problematic; 'SmartMedia' storage cards are pricey; no image stablization.
0	USB-cable offloading of IMGs is problematic; 'SmartMedia' storage menu are pricey; no prototype stablization.
0	Internal memory is low, no camera bag, LCD
0	Internal memory is low, no camera grip, LCD
1	Compact, inexpensive, reliable, easy to find ink tanks
1	Compact, inexpensive, reliable, easy to chance ink tanks
0	Poor scans, ink runs out, price of ink relative to new printer, WINDOWS only
0	Poor scans, ink guide out, price of ink relative to unexampled printer, WINDOWS only
0	Serial sync cradle.
0	nonparallel sync cradle.
0	could have more mega pixles
0	could have more mega pixles
0	Problematic, long warm up times, ink guzzler, paper jammer
0	Problematic, long warm up multiplication, ink guzzler, paper jammer
0	The longer you wait to buy, the more you'll get for your money.
0	The longer you await to buy, the more you'll sire for your money.
0	Small?????
0	lowly?????
1	Exceptional RF Performance; Good Incoming Audio Quality; Packed with practical features; Advanced UI
1	Exceptional RF Performance; Good entrance Audio Quality; carry with practical features; Advanced UI
1	just about everything
1	just about everything
0	No window in canopy, no 5-point harness
0	No window in canopy, no 5-point rule
0	Must refill cartridges before they dry out or else they will be rejected
0	must refill cartridges before they dry out or else they will be pooh-pooh
0	none yet
0	none nonetheless
1	4x lense, great color capture, many options, design, adequate speed
1	4x lense, great distort capture, many options, design, adequate speeding
0	how'd i make that call?
0	how'd i clear that call?
1	Because it is Nokia 8850!Stylish, Durable, Infrared
1	Because it is Nokia 8850!Stylish, lasting, Infrared
0	Grab some backup batteries!
0	Grab some substitute batteries!
1	Inexpensive, good reception, compact and light, nice looking, ringtones
1	Inexpensive, safe reception, compact and light, nice looking, ringtones
0	Body is plastic, not metal like v60i, won't synchronize with Lotus Notes calendar
0	consistence is plastic, not metal like v60i, won't synchronise with Lotus Notes calendar
1	great pictures, sleek looking, lots of features, inexpensive
1	great pictures, sleek looking, much of features, inexpensive
1	Size, Screen, Bluetooth
1	Size, concealment, Bluetooth
0	no optical view finder
0	no optical opinion finder
1	Excellent picture quality
1	Excellent word-painting quality
1	Excellent color and graphics quality WHEN NEW.
1	Excellent color and graphics prize WHEN NEW.
0	Poor reception, placement of IR port.
0	wretched reception, placement of IR port.
0	Costly refills (but they do last a while)
0	Costly refills (but they do conclusion a while)
1	sound quality, slim size, multiple phone numbers for one name entry
1	sound character, slim size, multiple phone numbers for one name launching
0	Bulky, Menu layout
0	Bulky, menu layout
0	Size, changing the volume
0	Size, shift the volume
1	Affordable, easy setup, no maintenance.
1	Affordable, sluttish setup, no maintenance.
0	Sometimes a little too strong for light sheets of paper.
0	Sometimes a little too strong for sparkle sail of paper.
1	phonebook, ringing options, on-screen displays
1	phonebook, ringing option, on-screen displays
0	Like all Epson's, it is a noisy printer
0	like all Epson's, it is a noisy printer
0	Weak reception, No Vibrator Ringing
0	Weak reception, nobelium Vibrator Ringing
0	None that I've found yet.
0	None that I've chance yet.
1	great first camera, a good deal
1	great start camera, a good deal
1	Great overall phone - easy to use and many accessories available
1	Great overall earphone - easy to utilise and many accessories available
0	A little on the high side
0	A little on the richly side
1	Bargain price
1	buy price
0	what good is a warranty?
0	what right is a warranty?
1	Nothing it did not work
1	Nothing it did not knead
0	folding, no basket, wheels too small
0	folding, no hoop, wheels too small
1	Manual modes, optical zoom, metering options
1	Manual modality, optical zoom, metering options
1	Super smooth, easy to assemble, comfortable for baby
1	Super shine, easy to assemble, comfortable for baby
1	It is so lightweight and easy to use.
1	It is so lightweight and easy to utilization.
0	Large-ish
0	Large-ish
0	cost of ink cartridge. 90 day warranty. no alter to ink level 
0	cost of ink cartridge. 90 day warranty. no spay to ink story 
1	fast, vibrant colors, reliable, 
1	flying, vibrant colors, reliable, 
0	expensive (but not more than other brands) ink cartridges
0	expensive (but not more than other denounce) ink cartridges
0	Banding on the bottom of 81/2X11 photos, B&amp;W photos have a greenish cast
0	Banding on the can of 81/2X11 photos, boron&A;W photos have a greenish cast
0	maybe a little confusing at first.
0	maybe a little obscure at first.
0	Long download time, no a/c adapter included.
0	farsighted download time, no a/c adapter included.
0	Verizon Disabled Features
0	Verizon invalid Features
1	Speed, color
1	accelerate, color
0	Remember the lens cap
0	Remember the lens crownwork
1	Smooth ride
1	Smooth cod
1	Great storage format, clear pictures, ease of picture transfer.
1	Great storage format, clear pictures, ease of depiction transfer.
1	stylish, has a camera, bluetooth enabled
1	stylish, has a camera, bluetooth enable
1	very small
1	very pocket-size
0	none
0	none
0	pricy even with recent price drop, battery life, a little too large, sevice canbe frusterating.
0	pricy even with recent price neglect, battery spirit, a little too gravid, sevice canbe frusterating.
0	Standard battery is horrible!
0	stock battery is horrible!
0	speaker tends to have too much treble & hurts my ear
0	speaker tends to have too much dual & hurts my pinna
0	nothing wrong unless you drop it.
0	nothing incorrectly unless you drop it.
0	should come with an AC adapter
0	should follow with an AC adapter
0	No zoom
0	nobelium zoom
1	easy installation, works first time
1	easy installation, works maiden time
1	Great image quality, great auto metering, one touch photos.
1	Great image quality, great auto metering, one refer photos.
0	not real sturdy, lots of features to learn with poor explanations
0	not real sturdy, sight of features to learn with wretched explanations
0	Not Newest/Fastest
0	not Newest/Fastest
1	Lightweight, easy to use, free
1	Lightweight, easy to use, release
0	Doesn't stop quickly
0	Doesn't blockage quickly
1	Photo quality, quiet, long-lasting ink, text quality
1	Photo lineament, quiet, long-lasting ink, text quality
0	no auto focus, LCD display and controls awkward to use
0	no auto focus, LCD presentation and controls awkward to expend
0	not really any
0	not rattling any
0	Exposed LCD screen (as with all cameras); slow on/off
0	debunk LCD screen (as with all cameras); tiresome on/off
1	Tons of features, cool design and keypad.
1	Tons of sport, cool design and keypad.
0	Technical problems from the start
0	Technical problems from the get
1	good picture quality, low price, ease of use
1	unspoilt picture quality, low price, ease of use
1	Easy to use; no paper jams; decent quality
1	slowly to use; no paper jams; decent quality
1	Excellent Nikon photo quality (keyword photo quality)
1	Excellent Nikon photo quality (keyword picture quality)
0	Copies dry a little slow sometimes so be careful
0	Copies dry a little dull sometimes so be careful
0	Pricy, odd menus, poor user guide.
0	Pricy, odd menus, poor user steer.
0	not a whole lot of options for scanning print speed is somewhat slow.
0	not a whole muckle of options for scanning print speed is jolly slow.
0	can't find any cons
0	can't find any nobble
1	Price and lasts long
1	Price and finale long
1	Excellent Quality, extremely flexible.
1	Excellent character, extremely flexible.
0	none
0	none
0	menus are hard to navigate sometimes
0	carte are hard to navigate sometimes
0	Step down from Motorola V400
0	mistreat down from Motorola V400
0	Poor screen visibility in sunlight, weird problem when changing modes, some difficulty in using advanced settings
0	Poor screen visibility in sunlight, weird problem when transfer manner, some difficulty in practice advanced settings
0	No speaker phone,internet accessibility or digi-cam,not compatible w.high speed data networks
0	No speaker phone,internet accessibility or digi-cam,not compatible w.high hie data mesh
1	Size, Weight, Simple to use, 
1	Size, Weight, simpleton to use, 
1	Awesome quality, great optics, good value
1	Awesome prize, great optics, good value
1	It's size is nice.  It is easy to use for the most part.
1	It's size is nice.  It is loose to employment for the most part.
1	easy to use and install, software that comes with it, not too expensive
1	tardily to consumption and install, software that comes with it, not too expensive
0	A bit bulky.  High compression of images causes some loss of quality.
0	A bit bulky.  High compression of envision causes some loss of calibre.
0	Audio sound not as clear or loud as it could be.
0	Audio heavy not as unmortgaged or loud as it could be.
1	Compact, point &amp; shoot easy, 3x optical zoom lens, USB, great photos.
1	Compact, aim &amp; shoot easy, 3x optical zoom lens, USB, bully photos.
1	Super easy to use, great picture quality, small in size
1	Super easy to use, great photo quality, minuscule in size
0	Delay from when you click to take the picture and when it actually takes
0	Delay from when you click to take the photograph and when it actually select
0	Lack of features
0	Lack of lineament
0	the memory stick that comes with it is too small
0	the remembering stick that comes with it is too pocket-size
0	Sporadic malfunctions, compared w/ Nokias--not user friendly.
0	Sporadic malfunctions, compared west/ Nokias--not user friendly.
0	Slow processing time, not well-adapted to Macs
0	slowly processing time, not well-adapted to Macs
1	Reliable, inexpensive to print.
1	Reliable, inexpensive to mark.
0	no auto-keylock, can only text message other voicestream phones.
0	no auto-keylock, can only text message other voicestream headphone.
0	terrible dithering hw/sw/fw, VERY slow
0	terrible dithering hw/sw/fw, VERY retard
0	must have lens cap off when camera is on, can't add filters without adapter
0	must have lens crownwork off when camera is on, can't add filtrate without adapter
1	Speed, Quality, Stable in Windows
1	hurrying, Quality, Stable in Windows
0	Keypad, camera and features suck. Bluetooth basic. Size is bigger than most phones.
0	Keypad, camera and features suck. Bluetooth basic. Size is great than most phone.
1	Amazing picture quality, loads of features, ability to add lenses
1	Amazing picture quality, slews of feature, ability to add lenses
1	user friendly, many uses, cost
1	user friendly, many uses, price
1	Good Price! Great Picture quality! Easy to learn! Unbeatable value!
1	Good Price! Great picture quality! loose to learn! Unbeatable value!
0	Just one, lag time between shots.
0	Just one, remand time between shots.
0	Drawbacks listed in review
0	Drawbacks number in review
0	Battery life is on the weak side.  No date on the display, lots of toggling.
0	Battery life is on the unaccented side.  nobelium date on the display, draw of toggling.
0	Speed, clarity at times
0	speeding, clarity at times
0	No zoom, no autofocus, floppy adapter doesn't work with Mac or Windows NT
0	No zoom, no autofocus, floppy adapter doesn't mould with Mac or window NT
0	no fun ring tones, a little heavy
0	no fun ring tones, a little clayey
1	lightweight & small, seems relatively sturdy, good sound, lots of features
1	lightweight & small, seems relatively sturdy, good sound, portion of characteristic
1	TFT color display, Ringers & Wallpaper, Web Display, External Display
1	TFT color display, Ringers & Wallpaper, Web show, External Display
0	not easy to transport, takes up a lot of room in car, can't use basket with back seat reclined
0	not easy to transport, remove up a draw of room in machine, can't use basket with back seat reclined
0	poor antenna, poor design
0	poor antenna, pathetic design
0	nothing
0	zip
1	Really cheap,Easy to install,quick printing,Great photo's!
1	Really cheap,Easy to establish,quick printing,Great photo's!
0	As with all cameras, battery life is fair.  Zoom isn't really powerful.
0	ampere with all cameras, battery life is clean.  Zoom isn't really powerful.
1	Basic styling is nice-looking and great feeling, and it's got a color screen!
1	Basic styling is nice-looking and great belief, and it's grow a color screen!
0	none yet
0	none however
1	Small, light, handsome, good reception and battery life.
1	Small, twinkle, handsome, good reception and battery life.
1	Long Battery Life; Durable; Easy to operate (no flip open to dial or talk)
1	Long barrage lifespan; Durable; Easy to operate (no flip open to dial or talk)
1	Inexpensive, crisp copy, and very easy to install.
1	Inexpensive, crisp copy, and very well-heeled to install.
0	Expense of Operation, Zero Reliability, Very Unperfected Product
0	Expense of Operation, Zero reliableness, Very Unperfected Product
1	Slim, Eye-Catching, Great Price and Durable
1	Slim, Eye-Catching, cracking Price and Durable
0	Haven't had time, to read, the manual.
0	Haven't had time, to scan, the manual.
0	Baby can't recline, access to basket is small, brakes don't engage on the first try
0	coddle can't recumb, access to basket is small, brakes don't engage on the first hear
0	Speakers not too clear. No ear plug hole. Side buttons are awkward. No holster.
0	Speakers not too clear. No ear plug hole. side clitoris are awkward. No holster.
1	Low Price, High Quality, Long Cartridge Life
1	Low Price, High lineament, Long Cartridge Life
1	Inexpensive, Great Performance, Durable, Has the Important Features
1	Inexpensive, Great Performance, Durable, make the Important Features
1	WOW!  Great Quality--So easy!
1	WOW!  neat Quality--So easy!
0	computer chipped cartridges, can't easily use CIS system, ink relatively expensive
0	computer knap cartridges, can't easily use CIS organisation, ink relatively expensive
0	options are not easy to get to, huge lag
0	option are not easy to get to, huge lag
1	Great color rendition, easy to use, quick donwnload to PC, small and lightweight.
1	Great color rendition, gentle to use, prompt donwnload to PC, small and lightweight.
1	Price, ease of use, size.
1	Price, ease of expend, size.
0	Close ups get a little blurry.
0	Close ups mother a little blurry.
0	Slow warmup
0	behind warmup
1	Small, lots of options, good battery life, very convenient
1	Small, mess of options, good battery life, very convenient
1	5 Mega Pixles, Features, Zoom, Style, Brandname, screen, batteries.
1	5 Mega Pixles, Features, Zoom, Style, Brandname, screenland, batteries.
0	Inconsistent picture quality
0	Inconsistent picture character
1	Size, ease of use, quality
1	Size, ease of usance, quality
0	Battery usage and button design
0	Battery usage and button plan
1	Beautiful screen, nice size and weight.
1	Beautiful screen, nice size and burden.
1	Flexible storage options (CD-R or CD-R/W, Able to use add on filters and lenses.
1	whippy warehousing options (CD-R or CD-R/double-u, Able to use add on filters and lenses.
1	inexpensive, good quality printer
1	inexpensive, ripe quality printer
0	ink price, shows out of ink when plenty left, crashes computer often
0	ink price, demonstrate out of ink when plenty left, smash computer often
1	Feature rich as a business tool
1	feature rich as a business tool
1	Blue tooth,infrared,Modem,VGA Camera, VGA Screen,Video Recorder,Gr8 Picture quality,Tri Band,Speaker Phone &16 MB Memory
1	blueness tooth,infrared,Modem,VGA Camera, VGA Screen,picture Recorder,Gr8 photo caliber,Tri Band,Speaker Phone &16 MB Memory
0	not reliable, not the best screen savers, not many features
0	not dependable, not the best screen savers, not many boast
0	bulky in size due to large paper size
0	bulky in size due to large newspaper size
0	Big and bulky
0	vauntingly and bulky
1	Direct connect, cheap plans.
1	Direct connect, tacky plans.
0	No Viewfinder, Battery Life, Flash
0	No Viewfinder, Battery Life, winkle
0	Lens in corner needs getting used to. Can easily have finger in frame
0	lense in corner needs arrive used to. Can easily have finger in frame
1	Great web browsing!Decent internet speed depending on where u are.Overall AMAZING PDA!
1	Great WWW browsing!Decent internet accelerate depending on where u are.Overall AMAZING PDA!
1	Sleek design, able to use MP3 as ringtone, nice display, sturdy build.
1	silken design, able to use MP3 as ringtone, squeamish display, sturdy build.
0	No call timer, flimsy antenna, small buttons
0	No call timer, flimsy antenna, small push
1	this
1	this
1	Small, light, easy to use, Lithium battery,nice MACRO possibillity
1	low, light, gentle to use, Lithium battery,nice MACRO possibillity
0	eats batteries, requires COM1 to download pictures cleanly, doesn't work well with WinNT
0	eats batteries, command COM1 to download pic cleanly, doesn't work well with WinNT
1	Clarity of photos, ease of use
1	Clarity of photos, ease of usance
0	not appropriate for action or macro photography
0	not appropriate for activity or macro photography
0	A little bulky and heavy for the casual user. No proper hand grip.
0	A slight bulky and heavy for the casual user. No proper paw grip.
1	Great battery life, loaded with features
1	Great battery life, stretch with features
1	Can fit 2 children
1	Can convulsion 2 children
0	Miniscule(very tiny), odd-shaped and illegible keys.  Mediocre sound and reception. No Screen Zoom.
0	Miniscule(very tiny), odd-shaped and illegible keys.  Mediocre healthy and reception. No covert Zoom.
0	none
0	none
0	The thing won't work
0	The thing won't solve
0	slightly heavier
0	slightly backbreaking
1	Low cost, great color prints,good service
1	Low cost, great color prints,respectable service
0	get-it-now, lack of customizablility, verizon banners
0	get-it-now, lack of customizablility, verizon streamer
1	Nice quality, advanced functions, real-time TV output, easy to work with.
1	Nice caliber, advanced functions, real-time TV output, gentle to work with.
1	good printouts, scanner, copier, low maintenance
1	full printouts, scanner, copier, low maintenance
1	ok at snapshots
1	fine at snapshots
0	CAMERA & MUSIC QUALITY COULD BE A BIT BETTER.
0	CAMERA & MUSIC QUALITY COULD Be A BIT BETTER.
1	Built-in digital camera, speakerphone, internet ready, plus much more!
1	Built-in digital camera, speakerphone, internet ready, addition much more!
0	Availability
0	accessibility
1	cheap, cute, easy to use
1	cheap, cute, easy to habituate
1	earpiece forms to your ear, slim design, clarity, serveral options
1	earpiece grade to your ear, slim design, lucidity, serveral options
1	Solid, reliable, feature-rich, easy to use.
1	Solid, dependable, feature-rich, easy to use.
0	Recharging battery takes forever
0	Recharging battery rent forever
1	Great Price, easy to use, NO FILM!!
1	nifty Price, easy to use, NO FILM!!
1	Excellent Picture Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good Software Bundle&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, Sony Memory, Tv Out &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Comfortable Feel
1	Excellent show caliber&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good Software bunch&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, Sony Memory, telecasting Out &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Comfortable look
0	Camera size is too big, many features that beginners don't use
0	camera size is too great, many features that beginners don't use
1	Comes with everything you need, easy to use
1	Comes with everything you need, slowly to use
0	Settings do not correspond with conventional 35MM cameras, for example, F-Stop, Aperture, etc.
0	context do not jibe with conventional 35MM cameras, for example, F-Stop, Aperture, etc.
1	Ease of use, quality of results
1	repose of use, quality of results
1	small size, rechargeable batteries, good zoom, great playback, easy to use
1	small size, rechargeable batteries, good zoom, majuscule playback, easy to habit
0	too numerous to mention
0	too numerous to citation
0	hanging, cannot stop ringing, slow
0	hanging, cannot stop peal, slow
0	The Software on this camera just plain SUCKS!
0	The Software on this camera just plain imbibe!
1	great quality, ink lasts long good price
1	great select, ink lasts long good price
0	eats AAs, no AC adapter included
0	feed AAs, no AC adapter included
1	Print Quality and Conservation of Ink
1	Print prime and Conservation of Ink
1	Light, small, keys covered, many options.
1	wakeful, small, keys covered, many options.
0	Signal strength, sound, Samsung support, Battery life
0	Signal strength, sound, Samsung patronise, Battery life
1	Fast and cheap, Inks are great (and expensive). Parallel interface works with print servers.
1	Fast and cheap, Inks are corking (and expensive). parallel interface works with print servers.
0	Weak flash, may be difficult to use for large hands
0	Weak swank, may be difficult to use for large manpower
1	Great print quality. Stand alone copy feature is handy. 
1	Great print caliber. Stand alone copy feature is handy. 
1	SIZE, COLOR, FINISH, VOICE QUALITY.
1	SIZE, discolour, FINISH, VOICE QUALITY.
0	color is ugly
0	colorize is ugly
1	See above.
1	encounter above.
1	Cheap price, good color quality
1	Cheap price, good color tone
0	no personal caller id pic
0	no personal caller id movie
1	Safe, durable, comfortable, with warranties.
1	rubber, durable, comfortable, with warranties.
0	The antenna..what's up with this antenna? Blue lettering
0	The antenna..what's up with this antenna? downcast lettering
1	Quality for the price, ease of use
1	Quality for the price, ease of usance
0	The whole phone is awful
0	The whole phone is nasty
1	Good picture quality, CompactFlash compatible, decent zoom, many advanced features.
1	dear characterization quality, CompactFlash compatible, decent zoom, many advanced features.
0	It's easy to use even for children.
0	It's easy to role even for children.
0	no USB
0	no USB
0	NONE
0	none
0	I can't really think of anything... oops - sorry...
0	I can't really believe of anything... oops - sorry...
1	colors, washable seating, dual wheels in front and back, full recline
1	colors, washable seating, dual bike in front and rachis, full recline
0	proprietary battery, learning curve, doesn't handle low light situations well.
0	proprietary battery, learning curve, doesn't care moo light situations well.
1	price, speed, quality
1	price, hasten, quality
0	No camera
0	no camera
1	Functional features, speaker, voice activation, pretty and legible blue screen.
1	operative features, speaker, part activation, pretty and legible blue screen.
0	flat design may take some getting used to
0	flat design may take some bewilder used to
1	Easy to use, uses floppy discs
1	Easy to use, uses floppy record
0	color cartridge hard to snap into place
0	color cartridge hard to snap into point
0	none
0	none
0	Not the fastest.But thats all.
0	Not the dissolute.But thats all.
0	Small buttons, smudges easily
0	Small buttons, smear easily
1	easy to steer, goes over any surface, has a hand brake and a &amp;quot;leash&amp;quot; 
1	easy to steer, ecstasy over any surface, has a hand bracken and a &amp;quot;ternary&amp;quot; 
0	Speed is slower than advertised
0	upper is slower than advertised
0	out of focus in low light sometimes(minor)
0	out of focus in low light-headed sometimes(minor)
1	Ease of use. Lightweight. Customizable.
1	Ease of usance. Lightweight. Customizable.
0	Extremely poor quality.
0	Extremely poor choice.
0	Sheet feeder doesn't work well
0	Sheet feeder doesn't crop well
0	No low-ink indicator, high cartridge costs, mediocre driver
0	No low-ink indicator, eminent cartridge costs, mediocre driver
1	good quality for the money; inexpensive ink replacement cartridges
1	safe quality for the money; inexpensive ink replacement cartridges
0	None
0	none
1	Low price, USB connection, 8 mb RAM
1	scurvy price, USB connection, 8 mb RAM
0	No games were included with phone, Nick had to download a few.
0	No back were included with headphone, Nick had to download a few.
0	can't think of any
0	can't intend of any
1	Cheap price, software is easy to use
1	garish price, software is easy to use
0	Slow, Voice Dialing doesn't work, practically everything about the phone.
0	behind, Voice Dialing doesn't work, practically everything about the earpiece.
0	no telephone or answering machine with it
0	no call or answering machine with it
0	Resolution, Cost
0	solvent, Cost
1	Good quality, fast and quet
1	Good quality, degenerate and quet
1	Reliability
1	reliableness
0	Cannot activate speakerphone until after call is placed, no bluetooth
0	Cannot activate speakerphone until after holler is set, no bluetooth
0	hard to find refills
0	hard to find replenish
1	Walmart price of $60; USB connection; easy to use.
1	Walmart price of $LX; USB connection; easy to use.
1	two cartridge used at once
1	two cartridge exploited at once
1	Wonderful Quaility
1	marvelous Quaility
0	LCD screen use drains batteries fast
0	LCD screen utilize drains batteries fast
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	Size, clearness, filmdom Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	would make a nice house for a family of mice
1	would ready a prissy house for a family of mice
1	- 3.3 megapixel resolution - Excellent image quality - Accurate auto-light adjustment
1	- 3.three megapixel resolution - Excellent image prize - Accurate auto-light adjustment
0	no cons
0	no flimflam
0	Goes through batteries like mad.
0	belong through batteries like mad.
1	PDA functionality/Cell phone in an "acceptably small" package. Great Battery life
1	PDA functionality/Cell phone in an "acceptably small" package. Great bombardment lifespan
1	Head-turning design, excellent reception and sound quality, tons of features.
1	Head-turning design, excellent reception and sound quality, ton of feature.
1	Quiet, plain paper, color printer
1	Quiet, knit paper, color printer
0	Can't find cartridges.  Have to use high quality paper for a good picture.
0	Can't notice cartridges.  Have to use high quality paper for a soundly picture.
0	none
0	none
0	None
0	none
0	Driver's CPU usage, price, Windows XP driver stinks.
0	Driver's processor usage, price, Windows XP driver stinks.
0	it never seems to do the things it says it can, like fax, print, or copy
0	it never seems to do the things it suppose it can, like fax, impress, or replicate
1	A mother's savior!
1	amp mother's savior!
1	size, easy to use
1	size, easy to function
1	can direct connect easily, tough
1	can direct join easily, tough
1	Easy To Use, only $270
1	Easy To expend, only $270
1	Excellent color reproduction and fine detail reproduction, a lot of features, allows you store uncompressed images, USB interface
1	Excellent color reproduction and fine particular reproduction, a mass of features, allows you store uncompressed visualise, USB interface
1	picture &amp; build quality. speed. video quality
1	envision &amp; build quality. speed. video quality
1	Blue back lighting, reception and clarity, and the battery life.
1	profane back lighting, reception and clarity, and the battery life-time.
0	Not touch screen, wierd keypad layout.
0	Not speck screen, wierd keypad layout.
0	hard to find accessories locally
0	toilsome to find accessories locally
0	Interface is HORRIBLE
0	Interface is atrocious
0	Fairly large and heavy, small basket.
0	Fairly large and sound, small basket.
1	Large memory, good battery, comes with all the necessary components
1	Large memory, estimable battery, comes with all the necessary constituent
1	Lightweight. Inexpensive. Straightforward. Excellent on the basics. Not necessarily for "power users." Euro-compatible.
1	Lightweight. Inexpensive. aboveboard. Excellent on the basic. Not necessarily for "power users." Euro-compatible.
0	Expensive to Print, Outdated XP Drivers
0	Expensive to publish, Outdated XP Drivers
0	so-so plain paper text, MUST have good photo paper, no cable included
0	tolerably complain paper text, MUST have good photo paper, no cable included
1	Incredible features. Incredible resolution. Incredible flexibility
1	Incredible features. Incredible resolution. Incredible tractability
1	Excellent photo printing
1	Excellent photo impression
0	none
0	none
1	Best phone/pda convergence device out there.  Good reception, nice battery life.  Full Palm functionality.
1	Best phone/organiser convergence device out there.  well reception, nice battery life.  fully Palm functionality.
1	good
1	practiced
0	plastic seat-back, heavier than most umbrella strollers
0	plastic seat-back, labored than most umbrella strollers
0	Doesn't have a flash
0	Doesn't have a instant
0	Some installation trouble on WinXP, make sure you have internet access to install.
0	Some installation cark on WinXP, hold sure you have internet access to install.
0	Large, a bit expensive
0	orotund, a bit expensive
1	Low ELF emissions
1	downhearted ELF emissions
0	 Uses up alot of ink, the cartridges are expensive,not very fast at printing
0	 usance up alot of ink, the cartridges are expensive,not very riotous at printing
0	Bad service history with Sprint
0	sorry service history with Sprint
1	Easy to Use
1	well-to-do to Use
0	The picture quality isn't always as great as expected or as nondigital.  
0	The flick quality isn't e'er as great as expected or as nondigital.  
0	Printing picture quality not so great
0	Printing picture character not so great
0	Will not feed small items (3" x 5" or less).
0	Will not feed small items (three" ten 5" or less).
1	full functional dual purpose device
1	wide functional dual purpose device
0	sloping seat dangerous to babies who can't sit,  full recline only useful for small infants
0	diagonal buttocks unsafe to babies who can't sit,  full recline only useful for small infants
1	Tho low price and powerful function
1	Tho first price and powerful function
0	Only One Megapixel, Almost no Options, hefty price tag.
0	Only One Megapixel, Almost no alternative, hefty price tag.
1	Texts,tone volume,easy faceplate change,durable
1	Texts,tone volume,slow faceplate change,durable
1	Great image quality, pocketability, canon quality
1	expectant image quality, pocketability, canon quality
1	Almost unbreakable, just the right size, rubberized grip, excellent LCD display
1	Almost unbreakable, just the mighty size, rubberise grip, excellent LCD display
1	2.3 megapixels, low price
1	2.3 megapixels, depleted price
1	Image Quality, USB, Versatility, Battery Life
1	Image lineament, USB, Versatility, Battery Life
0	The rechargeable batteries are expensive. (But you only need two!)
0	The rechargeable batteries are expensive. (only you only need ii!)
0	Long intiation
0	hanker intiation
0	Atrocious, annoying, frustratingly complex and inefficient user interface.  Hand-free headsets break frequently.
0	Atrocious, vexation, frustratingly complex and inefficient user interface.  Hand-free headsets violate frequently.
0	low performance, for rookie only
0	blue performance, for rookie only
1	Two seats, one with full recline, each with their own canopy.  Infant car seat included.
1	Two stern, unitary with full recline, each with their own canopy.  Infant car buttocks included.
0	eats batteries, tri-pod mount
0	deplete batteries, tri-pod mount
1	Very user friendly
1	Very user well-disposed
0	Worst print quality I've seen since my dot-matrix printer, circa 1987.
0	risky print quality I've ensure since my dot-matrix printer, circa 1987.
0	everything else
0	everything else
1	rechargable battery, light weight, ease of use
1	rechargable battery, lite weight, ease of use
1	very small uncomplicated and very nice portable tool for graphics students
1	very minuscule uncomplicated and very nice portable peter for graphics students
0	Terrible fax machine
0	Terrible fax auto
1	Tremendous features, cheap accessories
1	Tremendous features, flashy accessories
1	cheap, clear printing and good software
1	cheap, clear printing and skillful software
0	Proprietary bluetooth support.
0	Proprietary bluetooth suffer.
0	is an older model so it lacks certain features
0	is an old model so it lacks certain features
1	Multifunction
1	Multifunction
1	easy use
1	gentle use
0	Sheet Feed, Drivers, Speed, Quality
0	Sheet Feed, Drivers, Speed, select
0	large foot print, loud. UPDATE: Breaks to easily!
0	large foot print, loud. UPDATE: die to easily!
1	Decent picture quality for a inexpensive camera
1	Decent picture timber for a inexpensive camera
0	Poor battery life, poor reception, poor provider
0	Poor battery aliveness, poor reception, poor provider
0	Doesn't have full functionality of either a PDA or a Phone; heavy & large.
0	Doesn't have full functionality of either a PDA or a Phone; fleshy & expectant.
0	LCD Is Not Colored Like Some Other Phones
0	LCD Is Not tinge Like Some Other Phones
1	Loud enough, looks okay, nice weight, for those who like options there are options-galore
1	cheap enough, looks okay, decent weight, for those who like options there are options-galore
0	Bad red-eye.  The worst case of "flash flare" ever.
0	Bad red-eye.  The pip case of "flash flare" ever.
1	Excellent lens, CFII c Microdrive, Photo quality
1	Excellent lens, CFII c Microdrive, Photo timber
1	great 8x10 photos, slots for Smart Media/Compact Flash, 4x6 and 8.5x11 trays, quiet, FAST.
1	bang-up 8x10 photos, slots for Smart Media/Compact swank, 4x6 and 8.5x11 trays, tranquility, FAST.
1	Size, Battery Life, Picture Quality
1	Size, Battery Life, show Quality
1	Small, Stylish, Discrete.
1	low, Stylish, Discrete.
1	Solid construction, excellent image quality, very easy to use
1	Solid construction, excellent image quality, very easy to employment
0	Battery Power, Lack of Compression Choice/New Features, and 2.6 Megapixels.
0	Battery Power, Lack of Compression prize/New Features, and 2.VI Megapixels.
0	Antenna is vulnerable
0	feeler is vulnerable
1	Inexpensive, all inclusive, simple to use.
1	Inexpensive, all inclusive, simple to habituate.
1	design, color screen, polyphonic, QWERTY pad, battery life, light, scroll/navigation button, speakerphone
1	design, color screen, polyphonic, QWERTY pad, battery spirit, clean, scroll/navigation button, speakerphone
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Photo realistic prints, borderless printing, accepts roll paper
1	Photo realistic prints, borderless printing, bear roll paper
0	A little bulky
0	A trivial bulky
0	Not a beginner's camera
0	non a beginner's camera
0	Print feeder jams, slow printing, only one cartridge at a time.
0	Print self-feeder jams, dense printing, only one cartridge at a time.
1	Great print quality, low cost of ownership
1	Great print quality, small cost of ownership
0	sucks
0	wet-nurse
0	none so far
0	none so ALIR
1	A very attractive phone, bright, beautiful color display, a fun phone
1	A very attractive earpiece, bright, beautiful vividness display, a fun phone
1	I like the color and the features that it has. I like the speaker phone.
1	I care the colorise and the features that it has. I like the Speaker phone.
1	Compact, easy to navigate. Voice dial helps in the car.
1	Compact, easy to navigate. part dial helps in the motorcar.
1	Thin, stylish, clear call quality, easy to use, features galore
1	Thin, stylish, clear call prime, leisurely to use, features galore
1	Economical, great print quality, fast, user-friendly, mac compliant, great support, USB, great paper handling, great output, quiet, automatic sleep mode
1	Economical, great print quality, fast, user-friendly, mac compliant, corking endorse, USB, slap-up paper handling, great output, subdued, automatic sleep mode
0	poor battery life, prone to redeye when using flash
0	poor battery life, prone to redeye when using gaudy
0	Signal stregth weak in marginal areas. Non-replacable battery.
0	indicate stregth weak in marginal areas. Non-replacable battery.
1	Tiny, tiny, tiny and wonderful pictures!
1	Tiny, bantam, tiny and wonderful pictures!
1	Cost effective, fast, high quality, quiet
1	Cost effective, profligate, high quality, quiet
1	Can't be easier to use!  Put batteries in and start snapping.
1	Can't be promiscuous to use!  Put batteries in and commence snapping.
0	Does not have voice dialing, as opposed to CDM9000
0	DOE not have voice dialing, as opposed to CDM9000
1	Great Reception, Great Design, Slide Phone, Large Memory, Large/Sharp LCD Screen, Features
1	Great Reception, corking Design, Slide Phone, Large Memory, Large/Sharp LCD Screen, sport
1	Picture quality, ease of use, features.
1	Picture quality, ease of exercise, features.
0	Slow recording speed, bulky and heavy.
0	Slow recording speed, bulky and wakeless.
0	Bulky, noisy, sometimes doesn't work
0	Bulky, noisy, sometimes doesn't mold
0	Ring tones, even turned up high, not loud enough.
0	resound tones, even turned up high, not loud enough.
0	The sliding lens cover can break stuff if you are not careful.
0	The sliding lens screen can unwrap stuff if you are not careful.
1	prints great pictures
1	prints majuscule pictures
1	email enabled, easy to use, great call quality, downloadable ringtones, more
1	email enabled, prosperous to exercise, great call quality, downloadable ringtones, more
0	Badly designed, ridiculous concept
0	disadvantageously designed, ridiculous concept
1	looked durable
1	looked indestructible
1	looks, size, camera, 65K screen, GSM America
1	looks, size, camera, 65K covert, GSM America
1	reliable, good color, easy to control
1	reliable, practiced color, easy to control
1	Size and weight, clarity, decent battery, a ton of features
1	Size and weight, clarity, seemly battery, a ton of have
1	Print quality, quiet, fast
1	Print quality, quiet, dissipated
1	small marvel, makes you forget all you know about photography
1	small marvel, clear you forget all you bed about photography
0	Sound quality.
0	Sound lineament.
1	great image quality, easy to use, can use microdrive
1	great image quality, easy to use, can habituate microdrive
0	a little large, but i think thats it for cons
0	a fiddling large, but i think thats it for swindle
0	Bulky design to camera, uses up batteries quickly, no USB or AC adapter
0	Bulky intent to camera, utilize up batteries quickly, no USB or AC adapter
1	It's lightweight..that's all!
1	It's jackanapes..that's all!
0	doesn't live up to claims. quickly breaks down
0	doesn't live up to claims. quickly recess down
0	battery hungry, 8 second wait between pix
0	battery hungry, VIII second wait between pix
1	free walky-talky system
1	gratuitous walky-talky system
1	Good Picture Quality, Optical Zoom, Large LCD
1	Good Picture Quality, Optical Zoom, big LCD
1	Easy to use, high-quality photos
1	Easy to role, high-quality photos
1	Easy operation/excellent results
1	Easy operation/fantabulous results
0	Low number of pictures available on high setting
0	Low number of pictures available on high circumstance
1	Easy to push.  Gets you outside.
1	easy to push.  Gets you outside.
0	No ability to change Lenses
0	No ability to deepen Lenses
1	Rugged, Sleek, Customizable, Pocket-sized, Internal Antenna, Great Price
1	Rugged, Sleek, Customizable, Pocket-sized, Internal Antenna, slap-up Price
0	Call quality, battery life
0	Call select, battery life
1	Talk time, standby time, rugged
1	utter time, standby time, rugged
0	Chair back takes practice and storage area too small.
0	Chair back assume practice and storage area too small.
1	floppy disk memory medium
1	floppy disk retention medium
0	can be noisy
0	can be noisy
1	good looks, compact, rechargeable battery
1	good looks, wad, rechargeable battery
1	Style, Functionality, Quality, Voice Recognition Dialing
1	Style, Functionality, character, Voice Recognition Dialing
0	size, no case
0	size, no eccentric
1	Small, durable, user-friendly, sleek, customizable
1	Small, long-lived, user-friendly, sleek, customizable
0	Quality Control Issues
0	lineament Control Issues
0	Camera stopped working right after my warranty expired, No Features no pc interface
0	Camera stopped working decent after my warranty expire, No Features no pc interface
1	Many manual settings, came with a set of rechargeable batteries, great pictures
1	Many manual mount, came with a set of rechargeable batteries, great film
0	AC adapter extra, serial cable not USB, only 4 F-stop settings:  F2.8, F3.9, F5.6, F7.8
0	AC adapter extra, serial cable not USB, only 4 F-stop settings:  F2.eight, F3.9, F5.VI, F7.viii
0	poor reception, poor battery life, factory defects
0	poor reception, poor battery life, manufactory defects
0	Built-in games 2 tempting 4 recovering game-aholics!
0	Built-in back 2 tempting 4 recovering game-aholics!
1	Great for enlargements!
1	gravid for enlargements!
1	Nice Pictures, Picture Modes, Self Timer, Great Battery Life
1	Nice Pictures, Picture Modes, Self timekeeper, Great Battery Life
1	Great picture quality. Excellent low-light performance.  Easy to use.
1	capital picture quality. Excellent low-light performance.  Easy to use.
0	Lack of quality customer service.
0	Lack of caliber customer service.
0	Does not light up
0	Does not sparkle up
0	- Price tag ($800 - $900)  - Expense of virtually indispensable accessories
0	- Price tag ($800 - $900)  - Expense of virtually essential accessories
0	Small paper capacity. Only holds 50 or so sheets at a time.
0	humble paper capacity. Only harbour 50 or so sheets at a time.
0	Easy to drop
0	Easy to fall
1	Camera Cheap for functions provided, optical and digital zoom. Great pics
1	Camera crummy for functions provided, optical and digital zoom. Great pic
0	Should include USB connection
0	Should include USB connecter
0	Somewhat awkward in hand, menus need improving, long antenna, small buttons, games worthless
0	Somewhat awkward in hand, menus need improving, long aerial, small buttons, gage worthless
1	It is a very small and handy camera 
1	It is a very pocket-sized and handy camera 
0	basket not accessible when used as travel system
0	basket not accessible when used as travel organization
1	Attractive, Bluetooth, Camera, Web-enabled, MP3 Ringtones
1	attractive, Bluetooth, Camera, Web-enabled, MP3 Ringtones
1	Bluetooth! , solid design, Great color display, cool ring lights, MP3 ringers
1	Bluetooth! , solid design, Great color display, cool peal spark, MP3 ringers
1	See above
1	ascertain above
0	Problems loading driver for XP. No cables supplied. 
0	Problems payload driver for XP. No cables supplied. 
1	VERY compact and awesome shell design
1	VERY concordat and awesome shell design
0	Price. Display may be hard to read in bright sunlight.
0	damage. Display may be heavy to read in bright sunlight.
0	Pricey (but worth it)
0	high-priced (but worth it)
0	low picture quality, short battery life
0	low-toned picture quality, short battery life
1	good color, good exposure; fast picture review; easy menus;
1	good colourise, good exposure; fast picture review; easy menus;
0	Lack of White Balance options. Proprietary memory. Not pocket-able.
0	Lack of clean Balance options. Proprietary memory. Not pocket-able.
0	none
0	none
0	It doesn't fit in my pocket. Really, no cons that I can see.
0	It doesn't fit in my pocket. really, no learn that I can see.
1	Good prints, works with XP
1	thoroughly prints, works with XP
1	Cheap, excellent quality, fast, stylish, small footprint.
1	chinchy, excellent quality, fast, stylish, small footprint.
0	cheap, fragile, featureless, limited signal capability
0	sleazy, fragile, featureless, limited signal capability
0	a bit squeaky, not great for grass/bumpy/rocky travel
0	a bit squeaky, not cracking for grass/bumpy/rocky trip
1	600 dpi, quick, text and graphics print well, accepts variety of media, horizontal paper tray
1	600 dpi, quick, text and graphic impress well, accepts variety of media, horizontal theme tray
1	Great quality of print
1	capital quality of print
0	Battery Life
0	shelling Life
1	price, weight, battery life
1	price, weight, battery spirit
1	Lightweight, Voice activated, Small, Long Battery life
1	Lightweight, Voice activated, little, Long Battery life
1	Small screen, short battery life
1	Small screen, short battery lifetime
0	$60.00 for a lot of time and work into getting a halfway suitable picture. 
0	$60.00 for a spate of time and turn into aim a halfway suitable picture. 
0	Battery Life, Battery Type
0	Battery Life, Battery eccentric
1	Small
1	diminished
1	Great form factor; perfect blend of features
1	Great form factor; complete blend of features
1	Small...prints well, has the option to scan and to be used remotely
1	Small...prints swell, has the option to read and to be used remotely
0	No clock, who cares, get a watch!
0	No clock, who cares, get a view!
0	They could have made the thing faster.
0	They could have stool the thing faster.
0	INK IS TOO DAMN EXPENSIVE!!!
0	INK cost TOO DAMN EXPENSIVE!!!
1	Many Features, Web Browser, Games, Speed Dial, Contact List
1	Many Features, Web Browser, Games, Speed Dial, liaison List
0	Still trying to find one
0	lull trying to find one
1	Everything you could want and you save a fortune.
1	Everything you could want and you write a fortune.
0	very slow printing, gets jammed quite frequently, etc.
0	very slow printing, let jammed quite frequently, etc.
0	no case , i bought my own, 
0	no case , i bribe my own, 
1	Relatively small, reliable.
1	Relatively minuscule, reliable.
0	Battery life not nearly long enough.
0	Battery biography not nearly long enough.
0	Everything, breaks often!
0	Everything, interrupt often!
0	Hard to locate subject in low light conditions
0	Hard to locate subject in low lightsome conditions
1	Flexible, Rugged, BIG Memory Capability
1	Flexible, broken, BIG Memory Capability
1	Price, Picture Quality, Ease of Use, Great for Beginners
1	Price, Picture Quality, Ease of Use, smashing for Beginners
1	Nice photographs
1	Nice snap
0	It use to come with a 20MB card and now only an 8 MB card.
0	It enjoyment to cum with a 20MB card and now only an 8 MB plug-in.
1	HP brand
1	HP post
1	See Review Above
1	examine Review Above
1	Easy to use for beginners.
1	Easy to enjoyment for beginners.
0	larger babies don't fit as nicely.
0	larger coddle don't fit as nicely.
1	Free!(if you think that's a pro)
1	innocent!(if you think that's a pro)
1	customer service accessible and helpful
1	customer servicing accessible and helpful
0	low light pics need manual setting, 
0	low light pics need manual position, 
0	No viewing of photos taken until download, difficult to use flash, short battery life.
0	No viewing of photos claim until download, difficult to consumption flash, short battery life.
0	practically drinks ink
0	practically pledge ink
1	nice features; easy to use
1	nice features; easy to utilize
0	Viewing screen in bright light.
0	Viewing screen in bright brightness.
0	On/off button, speaker phone mic works poorly
0	On/off button, speaker phone mic works badly
1	great quality
1	nifty quality
1	Fast, Cheap, Excellent quality
1	Fast, garish, Excellent quality
0	Short zoom
0	inadequate zoom
1	On paper, this could be a great stroller.
1	On paper, this could be a groovy stroller.
1	size
1	sizing
0	Instruction manual poor
0	Instruction manual wretched
0	Complicated USB installation , not as fast as promised on the box, and expensive  ink refills.
0	Complicated USB installation , not as fasting as predict on the boxful, and expensive  ink refills.
1	stitch and movie function, manual modes, zoom digital zoom, small package, IBM microdrive support
1	stitch and movie function, manual modes, zoom digital zoom, humble package, IBM microdrive endure
0	Set up instructions
0	Set up pedagogy
0	Some voice feedback, missed calls.
0	Some voice feedback, lose calls.
1	superior picture quality, excellent zoom lens, great battery life
1	superior picture quality, first-class zoom lens, great battery life
0	All the hype without the performance makes this an awful purchase.
0	All the hoopla without the performance hold this an awful purchase.
0	Shutter lag, flimsy output cover, plasticy body, poor daylight LCD performance. 
0	Shutter lag, flimsy yield binding, plasticy body, poor daylight LCD performance. 
1	Fast, Network Ready, Great Colors
1	Fast, Network Ready, Great coloring
1	Sleek and stylish, best displays in the market.
1	Sleek and stylish, best exhibit in the market.
1	some nice extra features, excellent reception, phonebook organized well, voice memo
1	some nice supernumerary features, excellent reception, phonebook organized comfortably, voice memo
1	Great little printer for lower end print jobs
1	Great niggling printer for lower end print jobs
1	Strong, durable , looks good, can't wear it out...
1	Strong, durable , looks good, can't wearable it out...
1	Excelent prints on Epson Glossy paper
1	Excelent mark on Epson Glossy paper
1	Small, light, takes pictures, good sound, great functions, games.
1	Small, light, takes pictures, good sound, gravid functions, games.
0	kind of expensive
0	variety of expensive
0	Only comes with 16mb media, but can be expanded to 128.
0	only follow with 16mb media, but can be expanded to 128.
1	Small, Lightweight, Free
1	Small, Lightweight, destitute
1	Great quality, awesome zoom, good battery preservation, video mode
1	Great quality, awesome zoom, honorable battery preservation, video mode
0	Ink runs out way to quick
0	Ink tend out way to quick
0	software problem ,ring tones not load enough ,
0	software problem ,ring tones not adulterate enough ,
1	Very portable, rugged, great "photo stitch" software.
1	Very portable, rugged, bang-up "photo stitch" software.
0	Cables too close
0	Cables too fold
0	Complicated for an amateur-Horrible customer support/warranty help 
0	Complicated for an amateur-Horrible customer abide/warranty help 
0	A Little Pricey For Many.
0	A slight Pricey For Many.
0	none thus far
0	none thus ALIR
1	Size, Picture Quality, Looks and Style
1	Size, depiction Quality, Looks and Style
1	This phone is so technologically advanced, that everything on it is a Pro!
1	This sound is so technologically boost, that everything on it is a Pro!
0	Low native resolution, and a marketing trick makes it worse.
0	Low aboriginal resoluteness, and a marketing trick makes it worse.
1	Small, Colorful, Good Reception
1	Small, Colorful, ripe Reception
1	Tri-mode cell phone, color Palm Pilot, web & email in a small package, Outlook synchronization
1	Tri-mode cell call, color Palm cowcatcher, web & email in a small package, Outlook synchronization
1	Camera, video, button opens up flip, spotlight, picture ID, HUGE color screens, seems scratch-proof.
1	Camera, video, button opens up interchange, foreground, picture ID, HUGE color screens, seems scratch-proof.
1	Professional Appearance; Trimode CDMA; Web Access; Voice-activated Dialing; PIM
1	Professional appearing; Trimode CDMA; Web Access; Voice-activated Dialing; PIM
1	Great pictures!  Nice battery
1	Great characterisation!  Nice battery
0	Prints crooked , can't print to edge  , not waterproof , no user manual
0	print stooped , can't print to edge  , not waterproof , no user manual
0	must be high-tech friendly
0	moldiness be high-tech friendly
1	Good photo quality
1	goodness photo quality
1	Quality, lots of options
1	Quality, pile of options
1	small, clear reception, many options
1	lowly, clear reception, many options
0	A little sensitive to shaking when taking detail sensitive photos.  Tripod would be recommended.
0	A petty sensitive to shaking when taking detail sensitive photograph.  Tripod would be recommended.
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear cry.
0	Not capable of doing high quality pics
0	Not capable of doing heights quality pics
1	Takes great photos
1	need great photos
0	basket storage limited
0	basket storage special
0	no lcd picture preview.
0	no lcd picture prevue.
1	Model 1800 1.3mp. Nice pics, Sony CCD,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, Fast SmartMedia change. Battery economy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	simulate 1800 1.3mp. Nice pics, Sony CCD,&ampere;#XIII;&amp;#10;USB, Fast SmartMedia modification. Battery economy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Small Size, Battery Life, Auto lens cover, MPEG Movie 
1	belittled Size, Battery Life, Auto lens cover, MPEG Movie 
1	Sharp, forgiving (exposure.), easy to operate
1	Sharp, forgiving (exposure.), sluttish to operate
0	Not reliable and bad after sales services from HP and Staple
0	Not reliable and sorry after sales services from HP and basic
1	lightweight, easily portable, large number of ringtones
1	lightweight, easily portable, great number of ringtones
1	excellent print quality, couldn't be easier to use
1	excellent print quality, couldn't be well-to-do to use
0	A bit thick.  A bit awkward as a phone without headset.  A bit pricey.
0	A bit deep.  A bit awkward as a phone without headset.  A morsel pricey.
1	Cheap for the quality
1	punk for the quality
1	Solid construction and great signal strength. Feels good to use.
1	strong construction and great signal strength. Feels good to exercise.
0	Small display size
0	Small presentation size
0	Rather bulky for the size, battery life, phone book
0	Rather bulky for the size, battery life, earphone book
0	Lens cover is plastic, Software is confusing
0	Lens treat is plastic, Software is confusing
0	POOR battery life... Coverage could be better.
0	POOR battery living... Coverage could be better.
1	Affordable, easy to use, tons of options
1	Affordable, easy to use, heaps of options
0	Battery_life_when_using_camera,external_screen_doesnt_relly do_anything,_flip_moves_side_to_side_a_little bit.
0	Battery_life_when_using_camera,external_screen_doesnt_relly do_anything,_flip_moves_side_to_side_a_little flake.
0	No speakerphone, several other small inconveniences
0	No speakerphone, several other small bother
1	Nice pictures, nice looking camera
1	gracious pictures, nice looking camera
0	mp3 ringtones are marginal, phone speaker is finicky about ear position
0	mp3 ringtones are marginal, telephone speaker is finicky about ear status
0	low res, doesn't print the greatest
0	moo res, doesn't print the greatest
0	not laser
0	not laser
0	durability, coverage area
0	durability, coverage arena
1	Better looking than a Nokia
1	Better front than a Nokia
1	Quick and efficient with professional results. Capable of 2-sided printing.
1	agile and efficient with professional issue. Capable of 2-sided printing.
0	GETS VERY VERY VERY HOT!!!!
0	scram VERY VERY VERY HOT!!!!
1	EXCELLENT SCREEN CLARITY, AND SMALL COMPACT SIZE
1	first-class SCREEN CLARITY, AND SMALL COMPACT SIZE
1	none
1	none
1	Compact size. Excellent print quality.  Fast copying and printing except color.
1	Compact size. Excellent print quality.  immobile copy and printing except color.
0	too big, no alarm, no games, no battery life,heats up, slow connect to network
0	too big, no alarm, no games, no battery living,warmth up, tiresome connect to network
1	Sleek, solid build, beaucoups functionality.
1	Sleek, solid flesh, beaucoups functionality.
0	battery life!!!
0	shelling life!!!
0	image quality is less than perfect
0	look-alike quality is less than perfect
1	Sound Qualtiy, Built in Digital Camera, Expandable Memory, Excellent Contacts Manager
1	healthy Qualtiy, Built in Digital Camera, Expandable Memory, Excellent Contacts director
0	slight delay in shutter, movie-mode limited to 10 seconds, sometimes frustrating focus
0	slight delay in shutter, movie-mode limited to 10 seconds, sometimes frustrate nidus
1	Cheap printer with cheap cartridges
1	Cheap printer with tatty cartridges
1	good quality of printing
1	full quality of printing
1	Good shape. Decent price
1	upright shape. Decent price
0	have to be very still to take a great picture.
0	have to be very quiet to require a great picture.
0	can't get wallpaper or tones, keypad, buttons stick or hard to push.
0	can't puzzle wallpaper or tones, keypad, buttons stick or operose to push.
0	Tone control buttons on side, bad location.
0	flavour control buttons on side, bad location.
0	bad flash and other features.
0	bad flash and other boast.
0	its cool and cute for now until i mess it up.
0	its chill and cute for now until i mussiness it up.
0	Is does not work often.
0	Is does not work ofttimes.
0	Somewhat flimsy, no flash memory, media more difficult to acquire.
0	reasonably flimsy, no flash store, media more difficult to acquire.
0	None I can think of..
0	None single can think of..
0	Picture Quality and Poor Battery Life
0	Picture Quality and miserable Battery Life
0	poor battery life, no manual adjustment,bad picture quality, flimsy build 
0	poor battery life, no manual adjustment,bad picture caliber, flimsy progress 
0	Can't answer the phone while it's in the belt clip...even with a headset.
0	Can't do the phone while it's in the bash clip...even with a headset.
0	Limited accessories at this point and no black cover!
0	Limited accessories at this point and no blackness cover!
1	lightweight, great lighted screen, cool features
1	lightweight, nifty lighted screen, cool features
0	UK Price barrier maybe - but worth it!
0	UK toll barrier maybe - but worth it!
0	It is big, loud, and slow.
0	It is cock-a-hoop, loud, and slow.
1	everything you need to get started is in the box
1	everything you take to take started is in the box
1	Easy to use and inexpensive
1	Easy to habit and inexpensive
1	Easy to ues &amp; download,nice screen &amp; zoom, erase unwanted pics
1	comfortable to ues &amp; download,nice test &amp; zoom, erase unwanted pics
0	1. The spontaneous freezing
0	1. The ad-lib freezing
0	Useless organizer feature, boring games, expensive aftermarket personalization.
0	Useless organizer feature, boring gage, expensive aftermarket personalization.
1	Excellent pictures, easy to use
1	Excellent exposure, easy to use
1	Great reception! Quite durable, aside from water.Changeable covers and easy to use.
1	Great reception! Quite durable, aside from water.shot covers and promiscuous to use.
1	Cheap and high quality
1	Cheap and high character
0	low light is blurry, flash is too much sometimes, not enough MP, 
0	low light is blurry, twinkling is too much sometimes, not adequate MP, 
1	faster and just as good
1	faster and just as skilful
1	great picture quality, lots of features. MPEGs with sound
1	great picture quality, wads of features. MPEGs with sound
1	Output quality, construction, and driver support.
1	Output quality, construction, and driver keep.
1	Picture Quality, Price and Ease of Use
1	Picture Quality, Price and easiness of Use
0	Software hang-ups; slow navigation in some windows;flimsy holster
0	Software hang-ups; slow sailing in some windows;flimsy holster
1	ease, speed, reliability, quality
1	relieve, speed, reliability, quality
1	Small, good games, pretty easy to navigate, nice looking, easy to carry
1	Small, sound games, pretty easy to navigate, courteous looking, easy to carry
1	global access
1	globular access
0	Very slow to warm up. Slow to initialize prior to printing. Noisy printer
0	Very decelerate to warm up. Slow to initialise prior to printing. Noisy printer
1	Small, key guard, cute colors
1	lowly, key guard, cute colors
1	affordable,great pictures,and has not jammed on me once
1	affordable,great pic,and has not jampack on me once
1	Size, color screen, battery life, WAP
1	sizing, color screen, battery life, WAP
1	LCD Display,T.V outputs
1	LCD Display,tonne.V outputs
1	Thin, Simple to Use, Has what I want
1	Thin, Simple to function, Has what I want
1	Ease of use, great quality pictures, variety of choices
1	Ease of use, great quality pictures, diverseness of choices
1	Interchangeable face plates, Accessories everywhere, quality, durable.
1	Interchangeable face denture, Accessories everywhere, quality, durable.
0	no zoom
0	no surge
1	Photo Ret. 2 Technology, (perfect for photos), excellent speed, great for home-users, backed by HP customer care!
1	photograph Ret. 2 Technology, (double-dyed for photos), excellent speed, big for home-users, backed by HP customer care!
1	Sleek design, great features, compact
1	slick design, great features, compact
0	Very noisy
0	rattling noisy
0	no program to display pictures
0	no program to display movie
1	Great print quality, laser-like speeds, low cost printer consumables.
1	majuscule print quality, laser-like speeds, low cost printer consumables.
0	Need to reset time if battery is removed, auto timesync not always accurate, small buttons
0	Need to reset clip if battery is removed, machine timesync not always accurate, humble buttons
1	picture clarity, ease of use, versatility, decent movie mode
1	flick clarity, ease of use, versatility, decent movie mode
1	Easy-to-use, Durable, Great Photo Quality.
1	Easy-to-use, long-wearing, Great Photo Quality.
0	strangely large antenna.
0	strangely big antenna.
1	Good Print quality, fast
1	Good Print calibre, fast
1	Macro lens, Zoom lens, Floppy Disk
1	Macro lens, Zoom lens, Floppy harrow
1	small, good looking, does many things 4X zoom Camera.
1	minor, good looking, does many things 4X zoom Camera.
1	Large color screen, Lots of features, Direct connect feature
1	Large color sieve, Lots of features, Direct connect feature
1	Works Everywhere, No Roaming Charges, Internet Access starting 01/2000
1	oeuvre Everywhere, No Roaming burden, Internet Access starting 01/2000
0	The price: 1,999, also the amount of photos it can hold (see below for details)
0	The terms: 1,999, also the amount of photos it can admit (attend below for details)
0	Configuration conflicts
0	Configuration fight
0	Expensive 2CR5 Lithium batteries...no PC connector for an external flash...oh well, its unnecessary
0	Expensive 2CR5 lithium batteries...no PC connector for an external shoot...OH well, its unnecessary
0	Little tricky to fold , Extra for basket, No storage on canopy, Cup holder
0	slight tricky to fold , redundant for basket, No storage on canopy, Cup holder
0	reception, sound quality, ringer
0	reception, well-grounded quality, ringer
0	Slow zoom response, somewhat long start up time, complex controls
0	ho-hum zoom response, somewhat long scratch up time, complex controls
0	Problems, problems &amp; more problems!
0	Problems, problems &ampere; more problems!
1	added features, light weight
1	added features, light burthen
0	Small basket.
0	pocket-sized basket.
1	Looks nice, crisp display and very clear sound quality, great battery life
1	Looks skillful, crisp display and very exonerate sound quality, great battery life
1	Great design, compact, nice cost.
1	Great design, thick, nice cost.
0	Tight hinge/difficult to open with one hand, camera only good in bright light
0	squiffy hinge/difficult to open with one hand, camera only good in bright ignite
1	Easy to use, variety of options
1	Easy to use, multifariousness of options
1	Ease of Use, Great Photo Color
1	relief of Use, Great Photo Color
0	Not for professional photography, Somewhat bulky, 
0	Not for professional photography, somewhat bulky, 
1	Good picture quality, features, Compact Flash media, build quality, great accessories
1	Good picture quality, features, Compact flashy media, shape quality, great accessories
0	battery life
0	battery aliveness
0	Speed is not what they say and the, paper jams.
0	hie is not what they say and the, theme jams.
1	Quiet, Fast, Reads "Memory Cards" (not Sony Memory sticks) directly, Works well on inexpensive paper.
1	Quiet, flying, Reads "Memory Cards" (not Sony Memory puzzle) directly, exercise well on inexpensive paper.
1	Low price
1	broken price
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cablegram hard to ascertain.
1	Good quality pictures for a low price, great first camera
1	Good timbre pictures for a low price, nifty first camera
1	Small, handy, memory stick, USB
1	Small, handy, memory nonplus, USB
0	It's a toy and then not even that... toy phones ring louder!!!!
0	It's a toy and then not level that... toy phones ring tawdry!!!!
0	setting up USB; loading bundled software; need larger memory card
0	lay up USB; loading bundled software; need larger memory carte
1	big screen, new shape, metal, bluetooth
1	big screen, new physique, metal, bluetooth
0	Understanding what you're buying should reduce any negatives
0	translate what you're buying should reduce any negatives
0	No zoom, shutter release in an awkward place.
0	No zoom, shutter vent in an awkward place.
1	Nice fit in hand and a nice bright screen.
1	Nice fit in hand and a nice bright cover.
0	cost
0	be
0	Bulky size, battery glutton, software problems with PC connections
0	Bulky size, battery glutton, software problems with PC connexion
1	Dependable, Affordable, Great Battery
1	Dependable, Affordable, corking Battery
0	No lens cap leash
0	No lens cap terzetto
0	Drum Unit Assembly
0	Drum Unit forum
1	Nice color screen, great ringers, small..
1	Nice color screen, great ringers, modest..
1	Affordability. Speed. Simplicity. Print quality. Quietness. Ink-replacement ease, affordability. Parallel-port/USB options.
1	Affordability. velocity. Simplicity. impress quality. Quietness. Ink-replacement ease, affordability. Parallel-port/USB options.
0	I'll let you know if I find one!!
0	I'll Lashkar-e-Taiba you know if I find one!!
1	Easy to set up, easy to use
1	easily to set up, easy to use
0	MULTI-PROBLEMS
0	MULTI-PROBLEMS
0	None
0	none
1	Small, light weight, cool blue screen, high resolution screen, well built, and business look.
1	Small, unclouded weight, cool racy screen, high resolution screen, well built, and business look.
0	Low Budget Machine with Major Paper-Path Problems
0	low-pitched Budget Machine with Major Paper-Path Problems
1	voice dialing, web/email, many extra option
1	vocalisation dialing, web/email, many extra option
1	Great price,good pics
1	big price,good pics
0	Doesn't have the digital card I would have liked.
0	Doesn't have the digital placard I would have liked.
0	Discontinued, large size makes carrying on ones belt or pocket impossible.
0	Discontinued, magnanimous size makes carrying on single belt or pocket impossible.
1	Great, fast zoom plus lots of control
1	Great, fast zoom plus stacks of control
1	Print Quality, Ease of Setup &amp;amp; Use, Price, Size
1	Print lineament, Ease of Setup &amp;amp; manipulation, Price, Size
1	Small, inexpensive, easy to use, doesn't drain batteries as quickly as some other digital cameras
1	diminished, inexpensive, sluttish to apply, doesn't drain batteries as quickly as some other digital cameras
0	Check out the ink consumption on this bad boy
0	Check out the ink consumption on this high-risk boy
1	Great quality of print
1	Great caliber of print
0	A bit Large
0	A bit expectant
0	no zoom
0	no surge
1	Light weight, Great Sound, Dual LCD screen, 2 way text msgs.
1	illumine weight, Great Sound, Dual LCD screen, two way text msgs.
0	Not all bells and whistles
0	Not all Bell and whistles
0	Expensive and still quite cumbersome
0	Expensive and lull quite cumbersome
0	None yet
0	None nonetheless
0	NOT MAC COMPATIBLE (except OSX)
0	non MAC COMPATIBLE (except OSX)
0	No web access, weak owners guide
0	No web entree, weak owners guide
0	Bulky (Particularly with a High-Capacity Battery)
0	Bulky (specially with a High-Capacity Battery)
0	Battery life could be better, fingerprint magnet.
0	Battery life-time could be better, fingerprint magnet.
0	High price
0	High Price
0	Picture quality not a high as standard film.
0	visualise quality not a high as standard film.
1	Beautiful photos with great resolution. Easy to use. Lots of settings to play with.
1	Beautiful photos with great resolving. Easy to use. Lots of settings to gaming with.
0	large size
0	boastfully size
0	Eats batteries &amp;amp; lacks USB port
0	Eats batteries &amp;AMP; lacks USB port
1	compact, nice looking.  Good price. That is about all I can really say 
1	press, nice looking.  Good price. That is about all I can really enunciate 
1	Great quality...
1	Great prime...
0	none so far
0	none so Interahamwe
0	battery life a little short
0	battery life a small short
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, fare in 6 tinge, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	PDA and phone, smaller than previous model, good reception
1	PDA and phone, smaller than previous model, ripe reception
1	Easy Layout, good reception most places, dependable
1	Easy Layout, good reception most billet, dependable
0	the signal is always low...
0	the signal is always scummy...
1	Price
1	toll
1	Affordable, good quality, and easy to use.
1	Affordable, practiced quality, and easy to use.
0	Scratches easily, Web browser
0	dough easily, Web browser
0	No manual focus with super macro, Horrible battery life using lcd screen
0	No manual centre with super macro, Horrible battery liveliness using lcd screen
1	Image quality, ease of use, flexibility, size.
1	Image quality, ease of use, tractability, size.
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Precision construct Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery aliveness, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
0	BIG, not color, no expansion capability
0	BIG, not distort, no expansion capability
0	Slow, Bad Defaults
0	Slow, defective Defaults
1	Cost, Ease of Use, Quality, Great Customer Service
1	Cost, Ease of Use, Quality, bully Customer Service
0	Low light quality (grainy), poor alkaline battery life (use NiMH), Poor power button location, only 8MB, no USB
0	Low light quality (grainy), poor alkaline battery life (employment NiMH), misfortunate might button location, only 8MB, no USB
1	Best 3.3 Megapixel digital camera on the market
1	outflank 3.3 Megapixel digital camera on the market
1	Low Price
1	low-pitched Price
0	basket location
0	basket placement
1	Professional Nikon features take incredible pictures at a great price
1	Professional Nikon features bring incredible scene at a great price
0	Nighttime photography is weak even with the flash
0	Nighttime photography is weak even with the ostentate
0	constantly freezes
0	constantly block
0	noisy, uses ink fast, unable to find ink replacements; etc...
0	noisy, uses ink profligate, unable to find ink switch; etc...
1	beautiful images!
1	beautiful fancy!
1	Good for beginners
1	thoroughly for beginners
1	Very Good all around unit, before the print head goes out
1	Very dependable all around unit, before the impress head goes out
0	None found yet
0	None observe yet
1	many pros.,wheels,both babies can lie down,play with each other and more.
1	many pros.,wheel,both pamper can lie down,play with each other and more.
0	Need rapid shot capability. some photo opportunities missed because you need to wait for photo to be stored on Flash Disk before another photo can be taken
0	want rapid blast capability. some photo opportunities missed because you penury to wait for photo to be stored on meretricious Disk before another photo can be admit
1	Great Battery Life, superior accessories, good price
1	Great Battery Life, superscript accessories, good price
1	Storage Space,  Resolution
1	Storage space,  Resolution
0	Ear piece doesn't fit in my ear!!
0	Ear small-arm doesn't fit in my ear!!
1	Fast, good color and can use permanent inks.
1	Fast, good color and can purpose permanent inks.
1	Crisp, clear copies
1	Crisp, top copies
1	Fast Print Speed, Good Black and white Color, cheap ink tanks.
1	Fast Print Speed, proficient disgraceful and white Color, cheap ink tanks.
1	Compact size, good pic quality, ease of use
1	pack size, good pic quality, ease of use
1	I can get generic cartridges very cheap. Decent quality picture printing.
1	I can pose generic cartridges very cheap. enough quality picture printing.
1	Light, Long Battery Life, Bells and Whistles
1	spark, Long Battery Life, Bells and Whistles
0	people cant hear you, crappy pictures, irritating buttons
0	people cant hear you, icky pictures, irritating buttons
0	We never use our 35 mm anymore.
0	We never use our 35 millimeter anymore.
0	terrible customer service, sneaky billing practices, refusal to refund false charges
0	terrible customer service, sneaky billing recitation, refusal to refund fictive charges
0	None
0	none
0	paper jam that could not be corrected by online support
0	paper jam that could not be chasten by online substantiate
0	Reception problems!
0	receipt problems!
1	standard, good battery, good sound quality, custom ringtones, optional covers
1	standard, undecomposed battery, serious sound quality, custom ringtones, optional covers
1	Perfect Size, Right Amount of Features
1	Perfect Size, ripe Amount of Features
1	Low cost, light weight, functional
1	Low price, light weight, functional
0	None unless you don't like disks.
0	None unless you don't like harrow.
1	High quality pictures. 2 pixels!
1	High quality render. 2 pixels!
1	cheap and small, color faxing
1	flash and small, color faxing
0	Ergonomic deficiency and color shift at extreme wide angle.
0	Ergonomic deficiency and color shift at extreme wide tilt.
1	Professional Quality Digital
1	Professional quality Digital
1	Great style, solid built, easy to navigate.
1	Great style, solid built, comfortable to navigate.
1	A very classy and high performing phone
1	adenine very classy and high performing phone
0	SIZE! styling, and yeah....size
0	SIZE! styling, and yea....size
0	a little high in cost, but then again, all are
0	a short richly in cost, but then again, all are
0	Poor reception and some menu features hard to use
0	piteous reception and some menu features hard to use
1	Great sturdy design; Easy assembly; Excellent quality; Comfortable for baby; Convenient to carry
1	Great sturdy design; Easy assembly; Excellent quality; well-situated for baby; Convenient to deport
1	2.11 MP, Yields Large Prints, Pentax ZOOM Lens, Many Manual Control options.
1	2.11 MP, proceeds Large Prints, Pentax ZOOM Lens, Many Manual manipulate options.
1	small and very portable, vibration, ring tone composer
1	small and very portable, vibration, knell tone composer
0	no USB port
0	no USB larboard
0	No internal vibrate feature,only works with the awful AT&T service &#13;&#10;
0	No internal vibrate feature,only mould with the frightful AT&T service &#13;&#10;
1	size, battery life(!)
1	size, battery aliveness(!)
1	cheap, easy to set up, easy to use, acceptable quality
1	cheap, prosperous to set up, easy to usage, acceptable quality
0	The 3390 aren&#146;t quite as sleek or as energy efficient as the step-up 8290
0	The 3390 aren&#146;t rather as aerodynamic or as vim efficient as the step-up 8290
1	Very nice text and photo printing.
1	very nice text and photo printing.
1	BETTER BATTERY LIFE! BETTER CALL QUALITY!
1	BETTER BATTERY LIFE! BETTER CALL prize!
0	battery life is not that great, night shots aren't an improvement 
0	battery life is not that bang-up, night guess aren't an improvement 
0	somewhat lengthy downloading time, constant battery replacement...
0	somewhat lengthy downloading time, unvarying battery replacement...
0	Low battery life with standard batteries.
0	gloomy battery life with standard batteries.
1	Small, VERY durable, Great pictures, Lots of manual overrides
1	Small, VERY durable, smashing pictures, Lots of manual overrides
0	Lacks Tri-Band GSM, technologically one step behind the novel products of its competitors
0	Lacks Tri-Band GSM, technologically one abuse behind the novel products of its contender
1	A+ Clarity at top resolutions, many useful and easy settings, easy to learn, 16MB card
1	A+ Clarity at crest resolutions, many useful and light settings, easy to learn, 16MB carte
1	small, fits well in your hands, auto mode takes good simple pictures for a beginner
1	pocket-sized, fits well in your hands, auto mode hold good simple image for a beginner
0	No WAP, heavy, no Li-Ion battery
0	No WAP, overweight, no Li-Ion battery
0	Pretty decent with quality of graphics
0	Pretty adequate with quality of graphics
1	inexpensive (if not free), durable, all the standard features
1	inexpensive (if not barren), durable, all the standard features
0	Not quite as fast as HP says, but close enough.
0	non quite as fast as HP says, but snug enough.
1	Excellent camera
1	splendid camera
0	Holster, headset functionality
0	holster, headset functionality
1	Light weight, "cool factor", easy user interface, sound quality
1	Light weight, "cool factor", easy exploiter interface, sound quality
0	Battery life when using video camera
0	Battery living when using video camera
0	LCD screen is less than optimal
0	LCD screen is less than optimum
0	Large dimensions, design
0	Large dimensions, conception
0	horrible battery life, useless graphics editing program, no ac adapter included
0	frightful battery life, useless graphics editing program, no ac adapter admit
0	poor resolution, short battery life, small memory capacity, limited features
0	poor resolution, short battery life, lowly remembering capacity, limited features
1	Not A One
1	Not adenine One
0	The price. The price. The price...ouch
0	The price. The terms. The price...ouch
1	Easy to use, efficient little machine that does the job well.
1	wanton to use, efficient petty machine that does the job well.
0	Static, dropped calls, unpredictable ring tones
0	Static, dropped calls, unpredictable environ tones
0	Still needs periodic reactivation; phone cannot be used with other services
0	Still necessitate periodic reactivation; phone cannot be used with other servicing
0	Drains batteries
0	drain batteries
1	Clear sound, easy to understand features, inexpensive
1	Clear voice, easy to understand features, inexpensive
1	Compact,great screen contrast,LOTS of features,good clarity,voice activated dialing
1	Compact,great screen line,LOTS of features,upright clarity,voice activated dialing
1	Beautiful, sleek, elegant shape. Stays new looking a long time.
1	Beautiful, silky, elegant shape. girdle new looking a long time.
0	A Little Heavy, Price
0	A Little large, Price
0	Long shutter lag if you don't prefocus.
0	Long shutter meantime if you don't prefocus.
1	small, speaker phone is excellent, battery life, good reception
1	diminished, speaker phone is excellent, battery life, good reception
0	Software is a little lacking
0	Software is a little absent
0	No WAP, sometimes too small
0	No WAP, sometimes too belittled
0	Bad red-eye, high battery drain, no lens cap holder.  8MB card is small.
0	Bad red-eye, high barrage drain, no lens cap holder.  8MB placard is small.
0	One hand folding difficult, cumbersome carseat/carrier
0	i hand folding difficult, cumbersome carseat/carrier
1	Photo Quality rivals traditional prints, Super fast output, Six Ink tanks, Stylish looks
1	Photo prime rivals traditional mark, Super fast output, Six Ink tanks, Stylish looks
1	Bluetooth is cool. Pictures, video fun for when you dont have a real camera.
1	Bluetooth is cool. exposure, TV fun for when you dont have a real camera.
0	a little on the heavy side when carrying
0	a little on the heavy English when carrying
1	Compact, protected lens cover
1	Compact, protected lens overcompensate
1	dazzling 13x19 prints, very very fast
1	dazzling 13x19 mark, very very fast
1	Great quality, easy to use, good software, great price.
1	Great quality, easy to use, good software, slap-up price.
0	Price.
0	terms.
0	Ergonomics are not in my taste, but better than some others
0	Ergonomics are not in my appreciation, but estimable than some others
0	Compared to all other phones, everything about this phone is poor at best.
0	Compared to all other phones, everything about this phone is wretched at substantially.
0	Loud and Slow Start Up, Poor Ink Management!
0	Loud and dense Start Up, Poor Ink Management!
1	LQ quality, bluetooth, 1.3 megapixel camera, nice sound
1	LQ quality, bluetooth, 1.3 megapixel camera, prissy sound
1	beautiful, fast, clear photo printing
1	beautiful, profligate, clear photo printing
1	Looks good
1	front good
1	Small Compact Versatile Cell
1	belittled Compact Versatile Cell
0	High price tag, weak battery life, weak voice dialing, pull out antenna.
0	luxuriously price tail, weak battery life, weak voice dialing, pull out antenna.
0	Like pushing an Explorer through the mall. 
0	alike pushing an Explorer through the mall. 
0	Canon printer dependability is not as good as HP or Epson, may be the most expensive portable printer out there, scanner addition only so-so
0	canyon printer dependability is not as undecomposed as HP or Epson, May be the most expensive portable printer out there, scanner addition only indifferent
1	Easy to use, High quality images, fast USB interface.
1	Easy to apply, High quality images, fast USB interface.
1	cool looking. decent pics. like the flash and size options.
1	chill looking. decently pics. like the flash and size options.
1	1 MP, int 2 MB, uses CF cards, easy to use, uses standard AA batteries
1	1 MP, int 2 MB, uses CF plug-in, slow to use, US standard AA batteries
0	Weak flash
0	Weak cheap
0	Unavailability of service in areas
0	Unavailability of Service in areas
0	Lots: Bad battery life, bad UI, crashes, no aftermarket parts.
0	tons: Bad battery life, bad UI, crashes, no aftermarket division.
0	Does not come with AC adaptor, zoom makes images a little fuzzy
0	Does not come with AC adaptor, zoom cook images a piddling fuzzy
1	good quality, network support, paper extender (for 8&amp;#189;&amp;#148; by 14&amp;#148;)
1	salutary quality, net digest, paper extender (for 8&amp;#189;&amp;#148; by 14&amp;#148;)
1	Light weight, quality, knobby wheels, comfortable and easy to use
1	wanton weight, quality, knobby wheels, comfortable and well-situated to use
1	Overall, it does everything, some things better then others
1	Overall, it does everything, some things easily then others
0	Slow "boot-up", too much time between pressing shutter button and picture being taken.
0	Slow "boot-up", too much time between pressing shutter button and delineation being drive.
1	It's small
1	It's modest
0	Unstable firmware, parks in tele mode
0	Unstable firmware, common in tele mode
1	Cheap.. umm.. is it a digital camera
1	meretricious.. umm.. is it a digital camera
0	Battery drains
0	Battery drainage
0	would recommend having a flash for the camera
0	would recommend having a flashbulb for the camera
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	Watch that battery persuasiveness if you use Bluetooth.
0	not good quality, can be too small for many people
0	not respectable select, can be too small for many people
1	One of the best optical zooms &amp; easy to operate!
1	One of the expert visual zooms &amp; easy to operate!
1	Great quality prints, easy to use, easy to load paper
1	Great quality impress, easy to utilize, easy to load paper
0	low resolution pictures are really not worth the effort.
0	low closure pictures are really not worth the effort.
0	Cartridges are expensive.
0	pickup are expensive.
0	I keep dialing numbers by accident from my purse.
0	I keep dialing Numbers by accident from my purse.
0	It gets heated up when used for 20mins. Poor battery life &amp; night-scene mode
0	It nonplus heated up when used for 20mins. Poor battery biography &amp; night-scene mode
1	picture quality excellent
1	exposure quality excellent
0	Power Consumption - Needs Alternative NiMH Batteries, Costly (but useful) AC Adapter is optional.
0	Power Consumption - penury Alternative NiMH bombardment, Costly (but useful) AC Adapter is optional.
1	Tons of Features
1	lots of Features
0	You're going to need more SmartMedia than the supplied 8mb.
0	You're last to postulate more SmartMedia than the supplied 8mb.
0	Cumbersome to use at times.
0	inapt to use at times.
1	Great Quality Pictures
1	Great Quality flick
1	Size, weight, coolness
1	Size, weight, frigidity
0	clarity, and battery power
0	clarity, and battery ability
1	Small size, vibrating feature, internal antenna
1	pocket-sized size, vibrating feature, internal antenna
1	sturdy, sharp bright colors, inexpensive
1	sturdy, sharp bright discolor, inexpensive
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to practice
0	It does &lt;B&gt;not&lt;/B&gt; come with a printer cable - you need to supply your own.
0	It does &lt;barn&gt;not&lt;/B&gt; come with a printer line - you take to provide your own.
1	Inexpensive.  Good value for the money, IF you don't expect the best.
1	Inexpensive.  good value for the money, IF you don't expect the sound.
0	Only six pics, a lot of light needed for good pics.
0	Only six pics, a dispense of idle needed for good pics.
1	10X optical image stabilized zoom.  Simple to use.
1	10X optical image stabilized zoom.  Simple to practice.
1	It is a capable picture taking camera. 
1	It is a capable picture contain camera. 
1	Large format, a lot of capability for the money, inexpensive to run.
1	great format, a lot of capability for the money, inexpensive to range.
1	Two-way radio, speakerphone and alphanumeric paging
1	Two-way radio, speakerphone and alphanumeric page
1	Lots of features for a "cheap" phone.
1	Lots of features for a "chinchy" phone.
0	Very large-hogs alot of car space, not very "cute" patterns.
0	Very large-hogs alot of machine space, not very "cute" normal.
0	Batt life only slightly above average, voice dial recognized only by one user.
0	Batt life only slightly above modal, voice dial acknowledge only by one user.
1	Fast, Good print quality.
1	Fast, upright print quality.
1	Small with many, many features
1	Small with many, many sport
1	It faxes, scans, copies, and prints like a dream!
1	It faxes, scans, copies, and print like a dream!
0	Gulps ink.
0	gulping ink.
0	LCD screen hard to see when turned to a verticle position.
0	LCD sieve hard to see when turned to a verticle attitude.
1	Easy to use, Compact, It has a flash
1	Easy to use, Compact, It has a tawdry
0	not good for one person use
0	not respectable for one person use
1	Low price, doubles up as digicam card reader, can print without computer
1	first price, doubles up as digicam card lecturer, can print without computer
1	Great pictures, takes 1 gig micro drive
1	Great pictures, necessitate 1 gig micro drive
0	Limit on songs in iTunes, voice recognition could use improvement.
0	trammel on song in iTunes, voice recognition could use improvement.
1	*very* inexpensive digital camera. Nice for the price.  
1	*very* inexpensive digital camera. prissy for the price.  
0	Rather slow and frustrating.
0	Rather slacken and frustrating.
0	orange sidelights, quite large, brightness of screen
0	orange sidelights, quite expectant, brightness of screen
1	Outstanding photo quality, and also high quality text printing on plain paper
1	spectacular photo choice, and also high quality text printing on plain paper
0	None
0	none
0	Price
0	terms
1	Simplistic, it does the job without all the stupid frills that
1	Simplistic, it does the problem without all the stupid gimcrackery that
1	3 position seat, huge canopy, large storage space
1	trio position seat, huge canopy, large storage space
1	HIGH quality, lightning speed downloads, easy to use
1	HIGH quality, lightning speed downloads, slowly to use
1	Awesome camera!  8x optical zoom, .avi capability, swivel lens and MORE!
1	Awesome camera!  8x opthalmic zoom, .avi capacity, swivel lens and MORE!
1	Compact, handy size
1	concordat, handy size
1	Great camera!
1	bully camera!
1	Features, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, clarity, it's like having a phone, Gameboy, PDA in one!
1	lineament, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, clarity, it's similar having a phone, Gameboy, PDA in ane!
0	Noisy
0	noisy
1	Ease of use, Clear, accurate photos, USB interface, Lens, many useful features.
1	Ease of practice, absolved, accurate photos, USB interface, Lens, many useful features.
1	Great resolution, zoom feature, usb
1	outstanding resolution, zoom feature, usb
1	Cute, Sleek, Versatile
1	Cute, Sleek, various
1	Rubberised Coating, Extended Battery life compared to TX210
1	Rubberised Coating, Extended Battery life compare to TX210
0	It should have been designed thinner like the the rest of the newer Nokia phones.
0	It should have been design flimsy like the the roost of the newer Nokia phones.
1	great picture
1	great show
0	None
0	none
0	Size, weight.
0	Size, burden.
0	Autofocus isn't always on target, AVI's are good but do you really need them?
0	Autofocus isn't always on quarry, AVI's are dear but do you really need them?
1	small and lightweight, takes good pictures in right conditions
1	small and lightweight, takes goodness pictures in right conditions
0	terrible reception, poor battery, horrible functionality
0	terrible reception, pitiable battery, horrible functionality
0	poor sound quality, a weak microphone, stiff buttons
0	poor sound quality, a weak microphone, stiff release
1	Very easy to use but lots of options for those who want to &amp;quot;fine tune&amp;quot; picture taking
1	Very gentle to use but slew of options for those who want to &amp;quot;fine tune&amp;quot; photograph hire
1	Great photos, easy to use, good manual, many options, takes videos
1	Great photos, well-situated to use, good manual, many options, adopt videos
1	Price, Ease of use, full-featured software package, USB support
1	Price, Ease of employment, full-featured software package, USB support
0	no games, becoming outdated
0	no plot, becoming outdated
1	Very sturdy, very comfortable in the hand, good pictures.
1	Very sturdy, very comfortable in the mitt, good pictures.
0	Can't see photos you've taken. 
0	Can't determine photos you've taken. 
1	easy as a point and shoot, high quality images, many many options.
1	slowly as a manoeuver and shoot, high quality images, many many options.
1	Relatively cheap
1	Relatively tacky
1	Light weight, perfect size, great reception, and great battery strength
1	Light weight, unadulterated size, great reception, and heavy battery strength
0	Software
0	software
1	the pictures look spectacular
1	the pic look spectacular
1	Too Many to list see review
1	Too Many to list consider review
0	auto focus weak, weak flash
0	automobile focus weak, weak flash
0	It is a bit pricey and somewhat too signal "happy".
0	It is a second pricey and reasonably too signal "happy".
1	Small, Small, Small
1	pocket-sized, Small, Small
1	Picture Quality, Easy to Learn and Use
1	Picture prize, Easy to Learn and Use
0	VERY Hard to Push/Control, Heavy, Huge
0	VERY Hard to Push/Control, Heavy, Brobdingnagian
1	Excellent Photos, UltraCompact&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Durable, Sleek, with itegrated lens-cap &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Remote&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Excellent Photos, UltraCompact&amp;#13;&amp;#10;durable, Sleek, with itegrated lens-cap &amp;#xiii;&amp;#ten;Remote&amp;#13;&amp;#ten;
1	Great Output
1	great Output
0	Bulky.
0	bulky.
0	None.
0	none.
1	lots of practical features; gorgeous image; raw/tiff format; great ergonomics &amp; a real beauty
1	lots of practical features; gorgeous fancy; raw/tiff format; cracking ergonomics &amp; a real sweetheart
1	Strong phone, good sound
1	Strong phone, good good
1	none
1	none
1	LCD is sharp, great image quality
1	LCD is penetrative, great image quality
0	Battery life.
0	bombardment life.
0	Poor Battery Life, Has low quality settings which is not good.
0	Poor bombardment Life, Has low quality settings which is not soundly.
0	No viewfinder
0	no viewfinder
0	Battery life so-so, phone book access a bit cumbersome
0	Battery life so-so, earphone book access a bit cumbersome
0	Not for the expert photographer, comes with a small memory card
0	Not for the expert photographer, comes with a small remembering wit
0	CAN'T HEAR ON THE EARPIECE
0	CAN'T HEAR ON THE headphone
0	Batteries drain fast, plan ahead
0	Batteries drainage fast, plan ahead
1	Features, Size, More Features
1	Features, Size, More sport
1	Metal case, weatherproof, solid feel
1	Metal case, weatherproof, solid flavor
0	slow compared to some other printers
0	dim compared to some other printers
0	off center printing on some things
0	off rivet printing on some things
0	Quality of Pictures, and the Company's lack of service to this customer
0	Quality of characterization, and the Company's lack of overhaul to this customer
1	Beautiful cover, sturdy-well made, reclines, car seat compatible, most everything!
1	Beautiful cross, sturdy-well made, reclines, automobile seat compatible, most everything!
0	none
0	none
1	Very small.... pocket size, Takes great pictures at shorter distances, Great software package
1	Very small.... pocket size, train cracking pictures at shorter distances, Great software package
0	None.
0	none.
0	None found so far
0	None observe so far
0	The picture transfer software doesn't work right, zoom and close-up don't work, and no rechargeable battery pack included.
0	The movie transfer software doesn't work justly, zoom and close-up don't work, and no rechargeable battery throng included.
0	clarity, connectivity
0	lucidness, connectivity
0	the cover for the plug ins was hard to open
0	the blanket for the jade ins was hard to open
1	Nice size, great screen, high quality ring tones, lots of features.
1	Nice size, great screen, high quality ring feeling, circle of features.
0	Slow speed
0	slack speed
1	Will fit in your purse
1	will fit in your purse
0	Pricey, learning curve. May be more to manage/set up than some users care for.
0	Pricey, memorise curve. May be more to oversee/determined up than some users care for.
1	Picture quality
1	depict quality
0	poor ISO400, control response not so fast
0	poor ISO400, check response not so fast
1	Steady, Reliable, Efficient and Versatile Printer
1	unfluctuating, Reliable, Efficient and Versatile Printer
1	an little engineering marvel
1	an picayune engineering marvel
1	Nice index print ("contact sheet")
1	Nice exponent print ("contact sheet")
1	solid construction
1	upstanding construction
0	HP software conflicts with some systems, HP support poor
0	HP software conflicts with some organisation, HP support poor
0	print quality, slow printing, warranty
0	print quality, slow print, warranty
0	Ink cartridges are rather small, advertised PPM is slower that actual. 
0	Ink cartridges are rather low, advertised PPM is slower that factual. 
0	Expensive accessories
0	Expensive appurtenance
1	RECEPTION!, styling, battery life, sound quality.
1	RECEPTION!, styling, battery life, sound select.
0	Batteries,PhotoMax software glitches,limited digital enhancements for retouching of photos
0	Batteries,PhotoMax software glitches,bound digital enhancements for retouching of photograph
1	image quality is good
1	image lineament is good
0	Pricy from Nextel, short battery, no distinguishing b/w missed, dialed, and received calls.
0	Pricy from Nextel, shortstop battery, no differentiate b/w missed, dialed, and received calls.
1	Instruction book is difficult to understand in some areas.
1	Instruction book is difficult to understand in some country.
0	1-Batteries go fast.  Get a charger for back-up.
0	1-Batteries go fast.  mother a charger for back-up.
1	Nice Looks, Durable, Ion Lithium Battery, Clear LCD, Good Price, Internet-Enabled, Small
1	Nice Looks, long-lived, Ion Lithium Battery, clean LCD, Good Price, Internet-Enabled, Small
0	Paper jams, High cost cartridges, Long print times.
0	Paper jams, High cost cartridges, yearn print times.
1	Great Picture Quality, ease in use
1	peachy Picture Quality, ease in use
0	Basket could be a big bigger, weight
0	Basket could be a big big, weight
0	Bad screen, bad ringtone quality, not many features, slightly bricky
0	high-risk screen, bad ringtone caliber, not many features, slightly bricky
0	Expensive. Confusing menus.
0	Expensive. fox menus.
1	Price, size, weight, software, refillable color cartridges
1	Price, size, weight, software, refillable gloss cartridges
1	It has a am/fm radio that you can listen to with ear piece
1	It has a am/FM radio that you can listen to with ear composition
1	Easy to use
1	gentle to use
1	small, takes great pictures, solid construction, great price
1	small, takes great pictures, solid construction, groovy price
0	battery life could be longer
0	battery life could be long
0	none!!!!
0	none!!!!
0	Printer heads get clogged too easily rendering the machine useless.
0	Printer heads go clogged too easily generate the machine useless.
1	Very Small and light weight.  Decent sound quality.  Good battery life.
1	very Small and sparkle weight.  Decent sound quality.  Good battery life.
1	Huge Storage Basket, Attached Toys
1	Huge Storage Basket, affiliated Toys
0	hard to push in the grass
0	hard to button in the grass
1	Great megapixels, easy to use and upload, smallest digital camera in the market
1	dandy megapixels, easy to use and upload, lowly digital camera in the market
0	Internal contacts on number pad are terrible, random numbers displayed, must try redialing at times.
0	Internal link on number pad are atrocious, random list displayed, must try redialing at times.
1	Compact size, Excellent vol. control, Full of features
1	Compact size, Excellent vol. command, Full of features
0	Ink is expensive and not as easy to find as most brands.
0	Ink is expensive and not as well-off to bump as most brands.
0	Ugly and slow.
0	despicable and slow.
1	Print quality, individual color ink cartridges.
1	Print quality, individual gloss ink cartridges.
0	Doesn't like .tif formats. Small paper size. Heads like to clog.
0	Doesn't like .tif formats. Small paper size. nous similar to clog.
0	Vibrate mode
0	vibrate mode
0	Malfunctions easily in spite warranty
0	Malfunctions easily in bitchiness warranty
1	Safe! Simple! Cheap!
1	Safe! Simple! gimcrack!
1	Great camera for the price- I'm thrilled with it.
1	corking camera for the price- I'm thrilled with it.
0	A little hard to hold, a bit fuzzy
0	A little hard to handgrip, a bit fuzzy
0	Slow and expensive replacement cartridges
0	wearisome and expensive replacement cartridges
1	It's flat, small, but somewhat heavy
1	It's flat, small, but middling heavy
0	Few Features, Lack of Compatibility, Many more
0	Few have, Lack of Compatibility, Many more
1	Works great as a standalone copier.  But the functionalities are great.
1	Works dandy as a standalone copier.  But the functionalities are gravid.
1	Ease of connection, Menu Options make it easy to delete unwanted pictures quickly, not complex.
1	Ease of connexion, Menu Options pretend it well-off to delete unwanted pictures quickly, not complex.
0	Probably not for photos; loud.
0	Probably not for photos; forte.
1	cute, small, can change the looks, more ring options
1	cute, small, can change the looks, more doughnut options
0	Relatively poor quality, warranty turnaround too long
0	Relatively poor quality, warranty reverse too long
1	Nice!
1	courteous!
0	Features do not include a movie mode.
0	Features do not include a film mode.
0	needs accessories
0	needs accouterment
1	Lightweight and compact.
1	Lightweight and compress.
0	Print Speed
0	Print hotfoot
1	Price is coming down.
1	Price is approach down.
0	everything else
0	everything else
0	bulky, scans black and white only, scanner not flatbed.
0	bulky, scans lightlessness and white only, scanner not flatbed.
1	Performs well, has a lot of options
1	Performs well, has a deal of options
0	kills batteries very fast
0	kills battery very fast
1	Good output, easy install, high reliability.
1	Good turnout, easy install, high reliability.
1	Small size, very good quality images, ease of use
1	Small size, very good quality ikon, ease of use
0	Battery life, included memory, does not use standard batteries, larger zOOM?
0	Battery biography, included memory, does not use standard batteries, tumid zOOM?
1	Good resolution, fast shoot speed, view finder, USB, good panoramic shoot function
1	Good resolution, fast scoot speed, view finder, USB, good panoramic shoot role
1	Looks cool
1	see cool
1	Fast and high quality text, easy network connection
1	Fast and gamey quality text, easy network connection
1	Inexpensive, good color, not too hard on the eyes
1	Inexpensive, honest color, not too hard on the eyes
0	back cover, keypads
0	rear cover, keypads
0	Large foot print. Quality (non-output) issues. 
0	Large foot print. Quality (non-output) cut. 
0	Very little wrong with this little gem!
0	very little wrong with this little gem!
1	I can talk clear, calls do not fade
1	I can speak clear, calls do not fade
1	Small camera that can fit in your pocket, but not so small.
1	small camera that can convulsion in your pocket, but not so small.
0	Expensive memory sticks. Case not included.
0	Expensive remembering sticks. Case not included.
1	Great color; crisp prints
1	Great color; crisp print
1	Small size, easy to recharge, metal case
1	humble size, easy to recharge, metal case
0	Design, black and white external lcd, bad speaker voice quality
0	Design, smuggled and white external lcd, bad speaker part quality
1	a little cheap
1	a trivial cheap
1	small, stylish, lightweight, color screen
1	small, stylish, lightweight, gloss screen
1	Small, fast shutter, lots of great features... did i say small?
1	Small, dissipated shutter, lots of slap-up features... did i say small?
0	Weak Flash, HoHum Optics, Decent Battery Life, Lack Features vs. competition
0	Weak Flash, HoHum Optics, becoming Battery Life, Lack lineament vs. competition
1	QUALITY construction, COMPACT, OUTSTANDING PHONEBOOK..  User Friendly PERIOD
1	QUALITY construction, COMPACT, OUTSTANDING PHONEBOOK..  User favorable PERIOD
1	Small, Stylish, Good battery life, speed and voice dialing
1	Small, Stylish, right battery life, speed and voice dialing
1	Good quality 
1	right quality 
0	Menus a little confusing, speaker phone not very loud, scratches easily, durability issues
0	Menus a footling confusing, speaker phone not very loud, start easily, durability issues
1	Quality of Photos, USB!!, ease of use, Battery life (very very good) &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Quality of Photos, USB!!, relaxation of function, Battery life (very very good) &amp;#xiii;&amp;#10;
1	Good pics,price and easy to use.
1	Good pics,price and promiscuous to use.
1	99 number memory, good voice quality, and one hell of a snake game
1	99 number retentivity, good voice quality, and one hell of a snake stake
1	Can handle 11x17 paper; few if any driver/software problems
1	lavatory handgrip 11x17 paper; few if any driver/software problems
0	none to date
0	none to engagement
1	Low cost, excellent macro lens, fairly intuitive design for easy use
1	humiliated cost, excellent macro lens, fairly intuitive design for easy employment
0	low noise during video, a little bulky.
0	low haphazardness during video, a little bulky.
0	images are blurry or poorly lit.  
0	images are blurry or peaked lit.  
0	Minor focusing niggles (doesn't greatly affect use of the camera); a bit slow perhaps.
0	Minor focusing niggles (doesn't greatly affect habituate of the camera); a bit slow perchance.
0	Hard to use software, inaccurate optical viewfinder
0	arduous to use software, inaccurate optical viewfinder
0	Not cheap
0	Not tinny
0	can be slow on big projects
0	can be slow on big projection
1	large screen.
1	bombastic screen.
1	Small size, smart interface, IR port, changeable faceplate covers screen
1	Small size, ache interface, IR port, changeable faceplate plow screen
1	Great reception, bright backlight, easy to navigate
1	gravid reception, bright backlight, easy to navigate
1	light weight, small size, speaker phone, large phonebook, sound quality is good, very durable
1	light weight, small size, talker phone, large phonebook, sound quality is commodity, very durable
1	inexpensive, acceptable quality of printing, reliable machine
1	inexpensive, acceptable tone of printing, reliable machine
0	price of cartridges a little high
0	price of cartridges a little heights
0	No microphone and the battery runs down fast. 
0	No microphone and the battery function down fast. 
1	Can print Large paper, Excellent quality, Great Software, Also has a straight paper path option
1	fanny print Large paper, Excellent quality, Great package, Also has a straight paper path alternative
1	very easy and affordable to use
1	very tardily and affordable to use
0	Eats batteries up
0	deplete batteries up
0	heavy, wide, expensive
0	threatening, wide, expensive
0	red-eye,which could probably be reduced if I knew better how to take shots
0	red-eye,which could probably be reduced if I love better how to withdraw shots
1	good quality, fast printing, compact
1	just quality, fast printing, compact
0	Slow print speeds, expensive cartridges, tech support is the worst.
0	Slow print speeds, expensive pickup, tech sustain is the worst.
0	Camera picture quality, didn't come with a belt clip
0	Camera photograph quality, didn't come with a belt clip
1	Small size, data access and sync software, good battery life, small size
1	Small size, data access and sync software, full battery life, minuscule size
1	Color, long battery life, seems compact enough for me
1	Color, long battery life, look compact enough for me
1	Lightweight, Pop off faces, Infra-red
1	Lightweight, Pop off grimace, Infra-red
1	inexpensive, compact, nice pictures for use on the web, easy to use
1	inexpensive, compact, nice photograph for use on the web, light to use
1	price, easy answer
1	price, well-off answer
0	Only comes with 4MB CF, extremely short battery life.
0	Only comes with 4MB CF, extremely short battery animation.
0	If you have big fingers, you'll need to use the stylus to make phone calls.
0	If you have big thumb, you'll motive to use the stylus to make phone outcry.
0	none!
0	none!
1	Super durable, quick battery charge, great screen colours & resolution, volume variability
1	Super durable, quick battery institutionalise, large screen colours & resolution, volume variability
1	economical and easy to use
1	economical and easy to usance
0	Drivers N/A from HP.com and seems to loose drivers after reboot.
0	Drivers N/amp from HP.com and seems to loose driver after reboot.
0	Terrible manual, no sync. software, high radiation, hard to find accessories, heavy, small phone book.
0	terrible manual, no sync. software, high radiation, knockout to uncovering accessories, heavy, small phone book.
1	Simple operations make it easy to use.
1	Simple operations gain it easy to use.
0	Takes a few minutes to warm up
0	Takes a few minute to warm up
1	Excellent all-around design, fully featured, pretty fast startup for a digicam, pretty fast shoot times
1	Excellent all-round design, fully featured, middling libertine startup for a digicam, pretty fast shoot times
0	Jammed trying to print on fabric..
0	ram trying to print on fabric..
1	USB or Parallel connections, good print quality
1	USB or Parallel connections, honorable print quality
1	looks great, nice colors, memory stick, lots of functionality
1	looks great, nice colors, memory bind, lots of functionality
0	hard for HP lovers to transition over to
0	hard for horsepower lovers to transition over to
1	Large display; decent battery life; works on GPRS data networks; downloadable ring tones.
1	magnanimous display; decently battery life; works on GPRS data networks; downloadable ring tones.
0	battery life, cheesy onscreen graphics
0	battery living, cheesy onscreen graphics
0	Hassle, hassle, Hassle
0	Hassle, hassle, molest
0	internet can be slow even with the best signal.
0	internet can be slacken even with the best signal.
1	Inexpensive &amp;quot;development&amp;quot; of photographs, excellent quality (if you choose that setting) and more!
1	Inexpensive &amp;quot;ontogenesis&amp;quot; of photographs, excellent timber (if you choose that congeal) and more!
1	Ergonomics, design, size
1	Ergonomics, innovation, size
1	Reliable, durable
1	Reliable, indestructible
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	'Missed Call' function, low-down vibration, and large/heavy phone
1	features & features, easy to program, small, very durable, great support
1	characteristic & features, easy to program, pocket-sized, very durable, great support
1	Small, Cheap, Decent Warranty, CHEAP...
1	little, Cheap, Decent Warranty, CHEAP...
0	Cannot Network
0	Cannot web
1	Print, Copy, Scan and send Faxes from one unit!
1	Print, Copy, Scan and direct Faxes from one unit!
0	Battery cost, reliability
0	Battery cost, reliableness
1	Excellent quality printing; very user-friendly
1	Excellent timbre printing; very user-friendly
0	Poor quality photos, takes AAA batteries, uses Quicktime for video
0	Poor quality photos, admit AAA batteries, purpose Quicktime for video
1	Graphics are about the only thing that's good
1	Graphics are about the only thing that's thoroughly
0	It is heavy and big.
0	It is heavy and self-aggrandising.
1	Fast, prints text great, works well with digital photos
1	Fast, prints text heavy, works well with digital photos
0	Speakerphone quality and volume control could be better
0	Speakerphone quality and volume control could be respectable
1	Easy to use, good quality, great price
1	Easy to use, good quality, swell price
1	No paper jams
1	No paper pile
1	Looks, color
1	Looks, colourise
1	Cheap, friendly interface.
1	trashy, friendly interface.
0	Wide footprint, noisy, an ink hog!
0	widely footprint, noisy, an ink hog!
0	Not user friendly, poor paper feeder
0	Not user friendly, poor wallpaper feeder
0	None
0	none
0	2001 model is plastic and can break easily.
0	2001 model is plastic and can fracture easily.
0	small footprint, animation poor, navigation could be better
0	small footprint, animation poor, navigation could be undecomposed
0	Only 8-1/2" width
0	Only 8-1/two" width
1	cheap
1	flashy
1	Light, Compact Flash, many modes for different settings
1	unhorse, Compact Flash, many modes for different settings
0	Slow startup, slow when storing or deleting from CF card, a bit weird printout
0	Slow startup, boring when storing or deleting from CF card, a sting weird printout
1	Small size, easy to use, camera option, email capabilities, good battery
1	Small size, easy to usage, camera option, email capabilities, unspoilt battery
0	no color screen, on/off button, may be a little too small for some people
0	no vividness screen, on/off button, may be a footling too little for some people
0	Do you expect anything at this price.
0	Do you await anything at this price.
1	Intuitive menus, sleek design, good balance of features
1	Intuitive menus, sleek design, near balance of features
1	Lightweight, readable display, vibrating
1	Lightweight, readable display, thrill
1	Easy to use, HP Quality and support, Low cost, Great first / family Camera!
1	Easy to use, HP Quality and patronize, Low cost, keen first / family Camera!
1	small
1	modest
1	The phone is small and sleek, has great reception and great features.
1	The headphone is small and sleek, has great response and great features.
1	Wonderful Pictures: Fairly easy to use.
1	Wonderful render: Fairly easy to use.
1	Excellent sound quality, very thin and light, very stylish
1	Excellent sound quality, very thin and alight, very stylish
0	A bit heavy
0	A bit ponderous
1	Excellent photo quality prints, quiet, reasonably fast, borderless printing to 14" width
1	first-class photo quality prints, quiet, reasonably fasting, borderless printing to 14" width
0	too big and heavy
0	too magnanimous and heavy
1	large display, lots of features
1	large display, gobs of features
0	expensive, hard to navigate menu
0	expensive, toilsome to navigate menu
1	Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
1	Easy to employ.  carry-over pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
1	Great reception, nice big LCD, very easy to see the keys in dark, nice size
1	Great reception, nice big LCD, very soft to encounter the keys in disconsolate, nice size
1	beautiful design, rapid quality printing, paper treatment, toolbox / diagnostic options
1	beautiful design, rapid select printing, report treatment, toolbox / diagnostic options
0	feels a little inexpensive, cannot plug into tv or other sources
0	feeling a piffling inexpensive, cannot plug into tv or other sources
0	none
0	none
0	none so far
0	none so FAR
1	Ease of use, portability, quality of pictures
1	informality of use, portability, quality of pictures
0	everything else
0	everything else
1	Pretty darn good photo output with good color range on multiple media types
1	Pretty darn proficient photo output with secure color range on multiple media types
0	Optional leather case hands-free plug hole doesn't line up well.
0	Optional leather case hands-free punch hole doesn't lineage up well.
0	-Heavier than new Nokia counterparts
0	-fleshy than new Nokia counterparts
1	Good graphic quality, good speed, quiet, great price
1	Good graphic quality, good speed, quiet, swell price
1	Sleek, light weight, and loaded with features.
1	Sleek, ignitor weight, and loaded with features.
1	Excellent hardware (read the other reviews)
1	Excellent hardware (read the other follow-up)
1	Quiet, attractive, rugged, dependable, quality ink, separate 4x6 tray, superb printouts after software adjustment
1	tranquil, attractive, rugged, dependable, quality ink, fork 4x6 tray, superb printouts after software adjustment
0	buy it
0	steal it
1	Great for printing paragraphs or letters
1	great for printing paragraphs or letters
0	the size but not really a big deal.
0	the size but not really a boastful deal.
0	A little too hefty for the average hip pocket
0	A little too hefty for the modal hip pocket
0	the fact that it exists
0	the fact that it subsist
0	Only comes with 4mb memory.
0	Only follow with 4mb memory.
0	Battery life after several months!
0	Battery sprightliness after several months!
1	light good reception
1	light adept reception
0	Size, Battery Life,
0	Size, Battery liveliness,
1	Color, Super Cool, small, decent battery life
1	Color, Super Cool, little, decent battery life
0	Movie shot lasts for 40s only., Low battery life - 80mins most
0	Movie scoot lasts for 40s only., depressed battery life - 80mins most
1	Uses a computer disk instead of film.
1	utilize a computer disk instead of film.
0	bulky, defective volume, bluetooth sucks
0	bulky, defective volume, bluetooth fellate
1	Great sound quality, large, easy-to-read display, works on all networks, voice activation, web compatible
1	Great strait quality, large, easy-to-read display, works on all networks, vocalisation activation, web compatible
1	Blue lighting, good graphics when visible
1	Blue lighting, proficient graphics when visible
0	Keyboard a bit small, seems complicated at first use.
0	Keyboard a bit small, seems complicated at get-go use.
0	No outside display screen,
0	No external display screen,
1	Terrific versatile camera. Dream camera for amateurs.
1	rattling versatile camera. Dream camera for amateurs.
0	Printer sharing with USB requires the software on every computer that will use the printer
0	pressman sharing with USB postulate the software on every computer that will role the printer
0	no carrying case
0	no carrying shell
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
0	picayune bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nix else
1	voice activation, lots of fun rings, clarity was better than i expected.
1	voice activation, lots of fun hoop, clarity was honest than i expected.
0	Non-upgradeable, lack of space
0	Non-upgradeable, lack of infinite
0	Will not work with my computer
0	bequeath not work with my computer
1	Easy to use, decent quality, very cheap.
1	well-off to use, decent quality, very cheap.
1	Lightweight, easy to fold
1	Lightweight, easy to close
1	Speaker Phone, Direct Connects, Small, Compact
1	Speaker Phone, Direct relate, Small, Compact
1	Sony quality - most bang for your buck
1	Sony quality - most bolt for your buck
1	Excellent all around product
1	Excellent all around ware
0	Ericsson no longer makes funs making support and accessories hard to find
0	Ericsson no longer have funs making support and accessories operose to find
0	pricier than some, limited patterns available
0	pricier than some, trammel patterns available
1	Great investment for the money
1	slap-up investment for the money
0	Camera is a battery hog(get rechargeables for it)
0	Camera is a battery hog(bewilder rechargeables for it)
0	The reception is horrible.
0	The reception is atrocious.
1	Sleek design , intuitive functions , loads of options
1	Sleek design , intuitive functions , adulterate of options
0	Too fragile for everyday use
0	Too fragile for everyday manipulation
1	Good color balance, good manual override, interesting video abilities, nice interface, reasonable price
1	honest color balance, sound manual override, interesting video abilities, nice interface, reasonable price
1	Speakerphone, PalmV, Web Access, Big Screen, Syncs GREAT with Outlook
1	Speakerphone, PalmV, Web accession, Big Screen, Syncs groovy with Outlook
1	Very Lightweight,Has Speakerphone and Vibration features.
1	Very Lightweight,Has Speakerphone and quivering features.
1	Looks very cool, more memory/less cost, many features, still and moving pictures.
1	front very cool, more memory/less cost, many features, still and moving depict.
0	cost of cartridges and frequent loss of communication with PC errors
0	cost of cartridges and frequent passing of communication with PC misplay
0	No Case, Wish the batteries didn't burn so quick!
0	No Case, Wish the batteries didn't bite so quick!
1	Photo Quality, Build Quality, Size, Uses AA Batteries, Ease of use, built in lens cap
1	Photo prize, bod Quality, Size, Uses AA Batteries, Ease of use, built in lens crownwork
0	Uses Floppy Disks, Is Bulky and has bad Image Quality
0	consumption Floppy Disks, personify Bulky and has bad Image Quality
0	Battery life has diminished somewhat over time.
0	Battery aliveness has diminished somewhat over time.
0	Reliability, large size, bad LCD, slow
0	Reliability, large size, high-risk LCD, slow
1	Color screen, line quality, ringtones, alarm clock features, stylish and modern phone!
1	Color screen, line choice, ringtones, alarm time features, stylish and modern phone!
1	$99 price tag for a printer that has comes highly recommended.
1	$99 price tag for a printer that has occur extremely recommended.
1	Good print
1	expert print
0	LCD can be tough to see in daylight, fast battery use, only 2X optical zoom
0	LCD can be tough to discover in daylight, dissolute battery manipulation, only 2X optical zoom
0	No auto shutoff.
0	No motorcar shutoff.
0	not good for professional picture applications, slows down your computer when running
0	not good for professional picture applications, slack down your computer when endure
0	USB cable had to be purchased separately
0	USB telegraph had to be purchased separately
1	Astounding photo quality. No, I really mean it, absolutely brilliant photos.
1	Astounding photo quality. No, I actually entail it, absolutely brilliant photos.
0	Batterylife,dock sold separately
0	Batterylife,bobtail sold separately
1	Feature set, photo quality, smooth operation
1	Feature sic, photo quality, smooth operation
0	None.
0	none.
1	floppy drive on the camera itself
1	floppy crusade on the camera itself
0	- Some smaller issues such as better phonebook management.
0	- Some smaller issues such as ameliorate phonebook management.
0	Slow to Process, The paper does not feed well.
0	slow to Process, The paper does not feed well.
1	Good reception/durability, color screen, excellent battery life
1	Good reception/durability, color screen, splendid battery life
1	Easy to operate, good quality outdoor pictures, sliding lens cover
1	Easy to operate, expert quality outdoor pictures, sliding lens continue
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	Bluetooth not as muscular as it could be. Data cable hard to determine.
1	Small cost. Takes only as much space as a standard printer. Great print quality.
1	Small cost. shoot only as much space as a banner printer. Great print quality.
1	Great print quality, ease of use
1	Great print choice, ease of use
1	nice quality of prints
1	nice timber of prints
0	Battery life 
0	Battery liveliness 
1	small, easy-to-use, comes with color and ink cartridges free
1	small, easy-to-use, comes with color and ink cartridges disengage
0	Big and clunky, Short battery life, possible downloading problems, difficult software.
0	Big and clunky, dead battery life, possible downloading problems, hard software.
1	Affordable
1	low-priced
1	light weight, easy to use
1	swooning weight, easy to use
1	Looks, reception, battery life, lots of features for the price
1	flavor, reception, battery life, lots of sport for the price
0	None
0	none
1	outstanding output, quick, quiet
1	outstanding output, quick, hushed
1	Comfortable to talk on, color covers, priced right
1	Comfortable to talk on, color back, priced right
0	Inconsistent results in auto mode.
0	Inconsistent consequence in auto mode.
1	easy to use, handles well, lots of features for the price
1	comfortable to use, handles well, lashings of features for the price
1	Size, ease of data entry, ease of use.
1	Size, ease of information entry, ease of use.
0	Slow printing, expensive cartridges
0	Slow impression, expensive cartridges
0	Battery door latches break. 
0	Battery door latches breaking. 
1	great for those adventures.
1	great for those venture.
1	Low Cost, Compatible with Windows XP
1	Low Cost, compatible with Windows XP
0	Terrible auto-focus; Red-eye problems 
0	horrific auto-focus; Red-eye problems 
1	Price, on-screen display, ease of use
1	Price, on-screen display, ease of function
1	Very fast, nice photo quality.
1	Very profligate, nice photo quality.
0	Inconsistent Printouts
0	inconsistent Printouts
1	Low cost, easy set up
1	depleted cost, easy set up
0	cost. alittle  high but  worth it
0	toll. alittle  high but  worth it
1	Great pics that are easy to create. CD storage is cheap
1	smashing pics that are easy to create. CD storage is tinny
0	None
0	none
0	$200 cost of phone
0	$200 toll of phone
1	small, 5 pixels
1	belittled, 5 pixels
0	For best performance, needs additional memory
0	For scoop performance, needs additional memory
1	size, camera, flip style, easy to read/navigate.
1	size, camera, flip style, easy to register/navigate.
0	Could be quicker and ink could last a little longer
0	Could be fast and ink could last a small longer
1	fast, easy, and fun
1	fast, easy, and merriment
1	Smaller, and takes up less space than competing models.
1	Smaller, and demand up less space than competing models.
0	Vibrating ringer barely noticeable, antenna breaks easily
0	Vibrating ringer barely noticeable, antenna part easily
0	jamming,expensive cartridges
0	obstruct,expensive cartridges
0	a little slower than more expensive models
0	a petty slower than more expensive models
1	very user friendly, right price for the service. good for young people
1	very user friendly, rectify price for the service. just for young people
1	High-quality printing, fast, reliable, cheap, usually rebate, economical to use
1	High-quality printing, fast, reliable, punk, usually rebate, economical to function
1	Amazing image quality for the price; easiest digicam I've ever used.
1	beat fancy quality for the price; easiest digicam I've ever used.
1	USB, amazing quality for its low cost
1	USB, amazing timbre for its low cost
0	none
0	none
0	Worked for only a year with battery power
0	process for only a year with battery power
0	Not the greatest walking stroller.
0	Not the expectant walking stroller.
0	NEC should send these out with a full toner cartridge instead of half
0	NEC should ship these out with a fully toner cartridge instead of half
0	Have to buy the extra cable, print quality could be a bit better, somewhat noisy.
0	suffer to buy the extra cable, print quality could be a scrap estimable, somewhat noisy.
0	Battery life, Slow Message writing, No MMS or GPRS
0	Battery life, ho-hum Message writing, No MMS or GPRS
1	Very clear calls. Light weight,durable and stylish.
1	Very readable calls. Light weight,durable and stylish.
0	Selection is sometimes a bit tricky
0	Selection is sometimes a bit wily
0	Expensive, display hard to see in bright sunlight, antenna could be redesigned.
0	Expensive, display hard to visualize in shiny sunlight, antenna could be redesigned.
0	mesh basket too small, frame feels wobbly
0	engage basket too small, frame feels wobbly
0	battery life is short.
0	battery life is unretentive.
1	Good price, decent quality
1	Good price, becoming quality
1	Wide format, Easy to use, Professional image quality, Excellent price to performance ratio, Stylish
1	blanket format, wanton to use, Professional image quality, Excellent price to performance ratio, Stylish
1	Small, has qwerty keyboard, internet capabilites, durable.
1	minor, has qwerty keyboard, internet capabilites, durable.
0	The strap is difficult to attach
0	The welt is difficult to attach
1	It's an all in one.
1	It's an all in ane.
1	Very lightweight, easy to carry with strap, highly portable
1	Very lightweight, well-situated to carry with strap, highly portable
0	Sometimes the paper jams
0	Sometimes the paper throng
0	Expensive and short battery life
0	Expensive and short bombardment life
0	Eats batteries, casing may not be the best.
0	Eats batteries, casing may not be the safe.
1	Tiny, tons of features, you can customize it, user friendly.
1	Tiny, wads of feature, you can customize it, user friendly.
1	good for beginners
1	safe for beginners
0	None
0	none
0	Speaker needs more volume, volume controls poorly placed.
0	Speaker needs more mass, volume controls poorly placed.
1	Easy to use and reasonably priced.
1	easily to use and reasonably priced.
0	Black ink cartridge runs out sometimes
0	Negro ink cartridge runs out sometimes
0	Doesn't switch from digital to analog well.
0	Doesn't transposition from digital to analog well.
1	quality lens &amp; pictures, available accessories, multiple functions, memory cards, resolution selections. price.
1	quality lens &amp; show, available accessories, multiple functions, store cards, resolution selections. price.
0	Optical zoom has no Telephoto
0	optical zoom has no Telephoto
0	A little bit small
0	A slight bit small
1	Good ergonomics, excellent image quality, decent macro
1	Good ergonomics, excellent picture quality, decent macro
1	Excellent photo-print quality
1	Excellent photo-print prime
1	Great Photo Quality, Easy Use, Expansive Features
1	Great pic Quality, Easy Use, Expansive Features
1	Handy, simple to use
1	Handy, dewy-eyed to use
0	No optical zoom, internal memory very small, rather bulky
0	No optical zoom, internal storage very small, rather bulky
0	None!
0	none!
1	it does it's job, it's small
1	it does it's chore, it's small
1	Quite dependable, decent printing, good color.  A good all-around machine for home or office.
1	Quite dependable, decent printing, good emblazon.  A commodity all-around machine for home or office.
1	attractive, well designed, intuitive,
1	attractive, wellspring designed, intuitive,
0	Not very resilient
0	Not very live
0	Nothing that would keep me from buying it again.
0	naught that would keep me from buying it again.
0	Size, very problematic, ink cartridges are expensive!
0	Size, very debatable, ink cartridges are expensive!
0	the lcd screen eats batteries like crazy.  You need to purchase an ac/dc adapter.  You can only get it from Hewlett Packard.
0	the lcd screen grub batteries like crazy.  You penury to purchase an ac/dc arranger.  You can only flummox it from Hewlett Packard.
0	picture quality
0	video quality
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	Display gives out after about 8 months, easy to lose
0	Display gives out after about octet months, slowly to lose
1	small, lightweight, easy to stroll and pack into trunk
1	minuscule, lightweight, easy to stroll and pack into trunk
1	Ummm...I guess it didn't burn my books and try to make me help take over the world
1	Ummm...I guess it didn't burn my books and test to make me help have over the universe
1	camera phone & it was free,
1	camera phone & it was innocent,
1	Small initial cost      Instant photos
1	Small initial cost      Instant pic
0	No memory chip.
0	No memory chipping.
0	Expensive, no new faceplates, a bit big
0	Expensive, no new faceplates, a bit grownup
1	Small Great Price Movie Option
1	Small Great Price Movie pick
1	Affordable, easy to use
1	Affordable, sluttish to use
1	Great brand, great pictures, perfect size
1	neat brand, great pictures, perfect size
0	screen can be easily scratched, antenna flimsy when fully extended
0	screen can be easily scratched, antenna tenuous when full extended
1	Well its fast and inexpensive
1	Well its tight and inexpensive
0	USB only
0	USB only
1	Up to date technology, great features
1	Up to date technology, neat features
1	Separate cartridges for each color, prints nice borderless photos.
1	sort cartridges for each color, prints nice borderless photos.
1	the big wheels don't get stuck
1	the crowing wheels don't get stuck
0	Runs through ink cartridges quickly.
0	streak through ink cartridges quickly.
0	Sprint PCS, issues with photos from PC (minor problems)
0	Sprint PCS, proceeds with photos from PC (minor problems)
1	Fairly Compact, easy to use, expandable, decent pictures
1	Fairly Compact, easy to use, expandable, seemly pictures
1	Borderless 4x6 and 8.5x11&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Individual ink tanks&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Six color system&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Small 4 Picoliter drops&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Borderless 4x6 and 8.5x11&amp;#13;&ampere;#10;Individual ink tanks&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Six colourize scheme&amp;#13;&amp;#10;pocket-sized quaternary Picoliter miss&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	only gsm(for c331g) and can lose signal
0	only gsm(for c331g) and can lose signaling
0	No adjustable image quality settings (heavy image compression).  No wrist strap in box. 
0	No adjustable image quality settings (heavy image compression).  nobelium wrist strap in loge. 
1	High Quality Pics, Small, Automatic and Manual settings
1	High Quality pic, Small, Automatic and Manual settings
1	Small, long battery life, stylish
1	Small, long battery liveliness, stylish
1	Small and sleek
1	low and sleek
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad conception.
1	The 'continuous shoot' mode; compact size; instant snapshots.
1	The 'continuous shoot' mode; compact size; wink snapshots.
1	Lightweight, easy to fold down, large storage area, parent and child cup holders
1	Lightweight, easy to folding down, large warehousing area, parent and child cup holders
1	price
1	toll
0	Sometimes doesn't recognize your voice
0	Sometimes doesn't recognize your vox
1	Great pics, 2.1 mp, inexpensive, nice optics, easy to use, lens protected
1	slap-up pics, 2.1 mp, inexpensive, nice optics, easy to purpose, lens protected
1	Excellent Lexmark quality, now USB compatible.
1	Excellent Lexmark prime, now USB compatible.
0	No rechargeable batteries supplied, slow power up.
0	No rechargeable batteries supplied, slack power up.
1	Good quality photos, low price, easy to use
1	Good quality photos, low terms, easy to use
0	Eats ink quick (but unk is only $2 each), kinda loud.
0	Eats ink immediate (but unk is only $2 each), kinda aloud.
0	None I have found
0	None I have regain
1	Pros
1	pro
0	Ergonomics, shape,memory stick
0	Ergonomics, build,memory stick
1	Very good picture quality, extremely easy to use.
1	Very respectable picture quality, extremely easy to use.
1	Internet Access,
1	Internet accession,
0	No frills
0	No trumpery
1	Tiny, feature rich, excellent 3X zoom, cool &amp; stylish
1	Tiny, feature rich, excellent 3X zoom, sang-froid &amp; stylish
0	Ink expensive but they all are.
0	ink expensive but they all are.
0	Discontinued by HP, even though its technology is the same as the currently available P1000.
0	quit by HP, evening though its engineering is the same as the currently available P1000.
1	Super output quality, simple installation at a remarkable price
1	Super output timber, simple installation at a remarkable price
1	Individual ink tanks.  6 color printing.  Excellent photo output.
1	Individual ink tanks.  6 color printing.  Excellent photo yield.
1	was good at first
1	was safe at first
0	Unable to cancel jobs already in-progress.  Long spool time for images.
0	ineffectual to cancel jobs already in-progress.  tenacious spool time for images.
1	This phone is small sleek and just plain looks nice.
1	This phone is little sleek and just plain tone nice.
1	Great phone, super great options worth the purchase
1	Great phone, super gravid options worth the purchase
0	Useless on uneven pavement.  Poor quality.
0	Useless on uneven pavement.  Poor tone.
0	Will not turn into a remote car starter, or a bowtie.
0	Will not round into a remote gondola starter, or a bowtie.
1	Feels solid, nice ring tones, bright display.
1	Feels firm, nice ring tones, bright display.
1	Wide screen, durable construction
1	Wide screen, durable structure
1	Small, Good Signal
1	Small, honorable Signal
0	Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
0	Phone is fairly sizeable and doesn't fit into a pocket!
1	Great Pictures! Great battery life.
1	Great Pictures! expectant battery life.
1	4.0 Megapixel,Small Size, Lots Of Features
1	4.0 Megapixel,minor Size, Lots Of Features
1	Cheap, great image quality, easy file transfer to PC
1	brassy, great image quality, easy file transfer to PC
1	Lens, construction
1	Lens, structure
0	Weak Signal, Smaller Outer Display (hard to see), No Flashing lights, Bad Flash
0	Weak Signal, Smaller Outer Display (hard to envision), No Flashing illumination, Bad Flash
0	Inconvenient External Antenna, Extremely Fragile
0	Inconvenient External Antenna, Extremely flimsy
1	Excellent phone with tons of features.
1	Excellent phone with tons of sport.
1	small, solid, extra thought put into phone and charger.
1	small, solid, extra thought order into phone and charger.
0	it's just not a very good printer.
0	it's just not a very honorable printer.
1	CHEAP
1	cheap
1	great picture  quality
1	great picture  select
0	Heavy, no Vibrating Battery
0	ponderous, no Vibrating Battery
0	Super sensitive touch controls - Doesn't work well with certain Bluetooth devices.
0	Super sensitive soupcon ensure - Doesn't work well with certain Bluetooth devices.
1	Small, quick, easy to use.
1	Small, quick, comfortable to use.
0	Quiet Ringer. Sketchy Speakerphone and Handset sound. Useless Airplane mode. T-Zones Overkill.
0	quiesce Ringer. Sketchy Speakerphone and Handset vocalise. Useless Airplane mode. T-Zones Overkill.
1	The realibilty, the cost, 
1	The realibilty, the be, 
0	sucks up batteries
0	draw up batteries
0	na
0	sodium
0	The cost replacement for all six ink cartridges!
0	The cost substitute for all six ink cartridges!
0	Poor battery life, no provision for add-on lenses or filters 
0	Poor battery living, no supplying for add-on lenses or filters 
0	Battery life
0	Battery spirit
1	Cheap, fast, great prints, good ink length
1	Cheap, fast, dandy prints, good ink length
0	Battery life is a joke; sound quality was bad (at first)
0	Battery sprightliness is a joke; sound timbre was bad (at first)
0	Menu operation, Software, Flash design
0	Menu operation, Software, Flash intent
0	Pictures with flash a bit muddy, need some correction
0	Pictures with winkle a bit muddy, need some correction
0	keypad backlight sometimes delayed when opening
0	keypad backlight sometimes delay when opening
1	Cute, Professional, and it has LOTS of features!
1	Cute, Professional, and it has heaps of features!
1	Lightweight, compact, reclines, tall canopy, smooth ride, five point harness
1	Lightweight, constrict, reclines, tall canopy, politic ride, five point harness
0	feeds out more than one piece of paper
0	feeds out more than one assemble of paper
1	Thin, seems to be well built (heavy body), good sound quality.
1	Thin, seems to be well built (heavy body), good well-grounded prize.
1	Beautiful Bright Color Screen, Easy to use, Nice sturdy clam shell design.
1	Beautiful Bright colourize covert, Easy to use, Nice sturdy clam shell design.
0	none
0	none
1	quality photos, very easy to use software
1	quality photos, very easy to habituate software
1	everything...it takes great photos and is lightweight, inexpensive and fairly easy to learn
1	everything...it takes dandy photos and is lightweight, inexpensive and fairly easy to acquire
0	Ink prices are way too high
0	Ink prices are way too gamey
1	Feature rich
1	characteristic rich
1	Fabulous picture quality, lightweight, good bundle &amp;amp; features
1	Fabulous picture quality, lightweight, full bundle &amp;amp; features
0	Epson does not support: has lines in output
0	Epson does not support: has business in output
1	Great pictures,good build,solid controls,flip LCD.
1	Great video,good build,solid controls,flip LCD.
1	Made me want to get up and shout, &amp;quot;Thank you Sony!&amp;quot;
1	fix me need to grow up and shout, &amp;quot;Thank you Sony!&amp;quot;
0	none
0	none
1	Speed, Quality, Noise Level, Construction
1	quicken, Quality, Noise Level, Construction
1	12 mb memory(8+4), 3x zoom, spiffy sunlit LCD, good battery life, smooth LCD function
1	12 mb memory(8+four), 3x zoom, spiffy sunlit LCD, goodness battery life, smooth LCD procedure
0	none
0	none
0	Too many to list. 
0	Too many to inclination. 
0	Doesn't work, poor resolution, fuzzy pictures, you name it.
0	Doesn't work, poor resolution, fuzzy pictures, you make it.
1	Instant Pictures &amp;amp; Not having to pick up pictures...
1	Instant Pictures &amp;ampere; Not having to pick up characterization...
0	EPSON DROPS THE BALL ON MAC OSX PRINTER DRIVERS!!!
0	EPSON shed THE BALL ON MAC OSX PRINTER DRIVERS!!!
0	Service charge to use many of the advanced features.
0	Service charge to purpose many of the advanced features.
1	compact and reliable
1	thick and reliable
0	Grinding lens mechanism, lens cap,  menu system a little cryptic
0	Grinding lens mechanism, lens crownwork,  menu system a short cryptic
0	LCD viewfinder smudges easily from your nose, no ac adapter
0	LCD viewfinder smear easily from your intrude, no ac adapter
0	a bit clunky to carry around
0	a bit clunky to carry some
1	Best quality output, fast, smooth operation.
1	considerably quality output, fast, smooth operation.
0	Replacement ink is expensive, and it is kind of slow and a little loud
0	Replacement ink is expensive, and it is tolerant of deadening and a little loud
0	You gotta read up on the manual
0	You gotta understand up on the manual
1	Very reliable, quiet, made to last, small footprint
1	Very reliable, quiet, made to concluding, small footprint
1	Reliable, rugged, easy to use
1	Reliable, rugged, easy to utilization
0	none
0	none
0	The screen is not color, phone does not look the best.
0	The covert is not color, ring does not look the best.
0	Minor nozzle clogging issue in some situations
0	Minor schnozzle clogging issue in some situations
1	Slim, Many features, Easy to use, Long lasting battery
1	Slim, Many features, Easy to employment, Long lasting battery
1	Battery life, Color screen, ease of use, Weight
1	Battery life, Color screen, ease of role, Weight
0	Horrendous warranty/repair service
0	dire warranty/repair service
1	Easy to learn to use, pictures take enlargement well, adequate standard memory. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Easy to learn to use, scene take enlargement well, decent standard memory. &amp;#13;&ampere;#10;
1	everything
1	everything
1	Good automatic mode, nice features and easy to use
1	Good automatic way, nice features and easy to use
0	Works best in well-list areas, the LCD viewer on back eats the battery quickly
0	Works safe in well-list areas, the LCD viewer on binding eats the battery quickly
0	Lens cap on string, red hues indoors, battery charger not included
0	Lens pileus on string, Bolshevik hues indoors, battery charger not included
1	Hi Resolution, low price, great macro
1	Hi Resolution, modest price, great macro
1	In all seriousness, I cannot list a single positive attribute for this phone.
1	In all seriousness, I cannot list a undivided positive ascribe for this phone.
1	Size and easy access to numbers unlike smaller phones.  Not a flip-up phone
1	Size and easy admission to numbers unlike littler phones.  Not a flip-up phone
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is fallible,
1	Low cost, easy to use, good software
1	Low cost, easy to habit, good software
0	NONE!!!
0	none!!!
1	Handy, good picture quality, almost point-and-shoot
1	Handy, effective picture quality, almost point-and-shoot
0	battery falls out when dropped, downloads cost$$ and expire
0	battery return out when dropped, downloads cost$$ and expire
1	In the shop it looked good and worked well.
1	In the shop it looked respectable and worked well.
0	none
0	none
1	Free after rebate, even for existing customers!
1	Free after discount, even for existing customers!
0	Slow, but not for the price
0	ho-hum, but not for the price
0	Poor quality, no flash, outdoor pictures only.
0	Poor quality, no flash, outdoor film only.
0	Loose hinges, bad interface, poor antenna, performance
0	Loose hinges, high-risk interface, poor antenna, performance
1	speed and clarity, low cost
1	velocity and clarity, low cost
1	Looks Good but that's about it.
1	seem Good but that's about it.
0	Just don't forget to put down the paper tray
0	Just don't forget to put down the wallpaper tray
0	bulky frame and cheesey silver color
0	bulky build and cheesey silver color
1	Lots of features, small
1	mint of features, small
0	Reception,scratches easily, voice commands are a joke
0	Reception,scratches easily, articulation commands are a joke
0	Uneven lighting on keypad
0	Uneven perch on keypad
1	Low Price, good Quality
1	Low Price, respectable Quality
0	Can take awhile to print higher quality images. Cartridge cost can add up.
0	Can convey awhile to print higher quality images. Cartridge cost can MBD up.
1	Stylish, well-built, excellent interface/menus, great functionality, performance, large screen
1	Stylish, well-built, excellent interface/menus, bang-up functionality, performance, vauntingly screen
0	Palm OS and phone do not integrate well. Difficult to navigate.
0	Palm bone and phone do not integrate considerably. Difficult to navigate.
1	Decent battery, vibrate, faceplates, lots of ringtones, small.
1	enough battery, vibrate, faceplates, lots of ringtones, small.
1	Long battery life, voice mail, caller ID, games, and a very easy to use menu.
1	Long battery life, voice mail, caller ID, stake, and a very soft to purpose menu.
0	none
0	none
0	Documents tend to fall after printing.
0	Documents tend to fall after print.
0	None that I have found
0	None that I have observe
1	Uses ink tank system, prints nice looking products&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	usance ink tank system, prints nice looking products&amp;#13;&A;#10;
1	voice dialing.
1	vocalism dialing.
0	Cheaply manufactured and small basket
0	Cheaply fabricate and small basket
1	Very good voice clarity
1	Very good representative clarity
1	Good sound through the handset
1	Good fathom through the handset
1	One integrated Device, distinctive layout.
1	I integrated Device, distinctive layout.
1	Great picture, easy to download pics, and great software
1	Great picture, easy to download pics, and expectant software
0	wish it were even smaller! Be careful, minutes go quickly while surfing!
0	wishing it were even smaller! Be careful, minutes operate quickly while surfing!
0	fragile, stock memory card is not sufficient, short battery life
0	fragile, hackneyed memory lineup is not sufficient, short battery life
1	Very well designed, floppy disk compatibility, ease of use, zoom, macro.
1	Very wellspring designed, floppy disk compatibility, simplicity of use, zoom, macro.
1	Cool Features, Combined System, Nice holding.
1	Cool Features, Combined System, Nice keeping.
1	Floppy Disk Storage and much more 
1	Floppy Disk depot and much more 
0	See Below
0	regard Below
0	crummy belt holder, can't turn ringer off silently
0	crummy belt holder, can't become ringer off silently
1	compact, Bluetooth, triband, programmable ring tones
1	stocky, Bluetooth, triband, programmable ring tones
1	Price, stunning still pics, usb
1	Price, stunning distillery pics, usb
0	Screen could be better
0	Screen could be salutary
1	Digital is where it's at...down with developing film!
1	Digital is where it's at...down with acquire film!
1	Tiny Size! high-res, rechargeable battery, simple to use
1	Tiny Size! high-res, rechargeable battery, simple-minded to use
0	lens cap attached by string; easy to knock off accidentally leaving lens unprotected
0	lens cap affiliated by string; easy to knock off accidentally departure lens unprotected
0	Camera can't adequately use large memory cards.
0	Camera can't adequately use turgid memory cards.
0	slow
0	easy
1	Nice size, cute and pretty, easy to carry, nice color screen
1	overnice size, cute and somewhat, easy to carry, nice color screen
1	Everything!  Price, Features, Size!  The only phone you will ever want.
1	Everything!  damage, Features, Size!  The only phone you will ever require.
1	Sleek Design, Acceptable Ring Tones
1	satiny Design, Acceptable Ring Tones
1	Photowise 1.7; Switchable LCD; LCD cover; optical viewfinder
1	Photowise 1.7; Switchable LCD; LCD insure; optical viewfinder
1	The price was good for a entry level digital camera.
1	The price was dependable for a entry plane digital camera.
1	Fast Crisp Printing
1	Fast frizzy Printing
0	Terrible battery life.
0	fearful battery life.
1	Price, durability, quality.
1	cost, durability, quality.
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
0	A few evenhandedly minor hiccups
1	Features, Picture Quality, Olympus reputation
1	Features, Picture timbre, Olympus reputation
1	Price, speakerphone, email capabilities, weight
1	Price, speakerphone, email potentiality, weight
1	Moderate Price, Great package deal
1	Moderate cost, Great package deal
0	none
0	none
0	ink runs sometimes, envelope settings wrong
0	ink execute sometimes, envelope settings wrong
1	simple, basic, easy to read directions
1	simple, basic, slow to read directions
0	Focus range begins at 4 feet, lens unprotected.
0	focusing range begins at 4 feet, lens unprotected.
0	Large delay between button push and picture, must push button hard
0	gravid delay between button push and depiction, must push button hard
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	Weak vibrate, loud, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	everything
0	everything
0	A little pricey
0	A little dear
1	Photo quality, power consumption, features, value. 
1	Photo quality, power intake, features, value. 
1	Image Quality second to none Fast performance Uncompressed Tiff Nikkor Lens Manuel controls 
1	Image Quality endorse to none degenerate performance Uncompressed Tiff Nikkor Lens Manuel controls 
1	Great quality output, quiet
1	Great quality output, tranquillize
0	No carrying case, battery can drain quickly
0	No bear case, battery can drain quickly
1	Large screen, clear reception
1	Large cover, clear reception
1	cheap, easy to use and install
1	cheap, easy to function and install
0	Battery life
0	Battery lifetime
1	Very high quality, versatile and useful.
1	Very high quality, versatile and utile.
1	Easy to use, good quality picture, zoom
1	light to use, good quality picture, zoom
1	good price
1	expert price
1	fast, tray folds up, clear print
1	fast, tray congregation up, clear print
0	Not Windows XP friendly, very expensive, very difficult to use
0	not Windows XP friendly, very expensive, very difficult to habituate
0	Only 2.1 mega pixels and 2x optical zoom.  Not the best, but acceptable
0	Only 2.1 mega pixels and 2x optical zoom.  Not the scoop, but satisfactory
1	Disk Drive Access, Zoom Lens, Rechargable Battery
1	Disk Drive Access, Zoom Lens, Rechargable battery
1	Excellent print quality for under $200
1	Excellent publish quality for under $200
0	auto shut off is to fast
0	auto shut off is to tight
1	Interesting design, radio, good volume, Color Screen
1	Interesting purpose, radio, good volume, Color Screen
0	Lack of phone lock, soft buttons, not comfortable, cracking when talking.
0	Lack of phone lock, flabby buttons, not comfortable, cracking when talk.
0	Short battery life when downloading
0	myopic battery life when downloading
0	Low quality, washed out color, pricey
0	Low quality, washed out colorize, pricey
1	easy to use, quality photos,ready for viewing or e-mailing immediately
1	wanton to practice, quality photos,ready for viewing or e-mailing immediately
1	Cheap, Good Quality Text, Cheap Ink
1	Cheap, secure Quality Text, Cheap Ink
1	Reception, excellent infrared synchronization, noise filtering, battery life, operating (menu) system.
1	Reception, excellent infrared synchronization, disturbance filtering, battery sprightliness, operating (menu) system.
1	Easy to get connected, No credit needed
1	Easy to arrive connected, No credit needed
0	Short battery life. No sound on video clips.
0	Short battery life. No profound on video clips.
0	battery eater
0	battery feeder
0	bulky, heavy; battery life
0	bulky, operose; battery life
1	not too expensive, clear &amp;amp; sharp printing
1	not too expensive, exonerated &amp;amp; sharp printing
0	horible picutre quality
0	horible picutre character
1	Excellent Digital Camera, Lot's of options, manual full of information.
1	Excellent Digital Camera, Lot's of options, manual wide-cut of data.
1	Cheap. 
1	tacky. 
0	Does not include USB or parallel port printer cable
0	manage not include USB or parallel port printer cable
1	Separate ink cartridges, fast
1	Separate ink cartridges, degenerate
1	Keyboard foldout, loud speaker and radio...and everything else a Nokia phone has always offer.
1	Keyboard foldout, loud verbalizer and radio...and everything else a Nokia phone has invariably proffer.
1	Joystick Control, Lightweight, Bright backlight
1	Joystick Control, Lightweight, brightly backlight
0	Display malfunction issues!!
0	Display malfunction consequence!!
1	Joystick makes going through menus a blast.  Has meny PDA features.
1	Joystick earn lead through menus a blast.  Has meny PDA features.
1	Easy to use, great photo quality, easy to transfer
1	Easy to use, great photo quality, easy to transpose
0	Occasionally may cause your computer to freeze.
0	Occasionally may cause your computer to immobilize.
1	Cheap, great quality prints
1	Cheap, great prime prints
1	Combines four machines in one
1	Combines four machines in matchless
0	Can't store calling cards in it.
0	Can't store calling poster in it.
1	BIG color screen, cool games, inside looks cool
1	BIG color screen, cool gage, inside looks cool
1	Slim design, solid build, bluetooth headset has great sound.
1	Slim design, satisfying build, bluetooth headset has great sound.
1	Economical, Does the Job
1	Economical, fare the Job
0	No automatic envelope feeder, the paper tray fits both letter and legal which makes it stick out beyond the printer body in the rear of the machine.
0	No robotlike envelope feeder, the paper tray outfit both letter and legal which clear it stick out beyond the printer soundbox in the rearward of the machine.
0	Larger than flip phone, ear piece
0	Larger than flip phone, ear firearm
1	Crisp,clear photo realistic prints....
1	Crisp,make photo realistic prints....
1	Pushes easy,lets your child have a choice,use from birth until 5years old.
1	Pushes easy,lets your nipper have a choice,use from deliver until 5years old.
0	Slow, slow, slow
0	slacken, slow, slow
1	no more film or negatives
1	no more flick or negatives
1	Cool looks and screen, lots of features
1	Cool looks and screen, stacks of features
1	Makes a great door stop!
1	prepare a great door stop!
0	Battery Life.  Did I mention Battery Life?  And Oh yeah, Battery Life.
0	barrage Life.  Did I mention battery Life?  And Oh yeah, Battery Life.
1	High quality black text and Color printing.  Easy setup.
1	High quality black text and tinge printing.  Easy setup.
0	Ring signal volume is low and poor picture quality.
0	Ring signal volume is low and poor picture choice.
0	Defective!
0	faulty!
1	Many options, paper handling, multi-platform.
1	Many options, paper palm, multi-platform.
0	No outer display
0	No proscribed display
1	Small enough to carry in my pocket
1	small-scale enough to carry in my pocket
1	Great features, great tiny size, great battery life, great phone.
1	Great features, great tiny size, great battery life, gravid telephone.
1	BEST PRINTER FOR THE PRICE
1	ripe PRINTER FOR THE PRICE
0	comes in those see through colors if you want
0	come in those see through colors if you want
0	Battery life is drained quickly in cold weather - good thing I'm moving to Florida
0	Battery life is drained promptly in cold weather - right thing I'm moving to Florida
0	None, really.
0	None, truly.
1	Great for baby and toddler
1	keen for baby and toddler
1	Great durability
1	bully durability
0	Can I borrow $800, maybe I'll come up with more
0	tail 1 borrow $800, maybe I'll come up with more
0	Shutter speed between shots.  Not an action camera
0	Shutter speed between jibe.  Not an action camera
0	have trouble with the PC cable making good contact
0	have trouble with the PC cable making honest contact
1	plug and play, ease of use, LCD, great outdoor pictures, if good lighting- good pictures
1	chaw and play, ease of use, LCD, great outdoor render, if good lighting- soundly pictures
0	did not come with installation disk
0	did not do with installation disk
0	Lens operation, firmware, shape.
0	Lens operation, firmware, frame.
0	Badly made in general!
0	Badly pee in general!
0	Costly ink, but whose isn't?
0	dearly-won ink, but whose isn't?
0	can't think of any
0	can't retrieve of any
1	Unparalleled photo quality, easy to set-up and use, and great price.
1	Unparalleled photo lineament, well-fixed to set-up and use, and great price.
1	Cheap!
1	trashy!
0	Expensive Print Cartridges, Doesn't Come With USB/Parallel Cable   
0	Expensive Print Cartridges, Doesn't Come With USB/duplicate Cable   
0	Dirty optical view finder, poor battery life
0	marked-up optical view finder, poor battery life
1	Great images, great features,great storage media, great battery, great features!
1	Great paradigm, great features,great storage media, great battery, groovy features!
1	Kodak quality and reputation; Lightweight and easy to use; Good battery life.
1	Kodak quality and reputation; Lightweight and easy to habit; effective battery life.
0	It's hard to make the paper feed straight. No USB.
0	It's surd to make the paper run straight. No USB.
1	Minolta holds its own against a new HP product - offers affordable Color printing.
1	Minolta apply its own against a New HP product - offers affordable Color printing.
0	Windows driver have problem, ink catridge seem not have long life.
0	Windows driver have problem, ink catridge seem not have recollective living.
0	no bluetooth and camera attachment
0	no bluetooth and camera fastening
1	Speed, Quality
1	zip, Quality
1	Price, Floppy Disk Drive, Battery Life, Shares battery with Sony Hi-8 Video Camera
1	toll, Floppy Disk force, Battery Life, Shares battery with Sony Hi-8 Video Camera
0	None
0	none
1	Very compact, light and robust, nice design, web camera function
1	Very contract, light and robust, prissy design, web camera function
1	Sturdy, Small, Made By Nokia.
1	Sturdy, Small, nominate By Nokia.
0	none
0	none
0	Not cheap to replace if you lose it.
0	Not chinchy to replace if you lose it.
0	Bundled software Unavailable TWAIN capability ("photo suction"), 90-day warranty 
0	Bundled software Unavailable TWAIN capableness ("photo suction"), 90-day warranty 
1	simplicity
1	easiness
0	Bad digital Zoom
0	speculative digital Zoom
1	nice shape, used by many people, caller ID, custom face plates
1	nice shape, utilize by many people, caller ID, custom fount plates
1	Speed, quiet, borderless prints, separate ink tanks, excellent output, price
1	hurry, quiet, borderless prints, classify ink tanks, excellent output, price
1	Very Cheap, Great Software, Excellent Support Area On Website
1	Very Cheap, Great Software, Excellent livelihood Area On Website
0	battery life is very poor.  Video option sound quality is poor.  
0	battery life is very poor.  Video option sound prize is miserable.  
0	Software for prints could be a little easier to use.
0	Software for prints could be a little leisurely to apply.
0	Printing quality and speed could be better but for an inexpensive printer it is great.
0	Printing quality and amphetamine could be dependable but for an inexpensive printer it is large.
1	Great size, functionality, and easy to use menu system.
1	Great size, functionality, and easy to utilise menu system.
1	Print quality is excellent
1	Print calibre is excellent
1	solid construction,good zoom
1	solid construction,upright zoom
0	nothing
0	null
0	Resolution not good for larger prints (8X10 or larger), price, storage media limitation
0	Resolution not just for larger prints (8X10 or larger), price, storage sensitive limitation
1	Relatively cheap, easy to use, good picture quality, Camedia software
1	Relatively cheap, light to use, good film quality, Camedia software
1	lots of features, compact size
1	sight of features, compact size
1	Fast, quality text and photos, easy setup, terrific price
1	Fast, prize text and photos, easy setup, terrific price
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big sort
1	Nice printing quality
1	Nice print quality
0	High cost of black ink
0	High cost of dark ink
1	Easy to use,  takes great pics, lightweight
1	Easy to use,  takes majuscule pics, lightweight
1	Nice rubberized case.
1	Nice rubberize case.
1	Quick printing, ease of setup and use
1	flying printing, ease of setup and use
0	Slow interface, poor reception, very complicated system
0	Slow interface, poor reception, very rarify system
1	Nikon name, form factor.
1	Nikon name, configuration factor.
0	Maximum smart media capacity is only 128 mb
0	Maximum smart spiritualist capacity is only 128 mb
1	excellent picture quality,small size,easy to learn
1	excellent picture quality,small size,tardily to learn
1	lightweight, dependable, and very durable
1	lightweight, true, and very durable
0	Could be slimmer and lighter; no removable media and it does not view attachments.
0	Could be slimmer and lighter; no removable media and it does not opinion affixation.
0	No alarm clock
0	No consternation clock
0	Guzzles battery juice, only 4MB
0	Guzzles battery succus, only 4MB
1	Price was right, decent size, free hands-free earpiece.
1	terms was right, decent size, free hands-free earpiece.
1	Lens, Image Quality, value for the money!
1	Lens, figure Quality, value for the money!
0	Doesn't do anything well; doesn't do most things passably
0	Doesn't do anything well; doesn't do most things jolly
0	Modal menu system sometimes leaves you wondering how to get to a certain feature.
0	Modal menu system sometimes leaves you speculative how to catch to a certain feature.
0	Small memory card and poor zoom mode
0	Small memory poster and poor zoom mode
1	small, loaded with newest features, good talk/standby time
1	small, loaded with newest features, serious talk/standby time
1	Less costly than buying all functions separately
1	Less costly than buying all serve separately
0	Only 8 mb Smart media card included 
0	just 8 mb Smart media card included 
0	Smart media card storage
0	Smart media card store
0	Storage media limitations, focus and flash problems.
0	Storage media limitations, centre and flash problems.
0	lightness makes it feel wobbly
0	lightness makes it tone wobbly
1	Takes Amazingly Good Pictures - Auto Exposure Works - Precise Focus
1	subscribe Amazingly Good Pictures - Auto Exposure Works - Precise Focus
1	Legible screen, large touch pad with full function Palm OS, and high quality digital phone.
1	Legible screenland, large tinge pad with full function Palm osmium, and high quality digital phone.
1	perfect style-designed, high quality
1	gross style-designed, high quality
0	Not backwards compatable with headsets, somewhat slow response time in menu options (GSM related)
0	Not backwards compatable with headsets, fairly slow response time in menu option (GSM related)
0	short battery life
0	unawares battery life
1	Solid construction, good image quality, clear lcd screen, intuitive menu system
1	Solid construction, adept icon quality, clear lcd screen, intuitive menu system
0	Bulky, no video camera, texting system
0	Bulky, no video camera, texting arrangement
0	None.
0	none.
1	reliable, fast, good switching between phone/fax functions
1	reliable, fast, good switch between phone/fax functions
1	Dual display, good looks, sharp screen, easy to use menus, polyphonic ringer
1	duple display, good looks, sharp-worded screen, easy to use menus, polyphonic ringer
1	Easy to operate.
1	well-situated to operate.
0	everything else
0	everything else
0	Noone seems to run it on sale.
0	Noone seems to rill it on sale.
0	no low ink light, jams occasionally
0	no low ink Light, jams occasionally
1	Easy to use. Great range of settings for the flash, the resolution and the focal length. The camera itself looks pretty darn cool too.
1	tardily to function. majuscule range of settings for the loud, the resolution and the focal length. The camera itself looks pretty darn cool too.
1	manual controls, both LCD and viewfinder, adjustable flash, optimum range for lens
1	manual mastery, both LCD and viewfinder, adjustable meretricious, optimum range for lens
0	Loud
0	trashy
1	So easy to use; great picture quality
1	So easy to use; great show quality
0	Lack of features, and low res compared to some other models out there.
0	Lack of sport, and low res compared to some other mannequin out there.
0	The cover is not see through like the i1000 plus
0	The report is not witness through like the i1000 plus
1	quality of build,solid,weighty,positive action of controls
1	quality of build,solid,weighty,cocksure action of controls
0	battery usage,2x zoom, LCD location
0	battery usage,2x zoom, LCD fix
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	Weak vibrate, flare, long antenna stub, Transflash format
1	Great Speed; Nice Photo Quality; Crisp Text
1	Great Speed; decent Photo Quality; Crisp Text
0	Slow shutter, slow loud autofocus, movies don't have sound, expensive
0	Slow shutter, slow gaudy autofocus, movies don't have level-headed, expensive
1	carriage and stroller very comfortable for baby
1	carriage and stroller very well-fixed for baby
0	cost of toner cartridge
0	toll of toner cartridge
0	Takes up a lot of room in trunk
0	Takes up a mountain of room in trunk
0	Everything else.
0	Everything else.
0	Shakes a lot, slow when printing a lot of color, cartridges can be expensive
0	Shakes a lot, slow when printing a wad of distort, cartridges can be expensive
1	It looks nice
1	It front nice
0	battery
0	bombardment
1	EVERYTHING
1	EVERYTHING
1	Very high quality at a low cost 
1	Very high quality at a low-pitched cost 
0	Can get occasional blur, prints are better with SHQ setting, which allows fewer shots.
0	Can pose occasional blur, prints are easily with SHQ setting, which allows fewer shots.
0	Too many battery problems, software on the phone doesn't work properly
0	Too many battery trouble, software on the phone doesn't forge properly
1	Supports 128mb Media, lightweight, compact, attractive, records 15 second AVI files, and 3x optical zoom.
1	Supports 128mb Media, lightweight, wad, attractive, commemorate 15 endorsement AVI files, and 3x optical zoom.
0	Lack of features.
0	Lack of feature.
0	No speakerphone option, rudimentary PIM application
0	No speakerphone option, underlying PIM application
1	Fine fabric,good fold, good cover
1	Fine fabric,good fold, right cover
1	Easy to hold, no motion while taking picture. Large font on menu &amp; LED 
1	promiscuous to hold, no motion while taking picture. Large font on menu &amp; run 
1	A quality printer with great text printing and good photo outputs.
1	A quality pressman with great text printing and unspoilt photo outputs.
1	nice flip, pretty, colorful, cute ring tones,
1	nice flip, pretty, colorful, cute environ tones,
0	Low battery life, skimpy size on included CF card
0	moo battery life, skimpy size on included CF card
0	Infernally slow DOT4 interface, poor paper feed, extended startup/shutdown time, tendency to mangle envelopes
0	Infernally slow DOT4 interface, inadequate paper run, extended startup/shutdown time, tendency to mutilate envelopes
1	great picture quality - easy to use - impressive zoom
1	great picture quality - easy to use - impressive whizz
1	Many features, color, long battery life, enhanced phonebook/phone log, instant recording
1	Many features, color, long battery life, enhanced phonebook/phone log, wink show
0	Menu can be confusing, Lens cap 
0	Menu can be fuddle, Lens cap 
1	Full Featured - Easy to Use!
1	Full Featured - loose to Use!
0	Loud, Paper feeder slow to load, clunky
0	Loud, newspaper feeder slow to load, clunky
0	Slightly slower than norm recycle times between shots, can't use regular alkalines with LCD.
0	Slightly slower than norm recycle time between shots, can't use veritable alkalines with LCD.
1	Look, fun to use, easy to learn, okay quality pictures
1	Look, fun to usage, easy to learn, okay timbre pictures
0	flash limits after about 8 feet image tails off
0	flash limits after about 8 feet image dog off
0	short talk time
0	curtly talk time
0	Not reliable
0	Not honest
1	Price, Speed, 7 Ink Tanks
1	Price, velocity, 7 Ink Tanks
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colours, fully customizable option, crystal-clear display
1	Super Stylish, Cool metallic finish, Great features
1	Super Stylish, Cool metallic finish, groovy features
0	Labels and envelopes are difficult to print
0	judge and envelopes are difficult to print
0	pause when focusing playback pictures, slow charging
0	pause when focusing playback project, slow charging
1	Design, Features, High Quality
1	aim, Features, High Quality
1	Durable, classy, good phone
1	Durable, classy, honorable phone
1	very good phone & battery
1	very good headphone & battery
1	compact, excellent quality, fun to use
1	concordat, excellent quality, fun to use
1	clear pics,  easy operation, customizable features
1	clear film,  easy operation, customizable features
0	Small buttons
0	Small clit
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
0	A few fairly minor hiccough
0	none noticed
0	none remark
1	Easy to use, reasonably priced, produces great pictures.
1	Easy to use, somewhat priced, produces great pictures.
1	Inexpensive, free you buy a packaged deal with a Compaq computer, dual cartridge system.
1	Inexpensive, release you buy a packaged pile with a Compaq computer, dual cartridge system.
0	Hard to open one handed, calendar isn't large memory-wise.
0	arduous to open one handed, calendar isn't large memory-wise.
1	Price, ability to take photo's no matter where you are.
1	Price, ability to withdraw photo's no subject where you are.
1	nice print quality , good large format printing work horse
1	nice print quality , good gravid format printing work horse
1	Tiny, feature-rich, colorful and large screen for its overall size
1	diminutive, feature-rich, colorful and enceinte screen for its overall size
1	Durable, good size, long battery life.
1	Durable, good size, long battery spirit.
1	Cost, Quality Pictures, Ease of Use
1	Cost, prime Pictures, Ease of Use
0	Poor design
0	wretched design
0	Some people prefer cameras that use memory cards. Only takes still photos, no movie clips.
0	Some people favour cameras that use memory cards. Only postulate withal photos, no movie clips.
0	I really can't think of any, maybe price?? However you get what you pay for!
0	I really can't believe of any, maybe price?? However you stick what you give for!
1	Small size, superior Nokia menu layout, Eye-catching blue backlight
1	Small size, superior Nokia menu layout, Eye-catching blue-blooded backlight
1	Lightweight, features, looks
1	Lightweight, characteristic, looks
1	Inexpensive, compact, light, easy to use, wonderfully crisp photos!  A best buy!
1	Inexpensive, compact, light, easy to use, wonderfully crisp photos!  A well corrupt!
0	range
0	orbit
0	Cartridge price, end-of-print "spew"
0	Cartridge price, end-of-print "cast"
1	Small Size, BIG Capabilities
1	Small Size, vainglorious Capabilities
1	sharp display, crisp sounds, lots of features (photo caller ID!)
1	sharp display, crisp voice, passel of features (photo caller ID!)
0	Services and accessories will cost you extra $$$; sleek surface can get smudgy
0	Services and appurtenance will cost you extra $$$; sleek surface can incur smudgy
1	Picture Quality, value, easy to use, small size, rechargeable battery
1	pic Quality, value, easy to usage, small size, rechargeable battery
0	Flash a little weak, Need a decent size memory card
0	jiffy a little weak, Need a decent size retention card
0	2 mp, cheapy feel, lcd hard to see, bat life.
0	2 mp, cheapy feel, lcd hard to visit, flutter life.
0	Low quality, cost of ink, single cartridge system.
0	Low quality, cost of ink, exclusive cartridge system.
0	Clarity is a problem.
0	clarity is a problem.
1	Great quality even on regular paper, Super-quiet, cheap, good compatibility
1	groovy quality regular on regular paper, Super-quiet, cheap, good compatibility
0	Average print speed
0	norm print speed
0	reception
0	response
1	Zoom, Picture Quality, Ability to Create MPEG's, Email JPG Function
1	soar, Picture Quality, Ability to produce MPEG's, Email JPG Function
1	Excellent quality, quiet printer.
1	Excellent quality, tranquilize printer.
1	all in one
1	all in matchless
1	Great quality printer that comes complete with all manufactures supplied accessories.
1	slap-up prime printer that comes complete with all manufactures supplied accessories.
1	Fun functional features that will survive the rapidly changing technology.
1	fun functional features that will survive the rapidly convert technology.
1	Reception, reception (two antennas), data capabilities, Nokia support
1	Reception, reception (two antennas), data capabilities, Nokia living
1	Easy to read display.  Web-Enabled.  2-way SMS text messaging.  Tri-Mode TDMA.
1	tardily to read exhibit.  Web-Enabled.  2-way SMS text messaging.  Tri-Mode TDMA.
0	one color
0	one coloration
1	Works in US and Europe, great sound quality, durable
1	Works in US and Europe, large sound quality, durable
1	Good resolution, great zoom, easy to use, USB connection, great price, movie capability
1	Good resolution, swell zoom, easy to utilization, USB connection, great price, movie capability
1	easy installation, good printing, great price
1	light installation, good printing, great price
0	basket
0	handbasket
0	Ink Tanks are a little expensive, considering they don't include the printhead (as do HPs)
0	Ink tank are a footling expensive, study they don't include the printhead (as do HPs)
1	Great photo quality, and shutter speed.  Battery life is the best I've seen!  
1	Great photo quality, and shutter speed.  Battery living is the easily I've seen!  
1	Can use for infants to toddlers 40lbs
1	Can use for infants to toddler 40lbs
0	Shutter release lag time, similar battery life to that of the Coolpix 995
0	Shutter exhaust lag time, similar battery animation to that of the Coolpix 995
0	none at all
0	none at all
1	Features, user interface, build quality, battery life,
1	Features, user interface, bod quality, battery life,
0	Cartridges are a tad high in price, short 1 year warranty
0	pickup are a tad gamey in price, short 1 year warranty
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing unexampled for cell phones), Motorola charger, infirm vibrate
1	Clear photos, Upgradeable memory
1	elucidate photos, Upgradeable memory
1	Easy to use, good resolution, high quality.
1	Easy to use, good resolution, high timbre.
1	good print quality, easy setup, USB/Parallel support
1	ripe print quality, easy setup, USB/Parallel support
0	None noticed by this novice
0	None noticed by this tyro
0	The folded lens compromises image quality, a little shy on features--see review
0	The folded lens compromises range quality, a little shy on features--see retrospect
0	Too little standard memory, no standard carry case.
0	Too little standard memory, no standard carry causa.
0	The cons don't count for much in comparison to its charms.
0	The victimize don't matter for much in comparison to its charms.
0	Operating System Software Glitches.  Blue-Screen-Of-Death.  Lockup's requiring removal of battery.
0	Operating organization Software glitch.  Blue-Screen-Of-Death.  Lockup's requiring removal of battery.
0	No PC network support, poor policies, USB only, expensive and poorly stocked supplies
0	No PC network back, poor policies, USB only, expensive and seedy stocked supplies
0	None yet, though it has dropped a few calls. That's Verizon, not the phone.
0	None yet, though it has dropped a few anticipate. That's Verizon, not the call.
1	HP name, small footprint, low price
1	HP nominate, small footprint, low price
1	Tons of features, good everywhere, long lasting battery, and games for when you get bored.
1	Tons of features, secure everywhere, farsighted lasting battery, and games for when you contract bored.
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges
0	Expensive Ink pickup
1	Lightweight, Easy maneuverability, easy fold-up
1	Lightweight, Easy maneuverability, well-to-do fold-up
1	Affordable - Easy to use &#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	Affordable - Easy to use &#13;&#tenner;&#13;&#10;
1	Large screen
1	big screen
1	great printing quality, reasonable purchase price
1	great print quality, reasonable purchase price
1	Easy sync to outlook, contacts, etc.
1	Easy sync to mind-set, contacts, etc.
1	Speakerphone, Durable
1	Speakerphone, perdurable
1	Sits 2 kids comfortably, easy to turn, narrow, tandem seating.
1	Sits 2 nestling comfortably, leisurely to turn, narrow, tandem seating.
0	Not very reliable, No Flash, the driver cd doesn't work
0	Not very reliable, No ostentation, the driver cd doesn't shape
0	Extremely low ear piece volume(in to my second phone, still the same problem)
0	Extremely modest ear man volume(in to my second phone, still the same problem)
1	Camera is so user friendly. Has all the options. 
1	Camera is so user friendly. Has all the alternative. 
0	bulky
0	bulky
1	Print Quality; Speed; Value
1	Print Quality; Speed; treasure
1	Does every thing I wanted in a camera
1	Does every thing I treasured in a camera
0	Must replace cartridge if one color runs out, 
0	Must replace cartridge if one color operate out, 
0	uses ink too quickly, ink is expensive
0	expend ink too quickly, ink is expensive
1	The BEST home printed photos I have seen!
1	The outflank home printed photos I have seen!
0	Not really a con, but I learn something new about it everyday
0	Not really a gip, but I memorize something new about it everyday
0	no flash on camera
0	no newsflash on camera
0	none so far
0	none so ALIR
1	Nice size, easy-to-understand buttons, long-lasting battery, good features, free with rebate
1	Nice size, easy-to-understand buttons, long-lasting battery, serious features, liberate with rebate
1	Very compact design, great picture quality.
1	Very compact contrive, great picture quality.
0	battery life, flimsy rubber port cover 
0	barrage life, flimsy rubber port cover 
1	Has some cool syncing features with outlook.
1	possess some cool syncing features with outlook.
1	Ease of use, light weight, movie mode, 2 mega pixel capability, runs on 2 AA's
1	easiness of use, illumine weighting, movie mode, 2 mega pixel capability, runs on 2 AA's
1	Style factor, coolness, exterior display, size, camera, built, speaker
1	manner factor, coolness, exterior display, size, camera, built, speaker
0	Manual focus is tricky, not true 6.1 MegaPixel
0	Manual focus is guileful, not true 6.1 MegaPixel
0	High Price
0	high-pitched Price
1	Fast, easy to use, lets you see how much ink you have left
1	Fast, wanton to use, lets you see how practically ink you have left
0	slow, poor quality prints
0	slow, short quality prints
1	Great features, slim design, good accessories available
1	Great features, slim blueprint, good accessories available
1	Light weight,One handed folding,, Generous storage basket 
1	Light weight,unrivalled handed folding,, Generous storage basket 
0	on off button hard 2 press, battery does not last extremely long
0	on off button heavy 2 insistency, battery does not last extremely long
1	Uses 3.5 floppy
1	Uses threesome.5 floppy
1	Wifi, seamless wifi to GSM transition. Can use instant messaging on wifi. Bluetooth, VGA camera.
1	WiFi, seamless wifi to GSM transition. displace utilize instant messaging on wifi. Bluetooth, VGA camera.
1	Great images, feature rich
1	Great picture, feature rich
0	weak flash, poor for people with big hands
0	weak scud, poor for people with big hands
0	Better choices for high-end photo printing
0	estimable choices for high-end photo printing
1	Compact, HSDPA, EDGE, Quad Band, 1.3 Mp Camera/Camcorder, Stereo Bluetooth
1	bundle, HSDPA, EDGE, Quad Band, single.3 Mp Camera/Camcorder, Stereo Bluetooth
0	Battery life is very low
0	Battery life is very broken
1	Cheap
1	sleazy
1	Great pictures, wonderful flip-out LCD, MD support, add on lenses, ISO 50, RAW
1	Great depiction, wonderful flip-out LCD, MD support, add on lenses, ISO 50, cutting
0	Ink cartridge don't hold much ink.
0	Ink cartridge don't clench much ink.
1	Durable, lightweight, great sound quality, easy to use.
1	long-wearing, lightweight, great sound quality, easy to use.
0	BIG if you want a go-anywhere camera.  LENS CAP!! No integrated lens protection.
0	swelled if you want a go-anywhere camera.  LENS roof!! No integrated lens protection.
1	quality images, good design, simple
1	quality images, good intention, simple
0	slow on graphics, trouble printing straight, &lt;b&gt;loud&lt;/b&gt;, doesn't always turn it off when you want it to
0	slow on graphics, trouble printing straight, &lt;B&gt;loud&lt;/boron&gt;, doesn't always plow it off when you deprivation it to
0	Slow shutter reaction in auto mode.  Movie mode useless in low light. Batteries suck (literally)
0	Slow shutter reaction in auto mode.  Movie mode useless in scummy unhorse. Batteries blow (literally)
0	none
0	none
1	Excellent audio, good looking, reasonable keyboard, very nice screen
1	Excellent audio, good seem, reasonable keyboard, very nice screen
1	small, light, shiny, blue, cheap
1	small, light, shiny, blue, inexpensive
1	it has lexmark technology
1	it has lexmark engineering
1	Excellent resolution, Lots of great functions, Easy to use, Takes 30 second movie clips
1	Excellent resolution, Lots of great functions, easy to use, need 30 second movie clips
1	easy to use, e-mail, messages, alarm clock, etc.
1	easy to usance, e-mail, messages, alarm clock, etc.
0	could print color faster
0	could print colouring faster
0	none yet
0	none hitherto
1	Excellent Image Quality
1	Excellent icon Quality
1	Fast printing, quiet when sleeping, Inexpensive, Easy to use, Very good quality printing
1	Fast printing, quiet when sleeping, Inexpensive, Easy to exercise, Very undecomposed quality printing
0	Frustrating to work with for advanced photography.
0	Frustrating to work with for modern photography.
0	Very poor focus, compression of JPG, no data card, bad design of battery cover
0	Very pathetic focus, compressing of JPG, no data card, bad design of battery cover
0	Small storage (you use a lot of disks)
0	lowly storage (you use a lot of disks)
0	basket is small and difficult to get items out of; rear wheels difficult to lock/unlock
0	basket is small and difficult to amaze items out of; posterior wheels unmanageable to lock/unlock
0	no af assist illuminator, 16 MB Flash card, slight shutter lag
0	no af attend illuminator, 16 MB Flash menu, slight shutter lag
0	16MB memory stick that it comes with is useless - go 128MB.  Odd to handle.
0	16MB memory stick that it fare with is useless - expire 128MB.  Odd to handle.
1	Slim Design, great volume
1	thin Design, great volume
0	Somewhat flimsy.  No WAP
0	slightly flimsy.  No WAP
0	Haven't found any yet!
0	Haven't find any yet!
1	compact and space saving
1	compact and blank saving
0	slow wap web browsing on the phone
0	slow wap web browsing on the telephone
0	A little pale in the saturation dept. Lens is not that sharp. 
0	A little pale in the saturation dept. lens is not that penetrative. 
1	Has everything you need and more.
1	birth everything you need and more.
1	easy to use
1	well-heeled to use
0	Noisy, slow, only works well on Epson paper, sucks ink like no tomorrow.
0	Noisy, slow, only works well on Epson paper, draw ink similar no tomorrow.
1	Beautiful Color Screen, RECEPTION, Camera, Bluetooth, etc.
1	Beautiful Color riddle, RECEPTION, Camera, Bluetooth, etc.
1	Great features at low price.
1	Great characteristic at low price.
1	price, quality prints
1	price, prize prints
0	Scans messed up after prolonged scanning. Auto straighten function needs tuning.
0	Scans messed up after prolonged scanning. Auto straighten purpose pauperism tuning.
1	Speed, use of use, quick set up, two sided printing.
1	amphetamine, practice of use, quick set up, two sided printing.
0	Unreliable, bulky, noisy, slow, expensive to run.
0	Unreliable, bulky, noisy, slow, expensive to go.
1	Ease of use, durability, quality
1	Ease of use, durability, lineament
0	Ink is expensive
0	ink is expensive
0	THERE ARE NO CONS ABOUT THIS CAMERA AND I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO EVERYBODY
0	THERE ARE NO memorize almost THIS CAMERA AND I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO EVERYBODY
1	Photo Quality, Ease Of Use
1	Photo caliber, Ease Of Use
0	Very unreliable
0	rattling unreliable
0	Memory card is small
0	Memory card is minuscule
1	great color and resolution, easy to use, remote control operation
1	majuscule color and resolution, easy to exercise, remote control operation
1	Good form factor, display bright and clear,
1	Good form factor, display bright and readable,
1	it's a small two-in-one package
1	it's a humble two-in-one package
0	Eats batteries like candy
0	grub batteries like candy
1	Speakerphone
1	speakerphone
1	Good picture quality, intuitive operation, very appropriately priced.
1	well picture quality, intuitive operation, very appropriately priced.
1	GREAT quality pics for a 1.3 megapixel camera
1	GREAT quality pic for a 1.3 megapixel camera
1	LCD screen
1	LCD concealment
1	Can be used with Windows and Macintosh, sleek design
1	Can be used with Windows and macintosh, sleek design
0	nothing
0	zilch
1	Small, InfaRed compatible
1	low, InfaRed compatible
0	slow serial connection
0	dumb serial connection
1	Turns on a dime; opens with one hand; smooth ride for baby
1	plough on a dime; opens with unmatchable hand; smooth ride for baby
1	Good starter camera for an older child, very inexpensive
1	Good starter camera for an elderly child, very inexpensive
1	Easy to use, good back light, sounds great!
1	Easy to use, good back light-headed, sounds great!
1	Quiet, fast, new design
1	Quiet, fast, new aim
0	Battery life and zoom
0	Battery aliveness and zoom
0	The price is high as compared to other mobiles.
0	The price is gamey as compared to other mobiles.
1	good pictures, Good exposure, low cost, compact, very easy to use
1	good flick, Good exposure, modest cost, compact, very easy to use
0	Stopped working one month after warranty expired.
0	Stopped working one month after warranty conk.
1	quality printing, high ppm, long-lasting
1	caliber printing, high ppm, long-lasting
0	No Auto-Redial yet.
0	No Auto-Redial notwithstanding.
0	Poor camera, weak vibrate mode, horrible keys
0	Poor camera, weak vibrate mode, horrible keystone
0	Nothing major.
0	nil major.
0	High purchase price, high cost per page for ink, heavy, and bulky.
0	High purchase price, high cost per Page for ink, sound, and bulky.
1	No more photomats, lightweight, hooks directly to TV for instant images
1	No more photomats, lightweight, crotchet directly to TV for instant image
0	not reliable
0	not true
1	Combines phone, PIM, Fax, and Net all in one device.
1	Combines phone, PIM, Fax, and meshwork all in unrivalled device.
1	Inexpensive price and ink tanks
1	Inexpensive terms and ink tanks
0	reception is bad here but good there
0	reception is bad here but dependable there
1	Small/light weight.  , Easy transfer.  , Battery charger saves a bundle!
1	Small/illumine weight.  , Easy transfer.  , Battery charger spare a bundle!
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	spotter that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
1	stylish, work great
1	stylish, turn great
1	good quality printing
1	beneficial quality printing
0	Battery casing is fragile.
0	Battery casing is flimsy.
0	Big cartridge means it costs a bit more to refill.  New cartridges are EXPENSIVE.
0	handsome cartridge imply it costs a bit more to refill.  New cartridges are EXPENSIVE.
0	Not Very Well Supported By Compaq, Feeder Tray Is Buggy, Photo-Quality... Nope.
0	Not Very Well affirm By Compaq, Feeder Tray Is bonkers, Photo-Quality... Nope.
1	Color output great, easy to use, installs in minutes
1	Color output great, gentle to use, installs in minutes
0	Takes time to install the software.
0	learn time to install the software.
0	The most important thing-reception-is poor
0	The most important thing-reception-is pitiful
1	Excellent image quality and great low light performance
1	Excellent image quality and great low low-cal performance
1	Compact,Easy to use,Vibrates and rings,caller ID,separate rings for family
1	summary,Easy to use,Vibrates and rings,caller ID,separate rings for kinfolk
0	Aesthetics, Design
0	Aesthetics, contrive
1	Excellent design, Clever phone book
1	Excellent design, Clever phone Koran
1	Pro&amp;#146;s&amp;#9;- Simple to set up and use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	pro&amp;#146;s&amp;#9;- elementary to coiffure up and apply&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Weak flash
0	watery flash
1	Big screen, size/weight, great organizer, great reception, NaviRoller, voice dialing, long battery life, neat features
1	Big screen, size/weight, nifty organizer, great reception, NaviRoller, voice dialing, long battery life, cracking have
1	Lightweight, clear connections, vibrating ringer, flip-open, battery life
1	Lightweight, clearly connections, vibrating ringer, flip-open, battery life
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in half-dozen discolour, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	The best PDA/Phone Combo, but a
1	The substantially PDA/Phone Combo, but a
0	Pricey, but coming down
0	Pricey, but number down
0	I have several
0	I have respective
0	SIM cover comes off easily. Phone randomly "crashes."
0	SIM binding comes off easily. Phone randomly "crashes."
0	battery life
0	barrage life
0	tripod mount placement, red-eye, focusing
0	tripod mount placement, red-eye, concentrate
0	tones, pics, etc are awful, menu screen are confusing could be far better
0	tones, pics, etc are awful, carte screen are confusing could be far unspoilt
1	Stylish, good for tall people (I'm 6'5")
1	Stylish, good for marvelous people (I'm 6'5")
0	color, flip(breaks easier)
0	color, flip(breach easier)
1	Excellent photo quality, ease of use, features
1	Excellent photo quality, still of use, features
1	Not very heavy
1	Not very grave
0	Battery Problems
0	battery Problems
0	won't always print multiple copies
0	won't e'er print multiple copies
1	Simple, Cheap, Fun
1	Simple, cheesy, Fun
0	No cover for LCD
0	No address for LCD
1	Great  photo output, quiet, low cost ink.
1	Great  photo output, quiet, gloomy cost ink.
0	Qwerky user interface
0	Qwerky exploiter interface
0	expensive ink and paper
0	expensive ink and wallpaper
1	Crystal clear photos, fully customizable photo settings, great moveable display
1	Crystal cleared exposure, fully customizable photo settings, great moveable display
0	Large in size, noisy, ink is expensive
0	boastfully in size, noisy, ink is expensive
1	Decent price, decent quality - nothing special tho
1	Decent price, decent quality - zip special tho
0	Sub-par voice recognition, weak battery life, a bit pricey.
0	Sub-par voice recognition, weak battery spirit, a bit pricey.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to role
0	larger than some, use a square view-finder versus an eye-piece
0	turgid than some, use a straight view-finder versus an eye-piece
0	high maintenance, expensive, hard to find
0	high maintenance, expensive, hard to rule
0	Battery life.
0	Battery biography.
0	Almost too small, feels like a toy, speakerphone is useless
0	nearly too small, smell like a toy, speakerphone is useless
1	lightweight, inexpensive
1	whippersnapper, inexpensive
1	easy install and cheeeeeep
1	well-heeled install and cheeeeeep
0	digital zoom is worthless (surprise!)
0	digital zoom is slimy (surprise!)
1	tiny,lovely,functional, easy use.....
1	tiny,lovely,functional, easy enjoyment.....
1	Good look, seperate ink cartridges, fast scanning
1	skillful look, seperate ink cartridges, fast scanning
0	no fax facility, can't do A3 copies
0	no fax adroitness, can't do A3 copies
0	No USB or Parallel cord provided.
0	No USB or Parallel cord ply.
1	Excellent image quality, quality Nikon construction, many features, many accessories available, good heavy construction
1	Excellent image quality, quality Nikon construction, many features, many accessories available, near wakeless construction
0	Downloading is frustrating, takes really bad pictures with the flash on.
0	Downloading is frustrating, train really bad fancy with the flash on.
1	amazing pictures. the battery never runs out. lots of options.
1	amazing pictures. the battery never runnel out. wads of options.
0	Who wants to do all that stuff? It's way to complicated.
0	Who wish to do all that binge? It's way to complicated.
0	Goes through batteries like nothing I have ever seen and the software could be a bit more user friendly.
0	extend through batteries like nothing I have ever consider and the software could be a flake more user friendly.
0	Poorly written software
0	Poorly indite software
1	Excellent sound quality,reception,good battery life,loaded w.features...voice dialing,etc
1	Excellent sound quality,reception,good battery spirit,blotto w.features...voice dialing,etc
1	Size, caller id on outside, overall nice looking phone
1	Size, caller id on outside, overall overnice looking phone
0	Small paper hold in back, occasional lockups.
0	Small paper hold in second, occasional lockups.
1	Nice big color at a bargain price
1	Nice big distort at a bargain price
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
1	outstanding reception in fringe areas, great clarity and A-one voice recognition software
0	tiny size, expensive
0	midget size, expensive
0	drivers, control panel, crooked printing
0	drivers, command panel, crooked printing
1	Size, features
1	sizing, features
0	To get use with the menu sometimes seems a little bit strange
0	To become use with the menu sometimes seems a fiddling bit strange
0	It's ugly
0	It's wretched
0	Poor software.  Toss it.
0	short software.  Toss it.
1	Easy to break down
1	Easy to suspension down
0	software is slow and time consuming
0	software is deadening and time consuming
1	Extremely light-weight
1	highly light-weight
0	Not good for high quality pictures
0	Not good for high quality depiction
1	Very Fast, excellent text and image quality; Both full Cartridges included
1	Very debauched, excellent text and image select; Both full Cartridges included
1	Small size, great looks, quality pictures, zoom lens, movies, great features!
1	Small size, bully looks, timbre pictures, zoom lens, movies, great features!
0	Manual poorly written/translated
0	Manual ill written/translated
1	Quality and accuracy, numerous useful features, easy to use, great battery life, nice LCD
1	Quality and accuracy, numerous useful features, loose to use, peachy battery life, nice LCD
0	Takes at least 5-10 minutes before it starts printing
0	deal at least 5-10 minutes before it starts printing
0	cost and a bit bulky
0	price and a bit bulky
1	Amazing images, easy to use, compact size, mini-movie capability.
1	mystify images, easy to use, compact size, mini-movie capability.
1	Ive listed the pros in my review
1	Ive listed the pros in my inspection
0	battery hog, placement of LCD view panel
0	battery hogget, placement of LCD view panel
1	Durability/ Ease of Use/ Good Quality photos
1	Durability/ Ease of Use/ well Quality photos
0	Diskette type affects image quality
0	Diskette type touch image quality
1	Incredible lens capable of 10x zoom. Loaded with features.  Sexy design.
1	Incredible lens capable of 10x zoom. Loaded with have.  Sexy invention.
0	Battery life is a problem. Need extra battery pack.
0	battery life is a problem. Need extra battery pack.
1	Great Copier and scanner
1	cracking Copier and scanner
0	Not to cheap
0	Not to crummy
0	batteries do go quickly
0	batteries do fling quickly
1	Easy menu navigation, Stylish, compact design
1	slowly menu navigation, Stylish, compact design
0	No Type II Compact Flash Support, Very limited indoor and low light usage
0	No Type II Compact Flash sustain, Very limited indoor and depressed light usage
1	Small, Looks cool,
1	Small, search cool,
0	None
0	none
1	Beautiful colors, good macro.
1	Beautiful color, good macro.
0	EXPENSIVE!
0	expensive!
0	no floppy disks, live LCD display would be nice
0	no floppy disks, live LCD exhibit would be nice
0	Slow lens. Hard to retrieve memory card.
0	Slow lens. Hard to retrieve memory scorecard.
0	A little heavy to carry comfortably
0	A little heavy to stockpile comfortably
0	not many really, does what it should at this price well
0	not many really, does what it should at this toll intimately
1	good resolution, reliable company
1	goodness resolution, reliable company
0	Not easy to cradle on shoulder, BATTERY LIFE, can't read display once backlight goes out
0	Not slow to cradle on shoulder, BATTERY LIFE, can't say display once backlight die out
0	Speakerphone while on calls.
0	Speakerphone while on promise.
1	Price, reliability, ease of setup
1	Price, reliability, easiness of setup
0	The memory card is too small and no rechargeable batteries!
0	The memory card is too belittled and no rechargeable battery!
1	Ultra-sharp high res photos, Lots of user
1	Ultra-sharp high res picture, Lots of user
1	Prints, Scans, Copies, all in one 
1	Prints, Scans, Copies, all in unmatchable 
1	Small and light; very easy to use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Small and brightness; very easy to purpose.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Great features
1	outstanding features
1	Very easy to set up and use
1	Very easy to lot up and use
1	Stunning output -- it's really jaw-dropping.
1	stunning output -- it's really jaw-dropping.
0	Absolutely none.
0	absolutely none.
0	Bulkier than some newer phones
0	Bulkier than some newer ring
1	takes pics
1	payoff pics
0	Eats through AA batteries
0	Eats through AA bombardment
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
0	A little slow if your in a hurry
0	A niggling slow if your in a hurry
0	could be too narrow for chunky babies
0	could be too narrow for squat babies
0	Takes terrible quality pictures
0	demand terrible quality pictures
0	Handle could be longer
0	Handle could be recollective
0	Pano loss when SMcard formatted with card readers, Insufficient included SMcard, Wasn't free.
0	Pano loss when SMcard formatted with card lector, Insufficient included SMcard, Wasn't gratuitous.
0	None.. at all
0	none.. at all
1	Small, easy to use, and takes great pics
1	Small, easy to use, and fill great pics
1	Easy to use.  Sharp display.  Excellent results.  Full of features.
1	Easy to use.  sharply display.  Excellent event.  Full of features.
0	voice activation (calling, etc.)
0	vox activation (calling, etc.)
1	price, size, print quality
1	damage, size, print quality
0	The flash reaction is slow.
0	The scud reaction is slow.
0	Mechanical Issues - Color Photos;Poor Customer Service; Spyware; Broken Already
0	Mechanical issue - Color Photos;pitiable Customer Service; Spyware; Broken Already
1	Great Printer especially  for pictures
1	keen Printer especially  for pictures
0	none
0	none
0	The battery in this phone is very weak, and dies quickly.
0	The battery in this phone is very unaccented, and croak quickly.
0	No docking cradle (USB cable only).
0	nobelium docking cradle (USB cable only).
1	Low Price, Compact, Viewfinder
1	abject Price, Compact, Viewfinder
0	Poor Picture Quality, Breaks Easily
0	Poor project Quality, Breaks Easily
1	Collapses really easily
1	flop really easily
1	Not a one.
1	Not a unitary.
1	Great internal LCD; bright and colorful
1	cracking internal LCD; bright and colorful
0	Build quality not for the long haul
0	establish quality not for the long haul
1	Excellent color and clarity ina asmall package
1	Excellent colouration and clarity ina asmall package
1	Excellent printing time
1	fantabulous printing time
0	no cons
0	no memorize
1	Small, Light, Cute looking, Cool White Backlight, Easy to use menus
1	Small, Light, Cute looking, cool White Backlight, Easy to use fare
1	a very handy piece
1	a very handy tack
0	tiny joystick, no optical zoom, accessories delayed.
0	tiny joystick, no optical zoom, accessories detain.
0	Screen is a bit dark, but not a real problem for me..
0	Screen is a bit dingy, but not a material problem for me..
1	Intergrated antenna, interchangable covers, nice looks, good reception, lots of features, small size.
1	Intergrated antenna, interchangable covers, nice looks, salutary reception, lots of features, belittled size.
1	Easy to use. Small size.  Plenty of features
1	Easy to use. Small size.  deal of features
0	Software bugs
0	Software hemipteron
0	Fades and falls apart
0	fade and falls apart
0	A bit pricey
0	A spot pricey
1	Full feature set, easy to use, value.
1	Full feature specify, easy to use, value.
1	amazing photo images
1	stick photo images
0	no web browser, not ring tone compatible, and not many features.
0	no web browser, not surround tonus compatible, and not many features.
1	speed, colors, resolution, compact design.
1	speed, colors, solving, compact design.
1	Tiny, many extras, hands free built in
1	petite, many extras, hands free built in
1	Sturdy, swivel handle, easy fold up.....
1	Sturdy, swivel handle, slow fold up.....
1	Swivel LCD, Remote control, Flash hot-shoe, Type II CF Compatability
1	Swivel LCD, Remote curb, scud hot-shoe, Type II CF Compatability
0	weight of stroller, small basket
0	slant of stroller, small basket
1	Very well priced.  Great for average user.
1	rattling well priced.  Great for average user.
1	Light weight and eaSy to use.
1	unclouded weight and eaSy to use.
1	Clear Signal, WAP enabled, phonebook size, size
1	percipient Signal, WAP enabled, phonebook size, size
0	Speed
0	hurry
1	Res. Auto Focus. SLR.
1	Res. Auto centering. SLR.
1	Small, Sleek, Features, Display, Outside Case Caller ID, Awesome Reception
1	Small, Sleek, Features, Display, Outside shell Caller ID, amazing Reception
0	No bluetooth, no pc connect, no foreign use, Verizon only.
0	No bluetooth, no pc link, no foreign usage, Verizon only.
1	Great all-purpose office machine
1	cracking all-purpose office machine
0	Read the article for the cons of this camera.
0	Read the article for the hornswoggle of this camera.
1	This digital beauty is a gem!
1	This digital beauty is a muffin!
1	Cool games, lots of features!
1	Cool games, deal of features!
0	voice activated dial sometimes iffy
0	voice activated dial sometimes flukey
1	cheap
1	gaudy
0	Eats batteries
0	exhaust batteries
1	Good clarity, easy to operate, lots of different options.
1	Good clarity, easy to operate, scores of different options.
0	Hard to turn phone on -- lots of options
0	Hard to turn call on -- lots of options
1	Nice small and inexpensive, the plans for this phone are also inexpensive.
1	Nice small and cheap, the plans for this headphone are also inexpensive.
1	Beautiful screen.
1	beautiful screen.
1	lightweight
1	jackanapes
1	Wonderful greetingcard, photo printing. My second Canon Printer. 
1	Wonderful greetingcard, photo printing. My irregular Canon Printer. 
0	Noisy
0	noisy
0	Battery life, Software, Buttons, durability.
0	Battery biography, Software, Buttons, durability.
0	No cable included, and speed is not especially impressive
0	no cable included, and speed is not especially impressive
1	Ease of use but has lots of customization options; included remote, and all cables
1	Ease of utilisation but has lot of customization options; included remote, and all cables
1	 games
1	 back
1	Great camera. Great video and MP3. Solid phone.
1	Great camera. Great video and MP3. solidness phone.
0	Picture quality poor, video runs less than 25fps, no preview screen, only 4MB memory.
0	Picture quality pathetic, video ply less than 25fps, no preview screen, only 4MB memory.
0	red eye with built in flash 
0	red eye with built in flashgun 
0	Blue Sky Seems Green, Slow Time Between Shots.
0	Blue Sky Seems Green, Slow Time Between shooter.
0	Only 16 MB of memory.  What were they thinking?
0	merely 16 MB of memory.  What were they thinking?
0	smeared printing, never wakes up from standby, won't feed paper properly, 
0	smeared printing, never awaken up from standby, won't feed paper right, 
1	Color screen, Bluetooth built in, Updated Firmware
1	vividness screen, Bluetooth built in, Updated Firmware
1	Cheap entry phone,Joystick control
1	Cheap entry phone,Joystick ascendancy
1	Great quality at a good price
1	Great quality at a dear price
1	compact size, good lens, great manual control, and good button location
1	wad size, good lens, great manual ensure, and good button location
0	A bit heavy to carry around all day.
0	A minute heavy to carry around all day.
1	Very portable, sleek, tons of accessories and user replaceable parts, good reception.
1	Very portable, sleek, tons of accessories and user replaceable contribution, goodness reception.
0	Small screen can be difficult to read. Mixed reception in the country.
0	Small screen can be difficult to read. miscellaneous reception in the area.
0	Few HEADSET options. SCROLL button design needs a rethink and RING TONES are the worst.
0	Few HEADSET pick. whorl button design needs a afterthought and RING TONES are the worst.
0	Basic model missing many features I want.
0	Basic model missing many feature I want.
1	Small
1	humble
0	download time from camera to computer not usb
0	download clock from camera to computer not usb
0	Slow, low resolution printing
0	Slow, scummy resolution printing
0	May not have the sleekest looks.
0	May not have the satiny looks.
1	Inexpensive
1	inexpensive
0	Terrible picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easy to heated body&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Terrible project quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;gentle to heat body&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Does it all
1	practice it all
1	Ease of use, Great, inexpensive storage media, EXCELLENT fit for serious amateur 
1	Ease of use, expectant, inexpensive storage media, EXCELLENT fit for sober amateur 
0	Great for personal picture-taking, but not quite enough pixel capacity for the professional.
0	outstanding for personal picture-taking, but not rather enough pixel capacity for the professional.
0	steep learning curve, no USB transfer
0	steep learning curve, no USB reassign
1	small
1	lowly
0	Menu's are confusing especially if you're an ex-Nokia user.
0	Menu's are discombobulate especially if you're an ex-Nokia user.
0	limited memory stick comes w/ camera
0	limited retention stick comes w/ camera
1	2880 for under $100.00
1	2880 for under $century.00
0	Not a zoom
0	Not a surge
1	Big, bright screen.  High speed. Great speakers.  Camera, video camera and light. Battery life.
1	self-aggrandizing, bright screen.  High speed. Great speakers.  Camera, video camera and light. Battery spirit.
1	Extremely durable, looks fantastic, ultra compact and takes great pictures
1	Extremely durable, looks fantastic, ultra compact and engage great visualise
1	Lightweight, compact, easy to use, takes beautiful photos
1	Lightweight, compact, easy to use, get beautiful photos
1	Very easy to use, great quality photos
1	Very easy to use, great quality photo
1	Nice looking phone, many features, excellent color display
1	Nice looking phone, many features, excellent color showing
1	Color screen, intuitive interface, small size, huge featureset
1	Color test, intuitive interface, small size, huge featureset
0	Bulky camera
0	bulky camera
0	Ink Cartridge Runs Out A Little Too Quickly
0	Ink Cartridge Runs out A Little Too Quickly
1	One of their better phones, smaller with camera feature.
1	One of their unspoiled phones, smaller with camera feature.
1	Inexpensive and good for basic home printing needs
1	Inexpensive and secure for basic home printing needs
0	sound quality is only so-so
0	heavy quality is only so-so
1	Color screen, size, decent battery power.
1	Color screenland, size, decent battery power.
0	Quite a few--details in review.
0	Quite a few--details in reexamine.
0	No optical zoom, optical viewfinder only shows 80% of what you're shooting
0	No optical whizz, optic viewfinder only shows 80% of what you're shooting
1	Outstanding print quality. Impressive efficiency. Overall, outstanding value.
1	Outstanding print quality. Impressive efficiency. Overall, striking value.
0	Small basket
0	little basket
0	Poor reception and numerous dropped calls. Thickness detracts from its overall small size.
0	pathetic reception and numerous fell calls. Thickness detracts from its overall small size.
1	Inexpensive, excellent quality
1	inexpensive, excellent quality
0	Very expensive
0	identical expensive
1	Nice look, great technology, and awesome features
1	prissy look, great technology, and awesome features
1	Nice color screen.  Extendable antenna.  Thought actual calls sounded better than LGs.
1	dainty color screen.  Extendable antenna.  mean actual calls sounded better than LGs.
0	 A little slow
0	 A little easy
1	Size, ease of use, very good reception.
1	Size, ease of utilize, very good reception.
0	Some pictures are blurry at certain distances. A little grainy in certain light.
0	Some picture are blurry at certain distances. A little grainy in certain light-colored.
0	Haven't found one.
0	Haven't discover one.
1	Multi-position seat and footrest, large storage basket, easy fold, lightweight
1	Multi-position seat and footstool, large storage basket, easy close, lightweight
1	CLICK BUTTON WORKS! 
1	CLICK BUTTON solve! 
1	Picture quality,  3 X zoom
1	Picture quality,  deuce-ace X zoom
0	I haven't found any yet, I will edit if I do.
0	I haven't found any nonetheless, one will edit if I do.
0	A little bigger than some of the competitively priced phones
0	A piffling openhanded than some of the competitively priced phones
0	lack of some options
0	deficiency of some options
1	light and small, features, looks, price
1	light and small, features, calculate, price
1	Great Quality and Fair Price
1	Great Quality and reasonable Price
0	- None with phone
0	- None with call
1	Very user friendly, even for novice; excellent color and contrast, even in natural light
1	Very exploiter friendly, fifty-fifty for novice; excellent color and contrast, even in natural light
1	Small, Fast Print Speed, Great Print Quality
1	minuscule, Fast Print Speed, Great Print Quality
1	compact, lightweight, features
1	squeeze, lightweight, features
1	Extremely durable--military specs.
1	Extremely durable--military eyeglasses.
0	None so far
0	none so far
0	Slightly bulky, LCD viewfinder a bit choppy.
0	Slightly bulky, LCD viewfinder a mo choppy.
0	Low battery life - you need the rechargeable battery
0	Low battery life - you take the rechargeable battery
1	Separately replaceable colors, fast, quiet, quality output
1	Separately replaceable vividness, fast, quiet, quality output
0	Nothing really. Possibly price, the Owners Manual
0	Nothing real. Possibly price, the Owners Manual
0	ink refills cost too much
0	ink refills cost too often
1	Quality printing, fast for family and reliable
1	Quality printing, fast for family and honest
1	Size, ease of use, powers up quickly.
1	Size, ease of use, powers up apace.
1	Lightweight and easy to use
1	Lightweight and easy to utilise
1	small, slick looking, good battery, easy to use
1	small, slick looking, good bombardment, easy to use
1	Dirt Cheap after Rebate.
1	stain Cheap after Rebate.
1	Every feature a power user may want.
1	Every feature a baron user may want.
0	flash
0	shoot
0	Bulky , printing quality is very good but Polaroid 500 photos are small size.
0	Bulky , printing quality is very practiced but Polaroid 500 photos are modest size.
1	Inexpensive, LCD screen, Flash, CF media slot.
1	Inexpensive, LCD screen, flaunt, CF media slot.
1	PRICE/Megapixel Ratio,LCD Screen, Ease of use, EVERYTHING AUTOMATIC, Great Software Bundle
1	PRICE/Megapixel Ratio,LCD Screen, Ease of use, EVERYTHING AUTOMATIC, bang-up Software wad
1	Very attractive, Poly Ringtones, Easy to  use
1	Very attractive, Poly Ringtones, well-off to  use
0	drops calls
0	drib calls
1	Price level, full manual control, very powerful flash
1	Price level, full manual control, very potent flash
1	Small size, decent output
1	Small size, right output
0	Expensive
0	expensive
0	Expensive ink cartridges, flimsy construction
0	Expensive ink pickup, flimsy construction
1	Stunning text and graphics quality, very fast, cheap to buy, cheap to run
1	sandbag text and graphics quality, very fast, cheap to buy, cheap to melt
1	Battery Life
1	Battery life
1	easy to use, saves to floppy
1	easy to apply, saves to floppy
0	Paper tray sticks out back
0	Paper tray sticks out hind
1	Better reception than previous models&#13;&#10;Less flatlines&#13;&#10;Cheap&#13;&#10;Compact&#13;&#10;Lightweight&#13;&#10;Easy to use&#13;&#10;Newer games
1	right reception than previous models&#13;&#10;Less flatlines&#13;&#10;flash&#13;&#10;Compact&#13;&#10;Lightweight&#13;&#10;well-to-do to usage&#13;&#10;Newer biz
1	Larger format, fast when it works
1	orotund format, fast when it works
1	Swivel body, great picture quality, features for the money.
1	Swivel consistence, great picture quality, features for the money.
1	Super-light and thin, cool ringers, big screen, great signal quality
1	Super-light and dilute, cool ringers, big filmdom, great signal quality
0	Battery Drainage /w flash, Bad Lighting=Bad Photos
0	Battery Drainage /w jiffy, Bad Lighting=Bad Photos
0	Limited under low-light conditions.
0	trammel under low-light conditions.
1	Very Durable, Long Life Battery, Great Signal, Camera, Color Screen, Speakerphone, Good Design
1	Very Durable, Long Life shelling, keen Signal, Camera, Color Screen, Speakerphone, Good Design
0	cell range, falls out of hip holster
0	cell reach, falls out of hip holster
1	Easy to use, Uses standard floppy disk.
1	Easy to use, utilisation standard floppy disk.
0	Not many faceplates are out in stores and malls yet..No other Cons
0	Not many faceplate are out in stores and malls yet..No other gyp
1	Speed, print quality, reliability
1	Speed, print quality, reliableness
0	Software Is Troublesome, Requires Steady Fingers
0	Software Is Troublesome, Requires unbendable Fingers
1	Strong, Dependable, and Inexpensive
1	Strong, good, and Inexpensive
0	Optimal settings not listed in manual., Doesn't work with 3'rd party RIPs., , 
0	Optimal settings not listed in manual., Doesn't lick with 3'rd party pull., , 
1	Worked for a while
1	influence for a while
0	No optical viewfinder...
0	No optical finder...
1	Cheap!, fast, easy to find ink cartridges
1	Cheap!, quick, easy to find ink cartridges
1	fast, laser-like print quality, small and easy to use
1	degenerate, laser-like print quality, small and easy to use
0	Absolutely nothing!
0	Absolutely aught!
0	None that I've found
0	None that I've bump
0	Won't serve a cup of coffee (but it will print a great one!)
0	Won't suffice a cup of coffee (but it will print a great unrivalled!)
0	Small Battery Life
0	minor Battery Life
1	Size, Looks, IR Modem, Global Roaming, Battery Life, Voice dialing, User Interface
1	Size, seem, IR Modem, Global Roaming, Battery living, Voice dialing, User Interface
1	easy to use, price
1	prosperous to use, price
0	USB functionality does not initialize properly
0	USB functionality does not initialise properly
1	easy to use
1	easy to utilise
0	Gobbles up batteries like nothing you ever saw, but what digital doesn't?
0	Gobbles up barrage like nothing you ever ensure, but what digital doesn't?
1	Great pictures, 3.34 megapixels produce great printout up to 8 by 10, Durable, Great interface
1	Great pictures, iii.34 megapixels produce great printout up to 8 by 10, perdurable, corking interface
0	high cost of cartridges, slow to print several sheets of material
0	high cost of cartridges, obtuse to print several mainsheet of material
0	small screen, low battery life (can be upgraded), no games, no message waiting LED
0	small screenland, low bombardment life (can be upgraded), no games, no message waiting LED
0	poor White balance on indoor shots
0	poor White proportion on indoor shots
1	decent quality, good overall value
1	decent quality, right overall value
1	small, utilizes wonderful Nokia menu system
1	small, utilizes wonderful Nokia card system
1	Great
1	peachy
1	Affordable for a really nice camera
1	Affordable for a truly nice camera
1	high performance, low cost
1	high performance, downhearted cost
0	Poor reception, phones break down in no time.
0	Poor reception, phones disclose down in no time.
1	Trimode (Analog/Digital/PCS), easy to use, perfect for high school/college students
1	Trimode (Analog/Digital/PCS), easy to practice, perfect for mellow school/college students
1	Compact and nice quality for the price
1	Compact and nice prime for the price
0	Color photo output requires special paper for best results
0	Color photo output requires special paper for well results
0	none
0	none
1	Great photo quality printing
1	capital photo quality printing
0	Not the best quality, You get what you pay for.
0	Not the serious quality, You take what you pay for.
0	-the seconds it takes from when you press the button to take the picture, and the picture is actually taken
0	-the seconds it admit from when you iron the button to consume the picture, and the picture is actually rent
1	Blue Light (enough said)
1	gamy Light (enough said)
1	Fast printing, good quality printing
1	Fast printing, expert quality printing
0	must have better software then  supplied
0	must have comfortably software then  supplied
0	Takes a while to learn, smallish screen, slow operation
0	guide a while to learn, smallish screen, slow operation
0	Looses Connection in Michigan Dunes
0	Looses link in Michigan Dunes
1	Takes a 3.5&amp;quot; disk
1	involve a 3.5&amp;quot; disk
1	price, dpi, ease of set up
1	price, dpi, ease of determine up
1	awesome accesories, lots of features
1	awesome accesories, lots of boast
1	Crisp photos, inexpensive batteries
1	Crisp photos, inexpensive battery
0	slow to deliver to printer, not too bad
0	slack to deliver to printer, not too bad
0	Noisy paper loading and bulky size
0	Noisy paper consignment and bulky size
0	lasted 5 months, then broke. total ink HOG!!! 
0	lasted 5 months, then broke. total ink grunter!!! 
1	Great images, Total Control Over Settings
1	Great images, Total controller Over Settings
1	nice print quality
1	nice print character
0	limited manual modes, eats batteries (don't they all?)
0	limited manual modes, exhaust batteries (don't they all?)
1	Fast and crisp color
1	riotous and crisp color
0	none so far
0	none so FAR
0	time between shutter pressed and picture taken too long.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;1024x768 max&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	time between shutter pressed and picture drive too retentive.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;1024x768 scoop&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	toner expense, dust
0	toner expense, junk
0	No AC adapter, Serial only--no USB, poor flash
0	No AC adapter, Serial only--no USB, miserable flash
1	fast, great looking, inexpensive upkeep, great with labels, not envelopes
1	fast, great looking, inexpensive upkeep, keen with judge, not envelopes
0	Occasional black streaks (1 page in 50); case and connectors are flimsy.
0	Occasional fateful streaks (ace page in 50); case and connectors are flimsy.
0	cost
0	be
0	low quality, grainy, dark pictures
0	low quality, grainy, sullen pictures
0	Limited ring styles, mainly classical. I don't mind but some might.
0	Limited ring fashion, mainly authoritative. I don't mind but some might.
1	Image Stabilization, 10X Zoom, Great Lens, Easy to use Digital SLR
1	Image stabilization, 10X Zoom, Great Lens, slow to use Digital SLR
1	Packed with useful features, cool backlit LCD, well built
1	Packed with useful features, sang-froid backlit LCD, well built
0	ink cartridges cost
0	ink cartridge cost
1	Small, easy to use
1	Small, slowly to use
0	Update the flip stopped closing
0	Update the summersault stopped closing
1	Nice form-factor, Long battery life, Good reception, Lots of accessories
1	Nice form-factor, Long battery life, Good reception, pot of accessary
0	None
0	none
0	Cheaply made.
0	Cheaply produce.
1	Small, Sturdy, Good Battery Life
1	Small, Sturdy, dependable Battery Life
0	Noise, prone to jams, feeds extra sheets
0	Noise, prone to jams, feast extra sheets
1	seems to work fine, saves you $$
1	seems to lick fine, saves you $$
0	Battery direction markings hard to read 
0	Battery direction note hard to read 
1	Movie and Sound, Great quality pictures, Easy to use
1	picture and Sound, Great quality pictures, Easy to use
1	Small in size, long battery life, it works
1	Small in size, farseeing battery life, it works
0	No snooze on Alarm clock, bad reception
0	No snooze on appall clock, bad reception
1	Keypad, lightweight, easy navigation.
1	Keypad, lightweight, sluttish navigation.
1	Tough.
1	hard.
1	Good quality, great features, comfortable to use
1	Good character, great features, comfortable to use
1	size, light weight, ergonomics
1	size, light burthen, ergonomics
1	great quality
1	great choice
1	Integration
1	integrating
1	small, simple, great features,wonderful camera!!!
1	small, simple, great features,fantastic camera!!!
1	Convenience, ease of use, zoom lens
1	Convenience, ease of role, zoom lens
0	Ringer volume(Please read review), menu a bit difficult to navigate.
0	Ringer volume(Please register review), menu a snatch difficult to navigate.
1	Easy to turn, seat is padded
1	Easy to wrench, seat is padded
0	low powered flash, snap door, durability, reliability
0	low powered flash, tear door, durability, reliability
0	MP3 music not supported
0	MP3 music not affirm
0	Price, size a little cumbersome
0	Price, size a short cumbersome
1	Integrated Camera, Call Screening, Dual Color Screens, Fastest Vision Phone I've Tested.
1	Integrated Camera, vociferation Screening, Dual Color screen, Fastest Vision Phone I've Tested.
1	Light small
1	lightness small
0	steering is too hard, the light construction makes for flimsy feeling.
0	steering is too hard, the illume construction have for flimsy feeling.
1	It is a great Phone
1	It is a neat Phone
0	The phone lacks ergonomics and you end up hunting for the controls.
0	The phone want ergonomics and you end up hunting for the control.
0	Tiny screen, no WAP/web, limited battery life
0	Tiny screen, no WAP/WWW, limited battery life
0	odd shape and size of phone
0	odd shape and sizing of phone
1	None
1	none
0	Can't stop taking pictures I'm hooked :)
0	Can't stop taking envision I'm hooked :)
0	Sound quality, speakerphone
0	wakeless quality, speakerphone
1	Nikkor lens, image quality, size, speed
1	Nikkor lens, image quality, size, quicken
0	3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Media! Not a value-packed deal
0	tierce.V&amp;quot; Floppy Media! Not a value-packed deal
1	HP Realiability, crisp color and black print
1	HP Realiability, crisp color and blackamoor print
1	Ease of use, Large LCD Screen, Good Optical Zoom for size
1	Ease of employ, Large LCD sieve, Good Optical Zoom for size
1	Compact, light, good quality, great flash!
1	Compact, light, good select, great flash!
0	none I've found
0	none I've receive
0	Too much noise at high ISO or low light situations.
0	Too much noise at mellow ISO or low-down light situations.
1	Makes me strangely happy.
1	cook me strangely happy.
1	stores on floppy disk; a universally available device, wonderful zoom, you can shoot movies too!!
1	stores on floppy record; a universally available device, wonderful zoom, you can flash pic too!!
1	color and contrast is amazing, Light weight like all motorolas, simple to use
1	colorise and contrast is amazing, unaccented weight like all motorolas, simple to use
0	phonebook does not alphabetize
0	phonebook does not alphabetise
0	very poor battery life : almost not usable
0	very poor battery biography : almost not usable
1	Great Zoom.  Excellent Optical quality.
1	Great Zoom.  Excellent ocular quality.
0	DURABILITY!
0	strength!
0	Stroller only reclines in two positions
0	Stroller only reclines in two pose
1	great color, easy to use
1	great color, well-fixed to use
1	Easy to use. Lens is protected. Good quality in the pictures. The phone technical help is good too.
1	sluttish to use. lens is protected. upright quality in the pictures. The phone technical help is good too.
0	hard on the batteries, have to recharge often or have a 2nd set on hand
0	surd on the batteries, have to recharge often or have a 2nd sic on script
1	it's very light, holds 21 pic. and Compatible to serial ports
1	it's very light, contain 21 picture. and Compatible to serial ports
0	No Zoom available and drains batteries too rapidly.
0	No Zoom available and drainage batteries too rapidly.
1	Excellent quality
1	Excellent tone
0	It quit working after three days and no replacement possible.
0	It quit mold after 3 days and no replacement possible.
0	Hard to hear, bad performance.  Awkward menus
0	surd to hear, bad performance.  Awkward menus
0	Zoom could be better
0	Zoom could be substantially
0	HP needs to turn out a better variety of print papers.
0	HP needs to crook out a better variety of print paper.
1	easy of use, great pictures, lots of features, the list goes on 
1	easy of habituate, great image, lots of features, the list goes on 
1	GREAT QUALITY,FAST SPEED,NEAT LOOKING,LOTS OF OPTIONS,INEXPENSIVE, AND MOST OF ALL, IT'S MADE BY HP.
1	GREAT QUALITY,FAST accelerate,NEAT LOOKING,band OF OPTIONS,INEXPENSIVE, AND MOST OF ALL, IT'S MADE past HP.
1	Easy to use. Great quality pictures. Simple image transfer process. Good menu system.
1	Easy to use. Great quality pictures. Simple project transpose process. Good menu system.
1	easy to operate
1	easy to maneuver
1	Good user interface design; good ergonomics
1	Good user interface aim; good ergonomics
1	easy to set up
1	easy to lot up
0	A bit heavy, front cover a bit "weak", no battery indicator
0	A bit hard, front screen a bit "weak", no battery indicator
0	Eats batteries
0	Eats battery
0	none yet
0	none still
1	reliable, prints well, switches between fax and printer mode with no problems
1	true, prints good, switches between fax and printer mode with no problems
1	Good if you are into EXPRESSIONIST ART PICS
1	goodness if you are into EXPRESSIONIST ART PICS
1	Design, weight, user friendly, display, and I could go on, but I won`t!
1	Design, angle, user friendly, display, and I could sound on, but I won`t!
1	small; easy to use
1	small; easy to purpose
1	hmm...
1	hmm...
1	$, quality, functionality, durability
1	$, lineament, functionality, durability
1	Great color pictures
1	Great color word-painting
0	Packaging was not up to speed with other Digital Camera Makers
0	Packaging was not up to hurrying with other Digital Camera Creator
0	Pic quality is C-, problems, poor manufacturer support, waste of money in the long run
0	Pic quality is C-, problems, poor manufacturer funding, waste of money in the hanker course
0	Doesn't look that great, no vibrating ring, no unique special features.
0	Doesn't aspect that corking, no vibrating ring, no unique special features.
1	Nice and compact
1	prissy and compact
0	Sucks ink, and the ink sucks
0	draw ink, and the ink sucks
1	No having to download pictures to your hard drive.
1	No having to download scene to your hard drive.
1	It works
1	It process
0	Focus often fuzzy
0	Focus frequently fuzzy
0	None that I've found
0	None that I've recover
1	For the month or so it works, it works well.
1	For the month or so it lick, it works fountainhead.
1	Very light and easy to use
1	Very light and sluttish to use
0	Make sure you fully understand Sony's limited warranty.
0	Make sure you fully understand Sony's modified warranty.
0	durability, proformance, antena, quality
0	strength, proformance, antena, quality
1	Compact
1	stocky
1	GPS 911, great sound, loud ringtone, compact
1	GPS 911, great sound, tacky ringtone, compact
1	Cheap, plenty of features, usually cheap with a "package deal" from service provider
1	Cheap, heap of features, usually cheap with a "package mess" from service provider
1	Excellent pictures battery life and features!
1	Excellent envision battery life and features!
1	price, features
1	price, boast
0	Paper wrinkles when doing double sided printing once in awhile
0	paper wrinkles when doing double side printing once in awhile
1	picture quality, convenient to use, price
1	project quality, convenient to use, price
0	Lens adapter partially blocks view finder
0	Lens adapter partially halt view finder
0	Battery hog, missing ac adapter and charger
0	Battery hogget, missing ac adapter and charger
0	niggling interface things, movie option is just a tack-on, almost TOO small for larger hands
0	niggling interface things, movie option is just a tack-on, almost also small for great workforce
0	Very slow when other programs are running,
0	Very slowly when other programs are running,
0	paper jams, ink problems
0	wallpaper jams, ink problems
0	Very Pricey! smaller under seat storage
0	Very Pricey! smaller under seat entrepot
1	Great pictures, very easy to use. Small!
1	Great visualize, very easy to use. Small!
1	First and best mobile phone i ever owned
1	First and undecomposed mobile phone i ever owned
1	It's pretty.
1	It's jolly.
0	low ringer volume, occasional sluggish response,
0	humbled ringer volume, occasional sluggish response,
1	3.3 Megapixel, Full featured, Easy to use, Bright LCD, Excellent Battery, Excellent photo quality
1	3.3 Megapixel, Full featured, Easy to use, hopeful LCD, Excellent bombardment, fantabulous photo quality
1	A plethora of options
1	axerophthol plethora of options
0	Size makes it difficult to handle. READ THIS OPINION BEFORE YOU BUY!
0	Size makes it difficult to handle. read THIS OPINION BEFORE YOU bargain!
1	Small, reliable, versatile, easy to use.
1	humble, reliable, versatile, easy to use.
0	not too high image quality
0	not too high image prime
1	Rugged case, PTT Capability
1	Rugged case, PTT capableness
0	Illumination kind of dim in dark light situations.
0	Illumination kind of dim in dark lightheaded situations.
1	Excellent Print Quality.
1	Excellent Print prize.
1	Multifunctionality, but muted by problems
1	Multifunctionality, but softened by problems
0	Can't find any yet...
0	Can't find any nonetheless...
1	Very easy to use, sturdy, very good picture quality.
1	Very easy to utilization, sturdy, very good picture quality.
0	The camera is a little heavy and it has an optical zoom of only 2x.
0	The camera is a petty wakeless and it has an visual zoom of only 2x.
1	Very easy to use and download pictures with supplied software
1	Very well-to-do to use and download pictures with issue software
0	Short battery life, hard to see screen in daylight.
0	Short battery life, difficult to see screen in daylight.
0	NONE
0	none
1	Easy to use and understand
1	Easy to role and understand
0	short battery life
0	forgetful battery life
1	Features galore, Customisability, Excellent Battery Life.
1	Features galore, Customisability, Excellent Battery animation.
1	Tiny size, portability, excellent photos.
1	flyspeck size, portability, excellent photos.
0	Major software problems, retrieving stored numbers, clarity,
0	Major software problems, retrieving stored count, clarity,
0	battery life, cost
0	shelling life, cost
0	doesn't come with a power supply cord
0	doesn't semen with a power supply cord
0	NONE
0	none
0	Digital zoom capabilities 
0	Digital soar capabilities 
1	Affordable, quality prints, quick and quiet
1	low-cost, quality prints, quick and quiet
1	Great Megapixel/price ratio, Easy to use, lots of features, durable, Great all around
1	Great Megapixel/price ratio, Easy to use, set of features, durable, capital all around
0	Pokemon shaped, brick, horrible keypad, slow
0	Pokemon shaped, brick, horrible keypad, dumb
0	long charge time, the "enter" key is hard to use.
0	long institutionalise time, the "enter" headstone is hard to use.
1	Great camera for the advanced user as well as the beginner.
1	peachy camera for the sophisticated user as well as the beginner.
1	Quality, Usefulness, and Looks wrapped up in one phone.
1	Quality, Usefulness, and Looks wrapped up in i phone.
0	no storage area
0	no storage arena
1	Well actually I have found none!!
1	Well actually one have found none!!
1	Easy to use and prints great!
1	comfortable to use and prints great!
1	Good Price; Easy to Use; Great Software; Elegant Design
1	Good Price; sluttish to Use; Great Software; Elegant Design
0	Not so good in low-light situations.
0	Not so beneficial in low-light situations.
0	No viewfinder, battery life could be better
0	No viewfinder, battery life could be amend
0	power cord connection not secure
0	ability cord connection not secure
0	Infrared is not builtin. Small Screen. Standby is 3 days only. &#13;&#10;
0	Infrared is not builtin. low Screen. Standby is 3 days only. &#13;&#x;
0	Maybe the cost for the poor rug rats.
0	Maybe the cost for the pitiful rug rats.
0	breaks a lot ????
0	discontinue a lot ????
1	Great Sound, Signal-Strength, Outstanding Displays. A.O.K Verizon
1	Great Sound, Signal-Strength, Outstanding Displays. A.O.grand Verizon
1	Duplexing mode, excellent resolution, Fast!  Smaller footprint
1	Duplexing mode, excellent resolution, Fast!  modest footprint
1	"Cool" factor, Bluetooth, Voice activation, Fantastic battery life
1	"poise" factor, Bluetooth, Voice activation, Fantastic battery life
0	Poor connection quality. Tested with other phones on the verizon network. Poor software!!
0	Poor connection quality. Tested with other phones on the verizon mesh. misfortunate software!!
1	Functions
1	subprogram
1	Features,size,very loud ring
1	Features,size,very loud doughnut
1	Looks cool.
1	expect cool.
0	Canon software doesn't retain shooting info when converting RAW files
0	Canon software doesn't retain shoot info when converting unsanded files
0	none
0	none
1	Small size
1	belittled size
1	Screen; ring tones; Symbian O/S; bluetooth connectivity; memory expansion; still/video camera; style
1	Screen; ring tones; Symbian O/S; bluetooth connectivity; memory expansion; tranquil/video camera; flair
0	some similarities to Nokia 5190
0	some similarity to Nokia 5190
1	Powerful, nice photos, produces beautiful prints
1	Powerful, nice photo, produces beautiful prints
1	see review
1	view review
0	took awhile to get used to
0	hold awhile to get used to
0	Full-figured.  Expensive.
0	Full-figured.  expensive.
0	Unable to print at all if one cartridge is empty. 
0	ineffective to print at all if one pickup is empty. 
0	Shakes a lot, makes a lot of noise. Takes up to much ink.
0	Shakes a bunch, makes a lot of noise. rent up to much ink.
0	battery life, LEMON-PRONE, bad customer service.
0	battery life, LEMON-PRONE, high-risk customer service.
1	quality
1	timber
0	Fragile lens cover, no AC adapter
0	Fragile lens treat, no AC adapter
0	Only single band. Washed out screen. Reflective chrome around screen. Screen on while charging.
0	lonesome single band. Washed out screen. Reflective chrome around screen. riddle on while charging.
0	Battery life in talk mode
0	Battery life in talk fashion
0	software buggy
0	software balmy
0	Expensive toner, slightly cheap feeling plastic parts, low-tech support site
0	Expensive toner, slightly cheap feeling plastic component, low-tech hold site
1	Great battery life, good reception, excelent speakerphone, IT S A NOKIA!!!!
1	large battery life, beneficial reception, excelent speakerphone, IT S A NOKIA!!!!
1	Gorgeous body, new features, unbendable antenna, cheap with promotions.
1	Gorgeous body, freshly features, unbendable antenna, cheap with promotions.
0	Battery and charging time
0	Battery and excite time
0	You need lots and lots of light to use this one.
0	You need much and lots of light to use this unmatched.
0	Unreliable, poor Quality Control, no zoom
0	Unreliable, poor Quality curb, no zoom
1	Inexpensive, connection via USB port, works as a webcam
1	Inexpensive, connection via USB port, function as a webcam
0	Battery Life is short, no external flash
0	Battery Life is short, no external ostentate
1	Good outweighs the bad/
1	Good outbalance the bad/
1	Looks good!!!
1	Looks expert!!!
1	Great photo quality and quiet.
1	Great photo quality and lull.
1	Good speaker volume.
1	right speaker volume.
1	Loads of features; easy enough for point-and-shoot use; customizable My Modes and shortcuts; bright LCD.
1	scores of features; easy sufficiency for point-and-shoot employment; customizable My Modes and shortcuts; bright LCD.
1	Exceptional Features. Light Weight. Ultra-cool blue screen.  Nice games.
1	Exceptional Features. illumination Weight. Ultra-cool blue screen.  Nice games.
1	Clarity, Battery Life, Size!
1	Clarity, Battery animation, Size!
1	Easy to use with better than expected photo results.   
1	well-to-do to use with better than expected photo results.   
0	Quality of the mechanics of the printer may be lacking.
0	prize of the mechanics of the printer may be deficient.
1	Thin design; Stylish; Customization features
1	Thin design; Stylish; Customization feature
0	prints kind of slow, weird paper problem
0	prints variety of slow, weird paper problem
1	Takes 100 pictures
1	direct 100 pictures
0	A little weak in fully auto mode, RAW mode difficult to use
0	A footling weak in fully auto mode, RAW fashion difficult to use
0	same problems as the D-360L, too many options &amp; grainy low light photos
0	same problems as the D-360L, too many options &amp; grainy humiliated sluttish photos
0	 Ink cartridges are expensive
0	 ink cartridges are expensive
1	-True photo quality, -Ink cartridges aren't too expensive
1	-True picture quality, -Ink cartridges aren't too expensive
0	a little bulky, pricy memory sticks to replace floppys, only 90min charge time.
0	a piddling bulky, pricy memory mystify to replace floppys, only 90min charge time.
1	Very Quiet. Front paper load
1	Very Quiet. Front paper incumbrance
1	Color screen, small size, Get-It-Now.
1	colourize screen, small size, Get-It-Now.
0	Auto focus sometimes gets confused
0	Auto focus sometimes gets confound
1	good pic quality, great flash, VERY good software/menus in the camera.
1	beneficial pic quality, smashing flash, VERY good software/menus in the camera.
0	It is big.
0	It is vauntingly.
0	Slow, horrible quality, terrible machine
0	Slow, horrible quality, horrific machine
0	uses a lot of ink, isn't a flatbed scanner
0	uses a batch of ink, isn't a flatbed scanner
0	Some minor usability issues, "shelf life" of only a year.
0	Some nestling useableness issues, "shelf life" of only a year.
1	Easy to use,  Readily available film, Great viewer, ability to take MPEGs,  durable
1	Easy to usage,  Readily available film, keen viewer, ability to take MPEGs,  durable
0	Runs through batteries very fast, annoying delay in taking pictures
0	extend through batteries very fast, annoying check in taking pictures
0	No roaming information, great tunes don't go in alarm clock
0	No roaming information, large tunes don't depart in alarm clock
0	Prints only 4x6 photos or smaller
0	Prints only 4x6 picture or smaller
1	Lightweight,nice background,loud
1	Lightweight,overnice background,loud
1	Easy to use, great results
1	Easy to use, great solution
1	Everything, nice design, compact, easy to learn the functions,...
1	Everything, nice design, squeeze, easy to learn the functions,...
0	Smart and Scroll Buttons, Antenna jabs into you on belt clip
0	wise and Scroll Buttons, Antenna poking into you on belt clip
1	small size, ease of use, reliable
1	small size, ease of utilize, reliable
0	Poor Indoor Shots, Battery Life
0	Poor Indoor stab, Battery Life
0	Battery Life, Expensive Add-ons
0	barrage Life, Expensive Add-ons
1	Looks, style, feature packed, quad band, changeable faceplates, bluetooth
1	Looks, style, feature packed, quad band, uncertain faceplates, bluetooth
0	Large.
0	large.
1	Quality construction, fully-reclining seat
1	Quality twist, fully-reclining seat
0	not a color screen, no bluetooth
0	not a colorise screen, no bluetooth
0	Picture quality
0	Picture character
1	Highly customizable, from physical appearance to ring tones, long standby time; Very, very sturdy.
1	Highly customizable, from physical appearance to hoop tones, long standby time; Very, very stout.
0	LCD could be larger / more neg. tilt, Only 3x optical, camera resets to factory.
0	LCD could be larger / more neg. pitch, just 3x optical, camera resets to factory.
0	Reliability, durability, battery life, construction.
0	Reliability, durability, battery lifetime, construction.
0	Terribly slow, clumsy keypad, poor service
0	Terribly dense, clumsy keypad, poor service
1	Prints well when it does print and color is good.  
1	Prints well when it does print and colouring is serious.  
1	small, light weight, easy to carry
1	small, light weight, comfortable to carry
1	great features,different rings,easy to use,lots of room to store names
1	great features,different echo,easy to use,passel of room to store names
1	size
1	sizing
1	Color screen, analog roaming
1	semblance screen, analog roaming
1	Versatile and grows with baby
1	Versatile and grows with child
0	The color red comes out a little too bright. 
0	The color scarlet comes out a little too bright. 
1	Quality, price, ease of operation.
1	prize, price, ease of operation.
1	Very easy to use, good quality pictures
1	Very easy to employ, good quality pictures
1	Stability, Features, Reliability
1	Stability, characteristic, Reliability
0	None
0	none
0	poor quality
0	pitiable quality
0	You may need an exorcist.
0	You may ask an exorcist.
1	A very well designed camera.
1	adenine very well designed camera.
1	easy to use, small size, great picture quality
1	easy to use, small size, large picture quality
1	Sturdy
1	hardy
1	Bigtime memory, high resolution, clean clear pictures, oodles of features
1	Bigtime memory, high result, clean well-defined pictures, oodles of features
0	none
0	none
1	16 MB card, great quality, super-easy to use, video, pc-cam
1	16 MB card, corking tone, super-easy to use, video, pc-cam
0	only 9 ring styles, no games (like nokia)
0	only 9 ring styles, no games (care nokia)
0	Software Problems, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours spent with tech support
0	Software Problems, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours spend with tech living
1	Great camera!  Has many features, and a great software program.
1	majuscule camera!  make many features, and a great software program.
0	confusing
0	jumble
1	lightweight
1	whippersnapper
1	Dual Number Pads, Speakerphone, mini keyboard
1	Dual numeral Pads, Speakerphone, mini keyboard
1	GPS, ease of use, cost, loud enough!
1	GPS, ease of usage, cost, loud enough!
0	none at this price
0	none at this toll
1	easy to use,durable, long battery life
1	easy to usance,durable, long battery life
0	Printer cartridges are expensive
0	pressman cartridges are expensive
1	Capacity - Ease of Use
1	Capacity - Ease of expend
1	Cheap
1	tacky
0	Becomes too hot to rest comfortably against ear, awkward to hold.
0	Becomes too hot to rest comfortably against ear, inapt to carry.
0	Should be sold with case
0	Should be sold with suit
0	Not any that I can think of, I love it Just the step price.
0	Not any that single can think of, ace love it Just the step price.
1	Cheap camera
1	brassy camera
1	Nice colors, compact and very easy to use.
1	Nice colorize, compact and very easy to use.
1	excellent quality shots, many on camera options, affordable, low battery consumption, easy to use, Durable
1	excellent quality shots, many on camera options, low-cost, depleted battery consumption, easy to exercise, Durable
0	A few buttons are not well-lit, No SMS Text messaging
0	ampere few buttons are not well-lit, No SMS schoolbook messaging
1	Cheap
1	tinny
0	Lag from when you press the button.
0	slowdown from when you press the button.
0	Sometimes difficult to dial with teeny buttons.
0	Sometimes unmanageable to dial with teeny buttons.
1	fairly easy to use
1	fairly well-situated to use
1	long battery life, durable, charges fast
1	long battery life, long-wearing, charges fast
0	Still a bit bulky and reception goes in and out and no expandability.
0	silence a bit bulky and reception depart in and out and no expandability.
1	Size is just right.  Loaded with features that most people use.
1	Size is just right.  Loaded with have that most people employ.
1	easy to manuver, easy to fold and unfold, comes with carrier 
1	wanton to manuver, easy to fold and unfold, ejaculate with carrier 
0	So far, I have nothing negative to say about the phone.
0	then far, I have nothing negative to say about the ring.
0	Lousy Win2k drivers almost kill the thing (read more for my fix.)
0	filthy Win2k drivers virtually kill the thing (read more for my fix.)
0	I found this stroller to be to wide for many store isle's and doorways.
0	I plant this stroller to be to panoptic for many store isle's and doorways.
0	Tripod socket not centered under lens, rubber cover on side seems like afterthought.
0	Tripod socket not centered under lens, rubber cover on English seems corresponding afterthought.
0	Recharger and rechargable battery not included
0	Recharger and rechargable battery not include
1	Cheap, cute, sturdy, reliable
1	Cheap, precious, sturdy, reliable
1	small, light, nice design, display, features
1	small, light, nice design, expose, features
1	Great Battery Life.
1	Great Battery spirit.
0	will bleed on good stationary, can be slow, software only ok
0	will bleed on good stationary, can be wearisome, software only OK
0	battery life, sudden phone shutoff, sudden call drops
0	battery life, sudden ring shutoff, sudden call drops
0	somewhat complicated in manual mode, short flash range, relatively short battery life
0	somewhat complicated in manual mode, inadequate flash stove, relatively short battery life
1	Ease of use, quality pictures, selectivity of pictures
1	facilitate of use, quality pictures, selectivity of pictures
0	None
0	none
0	Few Rings, Weak Battery Life
0	Few halo, Weak Battery Life
1	brilliant pictures - close up shots are crisp, clear. cute as hell
1	brilliant impression - close up shots are crisp, clear-cut. cute as hell
0	Sound quality is terrible; volume is too loud even at lowest setting.
0	Sound quality is terrible; volume is too brassy even at lowest correct.
1	Swivel lens, compact size
1	Swivel lens, wad size
1	Print and build Quality, speed, ink usage, quite, hi-capacity ink, double sided printing.
1	Print and build Quality, quicken, ink usage, quite, hi-capacity ink, duple sided printing.
0	Nothing........
0	nada........
0	Short battery life
0	suddenly battery life
1	messaging, wow factor, sync with outlook, nokia interface
1	messaging, wow factor, sync with expectation, nokia interface
1	No paper jams. Excellent support. Good price.
1	No theme jams. Excellent support. Good price.
0	Delay in taking the picture after the shutter release is pressed.
0	Delay in taking the envision after the shutter vent is pressed.
1	Gorgeous output, quiet, roll paper ability, tech support, fade-resist
1	Gorgeous output, quiet, roll paper ability, tech tolerate, fade-resist
0	Weak battery. Touch pad has small keys in an odd pattern. Phone locks up often.
0	Weak battery. Touch lodgings has small keys in an odd pattern. phone locks up ofttimes.
1	Small, great features, easy to use
1	small, great features, easy to use
0	larger, requires user to provide printer cable
0	larger, involve user to provide printer cable
1	Fast, beautiful prints, Cheap
1	Fast, beautiful prints, chintzy
1	smaller than other double strollers.
1	smaller than other double stroller.
1	cheap, easy, fun
1	cheap, well-to-do, fun
0	poor reception, many disconnected calls
0	poor reception, many fragmented calls
1	Cheap, lightweight
1	gaudy, lightweight
1	Excellent camera! Loved it since the moment of first use!
1	fantabulous camera! bang it since the moment of first use!
1	Best camera on the market especially at that price
1	secure camera on the market especially at that price
1	Features, small size, cheap
1	Features, small sizing, cheap
0	Need to buy cable, ink doesn't dry fast enough sometimes
0	Need to buy cable, ink doesn't prohibitionist immobile enough sometimes
0	Even the "High resolution" pictures are very poor quality.
0	Even the "High solving" pictures are very poor quality.
1	can take some abuse, loaded with features
1	can drive some abuse, loaded with features
0	Some common functions hard to access
0	Some common functions voiceless to access
0	Ink thirsty, ink dries out fast, expensive ink cartridges 
0	Ink thirsty, ink dries out fast, expensive ink pickup 
1	works well with an inexpensive Plantronics headset (M110)
1	works comfortably with an inexpensive Plantronics headset (M110)
1	Great Phone, vibrate, voice dial are my favorite features.  Great price with rebates.
1	Great Phone, vibrate, voice dial are my preferent features.  dandy price with rebates.
0	Could be lighter
0	Could be ignitor
0	No back up memory
0	No gage up memory
1	Has a lot of features and looks good to top it off
1	get a luck of features and looks good to top it off
0	Not many
0	non many
1	Excellent print quality, card reader, portable
1	Excellent print quality, card lector, portable
1	4 in 1
1	4 in one
1	Price, ease of use, only uses two batteries
1	Price, ease of use, only utilize two batteries
1	Reliable, Good Quality, Cheap Storage
1	Reliable, Good Quality, gaudy Storage
1	Cheap, reliable
1	Cheap, honest
1	priced for value
1	priced for appraise
1	Easy to install software.
1	Easy to install package.
0	No "Take Me Out To The Ballgame."
0	No "return Me Out To The Ballgame."
0	Low resolution, heavy, availability of spare batteries.
0	Low resolution, weighty, availability of spare batteries.
0	absolutely nothing at all!
0	absolutely naught at all!
0	Buttons are too small, the phone sometimes falls out of its holster
0	Buttons are too low, the phone sometimes spill out of its holster
0	Serial port transfers ONLY, 2x digital zoom only in "Good" qual, eats the AAs
0	Serial port transfer ONLY, 2x digital zoom only in "well" qual, eats the AAs
0	none
0	none
1	Relatively easy to get working, USB connection handy.
1	Relatively easy to get functional, USB connection handy.
0	Memory not reliable.  Contacts setup is inefficient, awkward, and unreliable.
0	Memory not honest.  reach setup is inefficient, awkward, and unreliable.
0	Not a long battery life.
0	Not a long battery living.
0	Subject must be absolutely still.  No flash.
0	capable must be absolutely still.  No flash.
1	There are many pros about this camera. This camera takes quality pictures and would be great for any family
1	There are many pros about this camera. This camera drive character pictures and would be great for any mob
1	Great image quality, stylish design, price.
1	Great image lineament, stylish design, price.
0	No Camera, Girly Design, Ok Reception
0	no Camera, Girly Design, Ok Reception
0	Only 1200 x 1200. Have to switch ink cartridges.
0	Only 1200 x 1200. Have to replacement ink cartridges.
0	Black Ink Cartridge does  not last long
0	pitch-dark Ink Cartridge does  not last long
0	HAD TO BE FIXED
0	HAD TO BE set
1	Super compact, lightweight, fun party camera
1	Super contract, lightweight, fun party camera
0	Icon displays are too bunched up together,bad leather case design, and limited phone customization.
0	image presentation are too bunched up together,bad leather shell design, and limited phone customization.
0	expensive toner cartridges
0	expensive toner magazine
0	Pricey
0	pricy
0	Muffled tones (may be just mine), no proven track record.
0	Muffled modulate (may be just mine), no test track record.
0	software does not let you resize pictures easily.
0	software does not countenance you resize pictures easily.
0	A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
0	A act bulky.  I really can't retrieve of much else!
0	hard on batteries
0	unvoiced on batteries
1	Amazing picture quality, very easy to use
1	Amazing picture quality, very easy to usage
1	Very Easy to use 
1	Very Easy to usage 
0	I needed customer support
0	I needed customer abide
1	Resolution, Price, Size
1	answer, Price, Size
1	Great battery life, nice look, durable, and nice looking color LCD.
1	Great battery aliveness, nice look, durable, and nice wait color LCD.
1	Portability can't be beat
1	Portability can't be outsmart
1	TV cable, big LCD, 
1	TV cable, vauntingly LCD, 
0	The wheels get stuck sometimes when you try to fold it up.
0	The wheels perplex stuck sometimes when you judge to fold it up.
1	None that come close to redeeming the cons
1	None that come close to redeeming the flimflam
1	Sturdy, holds a good signal, ringtones are loud.
1	Sturdy, handle a good signal, ringtones are loud.
1	Great lens, excellant quality
1	bully lens, excellant quality
1	Wonderful stroller, easy to use, easy to steer and lasts for the long haul
1	Wonderful stroller, easy to usance, easy to steer and lasts for the hanker haul
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
1	bingle charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  dependable keypad.
1	Cheap, Basic, OK Starter Phone
1	Cheap, Basic, OK dispatcher Phone
1	Sleek Design, Metal case, Clear sound quality, World traveler.
1	Sleek Design, Metal case, Clear sound quality, globe traveler.
1	My Disgust
1	My repel
0	only available with one network, buttons on side can change settings accidently
0	only available with single network, buttons on incline can change settings accidently
1	Very easy to set up, good quality
1	Very easy to pose up, good quality
0	Flash use is annoying... delays actual picture taking.
0	newsbreak use is annoying... delays actual picture taking.
1	Relatively cheap, fast in both B&amp;amp;W/Color, great color
1	Relatively loud, fast in both B&amp;amp;W/gloss, great color
0	The ringer is not loud enough.  Poor earphone sound quality.
0	The ringer is not tatty enough.  Poor phone sound quality.
0	Cost, battery life.
0	Cost, battery aliveness.
1	Speed, Resolution, size of printer
1	fastness, Resolution, size of printer
0	Large compared to other brand name phones, battery life, expensive.
0	great compared to other brand name phones, battery animation, expensive.
1	Practical
1	hardheaded
1	fast printing, great colors, great printer
1	fast printing, peachy colors, great printer
1	lots of features, lightweight, clear
1	lots of features, lightweight, exculpated
1	Light weight, durable, 1 child and 2 adult cupholders, easy to maneuver.
1	Light angle, durable, 1 child and II adult cupholders, easy to maneuver.
1	35mm Quality, 3x Optical Zoom, True SLR, Plenty of Storage, Auto-Everything
1	35mm lineament, 3x Optical Zoom, True SLR, Plenty of memory, Auto-Everything
0	Might be too much for those wanting a simpler camera
0	Might be too much for those absent a uncomplicated camera
1	great quality,  takes video clips, easy to use,  nice zoom,  works like a HD. 
1	great quality,  strike video clips, easy to use,  dainty zoom,  works like a HD. 
1	Camera is simple to Use; Save Money, High quality photos; instant photos; view pics on TV, PC, or Camera instantly
1	Camera is mere to Use; Save Money, High quality photos; instant exposure; vista pics on TV, microcomputer, or Camera instantly
0	Poor reception, sloppy menu organization, unintuitive.  Prefers poor GSM over excellent TDMA.
0	Poor reception, sloppy menu organization, unintuitive.  opt miserable GSM over excellent TDMA.
0	Placement of numeric keys
0	Placement of numeric distinguish
1	small, light, long battery, direct-connect
1	small, light, long bombardment, direct-connect
1	Small, compact, easy to carry, and a nice looking phone.
1	lowly, compact, easy to carry, and a nice bet phone.
0	boring green backlit, gets warm, no alarm clock
0	boring green backlit, sustain warm, no alarm clock
0	Poor XP compatibility., Crappy Factory Driver., Poor Paper Loading., , 
0	Poor XP compatibility., Crappy Factory Driver., Poor Paper shipment., , 
0	Short battery life, software support, light adjustment
0	Short battery life, software support, Light adjustment
1	Small size, great reception, ergonomic design, loaded with features.
1	pocket-sized size, great reception, ergonomic design, loaded with features.
0	Not for t-shirts of colors
0	Not for t-shirts of color
1	Relatively fast printing 
1	Relatively debauched printing 
1	Good picture quality, long battery life, very easy to use.
1	thoroughly picture quality, long battery life, very easily to use.
0	Uses memory sticks (expensive). Proprietary battery. Insufficient memory, no case or spare battery as standard.
0	use memory sticks (expensive). Proprietary battery. Insufficient memory, no encase or spare bombardment as standard.
1	Compact in size, easy to use, very versatile, wonderful pictures.
1	Compact in size, easy to use, very versatile, tremendous word-painting.
1	Great  customer  service  and  recieption
1	swell  customer  service  and  recieption
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	Low print speed
0	Low print hotfoot
1	easy, small, nice looking phone
1	slow, small, nice looking phone
1	High resolution, take 3 different media cards &amp; has a nice list of shooting modes.
1	high resolution, take 3 different media cards &amp; has a nice lean of buck modes.
0	Spendy accessories (memory, case, battery).  
0	Spendy accessories (memory, cause, battery).  
0	None that I have seen!
0	None that I have assure!
1	camera phone & it was free,
1	camera phone & it was disembarrass,
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu shield
1	Output sizes, print quality, cartridge design, LCD status, overall feel, tech support
1	Output sizes, print quality, cartridge blueprint, LCD status, overall look, tech support
1	Lightweight stroller.  Individually reclining seats.
1	Lightweight stroller.  Individually recumb seats.
0	Prints somewhat slowly, USB cable not included.
0	Prints somewhat easy, USB cable not included.
0	Will need to purchase a cable and eventually black and color ink refills, 
0	Will postulate to purchase a cable and finally black and color ink refills, 
0	No frills, just basics.
0	No furbelow, just basics.
1	smooth ride
1	tranquil ride
1	very nice pictures low price
1	very nice pictures scurvy price
0	Manual not good
0	Manual not dependable
0	Can be too small at times, faceplate and battery cover are cheap
0	stool be too small at times, faceplate and battery cover are meretricious
1	Small size, 2.0 megapixels, and long battery life.
1	Small size, 2.0 megapixels, and long battery liveliness.
0	Boring---not many features, no speakerphone.
0	Boring---not many feature, no speakerphone.
1	Small size with an optical zoom
1	Small sizing with an optical zoom
1	It's a phone, music player, camera and much more all in your pocket.
1	It's a telephone, music musician, camera and much more all in your pocket.
1	Inexpensive, high quality
1	Inexpensive, richly quality
0	Horrible for voice calls - only the most important feature!
0	Horrible for voice vociferation - only the most important feature!
0	Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
0	Overall reliability, cover seems cluttered.
1	Easy to use...
1	well-fixed to use...
1	FABULOUS COLOR
1	FABULOUS coloring
1	V.good print quality
1	V.good publish quality
0	Fat antenna, side buttons beep when anything hits them, spastic vibrate mode.
0	Fat antenna, side buttons claxon when anything hits them, spastic thrill mode.
0	The seat belt, the tiny basket, flimsy seat, high price tag
0	The seat belt, the bantam basket, flimsy arse, high price tag
0	Fair quality photos and noisy
0	clean quality photos and noisy
0	bad repair experience, LEMON, short battery life, lens cap falls off, REDS hot.
0	bad hangout experience, LEMON, scant battery life, lens cap falls off, REDS hot.
1	Price, Weight, Durability and performance
1	Price, weight, Durability and performance
1	Good size, easy operation, good options good battery life.
1	Good size, promiscuous operation, good options good battery life.
0	Battery Life, Lack of Manual Controls, Cost of rechargable battery
0	Battery life, deficiency of Manual Controls, Cost of rechargable battery
0	Size and weight. Not using standard headphone jack.
0	Size and weight. Not employ standard headphone jack.
1	Packed with features (esp. for the price), nice display, compact, reasonable price on options.
1	Packed with sport (clairvoyance. for the price), nice display, compact, reasonable price on options.
1	Large Clear Screen. Can Share Address book with MS Outlook
1	Large crystalise Screen. Can Share accost book with MS Outlook
0	Not your smallest phone, or stylish. Vibrator feature not built in.
0	Not your belittled phone, or stylish. Vibrator have not built in.
1	Solidly built, functional phone, with some nice features.
1	Solidly construct, functional phone, with some nice features.
1	Many great functions with large screen and buttons.
1	Many great functions with vauntingly screen and buttons.
0	Confusing Menus
0	jumble Menus
1	Well-made, easy-to-use controls, batteries last longer
1	Well-made, easy-to-use controls, batteries last prospicient
0	Very bad phone menu, bad options, bad software design.
0	Very unsound phone menu, bad options, bad software design.
0	Ring tones, WAP, LCD screen
0	environ tones, WAP, LCD screen
0	initial price, text print slow, poor text print on plain paper
0	initial price, text print slow, miserable text print on homely paper
0	Ink cartridges smaller, but still pricey. Slightly flimsy.
0	Ink cartridges smaller, but inactive pricey. Slightly flimsy.
1	economical, easy to use and lightweight
1	economical, light to use and lightweight
1	Affordable
1	affordable
1	rechargeable batteries, LCD with picture playback
1	rechargeable batteries, LCD with movie playback
0	not the best quality
0	not the adept quality
0	This camera can't record movies
0	This camera can't show movies
1	Simple to use some good features
1	Simple to use some expert features
0	static/ roaming when in home area
0	static/ vagabond when in home area
0	Wireless web has been unreliable of late
0	radiocommunication web has been unreliable of late
0	On the large side of current phones.
0	On the large face of current phones.
1	Price (down to $99 now!) and convenience
1	Price (down to $99 now!) and widget
0	No USB No lens cap strap No second eye for neck strap LCD poor in sunlite
0	No USB nobelium lense crest strap No second eye for neck strap LCD poor in sunlite
0	The problem with the 3390 is sometimes there is static which disrupts the conversation.
0	The problem with the 3390 is sometimes there is unchanging which disrupt the conversation.
0	Expensive, hidden costs, no touch screen, awkward navigation
0	Expensive, hidden costs, no mite screen, awkward navigation
0	No Bluetooth (and hey, we can work around that).
0	No Bluetooth (and hey, we can go around that).
1	quiet, quality, efficient
1	tranquillise, quality, efficient
0	scanning software
0	scanning package
0	large size, unable to download
0	large sizing, unable to download
0	you'll still need a travel stroller; addtn'l bases only avail. by mail
0	you'll still want a travel pusher; addtn'l bases only avail. by mail
0	Insane number of features, pretty intense battery usage
0	Insane number of boast, pretty intense battery usage
1	speed, quality
1	velocity, quality
1	ease of use
1	ease of practice
0	Serial Cable has slow transfer speeds
0	Serial Cable has slow carry-over speeds
0	Manual is sorely lacking of details
0	Manual is sorely lacking of detail
1	Easy, cheap (at first), reliable
1	Easy, garish (at first), reliable
1	lot's of fancy features (that most people don't need)
1	lot's of fancy have (that most people don't need)
0	A LITTLE BULKY
0	amp LITTLE BULKY
0	Slow, EXPENSIVE ink
0	slow, EXPENSIVE ink
1	Budget digi cam with good quality for it's resolution 
1	Budget digi cam with good quality for it's result 
0	you must learn how to use it
0	you must memorise how to use it
0	Bad reception, battery slides off too easily, doesn't always ring
0	defective reception, battery glide off too easily, doesn't always ring
0	battery consuming, no case
0	battery consuming, no shell
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	Only include charger, Vibrate is weak,
1	It was cheap
1	It was tinny
0	Low Battery Life, Long Charge Time
0	Low Battery Life, long Charge Time
1	It's A Professional Printer, You Can Print Photo Quality, It Has So Many Features
1	It's A Professional Printer, You behind Print Photo Quality, It suffer So Many Features
1	Good reception
1	just reception
0	Can't find rechargable batteries now; not truly manual adjustment
0	Can't find rechargable batteries now; not truly manual adaptation
0	expensive cartigages
0	expensive cartigages
0	doesn't get have good singal strenght.
0	doesn't obtain have good singal strenght.
1	Convenient,having the car seat and stroller in one
1	Convenient,having the car seat and stroller in single
1	semi-small size, great sound quality, 4 different usage options
1	semi-small size, great sound quality, iv different usage options
0	slow high-res prints, expensive cartridges
0	deadening high-res prints, expensive cartridges
1	Economically Priced
1	economically Priced
1	Great SLR features &amp; unparalelled zoom
1	Great SLR features &amp; unparalelled soar
0	Not a laser printer
0	not a laser printer
0	pictures are iffy at best, not high-tech
0	characterisation are iffy at best, not high-tech
1	great pictures, easy to use, good quality, great value
1	great pictures, comfortable to use, good quality, great value
1	UNIQUE DESIGN, NICE COLORS, GOOD VOLUME
1	UNIQUE DESIGN, NICE COLORS, honorable VOLUME
1	OK Printer for student/1st time user 
1	hunky-dory Printer for student/1st time user 
1	handles 11x17 paper
1	wield 11x17 paper
1	Bright clear display, loads of features, memory card
1	smart clear display, loads of features, memory card
1	Big, cheap storage. Great exposure options. Smart battery. Great photos.
1	Big, cheap storehouse. Great exposure options. smart battery. Great photos.
0	Ink costs a lot
0	Ink costs a wad
0	short battery life and red eye 
0	short battery life and crimson eye 
0	Inordinate long period of time for the camera to save a picture.
0	Inordinate long point of time for the camera to save a icon.
0	none
0	none
1	Long battery life
1	Long barrage life
1	Fast Printing, High Quality Borderless Photo Prints &amp; Mac OS X Compatible
1	Fast Printing, High select Borderless Photo Prints &amp; Mac OS XTC Compatible
1	The box can be used to store other stuff.
1	The box can be used to memory other stuff.
0	small, battery, scratches
0	small, battery, scrape
1	fast, quiet, IR, great quality
1	fast, muted, IR, great quality
1	Sleek design, light weight, affordable, belt clip included, skins included
1	Sleek design, lightsome weight, affordable, belt clip included, pelt included
1	Nice features set, nice looking Pictures
1	Nice features readiness, nice looking Pictures
1	Started off nice
1	commence off nice
1	Classy camera for a decent price.
1	Classy camera for a decent Price.
1	Reliable, Great Pictures, Easy to Use, Speed is Fast, Great SIZE (Very Small)
1	Reliable, Great Pictures, tardily to utilise, Speed is Fast, Great SIZE (Very Small)
0	Too Quiet, Worst Ringtones Possible, Faceplates Expensive, Hard to Use (At First)
0	Too smooth, Worst Ringtones Possible, Faceplates Expensive, Hard to Use (At beginning)
0	A little noisy at start up
0	A piffling noisy at start up
0	Antenna, Small Buttons
0	Antenna, Small clit
1	Menus are Easy to use
1	Menus are Easy to employment
1	Compact, Light weight, ease of use
1	covenant, Light weight, ease of use
1	NOTHING!!!
1	nada!!!
1	JAVA, Battery Life, Voice notes, Speaker phone, quick charge time
1	JAVA, Battery Life, voice notes, Speaker phone, quick burden time
0	I couldn't set up the fax machine with a calling card.  No USB cable included.
0	one couldn't typeset up the fax machine with a hollo card.  No USB cable included.
0	11X17 is rear loading so must be accessable
0	11X17 is rear payload so must be accessable
1	Image quality, dual memory cards, pro features
1	fancy quality, dual memory cards, pro features
0	A little pricey though.
0	A small pricey though.
0	A few minor glitches
0	A few minor glitch
0	Disconnects many times
0	gulf many times
0	Keys could be bigger, ringer volume is way too low
0	Keys could be bigger, ringer volume is path too broken
1	Great picture quality, large disk, easy to use, optical viewfinder, and the tv cable.
1	Great figure quality, large disk, easy to use, opthalmic viewfinder, and the tv cable.
1	Quiet, paper lays flat, nice big ink tanks, fast. 
1	Quiet, paper lays savourless, nice big ink tanks, fast. 
1	voice recognition,size,clarity,large display,large phone-book capacity,recessed on/off button,easy to store numbers,32 different rings,lightweight
1	vocalism recognition,size,clarity,large show,tumid phone-book capacity,recessed on/off button,easy to store numbers,32 dissimilar rings,lightweight
0	None
0	none
0	Large, heavy, wheels squeak
0	Large, heavy, wheels screech
0	Bulky and battery life isn't very high. Menu options are a bit clumsy.
0	Bulky and battery life isn't very high. Menu options are a moment incompetent.
1	Affordable Versitile Connects when I need it and Works Great for Buisnesses
1	Affordable Versitile Connects when I need it and lick neat for Buisnesses
1	mega pixel mega pixel!!!
1	mega pixel mega pel!!!
1	Speed, quality and print longevity is fantastic
1	Speed, quality and print longevity is antic
0	Printer causing BSOD with Win98!
0	printer causing BSOD with Win98!
0	not so quite cheaply,
0	not so quite chintzily,
0	Ink smears,  small ink cartridges, takes up more desk space.
0	Ink slur,  small ink cartridges, take up more desk space.
1	price, small size, easy to use, easy to download. 
1	price, small size, easy to consumption, easy to download. 
1	stylish, convenient to carry, large display, lots of features, sturdy build
1	stylish, convenient to carry, large display, lot of features, sturdy physique
0	A little noisy.
0	A lilliputian noisy.
0	Battery life, MSRP is too high, Camera performance indoors
0	Battery life, MSRP is too high, Camera functioning indoors
0	No wireless web or voice dialing
0	No wireless web or vocalise dialing
1	Price, Features, Zoom, Standard memory card
1	Price, Features, whizz, Standard memory card
0	paper jams
0	paper crush
1	Tri-band, lots of features, direct sync with MS Outlook, WAP, SMS enabled.
1	Tri-band, gobs of features, direct sync with SM Outlook, WAP, SMS enabled.
1	Phone has excellent reception and good features for the price
1	Phone has excellent reception and honorable have for the price
1	Great price. Easy to use, and pictures are great for a camera for its class.
1	Great price. easily to apply, and image are great for a camera for its class.
1	small and compact
1	small and press
0	packaged with 8MB MemoryStick and no carrying case!
0	packaged with 8MB MemoryStick and no carrying suit!
1	Small, lightweight, thin, good reception, solid construction, free with plan!
1	Small, lightweight, tenuous, good reception, solid construction, absolve with plan!
0	Not one!
0	Not unmatched!
0	A little heavy.
0	ampere little heavy.
1	Almost everything
1	near everything
0	Doesn't handle Windows 2000 OS, Slower scanning and printing than other products, Freezes WIN 98 op system, EXPENSIVE!!  Print Cartridges a bit spendy!!
0	Doesn't wield Windows 2000 OS, tiresome scanning and printing than other products, Freezes winnings 98 op system, EXPENSIVE!!  Print Cartridges a sting spendy!!
0	batteries are expensive
0	battery are expensive
0	viewing screen dims sometimes
0	viewing riddle dims sometimes
1	Easy of use and quality
1	soft of use and quality
0	No zoom during movie mode; many CF cards not compatible with movie mode
0	No zoom during movie mode; many CF carte not compatible with movie manner
1	A great phone.Easy to use and has a lot of options. Very clear.
1	axerophthol great phone.Easy to use and has a lot of options. Very crystallise.
1	Fast and good print quality. Good paper handling.
1	Fast and good print quality. upright paper handling.
1	lots of features for a small price,&#13;&#10;good size,
1	lots of features for a small price,&#13;&#tenner;effective size,
1	The IS-22 Scanner Attachment is great
1	The IS-22 Scanner fastening is great
0	No flash
0	No garish
1	size, ergonomics, earpiece sound quality, phone book layout
1	size, ergonomics, earpiece sound calibre, phone book layout
0	Reception, not the "latest" model, some users may find mature interface daunting
0	Reception, not the "latest" model, some users may breakthrough fledged interface daunting
0	Battery life after 6 months, lacks some features available today
0	Battery life after sestet months, lacks some characteristic available today
0	Sucks down batteries, no manual focus
0	sucking down batteries, no manual focus
0	ink cartridges are expensive
0	ink pickup are expensive
1	Beautiful Images, Ease of Use, Software
1	Beautiful Images, Ease of use, Software
1	Nice screen. Small size.
1	Nice screen. belittled size.
0	HORRIBLE indoor, parking structure, mall performance. JAVA crashes frequently causing menu's to seaze.
0	HORRIBLE indoor, parking structure, mall performance. JAVA wreck frequently induce menu's to seaze.
0	If I had a modem for it, I could get rid of my regular phone.
0	If unity had a modem for it, iodine could perplex rid of my regular phone.
0	ALL depends on what software you are using
0	completely depends on what software you are using
1	Can be used with infant seat, accommodate footboard passenger, and much, much more!
1	Can be used with infant posterior, accommodate footboard passenger, and much, often more!
1	Good battery life, nice size, good reception
1	Good battery life, dainty size, good reception
1	Good quality printing, easy to use
1	soundly quality printing, easy to use
1	Fast. Photo quality. Looks cool, too.
1	Fast. Photo quality. flavour cool, too.
1	Price
1	cost
0	User interface
0	exploiter interface
0	Plain appearance when closed
0	plainly appearance when closed
0	display small for web browsing
0	display pocket-sized for web browsing
1	Cheap, Cheap, Cheap
1	Cheap, Cheap, flashy
1	Light, durable, lots of options.
1	calorie-free, durable, lots of options.
1	no shutter lag, fast autofocus, 5 megapixels, tons of features
1	no shutter lag, fast autofocus, v megapixels, tons of feature
1	Nice Keyboard, good display loads of features
1	prissy Keyboard, good display loads of features
1	Price, reception and call quality, simple phone, candy bar.
1	Price, reception and call lineament, simple phone, candy bar.
0	none
0	none
1	Solid, sounds good, good reception, reasonable feature set, Bluetooth
1	Solid, sounds good, skillful reception, reasonable feature set, Bluetooth
1	An all in one solution for the home or office. 
1	AN all in unmatched solution for the home or office. 
0	It sucks batteries, and my cord is not working.
0	It wet-nurse batteries, and my cord is not working.
0	battery life, games, dual mode, menu structure, keypad, no side volume controls.
0	battery life, games, dual mode, menu structure, keypad, no slope volume hold.
1	Easy to use, cheap
1	Easy to use, gaudy
0	Still pricey at about $170, not the smallest phone
0	Still pricey at about $170, not the small-scale phone
1	compact, easy to use, good feature set
1	compact, easy to use, good feature plant
0	Bad Reception, Horrible Battery Life, Often Defective
0	high-risk Reception, Horrible Battery Life, Often Defective
1	Ease of use, good quality printing
1	Ease of utilization, good quality printing
1	everything!!
1	everything!!
0	none i have encountered
0	none i have bump
0	Worst phone ever made. Trash, don't waste your money on them.
0	Worst phone ever score. Trash, don't ravage your money on them.
0	Batteries do not last at all in this camera.
0	Batteries do not last-place at all in this camera.
0	vibrate, voice name dialing
0	vibrate, voice mention dialing
0	Cluttered interface, Bigger than the Canon S110
0	Cluttered interface, liberal than the Canon S110
0	The ink is very expensive!
0	The ink is very expensive!
1	Sharp, vivid and accurate photos. A full featured camera that can do it all.
1	shrewd, vivid and accurate photos. A full feature camera that can do it all.
1	High-quality, full motion MPEG recording, multiple photo pixel selections, super-strong rechargeable battery
1	High-quality, good motion MPEG recording, multiple photo pixel selections, super-strong rechargeable bombardment
0	HEAVY ink user, no cable, expensive to operate
0	overweight ink user, no cable, expensive to operate
0	VERY HIGH SERVICE COSTS, Battery life, lack of sunshade on backlighted viewer 
0	VERY highschool SERVICE COSTS, Battery life, lack of sunshade on backlighted spectator 
1	blackest blacks - deepest true colors, non smearing/fading ink, does not clog or dry up, fast printer, outstanding image quality
1	blackest blacken - deepest confessedly colour, non smearing/fading ink, does not clog or dry up, quick printer, outstanding image quality
0	Slow to start, uses much ink
0	retard to start, uses much ink
0	It does not cook my breakfast!
0	IT does not cook my breakfast!
0	Stupid lens cap and no battery life indicator until batteries are LOW.
0	Stupid lens cap and no battery life indicator until bombardment are broken.
1	Wide view screen easy transfer 
1	Wide view screen slowly transfer 
1	Battery life, sound quality, ease of use
1	Battery life, sound quality, comfort of use
1	Compact, lightweight, decent battery life, uses CF cards, good macro, easy to use.
1	Compact, lightweight, decent battery life, utilize CF scorecard, good macro, easy to use.
0	Bad print quality, jams, poor service
0	Bad print character, jams, poor service
1	Relatively inexpensive compared to other 3MP digital cameras
1	Relatively inexpensive compare to other 3MP digital cameras
1	Quiet while in standby mode, Economical on toner
1	muted while in standby mode, Economical on toner
0	Speakerphone is not a great quality
0	Speakerphone is not a slap-up quality
0	print quality; paper jams; ink smears; paper feeds too much
0	print quality; paper pack; ink smears; paper eat too much
0	Short battery life, only 2x digital zoom, expensive batteries
0	Short battery biography, only 2x digital zoom, expensive batteries
1	Tough case and stable signals.
1	goon case and stable signals.
0	Initial Cost
0	Initial cost
0	Can't think of any.
0	Can't recall of any.
1	GOOD ECONOMICAL PRINTER FOR SMALL OFFICE OR HOME
1	GOOD ECONOMICAL PRINTER FOR SMALL OFFICE OR plate
0	not the most modern looking phone, no color screen, average battery life
0	not the most forward-looking looking phone, no discolour screen, average battery life
0	Frequent ink cartridge replacement, messy prints, and frequent problems
0	Frequent ink cartridge replacement, messy prints, and patronize problems
0	No included AC adapter, the whole "doesn't freakin' work" thing is a big con too.
0	No included AC adapter, the unharmed "doesn't freakin' work" thing is a giving sting too.
0	Size
0	sizing
1	Excellent quality photos, convenient mini-cdrw storage, equipped with useful options, highly recommended!!!
1	Excellent quality photos, convenient mini-cdrw entrepot, weaponed with useful options, highly recommended!!!
1	Listed in review
1	heel in review
1	price and quality of pictures
1	Price and quality of pictures
1	Durable, sleek
1	long-lasting, sleek
0	heavy, too big
0	heavy, too braggy
1	Compact, loaded with features, displays are easy to customize
1	bundle, loaded with features, displays are easy to customize
0	Poor Interface. Unacceptable Locking Issue.
0	hapless Interface. Unacceptable Locking Issue.
0	Slow yet below average picture printing
0	retard yet below average picture printing
0	No zoom, rough on batteries.
0	No zoom, rough on bombardment.
1	Great sound, comfy keys & fit, can download graphics and tones, easy use, external display.
1	Great phone, comfy winder & fit, can download graphics and tones, easy use, external display.
0	8mb Memory Stick isn't enough. Wish the LCD was bigger.
0	8mb Memory spliff isn't enough. Wish the LCD was self-aggrandising.
0	Cheap Feel, Battery Life
0	tacky Feel, Battery Life
1	Compact, LOTS of features, good sized screen, Good Clarity. Voice Activated
1	Compact, Lot of features, good sized filmdom, Good Clarity. Voice Activated
1	Low price; fast print speeds; excellent text print quality.
1	Low price; tight print speeds; excellent text print quality.
0	Paper doesn't readily flow through and the ink clogs up at times.
0	Paper doesn't readily catamenia through and the ink clogs up at sentence.
1	Cheap
1	flash
1	Good size, zoom, remote, timer, comfortable neck strap
1	Good size, whizz, remote, timer, comfortable neck strap
1	Flip phone is compact.
1	Flip phone is succinct.
1	Twist LCD screen ,IBM MicroDrive support, Flash Hot-shoe, Battery life, Multiple manual and automatic modes
1	rick LCD covert ,IBM MicroDrive support, trashy Hot-shoe, Battery life, Multiple manual and automatic modes
0	none
0	none
0	No zoom, need to buy larger memory stick
0	No zoom, need to buy larger memory stupefy
0	I still can't shave with it on trips.
0	I still can't shave with it on misstep.
0	Low res for camera and recorder, sensative keys, low speakerphone volume.
0	blue res for camera and recorder, sensative distinguish, low speakerphone volume.
0	none
0	none
1	great for kids and small printer jobs
1	great for kids and small printer line
0	close shot not easy to get a good one
0	close shot not well-fixed to get a good one
1	Great all in one package for a starter digital camera.
1	Great all in single packet for a starter digital camera.
0	poor speaker phone and clunky
0	poor loudspeaker phone and clunky
0	Price, Also having to initialize each CD and Then Finalize before removing.
0	Price, likewise having to initialize each CD and Then Finalize before absent.
1	fun and easy
1	fun and well-heeled
1	Durable, easy to use, quality pics, compact flash memory
1	Durable, easy to utilize, quality pics, compact flash memory
0	cannot download rings or logos, no vibrate, no clock, inaccurate gauges, convuluted menus.
0	cannot download band or logos, no tickle, no clock, inaccurate gauges, convuluted menus.
0	Read my review, but the keypad is a big con for me.
0	Read my review, but the keypad is a great convict for me.
0	Slow, Design Fault with flash overexposing - I'm on my second repair.
0	Slow, Design Fault with newsflash overexposing - I'm on my second resort.
1	good photos, nice size, interesting scene mode, great quick view.
1	good pic, nice size, interesting scene mode, great quick panorama.
0	Worked 5 minutes then after 4 months of no working printer HP gave partial refund
0	operate pentad minutes then after 4 months of no operate printer HP gave partial refund
1	Size, quality, sound
1	Size, quality, voice
0	slow to start printing, small paper tray
0	ho-hum to start printing, small paper tray
1	Great quality pictures, size, battery life
1	Great quality video, size, battery life
0	Can you say &amp;quot;Paper Jams&amp;quot; 
0	canful you say &amp;quot;Paper Jams&amp;quot; 
1	Battery, Sound quality, Features, Screen
1	Battery, effectual quality, Features, Screen
0	Games suck.
0	gage suck.
0	Not great action shots
0	Not great action guesswork
0	Very messy; Ink depleets even when cartridge isn't used; never found compatible generic cartridge.
0	Very mussy; Ink depleets even when cartridge isn't exploited; never found compatible generic cartridge.
0	No MP3 player, no WiFi, no expandable memory, camera, choppy MPEG4 video, mediocre talk time.
0	No MP3 player, no WiFi, no expandable memory, camera, choppy MPEG4 video, second-rate sing meter.
1	Good speed, good quality printer
1	skilful speed, good quality printer
0	Lacks Features
0	want Features
0	Expensive, large, heavy, to long to boot-up, manual lens cap, doesn't take snap shots
0	Expensive, large, heavily, to long to boot-up, manual lens cap, doesn't take snap scene
1	Durable. Lots of storage. Gets the job done.
1	Durable. Lots of storage. Gets the business done.
0	Only 8MB CF card included; No USB
0	Only 8MB CF placard included; No USB
0	Photo printing
0	photograph printing
0	VERY low resolution.  Will not take good enough pics for eBay or email
0	VERY blue resolution.  Will not take effective enough pics for eBay or email
0	bad holster, software
0	badly holster, software
1	Amazing camera, very durable, easy to use.
1	Amazing camera, very durable, easy to expend.
0	Display unfavorable message when using non-Sony CD's.
0	presentation unfavorable message when using non-Sony CD's.
0	Earpiece volume.  Stubby antenna.  Grayscale display.  Not many additional features.
0	phone volume.  Stubby antenna.  Grayscale display.  Not many additional sport.
0	Batteries are expensive, you have to buy the AC adapter for $150 if you want one
0	Batteries are expensive, you have to steal the actinium adapter for $150 if you want I
0	Picture quality still lacks crispness
0	Picture quality soundless lacks crispness
1	Great beginner camera, easy to use features, price!
1	Great beginner camera, well-to-do to use features, price!
0	print speed cost of replacement cartridges
0	print speed cost of substitution cartridges
1	Color display, compact, wireless web enabled, user friendly
1	Color display, covenant, wireless web enabled, user friendly
1	Compact Size, Easy to Carry, 2.1 Mega Pixel
1	Compact Size, Easy to Carry, 2.ace Mega Pixel
1	Nice print quality, quiet and quick
1	Nice print quality, hushed and quick
0	Home Power outlet may be inadequate. See HP specification. 
0	Home Power outlet may be unequal. See HP specification. 
0	Shade canopy, basket access when reclined
0	Shade canopy, basket access when recumb
0	Autofocus has problems in low light, fragile power/lens cover switch
0	Autofocus has problems in lowly light, fragile power/lens extend switch
1	The stroller is a perfect size. Comes with rain cover, reclines, etc.
1	The stroller is a perfect size. descend with rain cross, reclines, etc.
0	No Date/Time Stamp Display, Does Noty display Min talked while still talking
0	No Date/Time seal Display, Does Noty display Min talked while still spill
1	no jams, quality
1	no occlude, quality
1	Easy to use, powerful, cheap for the machine of its class
1	easy to function, powerful, cheap for the machine of its class
0	picture quality at night or very low light is not good.
0	picture quality at night or very low ignite is not proficient.
0	software reliability, price
0	software reliableness, price
0	no optical zoom, slightly bulky, odd battery gauge.
0	no visual zoom, slightly bulky, odd battery gauge.
0	Has issues with Microsoft Word 2000 files with embedded images
0	make subject with Microsoft Word 2000 files with embedded images
1	Small, yet very sturdy; Great feel to the buttons; awesome voice dialing
1	lowly, yet very sturdy; outstanding feel to the buttons; awesome voice dialing
0	rather dark optics, a bit slow&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	rather dark optics, a second tiresome&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	size:width, screen not protected, battery life, difficult joystick
0	size:width, shield not protected, battery life, difficult joystick
1	Lightweight, strong reception, clarity, compact, easy to see display
1	Lightweight, strong reception, clarity, compress, easy to see display
1	Great camera, easy to use, great price if you can find one
1	bang-up camera, easy to use, great price if you can find single
1	excellent design, lots of features
1	excellent design, portion of features
1	Small size, good looking
1	Small size, good count
1	Good looks, Very light.
1	right looks, Very light.
1	VERIFIABLE upgraded features; ring tone record, 2nd ring speaker
1	VERIFIABLE promote features; ring tone record, 2nd ring speaker
1	Reliable, easy, floppy is ultimate in convenience.
1	Reliable, promiscuous, floppy is ultimate in convenience.
0	Paper Tray
0	composition Tray
1	Camera
1	camera
0	A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
0	A bit bulky.  iodine really can't cogitate of much else!
1	Faster Than Average Printing, Easy To Use &amp; It's An HP!
1	Faster Than Average Printing, well-situated To usance &amp; It's An HP!
0	Cheap keypad, faulty keys, poor configuration
0	garish keypad, faulty keys, poor configuration
1	Olympus optics, zoom lens, TV connector
1	Olympus optics, zoom lens, video connector
1	Sleek, thin, USB connectivity, nice screen, good speakerphone
1	silky, thin, USB connectivity, nice screen, good speakerphone
1	Light weight, great sound quality, awesome battery life
1	Light weight, great wakeless quality, awesome battery life
0	none
0	none
0	color ink is pricey, but cost per page is ok
0	colouration ink is pricey, but cost per page is OK
1	Affordable, quality build, brand name, USB/PPort options, good print quality, CHEAP
1	Affordable, quality bod, brand name, USB/PPort options, good print quality, inexpensive
1	Tri band, cheap, good size
1	Tri band, tinny, good size
0	Phone service nonexistent in my area; horrendous customer service.
0	Phone service nonexistent in my orbit; horrendous customer service.
0	Bulky, Crappier Than The 8100
0	bulky, Crappier Than The 8100
0	Haven't found any yet!
0	Haven't receive any yet!
1	good value, nice price, works good, 
1	upright value, nice price, works good, 
1	Easy to use!!!!!!!!
1	Easy to enjoyment!!!!!!!!
0	No games included, Not bluetooth compatible.
0	No games admit, Not bluetooth compatible.
1	cost,image resolution/quality, software bundle
1	cost,image result/quality, software bundle
1	Compact size, excellent images, excellent macro focus
1	Compact size, excellent images, excellent macro concentrate
1	The features are cool I guess.
1	The features are cool i guess.
0	Shutter Lag
0	Shutter stave
0	if i need to pick something - size
0	if i need to plectron something - size
1	Compact size, Black in color, AA batteries, Comes with slow charger and extra batteries (1700mAh)
1	Compact size, Negro in color, AA batteries, descend with obtuse charger and extra batteries (1700mAh)
0	Compact Flash card could be larger.
0	Compact tatty card could be larger.
0	Will not meet needs for someone who does a lot of printing
0	Will not meet needs for somebody who does a flock of printing
1	great images, decent price, will use Nikon glass
1	great images, decent price, will employment Nikon glass
1	sound, movie, 3.34 megapixels, manual over ride, small, lightweight and easy to handle.
1	sound, movie, deuce-ace.34 megapixels, manual over rally, small, lightweight and easy to handle.
0	Harder to find than newer flip-phone models
0	Harder to find than newer flip-phone simulate
1	Great reception
1	slap-up reception
1	Good Quality Print
1	Good Quality publish
1	Ultra cool, good resolution, excellent image quality, highly portable, uses AAA batteries
1	Ultra cool, good resolution, excellent image lineament, highly portable, America AAA batteries
0	not durable
0	not lasting
0	holster, speaker not loud enough, slow processor, lousy manual
0	holster, speaker not cheap enough, slow processor, lousy manual
1	Blazingly fast autofocus, excellent metering, and a very very sharp lens.
1	Blazingly quick autofocus, excellent metering, and a very very acuate lens.
1	Small, Nice Color Screen, Looks Cool.
1	Small, Nice Color Screen, flavor Cool.
1	sturdy, great picture quality
1	sturdy, great word-painting quality
1	high quality, easy to use, fast and portable, takes great pictures; tons of fun!
1	high prime, prosperous to use, fast and portable, takes great pictures; tons of fun!
0	SHORT Battery Life, Terrible Pictures in Low Light
0	SHORT Battery Life, Terrible Pictures in lowly Light
1	Good print quality and speed for home use.
1	adept print quality and speed for home use.
0	somewhat expensive, minutes add up
0	somewhat expensive, proceedings add up
0	Poor photo &amp; plain paper text quality, high cost-per-page (a consistent problem with lexmarks).
0	Poor photograph &amp; manifest paper text quality, high cost-per-page (a consistent problem with lexmarks).
0	Won't work well with Avantgo, lower-res Palm screen (160x160)
0	Won't work well with Avantgo, lower-res Palm sieve (160x160)
1	Easy to learn and use
1	tardily to learn and use
0	LCD screen not as sharp as it could be.
0	LCD screen not as abrupt as it could be.
1	good picture quality, easy to use, works well with iPhoto on macs, uses SD media
1	good depict quality, well-to-do to use, works well with iPhoto on macs, utilization SD media
0	BIG for an inkjet, copier/fax/scanner feeder jams
0	boastfully for an inkjet, copier/fax/scanner feeder jams
1	long battery,loud and clear.
1	long battery,flashy and clear.
0	Battery life is SHORTer than your pinky. Volume on custom rings is poor.
0	Battery liveliness is little than your pinky. Volume on custom rings is poor.
1	Great Quality Pictures, Mini Movie Feature
1	swell Quality Pictures, Mini Movie Feature
1	Small, inexpensive, has flash, good picture quality for under $100.
1	Small, inexpensive, has shoot, good see quality for under $100.
1	Good digital pictures that are easy to download through a USB connection.
1	practiced digital ikon that are easy to download through a USB connection.
1	Great resolution, simple to use
1	keen resolution, simple to use
0	Bulky, no outside display, ugly green backlight, no features, bad ringers, cannot download
0	Bulky, no outside display, horrifying green backlight, no features, badness ringers, cannot download
1	Good styling&#13;&#10;changeable faceplates&#13;&#10;AWESOME battery life&#13;&#10;keyguard
1	thoroughly styling&#13;&#10;changeable faceplates&#13;&#10;AWESOME battery aliveness&#13;&#10;keyguard
1	Best Price offered , Long Life battrey  Charge
1	Best Price offered , Long Life battrey  commission
1	clear, the range, the cost, the size
1	clear, the scope, the cost, the size
1	Quick, easy, durable
1	Quick, prosperous, durable
0	pay out of your own pocket for long distance tech support.
0	salary out of your own pocket for long distance tech stand.
1	many well-integrated features, voice dialing, phonebook, email etc
1	many well-integrated features, spokesperson dialing, phonebook, email etc
0	Takes up a lot of space.
0	Takes up a deal of space.
0	Nothing much.
0	nada much.
0	short battery time
0	curtly battery time
0	Only 8MB Memory Stick included, short USB cable.
0	Only 8MB Memory lodge included, short USB cable.
0	As loud as my paper shredder, Dimmed the lights in my room, Slow to print
0	As brassy as my paper shredder, Dimmed the luminance in my room, deadening to print
0	many
0	many
0	very difficult to open
0	very difficult to surface
0	not as ergonomic as it could be
0	not as ergonomic as it could be
1	Cheap, Great Pictures, Very Nice Design
1	Cheap, great Pictures, Very Nice Design
1	Easy to use and quality pictures
1	slowly to use and quality pictures
1	3x/optical zoom, Pentax lens, very good flash, 2 ISO levels, HP support.
1	3x/optical zoom, Pentax lens, very good flash, ii ISO levels, horsepower support.
0	Relatively_long warm-up time. It_needs more memory for graphics. Replacing_the drum unit will hurt (financially).... 
0	Relatively_long warm-up time. It_needs more memory for graphics. Replacing_the swot unit will bruise (financially).... 
0	Poor manual, Night pictures probably, Only 8 Mb memory card included
0	piteous manual, Night pic probably, Only 8 Mb memory card included
1	Small, many functions
1	Small, many officiate
0	The only con is that they did not come out with this phone sooner.
0	The only bunko is that they did not come out with this headphone sooner.
1	Decent amount of pixels at a good price.  LOTS of extras.
1	Decent amount of pixels at a honest price.  distribute of extras.
0	kind of expensive, eats batteries like there is no tomorrow
0	kind of expensive, grub batteries wish there is no tomorrow
1	easy to use ...  not for professionals
1	leisurely to use ...  not for professionals
0	a little slow when working with two sided feature
0	a little dull when working with two sided feature
0	Glass LCD screen (but most Palms seem to have that)
0	deoxyephedrine LCD screen (but most palm seem to have that)
0	None to speak of
0	None to talk of
0	none found yet, had to toss out my good 4 in 1 hp .....
0	none constitute yet, had to chuck out my good 4 in 1 hp .....
0	doesn't come with AC adapter
0	doesn't descend with AC adapter
0	Stops abruptly.
0	point abruptly.
0	Skips a beat which can annoy you.
0	Skips a pulsation which can annoy you.
1	Small, handsome, full function, exceeds basic needs, good value, travels well.
1	Small, big, full function, exceeds basic take, good value, travels well.
1	Sexy and well made. Long long long battery life. Sounds great.
1	Sexy and well made. Long prospicient long battery life. Sounds smashing.
1	Small, compact, easy to use
1	Small, compact, sluttish to use
1	Loud. Clear. Long batt. life. *free*.
1	Loud. Clear. Long batt. lifespan. *free*.
0	One page at a time
0	matchless page at a time
0	long wait for highest quality photo printing
0	long wait for eminent quality photo printing
1	Small. lightweight, great reception, so many features
1	Small. lightweight, great reception, so many sport
1	Very stylish. Easy to operate.Great battery life.
1	Very stylish. slowly to operate.Great battery life.
1	Price vs. Quality is superior!
1	Price quintet. Quality is superior!
0	Could not achieve focus in normal household lighting situations.  Lens is not very sharp.
0	Could not accomplish focus in normal menage lighting situations.  Lens is not very sharp.
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	well if it weren't a stinker... voice activation, display limpidity, ringtone selection
1	Very User Friendly&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact design&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite affordable 2nd hand
1	real User Friendly&ampere;#13;&amp;#10;Compact design&amp;#13;&amp;#10;rather affordable 2nd hand
0	Speed
0	speeding
1	nice quality, good price
1	nice select, good price
0	Ringtones not downloadable, not a camera phone.
0	Ringtones not downloadable, not a camera earpiece.
1	Many features, nice design, easy to use, good sound quality
1	Many features, nice design, slowly to use, ripe sound quality
1	Easy Installation. Love the power cable.
1	wanton Installation. Love the power cable.
0	Can be frustrating at times
0	Can be bilk at times
0	Lacks dedicated mail button, some features are buried,
0	Lacks dedicate mail button, some features are buried,
0	Can't Download Ringers, T9 Word style of entering in info is confusing but optional
0	Can't Download Ringers, T9 Son style of introduce in info is confusing but optional
0	none!
0	none!
0	It squeaks a little after 1 year of walking 1 mile with it almost everyday
0	It squeaks a little after ace year of walking one mile with it almost quotidian
0	cost of accessories, learning curve
0	cost of accessories, learning swerve
0	Jams a lot, fairly costly ink
0	Jams a heap, fairly costly ink
0	No zoom, limited flash range
0	No zoom, limited flash vagabond
1	lightweight, does not take up a lot of room, inexpensive
1	lightweight, does not subscribe up a allot of room, inexpensive
1	easy to use
1	well-fixed to use
1	Takes Excellent pictures.
1	assume Excellent pictures.
0	Expensive when accessories are added.
0	Expensive when accessories are total.
1	Color screen, outer caller ID display, flash appeal, and quality
1	coloring screen, outer caller ID expose, flash appeal, and quality
0	Low zoom; delay when taking pictures; pricey
0	downhearted zoom; delay when taking pictures; pricey
0	Reviewing more than 100 pictures at a time can be a little slow
0	Reviewing more than 100 fancy at a time can be a piddling slow
1	Big pics crystal clear, kid can use it, very light, long battery life
1	bounteous pics crystal earn, kid can use it, very light, long battery life
1	Small footprint, well-built and rigid body, responsive control, super-low noise CCD, Super-Fine compression mode comparable to TIFF uncompressed images at 1/4 the size.
1	Small footprint, well-built and unbending body, responsive assure, super-low stochasticity CCD, Super-Fine compression mode comparable to TIFF uncompressed epitome at 1/4 the size.
0	Electronic View Finder and LCD don't work well in low light, bundled software isn't great.
0	Electronic View Finder and LCD don't work well in grim clean, bundle software isn't great.
0	Chronic battery issues with this model
0	Chronic bombardment issues with this model
0	money
0	money
0	BAD sound quality (mic), Very slow, not responsive, low quality color screen
0	BAD sound caliber (mic), Very obtuse, not responsive, low quality color screen
1	Color Printer, Scanner, Copier all in one, USB Connector.
1	coloring Printer, Scanner, Copier all in one, USB Connector.
1	zoom lens; stores images on floppies
1	zoom lens; stores look-alike on floppies
1	Small, easy to use, fairly cheap
1	Small, easy to use, fairly tawdry
1	Cost
1	cost
0	sometimes it is slow
0	sometimes it is tiresome
1	Very Low Price, yet has needed features
1	really Low Price, yet has needed features
0	Easy to accidently dial numbers
0	comfortable to accidently dial numbers
0	noisy, 1 yr. limited warranty
0	noisy, 1 yr. restrain warranty
1	Excellent quality printing and never fails.
1	Excellent quality publish and never fails.
1	Low cost, Durable, email and downloadable ring tones.
1	humiliated cost, Durable, email and downloadable ring tones.
0	black cartridge hard to find
0	black cartridge severe to find
1	Optical zoom, macro, hard lens cover, excellent price, long battery life and high quality pics
1	Optical zoom, macro, concentrated lens binding, excellent price, farsighted battery life and high quality pics
1	Uses 2 standard AA Batteries. High quality photos and good zoom.
1	Uses 2 standard AA bombardment. High timber photos and good zoom.
1	Good price, nice quality, easy to use, trusted brand.
1	Good price, nice quality, easy to use, trust brand.
1	Light weight, portable, nice pictures and A+ customer service.
1	lite weight, portable, nice pictures and A+ customer service.
0	Needs frequent headclean cycles
0	Needs shop headclean cycles
1	Easy to setup. Very good scan / print quality. 
1	Easy to setup. Very commodity scan / print quality. 
0	No Ring+Vibrate, Verizon Interface, no true Silent mode, can be slow
0	No Ring+oscillate, Verizon Interface, no true still mode, can be slow
0	Can occasionally take some time to get the printouts.
0	sack occasionally take some time to get the printouts.
0	No recurring alarm, not that well supported in the US (yet), no bluetooth, not cheap
0	No recurring alarm, not that fountainhead endure in the uranium (yet), no bluetooth, not cheap
0	black only
0	opprobrious only
1	A lightweight and friendly camera that makes for snapshot taking and easy use.
1	A jackanapes and friendly camera that makes for snapshot hire and easy use.
1	storage media and accessories
1	storage sensitive and accessories
0	plastic "cheap" keypad, small screen, phone directory
0	plastic "cheap" keypad, small screen, headphone directory
1	Folds up Compactly, Lightweight
1	fold up Compactly, Lightweight
1	A fast, high quality printer
1	A debauched, high quality printer
0	I got what I paid for.
0	I got what I yield for.
1	Inexpensive, easy to install.
1	Inexpensive, easy to instal.
0	Slower than I would like
0	Slower than I would same
1	Color screen, voice dial, external display
1	colorise screen, voice dial, external display
1	easy
1	well-heeled
1	clean copies, good quality color printing, easy to use, reasonable price
1	clean copies, practiced quality distort printing, easy to use, reasonable price
0	I will never use all of the features!!!
0	I will never utilization all of the features!!!
0	Ink Cartridge costs
0	Ink Cartridge price
1	A lot of features for a small price tag.
1	A sight of features for a small price tag.
1	Features, ease of use and computer interface method
1	Features, ease of use and computer port method
1	good picture quality, easy to use, excellent in low light and action
1	expert picture quality, easy to use, fantabulous in low light and action
1	Good close up photography
1	Good secretive up photography
1	excellent print quality on a variety of paper types
1	excellent print quality on a variety of paper typecast
1	Movie can be shot in 3 kinds: B/W, septia and color. 
1	Movie can be photograph in 3 kinds: b/W, septia and color. 
1	low priced
1	humbled priced
0	price,size,materials,
0	price,size,fabric,
1	Reversible handle, canopy, boot feature
1	Reversible handle, canopy, thrill feature
0	Pricey (but worth it!), a bit large for my small hands
0	Pricey (but worth it!), a number large for my minor hands
1	everything
1	everything
1	It was cheap with the rebate
1	It was brassy with the rebate
1	Lots of features, compact design.
1	heap of features, compact design.
0	Half full expensive cartridges
0	Half full expensive cartridge
1	great quality, easy to use
1	great quality, easily to use
1	It is stylish and sleek and internally, it has a color screen!
1	It is stylish and sleek and internally, it has a coloration riddle!
0	Customer leaves a lot to be desired, the thing is huge, a lot of things do not work a lot of the time.
0	Customer leaves a lot to be trust, the thing is huge, a pot of things do not make a sight of the time.
1	Stores pictures on std. floppy, makes copies in the field.
1	storehouse pictures on std. floppy, draw copies in the field.
1	Quality Kodak lens coating; small, light; versatile; great color; sharp images; great close-ups, night-shots.
1	Quality Kodak lens coating; small, light; versatile; great emblazon; sharp figure; great close-ups, night-shots.
0	quality of distant images, no LCD image preview
0	quality of distant images, no LCD persona preview
0	camera can be a power hog
0	camera can be a mogul hog
1	Use frequently, great phone!
1	function frequently, great phone!
0	No real ones
0	No actual ones
0	Bulky, drops calls, camera not good
0	Bulky, omit calls, camera not good
0	Ringers and earpiece can be quiet.
0	Ringers and earpiece can be hushed.
0	none
0	none
0	none
0	none
0	accessories are over priced
0	add-on are over priced
0	lame-o drivers
0	lame-o driver
0	Only comes with 8MB memory, LCD panel does not rotate, lots of lag.
0	only comes with 8MB memory, LCD panel does not rotate, draw of lag.
1	Good ergonomics, sharp macro shots, good flash, easy to use
1	Good ergonomics, incisive macro shooting, good flash, easy to use
0	Battery life, easy to scratch/chip, small/lightweight.
0	Battery life, easy to fret/chip, small/lightweight.
0	That it can sometimes get a little out of control
0	That it can sometimes perplex a little out of ensure
0	None
0	none
0	No flash, small memory, and variable picture quality
0	No meretricious, small memory, and variable picture quality
0	It seem to use up the black ink a little fast.
0	It seem to use up the nigrify ink a piddling fast.
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Excellent near-photo quality printing, dependable
1	Excellent near-photo prize printing, dependable
1	The Cadillac of strollers, can change which way baby faces, great wheels for comfortable ride
1	The Cadillac of strollers, can change which room baby front, majuscule wheels for comfortable ride
0	None
0	none
0	Occasionally Slow; Volume Dosen't Get Very Loud
0	Occasionally Slow; Volume Dosen't draw Very Loud
0	Slower than others, ink flow problems, envelopes jam
0	Slower than others, ink flow problems, envelopes crush
0	Not for images.
0	Not for see.
0	8 mb supplied card is weak! :) Advanced features can seem overwhelming.
0	eighter mb supplied tease is weak! :) Advanced features can seem overwhelming.
1	What can we say.... we think it's pretty cool :)
1	What can we articulate.... we think it's pretty cool :)
1	Multiplicity of modes and features, flexability, DURABILITY!, MOVEABLE LCD-SCREEN!  GREAT PICTURE QUALITY
1	Multiplicity of modes and features, flexability, DURABILITY!, MOVEABLE LCD-SCREEN!  smashing render QUALITY
1	Size, easy folding, price
1	Size, well-situated folding, price
0	A little more difficult to use
0	A little more difficult to expend
1	Easy to use, Software installs easily, Customer service is excellent
1	soft to use, package installs easily, Customer service is excellent
0	It's Broken right out of the factory!!
0	It's develop right out of the factory!!
0	The batteries seem to run down rather quickly in the camera
0	The batteries appear to discharge down rather quickly in the camera
1	Good reception, perfect for a general user. Includes voicemail.
1	Good reception, hone for a general user. Includes voicemail.
0	design a bit old fashion
0	contrive a bit old fashion
0	Ring tones, wallpapers etc.
0	Ring tincture, wallpapers etc.
1	Ease of use; full featured; excellent scanner and speed(see review)
1	Ease of use; wide-cut featured; excellent scanner and speed(date review)
1	Amazing Pictures, Quality, Versatility
1	Amazing figure, Quality, Versatility
1	Size, color quality, Options, Battery.
1	Size, color quality, selection, Battery.
1	Can take Hundreds of Pictures
1	Can strike Hundreds of Pictures
1	Contains three services in one.
1	Contains three avail in one.
0	Pricey; Folded stroller not stable when left standing; Short harness strap
0	Pricey; Folded stroller not stable when unexpended standing; brusk harness strap
1	Ease of use for novice and pro alike
1	Ease of utilisation for novice and pro alike
1	Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
1	Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, slowly to modify, etc.
0	Poor & static filled reception, short battery life
0	Poor & static filled reception, short battery sprightliness
0	Overall design, button layout, sound quality, totally non-intuitive
0	Overall design, button layout, fathom quality, totally non-intuitive
0	Sticks in pockets, hard to open, VGA camera.
0	stick in pockets, hard to open, VGA camera.
0	None so far
0	none so far
0	big size, uses inks fairly fast.
0	big size, uses inks fairly degenerate.
1	SMALL, LIGHT, LONG LIFE
1	SMALL, perch, LONG LIFE
0	Uses up the batteries quickly
0	Uses up the batteries chop-chop
0	Can't charge with desktop charger with cover on...nothing else yet.
0	Can't burden with desktop charger with cover on...nix else yet.
0	Fragile, bad design on the antenna (constantly breaks), and expensive.
0	Fragile, bad design on the aerial (constantly suspension), and expensive.
1	Well built, easy to handle, and takes great photos.
1	Well built, easy to handle, and hire great photos.
0	SOFTWARE
0	software
0	Ink guzzler falls apart after six months.  Large footprint, marginal paper handling skills.
0	Ink guzzler surrender apart after six months.  heavy footprint, marginal paper handling skills.
0	Bit short-lived, the build quality isn't great.
0	morsel short-lived, the build quality isn't great.
0	None
0	none
1	Great Options 
1	dandy Options 
0	Photo color reproduction poor
0	Photo color reproduction short
1	5 megapixels, pro features, triple memory card format compatibility, fast 3X zoom, 
1	cinque megapixels, pro features, triple memory poster format compatibility, fast 3X zoom, 
1	Economical and Versatile, High quality color output with high capacity toner packs! 
1	Economical and Versatile, High quality color output with high capacitance toner clique! 
1	Ease in downloading pics.
1	repose in downloading pics.
0	No radio, no voice memo, just one game included
0	No radio, no voice memo, just I game included
0	User-selected ring volume works only when phone is OPEN!! Wait, there's more!
0	User-selected ring volume make only when phone is unfastened!! Wait, there's more!
0	None
0	none
0	Buttons are very hard to push&#13;&#10;Hard to change casings
0	Buttons are very firmly to push&#13;&#10;Hard to transfer casings
0	too many options/features for the average non-tech person
0	too many options/features for the average non-tech someone
0	Software glitches, photos grainy.
0	software glitches, photos grainy.
0	Poorly stocked supplies, USB only, banding and visible dots on very close inspection.
0	Poorly stocked supplies, USB only, banding and visible dose on very closemouthed inspection.
0	Noone really knows anything about it.
0	Noone really hump anything about it.
1	Excellent  photos and features for the price
1	Excellent  photos and features for the damage
1	Thin
1	thinly
0	Long warm-up period
0	longsighted warm-up period
0	expensive ink, poor quality, no solutions in "Solution Center"
0	expensive ink, poor quality, no solutions in "Solution centerfield"
1	Good price.  Easy setup and good print quality.
1	Good price.  Easy setup and adept print quality.
1	Easy to use, fast printing and copying, excellent print quality.
1	soft to use, degenerate printing and copying, excellent print quality.
0	A Little Hard to Program
0	A Little operose to Program
1	color screen, reliability
1	color screenland, reliability
1	Excellent picture quality, Easy to use control panel - Lots of custom functions
1	Excellent painting quality, Easy to use control panel - luck of custom functions
0	Flash produces red-eye, Included memory stick is inadequate
0	Flash produces red-eye, Included memory adhere is inadequate
0	Heavy on batteries
0	hard on batteries
1	Metal Build, High Fashion Design, Great Reception, Great Audio, Simple Design
1	Metal Build, High Fashion Design, bang-up Reception, Great Audio, Simple plan
1	Camera is very easy to learn and use.
1	Camera is very easy to ascertain and use.
0	but it won't work at all on my system
0	but it won't work at all on my organisation
0	Red eye reduction, daytime outside shots, blurry action photos
0	ruby eye reduction, daytime outside shots, blurry action photos
1	Light-weight, nice-size display, loaded with options
1	Light-weight, nice-size expose, loaded with options
1	Easily concealable, high geek factor, HUGE LCD display, quite user friendly menus
1	Easily concealable, richly oddball factor, HUGE LCD display, quite user friendly menus
1	Nice colors, easy to use software
1	Nice colors, tardily to use software
0	Poor paper hanlding
0	Poor theme hanlding
0	Battery life is not long enough. The camera is really cheesy.
0	Battery life is not retentive enough. The camera is really crummy.
1	Small, inexpensive, multiple use
1	modest, inexpensive, multiple use
0	Speed, quality
0	accelerate, quality
1	Never jams, quite good output with color management software
1	Never jams, quite safe output with color management software
0	Speaker functions poorly at times, Walkie Talkie losses signal.
0	Speaker run poorly at times, Walkie Talkie losses signal.
0	Very fragile, horrible reception, battery life is a joke, LG accessories don't last
0	Very fragile, horrible reception, battery life is a joke, LG accouterment don't finish
1	Excellent reception, great Palm OS PDA, Great convergence of a phone & PDA
1	Excellent reception, neat medallion OS PDA, Great convergence of a phone & PDA
0	Nothing major
0	zippo major
1	price, durability, features
1	price, durability, feature
1	Good price, Good pictures, Nice Size.
1	Good price, Good render, Nice Size.
0	Hands-free receptacle plug just sits in hole, face hitting buttons on screen when talking
0	Hands-free receptacle ballyhoo just sits in hole, face hitting buttons on screen when blab
1	Big CCD, great quality pictures, lots of features.
1	adult CCD, great quality pictures, lots of features.
0	No rechargeable batteries, small memory card, no top LCD
0	No rechargeable batteries, small memory card, no clear LCD
0	cost is still to high
0	cost is quiet to high
1	Very easy to use, even for those of us who are not "technology savvy".
1	Very wanton to practice, even for those of us who are not "technology savvy".
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. data cable hard to observe.
0	Noisy photo feed! Limited Software for Mac OS9 and OSX!
0	Noisy photo feast! Limited Software for mackintosh OS9 and OSX!
1	User friendly, great quality, compact size
1	User friendly, great character, compact size
1	Easy to use, good quality pictures, Cheap storage media
1	Easy to use, good quality pictures, gaudy storage media
0	expensive, brake hard to set
0	expensive, brake hard to fructify
0	No Speakerphone
0	no Speakerphone
1	Very easy to use.
1	Very easy to utilize.
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
0	Not for Alkalines.
0	non for Alkalines.
0	Looks awful on the inside
0	smell awful on the inside
1	user friendly, small, durable with good pictures
1	user friendly, small, durable with right pictures
0	Flip style phone requires 2 hands to answer / dial; limited battery life
0	Flip style phone requires 2 custody to suffice / dial; limited battery life
0	0.31 Megapixel, no macro focus
0	0.31 Megapixel, no macro centre
1	Very good in quality.  
1	Very good in caliber.  
1	Small, easy to use, dependable.
1	modest, easy to use, dependable.
0	Side buttons very easy to press accidentally, causing missed calls.
0	Side buttons very well-situated to contract accidentally, causing missed calls.
0	a little big, but worth it to save onto floppies
0	a little enceinte, but worth it to deliver onto floppies
0	Menu system is a little unclear (you must read the manual, then it is very good)
0	Menu system is a footling ill-defined (you must read the manual, then it is very right)
1	Better reception than a pre-pay, lightweight and good clarity.
1	Better reception than a pre-pay, lightweight and good limpidity.
0	Could use more zoom, outdoor pics sometimes unnatural
0	Could use more zoom, outdoor pic sometimes unnatural
1	pretty colors
1	pretty colourize
0	Camera layout is bad
0	Camera layout is badly
0	poor battery life when using lcd display, serial port interface is slow
0	poor battery spirit when using lcd display, serial port interface is retard
1	Convenient, good price
1	Convenient, ripe price
1	good quality pictures, compact design, digital capabilities, easy photo transfer
1	good quality pictures, compact design, digital capabilities, light photo transferee
1	Fast, quality pictures, great color and ease of use
1	Fast, quality pictures, great colorise and ease of use
0	software
0	package
1	Superior quality, easy to use, compact &amp;amp; light, plenty of extras with the camera and you can buy further lenses/accessories
1	Superior quality, easy to apply, succinct &amp;amp; light, enough of extras with the camera and you can buy further lenses/supplement
0	sound volume
0	heavy volume
1	It twists!!!!!
1	It convolute!!!!!
0	Putting the 4X6 tab in the right way
0	Putting the 4X6 tab in the powerful way
0	no usb out of the box 
0	no usb out of the loge 
0	Battery, Data transfer
0	Battery, Data carry-over
1	Ease of use, additional software, packaged accessories
1	Ease of role, additional software, packaged accessories
0	a little more expensive than some others
0	a picayune more expensive than some others
1	Excellent camera
1	first-class camera
1	Extremely easy to use and a very good price
1	Extremely easy to manipulation and a very good price
0	Reception inside some buildings is difficult.
0	Reception inner some buildings is difficult.
1	Extremely Portable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great image quality to camera size ratio&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	extremely Portable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great image choice to camera size ratio&amp;#13;&ampere;#10;
1	Compact&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	stocky&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to utilisation&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Fast, Easy To Use, Reliable, Energy-efficient
1	riotous, Easy To Use, Reliable, Energy-efficient
1	light weight, easy to use and reasonably priced
1	perch weight, easy to use and reasonably priced
0	overexposes on auto settings, doesn&amp;#146;t ship with rechargeable batteries/charger, slow RAW/TIFF mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	overexposes on automobile settings, doesn&amp;#146;t ship with rechargeable bombardment/charger, sluggish RAW/TIFF mode&amp;#XIII;&amp;#10;
1	Cheap, stunning prints, usb &amp; parallel connections
1	cheesy, stunning prints, usb &amp; parallel connections
0	Cumbersome menu; washed-out LCD; tech support
0	Cumbersome menu; washed-out LCD; tech corroborate
1	cool blue light
1	cool blueness light
0	Eats batteries, small LCD screen, eats batteries, slightly heavy.
0	Eats batteries, small LCD screen, deplete batteries, slightly heavy.
1	Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
1	Better digital signal reception; decent good.
0	short battery life and slightly blurry high quality pictures
0	short battery life and slightly blurry high quality picture
0	The 3120 looks better, but u can put the 3120 face plates on your 3100.
0	The 3120 expect honorable, but uranium can put the 3120 face plates on your 3100.
1	small, easy to use, versatile, features
1	small, easy to use, various, features
0	Pricey must-have accessories
0	Pricey must-have accouterment
1	very sturdy
1	very inflexible
1	Nice, quiet printing
1	Nice, placid printing
1	Affordable
1	low-priced
0	Some echoing when calling other cellular phones
0	Some repeat when calling other cellular phones
1	Features, Ease-of-use, Quality, Instant Feedback
1	sport, Ease-of-use, Quality, Instant Feedback
1	Cheap, still works regardless of my abuses
1	Cheap, tranquilize works regardless of my abuses
0	loves batteries, you need rechargeables, However, The firmware update helps a lot!
0	dearest batteries, you need rechargeables, However, The firmware update serve a lot!
1	Many Many features
1	Many Many characteristic
0	Noise, speed, reliability, durability, paper feed.
0	Noise, velocity, reliability, durability, paper feed.
1	Nice screen, okay reception, very small phone.
1	overnice screen, okay reception, very small phone.
1	Big easy to operate buttons
1	Big easy to maneuver buttons
1	Great image quality, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity!
1	Great fancy quality, capital zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity!
1	Four high-quality functions in one unit.  Excellent quality copies.
1	Four high-quality functions in unmatched unit.  Excellent quality copies.
1	Good Size, Very Functional, Great Features, Easy to Use, Great Battery
1	secure Size, Very Functional, Great Features, Easy to Use, Great barrage
1	silent and quick for a personal use
1	silent and quick for a personal utilisation
1	Easy software. Postscript driver. IR port. Quiet.
1	Easy software. Postscript driver. IR larboard. Quiet.
1	nice looking and that is it!
1	nice depend and that is it!
1	Easy to use with excellent results.
1	easily to use with excellent results.
0	Battery, notification volume control, everything else
0	Battery, notification volume check, everything else
1	Ease of use (when working)
1	simpleness of use (when working)
1	Good features for the price
1	dear features for the price
1	Speed, Quality, Ease of Use, Price
1	Speed, Quality, Ease of role, Price
0	Expansive ink!, only 19ml of black ink, cover plastic\ink holders tends to brake.
0	Expansive ink!, only 19ml of ignominious ink, cover formative\ink holders tends to brake.
0	Photo printing quality was low, driver froze the computer
0	Photo printing quality was down, driver froze the computer
1	Greatly Improved Interface, Looks COol!
1	Greatly better Interface, Looks COol!
0	Supplied memory not enough
0	render memory not enough
0	Antenna design and warranty support
0	Antenna design and warranty confirm
0	occasional smears, grainy graphics, large margins
0	casual smears, grainy graphics, large margins
1	affordable, good FM radio, love the torchlight function.
1	affordable, upright FM radio, love the torchlight function.
0	Hassle getting into and out of trunk
0	Hassle amaze into and out of trunk
0	None
0	none
0	Slow Start-up, sometimes oversaturated colors...
0	Slow Start-up, sometimes oversaturated colourise...
0	cost
0	be
1	Very Small.  Variety of camera settings.  Great color.
1	Very Small.  Variety of camera settings.  bully color.
0	Size rivals remote controls, no touch screen and weird dial pad.
0	Size rivals outside contain, no touch screen and weird dial pad.
0	Doesn't handle faxes and answering machines well.
0	Doesn't wield faxes and answering machines well.
1	Tiny Tiny Tiny. The smallest phone in the world!
1	Tiny Tiny Tiny. The smallest phone in the humanity!
1	nonbad photoprint, low noise level
1	nonbad photoprint, low noise grade
1	Simple; easy to use; built like a tank (but only 14 oz)
1	uncomplicated; well-situated to use; built like a tank (but only 14 oz)
1	Great signal, durable, compact
1	large signal, durable, compact
1	Good prints, cheap, light as a feather
1	honorable prints, cheap, light as a feather
1	Internet Friendly
1	Internet well-disposed
1	Size, size, and Size.  Oh yeah, very easy to use and high quality
1	Size, size, and Size.  Oh yeah, very easy to utilisation and heights quality
1	Ease of use, the menu feature, automatic settings and usb connectivity. 
1	Ease of exercise, the menu feature, robotic settings and usb connectivity. 
1	Speed, Color, Everything
1	swiftness, Color, Everything
1	quality text, cheap
1	tone text, cheap
0	Paper bin only holds 150 sheets, slow printing at best quality, HEAVY (13 lbs., 15 with the 2-sided printer add-on), shakes my stand, no method of preview for the CompactFlash or SmartMedia cards, Windows required to use many of the special features (two-s
0	report bin only make 150 sheets, irksome printing at unspoilt quality, HEAVY (13 lbs., 15 with the 2-sided printer add-on), shakes my fend, no method of preview for the CompactFlash or SmartMedia wag, Windows required to use many of the especial feature (two-s
0	Big.  Only available in yucky dark blue colour.
0	Big.  Only usable in yucky dark blue colour.
1	Dry out of the printer, awesome pictures
1	Dry out of the printer, awesome ikon
0	See review
0	See reexamine
0	Runs out of ink too quickly. The paper does not feed well. 
0	melt out of ink too quickly. The paper does not fee well. 
0	Product failure!
0	production failure!
1	It is small
1	It is minor
1	easy to use, lcd preview/review screen, great pictures
1	easy to use, lcd preview/review screen, majuscule pictures
1	multi functional
1	multi useable
0	Gimme at Least a 16MB CF Card; Firmware Occasionally Buggy
0	Gimme at Least a 16MB CF poster; Firmware Occasionally roadster
0	Only 2.5 Zoom
0	Only 2.quintuplet Zoom
1	New World standard for small size, very cool design, great reception.
1	New World standard for small size, very cool pattern, bully reception.
0	EATS BATTERIES!!! Buy the save cartridge or it only takes 10 pictures!!!
0	EATS BATTERIES!!! Buy the keep cartridge or it only film 10 pictures!!!
1	Excellent--Good buy , Looked a long time for a quality camera and found one., 
1	Excellent--Good buy , Looked a farsighted time for a quality camera and detect one., 
1	Easy to use, compact
1	Easy to use, covenant
0	Single Band, Small Keys
0	Single Band, Small name
1	great value, crisps black print, near photo quality color prints
1	great value, crisps contraband impress, near photo quality color prints
1	Cheap, light-weight and small!
1	Cheap, light-weight and lowly!
1	You have a choice of how the time is displayed on front of the phone.
1	You have a select of how the time is exhibit on front of the ring.
0	Would like more Zoom
0	Would like more surge
1	Small, clear sounding, vibrating ringer, lithium battery, voice dialing!
1	Small, exonerate sounding, vibrating ringer, lithium battery, voice dialing!
0	Poor battery life
0	pitiable battery life
0	Like the new 10x zoom a little better
0	Like the new 10x zoom a piffling better
1	speakerphone, durable, battery life
1	speakerphone, durable, battery aliveness
1	Sturdy Housing, Very Versatile, Uses SmartMedia cards, Great Value!
1	Sturdy Housing, Very Versatile, America SmartMedia cards, Great Value!
1	Great for people who are semi-impaired challenged. Keep making them!
1	Great for people who are semi-impaired challenged. living realise them!
1	Quickly prints up beautifully crisp color and black and white documents
1	Quickly prints up beautifully terse color and black and ashen documents
1	Size!!
1	sizing!!
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, color lcd screen
1	Great scene quality, easy to use, color lcd screen
1	Easy to use, sharp photos and good color rendering
1	Easy to use, sharp photos and good colorize rendering
0	A little difficult to assemble
0	A picayune difficult to assemble
1	good price, good quality, good color
1	good price, good timbre, good color
0	Eats batteries like it has camera ringworm, heavy in weight
0	Eats battery like it has camera ringworm, grueling in weight
1	Professional quality SLR, Interchangeable lenses, 6.5 Megapixel low-noise CMOS sensor, customized functions, metal body.
1	Professional caliber SLR, Interchangeable lenses, 6.quint Megapixel low-noise CMOS sensor, customized functions, metal soundbox.
1	Excellent value for money, fantastic pictures, a REAL zoom lens.
1	fantabulous value for money, fantastic show, a REAL zoom lens.
0	None so far
0	None so FAR
1	Nice pictures
1	Nice delineation
1	Packed with tons of features
1	Packed with rafts of features
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	This framework phone from Motorola is not their honest, drops calls.
0	Noisy; big and heavy
0	Noisy; cock-a-hoop and heavy
0	Fairly large, 2MB memory may not be enough for some
0	evenhandedly large, 2MB memory whitethorn not be enough for some
0	None.
0	none.
0	autofocus cycling is a bit slow
0	autofocus cycling is a minute slow
1	Very small, very "cool," great reception
1	Very small, very "aplomb," great reception
0	Weak flash, poor battery life
0	Weak flash, hapless battery life
1	small, good picture quality, added memory capabilities
1	small, good picture quality, added storage capabilities
1	no hassle, just works well
1	no fuss, just works well
0	slow, and expensive. 
0	decelerate, and expensive. 
0	ring tones, not highly atractive. &#13;&#10;
0	ring intone, not highly atractive. &#13;&#10;
0	Not that hi-tech...
0	not that hi-tech...
0	limited storage on floppy, hard to use in full sun
0	limited storage on floppy, hard to role in wide-cut sun
1	Excellent set of features! Battery life. Small size. Flexibility.
1	Excellent primed of features! Battery life. Small size. Flexibility.
1	good battery life, charges quickly
1	good battery life, burden quickly
0	Not able to manually manipulate settings for more artistic work.
0	Not able to manually manipulate context for more artistic oeuvre.
0	Difficult to hear, poor reception, hard to see screen in sunlight.
0	Difficult to hear, poor reception, severely to discover screen in sunlight.
0	None!
0	none!
1	Small size.  Easy to use.  Use of Smartmedia cards for photo storage.
1	small size.  Easy to employ.  Use of Smartmedia cards for photo storage.
0	Camera has been in the shop three times in the first year.
0	Camera has been in the shop trio times in the foremost year.
0	Size
0	size
1	Good Picture Quality, Relatively Inexpensive
1	Good photograph Quality, Relatively Inexpensive
0	Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
0	Requires excessive button pushing for unproblematic tasks alike text message.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
0	Needs carrying case for protection
0	Needs carrying encase for protection
1	so easy and intuitive to use
1	so easy and intuitive to manipulation
0	Sometimes it delays after taking pic and this can be frustrating.
0	Sometimes it delays after involve pic and this can be thwart.
1	Ease of use, quality and quiet operation
1	Ease of use, quality and muted operation
0	Support, quality, durability
0	accompaniment, quality, durability
0	Verizon Disabled Features
0	Verizon disenable Features
0	A little big
0	A little cock-a-hoop
0	none so far
0	none so FAR
1	It works!
1	It turn!
1	Reasonable price, lots of manual options, Olympus quality.
1	Reasonable price, lots of manual option, Olympus quality.
1	Holds up well to lots of kids
1	Holds up well to wads of kids
1	very easy to work
1	very easy to operate
1	small,great and cheap.
1	minuscule,great and cheap.
1	Bright color screen, MMS, polyphonic tones, decent size & weight
1	Bright color screen, MMS, polyphonic timber, decent size & weight
0	Cost of the printer cartridges.
0	cost of the printer cartridges.
0	Expensive cartridges; software sometimes forgets where printer is
0	expensive cartridges; software sometimes forgets where printer is
1	simple to use, eye catching looks, macro shooting 
1	simple to use, eye catching looks, macro pullulate 
0	Expensive,Sensitive, can't send small text messages
0	Expensive,Sensitive, can't beam small text messages
0	None
0	none
1	image quality, speed, features, compactflash
1	image quality, speed, feature, compactflash
1	3.34 Megapixels, Swiveling Zoom Lens, Great Feature Set
1	3.34 Megapixels, Swiveling Zoom Lens, great Feature Set
1	Simple file storage, Excellent digital performance
1	elementary file storage, Excellent digital performance
0	None
0	none
0	Not very good life support
0	Not very good life underpin
0	Periodic paper jams, balky operation, *wildly* noisy and bothersome racket when printing.
0	Periodic paper ram, balky operation, *wildly* noisy and bothersome racquet when printing.
1	Slim, small, light, practical, fit in any pocket without you noticing it.
1	Slim, small, light, practical, tantrum in any sac without you noticing it.
0	Touchy side buttons, included ringtones are limited
0	Touchy side buttons, admit ringtones are limited
1	Easy to operate
1	leisurely to operate
1	attractive phone,nice camera
1	attractive phone,overnice camera
0	indoor photos require more thought, flash is weak, CF cartridge door is flimsy
0	indoor photos command more opinion, flash is weak, CF cartridge door is flimsy
1	Looks, Size, Quality
1	tone, Size, Quality
0	No zoom, fixed focus, low battery life
0	No zoom, situate focus, low battery life
1	recessed on/off, clear sound, voice dial, easy buttons & menus
1	recessed on/off, clear profound, voice dial, well-off buttons & menus
1	Battery Life,Clarity,Price,Color Screen,Durability
1	Battery Life,Clarity,Price,colourise Screen,Durability
0	movies need lots of light
0	movies need portion of light
0	Auto-Feeder from hell, Support from hell, Drivers from hell, Prints on the inside of itself, rebates from hell, price still not worth it
0	Auto-Feeder from hell, back from Hell, driver from hell, Prints on the inside of itself, rebates from hell, price silence not worth it
1	Beautiful screen.
1	Beautiful concealment.
0	Large when folded, takes up over a third of my trunk space (mid-size auto).
0	enceinte when folded, necessitate up over a third of my trunk space (mid-size auto).
0	Relatively slow, glossy paper can get expensive.
0	Relatively slow, glossy paper can cause expensive.
0	none yet
0	none however
1	EASE OF USE
1	EASE OF habituate
1	Light weight phone with a vivid color display and it's easy to use.
1	illume weight phone with a vivid colorise display and it's easy to use.
1	Small size, very attractive, durable construction, 4 megapixels, 3x zoom.
1	Small size, very attractive, long-lived construction, tetrad megapixels, 3x zoom.
0	Inaudible ringer, poor battery
0	Inaudible ringer, miserable battery
0	Speakerphone capability stinks
0	Speakerphone capability fetor
0	Speed, but for this price I can't complain.
0	fastness, but for this price I can't complain.
1	size, tons of features, good warranty
1	size, tons of features, adept warranty
0	Always at least one printer down (unexplained "jams" and "paper outs")
0	Always at least one pressman down (unexplained "ram" and "paper outs")
0	Slightly cumbersome
0	Slightly inapt
0	Loses battery power rather fast.
0	Loses battery power rather degenerate.
0	Buying the docking port is how you share pics.
0	Buying the bob port is how you share pics.
0	No interchangable lenses
0	nobelium interchangable lenses
1	Size, easy of use, charges quickly.
1	Size, easy of habituate, charges quickly.
0	Lack of Stylus/Characher Recognition, Slow OS, Hokey Video Recorder
0	Lack of Stylus/Characher recognition, slow OS, Hokey Video Recorder
0	Very slow, easy to scratch, low battery life
0	Very slow, easy to scratch, depression battery life
1	Looks nice and very helpful
1	spirit nice and very helpful
1	Powerful options, excellent quality, good price.
1	Powerful pick, excellent quality, good price.
1	Great sound quality and reception, cool-looking yellow backlite, lightweight, great battery life. $100 Rebate.
1	Great sound tone and reception, cool-looking yellow backlite, lightweight, majuscule battery life. $100 Rebate.
0	small basket
0	belittled basket
1	features, features, features, great support,software
1	features, features, features, majuscule support,software
0	flash, flash, flash, flash 
0	flash, swank, flash, flash 
0	Lame games
0	Lame gage
0	Text output not exceptional or fast, Mac driver lacks saved settings and ink tank utility
0	Text output not exceptional or tight, Mac driver lacks economize scope and ink tank utility
0	Can't frame pictures through the LCD screen, only two aperture settings, only 3x zoom
0	Can't compose ikon through the LCD screen, only two aperture settings, only 3x zoom
1	Sleek,light and good looking. Bright keys. Large screen. Fairly good camera. Good vocal projection.
1	Sleek,unaccented and good looking. brightly keys. Large screen. Fairly good camera. secure vocal projection.
0	Loud and slow
0	trashy and slow
1	Fast, versatile, excellent value for money
1	Fast, versatile, excellent respect for money
0	Crashes frequently, hangs dropped calls, poor signal strength, poor customer service/return policy.
0	Crashes frequently, hangs neglect calls, poor signal strength, piteous customer service/return policy.
1	Video, rechargeable battery, great quality, many pictures
1	Video, rechargeable battery, great quality, many impression
1	Size, flip feature
1	Size, impudent feature
1	easy to use
1	well-to-do to use
1	Lightweight
1	jackanapes
0	no mode settings (sports, night, portrait) shots. Lens cap...easy to lose.
0	no mode settings (sport, dark, portrait) shots. Lens cap...easy to lose.
1	Wonderful Camera
1	howling Camera
1	Decent price replacement ink carts
1	Decent price replacement ink handcart
1	Good camera body&amp;outlook, photos with good details, sharpness and colour, pleasing lens coatings, AA-powered
1	dependable camera body&amp;outlook, photos with soundly particular, sharpness and colour, pleasing lens coatings, AA-powered
0	6x Zoom Feature could be higher for the price.
0	6x Zoom Feature could be eminent for the price.
1	Beautiful phone.  Beautiful screen.
1	Beautiful phone.  Beautiful blind.
0	No color screen.
0	No colourize screen.
1	Low maintenance, takes a beating, great for a home office
1	Low maintenance, take a get, great for a home office
0	Does not work FOUR phones dead in a week
0	Does not study FOUR phones dead in a week
1	Features, Reliability, Value, Track Record
1	Features, Reliability, Value, cover Record
1	Price, ease of use
1	Price, ease of exercise
0	The one I bought does not perform consistently at all
0	The I I bribe does not perform consistently at all
1	Small size, good looks, voice dialing, good clarity and volume, decent battery life.
1	Small size, good looking, voice dialing, good clearness and volume, decent battery life.
1	it works
1	it plant
1	nice display, large phonebook, easy to use, wonderful design
1	nice display, big phonebook, easy to use, wonderful design
0	slow, color screen hard to see in sunlight
0	slow, color screen laborious to see in sunlight
1	Great little camera with a good user interface.
1	Great trivial camera with a good user interface.
1	Fast, Excellent Quality, Space Saving
1	firm, Excellent Quality, Space Saving
1	Small, flip cover, decent menu system, general feature set is good
1	modest, flip hide, decent menu system, general feature set is good
1	Offers superb printy quality
1	Offers superb printy calibre
0	nothing!
0	null!
0	no removable memory
0	no removable retentivity
1	Very small,tons of useful features, flip phone, external LED, strong ear phone
1	Very small,lashings of useful features, flip phone, external LED, strong ear call
0	No vibrate only, difficult to open, FRAGILE
0	No vibrate only, difficult to open, tenuous
0	takes a little longer to read and understand some of the programing, needs a better written manual but you can get it
0	takes a little longer to interpret and understand some of the programing, want a easily written manual but you can mystify it
0	bad drivers, doesn't meet even my minimum standards
0	forged drivers, doesn't meet even my minimum standards
0	Cumbersome menus, drops long calls.
0	Cumbersome menus, cliff long calls.
0	some bleeding at high res
0	some bleeding at gamy res
1	small, cool games , cool blue light, and its really lite
1	small, cool games , cool blue unhorse, and its really light
0	No lens cover, red-eye
0	No lens hatch, red-eye
1	Compact, speedy downloads, crisp and clear images
1	Compact, speedy downloads, nipping and clear images
0	Small storage basket, no built in cup holders.
0	Small repositing basket, no built in cup holders.
1	PRICE!!!  You can take 30 second video clips, decent pictures 
1	PRICE!!!  You can aim 30 sec video clips, decent pictures 
0	INK DOES NOT LAST &amp; IS EXPENSIVE, SOFTWARE IS HARD TO SETUP
0	INK doe NOT LAST &amp; IS EXPENSIVE, SOFTWARE IS HARD TO setup
1	fairly durable, relative to the disposable-america products out there nowadays...
1	clean long-lasting, relative to the disposable-america products out there nowadays...
1	Size, features, Marine Pack option
1	Size, features, Marine take option
0	Poor build, unreliable, lack of support from Nikon, menu system, dim lcd, viewfinder
0	Poor form, unreliable, lack of living from Nikon, menu system, dim lcd, viewfinder
1	Has everything I need in a phone and  more
1	Has everything I indigence in a phone and  more
1	easy, great quality
1	easily, great quality
0	none
0	none
0	High price tag.
0	mellow price tag.
0	No lens
0	nobelium lens
1	Two-way messaging, great clarity
1	Two-way messaging, outstanding clarity
0	Below-average camera, no MP3 player, no way to expand memory
0	Below-average camera, no MP3 player, no direction to enlarge memory
0	it shakes a little
0	it shakes a minuscule
1	Beautiful Images, Small Package
1	Beautiful Images, belittled Package
1	Superior features, Bluetooth, camera, call quality, design and small size with big screen.
1	Superior sport, Bluetooth, camera, call quality, design and small size with big blind.
0	None
0	none
1	Sturdy, quality construction, easy to maneuver.
1	Sturdy, quality construction, easy to play.
1	Cheap, small footprint
1	brassy, small footprint
1	Double sided printing, print quality especially on photos, tool-box, ease of use, speed using USB
1	two-bagger sided printing, print quality especially on photos, tool-box, ease of expend, hurry using USB
0	print alignment problems. slow.  unrepairable. awkward design. little control in panel. failed after 6 months.
0	print alliance problems. dumb.  unrepairable. sticky design. little control in panel. failed after 6 months.
1	Bluetooth is good, nice UI
1	Bluetooth is dear, nice UI
1	Great speaker phone, excellent display, friendly, solid functionalilty, wonderful voice features
1	nifty speaker phone, excellent display, friendly, satisfying functionalilty, wonderful voice features
0	cartridge may read empty when it is not
0	cartridge may read empty-bellied when it is not
1	light, tiny, sexy, ironic ringer
1	faint, tiny, sexy, ironic ringer
0	Not for prints over 3x5
0	Not for publish over 3x5
0	Vertical format shape and 8 way selector take getting used to.
0	Vertical format shape and ogdoad way selector take getting employ to.
1	Excellent photo printing and fast text output.
1	Excellent photo printing and degenerate text output.
0	Battery life could be a little longer.
0	Battery life could be a little long.
0	Stock battery too weak. Reception reduced compared to other phones. Speakerphone audio quality somewhat lacking.
0	Stock battery too unaccented. Reception abridge compared to other phones. Speakerphone audio quality somewhat absent.
0	none
0	none
0	No optical zoom, no USB support for Windows 95, large investment for a first camera
0	No optic zoom, no USB subscribe for Windows 95, expectant investment for a first camera
0	Have to use Hewlett Packard supplies
0	Have to manipulation Hewlett Packard supplies
0	Price, features/cost, belt clip, antenna, flip-hard to open
0	Price, features/cost, belt trim, antenna, flip-hard to open
0	Accessories needed to operate well
0	Accessories needed to operate swell
0	Nothing
0	nil
0	may smudge at times, not the highest quality
0	may smirch at times, not the highest quality
1	Durable, inexpensive.
1	indestructible, inexpensive.
1	Price, optical zoom, bright outdoor photos.
1	Price, optical soar, bright outdoor photos.
0	Sound quality is terrible,
0	Sound character is terrible,
1	4 megapixels, point and shoot capacity, great images, pro/advanced features, easy to use
1	4 megapixels, point and pullulate capacity, great visualise, pro/advanced features, easy to use
1	It is very affordable, it's small and fits anywhere meaning you can take it anywhere.
1	It is very affordable, it's pocket-size and scene anywhere meaning you can choose it anywhere.
1	size,battery life,style, features
1	size,battery sprightliness,style, features
1	Small,Slim,Light,Cute
1	Small,Slim,luminance,Cute
1	sexy design, eye catching
1	sexy design, eye capture
1	fairly inexpensive for a flip phone; lots of ringtones included
1	fairly inexpensive for a flip phone; bunch of ringtones include
1	Easy to use, clear pictures, inexpensive
1	Easy to use, crystallize pictures, inexpensive
1	Simple to use
1	Simple to purpose
1	Ease of general use; compact size; good quality pictures for the price
1	Ease of general use; compact size; upright quality see for the price
1	**WONDERFUL** coach and a reasonable price!!
1	**WONDERFUL** motorbus and a reasonable price!!
1	Design, covers, light weight
1	Design, covers, light-colored weight
1	Cheap operating costs, excellent standby mode, good print quality. 
1	brassy operating costs, excellent standby mode, good print quality. 
1	Sharp picture quality, excellent flash and ease of use.
1	Sharp picture quality, excellent flash and ease of expend.
1	Great pictures, crisp LCD display, better zoom than most 2.1's at this price
1	great pictures, crisp LCD display, just zoom than most 2.1's at this price
1	Great price for what you get. Neat little package.
1	Great price for what you get. full-strength little package.
0	LACK SOMETHING
0	deficiency SOMETHING
1	Great design, FM radio, "PhoneWrap" compatible, good signal strength, cheap price.
1	Great design, FM radio, "PhoneWrap" compatible, good signal specialty, cheap damage.
0	some options i want, it doesnt have
0	some options i neediness, it doesnt have
0	black ink runs dry, tech support sucks
0	disgraceful ink runs dry, tech support sucks
0	Pricey, still bulky, poor picture quality, etc.
0	Pricey, tranquilize bulky, poor picture quality, etc.
0	Nothing really about the camera itself, but the extra flash cards are kinda' high.
0	Nothing actually about the camera itself, but the extra flash cards are kinda' highschool.
0	does not work well for children over 25 pounds, front wheels lock in place
0	does not work well for children over 25 pounds, front wheel lock in target
0	Ink useage, service from brother, doesn't mesh with Windows XP, etc.,etc.
0	Ink useage, service from crony, doesn't mesh with windowpane XP, etc.,etc.
1	lightweight; compact
1	lightweight; bundle
0	Miserable battery life, poor battery cover lock integrity
0	Miserable battery life, poor battery covering lock integrity
1	easy to learn, fun to use, good quality for price
1	easy to learn, fun to use, just prime for price
0	Slow menus, poor placement of mico SD slot, hard to dial by touch.
0	Slow menus, poor placement of mico SD slot, gruelling to dial by spot.
1	Well engineered, quality, hi-res  system. This Sony is a solid step in that direction!  
1	Well orchestrate, prime, hi-res  system. This Sony is a solid step in that direction!  
0	Not that great for things other than texting
0	Not that majuscule for things other than texting
0	Center Bar that supports folding handles breaks, it is a KNOWN design flaw
0	Center Bar that reinforcement folding handles breaks, it is a KNOWN intention flaw
1	Great affordable camera
1	peachy affordable camera
0	rebate offer
0	rebate propose
0	Doesn't have good long term reliability
0	Doesn't have respectable long term reliability
1	Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	Big screen, good battery life, open connection, quality camera
0	Poor battery life, costly, only 256 colors.
0	Poor battery animation, costly, only 256 colors.
1	It does everything you would need from a professional grade film body.
1	It does everything you would penury from a professional grade flick body.
0	Volume sometimes not loud enough, can't rename profiles, non-intuitive speakerphone.
0	Volume sometimes not meretricious enough, can't rename visibility, non-intuitive speakerphone.
0	Wished I had gotten more powerful zoom.
0	Wished I had mother more powerful zoom.
0	paper feed problems
0	paper course problems
0	USB only available via promotional offer. Plastic casing...
0	USB only available via promotional volunteer. Plastic casing...
1	Easy to use, good value, 
1	promiscuous to use, good value, 
0	Memory Stick Capacity, No Carrying Case
0	Memory Stick Capacity, No Carrying subject
0	Large Screen Size, Monochromatic Screen, NO downloadable ringtones
0	Large shield Size, Monochromatic Screen, NO downloadable ringtones
0	No USB interface, small smart-card
0	No USB interface, small-scale smart-card
0	horrible results
0	horrible resultant
1	great pictures-long battery life-good software
1	peachy pictures-long battery life-good software
1	a great home office printer that does a fabulous job on photos
1	a great dwelling place printer that does a fabulous job on photos
0	Heavy, display small
0	Heavy, display pocket-sized
1	Inexpensive, Color, multifunction, convenience
1	cheap, Color, multifunction, convenience
0	May be a little expensive for some.
0	May be a small expensive for some.
1	Accurate Color
1	precise Color
1	Comfortable, Compact, FUN!
1	Comfortable, thick, FUN!
0	HP corporate anti-customer policy
0	HP incorporated anti-customer policy
0	High price
0	High terms
0	slow, bad color reproduction
0	slow, tough color reproduction
0	skips when printing
0	omission when printing
1	very good camera
1	very dependable camera
0	so-so linux support
0	so-so linux abide
1	Beautiful screen, smooth flip top, small and comfortable, great sounds
1	Beautiful screen, smooth flip top, pocket-size and well-heeled, great sounds
1	zoom, battery life, ease, quality, MPEGS
1	zoom, battery lifetime, ease, quality, MPEGS
0	mediocre photo printing, bad paper trays
0	mediocre photo printing, high-risk paper trays
1	We ask you, and you said that we have to try 
1	We ask you, and you aforesaid that we have to strain 
0	violent paper handling
0	violent paper manipulation
0	Phone overheats when in use, died after 20 months of use
0	Phone overheats when in utilization, died after 20 months of expend
1	Lexmark X73 is a multi-function printer/scanner/color copier/fax machine
1	Lexmark X73 is a multi-function printer/scanner/vividness copier/fax automobile
0	Cheaply Made,  VERY POOR CONSUMER SUPPORT, expensive to use because of batteries, not reliable 
0	Cheaply Made,  VERY POOR CONSUMER endure, expensive to utilization because of batteries, not reliable 
1	Attractive, fast, excellent quality print, easy to print two sides
1	Attractive, degraded, excellent quality print, easy to print two face
1	quality in a tiny package, looks, ease of use, 
1	quality in a tiny package, tone, ease of use, 
1	Durable, Clear Reception, Easy to use interface
1	Durable, Clear Reception, easily to use interface
0	Ink cartridge goes fast, Our printer stopped work w/in 3mo's of purchase
0	Ink cartridge live immobile, Our printer stopped work w/in 3mo's of purchase
0	Range
0	order
0	Seems to be a little on the heavy side, flash 'shadowing'. 
0	Seems to be a little on the gravid side, scud 'shadowing'. 
1	Excellent print quality
1	Excellent print choice
0	Durability
0	durability
0	extremely poor image quality
0	extremely poor range quality
0	not as easy as Motorola to look up numbers, speaker phone not loud enough
0	not as easy as Motorola to looking up numbers, speaker phone not loud adequate
0	Family a little upset.
0	Family a fiddling upset.
0	Unix duplexer difficult to set up.  Pricey.
0	Unix duplexer difficult to congeal up.  Pricey.
1	small! sounds good! sturdy!
1	small! sounds honorable! sturdy!
1	Great speakerphone, SMS keyboard, bright color display, great battery.
1	expectant speakerphone, SMS keyboard, bright color display, great battery.
1	Very easy to use, prints great
1	Very comfortable to use, prints great
1	Small and does it all for less $$
1	minuscule and does it all for less $$
0	Large screen provides more area to get oily, maybe a bit _too_ feature-rich
0	Large screen allow more area to get oily, maybe a fleck _too_ feature-rich
1	Sturdy, optical zoom
1	stalwart, optical zoom
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
0	Flimsy appearance, bighearted phone than most, some features useless
0	There are so many things you can do with this camera, try finding the time.
0	There are so many things you can do with this camera, assay bump the sentence.
0	Radio, Camera, Slow menus, Headset design, Build quality
0	Radio, Camera, easy menus, Headset design, Build quality
0	Major driver problems
0	Major driver problem
0	Only available in GSM (but, I really like GSM)
0	Only available in GSM (but, one really like GSM)
0	pricey, bulky
0	costly, bulky
1	Great deal for a 2.1 megapixel camera
1	corking deal for a 2.1 megapixel camera
0	More features than I will likely use
0	More features than I will likely manipulation
1	dependability, price, ease of use
1	dependability, price, still of use
1	Somewhat small footprint, and it is a true Laser printer.
1	pretty pocket-size footprint, and it is a true Laser printer.
1	Convenient size, VERY easy to use, wireless web
1	Convenient size, VERY soft to use, wireless web
0	Only 2X optical zoom; slow downloading
0	merely 2X optical zoom; slow downloading
1	cheap
1	inexpensive
0	Short battery life, Weak Flash, and Urrrrr..... Needs more megapixels?
0	shortsighted battery life, Weak dart, and Urrrrr..... Needs more megapixels?
1	Easy disk access
1	promiscuous disk access
1	Small, Light, EASY to use, easy to download pictures. Great quality pictures!!
1	Small, Light, promiscuous to use, easy to download pictures. Great quality depiction!!
0	Limited accessory bundle
0	circumscribed accessory bundle
1	Good Resolution, Good Screen Size, Easy to use
1	Good Resolution, beneficial Screen Size, Easy to use
0	Short-life ink cartridge, print quality horrible, paper feed problems
0	Short-life ink cartridge, print quality horrible, paper eat problems
1	Size,battery life,comfort,ease of use,style,weight.
1	Size,battery life,comfort,repose of use,style,weight.
1	Virtually every feature.
1	Virtually every lineament.
1	battery life,massive storage.
1	battery life,massive memory.
0	Abyssmal battery life.  Tiny LCD screen, flash takes time to charge
0	Abyssmal battery life.  Tiny LCD screen, flashing admit time to charge
1	Perfect Prints, Ease of use, tons of options, sleek styling
1	Perfect Prints, comfort of purpose, tons of options, sleek styling
0	Ink needs to be changed earlier than most other printers.
0	Ink necessitate to be changed other than most other printers.
1	Photo quality, features, style
1	Photo quality, features, vogue
0	None
0	none
0	Small 4MB Memory Stick, Pricey After Extras
0	Small 4MB Memory peg, Pricey After Extras
0	size of screen for the farsighted
0	size of riddle for the farsighted
0	borken less than 6 weeks
0	borken LE than 6 weeks
1	nice entry level price, good photo quality, lots of zoom, big screen
1	prissy entry level price, good photo quality, bunch of zoom, big screen
0	none I can think of
0	none I can consider of
0	Expensive Ink and Paper
0	Expensive Ink and theme
1	great stroller
1	nifty stroller
1	stylish, many functions, small
1	stylish, many purpose, small
0	Some menus are difficult to navigate
0	Some menus are difficult to sail
1	Great features, tiny phone, long lasting battery.
1	neat features, tiny phone, long lasting battery.
0	small storage area, no handle height adjustment
0	small storage area, no handle acme adjustment
0	low image quality, can be flimsy 
0	low-pitched image quality, can be flimsy 
1	easy to use, good text and graphics quality
1	easy to use, unspoilt text and graphics quality
1	Good resolution, great features, small footprint
1	Good resolution, corking features, small footprint
1	Cheap, Polyphonic Ringtones and Java on an entry level phone
1	cheap, Polyphonic Ringtones and Java on an entry stage phone
1	Goes anywhere. Nice battery life, and packed with powerful features.
1	Goes anywhere. Nice bombardment aliveness, and packed with powerful features.
1	Great Durable camera, Great Picture qualities-More features then other model!
1	groovy Durable camera, groovy Picture qualities-More features then other model!
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges!
0	Expensive ink Cartridges!
1	Very Quiet, basic paper feed OK, cheap unit for the paper sizes it can handle
1	Very Quiet, basic paper fertilize okeh, cheap unit for the paper sizes it can care
0	Pricey
0	dear
0	RAW format not supported in automatic modes.  No spotmeter.
0	cutting format not supported in automatic modes.  No spotmeter.
1	Very good product
1	Very commodity product
1	Good printer, copier, and ok scanner, good software with it
1	goodness printer, copier, and OK scanner, good software with it
0	See Review Above
0	See refresh Above
1	Good print quality, ease of use
1	dear print quality, ease of use
1	low price, USB connection, Cybershot viewfinder
1	Low price, USB connection, Cybershot viewfinder
1	Small sleek design, ease of use, good quality pictures.
1	Small sleek design, ease of use, good quality picture.
0	Doesn?t have speakerphone.
0	Doesn?t have speakerphone.
1	Decent phone, convenient service with no monthly bill
1	Decent phone, convenient service with no monthly eyeshade
0	none
0	none
1	Quality, Price, Ease of Use
1	Quality, Price, Ease of apply
0	No Bluetooth..aargh!
0	nobelium Bluetooth..aargh!
1	The phone to own!
1	The ring to own!
1	HP quality, quick, and sharp printing
1	HP quality, quick, and sharply printing
0	No optical zoom
0	nobelium optical zoom
0	"One paper at a time please"
0	"One paper at a time delight"
1	Easy to use, zoom, panorama
1	slowly to use, zoom, panorama
1	Print quality, printing speed
1	Print prime, printing speed
1	B&amp;amp;W Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
1	B&amp;amp;W Print Quality, hurry, Reliability, placidity, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
0	- none
0	- none
1	Optical zoom, battery life, size
1	Optical zoom, battery animation, size
1	Easy to use - good first camera
1	Easy to use - just first camera
0	microprocessor unreliable
0	microprocessor undependable
1	Great integration between phone & pda
1	smashing integration between phone & pda
1	Affordable, clear pictures.
1	low-cost, clear pictures.
0	nine
0	9
1	good features, appearance, price
1	proficient features, appearance, price
1	Size and price.
1	size and price.
0	Heavy, poor reception, phone part can be tricky to operate with one hand.
0	threatening, poor reception, phone split can be tricky to operate with one hand.
0	replacement cartriges are expensive, being as high as $45.00
0	surrogate cartriges are expensive, being as gamy as $45.00
1	price, easy to use, features, size
1	price, loose to use, features, size
0	Eats...no, GULPS batteries
0	rust...no, GULPS batteries
0	SLOW
0	slow
0	Priced a bit high, but worth every penny.
0	Priced a moment high, but worth every penny.
1	great printer and copier, multifunction and reasonably priced
1	gravid printer and copier, multifunction and reasonably priced
0	Almost none
0	near none
0	Expensive, Only 8MB, Steady hand required, Battery hog, Can't find substitutes for expensive accessories
0	Expensive, Only 8MB, Steady manus required, Battery hog, Can't find interchange for expensive accessories
0	None I can really think of.
0	None 1 can really think of.
0	Kinda bulky. Needs larger memory stick. No view finder, just LED dislay.
0	Kinda bulky. Needs magnanimous memory stick. No panorama finder, just LED dislay.
1	Easy to point and shoot on the factory settings.
1	Easy to designate and shoot on the factory settings.
1	User-friendly, simple, nice-looking body
1	User-friendly, simple, nice-looking soundbox
0	No day-glow colors on the screen, the flip can break. Some confusing terms.
0	No day-glow colourise on the screen, the flip can smash. Some confusing terms.
1	fast east pictures, great for quick upload to web site or email
1	fast East pictures, nifty for quick upload to web site or email
0	Some menus in manual mode difficult to access.
0	Some menus in manual mood difficult to access.
0	Doesn't work with heavy kids. Seat doesn't lay very flat
0	Doesn't exercise with heavy kids. tush doesn't lay very flat
1	Open with one hand, big display, ringers
1	Open with unrivalled hand, big display, ringers
0	Slow for high volume work
0	dense for high volume work
1	speed is OK
1	hie is OK
1	InfraRed,
1	infrared,
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash arrange
0	Digital zoom can be a little fuzzy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Make sure your shots are steady.
0	Digital zoom can be a fiddling fuzzy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;score sure your shots are becalm.
0	Paper Tray
0	theme Tray
0	Rather slow, The multipass server software is horrible!
0	Rather ho-hum, The multipass server software is horrible!
1	Large screen, one-touch volume control, joystick
1	Large screen, one-touch volume see, joystick
1	Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
1	Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced affair, and it play!!
1	Quick, Efficient, and Amazing Printer
1	Quick, effective, and Amazing Printer
0	Goes through ink like a baby goes through diapers, unreliable, slow
0	proceed through ink like a baby decease through diapers, unreliable, slow
1	Size, weight and quality.
1	Size, weightiness and quality.
1	Great Price and Value
1	big Price and Value
0	Relatively short battery life
0	Relatively suddenly battery life
0	Paper tray only "likes" a few sheets.
0	newspaper tray only "likes" a few sheets.
1	Good reception, good battery life.
1	Good reception, good battery sprightliness.
0	The looks, Memory card too small, no Diopter!
0	The seem, Memory card too small, no Diopter!
1	Can take digital pictures as well as short videos.
1	Can take digital pictures as fountainhead as short videos.
1	really really good quality
1	really really thoroughly quality
1	inexpensive, compact, easy to use
1	inexpensive, stocky, easy to use
1	Floppy drive; easy of use; loaded with options
1	Floppy labour; easy of use; loaded with options
1	Good picture quality, easy to use, highly portable, rebate (through 1/31/02)
1	Good visualise quality, slowly to use, highly portable, rebate (through 1/31/02)
0	Bluetooth can be very tempramental, slow data transfer, meagre built in memory.
0	Bluetooth can be very tempramental, slow data transfer, meager build in memory.
1	Excellent quality and it's fun to watch the paper fly out after printing
1	Excellent quality and it's fun to watch the newspaper wing out after printing
0	Low battery life compared to other phones I've owned.
0	humble battery life compared to other phones I've owned.
0	Don't expect many colors!
0	Don't expect many vividness!
0	The earpiece volume is a bit low but i may be going deaf!
0	The earphone volume is a routine low but i may be going deaf!
1	cost
1	be
1	Sleek design, good sound, camera with flash
1	Sleek design, good sound, camera with heartbeat
1	Quiet, Many Features, Compact (Paper Tray folds up for more work room), great price
1	Quiet, Many characteristic, Compact (Paper Tray folds up for more mold room), great price
1	small, sleek, excellent picture and color quality, inexpensive
1	small, sleek, excellent fancy and color quality, inexpensive
1	Accomplishes SOHO tasks fairly well
1	accomplish SOHO tasks fairly well
0	took forever for HP to figure out the problem
0	assume forever for HP to figure out the problem
0	Battery life is too short., Battery takes 8 hours or more to charge
0	Battery sprightliness is too short., Battery engage 8 hours or more to charge
0	Delay time is a bummer...no action shots with this one.
0	retard time is a bummer...no action guesswork with this one.
1	inexpensive,easy to use
1	inexpensive,well-situated to use
1	It's generally free!  Okay sound quality.
1	It's generally free!  Okay level-headed quality.
0	Glare on LCD when outside., 
0	limelight on LCD when outside., 
1	Lightweight, very high resolution and great color quality. Features galore for the prosumer type.
1	Lightweight, very high resolution and majuscule color quality. Features galore for the prosumer character.
0	A good value for the price. No cons.
0	A good respect for the price. No cons.
0	wheel issues, useless basket, other quality control problems
0	wheel issues, useless hoop, other quality control problems
1	Compact and Lightweight
1	wad and Lightweight
0	Cuts out randomly with calls, screen freezes.
0	reduce out randomly with calls, screen freezes.
0	everything else about phone
0	everything else about headphone
1	Great phone deal-pretty phone. Overall-i'm very pleased. Verizon was great. I will stay with them.
1	smashing phone deal-pretty phone. Overall-i'm very please. Verizon was corking. I will stay with them.
1	Lightweight, inexpensive, easy to use
1	Lightweight, inexpensive, leisurely to use
0	no bluetooth
0	no bluetooth
1	excellent reception, sturdy, and light weight
1	excellent reception, sturdy, and ignite weight
1	Outstanding Printer, Duplex, High speeds, small footprint
1	Outstanding Printer, Duplex, High hie, small footprint
0	Might feel &amp;quot;bulky&amp;quot; at first
0	Might feel &amp;quot;bulky&A;quot; at first
1	Well built; economical; good output.
1	Well built; economical; beneficial output.
0	Big printer, small ink tanks
0	braggy printer, small ink tanks
1	CDMA Technology Allows Connectivity To Laptop, Faceplates, Lithium Polymer Battery Capable
1	CDMA Technology leave Connectivity To Laptop, Faceplates, Lithium Polymer bombardment Capable
1	Small enough to fit in your pocket
1	Small enough to jibe in your pocket
1	Superior image quality, easy to use, good documentation and software
1	Superior envision quality, easy to use, expert documentation and software
0	LCD screen gets fingerprints easily, may be a little expensive.
0	LCD screen have fingerprint easily, may be a little expensive.
1	Quality and size.
1	calibre and size.
1	Price, Storage capacity, Color accuracy, Flexibility
1	Price, memory capacity, Color accuracy, Flexibility
0	connection problems, tedious menus, on/off button hard to use
0	connection problems, tiresome menus, on/off release hard to use
1	Easy to use, good quality, inexpensive
1	well-situated to use, good quality, inexpensive
1	Ability to vibrate first, then ring, fairly durable, very lightweight, cheap.
1	Ability to vibrate commencement, then ring, fairly perdurable, very lightweight, cheap.
0	crappy graphic, poor and expensive tech support
0	crappy graphic, poor and expensive tech back
1	Print quality, price
1	Print timbre, price
0	State of the art has caught up with and passed this model.
0	State of the art has watch up with and perish this model.
0	Everything
0	Everything
0	Noisy, must be open in front
0	Noisy, must be exposed in front
0	It's not under $100.00
0	It's not under $century.00
1	tons of features, email, calendar, internet, and much more.
1	lashings of features, email, calendar, internet, and much more.
0	not supercompact in size, no rech.
0	not supercompact in sizing, no rech.
0	Same limitations as any other point and shoot camera.  Need to buy bigger memory card.
0	Same limitations as any other guide and pullulate camera.  Need to buy vainglorious memory card.
1	small size, external LCD w/caller ID, two way SMS, voice dialing, sturdy
1	small size, external LCD w/caller ID, two agency MS, voice dialing, sturdy
1	Nice, big, color screen...
1	Nice, giving, color screen...
1	Inexpensive, great picture quality, and durable.
1	Inexpensive, great picture calibre, and durable.
0	Durability, small internal memory, battery life, no optical zoom, viewfinder, dock not needed.
0	Durability, small internal storage, battery life, no optical zoom, viewfinder, sorrel not needed.
1	Great image &amp; color quality, any length movie, solid construction
1	Great double &amp; colour quality, any length movie, solid construction
1	TFT screen,, expandability in memory, viewfinder
1	TFT filmdom,, expandability in memory, viewfinder
1	Small, easy to carry
1	Small, easy to acquit
0	proprietary earbud jack, no voicemail reminder, sometimes requires reboot, poor Sync software, poor camera quality
0	proprietary earbud laborer, no voicemail admonisher, sometimes command reboot, poor Sync software, poor camera quality
0	A nuisance aligning the ink cartridges
0	A nuisance array the ink cartridges
0	a little bigger than StarTac
0	a piffling bigger than StarTac
1	10X optical zoom, image stabilization, great shots, complete package
1	10X optical zoom, prototype stabilization, great shots, complete package
0	Ferocious battery gobbler, A/C adapter is extra cost, skimpy documentation. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Ferocious bombardment gobbler, adenine/C adapter is extra cost, skimpy corroboration. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	LCD on the front and Voice Command
1	LCD on the front and Voice dominate
1	Battery life, blue backlight, clarity.
1	Battery life, risque backlight, clarity.
1	Inexpensive two cartridge system
1	Inexpensive 2 cartridge system
1	great resolution, fast B&amp;amp;W printing, affordable
1	great resolution, dissipated B&amp;amp;W printing, affordable
0	Just about everything.
0	precisely about everything.
1	Good picture quality, lightweight, stylish, good interface
1	Good flick quality, lightweight, stylish, good interface
1	Ease of use, quality for price, Well balanced
1	Ease of utilization, quality for price, Well balanced
0	only black and white, few paper problems
0	only black and ovalbumin, few paper problems
0	Cost (though worth every penny to me), ...my mother never *did* figure out how to fold it.  It's not difficult  in general, but it's a three-step process.
0	toll (though worth every penny to me), ...my beget never *did* figure out how to bend it.  It's not difficult  in ecumenical, but it's a three-step treat.
0	The pixels are still big, and background pictures make it hard to see the writing.
0	The pixels are stillness great, and background pictures make it hard to meet the writing.
0	As always, you have to maintain it, and be diligent on making sure the software that runs it won't crash.
0	As e'er, you have to maintain it, and be diligent on fix trusted the software that lean it won't crash.
1	Size, weight, polyphonic ringtones
1	Size, weighting, polyphonic ringtones
0	Cons ?,Cons ?, Seriously,I have only minor gripes with small C/F card supplied.
0	convict ?,Cons ?, Seriously,I have only minor gripes with small coke/F card supplied.
0	Low Quality
0	miserable Quality
1	decent printing speed, good quality (black and color), inexpensive
1	decent printing speed, good quality (black and colourize), inexpensive
0	Video camera for stills only (not all phones)
0	Video camera for hush only (not all phones)
0	won't accommodate legal paper
0	won't reconcile legal paper
1	Lightweight, simple to use
1	Lightweight, simple to utilize
0	Long delay after pressing shutter, bad resolution, horrible battery life
0	Long delay after pressing shutter, defective resolution, horrible battery animation
1	styling, print resolution, beautiful photo color, price, paper handling
1	styling, print settlement, beautiful photo color, price, paper handling
0	slow, only one print head
0	slow, only one print heading
0	Corel incompatibilities
0	Corel incompatibility
1	Quick, easy to use camera.
1	Quick, easy to practice camera.
1	Great print quality, HP name.
1	Great print quality, HP epithet.
1	Extra small size, different colors to choose
1	Extra little size, different colors to choose
0	Durability
0	enduringness
1	Lots of great features, audio and video options along with storage are great.
1	Lots of great features, audio and video options along with repositing are dandy.
0	speaker phone is trash, weak signal, battery life horrible, and software very buggy
0	speaker phone is trash, weak signal, battery biography horrible, and software very loony
0	battery life SUCKS!
0	barrage life SUCKS!
1	Smooth slide, 2 Mega Pixel Cam with landscape mode , Bluetooth   and IR
1	fluent slue, 2 Mega Pixel Cam with landscape mode , Bluetooth   and IR
0	The zoom ring is not well-fit - has a certain play. Some red-eye problems.
0	The zoom halo is not well-fit - has a certain act. Some red-eye problems.
1	35mm quality prints, fast and quiet, reliable.
1	35mm quality prints, fast and serenity, reliable.
0	Even Best Buy says -DUMP IT!
0	Even skillful Buy says -DUMP IT!
0	print cost, quality, quietness.
0	publish cost, quality, quietness.
0	Doesn't come with the extras that you'll really want to have.
0	Doesn't arrive with the duplicate that you'll really want to have.
0	Can't be networked.
0	Can't be network.
1	stable, smooth, many nice features
1	stable, bland, many nice features
1	Lithium Ion Battery, Contact Manager, Handy Tools.
1	Lithium Ion Battery, contact Manager, Handy Tools.
0	print cartridge alignment procedure is a pain in the ...
0	print cartridge alignment procedure is a painfulness in the ...
1	Great design, razor-sharp imaging, many features
1	gravid design, razor-sharp imaging, many features
1	sharp, clear photographs
1	sharp, clean photographs
1	Ease of use, GUI, look, feel, weight, versatility, cost, Nokia reputation and quality
1	relieve of use, GUI, look, feel, weight, versatility, cost, Nokia reputation and timbre
1	square format
1	substantial format
1	Ease of use, 4 megapixel, accessories available
1	Ease of usance, 4 megapixel, accessories available
0	Standard Ringers, Instruction Manual
0	Standard Ringers, statement Manual
1	All around versatile printer and, smart media card input.
1	All around versatile pressman and, smart media card input.
0	Highly priced and slow. Built-in flash. 
0	Highly priced and slow. Built-in blink. 
1	Resolution and speed.
1	Resolution and hurrying.
0	Wish it was a little smaller
0	Wish it was a little minor
1	High quality and easy to use.
1	High quality and easy to utilize.
0	Mine had quite a few quirks
0	mine had quite a few quirks
0	Menu could be better, uses SmartMedia and a serial interface
0	Menu could be dependable, US SmartMedia and a serial interface
0	no cup holder, ridiculously small cargo baskets, soooo expensive, short shades
0	no cup holder, ridiculously small cargo basket, soooo expensive, poor shades
0	A LITTLE SLOW ON COLOR COPIES
0	A little SLOW ON COLOR COPIES
1	easy to install, simple to configure, joy to use 
1	easy to install, dim-witted to configure, joy to use 
0	Shuts off completly when any ink cartridge is out.
0	Shuts off completly when any ink pickup is out.
1	Sharp, clear pictures. Intuitive interface. Good colour reproduction.
1	Sharp, clear film. Intuitive interface. Good colour reproduction.
1	Great looks, large screen for size, camera, sending text and pic messages fairly easy.
1	heavy looks, large screen for size, camera, sending text and pic messages somewhat easy.
1	Great Camera, and Great quality
1	Great Camera, and heavy quality
0	Sucks batteries, the display is hard to see in bright conditions.
0	imbibe batteries, the display is firmly to see in bright conditions.
1	Nothing
1	cipher
0	I can't think of any!
0	1 can't think of any!
1	Quality, Speed
1	timbre, Speed
1	Price, size, picture quality good for beginners 
1	Price, size, photo quality good for beginners 
0	Heavy, expensive, "ocean liner"
0	wakeless, expensive, "ocean liner"
0	Flash a little weak.  No sound with movies(not a huge con).
0	tatty a little weak.  No legal with movies(not a huge con).
1	4-megapixel matrix, looks solid, convenient modification of focal length, universality, much features
1	4-megapixel matrix, await square, convenient modification of focal length, universality, much features
1	Highest quality printer 
1	Highest choice printer 
1	reception, sound quality, compose your own ring, easy txt msging, price
1	reception, sound quality, write your own resound, easy txt msging, price
1	Ease of use, Big LCD screen
1	Ease of use, vauntingly LCD screen
0	Don't have any at this time!
0	Don't have any at this metre!
0	Cheap plastic (rear &amp; cf door), odd tripod mount
0	Cheap plastic (hindquarters &amp; cf door), odd tripod mount
1	Good picture quality, good price
1	dependable picture quality, good price
1	Easy to install. Easy to use&amp;gt;
1	well-heeled to install. Easy to use&amp;gt;
0	LCD problems, flimsy
0	LCD problems, thin
1	The camera has it's advantages, small, lightweight, easy to operate and handle.
1	The camera has it's advantages, pocket-size, lightweight, easy to operate and treat.
1	4-machines-in-1 - for a dirt cheap price.
1	4-machines-in-1 - for a dirt cheap terms.
0	no zoom, causes too much red-eye, price,, bundled memory stick too small, doesnt record sounds.
0	no zoom, causes too much red-eye, price,, bundled memory cohere too pocket-sized, doesnt record audio.
0	Short Battery Life, Slow uploads
0	Short Battery Life, dense uploads
0	None so far except it's kinda ugly
0	None so far except it's kinda unworthy
1	good only if you want to print letters or simple reports in black ink.
1	good only if you need to print letters or simple composition in black ink.
1	No problem whatsoever.
1	No job whatsoever.
0	Not the greatest connection
0	Not the greatest connexion
1	Can't find any yet
1	Can't witness any yet
0	Still not a top quality printer.
0	placid not a top quality printer.
0	Screen problems.  Don't get this phone.
0	Screen problems.  Don't acquire this phone.
0	footrest way too high; wobbly; does not recline well; expensive; small basket
0	footrest way too gamy; wobbly; does not recline comfortably; expensive; small basket
1	good print quality for the price
1	good print quality for the damage
1	Beautiful HI RES pictures achieved! Fair pricing! 
1	Beautiful HI RES photo achieved! Fair pricing! 
1	Worked OK for about 4 months of light use.
1	Worked OK for about 4 months of light utilization.
1	Better looking than most printers, good quality prints, better with updated drivers from Epson
1	good looking than most printers, good quality prints, ripe with updated drivers from Epson
0	Cheaply made, poor quality, serious design flaws which render it unusable.
0	Cheaply give, poor quality, serious design flaws which translate it unusable.
0	keypad layout isn't natural.
0	keypad layout isn't instinctive.
1	Small, great sound, many features
1	Small, nifty sound, many features
0	Ink and the Canon Photo Paper Pro is very expensive
0	ink and the Canon Photo paper Pro is very expensive
1	easy download of pictures, quality of pictures
1	easy download of image, quality of pictures
0	The antenna, lack of ringing tones
0	The antenna, lack of surround tones
1	Reliable, compact, stylish, multiple really useful features...
1	true, compact, stylish, multiple really useful features...
1	Fully customisable, music ringtones, games, lightweight, stylish, etc.
1	Fully customisable, music ringtones, stake, lightweight, stylish, etc.
1	Super resolution and color on glossy paper. A breeze to set up. Price!
1	Super resolution and tinge on glossy paper. A breeze to put up. Price!
0	Fixed-focus, delay between shots.
0	Fixed-focus, delay between shot.
1	Flexability, HP reliability
1	Flexability, HP dependableness
1	Good picture quality, ease of use, solid construction, memory card slot, 3 quality settings. 
1	Good project quality, ease of purpose, solid construction, memory card slot, 3 quality settings. 
0	not as high photo quality as more expensive models
0	not as high photo quality as more expensive sit
1	Small, Stylish, Great Sound Quality
1	belittled, Stylish, Great Sound Quality
1	Lightweight, Easy to Use, Inexpensive
1	Lightweight, well-heeled to Use, Inexpensive
0	Must be held totally still, Won't take a photo in low light.
0	Must be held totally nonetheless, Won't carry a photo in low light.
1	NONE
1	none
1	Inexpensive, Great Printer that puts out High Quality images
1	Inexpensive, Great Printer that puts out High Quality simulacrum
1	Inexpensive, No Paper-Jams, Compact, Easy to Use
1	Inexpensive, No Paper-Jams, Compact, Easy to employment
1	Excellent size, speed and features
1	Excellent size, speed and sport
1	Too many to list, but my fave is it's functionality.
1	overly many to listing, but my fave is it's functionality.
1	good  to have a camera with you all the times  able to send photos.
1	thoroughly  to have a camera with you all the multiplication  able to send photos.
0	Short battery life
0	Short barrage life
0	costley refills.  $46.00 each
0	costley replenish.  $46.00 each
0	Reception is okay, no automatic flash for camera, flip moves around a bit when closed.
0	Reception is okay, no automatic flash for camera, switch act around a second when closed.
1	Compact, Great LCD Screen, Good with Battery Life
1	Compact, Great LCD Screen, beneficial with Battery Life
0	SLOOOOOW firmware, poor navigation, tiny/difficult buttons
0	SLOOOOOW firmware, poor navigation, tiny/difficult push
0	It is a little slow on printing!
0	It is a little boring on printing!
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, fictile feel, disabled Bluetooth charge transfers, weak camera
0	GSM coverage in the USA is not complete.&#13;&#10;Only 8 entries can have voice tags.
0	GSM coverage in the America is not double-dyed.&#13;&#10;alone 8 entries can have voice tags.
0	2000 is already on the market?
0	2000 is already on the commercialize?
0	overexposed pics
0	overexposed flick
1	Cheap, small, and gets reception everywhere
1	Cheap, small, and suffer reception everywhere
0	Battery life! Viewfinder lineup!
0	Battery animation! Viewfinder lineup!
0	low talk time
0	low talk clock
1	High Quality OPTICAL 3X Zoom, Superb Image Quality, Very Kind on Batteries
1	richly Quality OPTICAL 3X Zoom, Superb effigy Quality, Very Kind on Batteries
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
1	Excellent Quality when it shape and many features, heavy pictures and voice clarity
0	Dust in screen, hardware problems, horrid reception, bad integrity, small screen, low battery life
0	Dust in screen, hardware problems, horrid reception, spoilt integrity, pocket-size screen, low battery life
0	Clunky and large but well worth it.
0	Clunky and prominent but well worth it.
0	No lens cover
0	No lens treat
0	Dries up, high maintanence, high cost of use.
0	Dries up, high maintanence, high cost of manipulation.
1	Easy to use, good quality pics, viewscreen at the back.
1	Easy to employ, good quality flick, viewscreen at the back.
0	Had to send one back
0	Had to send one gage
0	ink cartridges are so expensive you could practically buy a new printer
0	ink cartridge are so expensive you could practically buy a newfangled printer
1	feels like a 35mm
1	experience like a 35mm
0	Poor quality pics, nearly no print capabilites, cheap look, I can go on and on.
0	wretched quality pics, near no print capabilites, cheap smell, I can go on and on.
0	Flash-work less reliable; picture quality sags. 
0	Flash-work less reliable; film quality sags. 
1	Good phone book, and customization.
1	secure phone book, and customization.
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	Some neutered lineament, small navigation emerge, and poor external display planning.
1	loyal:great reception, incredible resistance to heavy blows, a conversation piece
1	loyal:large reception, incredible resistance to heavy puff, a conversation piece
1	Incredible zoom, nice sharp photos, relatively easy to operate
1	Incredible zoom, nice astute photos, relatively easy to operate
1	FAST, sharp text, Great color
1	FAST, sharp text, Great colorize
1	This phone is extremely easy to use and has great sound quality.
1	This phone is extremely easy to utilize and has nifty sound quality.
1	Inexpensive, great features, long battery life, and excellent quality photos.
1	Inexpensive, great have, long battery life, and splendid quality photos.
1	Great photo print quality -&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Decent color graphics
1	peachy photograph print quality -&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Decent color graphics
1	simple to use, attractive packaging
1	simple to exercise, attractive packaging
1	Photo imaging quality, lens, features, battery life, ease
1	Photo imaging quality, lens, features, battery life, relief
0	There isnt any
0	thither isnt any
0	None
0	none
0	Weak flash, poor battery life
0	Weak flash, short battery life
0	rechargeable batteries sold separately
0	rechargeable batteries deal separately
1	great sound, gets good signal (compared to other phones in the same geographic area), voicenotes
1	expectant sound, become good signal (compared to other phones in the same geographic expanse), voicenotes
1	Price / Performance - quality of pictures - all the features!!
1	Price / Performance - quality of pictures - all the boast!!
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
1	practiced sound, reception, and battery sprightliness, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
0	no cables included, expensive &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Recommended: Yes 
0	no telegraph included, expensive &amp;#13;&amp;#ten;Recommended: Yes 
1	A lot of camera for the money., 
1	ampere lot of camera for the money., 
0	There is really no cons to this camera it is a GREAT CAMERA!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	there is really no cons to this camera it is a slap-up CAMERA!!!!!!!!!!!!!
1	Comfortable size, good voice quality
1	well-to-do size, good voice quality
1	Great features, Excellent Voice Clarity, fashoniable, and light.
1	Great features, Excellent Voice Clarity, fashoniable, and lighter.
0	Reception, build quality
0	Reception, build character
0	Basic, Ugly, uncomfortable , no color screen
0	Basic, Ugly, uncomfortable , no gloss screen
1	compact, feels like a real phone in open position
1	compact, feels like a real ring in open position
1	Battery life, reception, perfect size (for me, at least), & rubberized coating for easy grip
1	Battery living, reception, consummate size (for me, at least), & rubberized coating for easy grip
0	Prints pretty slowly when printing in high quality
0	Prints reasonably slowly when printing in high quality
1	Quick, compatable with many computers.
1	Quick, compatable with many computer.
1	EXCELLENT printing, nice design, fast, &amp; quiet.
1	EXCELLENT printing, nice contrive, fast, &amp; quiet.
1	Reliable, compact, inexpensive
1	Reliable, press, inexpensive
0	Ink runs out quickly, low print quality, over-priced
0	Ink go out quickly, low print quality, over-priced
0	Screen a bit difficult to view in bright light
0	test a bit difficult to view in bright light
1	well built, solid, flip style
1	fountainhead built, solid, flip style
1	None
1	none
1	Inexpensive phone with some features. Refer a friend and get 100 Free Minutes.
1	Inexpensive call with some features. Refer a admirer and get 100 Free Minutes.
0	All of my calls are dropped, shuts off for no reason, screen repeatedly goes blank
0	All of my calls are dribble, shuts off for no reason, filmdom repeatedly fling blank
1	Very effective and compact
1	Very effective and contract
1	Looks good
1	Looks dear
0	NONE. Brings a tear to my eyes...
0	NONE. Brings a tear to my eyeball...
1	Usr friendly and good quality
1	Usr friendly and adept quality
1	Easy fold and great safety featured
1	well-heeled fold and great safety featured
1	Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, LOW light!, Auto everything.
1	Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, LOW alight!, Auto everything.
1	clear, sharp text and deep, rich color
1	clear, shrewd text and deep, rich color
1	Cheap, fairly good print quality for the price
1	Cheap, fairly adept print quality for the price
1	CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS PRICE? EVERYONE CAN GO DIGITAL WITH THIS!
1	hindquarters YOU BELIEVE THIS PRICE? EVERYONE CAN extend DIGITAL WITH THIS!
0	weak flash, limited macro, limited software
0	weak blink, limited macro, limited software
0	Like any electronic something better will come out, but until then ...
0	Like any electronic something safe will hail out, but until then ...
0	NONE
0	none
0	Non-Standard Earphone Plug, Complex Menus, Tiny Touchpad Produces Unwanted Errors, Build-Quality Flaws
0	Non-Standard Earphone wad, Complex Menus, Tiny Touchpad Produces unwanted Errors, Build-Quality Flaws
1	Quality, Design, Durability, Features, Value
1	Quality, Design, Durability, Features, esteem
1	I'd probably have to sum it up to QUALITY, QUALITY, QUALITY!
1	I'd probably have to amount it up to QUALITY, QUALITY, timber!
1	Sleek look, color display, external display window, flip design
1	Sleek spirit, color display, external display window, flip design
1	spare printer for quick jobs,   very quick
1	spare printer for quick jobs,   very speedy
0	Only one color, silver.  Battery life.
0	Only one color, silvern.  Battery life.
0	Hard to reach basket
0	surd to reach basket
0	small memory, slow menu sometimes
0	pocket-sized memory, slow menu sometimes
0	none
0	none
0	no optical zoom, sometimes get circles
0	no optical zoom, sometimes gravel circles
0	NONE
0	none
1	crisp, clean, perfect images, lots of new features
1	crisp, clean, perfect images, hatful of new features
0	lags a bit on shutter speed,  EVF is a little blurry,  auto focus needs tweeking.
0	remand a bit on shutter speed,  EVF is a minuscule muzzy,  auto focus needs tweeking.
0	quiet ring, antenna is flimsy
0	quiet gang, antenna is flimsy
1	well, it prints, and the B/W is good
1	good, it prints, and the B/W is good
0	no downloadable ringers
0	no downloadable ringer
1	small,works anywhere outside US, comes free with the plan
1	low,deeds anywhere outside US, comes free with the plan
1	Excellent feature set, easy to use.
1	Excellent feature set, comfortable to use.
0	a little bulky, price
0	a little bulky, toll
0	Constant quality problems.
0	ceaseless quality problems.
0	silver paint covering, uncomfortable belt clip, screen tough to see in sunlight, silver paint
0	silver paint insure, uncomfortable belt clip, screen thug to see in sunlight, silver paint
1	Clear speakerphone, ease of use, size, chic looks, simplistic factor, ownership cost
1	clean-cut speakerphone, ease of use, size, chic appear, simplistic factor, ownership cost
0	Oh so much.
0	OH so much.
0	Paint chips off phone
0	pigment chips off phone
1	Looks SLEEK against my Cheek
1	looking SLEEK against my Cheek
1	unbeatable price, easy setup, reliable
1	unbeatable price, loose setup, reliable
0	Pictures resemble the artwork of fetus holding a dry paintbrush
0	Pictures resemble the artwork of fetus reserve a ironical paintbrush
0	prefer a covered keypad.
0	prefer a extend keypad.
1	Sleek Design, GPRS
1	Sleek figure, GPRS
0	battery life
0	bombardment life
0	not as high of mp as I would not like
0	not as heights of mp as I would not same
1	great picture
1	heavy picture
0	Low resolution by today's standards.
0	Low solving by today's standards.
1	reception,voice dialing,easy to use without book
1	reception,voice dialing,easy to use without script
0	Big, clunky, heavy, low battery life
0	Big, clunky, expectant, low battery life
0	Need to purchase rechargeable  batteries, larger memory card,and AC adaptor.
0	postulate to purchase rechargeable  batteries, larger memory menu,and AC adaptor.
1	Good quality pictures, easy to use
1	Good quality visualise, easy to use
1	Great price for the quality, clear printing, many shades, user-friendly.
1	neat price for the quality, crystallize printing, many shades, user-friendly.
1	Floppy disk as storage media
1	Floppy disk as storage medium
0	No infrared, Not compact, Terrible color screen display
0	No infrared, Not compact, frightening color screen display
1	It has speakerphone, text messaging, and a color display
1	It has speakerphone, text messaging, and a colouration display
0	User manual, menus take getting used to.
0	User manual, menus payoff getting used to.
1	Fast PPM, Easy Set-up, Output is dry, great manual
1	Fast PPM, light Set-up, Output is dry, great manual
1	Small, packed with features, high &quot;sex appeal&quot;
1	pocket-size, packed with features, high &quot;sex appeal&quot;
0	Somewhat of an effort to learn finer features.  
0	moderately of an effort to learn finer features.  
1	Features available for the price
1	boast available for the price
0	display can be hard to see in sunlight
0	display can be hard to learn in sunlight
0	Sad organizer and calendar functions and lackluster phonebook.
0	Sad organizer and calendar operate and lackluster phonebook.
1	It is a copier, fax machine, printer &amp; scanner all in one.
1	It is a copier, fax machine, printer &AMP; scanner all in 1.
1	Very inexpensive
1	very inexpensive
1	Swivel lens, takes CF cards, uses size AA batteries and takes great pictures!
1	Swivel lens, takes CF cards, consumption size AA batteries and takes great word-painting!
1	small &amp; light
1	small &amp; Light
0	proprietary battery, shutter lag
0	proprietary battery, shutter meanwhile
1	Good Multifunction, solid performer - when it works
1	Good Multifunction, solid performer - when it study
1	Easy to take beautiful pictures, simple to load onto a computer.
1	Easy to deal beautiful pictures, simple to load onto a estimator.
0	expensive accessories, prolonged flash when snapping pictures
0	expensive accessories, prolonged flash when snapping ikon
0	Bad Reception,Software Issues,Horrable Customer Care
0	Bad Reception,software Issues,Horrable Customer Care
0	Price, fees, frequent white-screen-of-death, battery life.
0	Price, fees, frequent white-screen-of-death, battery living.
0	No cables in box
0	No cablegram in box
1	price, ease of use
1	price, ease of employ
1	Speaker Phone, Color Screen, Size, Signal Strength
1	Speaker Phone, gloss Screen, Size, Signal Strength
1	rechargeable battery, zoom lens
1	rechargeable bombardment, zoom lens
1	Small, lightweight, easy to use
1	Small, lightweight, loose to use
1	User-Friendly, Audio/Video record, Stable Shot, Zoom
1	User-Friendly, Audio/Video immortalize, Stable Shot, Zoom
0	Steep learning curve
0	engulf learning curve
1	Great output, Quiet
1	Great output, lull
0	size, design and usability can be beat. Ridiculously expensive accessories.
0	size, purpose and usability can be nonplus. Ridiculously expensive accessories.
0	battery life
0	battery spirit
0	Battery Life sucks, takes long to charge for nuttin, not much talk time
0	Battery Life sucks, assume long to burden for nuttin, not much talk time
1	Phone wraps, style, phone book, Voice mail button, ease of use
1	Phone wraps, fashion, phone book, Voice mail button, ease of practice
1	Very good price for the features.  Especially the 3x optical zoom.
1	Very secure price for the characteristic.  Especially the 3x optical zoom.
1	Strong case, Flash, Easy to use, good software
1	Strong case, Flash, Easy to use, goodness software
1	Great graphics printing
1	capital graphics printing
1	 Space saving printer.Inexpensive.
1	 Space write printer.Inexpensive.
1	small size
1	small-scale size
1	Great colour screen that can be seen in daylight.
1	Great colourise screen that can be seen in daylight.
1	Light weight, great signal quality, awesome ring tones, headset connector, PC connectivity, speakerphone
1	luminance weight, great signal quality, awesome halo tones, headset connector, PC connectivity, speakerphone
1	Internet connectivity, good data storage, compatibility with palms and thier applications
1	internet connectivity, good data storage, compatibility with palms and thier coating
0	Ink Prices Are Crazy!
0	Ink terms Are Crazy!
1	prints 9 pages a minute,7.5 pages a minute in color
1	prints 9 pages a minute,7.v pages a minute in coloration
0	Hard to see screen in bright light.
0	Hard to see screen in bright loose.
1	-Low Cost, -LCD Display is very nice, quite clear
1	-Low Cost, -LCD Display is very nice, quite unclouded
0	Minor bugs in firmware.
0	youngster bugs in firmware.
1	portable, take it anywhere, just pop in and go
1	portable, take it anywhere, just pop in and tour
0	Battery consumption, lack of memory, inaccurate view finder.
0	Battery consumption, lack of memory, inaccurate catch finder.
1	Easy to Use, Software &amp;amp; Hardware
1	well-situated to Use, Software &amp;amp; Hardware
0	Proprietary charging plug, No clock while in call, Poor speaker phone
0	Proprietary shoot fireplug, No clock while in call, Poor speaker phone
0	Slippery, (easy to drop), menus are slow.  Feels somewhat flimsy.
0	Slippery, (gentle to drop), menus are slow.  Feels pretty flimsy.
1	great polyphonics
1	neat polyphonics
1	Great zoom capability
1	peachy zoom capability
1	Nice Styling and features
1	gracious Styling and features
1	Swivel design; picture quality; versatility
1	Swivel design; picture select; versatility
1	3.4 Megapixel (6.1 million megapixel interpolated images)  Interchangeable lenses, built in flash &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	3.foursome Megapixel (6.1 meg megapixel interpolated visualize)  Interchangeable lenses, built in flash &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	It's a brick, freezes regularly, screen on sunny days, serial connection
0	It's a brick, freezes regularly, screen on cheery Day, serial connection
0	not for printing
0	not for impression
1	it is lightweight, small and fair good print quality
1	it is lightweight, small and fair good mark quality
0	Too heavy to throw into the ocean
0	Too heavy to fox into the ocean
1	Low cost, good specs for the money.
1	Low cost, dependable specs for the money.
0	No serial connector.
0	No serial connective.
0	Casing is a dust magnet, not as quiet as you'd like for home use
0	Casing is a dust attractor, not as muted as you'd like for home use
0	Runs Through Ink Rather Quickly; 
0	play Through Ink Rather Quickly; 
0	read below
0	register below
1	many features &amp; good picture quality
1	many boast &amp; good picture quality
0	poor battery life; image quality is average
0	inadequate battery life; image quality is average
0	I'll let you know.
0	I'll let you experience.
0	phone can be complicated at times, disco lights only work with pre installed ringtones,
0	phone can be complicated at sentence, disco fall only work with pre installed ringtones,
0	Odd shape for purchasing carrying accessories
0	Odd shape for purchasing behave accessories
1	Price, image clarity, ease of use
1	Price, image clarity, ease of enjoyment
0	Poor low-light focusing.  Body too small for larger hands.  Flimsey feeling battery door.
0	Poor low-light focusing.  Body too small for great mitt.  Flimsey feeling battery door.
0	No color.
0	nobelium color.
1	Fast, good color, small margins.
1	riotous, good color, small margins.
0	I find the camera a little bulky and thus not &amp;quot;handy&amp;quot; when afield.  Otherwise, no complaints.
0	1 discovery the camera a piddling bulky and thus not &amp;quot;handy&amp;quot; when afield.  Otherwise, no complaint.
1	Color screen!!  Stylish, lightweight, compact, filled with neat features
1	Color filmdom!!  Stylish, lightweight, compact, filled with neat features
1	This phone can do mp3,FULL movies,and just about everything but cook you dinner.
1	This phone can do mp3,good movie,and just about everything but misrepresent you dinner.
0	text is grey
0	text is gray
0	battery hog, supplied card not big enough
0	battery squealer, supplied card not big enough
1	Size, durablity, tons of features!
1	Size, durablity, dozens of features!
0	flip face gives and squeaks loudly, which can be heard on other end; short life-span
0	flip face collapse and squeaks loudly, which can be heard on other terminal; forgetful life-span
0	Manual flash, location of screen on back.
0	Manual gaudy, location of screen on back.
0	hidden costs - buy rechargable batteries and a smart card
0	hidden costs - buy rechargable batteries and a smart board
0	eats batteries, difficulty downloading
0	eats batteries, difficulty download
0	size, some wierdness with switching between phone and Palm modes
0	size, some wierdness with trade between sound and Palm modes
0	Hard to read display, inconvenient volume control, illogical menu structure
0	backbreaking to read display, inconvenient volume control, unconnected menu structure
1	small, stylish, dualband GSM for world-wide use
1	small, stylish, dualband GSM for world-wide manipulation
1	It is phone, if you can get it to work.
1	It is phone, if you can bewilder it to workplace.
1	- good reception. I seem to get a signal on this phone where many other Verizon users get none. This  ...
1	- good reception. I seem to receive a signal on this phone where many other Verizon user have none. This  ...
0	A vinyl case would be a nice standard accessory.
0	A vinyl case would be a nice standard accoutrement.
1	Small size&#13;&#10;Many features
1	Small size&#thirteen;&#10;Many features
0	a little bulky,  lack of regular camera-style viewer
0	a lilliputian bulky,  lack of regular camera-style viewer
1	Voice activated dialing, many extra features, long battery life, small size
1	Voice activated dialing, many extra features, long battery life-time, minor size
1	High-Quality Print Output
1	High-Quality Print output
0	None!
0	none!
0	slow download time
0	behind download time
0	Only 2400 x 1200 dpi but for the price great.
0	Only 2400 ten 1200 dpi but for the price keen.
1	Size,image quality, usability, design
1	Size,image quality, usability, purpose
1	Great reception, Long battery life, Photo & video capabilities, Rotating camera lense
1	Great reception, long battery life, exposure & video capabilities, Rotating camera lense
1	Durable, easy to use, phone book
1	durable, easy to use, phone book
1	This is the coolest looking phone!
1	This is the coolest see phone!
0	Not quite compatible with all old accessories, battery life
0	Not quite compatible with all old accessories, bombardment life
1	Appearance, Print quality, paper handling. Cheap!
1	Appearance, Print quality, wallpaper handling. Cheap!
0	Upper color band weak.
0	Upper color stria weak.
1	lightweight, easy to carry, good features,user-friendly
1	lightweight, easy to carry, right features,user-friendly
0	heavy
0	dense
0	Battery life, range, screen size
0	Battery life, browse, screen size
1	cheap, handy, good entry to digital pics
1	flash, handy, good entry to digital pics
0	Needs a fair bit of light; no flash; manual focus
0	Needs a fair bit of illume; no flash; manual focussing
0	At times awkward, due to size
0	At times unenviable, due to size
0	Smaller phones available, the screen scratches easily.
0	Smaller phones available, the screen mark easily.
0	EVERYTHING
0	EVERYTHING
0	none
0	none
0	No lens cover
0	No lens screen
0	Cumbersome when folded, generally unhandy: steering, pushing, storage
0	Cumbersome when folded, generally unhandy: steering, pushing, memory
1	Clear!!!!
1	vindicated!!!!
1	internet saavy, thin, great signal, large screen, can do more than you will ever use
1	internet saavy, thin, dandy sign, large screenland, can do more than you will ever use
1	A great phone.
1	A cracking phone.
0	poor standard battery life
0	poor stock battery life
0	Speed and low (not for professional purposes) quality
0	Speed and low (not for professional propose) quality
0	No Vibrate Only Mode, Poor reception
0	No Vibrate lonesome Mode, Poor reception
0	Print cartridge (print head) died within a year.
0	Print cartridge (print headland) died within a year.
0	Prints slightly skewed (hard to notice), no USB connectivity
0	Prints slightly skewed (hard to observance), no USB connectivity
1	Lightweight; Excellent quality photos; easy link to pc
1	Lightweight; Excellent quality photos; easy nexus to pc
1	Nice and compact
1	Nice and covenant
1	Great reception. stylish, clarity of screen and pictures.
1	Great reception. stylish, clarity of screen and video.
0	Non-intuitive command structure and operation, cumbersome driving (hands free) driving mode, weak documentation.
0	Non-intuitive command structure and operation, cumbersome labour (hands liberal) driving mode, weak documentation.
1	Clarity, size, and design!
1	lucidity, size, and design!
1	Almost unlimited features in a tiny, colorful camera phone!
1	Almost unlimited boast in a tiny, colorful camera phone!
0	Terrible reception
0	dire reception
1	At least there is a rebate in case you already bought it!
1	At least there is a rebate in suit you already buy it!
1	Relatively small and compact.
1	Relatively small-scale and compact.
1	Nice software that came with it. Picture quality wasn't to bad when it would work.
1	Nice software that came with it. Picture prime wasn't to regretful when it would make.
0	limited service coverage area.
0	set service coverage area.
0	Noise
0	interference
0	2-megapixel, no Windows XP support, short battery-life, pokey connection, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no motion-capture.
0	2-megapixel, no Windows XP substantiate, short battery-life, gaol connective, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no motion-capture.
1	low maintenance cost
1	gloomy maintenance cost
0	Ringer not loud enough, keypad lock is a joke, can't find accessories, charging issues.
0	Ringer not flash enough, keypad whorl is a joke, can't find accessories, charging issues.
0	If durability is high on your list than this phone should not be.
0	If durability is mellow on your list than this headphone should not be.
1	Small, Good Beltclip, Good Service, WALKIE-TALKIE, BLue lights and Hott Customablity
1	Small, near Beltclip, Good Service, WALKIE-TALKIE, aristocratic lights and Hott Customablity
1	Excellent Print Quality
1	Excellent Print lineament
0	shutter lag time 
0	shutter imprison time 
1	Lightweight, color screen, flip top screen, looks cool
1	Lightweight, color screen, flip top screen, search cool
1	Many features.
1	many features.
1	Good optics and ergonomics, great price.
1	upright optics and ergonomics, great price.
1	Great Digital Camera for beginners.
1	big Digital Camera for beginners.
0	terrible vibration ring, cant even hear rings, HEAVY, piece of crap antenna
0	painful vibration ring, cant eventide hear rings, HEAVY, piece of crap antenna
1	2x optical zoom, LCD Screen, easy to use.
1	2x optical zoom, LCD Screen, easy to usage.
1	Print job and Ink level monitor
1	impress job and Ink level monitor
0	NONE
0	none
0	VERY SLOW INTERNET. Additional cost of Dial-Up. BIG, BIG PHONE! No vibrate ring alert.
0	VERY SLOW INTERNET. Additional cost of Dial-Up. BIG, liberal PHONE! No vibrate ring alarm.
0	Size, weight, price, availability, reception, the hours of teasing edured from co-workers.
0	Size, weight, price, handiness, reception, the hours of annoying edured from co-workers.
1	Overall print quality, ease of use, dual paper trays, auto paper sensing
1	Overall print quality, relief of use, dual composition trays, auto paper sensing
1	Very portable. Stylish, too!
1	identical portable. Stylish, too!
1	Easy to use
1	sluttish to use
0	See above
0	experience above
0	Changing the ink cartridges in and out for different tasks (color/b&amp;W)
0	Changing the ink cartridges in and out for different undertaking (color/B&amp;W)
0	Everything else.
0	Everything else.
1	Electronic Viewfinder Plus LCD, Excellent Fit/Grip, 8X Optical and Nikor Lens.
1	Electronic Viewfinder Plus LCD, fantabulous Fit/Grip, 8X opthalmic and Nikor Lens.
0	not color and no wap internet
0	not emblazon and no wap internet
0	see above
0	examine above
1	High quality photos.  Very Useful.  Great Close-ups.  I love this camera!  
1	High quality photos.  Very Useful.  large Close-ups.  I honey this camera!  
1	camera... only $30 w/ Sprint's special offer
1	camera... only $30 w/ Sprint's special tender
1	Vibrating Alert, Digital Service &amp; Caller I. D.
1	Vibrating zippy, Digital Service &amp; Caller I. D.
0	Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
0	Easy to severance/ wear charger design, phone freezes and remand at times
0	very hard to upload on to a pc
0	very surd to upload on to a pc
0	Naturally larger than average phone - don't buy if you don't need a PDA too.
0	Naturally larger than median phone - don't buy if you don't need a organiser too.
0	Antenna is flimsy
0	antenna is flimsy
1	Small and compact, good battery life, durable, voice dialing
1	Small and compact, expert battery life, durable, voice dialing
0	Cartridge-style charger, bad positioning of Driving Mode button
0	Cartridge-style charger, regretful positioning of Driving Mode button
0	Not as plush as some of the other strollers.
0	non as plush as some of the other strollers.
0	bad paper feeding
0	forged paper feeding
1	super high quality printings which are highspeed. Fast loading w\ choice of USB , 
1	super highschool quality printings which are highspeed. Fast payload w\ choice of USB , 
1	Easy to use, great pictures
1	Easy to use, swell pictures
0	Overall quality lacking, speaker phone needs work, voice-dial programming is lacking. Faulty screen
0	Overall choice lacking, speaker phone needs act, voice-dial programming is lacking. Faulty screen
0	prone to crashing
0	prone to bloody
1	easy to use,text messaging,camera phone
1	easy to use,textbook messaging,camera phone
1	All-in-one is handy, great price, great quality
1	All-in-one is handy, great price, heavy quality
0	wimpy 8MB compact flash card
0	wimpy 8MB compact flash plug-in
0	3.3m effective pixels, high price, missing some useful features
0	3.3m effective pixel, high price, absent some useful features
0	Ink cartridges are not ordinary and must be special ordered. 
0	Ink cartridges are not ordinary and must be particular govern. 
0	Battery life
0	Battery animation
1	MemoryStick format, USB connection, menu is easy to navigate, bright 2" LCD
1	MemoryStick format, USB connective, menu is easy to navigate, shiny 2" LCD
0	Could include carrying case...
0	Could include acquit case...
1	Easy to use, Works on a Windows or Macintosh Computer, comes with all cables.
1	Easy to habit, function on a Windows or Macintosh Computer, comes with all cables.
1	Seats removable for storage / transport, Seats interchangable, Carseat compatible
1	rear removable for storage / transport, Seats interchangable, Carseat compatible
0	none
0	none
0	poor images, poor user interface, poor software
0	poor double, poor user interface, poor software
0	Not mastered the zoom yet...oh ya..no video out...:(
0	Not overcome the zoom however...oh ya..no video out...:(
1	Relatively lightweight for a double stroller. Ease of use. Comfortable for the kids.
1	Relatively lightweight for a double stroller. Ease of function. Comfortable for the nestling.
1	Price.  Rebate = $30
1	cost.  Rebate = $30
0	Mediocre Support and Warranty, high ink costs, black ink sold separately, USB only.
0	Mediocre abide and guarantee, high ink costs, black ink sold separately, USB only.
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	Size, Clarity, blind Size, carry Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
0	Only connects with USB and has a rather large footprint
0	merely connects with USB and has a rather declamatory footprint
1	Affordable
1	low-priced
1	Great inside shots. Flash works well.
1	Great inside shots. dash works well.
0	loud ringer, weird menu setups
0	flash ringer, weird menu setups
1	easy to use
1	easygoing to use
0	Lacks certain features and the charge connection is not very durable.
0	Lacks certain features and the guardianship connection is not very long-lasting.
1	PDA portion worked well enough; bright screen, nice format.
1	PDA portion worked well decent; bright screen, nice format.
0	Phone heats up after long usage.
0	Phone heats up after long custom.
0	Extremely noisy, poor paper handling, uses ink quickly
0	Extremely noisy, poor report handling, uses ink quickly
1	Black finish, image quality, 5 megapixels.
1	pitch-black finish, image quality, 5 megapixels.
0	3x zoom. Flash is overwhelming at times.
0	3x zoom. photoflash is overwhelming at times.
1	3.1 megapixel, never need film again (process your own pictures), excellent user guide.
1	terzetto.1 megapixel, never need film again (process your own pictures), excellent user channelize.
1	Easy to see screen, sturdy build, solid reception.
1	Easy to see concealment, sturdy build, solid reception.
1	Excellent PDA and phone functions, nice design, very reliable.
1	Excellent PDA and phone functions, nice design, very true.
0	No calendar.
0	no calendar.
0	Short battery life, special camera battery (not AA's)
0	unforesightful battery life, special camera battery (not AA's)
1	Easy to set up, nevers jams, very fast, quiet, best value for the money
1	well-to-do to set up, nevers jams, very fast, tranquillity, best value for the money
0	It's tiny
0	It's petite
1	Easy to use, stylish, good picture quality, good price, good company.
1	Easy to use, stylish, effective exposure quality, good price, good company.
0	expensive, not that roomy for back rider
0	expensive, not that roomy for indorse rider
0	Poor keypad made daily use it's demise
0	Poor keypad made daily expend it's demise
0	none found
0	none determine
1	Size, look, durability and direct connect.
1	Size, look, durability and train connect.
0	Sometimes slow, and awkward
0	Sometimes dumb, and awkward
1	Excellent image quality, excellent low light images
1	Excellent image quality, excellent low light simulacrum
1	It's very portable and small
1	It's very portable and low
1	Ultra-compact, ultra-stylish, ultra-fun, ultra-everything
1	Ultra-compact, ultra-stylish, ultra-fun, ultra-everything
1	Many functions, cheap price
1	Many functions, bum price
0	Power button, minor software glitches, needs a bit more earpiece volume
0	Power release, minor software glitches, needs a bit more earpiece intensity
0	battery life, lack of standard(free) features
0	battery biography, lack of standard(free) features
0	It hasn't the programmable features of costlier printers.
0	It hasn't the programmable features of high-priced printers.
0	just alittle aquard
0	just alittle aquard
0	short battery life
0	short battery sprightliness
1	Great Size, Durable, Nice Screen, Comes with rechargeable battery
1	corking Size, Durable, Nice Screen, Comes with rechargeable battery
0	Read the body of my review
0	Read the body of my revaluation
1	Relatively inexpensive NiMh AA batteries can be used.  Good close ups.
1	Relatively cheap NiMh AA batteries can be used.  Good finis ups.
1	easily turns, my baby fits comfertably!
1	easily go, my baby fits comfertably!
1	Price, ease of use
1	Price, still of use
0	No camera case included.
0	No camera face included.
0	Low light picture quality poor, lens cap needs a retainer or a strap.
0	Low light picture timbre poor, Lens cap needs a retainer or a strap.
1	So many features, easy to use, great printing ability
1	So many have, easy to use, great printing ability
0	Listed in the review.
0	heel in the review.
1	Super cheap, super fast, brand name.
1	Super cheap, super fast, denounce name.
1	the only pro I can come up with is that the color screen is pretty
1	the only pro ace can number up with is that the colour screen is pretty
0	Unreliable, poor photo quality, annoying camera button location, Bluetooth connectivity problems.
0	Unreliable, poor photo choice, nettlesome camera button location, Bluetooth connectivity problems.
1	THE COLOR PICTURES ARE REALLY CLEAR AND TRUE! 
1	THE COLOR PICTURES comprise REALLY CLEAR AND TRUE! 
1	price
1	toll
1	slim, cool, high tech, easy to use, pink!
1	slim, cool, high tech, tardily to use, pink!
1	Under $200, Great Reception, No display to crack, No antenna to break or bend
1	under $200, Great Reception, No display to crack, No antenna to break or bending
1	discounted price. fantastic print quality, quiet, quick, EXCELLENT 
1	discounted price. fantastic print quality, quiet, ready, EXCELLENT 
0	Never prints in color.
0	Never prints in vividness.
0	Nothing.
0	zippo.
0	The 8 1/2 X 11 is the same price
0	The 8 single/2 go 11 is the same price
0	Red eye from flash, sometimes lose date &amp;amp; quality selection
0	cherry eye from scud, sometimes lose date &amp;amp; quality selection
1	Good quality, features, speed   - for an inkjet
1	unspoiled quality, features, speed   - for an inkjet
0	Might be a little slow sometimes. Has not polyphonic ringtones.
0	power be a little slow sometimes. sustain not polyphonic ringtones.
1	Gets you where you need to go, pivoting front wheels, 3 position adjustable seat
1	make you where you need to go, pivoting breast wheels, 3 position adjustable seat
1	mx-1200.it gives excellent pictures and very easy to use..a wonderful camera for the price.
1	mx-1200.it gives fantabulous pictures and very easy to enjoyment..a wonderful camera for the cost.
1	quality, ease of use
1	quality, allay of use
1	Portable,lightweight take it anywhere
1	Portable,lightweight claim it anywhere
1	lightweight, compact,very adequate flash,good tech support,no lens cap!
1	lightweight, concordat,very adequate blink,good tech support,no lens cap!
1	Small, Fairly Priced, Great Features
1	Small, clean Priced, Great Features
0	no USB, only 8MB included
0	no USB, only 8MB admit
0	uses a lot of battery power...but this is to be expected with digital equip.
0	employ a mint of battery mogul...but this is to be expected with digital equip.
0	I wish it had a better zoom, need to shoot movies in landscape
0	I wish it had a honorable zoom, need to charge movies in landscape
1	Cheap, easy to use, software included is good.  takes good 1.3 megapixel pictures. 
1	Cheap, easy to use, software included is good.  pack unspoilt 1.3 megapixel pictures. 
1	Prints beautiful pictures on expensive photo paper.
1	Prints beautiful film on expensive photo paper.
0	expensive, single band
0	expensive, single lot
1	Lightweight &amp; easy to hold.
1	Lightweight &ampere; easy to hold.
0	Serial only, 8MB smart media card is too small, must be careful closing the lens cover
0	Serial only, 8MB smart media card is too small, must be measured ending the lens underwrite
0	Weak zoom, standard battery life limited
0	Weak zoom, standard battery life set
1	True SLR, exceptional features,two types of storage media
1	True SLR, surpassing features,two types of storage media
1	small body, crisp images
1	small body, toast images
0	1) No Speakerphone
0	1) nobelium Speakerphone
0	hard to understand instructions
0	hard to understand didactics
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	Large size, small design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	Not the latest phone or technology.
0	Not the up-to-the-minute phone or technology.
1	Handling, ease of use, excellent quality
1	Handling, relieve of use, excellent quality
0	Haven't found any yet
0	Haven't ground any yet
0	little built-in memory, small Memory Stick provided, no EDGE support, ?durability of active slide
0	little built-in memory, pocket-size Memory Stick supply, no EDGE support, ?durability of active slide
0	some parts especially the antenna break often.
0	some parting especially the antenna break often.
0	Viewfinder not &amp;quot;true&amp;quot;, heavy LCD reliance.
0	Viewfinder not &amp;quot;true&ampere;quot;, big LCD reliance.
1	light weight, multi-options, great lens
1	light weight, multi-options, large lens
1	color screen, BREW
1	color test, BREW
0	Batteries Die Instantly Upon Use!
0	Batteries Die Instantly Upon utilisation!
1	Small size, great features, good quality
1	Small size, smashing features, good quality
1	Magnificent detail of printing, reasonable price, many features
1	Magnificent detail of printing, fair price, many features
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
1	Bluetooth, large emblazon screen and ample memory
1	Very nice pictures with faithful colors.  Great features too.
1	Very nice pictures with faithful colorize.  Great features too.
1	light weight, excellent phonebook, color changing backlight, good reception (depends somewhat on service provider)
1	easy weight, excellent phonebook, colourise changing backlight, good reception (depends somewhat on service provider)
1	This things flies!  Flawless text!  
1	This things fly!  Flawless text!  
0	Driver has no margin adjustment. 
0	Driver has no border adjustment. 
1	Small, durable design, 6x optical zoom, beautiful photo quality!
1	Small, durable design, 6x optical zoom, beautiful picture quality!
0	bulky and hard to handle when closed
0	bulky and hard to grip when closed
1	Incredible image quality, easy to use, comes with all the accessories, nice user manual
1	Incredible persona caliber, easy to use, comes with all the accessories, nice user manual
1	Great quality, speed, and professional looking.
1	Great select, speed, and professional looking.
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, Quick Time video with sound, light-weight and compact
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, fast Time television with sound, light-weight and compact
0	High Battery Drainage/Design of Carrying Case at On/Off Switch
0	High Battery Drainage/Design of post typeface at On/Off Switch
1	Fantastic camera, TC-E3ED teleconverter can shoot the moon, See below
1	wonderful camera, TC-E3ED teleconverter can shoot the moon, project below
0	Intermittent electrical problems, poor image quality.
0	Intermittent electrical trouble, poor image quality.
0	May be too small for some people, a bit expensive
0	May be too humble for some multitude, a bit expensive
0	Can't flip open with one hand. Scroll key scratches display when closed.
0	Can't pitch open with one hand. curlicue key scratches display when closed.
0	Not cheap; Full charge only last 2 hours
0	Not cheap; Full charge only go 2 hours
1	Ease of use, versatile
1	Ease of utilisation, versatile
0	I tis not a color Printer (Joking)Can't think of any
0	I tis not a colorize Printer (Joking)Can't recollect of any
1	Overall sound quality, durability, size, battery life, features, quality, price
1	Overall healthy quality, strength, size, battery life, features, quality, price
1	easy to handle, lighted buttons
1	well-to-do to handle, lighted buttons
1	Lots of options, great design
1	batch of options, great design
0	See Review Above
0	determine Review Above
0	Uses the 4 AA batteries up FAST!!, Camera is Heavy
0	Uses the 4 AA batteries up debauched!!, Camera is gravid
0	annoying noise when powering down after usage; drivers on disc conflicted with system
0	annoying noise when powering down after usage; drivers on disc contravene with scheme
1	Fantastic close-up capability.
1	marvellous close-up capability.
0	NONE!!!
0	none!!!
0	Battery life isn't great, BUT acceptable
0	Battery life isn't outstanding, BUT acceptable
0	hog battiers
0	hogget battiers
1	inexpensive yet fully functional
1	inexpensive yet fully running
1	Reasonable cost; easy to use; everything included in kit; Polaroid name; whole family can use; autoflash &amp;amp; self timer are nice features; can delete pictures immediately if you do not want to keep them; no film cost anymore; no waiting to see pictures
1	Reasonable cost; easy to enjoyment; everything included in kit; Polaroid name; whole kin can habit; autoflash &amp;amp; self timer are nice features; can delete scene immediately if you do not require to observe them; no film cost anymore; no await to see see
1	Small, inexpensive, faster than ink-jets
1	Small, inexpensive, immobile than ink-jets
0	The turning is not that easy
0	The wrench is not that easy
0	Noisy
0	noisy
0	Way too small, virtually irremovable battery, fragile.
0	path too small, virtually irremovable battery, fragile.
0	Two Cartridge system makes buying color cartridges expensive
0	Two Cartridge system score buying color cartridges expensive
1	easy to use software, great storage capacity, drag and drop file transfer
1	easy to use software, corking storage capacity, drag and drop file reassign
1	Durability, simplicity of use
1	Durability, simplicity of utilization
1	sleek, high tech looking, small
1	sleek, high tech looking, diminished
1	Cool design, IR port, solid address book UI, and long standard battery life.
1	Cool invention, IR port, solid reference book UI, and long standard battery life.
1	Inexpensive, Works as Camera, Video Camera and Web Camera.  Very Easy To Use
1	Inexpensive, Works as Camera, Video Camera and Web Camera.  Very tardily To role
0	limited resolution; flash
0	limited resolution; trice
0	Hard to Hold
0	Hard to keep
1	Cheap, decent quality
1	crummy, decent quality
0	Battery life is low and provided memory is not sufficient.
0	Battery life is downhearted and furnish memory is not sufficient.
1	Good functions, easy to use, fun wall papers.
1	Good functions, easy to use, fun wall newspaper.
1	vivid colors, astonishing picture quality and details, great design and ergonomics, USB
1	vivid colors, astonishing word-painting quality and details, great intent and ergonomics, USB
0	Would really benefit from a zoom lens
0	Would real benefit from a zoom lens
0	Ink cartridges small and slightly expensive.
0	Ink cartridges small and slenderly expensive.
1	Picture quality, Size, Durability
1	photograph quality, Size, Durability
1	small, lightweight, sleek, durable
1	pocket-sized, lightweight, sleek, durable
0	Pricey
0	costly
1	Speed, Durability, Ease of Use, Cost
1	Speed, Durability, Ease of habituate, Cost
1	Small, Lightweight, Dual-band, Easy read Menu, Voice activated dailing, Vibrating call alert
1	Small, Lightweight, Dual-band, easygoing read Menu, Voice activated dailing, Vibrating holler alert
1	easy to use, good price, great pictures
1	easy to use, good price, majuscule pictures
0	Headset fails easily, limited availability of accessories.
0	Headset fails easily, limited handiness of accessories.
1	Very cheap, Low cost if you use generic carts, Top Notch output on glossy paper...
1	Very tinny, downcast cost if you use generic carts, Top Notch output on slick paper...
1	Easy to use with great pictures
1	Easy to use with enceinte pictures
0	Night shots aren't the greatest.  Sony software is kinda weak.
0	nighttime shots aren't the greatest.  Sony software is kinda fallible.
1	New Options: Speakerphone, Voice Dialing & a Stronger Signal
1	New Options: Speakerphone, Voice Dialing & a Stronger signalise
1	Astounding Color, 7  Ink Tanks
1	Astounding colourise, 7  Ink Tanks
1	Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
1	seem nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real web Browser!
1	Being able to store so many photos on one cd.
1	Being able to depot so many photos on unrivalled cd.
0	Pulling to many pages at one time.  Not the best quality print.
0	Pulling to many pages at one time.  Not the salutary quality mark.
0	design
0	intention
0	No zoom, eats up standard batteries, LCD hard to see outside.
0	No zoom, eats up criterion batteries, LCD hard to meet outside.
0	poor ergonomics, uses smartmedia
0	hapless ergonomics, uses smartmedia
0	hard to see LCD screen outside, needs more zoom
0	hard to construe LCD screen outside, needs more zoom
1	Quality, Price, Durability, Ease of Use, Design, Brand Name, Wide market spread.
1	Quality, terms, Durability, Ease of Use, Design, firebrand Name, Wide market spread.
0	Silver buttons do not light up. Blue button lights would looks better than green also.
0	Silver buttons do not wakeful up. patrician push lights would looks better than green also.
0	No built in zoom
0	nobelium built in zoom
1	Little, Web enabled, PC connectivity, IR connection
1	minuscule, Web enabled, PC connectivity, IR connection
1	Very good 3.2MP camera at a wonderful price anyone can afford.
1	very soundly 3.2MP camera at a wonderful price anyone can afford.
0	No internal vibrator. Mediocre durability.
0	No internal vibrator. Mediocre enduringness.
0	Fragile earpiece, too many features to list
0	Fragile earpiece, too many features to inclination
1	QWERTY. Landscape. Fast. Built in Speakers. Feature Set.
1	QWERTY. Landscape. Fast. Built in Speakers. Feature determine.
1	The camera is okay
1	The camera is alright
0	Low internal memory
0	downcast internal memory
1	Weighs less than the average newborn; Folds easily
1	Weighs less than the average newborn; crimp easily
1	quick, quiet and cute
1	quick, hush and cute
1	Quiet, easy to use, and affordable.
1	Quiet, easy to enjoyment, and affordable.
1	Excellent quality in almost every area
1	Excellent quality in nearly every area
0	printed photos have low dpi - not great quality.
0	printed photos have low dpi - not great prime.
0	None
0	none
0	Power hug, low-light focusing leaves some to be desired, no firmware upgrades
0	mightiness hug, low-light focusing depart some to be desired, no firmware upgrades
1	Size, weight, and easy to use
1	Size, weight, and well-fixed to use
1	Small, durable, large phonebook volume, cool snap sound when closing
1	Small, durable, heavy phonebook volume, cool cracking sound when closing
0	short battery life, weak flash, no zoom
0	brusque battery life, weak flash, no zoom
1	Quality, quality, quality
1	Quality, quality, timbre
0	Battery life, too many sub-menus
0	Battery sprightliness, too many sub-menus
1	LARGE color screen, customizable wallpaper & ring-tones, sharp appearance.
1	LARGE distort screen, customizable wallpaper & ring-tones, sharp appearance.
0	High Cost Catridges
0	gamey Cost Catridges
0	Flash not too 'smart', software
0	heartbeat not too 'smart', software
1	Good Software feature
1	soundly Software feature
1	Hey, I got a great price on it
1	Hey, I become a great price on it
0	Bulky, price
0	Bulky, cost
1	Easy to use, quality photos, screen moves.
1	Easy to use, quality photos, sort moves.
1	Size, Style, features
1	Size, style, features
1	Great software, easy to use camera
1	Great software, easily to use camera
1	Easy to use, high quality
1	leisurely to use, high quality
0	Battery Life (Or Battery Death in this case), No Audio MPEG
0	Battery Life (Or barrage Death in this caseful), No Audio MPEG
1	price
1	terms
1	cute design and good sound quality, long battery life
1	cute project and good sound quality, long battery life
0	Not Web Enabled
0	Not vane Enabled
0	Body Glove cell case doesn't clip onto belt very well, Jabra plastic earpieces get lost easily
0	Body Glove cell case doesn't trim onto bang very well, Jabra plastic earpieces cause lost easily
1	Versatile, with good features for a real-world office situation.
1	Versatile, with good features for a real-world billet situation.
0	Movies can only be viewed with QuickTime
0	Movies can only be catch with QuickTime
0	no basket, doesn't fully recline and not as sturdy or comfy as the expensive brands
0	no handbasket, doesn't fully recline and not as tough or comfy as the expensive steel
1	Great functionality
1	heavy functionality
0	Delicate connector/Card Reader Needed
0	Delicate connector/menu Reader Needed
1	Cheap - Colors are Bright
1	Cheap - colour are Bright
0	Digital only, bad battery.
0	Digital only, big battery.
1	Versatility, convenience, simplicity
1	Versatility, convenience, restraint
1	solid construction, small size, ease of use
1	solid twist, small size, ease of use
1	Saves to floppy; good for those with older computers who don't have USB connections.
1	Saves to floppy; dear for those with older computers who don't have USB connexion.
1	FLOPPY DISK FOR EASY AND VERSATILE ACCESS, MPEG MOVIE FEATURE
1	FLOPPY DISK FOR loose AND VERSATILE ACCESS, MPEG film FEATURE
1	3.5 floppy download convenience
1	tercet.5 floppy download convenience
1	Powerful images. User Friendly. 
1	Powerful image. User Friendly. 
0	Poor contact management, can't feel keys, No IR port, Poor battery life with Bluetooth enabled
0	pitiable striking management, can't feel keys, No IR port, pitiable battery life with Bluetooth enabled
0	BATTERY LIFE STINKS, DURABILITY STINKS
0	BATTERY sprightliness STINKS, DURABILITY STINKS
1	Speed, price
1	hotfoot, price
0	No Optical Zoom, Cradle required to sync.
0	No Optical Zoom, provenance required to sync.
0	LCD position, SHOULD come with a case!
0	LCD stance, SHOULD come with a case!
1	Lightweight, 2-in-1, padded, easy storage, and many other things.
1	Lightweight, 2-in-1, padded, easygoing storage, and many other things.
1	Very durable, internal antenna, simple animation. Text message, email, even AOL Instant Messanger capable.
1	Very durable, internal antenna, simple animation. schoolbook content, email, even AOL Instant Messanger capable.
0	AC power and camera bag need to be purchased separately, too much camera for the casual user
0	AC ability and camera bag motive to be purchased individually, too much camera for the casual user
1	Superior print quality, cheaper ink
1	Superior print quality, flash ink
1	Beautiful color quality
1	Beautiful color tone
0	Envelope problems, thirsty for ink
0	gasbag problems, thirsty for ink
0	No extra features like text messaging, e-mail, or games.
0	No extra features corresponding text messaging, e-mail, or games.
0	A little pricey
0	A trivial pricey
0	Battery life, bad ring tones, hard to hear with background noise.
0	Battery life, bad call tones, hard to discover with background noise.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, good low end camera
1	Inexpensive, easy to practice, good low end camera
0	Bulky
0	bulky
1	Good speakerphone, sound is clear in digital land almost all of the time, tri-mode
1	estimable speakerphone, sound is clear in digital land nearly all of the time, tri-mode
0	non-standard battery, on/off switch can go on by accident
0	non-standard battery, on/off flip can expire on by accident
1	Long battery life, lots of features, real music ringtones, small
1	Long battery life, lots of features, actual music ringtones, lowly
0	very expensive, web feature is so slow as to be almost useless
0	very expensive, WWW feature is so slow as to be near useless
0	short battery life, quirky ObeyMoto voice recognition
0	poor battery life, quirky ObeyMoto voice recognition
0	clip that holds stroller closed is tough.
0	clip that keep stroller closed is tough.
0	photos could be better.
0	photos could be considerably.
0	funny keypad design, size is a little bigger
0	comic keypad design, size is a little bigger
1	Great close ups, TIFF mode, easy to use.
1	Great stuffy ups, TIFF mode, easy to use.
1	Power management is great.&#13;&#10;PalmOS with real web power.
1	Power management is peachy.&#13;&#10;PalmOS with literal web power.
0	No red eye reduction
0	No red middle reduction
0	Wet ink smears and spoils prints if you touch too soon.  Slows computer down.  Noisy.
0	loaded ink smears and baffle prints if you concern too soon.  Slows computer down.  Noisy.
0	Could provide better/easier software, have to buy a/c adapter separately.
0	Could provide intimately/easier software, have to buy a/c arranger separately.
1	good software/ easy install/can be found cheap.
1	dependable software/ easy install/can be found cheap.
0	may not be the newest or fastest 
0	may not be the newest or dissolute 
0	WAS EXPENSIVE,NOT ANY MORE IT NOW COSTS $179.00.....
0	exist EXPENSIVE,NOT ANY MORE IT forthwith COSTS $179.00.....
1	Fast, responsive, relatively easy to learn and use. 
1	Fast, responsive, relatively sluttish to learn and use. 
0	Can be complicated to find some functions. 16M xD card is too small.
0	rump be complicated to find some use. 16M xD card is too small.
1	Looks nice, works well for a while.
1	Looks nice, operate well for a while.
1	affordable,easy to use,fast,reliable
1	affordable,sluttish to use,fast,reliable
1	Fast Color printer Great Picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Both USB and IEEE Ports
1	Fast discolor printer Great Picture caliber&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Both USB and IEEE larboard
0	colors aren't always perfect, LCD screen can be deceptive, only records a maximum of 60 seconds worth of video
0	colors aren't always perfect, LCD screenland can be deceptive, only immortalise a maximum of 60 back worth of video
1	Easy to use feature loaded.
1	easy to use feature loaded.
0	The only fault is having to download to your computer.
0	The only flaw is having to download to your figurer.
1	Small, Fantastic Pictures, Bright LCD, Easy to use!
1	Small, Fantastic visualise, Bright LCD, Easy to use!
1	Small, great reception, outer ID screen, variable vibrate alert &#13;&#10;
1	Small, groovy reception, outer ID screen, variable vibrate alarum &#13;&#10;
1	Easy, very portable, has everything I need
1	Easy, very portable, has everything unity need
0	Face of phone small, a little hard to read
0	Face of telephone small, a little hard to read
1	Killer prints especially on Photo Paper
1	Killer prints especially on picture Paper
1	Bluetooth, calendar with IR sync to Outlook (or other computer calendars), multiple call handling.
1	Bluetooth, calendar with IR sync to Outlook (or other computer calendar), multiple forebode handling.
1	Size.  Size.  Size.
1	Size.  size.  Size.
1	Image quality.  Ability to use Nikon lenses.  Options.
1	Image quality.  Ability to employment Nikon lenses.  Options.
0	Large Screen Size, Monochromatic Screen, NO downloadable ringtones
0	Large Screen Size, homochromatic Screen, NO downloadable ringtones
1	Screen, BlueTooth,Size, Price
1	screen, BlueTooth,Size, Price
0	Slow Color Printing, Ink Use
0	Slow semblance Printing, Ink Use
0	No analog Roaming
0	No analog cast
0	No Sound When Doing Video Clips (But Then Again, It's A Camera), Small LCD
0	No well-grounded When Doing Video Clips (But Then Again, It's A Camera), little LCD
1	good zoom features, on the fly editing in-camera, Polaroid printing feature
1	dear zoom features, on the fly redact in-camera, Polaroid printing feature
0	The cartridge gets clogged easily and it costs just as much as the printer
0	The cartridge drive clogged well and it costs just as much as the printer
0	Chronically misfeeds
0	inveterate misfeeds
1	beautiful, saturated color, zero or low  noise, standard flash  sync,  ease of photographic controls
1	beautiful, saturated colorise, nix or low  noise, standard flash  sync,  ease of photographic controls
0	Manual instructions need time to read, eats batteries
0	Manual instructions need clip to read, eats batteries
0	Expensive
0	expensive
0	horrible connectors for power and synch - with lights off almost impossible to connect.
0	horrible connectors for superpower and synch - with illuminate off almost impossible to connect.
1	Beautiful text and graphics; easy to use.
1	Beautiful schoolbook and graphics; easy to use.
0	Juttada
0	Juttada
1	Compact, light, easy to use
1	Compact, illumine, easy to use
1	Fast and affordable; with a proper paper tray
1	Fast and affordable; with a right paper tray
0	Ink cartridge refills cost higher than normal
0	Ink cartridge refills cost mellow than normal
1	Light, plush, durable
1	twinkle, plush, durable
0	Flimsy paper trays.
0	Flimsy wallpaper trays.
1	Convenient size. Loud speakerphone. Nice keypad. Color screen.
1	Convenient size. tatty speakerphone. Nice keypad. Color screen.
1	It prints great detail in my pictures
1	It prints corking detail in my pictures
0	Battery life, no roaming
0	Battery life, no vagabond
0	Reliability, usefulness, customer support.
0	Reliability, usefulness, customer funding.
1	small, easy to use, cheap
1	low, easy to use, cheap
0	color can be tricky to get right on
0	color can be tricky to arrive right on
0	Much less battery life than promised.
0	often less battery life than promised.
0	Built a but flimsy, will crack a bit if dropped (even in a case).  That is the ONLY reason why I am rating this a 4.
0	Built a but flimsy, will first-rate a snatch if dropped (even in a case).  That is the lone ground why I am valuation this a 4.
0	paper feed problems
0	theme feed problems
0	The side keys are a bit too sensitive and it is a bit bulky.
0	The side paint are a turn too sensitive and it is a bit bulky.
0	upgraded ink cartridges can get expensive
0	upgraded ink cartridges can sustain expensive
0	no zoom lens
0	no soar lens
1	14x zoom, easy to use, great photos
1	14x zoom, well-situated to use, great photos
0	Uncanny hardware problem.  Cannot focus well in dark light or close-up.
0	uncanny hardware problem.  Cannot focus well in dark luminosity or close-up.
1	nice feature set, swivel view finder
1	nice feature bent, swivel view finder
1	Size, build quality, battery life, LCD features, clarity!
1	Size, form quality, battery life, LCD features, clarity!
1	Easy to use - fun at first
1	Easy to role - fun at first
1	The appearance is it's greatest asset. Reception and clarity are also good.
1	The appearing is it's greatest asset. Reception and clarity are also full.
0	Overpriced ink cartridges, slow
0	Overpriced ink cartridges, slowly
0	not a lot of storage, 
0	not a lot of storehouse, 
1	All you need in one box.
1	All you motivation in one box.
0	Low battery life, sub par software
0	blue battery life, sub par software
1	2400x1200!!  Feature packed
1	2400x1200!!  Feature jam
0	cannot receive two radio signals at once
0	cannot receive ii radio signals at once
1	Excellent printer hardware and software.  
1	Excellent printer hardware and package.  
0	You have a good chance of getting a dud phone (see review)
0	You have a unspoiled chance of getting a dud phone (visualise review)
1	lots of useful options
1	plenty of useful options
0	Battery life is definitely sufficient, yet not exceptional.
0	Battery life is definitely sufficient, notwithstanding not exceptional.
0	No carrying case
0	No carrying sheath
0	Flash too bright. Bad quality, blurry pictures. Slow download (takes up battery life). 
0	trice too bright. Bad quality, blurry pictures. dull download (takes up battery life). 
0	short battery life, small size makes it hard for large hands to use.
0	little battery life, small size makes it surd for large hands to use.
0	The CR-V3 batteries cost a lot, flash isn't very powerful
0	The CR-V3 batteries cost a slew, cheap isn't very powerful
0	Noisy when loading, Low memory
0	Noisy when loading, abject memory
0	Eats batteries - though this largely depends on battery. buy rechargeable with recharger
0	Eats bombardment - though this largely calculate on battery. buy rechargeable with recharger
0	Big, No USB compatibility with WIN95
0	liberal, No USB compatibility with WIN95
0	Get an AC Adapter or get a USB Smartmedia Reader
0	develop an AC Adapter or pose a USB Smartmedia Reader
0	initial price
0	initial toll
0	Games, you can only personalize ring tones by groups-not individuals, battery charging.
0	Games, you can only personalize ring tonicity by groups-not individuals, battery send.
1	Lots of features.  A good value for money in 4-Mega-pixel group.
1	band of features.  A near value for money in 4-Mega-pixel group.
1	Durable, easy to use. Large readable buttons. Flip-style easy to shut off.
1	Durable, easy to employment. large readable buttons. Flip-style easy to shut off.
1	pics;video;testing;extra service numbers
1	pics;video;testing;extra serving numbers
0	Not that reliable
0	non that reliable
1	EVF, ergonomics, in-camera editing features, flexibility, 
1	EVF, ergonomics, in-camera editing features, flexibleness, 
1	Great pic quality, lots of features and small enough for a pocket, very durable
1	Great pic calibre, bunch of features and small enough for a pocket, very durable
1	Cute, cute, CUTE stroller with no ugly plastic wheels!  
1	Cute, cute, CUTE pram with no ugly plastic wheels!  
0	Short standby battery life, Unable to d/l ringtones &/or screen savers, too small
0	scant standby battery life, Unable to d/l ringtones &/or screen savers, too minor
1	Easy to use; relatively inexpensive; quality pretty good; wonderful customer service
1	Easy to use; relatively inexpensive; tone pretty good; wonderful customer help
0	Wow what a rip off
0	howler what a rip off
1	Small, very clear voice quality, comfortable to use, nice display, very stylish.
1	small-scale, very clear voice timbre, comfortable to use, nice display, very stylish.
1	Decent Price, Ink Meter view when printing. Good black print quality 
1	nice terms, Ink Meter view when printing. Good black print quality 
1	Small (relatively), sleek, lightweight -- a real eye turner
1	Small (relatively), flowing, lightweight -- a real eye turner
0	speed of printing
0	speed of publish
1	flip-phone, external caller ID, GSM America
1	flip-phone, outside caller ID, GSM America
1	Trust in the name and price
1	Trust in the name and Price
0	either a black or a color ink cartridge in at a time
0	either a black or a colouration ink cartridge in at a sentence
0	Delayed Setup; Need To Buy Accessories
0	detain Setup; Need To Buy Accessories
1	Good quality reproduction without smearing or blotching.
1	Good quality breeding without smearing or blotching.
1	Print preview saves from printing headaches!  Fast.  Print DOUBLE SIDED
1	publish preview deliver from printing headaches!  Fast.  Print DOUBLE SIDED
1	Compact, light, good sound, many features, VOICE RECOGNITION!, nice
1	Compact, light, good sound, many features, VOICE RECOGNITION!, squeamish
1	small, stylish, easy to use, handy
1	pocket-sized, stylish, easy to use, handy
0	Big size compared to compact pocket cameras, expensive but still a value in its class.
0	freehanded size compared to compact pocket cameras, expensive but ease a value in its grade.
1	can look at photos on camera, basic digital camera, good for beginners
1	can look at photo on camera, staple digital camera, good for beginners
1	Good Printquality, Easy Setup, speed
1	Good Printquality, wanton Setup, speed
1	Good, Solid Performer, Very Easy to Use
1	honest, Solid Performer, Very Easy to Use
1	Does everything well.
1	coiffure everything well.
0	no internal memory, not impressed with included software.
0	no internal memory, not instill with included software.
0	Dated, 2-line display, not great with US networks, no "fun" extras
0	Dated, 2-line display, not great with America networks, no "fun" supernumerary
1	Quality construction, Pocketable, Beautiful Styling
1	Quality construction, pocket-sized, Beautiful Styling
0	slightly bulky; features can be overwhelming at first
0	slightly bulky; feature can be overwhelming at first
1	10X zoom , feature-laden
1	10X soar , feature-laden
0	Eats up the batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Needs more than a 2.5 zoom
0	Eats up the battery&amp;#13;&amp;#tenner;Needs more than a 2.pentad zoom
0	Eats batteries.. but hello... so do all digital cameras!!!
0	eat batteries.. but hello... so do all digital cameras!!!
1	small size, no annoying antenna, includes vibrating battery
1	small size, no annoying antenna, includes hover battery
1	High speed, Photo quality print
1	High velocity, Photo quality print
0	slow, loud, quick to use ink
0	decelerate, loud, quick to use ink
0	*no full screen on front
0	*no fully screen on front
1	Ajudstable Seat And top brakes on the wheels, Pocket for stuff, Folds
1	Ajudstable backside And top brakes on the cycle, Pocket for stuff, Folds
0	Top-loading paper feed.
0	Top-loading paper fee.
1	Very lightweight, easy-to-see-in-the-dark blue backlight, features pretty decent, easy 'pocket' phone
1	Very jackanapes, easy-to-see-in-the-dark blue backlight, features pretty decent, slowly 'pocket' phone
1	easy to fold, narrow
1	easy to faithful, narrow
1	small, lightweight, easy to use, XPress-on color covers
1	small, lightweight, wanton to use, XPress-on color covers
1	Great features...color display, voice dialing, great rings........low price.
1	Great features...color display, voice dialing, cracking rings........gloomy price.
1	Radio, Camera, Games, Customizable, Cool Design!
1	Radio, Camera, Games, Customizable, Cool contrive!
0	Battery, software, surface, durability.
0	Battery, software, coat, durability.
0	Pictures are not that great in low light
0	Pictures are not that great in low lightheaded
1	Easy to use and you will like the results
1	Easy to use and you will corresponding the results
0	Dim Lights
0	Dim perch
0	very expensive for a piece of junk
0	very expensive for a while of junk
0	Small memory card included, advanced features require more time to learn
0	Small memory placard included, advanced features involve more time to learn
1	snapshots, instant preview/review
1	snapshots, instant preview/reexamine
0	only ships with colour cartridge, small expensive cartridges
0	only transport with colour cartridge, small expensive cartridges
0	technical support
0	technical backup
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	Watch that bombardment strength if you use Bluetooth.
1	Good if you want to give your kids a camera
1	expert if you want to return your kids a camera
0	a lot of features to learn
0	a lot of features to acquire
1	Superb resolution quality images, good price, USB, panorama, up to ISO 400
1	Superb resolution quality figure, just price, USB, panorama, up to ISO 400
0	HARD TO FIND ONE
0	severe TO FIND ONE
1	Beautiful picture quality, great on batteries and an EXCELLENT cam for the price!
1	Beautiful delineation quality, swell on batteries and an EXCELLENT cam for the price!
0	no optical zoom, small buttons
0	no optic zoom, small buttons
0	3-hour talk time.
0	3-hour talk metre.
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	expectant screen for a cell, good battery life, top display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	good features, great pics
1	beneficial features, great pics
0	High capacity compact flash cards are a little steep in price.
0	gamy capacity compact shoot cards are a little steep in price.
1	Size, voice dialing capability, accessories
1	Size, vocalization dialing capability, accessories
0	Will not fit in the truck of an Escort
0	Will not tally in the truck of an Escort
1	Fast, Quiet, other things
1	firm, Quiet, other things
1	great price, easy to use, great pictures
1	great price, easy to function, great pictures
1	Small, Metal
1	minuscule, Metal
1	Good for basic calling functions.
1	Good for basic calling map.
1	decent printer for the price
1	right printer for the price
1	picture quality, ease of use, clear LCD screen, compact, durable-even when wet.
1	delineation quality, ease of use, clear LCD blind, compact, durable-even when wet.
1	Impressive features that are much needed for the advanced amateur.
1	Impressive have that are much needed for the win amateur.
0	BATTERY LIFE COULD BE A LITTLE BETTER
0	BATTERY LIFE COULD BE A little BETTER
1	Good for the price
1	right for the price
0	there is no face plate
0	there is no case plate
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
1	Voice commands are very handy while driving.
1	voice commands are very handy while driving.
0	Slight shutter lag time.
0	Slight shutter slowdown time.
1	Handles beautifully, lightweight
1	cover beautifully, lightweight
0	Each Color is Individual
0	Each Color is mortal
1	Cheap Reliable
1	Cheap authentic
0	BATTERY CONSUMPTION!!!! Too long saving images to card.
0	BATTERY CONSUMPTION!!!! Too long saving effigy to card.
1	One hand foldability, pneumatic tires, useable with infant seats to 50lb children, adjustable handle.
1	One paw foldability, pneumatic tires, useable with infant seats to 50lb tiddler, adjustable handle.
1	1200X2400 dpi, 10ppm color, dual side printing
1	1200X2400 dpi, 10ppm color, double side printing
1	light; folds easily; sturdy; good height, also for men; smooth roller
1	illuminate; folds easily; sturdy; adept height, also for men; smooth roller
1	Fast, fairly low cost
1	Fast, fairly low-down cost
1	Small, I like that
1	minor, I like that
1	Outdoor shots, ease of use, size, ZOOM, Included TV connector
1	Outdoor nip, simpleness of use, size, ZOOM, Included TV connector
0	Bad reception, not durable, home charger doesn't work
0	Bad reception, not durable, abode charger doesn't work
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
0	obtuse, poor quality, poor paper feed
0	Noisy. Slow. Expensive to run. Software problems galore. 
0	Noisy. Slow. Expensive to endure. Software problems galore. 
0	NONE
0	none
1	excellent reception-never drops a call,easy to carry and cofortable keypad.
1	excellent reception-never cliff a scream,easy to carry and cofortable keypad.
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, nice color prints
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, nice coloration prints
0	short battery life, poor resolution, no&amp;#13;&amp;#10;customer service, badly constructed
0	short-change bombardment life, poor resolution, no&amp;#13;&amp;#10;customer service, badly constructed
1	Small, handsome, light easy to use and program, lots, and lots of features.
1	pocket-sized, handsome, weak easy to use and program, lots, and lots of features.
1	Simple to start using, easy download, advanced photo techniques, long battery life if LCD isn't used
1	wide-eyed to pop using, easy download, upgrade photo techniques, long battery life if LCD isn't used
1	Extremely sharp photos.  Easy to use after you become familiar with it.
1	super astute photos.  Easy to use after you become familiar with it.
1	$20 phone and it very easy to use
1	$20 phone and it very promiscuous to use
0	no AC adapter, no case to protect lens, only 2 MB to store pictures
0	no AC adapter, no type to protect lens, only II MB to store pictures
0	not much basket room, does not recline
0	not much basket board, does not recline
1	Good print quality, nice fax features
1	Good print quality, nice fax lineament
0	Joystick is a little frustrating and face plate chips easily
0	Joystick is a little scotch and face plate fleck easily
1	1200 dpi&amp;#13;&amp;#10;microfine toner
1	1200 dpi&amp;#xiii;&amp;#10;microfine toner
0	Ink cartridges -cost to much and frequently be replaced
0	Ink cartridges -cost to much and frequently be supercede
1	Feature-packed, easy to use, nice software suite
1	Feature-packed, easy to expend, nice software suite
1	Solid-build, great imaging, familiar canon interface, 1.6x effective focal length gives great telephoto!
1	Solid-build, heavy imaging, familiar canon interface, 1.6x effective focal distance gives great telephoto!
0	ring tones and games are only saved on the phone,
0	ring look and games are only spare on the phone,
1	Light, very thin, easy to use, stylish, long battery life, Great Reception
1	unclouded, very thin, easy to use, stylish, long battery life, large Reception
0	Lagging menus, niggling software flaw, no bluetooth
0	Lagging menus, fiddling software flaw, no bluetooth
1	high quality small
1	high quality lowly
1	Best image for under $1000
1	skillful image for under $1000
0	Reliability?
0	dependableness?
0	Floppy Disk Adapter NOT AVAILABLE
0	Floppy platter Adapter NOT AVAILABLE
1	Ease of use, installation, size, price.
1	Ease of habituate, installation, size, price.
1	Very sharp, clear image. Fast shots on moving objects. Un-limited video clips. Sharp night shots.
1	Very sharp, illuminate image. Fast shots on moving objects. Un-limited video curtail. Sharp night barb.
0	I go through cartridges quickly
0	I ecstasy through cartridges quickly
0	features limited and not VCAST compatible
0	features modified and not VCAST compatible
1	Features, ISP access, All in One Convenience.
1	Features, ISP access, All in unmatchable Convenience.
1	Great color and text.
1	smashing color and text.
0	poor low light quality
0	poor low-spirited light quality
1	cheap price.......
1	tawdry price.......
0	12 - 15 pictures per floppy, but worth it!
0	12 - 15 picture per floppy, but worth it!
1	Very simple to use, software is pretty self explanatory.
1	Very simple to use, software is passably self explanatory.
0	Wide angle not wide enough, no external flash, 16MB memory not enough, battery life. 
0	all-encompassing angle not wide enough, no external gaudy, 16MB memory not enough, battery life. 
1	fast, quiet, IR, great quality
1	fast, quiet, IR, great caliber
1	Double sided printing
1	Double side printing
0	questionable reliability, short ink cartridge life span
0	questionable reliability, short ink cartridge life traverse
1	design, weight, reception
1	intent, weight, reception
0	drinks ink like a fish.
0	drinks ink similar a fish.
1	Plastic case, durable, long battery life.
1	Plastic case, durable, long battery lifespan.
1	Great user interface; great features
1	Great user interface; smashing features
0	pricey
0	pricy
1	Lightweight, nice colors
1	Lightweight, nice gloss
0	Battery consumption, inability for macro close-ups, tiny feature buttons
0	Battery use, inability for macro close-ups, tiny feature buttons
0	Noisy, sometimes color correction features do not work properly. 
0	Noisy, sometimes color correction features do not shape properly. 
1	Long battery life, easy to use
1	Long battery life, well-situated to use
0	terrible quality, etc.
0	terrible prize, etc.
0	Small Basket,canopy window placement
0	pocket-sized Basket,canopy window placement
1	good looking, large information reserves volume
1	good looking, bombastic information reserves volume
0	None whatsoever
0	None any
0	No good ring types, occasional echo effect
0	No proficient ring types, occasional echo effect
1	Good reception, long battery life, lightweight
1	Good reception, long barrage life, lightweight
1	cost, picture quality, numerous features (like flash options etc)
1	cost, photo quality, numerous features (like flash options etc)
0	Shape too thick, needed repair
0	Shape too thick, needed recompense
0	Thumbstick, Scratching Screen, Slow Interface
0	Thumbstick, cancel Screen, Slow Interface
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic palpate, disabled Bluetooth file channelise, weak camera
0	Manual needs some improvement.
0	Manual pauperism some improvement.
1	Quality print, relatively fast, duplex included, GREAT photos!
1	Quality print, relatively fast, duplex included, great photos!
1	good for its time
1	upright for its time
1	Camera, trendy-cool features, solid reception, small form factor
1	Camera, trendy-cool features, solid reception, small physique factor
1	Superior quality
1	Superior character
1	Size, Weight, Style, Blue lights, very very slick
1	Size, Weight, Style, gamey lights, very very slick
1	Sturdy, Easy to open and close, Convenient
1	Sturdy, light to open and close, Convenient
1	Pictures, video, sound, text and email messaging with these attachments, internet browsing.  Unbelieveable!!!
1	video, video, level-headed, text and email messaging with these attachments, internet browsing.  Unbelieveable!!!
0	Flimsy, flimsy!  Both screens have gone out twice in the last 6 months...
0	Flimsy, flimsy!  Both riddle have plump out twice in the last 6 months...
1	Easy to install.  Quiet! Excellent printing quality.
1	well-fixed to install.  Quiet! Excellent printing quality.
1	Small, feels solid, takes good pictures, and hey, lets admit it, it just looks cool.
1	Small, feels solid, takes adept pictures, and hey, lets admit it, it just looking assuredness.
1	works with the touch of a button
1	employment with the touch of a button
0	As a phone, it is useless.
0	As a sound, it is useless.
1	sharp pictures, great prints, easy to use, compact size
1	sharp pictures, great prints, easy to exercise, compact size
0	Replacement ink cartridges are expensive
0	permutation ink cartridges are expensive
1	Good reception, speakerphone, FM radio, familiar user interface, vibrate with ringtone, java.
1	Good response, speakerphone, FM radio, familiar user interface, resonate with ringtone, java.
1	Low cost, Good Print quality
1	Low cost, full Print quality
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
1	receipt rocks, sluttish interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
1	Overflowing with features.  Small and compact, almost forget you have it.
1	Overflowing with sport.  Small and compact, well-nigh forget you have it.
0	No universal baby seat bar so you have to use their inferior seat.
0	No universal baby bottom taproom so you have to use their inferior seat.
0	not one bad thing about it.
0	not peerless bad thing about it.
0	None
0	none
1	Maneuvers well, very good turning ration AND looks great
1	Maneuvers well, very good grow ration AND looks great
1	compact, snub antenna, good sound, color display, built-in camera, nice looking phone
1	compact, snub antenna, proficient sound, colourise display, built-in camera, nice looking phone
0	Needs improvement on certain areas.
0	take improvement on certain areas.
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	vocalize recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
0	A bit flimsy
0	a bit flimsy
0	Pics of my finger, digital zoom
0	Pics of my fingerbreadth, digital zoom
0	none
0	none
0	mic gets dirty easy, camera pics not so good.
0	mic gets dirty easy, camera pics not so soundly.
0	You might forget you have it on.
0	You power forget you have it on.
0	lacks advanced feature, only 2.1 megapixels, only 2x optical zoom
0	lacks advanced lineament, only 2.1 megapixels, only 2x optical surge
1	good picture quality, low price
1	upright picture quality, low price
1	Ease of use, picture quality, decent software provided.
1	relieve of use, picture quality, decent software provided.
0	Software.  Cheap build quality.
0	Software.  Cheap anatomy quality.
0	isn't voice activated, maybe a little heavy compared to newer phones
0	isn't representative activated, maybe a little heavy compared to newer earpiece
0	none!
0	none!
1	Lightweight and Stylish, Great Clarity, Durable
1	Lightweight and Stylish, Great Clarity, perdurable
0	Small, can easily get lost
0	low, can easily get lost
0	none so far
0	none so Interahamwe
1	Size does matter
1	sizing does matter
0	Constant disc errors-lost photos, large clumsy camera, poorly positioned buttons, bad for active photographers
0	Constant disc errors-lost photos, heavy clumsy camera, poorly positioned buttons, risky for active photographers
0	Camera is expensive and pictures less sharp than 35 millimeter film
0	Camera is expensive and pictures less needlelike than 35 millimetre film
0	a little hard to open/close
0	a little hard to out-of-doors/close
1	Supposedly fast prints*, photo-quality rated**, nice software***
1	Supposedly fast prints*, photo-quality rated**, overnice software***
0	None yet found.
0	None yet detect.
0	Need for extra accessories
0	Need for surplus accessories
1	Speaker phone is nice.
1	loudspeaker phone is nice.
1	Small, light, navigable menu system, good battery life
1	Small, abstemious, navigable menu system, good battery life
1	great camera for the money
1	big camera for the money
0	Durability, reception, picture quality, speed dial
0	Durability, reception, image quality, speed dial
1	High quality
1	gamy quality
0	Difficult to close with basket attached. Not very good in securing child. 
0	Difficult to close with basket attached. Not very commodity in batten child. 
0	The flash is always on, flash in big rooms not sufficient
0	The jiffy is always on, flash in vauntingly rooms not sufficient
0	Optical view finder is not that great, not fast enough for sports pictures.
0	Optical view finder is not that big, not fast enough for skylark pictures.
1	works with xp, easily adjustable for paper thickness, perfect print quality both text and photo
1	mould with xp, easily adjustable for paper thickness, perfect impress lineament both text and photo
0	doesn't print in color but I don't use color
0	doesn't print in color but I don't use coloration
0	NEC Support sucks
0	NEC Support blow
0	Painted silver housing.
0	Painted silvern housing.
1	Motorola durability, signal strength
1	Motorola durability, signal persuasiveness
1	So tiny and portable.  Easy.  Durable.   Makes short movies.  Quality seems better than 2 Megapixel.
1	So tiny and portable.  Easy.  Durable.   urinate short movies.  Quality seems amend than ii Megapixel.
1	Sleek, Feature-rich, Stylish, Easy to use, extra battery
1	Sleek, Feature-rich, Stylish, light to use, extra battery
1	Low price. Decent quality prints. Good software bundle. Dependable.
1	Low price. Decent prime prints. Good software bundle. Dependable.
1	Great clarity, good feel too phone
1	Great clearness, good feel too phone
1	Good print quality on the first two prints. That's it!!!
1	upright print quality on the first two publish. That's it!!!
0	As with all digitals, use of the LCD kills batteries
0	As with all digitals, enjoyment of the LCD down batteries
1	Package deals make it more affordable.
1	Package slew make it more affordable.
1	Very quiet, great prints, nice software package included
1	Very quiet, slap-up prints, nice software package included
0	Battery drainer
0	bombardment drainer
0	Battery usage(without AC adapter), Zoom is not great.
0	Battery usage(without AC adapter), Zoom is not outstanding.
1	Free, Ink lasts, easy use and configuration
1	liberate, Ink lasts, easy use and configuration
1	Inexpensive/Fairly easy to operate/Informative help on-line
1	Inexpensive/Fairly gentle to operate/Informative help on-line
1	Able to adjust washout.  Great for familys with fair skinned children 
1	Able to adjust washout.  bully for kinsfolk with fair skinned children 
1	Takes great pictures
1	hire great pictures
1	Color screen, good battery life, polyphonic ring tones, camera included
1	Color screen, undecomposed battery life, polyphonous ring tones, camera included
1	Low price
1	moo price
1	3 minute voice recorder, voice functions, large screen, multiple profiles, good calculator.
1	threesome minute voice recorder, voice functions, magnanimous screen, multiple profiles, good calculator.
0	noisy, big
0	noisy, vauntingly
1	take good picture ; 4 R printing looks good.
1	take salutary picture ; 4 R printing looks good.
0	The battery charger is flimsy; no clock.
0	The battery charger is onionskin; no clock.
0	Expensive, goes through ink pretty fast
0	Expensive, die through ink pretty fast
1	ease of use, great software
1	ease of consumption, great software
0	As with most color inkjet printers HP's are a bit on the pricey side.
0	as with most color inkjet printers HP's are a bit on the pricey position.
1	Fast printing
1	dissipated printing
0	No display of how long current call has lasted, no PC sync ability.
0	no display of how yearn current call has lasted, no PC sync ability.
1	Inexpensive, nice print quality and quiet
1	Inexpensive, nice print quality and tranquility
1	superb crispy optics, 5 meg pictures, full VGA mpeg
1	superb crispy optics, 5 meg envision, full VGA mpeg
0	tough to see in the light.  poor headphone jack design
0	tough to see in the short.  poor headphone jacklight design
1	Print documents &amp;amp; Pictures
1	Print documents &amp;AMP; Pictures
1	adequate print quality
1	adequate mark quality
1	Loaded with features,Gud design,Light weight
1	Loaded with features,Gud design,perch weight
0	Grainy pictures, No Audio, Too much redness
0	Grainy photo, No Audio, Too much redness
1	Light
1	easy
1	Paper weight
1	wallpaper weight
1	Print Quality, Price, Separate ink cartridges
1	Print Quality, Price, separate ink cartridges
0	none
0	none
1	great value, good design, clear pictures, nice preview screen
1	great value, well design, clear pictures, nice preview screen
1	Lightweight, Compact compared to other Nextel phones
1	Lightweight, concordat compared to other Nextel phones
1	Nice looking phone with an easily readable screen.
1	Nice await phone with an easily readable screen.
0	Small multiple use buttons.
0	Small multiple role buttons.
1	Very easy to operate and install cartridges
1	Very promiscuous to operate and install cartridges
0	Disabled data transfer
0	Disabled data reassign
0	easily damaged if dropped, expensive to repair, warranty void if damaged
0	easily damaged if dropped, expensive to resort, warrantee void if damaged
1	laser quality prints, low supply cost per page
1	laser quality publish, low supply cost per page
1	Ultra Nice Quality, Flexible Print Media, Long Lasting Ink Tanks
1	Ultra Nice tone, Flexible Print Media, Long lasting Ink Tanks
0	reception, battery life.
0	reception, battery liveliness.
0	isn't tightly integrated
0	isn't tightly unified
1	Sleek, packed with features, light on fluff
1	aerodynamic, packed with features, light on fluff
0	Noisy cycling of new pages
0	Noisy cycling of new page
1	High quailty print, good speeds.
1	High quailty print, good hurrying.
1	Ease of use, solid feel
1	Ease of use, solid flavor
1	The latest technology.  Almost a mini computer.
1	The latest technology.  about a mini computer.
1	Compact.  Especially clear printing capability.
1	Compact.  Especially clean-cut printing capability.
0	If you break the sliding cover, you lose the microphone.
0	If you break the slide screening, you lose the microphone.
0	Screen is not bright enough...to me anyway...no access to internet...do you really need that though?
0	test is not lustrous enough...to me anyway...no access to internet...do you really postulate that though?
1	Easy, cheap, fun
1	wanton, cheap, fun
1	none
1	none
0	confusing controls
0	confusing assure
0	Flash reload time
0	dash reload time
1	Easy to use, great pictures, 6x zoom, Light weight, AA batteries, and intuitive menus , 
1	sluttish to use, great pictures, 6x zoom, low-cal weight, AA batteries, and intuitive menus , 
0	A little waste electricity.
0	A lilliputian waste electricity.
1	Inexpensive, compact
1	Inexpensive, pack
0	gets warm when using, no built in belt clip
0	gets warm when using, no progress in belt clip
1	Very good features and quality at a bargain price.
1	Very good features and quality at a buy price.
0	No IR, keypad takes some getting used to
0	No IR, keypad takes some gravel used to
0	Battery tray is sometimes a bit awkward.
0	Battery tray is sometimes a bit embarrassing.
1	Small and Compact
1	Small and heavyset
1	Antenna fixed, solid construction, nice speakerphone
1	Antenna fixed, solid twist, nice speakerphone
1	Simple to learn how to use, clear pictures
1	wide-eyed to learn how to use, clear pictures
1	Great speed, color printing, and very quiet.
1	Great speed, color printing, and very tranquillize.
1	Can use with a variety of infant carseat/carriers
1	stern use with a variety of infant carseat/carriers
1	Inexpensive, sturdy, takes good pix
1	Inexpensive, sturdy, withdraw good pix
1	Small, lightweight, silent allert.
1	Small, lightweight, mute allert.
0	unreadable screen in daylight. Clicks when in use.
0	unreadable screen in daylight. Clicks when in employment.
0	No USB support whatsoever
0	No USB corroborate whatsoever
1	Perfect Ergonomics; well-made and very durable
1	thoroughgoing Ergonomics; well-made and very durable
1	all in one, great space saver...
1	all in one, great space recoverer...
1	Inexpensive, great LCD resolution, and versatile file saving.
1	Inexpensive, great LCD result, and versatile file saving.
0	Bulky, no video camera, texting system
0	bulky, no video camera, texting system
0	None
0	none
1	good reception and clarity
1	effective reception and clarity
1	Sleek Phone, Color Screen
1	Sleek earphone, Color Screen
1	Size, features, build quality, picture quality, night shots, and many more to list.
1	Size, features, chassis quality, photograph quality, night shots, and many more to list.
1	Quality prints and fast printing
1	lineament prints and fast printing
1	Efficient.Fantastic pictures with professional quality!
1	Efficient.Fantastic see with professional quality!
1	Great Quality, Quiet Operation, Looks Cool, Auto-Paper-Type really works
1	Great Quality, tranquility Operation, Looks Cool, Auto-Paper-Type really works
1	It has a camera, comes free sometimes with a signed contract.
1	It has a camera, cum free sometimes with a bless contract.
0	No manual mode, eats batteries and have to remove to charge, poor resolution LCD 
0	No manual mode, chow batteries and have to remove to burster, poor resolution LCD 
1	Quality printing, decent speed, long-life/high output
1	prime printing, decent speed, long-life/high output
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, well-to-do utilization, features galore
1	Easy to use
1	wanton to use
1	A Good Home Use Printer Backed By HP Quality And Support
1	A Good Home consumption Printer Backed By HP Quality And substantiate
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, compatible with infant car seat
1	Lightweight, easy to sheepcote, compatible with infant car seat
0	Drying ink tanks, bad cleaning, bad paper feed, very bulky.
0	Drying ink tanks, bad cleaning, sorry paper prey, very bulky.
1	battery life, reception, features
1	battery life, reception, characteristic
1	The stroller is light but very well made.  It is very easy to use.  
1	The stroller is idle but very well made.  It is very easy to habituate.  
0	poor sound, below average functions, pricey, delicate, sub-par reception
0	pathetic sound, below average functions, pricey, delicate, sub-par reception
1	full recline, reversible handle bar, spacious for baby
1	replete recline, reversible handle bar, spacious for baby
0	The flash card supplied is virtually useless.
0	The ostentate card supplied is virtually useless.
1	Form factor,screen size,voice clarity,signal holding strength,PIM functionality
1	figure factor,screen size,voice clarity,signal holding metier,PIM functionality
0	Can only use the seat portion with infants up to 20 lbs.
0	bathroom only use the behind portion with infants up to 20 lbs.
0	not enough disk space
0	not sufficiency disk space
1	Great quality, lots of software options
1	keen quality, lots of software options
0	COULD NOT PRINT THE DATE AND TIME ON PHOTO WHEN DOWNLOADED ON THE PC. 
0	COULD NOT publish THE escort AND TIME ON PHOTO WHEN DOWNLOADED ON THE PC. 
0	quality
0	prize
1	Great soft ware!
1	Great diffuse ware!
1	A fantastic phone. Love every minute of it. Simple but full at once.
1	A fantastic phone. lovemaking every minute of it. Simple but entire at once.
1	Light, small, cool and stylish. Brilliant photos. Many features.
1	Light, small, nerveless and stylish. Brilliant photos. Many features.
1	Slim design is comfortable to hold; I LOVE the blue backlighting!
1	Slim design is comfortable to hold; ace hump the blue backlighting!
1	It does everything
1	IT does everything
1	Small, lightweight, lots of features
1	Small, lightweight, lashings of features
0	No Video Taking
0	no Video Taking
1	Size, Small, Good/Okay egronomics, easy use controls, available memory cards.
1	Size, Small, Good/Okay egronomics, well-off use controls, useable memory cards.
1	Simple basic phone, lightweight and thin, inexpensive
1	uncomplicated basic phone, lightweight and thin, inexpensive
1	Rubber pads kept it from flying off my car when left on hood accidentally.
1	arctic pads kept it from flying off my machine when left on hood accidentally.
1	price, ease of use, durable
1	price, ease of use, indestructible
0	less than spectacular moving shots, small enough to lose.  No manual settings
0	less than outstanding moving shaft, small enough to lose.  No manual settings
0	like all digital cameras, dynamic range of contrast is poor compared to film
0	like all digital cameras, dynamic range of contrast is wretched compared to movie
1	Excellent print quality, fast
1	Excellent print timber, fast
1	Cheap, quality pictures, easy to use, very portable
1	cheap, quality pictures, easy to use, very portable
0	No Flash, Focusing could be better.
0	No Flash, Focusing could be unspoilt.
0	Relatively "Old", too expensive for its age. Low talk volume.
0	Relatively "Old", too expensive for its age. Low tattle book.
0	Somewhat slow focus times, price
0	Somewhat slow direction times, price
1	cheap, easy to install on windows
1	tinny, easy to install on windows
1	Fun, Practical, Easy Drive
1	Fun, Practical, Easy push
0	no tray for printed pages to rest on as they come out
0	no tray for printed pages to residual on as they descend out
1	An extremely durable phone.  I've abused this phone and it still works perfectly.
1	An highly durable phone.  I've abused this phone and it still works absolutely.
1	Battery life, many faceplates, good vibrate function
1	Battery life, many faceplates, secure vibrate function
0	Poor picture quality, very poor manual, software very difficult
0	Poor video quality, very poor manual, software very difficult
1	good paper feeding, long-lasting ink, helpful print options
1	skilful paper feeding, long-lasting ink, helpful print options
0	Bad reception, and durability overall junk.
0	Bad reception, and durability boilersuit junk.
1	Comfortable design, amber backlight, good signal, great design for actually talking for extended periods.
1	Comfortable invention, amber backlight, right signal, great design for actually talking for extended periods.
1	GReat sound quality, great little phone
1	GReat sound caliber, great little phone
0	Nokia 8310
0	Nokia 8310
0	slow color printing, small paper tray
0	slow colouration printing, small paper tray
1	Fast, easy to use, amazing quality, great for photo's
1	Fast, wanton to use, amazing quality, great for photo's
1	Compact design (sleek and sexy!), great reception
1	Compact contrive (sleek and sexy!), great reception
0	Small basket, No cup holder.
0	Small handbasket, No cup holder.
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Great Options, Video Feature, Small, Easy to Upload, Easy to Upgrade Memory
1	Great Options, Video Feature, Small, Easy to Upload, slowly to Upgrade remembering
1	good long distance reception, nice display, cheap
1	good long distance reception, overnice display, cheap
0	Silent mode fails to work when receiving some calls.
0	Silent mode fails to play when receiving some calls.
0	slow cpu
0	tedious cpu
0	None!
0	none!
0	Set up is horrible, try to take in more than 1 sheet at a time
0	Set up is horrible, endeavour to ingest in more than ane sheet at a time
0	Mediocre Photo Quality;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Expensive Cartridge;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Inflexible changing cartridges;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Show print mark on the back.
0	Mediocre Photo character;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Expensive Cartridge;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Inflexible commute cartridges;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;record print sucker on the support.
0	limited memory, no mp3 ringtone support
0	limited memory, no mp3 ringtone keep
0	8 mb memory stick doesn't cut it.
0	8 mb memory amaze doesn't cut it.
0	pictures taken in Sunshine are worthless because of severe washout
0	scene rent in Sunshine are worthless because of severe washout
1	Nice Color screen, backlit, navigation menu's, battery life, lots of features.
1	Nice Color screen, backlit, navigation menu's, battery sprightliness, heaps of features.
1	reversible handle, stylish, washable cover.
1	reversible handle, stylish, washable brood.
1	Simple to use, easy set up, excellent quality prints!!!
1	Simple to enjoyment, easy set up, excellent quality prints!!!
0	battery life doesn't last past a couple hours
0	shelling life doesn't last past a couple hours
1	Great Pictures. Easy to use. Great movie mode. Very good camera for a low price.
1	Great Pictures. Easy to practice. large movie mode. Very good camera for a small price.
1	battery life, color display, clarity
1	battery life, colourize display, clarity
0	Kind of big.
0	variety of big.
0	Cingular phones wont work in CINGULAR EXTEND
0	Cingular earpiece wont work in CINGULAR EXTEND
1	High quality pics, lots of zoom
1	High quality pics, passel of zoom
1	SMALL, SLEEK, COOL, and it works well.
1	SMALL, silklike, COOL, and it works well.
0	battery life, camera, poor tmobile coverage
0	battery animation, camera, poor tmobile coverage
0	Blurry and out of focus on shots taken indoors
0	Blurry and out of focus on shots bring indoors
1	One word describes this camera - TINY.  This is, without a doubt the best feature.
1	One word identify this camera - TINY.  This is, without a doubt the best boast.
1	easy to set up
1	gentle to set up
0	a little bulky in size, thumb-controled joypad, color only 256.
0	a piffling bulky in size, thumb-controled joypad, colour only 256.
1	Amazing looks/build, easy to use, excellent picture quality, feature content, revolutionary features and size, value
1	awe-inspiring looks/build, easy to usage, excellent picture quality, feature contented, revolutionary features and size, value
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and earn calls.
1	4 Megapixels, Bright Display, Easy to use, advanced features, 12x digital zoom, compact
1	4 Megapixels, Bright Display, Easy to use, advance features, 12x digital surge, compact
1	Camera is cheap and functional with a couple of options.
1	Camera is cheap and functional with a brace of option.
0	Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
0	Requires extravagant button pushing for simple tasks corresponding text messaging.  Garbled intelligent quality with fasttalkers.
0	Bad on/off switch, Viewer is in bad place
0	Bad on/off switch, Viewer is in bad space
1	Gorgeous design, magenta color and excellent reception. Easy bluetooth pairing with a Mac.
1	Gorgeous design, magenta coloration and excellent receipt. Easy bluetooth pairing with a Mac.
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the refresh.
0	Not outstanding battery life (not bad either), coverage is average (again, not bad either)
0	Not outstanding battery life (not big either), coverage is median (again, not bad either)
1	Great Printer - Great Price - Great Quality!
1	Great Printer - Great Price - Great timbre!
0	must purchase basket; requires some practice to open quickly; feels flimsy at times
0	must purchase basket; requires some practice to spread quickly; feels flimsy at metre
0	Loud Loud Loud
0	Loud tatty Loud
1	price, quality and ease of use
1	toll, quality and ease of use
0	Slow. Often pulls in more than one sheet at a time. 
0	retard. Often deplumate in more than one sheet at a time. 
0	Built-in LED flash not worth using.
0	constitutional LED flash not worth using.
0	Slow, even on normal print jobs.
0	Slow, even on convention print jobs.
0	Bulky compared to most cellular phone.
0	Bulky equate to most cellular phone.
1	size, looks
1	size, looking
0	Sketchy service in areas without two or more bars.
0	Sketchy help in areas without two or more bars.
1	aesthetics, document size, speed, quality
1	aesthetics, document size, speed, tone
0	non
0	not
0	can't handle too many fumbles
0	can't cover too many fumbles
0	Wish it had a one hand release fold, does not fold to compact size
0	Wish it had a unmatchable hand passing fold, does not fold to compact size
0	Slow, noisy, print longevity
0	slow, noisy, print longevity
0	Short battery life
0	abruptly battery life
0	small, cheap and easy to break
0	diminished, cheap and easy to break
1	Solid built, Radio, SMS and more....
1	Solid built, tuner, SMS and more....
0	Style
0	stylus
1	Very easy to use
1	real easy to use
0	N/A
0	newton/A
1	It's Hewlett Packard
1	It's Hewlett Packard
0	No Windows 2000 support at this time
0	No Windows 2000 endure at this time
0	Costs more than some would want to spend
0	Costs more than some would neediness to spend
1	Feature Rich, Color Screen, Motorola Reputation, E911 GPS
1	Feature Rich, Color cover, Motorola Reputation, E911 GPS
0	none so far
0	none so ALIR
1	reasonable price; user friendly camera
1	fair price; user friendly camera
0	size but it has a keyboard - none really.
0	size but it has a keyboard - none very.
1	Price, quality, basically everything
1	terms, quality, basically everything
1	Good optics, good transfer to PC, good feel in the hand
1	Good optics, just transfer to PC, skilful feel in the hand
0	Hate the money it takes!
0	Hate the money it yield!
1	Very user-friendly; excellent print quality.
1	Very user-friendly; excellent print choice.
1	Reasonable price, good features for the money
1	Reasonable price, just features for the money
0	Small paper tray.
0	pocket-sized paper tray.
0	Ink replacement
0	Ink substitution
1	Print Quality, Energy Star, Toner Saver, Robust Design, Simple, Fast, Surprisingly Nice Paper Paths
1	Print Quality, push Star, Toner Saver, Robust Design, Simple, Fast, Surprisingly Nice report Paths
1	good picture in full sun
1	dear picture in full sun
1	Color accuracy (EXIF 2.2) and saturation, fast, quiet, separate ink tanks, borderless prints
1	vividness accuracy (EXIF 2.2) and saturation, fast, hush, separate ink tanks, borderless prints
1	compact size, all metal case, fast focus
1	compact size, all metal case, fast focusing
1	Works well with Windows XP
1	run well with Windows XP
0	Pricey. The autofocus can take a while to focus.
0	Pricey. The autofocus can convey a while to focus.
1	Easy to use, good quality pictures.  
1	Easy to use, adept quality pictures.  
0	High Cost Per Page, Expensive Ink
0	gamy Cost Per Page, Expensive Ink
0	The holder is awkward
0	The holder is cumbersome
0	No Vibrate option for calls
0	nobelium Vibrate option for calls
1	Great signal strength, great help, easy to use menu, fun rings, fun flip, voice dialing.
1	nifty signal strength, dandy help, easy to use menu, fun rings, merriment flip, voice dialing.
1	Pretty Basic Model - for novice
1	Pretty canonic Model - for novice
0	Only works with Windows
0	Only sour with Windows
0	Fussy keys & feels delicate, Lack of sync software.
0	finicky keys & feels delicate, Lack of sync software.
0	"how- to" manual not included, USB cable not included
0	"how- to" manual not included, USB telegraph not included
0	Cartridge compatibles N/A, have to use refill kit.
0	Cartridge compatibles N/A, have to usance refill kit.
1	Large LCD Screen, InfoLithium Batteries &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Large LCD sieve, InfoLithium Batteries &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Battery life
0	Battery life-time
0	slow to write data to disks
0	dense to write data to disks
0	Small text and no T9 text messaging.
0	modest text and no T9 text messaging.
1	Rolls when pushed. Easy grip handle for easy fold up. Has basket on bottom to hold diapers and stuff.
1	vagabond when labour. Easy grip handle for easy fold up. Has basket on bottom to declare diapers and stuff.
1	Great multifunction capability, media slots, great prints &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	majuscule multifunction potentiality, media slots, great prints &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Nice outdoor pics
1	Nice outdoor film
0	Hard to find replacement cartridges
0	Hard to obtain replacement cartridges
1	reception durability
1	reception lastingness
1	great price for what you get, quality, ease of use
1	groovy price for what you get, prize, ease of use
1	Fast, Good quality
1	Fast, proficient quality
0	terrible battery charge capacity-internal earpiece and ringer barely audible
0	terrible battery cathexis capacity-internal earpiece and ringer barely audible
1	Portability, Download to Disk, Easy to Use
1	Portability, Download to platter, Easy to Use
0	It glitches on occasion, but doesn't everything.  This does it less, though.
0	It glitches on function, but doesn't everything.  This does it LE, though.
0	Cost of operation
0	Cost of procedure
1	# storage, size, clearity
1	# storage, sizing, clearity
1	Great quality and price
1	neat quality and price
0	It does what it's advertised to do and does it well--no cons here.
0	It does what it's publicise to do and does it well--no nobble here.
1	Small lightweight, and easy... oh so easy to use!
1	small lightweight, and easy... oh so easy to use!
0	Poor Quality, No Flash, No LCD display.
0	Poor Quality, No flashbulb, No LCD display.
1	Lots of features and control over calling functions, lightweight
1	passel of features and control over calling functions, lightweight
1	Awesome design, light weight and thin, feature packed, friendly interface
1	Awesome contrive, brightness weight and thin, feature packed, friendly interface
1	Inexpensive, looks like Motorola V60c, feature rich.
1	Inexpensive, spirit like Motorola V60c, feature rich.
0	no flash, limited picture capacity in high res mode.
0	no meretricious, limited picture capacity in high res mode.
0	The only thing negative I can say is that the games are horribly silly.
0	The only thing negative I can say is that the games are awfully featherbrained.
0	Feature poor, bad value, mediocre reception, not-so-great interface.
0	Feature poor, bad value, average reception, not-so-great interface.
1	tiny size, excellent national coverage, very cheap, great sms features
1	tiny size, excellent national coverage, very cheap, majuscule sms boast
0	None
0	none
1	- buttons
1	- button
1	easy to use, takes clear pictures
1	easy to use, takes unmortgaged pictures
1	Small, easy to carry, GREAT screen
1	Small, leisurely to carry, GREAT screen
0	None yet
0	None withal
0	The talk time isnt the best, though I am a phone hog.
0	The talk clock isnt the estimable, though I am a phone hog.
1	Color screen.  Speaker phone.
1	Color sort.  Speaker phone.
0	A bit expensive, large and heavy, slow 3-4 second delay between pics
0	A bit expensive, large and sullen, slow 3-4 second holdup between pics
1	color screen
1	color blind
1	Great Quality Pictures&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Comes with all the extras you need
1	Great Quality depict&amp;#xiii;&amp;#10;Comes with all the extras you need
1	Very inexpensive, turns itself on/off, small, quiet, ink system, free USB cable, name brand.
1	Very inexpensive, turns itself on/off, pocket-size, quiesce, ink system, gratis USB cable, name brand.
1	Small, lightweight, and good picture quality
1	diminished, lightweight, and good picture quality
1	Long battery life, good design, USB, expandable memory
1	farsighted battery life, good design, USB, expandable memory
1	Battery doesn't drain instantly
1	Battery doesn't drainage instantly
1	Inexpensive and takes low quality pictures good enough for the web and e-mail.
1	Inexpensive and takes humble quality show good enough for the web and e-mail.
1	Worked one time
1	Worked one meter
1	Quiet, compact, ease of use. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Quiet, thickset, ease of use. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	None
0	none
0	could use a speaker phone
0	could expend a speaker phone
1	Nothing good to say at all
1	Nothing good to enjoin at all
0	No removable memory, no flash
0	No removable memory, no twinkle
1	Ease of use, reception, phone book, camera, screen, price!
1	Ease of consumption, reception, phone book, camera, screen, price!
0	Not Photo Quality
0	Not photograph Quality
1	Ease of use, established brand
1	Ease of utilise, established brand
0	Poor Quality Switches, Fixed Lens, In Camera Storage Media, Pixel Density
0	Poor Quality Switches, define Lens, In Camera memory Media, Pixel Density
1	it looks great, slim and stylist!
1	it looks keen, slim and stylist!
0	serial number erasble, auto focus problem, no 4 way controller, limited movie mode
0	serial number erasble, auto focus problem, no quartet agency controller, limited movie mode
0	LCD/EVF very dark
0	LCD/EVF very sullen
1	Full Featured&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Fits in pocket&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great pictures
1	Full Featured&amp;#13;&amp;#10;correspond in pocket&amp;#13;&amp;#10;enceinte impression
0	Rather noisy, expensive cartridges, color prints are slow
0	Rather noisy, expensive cartridges, vividness prints are slow
0	I didn't find any yet.
0	I didn't find any notwithstanding.
1	size, style, variety of features.
1	size, style, assortment of features.
0	Internal mains charger
0	internal mains charger
0	needs an integrated flash.
0	postulate an integrated flash.
0	Occasional freezes up.  Memory full error.
0	Occasional freezes up.  retentivity full error.
1	Inexpensive.
1	inexpensive.
0	Battery Life
0	battery Life
1	It's an EPSON people! Excellent paper handling
1	It's an EPSON people! first-class paper handling
0	Initial Cost
0	Initial toll
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their sound, drops Call.
0	bigger than the 8290, and did I mention ugly looking?
0	bounteous than the 8290, and did I mention vile looking?
0	short battery life, shuts down, charging port goes bad and phone won't charge.
0	unretentive battery life, shuts down, charging port travel bad and phone won't charge.
1	Slick, Lightweight, Elephants Are Attracted To It
1	Slick, Lightweight, Elephants are Attracted To It
1	Lightweight, cool blue back light, slim, infrared, big screen
1	Lightweight, cool dreary back light, slim, infrared, big screen
1	durable
1	undestroyable
0	poor paper feeder
0	poor composition feeder
1	Dual digital network support, excellent battery life, lots of features.
1	double digital network documentation, excellent battery life, lots of features.
0	nothing
0	nix
0	Pictures not professional quality; floppy storage cumbersome for some
0	characterisation not professional quality; floppy storage cumbersome for some
1	excellent range of features, and It's Fun!
1	excellent range of features, and It's merriment!
0	Ringers could be a wee bit louder. otherwise there really is none.
0	Ringers could be a teensy-weensy routine louder. otherwise there really is none.
1	Good Solid Camera for everyone.
1	Good square Camera for everyone.
0	Small size might be a problem
0	Small size power be a problem
0	have not found one yet
0	have not obtain one yet
1	Small size, incredibly sturdy, external date, time & caller ID, long battery life, alarm.
1	Small size, incredibly hardy, external date, time & caller ID, recollective battery life, alarm.
0	Price, Battery life.
0	Price, battery life.
1	Compact, Sharp Hi-Rez Pictures, lots of features
1	Compact, Sharp Hi-Rez Pictures, mickle of features
1	Design, Features, Call Quality, Signal Strength, Camera, Ringer Volume, Web
1	plan, Features, birdcall Quality, Signal Strength, Camera, Ringer Volume, Web
1	Low cost. Easy to set up. Plug and play. Very good photo printing quality.
1	Low cost. Easy to mark up. Plug and drama. Very good photo printing quality.
0	Duplexing worth $100???
0	Duplexing worth $century???
1	Direct Connect, Durable, Options can be added
1	steer Connect, Durable, Options can be added
1	Photo Quality, Size, and Price
1	Photo Quality, size, and Price
0	PAPER LOADING, Compatibility
0	PAPER freight, Compatibility
0	Might be too small for some tastes.  Occasional dropped call.
0	Might be too small for some savour.  Occasional dropped Call.
1	Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
1	Better digital signal reception; decent heavy.
0	No noise to record w/ movie, needs a light for movies taking.
0	No noise to record w/ movie, needs a loose for movies contain.
1	Simultaneous Alarm Clock, text friendly, handy, all weather proof etc.
1	simultaneous dismay Clock, text friendly, handy, all weather proof etc.
0	Frustrating to use; To many problems
0	Frustrating to employ; To many problems
0	Takes a while to get ready to print. 1-5 minutes!
0	contract a while to convey ready to print. 1-5 minutes!
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	LCD Display, Flash, Software is easy to use
1	LCD Display, Flash, Software is easy to utilize
1	Good Speed, High Quality Images
1	Good Speed, highschool Quality Images
0	size, however acceptable because of built in speaker
0	size, withal acceptable because of built in speaker
1	Size and features
1	Size and boast
1	Good text quality, works in DOS also.
1	Good text quality, works in arrange also.
0	Not PCS vision capable. Lacks full color display.
0	Not PCS vision capable. Lacks full colorise display.
1	nice design, maneuvers well
1	nice pattern, maneuvers well
1	Many features.
1	Many characteristic.
0	focus problems, viewfinder a bit small, memory
0	concenter problems, viewfinder a bit small, memory
1	Crisp Outdoor Shots, Compact Size, Software Bundle
1	crispen Outdoor Shots, Compact Size, Software Bundle
1	PDA functionality, tons of features
1	PDA functionality, ton of features
1	Small and portable. Good Pic quality. Durable.
1	Small and portable. Good Pic quality. lasting.
0	Noisy, Inefficient, Takes to long to load
0	Noisy, Inefficient, Takes to long to lode
1	Takes very sharp pictures
1	make very sharp pictures
1	Great combination of features from Canon Powershot S230 and G3
1	dandy combination of sport from Canon Powershot S230 and G3
1	Compact, excellent picture quality
1	Compact, excellent icon quality
0	doesn't come with enough accessories!!!!!!
0	doesn't descend with enough accessories!!!!!!
0	pricey replacement cartridges
0	pricey permutation cartridges
0	Photo quality poorer than Epson C82.
0	Photo timbre poorer than Epson C82.
1	easy to use. inexpensive. lots of features of more expensive cameras
1	comfortable to use. inexpensive. oodles of features of more expensive cameras
1	Excellent quality B/W printing, very small in size, low noise, fast
1	Excellent quality B/W printing, very small in size, downcast noise, debauched
1	Changeable covers, internet, downloadable ringtones, memory space
1	Changeable plow, internet, downloadable ringtones, memory space
0	No zoom, no lens cover
0	No zoom, no lense cover
1	Good, made by Lexmark....
1	Good, earn by Lexmark....
1	Nice sizer, good battery life
1	Nice sizer, secure battery life
1	Excellent Picture quality; easy to use; easy to load to PC; reasonable priced
1	Excellent impression quality; easy to use; easy to burden to PC; reasonable priced
1	ease of use
1	ease of habituate
1	Easy install, prints gorgeous photos, text on plain paper quite crisp. 
1	easy install, prints gorgeous photos, text on bare paper quite crisp. 
1	very good picture, enough res to print 8x10
1	very good movie, enough res to print 8x10
0	Basket is hard to reach when car seat is attached
0	Basket is difficult to reach when car induct is attached
0	Exposed LCD Screen.
0	open LCD Screen.
0	none
0	none
0	Battery life, no analog, PC sync extra, sound quality sub-par, expensive
0	Battery life, no analog, PC sync extra, voice timber sub-par, expensive
0	rattles when vibrating, backlight is weak but still plenty bright
0	rattle when vibrating, backlight is sapless but still plenty bright
1	Small Size
1	pocket-size Size
1	Features galore. High quality images.
1	Features galore. High quality double.
1	EVERYTHING
1	EVERYTHING
1	Small, lightweight
1	diminished, lightweight
0	nod LCD screen, drivers can conflict.
0	nod LCD screen, drivers can battle.
0	NO GAME! Guidebook isn't very thorough, numberpad clumsy to work with.
0	NO GAME! Guidebook isn't very thorough, numberpad fumbling to oeuvre with.
1	almost everything you can think of.. if not, programs are downloadable
1	well-nigh everything you can think of.. if not, programme are downloadable
1	It's an Olympus.
1	It's an Olimbos.
0	Battery Life needs help.  Verizon service not as good as AT&T. Occasional Reset needed.
0	Battery liveliness needs help.  Verizon serve not as skilful as AT&T. Occasional Reset needed.
1	Works nicely
1	run nicely
0	Can't be used with Windows 2000
0	Can't be apply with Windows 2000
0	Slow......
0	irksome......
0	Slow in color,
0	wearisome in color,
1	AOL IM compatible, easy to setup/use, blue screen, very light
1	AOL IM compatible, easy to setup/usance, blue screen, very lightly
0	Not very durable, slow, ink cartridges are too small
0	Not very durable, slow, ink cartridges are too modest
1	Very suave looking, flashy and KEWL!!
1	Very suave looking, tatty and KEWL!!
1	It fits into the cell pocket on my backpack.
1	It meet into the cell pocket on my backpack.
1	Great Pictures
1	Great icon
1	 It comes out fast and even.
1	 It comes out riotous and even.
1	Great pictures at a great price
1	Great pictures at a majuscule price
1	Fabulous Photos, great range of user controls, fast lens 
1	Fabulous Photos, great range of user hold, fast lens 
1	Older child can sit or stand
1	Older youngster can sit or stand
1	Size, accessibility, feel, and functions make this phone superb
1	Size, accessibility, feel, and functions give this phone superb
0	Long initialization time before printing of first page
0	long initialization time before printing of first page
0	No switches. Prints slow.  Excessive Ink consumption.
0	No trade. Prints slow.  Excessive Ink consumption.
0	Not the fastest on the block
0	Not the fastest on the jam
0	Unreliable: it freezes like a motherf*@#3r.
0	undependable: it freezes like a motherf*@#3r.
1	good price for a camera with zoom
1	proficient price for a camera with zoom
1	sometimes makes calls
1	sometimes makes yell
1	Size,Functions,Wireless Modem!
1	Size,affair,Wireless Modem!
1	Outstanding
1	great
0	No focus aid light, limited manual capabilities, and poorly designed macro mode  
0	No focus aid alight, limited manual capabilities, and poorly contrive macro mode  
1	All in one convenience, flatbed scanner
1	All in one gadget, flatbed scanner
1	nice thing to have around
1	overnice thing to have around
1	Reception, clarity, small size, speakerphone, Nokia menu system
1	Reception, clarity, low size, speakerphone, Nokia menu system
1	1'8 inch LCD View Finder
1	1'8 inch LCD View finder
0	Poor night time performance
0	Poor Nox time performance
1	good pictures. easy to use
1	proficient pictures. easy to use
0	Bulkly, Heavy,&amp; Costly.
0	Bulkly, labored,&amp; Costly.
1	Sleek, lightweight, speakerphone, keyguard, good reception, lots of other features!
1	streamlined, lightweight, speakerphone, keyguard, good reception, slew of other features!
1	Prints photos as if they were taken to a photo developer...
1	Prints photograph as if they were involve to a photo developer...
1	Great pictures, great optical zoom range, Outstanding software package
1	Great pictures, nifty optical zoom range, Outstanding software package
1	Great photos, can add lenses and filters, large dynamic range in photos.
1	Great photos, can add lenses and filter, large dynamic crop in photos.
0	Battery life, Picture memory, Application costs
0	Battery life, Picture memory, diligence costs
1	Best camera for the price
1	undecomposed camera for the price
1	Excellent picture quality, sturdy, simple, good options, good customer support
1	Excellent picture quality, sturdy, childlike, good options, good customer livelihood
0	Confusing at first, buttons on the outside, annoying/frequent sound when battery is low.
0	Confusing at initiative, buttons on the outside, annoying/frequent sound when battery is Low.
1	Outstanding quality, takes pictures fast,  Records Mpeg Movies.
1	Outstanding quality, takes pictures fast,  commemorate Mpeg Movies.
1	A fantastic Hewlett Packard Deskjet
1	A terrific Hewlett Packard Deskjet
0	Sucks up the batteries.  Flash doesn't automatically pop up if needed.
0	Sucks up the batteries.  dart doesn't automatically pop up if demand.
1	Cool features, great reception, fun to customize, good battery life
1	chill features, great reception, fun to customize, good battery animation
1	Easy to set up and use.  Great versatility for small price.
1	Easy to rigid up and use.  swell versatility for small price.
0	Very slow and loud.  poor picture quality. And worst of all... VERY POOR customer service.
0	Very slow and loud.  hapless envision quality. And worst of all... VERY pathetic customer service.
1	Inexpensive and clear pictures
1	Inexpensive and exculpate pictures
1	Good black text, nice and sharp., Vivid color graphics.
1	dear black text, nice and sharp., Vivid color graphics.
0	can't hear it ring, small font, menu clumsy
0	can't hear it gang, small font, menu clumsy
1	Light, easy to use, Floppies
1	idle, easy to use, Floppies
0	Static!
0	still!
0	no problems
0	no trouble
1	Easy to use, Baby can sleep in carseat and move to stroller!
1	tardily to use, Baby can sleep in carseat and motility to stroller!
1	Stylish(cute), metal housing, weather proofed, great resolution
1	Stylish(cute), metal housing, weather proofed, cracking resolution
1	better than no printer at all.
1	honorable than no printer at all.
0	-video is useless
0	-television is useless
1	reasonable price and compact in size
1	reasonable price and wad in size
0	This thing eats batteries.
0	This thing chow batteries.
1	1.3MP digital camera, webcam, extremely small size, simple to use.
1	unity.3MP digital camera, webcam, extremely small size, simple to utilise.
1	Individual ink tanks, less expensive
1	person ink tanks, less expensive
1	Internet connectivity, good data storage, compatibility with palms and thier applications
1	net connectivity, safe data storage, compatibility with palms and thier applications
1	Small, classic + cool style, excellent screen, 1xRTT ready, voice dialing/recording, excellent bang for buck
1	Small, classic + cool way, excellent screenland, 1xRTT ready, voice dialing/recording, excellent bash for buck
0	Sometimes message transmission is slower than usual...
0	Sometimes substance transmission is slower than usual...
1	Great Pictures, Great time saver
1	bang-up Pictures, Great time saver
0	high radiation emission
0	high actinotherapy emission
1	Excellent picture quality, easy control manipulation. NOT A POWER HOG with 2200 NiMH rechargeable batteries!
1	Excellent picture caliber, easy check manipulation. NOT A might HOG with 2200 NiMH rechargeable batteries!
0	Eats batteries like crazy; frustrating problems, no USB
0	Eats batteries same crazy; frustrating problems, no USB
0	hard to navigate menus
0	punishing to navigate menus
1	Easy To Use &amp; Clear, Great Pictures!
1	Easy To Use &amp; Clear, Great painting!
1	light weight, long battery life, small, very cheap
1	clear weight, long battery life, small, very cheap
0	Floppy doesn't hold much, low light photos can be grainy (but often fixable)
0	Floppy doesn't harbour much, low sluttish photos can be grainy (but often fixable)
0	has tendency to come out of holder easily
0	has tendency to derive out of holder easily
1	No need to carry 2 items (PDA & phone); wireless web that is useful
1	No need to hold 2 items (PDA & phone); radio web that is useful
1	Features vs price
1	Features quintet price
1	Small and light weight, web enabled, downloadable ringtones.
1	minuscule and light weight, web enabled, downloadable ringtones.
0	nothing
0	naught
1	Small, bright color
1	Small, brilliant color
0	poor quality battery and memory card cover. Zoom picture of poor quality
0	poor quality battery and retentiveness card cover. surge picture of poor quality
0	The most unintuitive piece of crap that I've ever had to deal with.
0	The most unintuitive opus of crap that I've ever had to spate with.
1	Reliable, good output quality, acceptable speed
1	Reliable, skilful output quality, acceptable speed
1	Excellent picture quality, impressive features.
1	Excellent picture calibre, impressive features.
0	Doesn't have a lot of extras like a camera phone
0	Doesn't have a slew of extras ilk a camera phone
1	Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
1	easygoing to use.  channelize pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
0	the price is at the higher end, but a good product is worth it in the long run
0	the price is at the higher stop, but a safe product is worth it in the long work
1	speakerphone, loud ringer, multiple phone numbers for each contact
1	speakerphone, loud ringer, multiple sound numbers for each contact
1	Small, Great (OUTSIDE) Pictures, 3x zoom, Movies and Audio.
1	small, Great (OUTSIDE) Pictures, 3x zoom, Movies and Audio.
1	Affordable, high quality colors, laser quality blacks.
1	Affordable, high quality tinge, laser quality blacks.
0	expensive battery&amp;#13;&amp;#10;lens does not rotate (like Nikon950, RicohRDC4300)
0	expensive battery&amp;#13;&A;#10;lens does not circumvolve (like Nikon950, RicohRDC4300)
1	easy to use
1	leisurely to use
1	sleek, perfect size, tons of features, voice activation, internet-ready, great value, great battery life
1	sleek, perfect size, tons of features, voice activation, internet-ready, cracking value, cracking battery life
1	Beautiful color display and graphics; nice layout; good size and shape
1	Beautiful color display and graphics; overnice layout; good size and figure
1	Low cost color printer
1	modest cost color printer
0	Speakerphone is horrible
0	Speakerphone is frightful
0	single tricolor tank, colorfastness, waterfastness
0	unity tricolor tank, colorfastness, waterfastness
0	Poor coverage and dropped calls, no solution offered by provider.
0	misfortunate coverage and overlook calls, no solution offered by provider.
1	great pixels, easy to use
1	great pixels, easily to use
0	Have to switch ink cartridges
0	deliver to switch ink cartridges
0	flimsiness
0	shoddiness
0	no mp3
0	no mp3
1	Impeccable printing quality. Prints with speed and confidence.
1	Impeccable print quality. Prints with speed and confidence.
1	Photo quality, ease of use, LCD display, included 8MB Smartmedia card
1	Photo caliber, alleviate of use, LCD display, included 8MB Smartmedia card
0	Reception, reception ... did I mention, RECEPTION?
0	Reception, reception ... did I mention, receipt?
0	Can not use out of box, shutter lag time (esp. on flash)
0	Can not manipulation out of box, shutter lag time (esp. on flashing)
1	Ease of use, Affordability
1	Ease of consumption, Affordability
1	small, easy to use, great quality
1	minuscule, easy to use, great quality
1	Inexpensive, Good picture quality, Good battery life, Comfortable in the hands
1	Inexpensive, Good picture quality, Good battery liveliness, Comfortable in the deal
0	phone cracks, battery life stinks
0	phone collapse, battery life stinks
1	Quality and Durability
1	Quality and lastingness
0	Seems to echo quite badly. Battery life.
0	Seems to echo quite badly. Battery sprightliness.
1	Easy to use, image quality
1	Easy to use, project quality
0	Price, colors not as vibrant as other high end photo inkjets like Canon S900.
0	Price, colors not as vibrant as other high death photo inkjets care Canon S900.
1	Tiny, full featured, good resolution, large LCD screen
1	Tiny, full featured, estimable resolution, large LCD screen
1	small, compact design with handy belt clip and volume control
1	small, pack figure with handy belt clip and volume control
1	Cool Styling, Speakerphone, Voice Memo
1	aplomb Styling, Speakerphone, Voice Memo
0	very awkward to collapse
0	very embarrassing to collapse
1	Fast printer, very good quality
1	Fast printer, very beneficial quality
0	Battery, battery, battery.
0	Battery, battery, barrage.
0	Ink cartridge prices. Unit quality.
0	Ink cartridge prices. Unit lineament.
0	Combi Customer Service is an answering machine.  Product is not durable.
0	Combi Customer Service is an reply auto.  Product is not durable.
0	Needs it's own printer table or side table
0	Needs it's own printer table or slope table
1	Takes awesome pictures; easy to use
1	contain awesome pictures; easy to use
0	Just a couple of minor flaws
0	Just a couple of fry flaws
1	incredible photos, accurate color, quick shutter, point and shoot, fun, small
1	incredible photos, accurate color, flying shutter, steer and shoot, fun, small
1	Cheap, sleek looking, easy to use
1	Cheap, sleek wait, easy to use
0	Voice activation poor with background noise.  Might be too much phone for some.
0	Voice activation miserable with background noise.  Might be too much headphone for some.
0	No lens cover, takes time to snap pics, slow data x-fer
0	No lens plow, takes time to picnic pics, slow data x-fer
1	Best pictures ever taken..
1	Best pictures ever guide..
0	the sounds of ring is not loud enough
0	the sounds of hoop is not loud enough
1	Excellent_picture_quality, Functionally diverse, Compact metal case, Retracting_lens with_built-in lens-cover, light_weight and_very_small, photo-stitch, Lithium_Ion battery, Uncompressed_format
1	Excellent_picture_quality, Functionally diverse, wad metal example, Retracting_lens with_built-in lens-cover, light_weight and_very_small, photo-stitch, Lithium_Ion bombardment, Uncompressed_format
0	haven't found any yet
0	haven't see any yet
1	Great Pictures
1	large Pictures
1	Size, weight, options
1	Size, weighting, options
1	easy to use, direct connect, cool looking, its a nextel
1	easy to apply, direct connect, cool search, its a nextel
1	compact and easy to use
1	compact and easy to enjoyment
1	Lots of AOL discs floating around
1	Lots of AOL discs swim around
0	No USB included, software problem at first.
0	No USB included, software problem at maiden.
1	Easy point and shoot, GREAT color and resolution.  Very good battery life.
1	Easy point and shoot, great color and resolution.  Very effective battery life.
1	Output, quality, features, quiet
1	production, quality, features, quiet
1	Blue Backlight
1	gamey Backlight
0	Battery. "Classic" ringers not available through Sprint. Vision not reliable.  Detailed manual not included.
0	Battery. "Classic" ringers not available through Sprint. sight not reliable.  detailed manual not included.
1	Sleek, great form factor, has a keyboard
1	Sleek, great mannequin factor, has a keyboard
1	Color printer, color scanner, color copier, fax, value, space-saving, HP quality
1	Color printer, color scanner, gloss copier, fax, treasure, space-saving, HP quality
0	ear-bud only, long menu's to cycle through
0	ear-bud only, yearn menu's to cycle through
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	Lack of Bluetooth, fast deminishing battery life while searching for a signal.
0	Lack of Bluetooth, quick deminishing battery life while searching for a sign.
1	EVERYTHING IS GREAT
1	EVERYTHING IS heavy
0	Bulky, No Full Motion Video, Battery Life
0	Bulky, No Full gesture Video, Battery Life
1	High-tech made easy!
1	High-tech pee-pee easy!
1	Very clear and sharp, inexpensive, light, USB, Tech support, long lasting cartrages
1	real clear and sharp, inexpensive, lightsome, USB, Tech support, long lasting cartrages
1	easy to use , lightweight 
1	easy to enjoyment , lightweight 
0	The Flip loosens with time
0	The flip loosens with time
0	Hard to use at night
0	Hard to enjoyment at night
0	falls apart way too easy
0	evenfall apart way too easy
0	Slower to print
0	Slower to publish
1	VERY high on the "cool!" scale; combo PDA actually works; constructed well.
1	VERY high on the "cool!" surmount; combo PDA actually works; constructed fountainhead.
0	straps hard to adjust, have to remove both adult and child cupholders to fold
0	straps hard to adjust, have to remove both big and child cupholders to congregation
0	Integrated memory not expandable(48MB).
0	Integrated storage not expandable(48MB).
1	great quality. Easy to use. The best on the market
1	corking quality. Easy to use. The skilful on the market
1	affordable, 
1	low-priced, 
1	Excellent reception, beautiful color screen, great volume level (if not a little too loud sometimes).
1	Excellent reception, beautiful colouration screen, swell volume point (if not a little too loud sometimes).
0	Everything. Except that it's blue.
0	Everything. omit that it's blue.
1	Long Battery Life, Great Color Covers
1	Long Battery Life, Great Color overlay
0	Price, weak flash, limited resolution choices
0	Price, infirm flash, limited resolution choices
0	Small Factory Installed Media Stick, Asking price high
0	Small Factory Installed Media amaze, Asking price high
1	Small,Inexpensive,LCD Monitor
1	Small,Inexpensive,LCD supervise
0	Pretty loud
0	Pretty meretricious
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	Looks and feel cheap, speak time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	Drains batteries and switching modes
0	drainpipe batteries and switching modes
1	Pretty. Fashionable. Thin. Light. Bluetooth.
1	Pretty. Fashionable. Thin. ignitor. Bluetooth.
1	Free with most service plans
1	exempt with most service plans
0	on camera controls are somewhat hard to work
0	on camera controls are reasonably hard to work
0	Terrible reception
0	dreadful reception
0	Buggy driver software in some configurations; pricey consumables
0	nutty driver software in some configurations; pricey consumables
0	only comes with a 4mg stick
0	only comes with a 4mg mystify
1	sleek, durable battery, pretty
1	aerodynamic, durable battery, pretty
1	size, durability, features, and very user friendly
1	size, durability, characteristic, and very user friendly
0	Maybe just a little bit thick, and because it's new -- it's still expensive
0	Maybe just a little second thick, and because it's novel -- it's still expensive
1	Excellent Price, Perfect for Beginners
1	fantabulous Price, Perfect for Beginners
1	cheap, reception,, features
1	trashy, reception,, features
0	Optical viewfinder, Included CF card too small to be practical, Canon's ZoomBrowser software
0	Optical viewfinder, Included Cf card too pocket-size to be practical, Canon's ZoomBrowser software
0	Lens should have an automatic cover.
0	Lens should have an automatic report.
0	Horrible Batteries
0	Horrible bombardment
0	Clumsy controls, minimal memory, eats battery when connected to PC, slow recharge, no optical zoom
0	Clumsy controls, minimal storage, eats battery when colligate to PC, slow recharge, no visual zoom
1	Nice colour printing
1	Nice colorise printing
0	Have to buy the better battery and memory card
0	Have to buy the undecomposed battery and memory card
0	none
0	none
0	Caller Id on the inside instead of the outside.
0	Caller Id on the interior instead of the outside.
1	I works for home use
1	I exploit for home use
0	Larger phone, circular keypad requires learning curve
0	Larger phone, circular keypad requires learn curve
1	Kodak name, Price, easey to use
1	Kodak name, Price, easey to function
0	Larger than newer digital cameras of comparable price and image quality
0	Larger than newer digital cameras of comparable price and range choice
1	Easy to use
1	slowly to use
1	Small and light
1	Small and wakeful
0	Not much room in the paper feeder
0	Not lots room in the paper feeder
1	Picture quality, design, features
1	Picture quality, designing, features
1	Small, bright light, MIDI ringers
1	Small, bright promiscuous, MIDI ringers
1	great long lasting printer
1	great long long-lived printer
0	None
0	none
1	Cheap, excellent print quality for text and photos!, borderless prints, low profile
1	flash, excellent print caliber for text and photos!, borderless prints, low profile
1	Cheap, simple to operate, decent flash
1	cheesy, simple to operate, decent flash
0	Mostly Sony proprietary technology.
0	Mostly Sony proprietorship technology.
0	lower tray location, foot print
0	glower tray location, foot print
1	Small size, smartmedia, many preset photo modes
1	Small size, smartmedia, many preset photo fashion
0	Batteries don't last long, Time in between picture shots.
0	Batteries don't last long, Time in between depict shots.
1	Great print quality.Quiet.
1	enceinte print quality.Quiet.
0	Can take some time to learn all the features.
0	bum take some time to learn all the features.
1	trendy, good call quality, speakerphone
1	trendy, honorable call quality, speakerphone
0	not sturdy, break easily
0	not sturdy, ruin easily
1	Excellent picture quality, camera is light and compact
1	Excellent picture quality, camera is lighting and compact
1	Cheap
1	inexpensive
1	pretty packaging
1	moderately packaging
1	For its price it prints okay
1	For its price it prints approve
0	none so far
0	none so FAR
0	Still haven't figured out how to change the clock from AM to PM
0	yet haven't figured out how to modification the clock from AM to PM
1	awesome features, color screen, lots of extras, great reception
1	awesome features, color screen, peck of extras, great reception
1	MP3 player, video camera, remote
1	MP3 musician, video camera, remote
0	4mb storage card 
0	4mb storage board 
1	great print quality, price
1	keen print quality, price
0	Confusing software, short battery life.
0	Confusing software, scant battery life.
0	reception, color, weight, low volume
0	reception, color, weight, scurvy volume
0	That paper tray!
0	That wallpaper tray!
0	Hard to format disc, Battery life too short.
0	Hard to format disc, Battery life too brusque.
1	quick and good color
1	quick and commodity color
0	Sound quality just a hair fuzzy, in my opinion
0	Sound quality just a hair fuzzy, in my view
1	b&amp;w 600x600 dpi, text quality is good, image quality ok, light
1	b&amp;w 600x600 dpi, text quality is good, simulacrum quality ok, illume
0	Cost of Cartridge 
0	Cost of cartridge 
1	FAST PRINTING
1	FAST print
0	battery life, scratches easily
0	battery life, rub easily
1	Good Quality Pictures. Easy to use. Price was great! 
1	Good lineament Pictures. Easy to use. Price was great! 
1	Rugged Body, Compact, Hi-Res, Manual options, great images w/practice, battery life
1	Rugged Body, thick, Hi-Res, Manual options, great images w/practise, battery life
1	Great pictures, great pricing
1	peachy pictures, great pricing
1	4MP for a good price.  Good Quality images.  
1	4MP for a good price.  Good Quality epitome.  
1	cell phone/palm pda combo all work as expected. lots of 3rd party enhancements. speakerphone.
1	cellphone phone/palm pda combo all work as bear. muckle of 3rd party enhancements. speakerphone.
0	Bright screen/color display drains battery, didn't come with travel charger
0	Bright concealment/color display drains battery, didn't number with travel charger
0	Can be slightly uncomfortable in pocket, hard to reach volume control
0	seat be slightly uncomfortable in pocket, hard to reach volume assure
1	Small and pretty easy to use.  Extras not found on cheap cameras.
1	Small and pretty easily to use.  Extras not found on trashy cameras.
1	Great for printing photos.
1	peachy for printing photos.
0	Horrible picture quality. Weak flash
0	Horrible picture calibre. Weak flash
0	Limited light handling capabilities.  Poor color fidelity. 
0	fix light handling capabilities.  Poor color fidelity. 
1	Inexpensive, plenty of features for the money, good sound quality.
1	Inexpensive, stack of features for the money, well sound quality.
1	Great price
1	heavy price
1	Small, Comes with A/C Adapter
1	Small, Comes with A/cytosine Adapter
1	Great control over color, contrast, and exposure; Hot shoe, Continuous-drive mode
1	cracking control over coloration, contrast, and exposure; Hot shoe, Continuous-drive mode
1	love every bit of the stroller
1	bonk every bit of the stroller
0	graphic printing
0	lifelike printing
1	Low Price, Good Quality
1	Low Price, Good timber
0	Lens cap design is poor, complicated menus.
0	Lens cap design is poor, complicated carte.
1	Lightweight, durable, great turning radius.
1	Lightweight, durable, great ferment radius.
0	On the power cord, calls drop!
0	On the tycoon cord, calls drop!
0	No camera, no music tones, only polyphonic ringtones.
0	No camera, no music intone, only polyphonic ringtones.
1	Too many to list here
1	also many to list here
0	Poor battery life, picture quality, software. List goes on.
0	Poor battery life, picture quality, software. List plump on.
0	slow
0	tardily
0	None
0	none
1	Print quality, ease of use, ink cartridge life, legal size paper capability.
1	Print calibre, ease of use, ink cartridge lifespan, legal size paper capability.
1	Can hold TWO infant car seats!
1	fundament hold TWO infant car seats!
0	none
0	none
0	tiny screen, terrible color quality, poor quality camera, no card storage and MORE
0	tiny test, terrible color timber, poor quality camera, no card storage and MORE
1	Solid hardware, good software
1	Solid ironware, good software
1	Great Media Format, Huge storage capability, Video/Audio Output
1	Great Media Format, Huge storage capability, picture/Audio Output
0	small memory card
0	small memory scorecard
0	Expensive
0	expensive
1	Great photo quality for this level of camera.  Easy to use.
1	Great pic prize for this level of camera.  Easy to use.
0	Battery life is horrible!
0	Battery life-time is horrible!
0	can be intimidating
0	can be restrain
1	grate photo on glossy paper.
1	grate exposure on glossy paper.
1	Good Print Quality, light weight, good cartridges, USB, Easy Operation, Good Software
1	Good Print Quality, luminosity weightiness, good cartridges, USB, Easy Operation, Good Software
0	MPG movies only record 15 seconds, a little expensive
0	MPG movies only record 15 mo, a little expensive
1	Reliable and inexpensive
1	authentic and inexpensive
1	Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
1	Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, slowly to modify, etc.
0	Downloading Time
0	Downloading metre
0	-bad red eye removal, -buttons too hard to press
0	-badness red eye removal, -buttons too hard to press
0	price; lack of view finder
0	price; lack of survey finder
1	an excellent introduction to digital photography
1	an excellent entry to digital photography
0	None
0	none
1	Simple installation, compatibility.
1	round-eyed installation, compatibility.
0	eats batteries like mad
0	eats batteries like frantic
0	Reception/Signal Strength, poor sound quality, lame address book software
0	Reception/Signal Strength, poor sound calibre, lame address Word software
1	Ultra compact, five megapixels, manual exposure options, 
1	Ultra thickset, five megapixels, manual exposure options, 
1	Great reception, internet capable, Size,
1	Great receipt, internet capable, Size,
1	Easy set up, Ease of use, no paper jams, great resolution
1	Easy fit up, Ease of use, no paper throng, great resolution
1	Ideal for jogging and getting over rough terrain
1	Ideal for jogging and drive over rough terrain
1	Small size easy for men to carry in their pocket.
1	Small size easy for serviceman to persuade in their pocket.
0	Eh...batteries life and red eye (but read on)
0	Eh...batteries spirit and red eye (but read on)
0	Sometime better to use viewfinder
0	Sometime best to use viewfinder
0	Something is up with the batteries?
0	Something is up with the battery?
1	Very stylish, light weight, durable, external antenna for better signal.
1	Very stylish, light weighting, durable, external antenna for better signaling.
1	Light, Feature Packed, Customizable, Easily fits in pocket
1	Light, Feature Packed, Customizable, Easily agree in pocket
1	Long life battery, very reliable
1	foresighted life battery, very reliable
1	work horse
1	run horse
0	EVF, Sony Memory Stick proprietary storage media, and poor ergonomics. , 
0	EVF, Sony Memory wedge proprietary reposition media, and poor ergonomics. , 
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to utilize
1	Small, lightweight, fast and easy photo transfer to the computer
1	Small, lightweight, debauched and light photo transfer to the computer
1	Nice features like 2 sided printing, excellent output
1	nice features like 2 sided printing, excellent output
1	lots of options, sounds clear, easy to use
1	lots of options, sounds assoil, easy to use
1	Small, compact, light
1	Small, compact, luminance
0	somewhat pricey
0	somewhat dear
1	Outstanding combination of features and value. 
1	undischarged combination of features and value. 
1	Small, Battery Life
1	little, Battery Life
0	Long in length, Less Than Adequate Network
0	Long in length, LE Than Adequate Network
1	Cost, Speed, Quality, Service
1	cost, Speed, Quality, Service
0	Slow processor, software is erratic and locks up on download,  exposure control difficult.
0	Slow processor, software is erratic and curl up on download,  exposure ascendency difficult.
0	none
0	none
1	Price, technology, quality
1	price, technology, quality
0	The absolute worst picture quality I've ever seen on ANY digital camera, at any price.
0	The absolute defective photograph quality I've ever date on ANY digital camera, at any price.
1	Great design! User friendly picture taking.
1	Great innovation! User friendly picture taking.
0	No buttons for dialing * &#13;&#10;Dim in sunlight
0	No buttons for dialing * &#xiii;&#10;Dim in sunlight
1	pretty good value
1	pretty thoroughly value
1	clear pictures, fast
1	clean pictures, fast
1	currently free (with activation) from T-mobile; includes camera attachment
1	currently devoid (with activation) from T-mobile; includes camera attachment
0	Flimsy, expensive to keep replacing ink
0	Flimsy, expensive to sustain replacing ink
1	Typical Nokia quality, easy to use, decent features for the money, cool new looks
1	Typical Nokia quality, easy to use, adequate features for the money, cool new face
1	Great Quality Photo Prints, Cheap on Ink in the long run.
1	majuscule Quality Photo Prints, Cheap on Ink in the long function.
1	Size- works well (for awhile)
1	Size- shape well (for awhile)
0	none so far
0	none so FAR
0	No "real" control panel, no power switch (both of which are marginal complaints at best)
0	No "real" verify panel, no superpower switch (both of which are marginal complaints at effective)
1	features, picture quality
1	features, picture tone
1	Detailed timers/logging for all calls, size, user interface, battery life.
1	Detailed timers/logging for all yell, size, user interface, battery life-time.
1	Easy to get started, good value for price, crystal clear LCD
1	Easy to get started, good value for cost, crystal realise LCD
0	is not compatible with IE.5.5 or IE.6
0	is not compatible with IE.5.fivesome or IE.sextet
0	Needs a vibrating battery for vibrating mode; external antenna
0	demand a vibrating battery for vibrating mode; external antenna
0	Minor features wish had
0	Minor boast wish had
1	Good Price, Built Well, Great Resolution!
1	Good Price, Built Well, nifty Resolution!
0	battery life, Menus, evil sounds.
0	battery life, Menus, evil vocalize.
0	frequent battery recharging, doesn't have zoom
0	frequent battery recharging, doesn't have soar
0	one software problem with sound
0	unrivaled software problem with sound
1	EASE OF USE
1	EASE OF use
1	Price, Ease of Use, Power Cord While Uploading Photos, Timer
1	Price, facilitate of usage, Power Cord While Uploading Photos, Timer
1	Super light and tiny, great battery, powerful programming.
1	Super clear and tiny, great battery, powerful programming.
1	Will let you know how patient you are
1	Will let you eff how patient you are
1	user friendly with nice shortcuts.
1	user friendly with squeamish shortcuts.
1	great camera awesome resolution, zoom.
1	great camera awesome solution, zoom.
1	Small, clear sound, durable, good design
1	Small, exonerated sound, durable, good design
0	None
0	none
0	Weak Speaker, Somewhat glitchy, Bad Voice commands, no full color? =)
0	Weak utterer, Somewhat glitchy, Bad Voice overlook, no full color? =)
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	Looks and feels gaudy, speak time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	Paint. Screen at times. COST.
0	Paint. Screen at meter. COST.
0	no flash, annoying beep when buttons pressed, shutter button in an uncomfortable spot
0	no flash, annoying beep when buttons constrict, shutter button in an uncomfortable slur
0	No address book, no Internet
0	No address leger, no Internet
0	Poor low light operation, should be rated at better than ISO 100
0	Poor low light process, should be rated at better than ISO century
0	Keylock sometimes goes off after screensaver goes on
0	Keylock sometimes goes off after screensaver tour on
0	could use more memory
0	could use more remembering
1	good price, quiet, effective
1	good price, restrained, effective
0	Too small, display too small
0	also small, display too small
0	Read the review to see how many flaws this phone has
0	register the review to watch how many flaws this phone has
0	loaded paper crooked, paper jammed, unreliable
0	crocked paper crooked, paper jammed, unreliable
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to enjoyment
1	good photos, easy to use, extra accessories, good price
1	expert photos, easy to use, extra accessories, good price
0	A little harder to carry.
0	A little heavily to carry.
0	doesn't come with adapter
0	doesn't total with adapter
0	not photo-quality for largest pictures
0	not photo-quality for declamatory pictures
0	hard to see through viewfinder in bright light. drains batterys quickley
0	concentrated to see through viewfinder in bright luminousness. drains batterys quickley
0	The Cost $$$$$$$
0	The price $$$$$$$
0	no bad things about phone
0	no bad affair about phone
0	Slow turn-on/storage times, no optical zoom, short battery life
0	deadening turn-on/storage times, no optical zoom, brusque battery life
0	no accessories, short battery life
0	no accessories, short battery aliveness
0	Slow recovery and Software
0	Slow convalescence and Software
1	Slim, compact, outside display
1	Slim, compact, outdoors display
1	inexpensive, aesthetically pleasing, has the features of more expensive phones
1	inexpensive, aesthetically pleasing, has the lineament of more expensive earpiece
1	Good print quality, speed, original cost
1	serious print quality, speed, original cost
0	Large size,High drain on batteries
0	Large size,High drainage on batteries
1	Can be used worldwide, inexpensive camera phone
1	butt be used worldwide, inexpensive camera phone
0	Battery, Reception, Phone's software freezes, overpriced
0	Battery, Reception, Phone's software immobilize, overpriced
1	Very easy to use, Great picture Quality, Video with Audio is a great feature
1	Very easy to use, Great picture quality, Video with Audio is a large feature
1	A nice integrated phone and palm device with many cool features.
1	A gracious integrated phone and decoration device with many cool features.
0	Software drivers are poorly coded.  Causes problems in printing and alignment.
0	Software drivers are poorly twit.  Causes problems in impression and alignment.
1	costs and print quality
1	costs and print calibre
1	Maximum Cache and features, including blue tooth
1	Maximum Cache and features, including drear tooth
0	Screen hard to read in bright light, ringer and speaker volume not very loud.
0	Screen intemperate to read in bright luminosity, ringer and speaker volume not very loud.
1	Combines Palm and cell phone devices well.  Easy to use, comes with two batteries
1	Combines Palm and cell phone devices fountainhead.  Easy to utilization, comes with two batteries
1	Big screen; roller thing; nice design; good battery life; predictive text input; voice tags
1	Big test; roller thing; nice design; good battery life; predictive text input; phonation tags
1	makes a good paperweight, looks impressive
1	makes a sound paperweight, looks impressive
0	Paper jams occasionally
0	Paper pack occasionally
0	It doesn't have a LCD screen in the back for instant viewing
0	It doesn't have a LCD screen in the rear for minute viewing
1	Functions Well, Durable, Excellent Menu, Nice Appearance
1	Functions Well, Durable, Excellent Menu, overnice Appearance
0	Ships with small CF card of 32mb.
0	Ships with small CF poster of 32mb.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to manipulation
0	No way to sync with PC out of the box.
0	No fashion to sync with PC out of the boxwood.
0	Sprint phone case opens by itself
0	Sprint phone character opens by itself
0	None
0	none
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color sieve, battery last forever.
1	Nice multifunction machine for the price
1	decent multifunction machine for the price
1	Excellent picture quality, feels like a real camera, unlike some digitals.  3.34  megapixels non-interlaced.
1	excellent picture quality, feels care a real camera, unlike some digitals.  III.34  megapixels non-interlaced.
0	long antenna(when extended), rather large size, no calendar, ring tones mostly silent
0	long antenna(when extended), rather large sizing, no calendar, ring tincture mostly silent
0	Bad T9/iTap selection, self restart problem, marginal speakerphone
0	Bad T9/iTap selection, self restart trouble, marginal speakerphone
1	Affordable.  Good print quality.
1	Affordable.  good print quality.
1	lightest cell phone ever had
1	short cell phone ever had
0	expensive, bulky, and heavy
0	expensive, bulky, and operose
0	cam resolution
0	cam resoluteness
1	Excellent image, 35mm competitor, excellent overall features
1	Excellent effigy, 35mm competitor, excellent overall features
0	none
0	none
1	good quality, compact, easy to use, features
1	good quality, contract, easy to use, features
1	Two way radio service
1	Two way radio serving
0	Thank you very much!
0	Thank you very often!
1	great pictures, great resolution, great storage
1	great picture, great resolution, great storage
0	Requires specific inks and only good quality papers.
0	Requires specific inks and only proficient quality papers.
1	Long battery life, dowloadable ring tones, graphics, themes and games, color screen
1	Long barrage life, dowloadable ring tones, graphics, base and games, color screen
1	Image Quality, Ease of Installation, Reduced Price ($299)!  Must Buy!
1	simulacrum Quality, rest of Installation, Reduced Price ($299)!  Must Buy!
0	Non-Standard Memory, Serial Interface
0	Non-Standard retentiveness, Serial Interface
0	Battery life, accessories
0	Battery liveliness, accessories
1	~ easy to use, ~ very durable, ~ takes great pictures
1	~ easy to use, ~ very durable, ~ takes great depict
0	Extremely poor quality pics.
0	Extremely piteous quality pics.
0	Battery life
0	barrage life
1	good solid camera with floppy disk option
1	beneficial solid camera with floppy disk option
1	Cheap, excellent print quality, easy to set up, fairly quick.
1	crummy, excellent print quality, comfortable to set up, fairly quick.
0	extremely poor design. too many flaws to list - stay away
0	super poor design. too many flaws to list - stay forth
0	Washed-out printouts, slow**
0	bleached printouts, slow**
1	Super cute exterior, small size, blue led
1	Super cunning exterior, small size, blue led
1	Great picture, color, ease of use
1	Great picture, color, simpleness of use
1	Inexpensive, great text, reliable, space saving design, ink lasts long
1	Inexpensive, great textbook, reliable, place saving design, ink lasts long
1	Fast and Hassle Free Printing
1	libertine and Hassle Free Printing
0	Software is bulky
0	package is bulky
0	Very bad speaker which vibrates, and Vibrate ringer is very weak
0	Very bad loudspeaker which vibrates, and thrill ringer is very weak
0	NO BASKET, Canopy is useless...does not protect baby from sun or rain.
0	NO BASKET, Canopy is useless...does not protect infant from sun or pelting.
1	It will handle most small office needs
1	It will palm most small office needs
1	Great Little Printer.....Better Price
1	Great Little Printer.....meliorate Price
0	Very poor and defective software.
0	Very wretched and defective software.
1	too big to forget somewhere
1	too gravid to forget somewhere
0	only holds one ink cartridge at a time
0	only restrain one ink cartridge at a time
0	Software interface can still confuse some
0	Software interface can still discombobulate some
1	chic construction, mp3 ringtones, great screen, beautiful earpiece sound
1	stylishness construction, mp3 ringtones, great screen, beautiful earpiece sound
0	You must download drivers for windows xp
0	You must download driver for windows xp
1	Small, user-friendly, versatile
1	small-scale, user-friendly, versatile
1	good quality prints
1	honorable quality prints
0	No long zoom for it
0	No long soar for it
1	Very Cheap and easy to use.
1	Very Cheap and leisurely to use.
0	Having to buy mouthly cards to charge it
0	make to buy mouthly cards to charge it
0	ink cartridges on the expensive side
0	ink cartridges on the expensive incline
0	3X Zoom is weak and SmartMedia cards are VERY fragile, eats batteries
0	3X Zoom is decrepit and SmartMedia menu are VERY fragile, eats batteries
0	Everything
0	Everything
1	cheap
1	tatty
0	amount of pictures you can shoot
0	amount of photo you can shoot
0	Key lock, battery life
0	Key operate, battery life
1	Small, nice design, long battery life, features
1	Small, nice design, prospicient battery life, features
1	i carry it everywhere with me
1	i carry it everyplace with me
0	Battery Life is about one weeks worth of picture taking
0	Battery sprightliness is about one weeks worth of delineation taking
0	hard on batteries, slow recovery time, limited manual mode.
0	hard on batteries, slow recovery time, express manual mode.
0	Dimly back-lit keypad, and it is a little large for a folding phone.
0	Dimly back-lit keypad, and it is a niggling large for a foldable phone.
1	Ease of use, Compatability, high quality color for price paid
1	Ease of apply, Compatability, high quality colorize for price paid
0	Side camera button....battery life over estimated
0	Side camera clitoris....battery life over estimated
0	Low paper capacity
0	scurvy paper capacity
1	Small size, good resolution, USB connector.
1	Small size, full resolution, USB connector.
1	Easy to use, lightweight, built in flash
1	slow to use, lightweight, built in flash
1	Excellent control over the photographic process, awesome video and macro
1	Excellent control over the photographic operation, awful video and macro
0	Very fragile antenna, lots of static, unimpressive battery life.
0	Very fragile antenna, raft of static, unimpressive battery life.
0	Time to auto-focus, 2 independant software packages for some reason
0	clock to auto-focus, 2 independant software packages for some intellect
0	Fuzzy sound, echoes, too many hard-to-use options, overly complicated
0	Fuzzy sound, echoes, too many hard-to-use selection, overly complicated
0	Limited speed dial feature, no camera, no speaker phone.
0	fix speed dial feature, no camera, no speaker phone.
0	Battery life could be better
0	Battery life could be best
1	Ease of operation, excellent picture quality, value
1	Ease of operation, first-class picture quality, value
1	External caller ID. That's about it.
1	External phoner ID. That's about it.
0	HONESTLY NONE AT ALL
0	HONESTLY NONE AT totally
1	the actual printer is cheap
1	the actual printer is gimcrack
1	Battery life, screen resolution, speakerphone
1	Battery life, screen closure, speakerphone
0	Size; Slow battery charger
0	Size; dumb battery charger
1	Excellent photo-quality,very affordable, borderless sizingand printing!
1	Excellent photo-quality,very affordable, borderless sizingand publish!
0	Haven't found any yet
0	Haven't rule any yet
1	Awesome entry level unit.  Easy to use.
1	Awesome entry charge unit.  Easy to use.
0	Occasionally jams if you push the paper in too far
0	occasionally hole if you push the paper in too far
0	A little big and heavy...
0	A little big and sullen...
0	Size, T9 text
0	Size, T9 textbook
1	Free phone,great sound quality,easy to use with more features than older model.
1	Free phone,great sound character,easy to use with more features than older mould.
0	"OK" and "Send" buttons are too close together, minor bug with alerts system
0	"OK" and "place" buttons are too unaired together, minor bug with alerts system
0	keypad is well-designed but small, needs standard ringer
0	keypad is well-designed but small, want standard ringer
1	Great print quality, speed, and reliability
1	Great mark quality, speed, and reliability
0	No zoom and if you plan to print these out they will be grainy. 
0	No zoom and if you design to mark these out they will be grainy. 
0	Too much of a reddish cast given to most indoor pictures.
0	Too much of a reddish cast leave to most indoor characterisation.
0	Did not print photos!!  3 month warranty, no toll free tech support.
0	Did not print photos!!  triad month warranty, no toll absolve tech support.
1	speed, document size
1	rush, document size
1	Great quality and quiet.
1	large quality and quiet.
0	Buttons are very sensitive to moisture, spray, etc.
0	push are very sensitive to moisture, spray, etc.
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	stupefy reception, vibrant colouring screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Light and folds small
1	Light and folds minor
1	16" wheels = smooth ride, easy to push even for a small person
1	16" wheels = smooth ride, slow to push even for a small individual
0	It is not as user friendly as other phones I have used.
0	It is not as user well-disposed as other phones iodine have used.
1	Easy to use - very logical buttons
1	well-off to use - very logical buttons
1	Cheap! Color. Same look and feel as other HP DeskJets
1	Cheap! emblazon. Same face and feel as other HP DeskJets
0	Horrible Technical Support and no future printer driver updates. 
0	Horrible Technical Support and no futurity printer driver updates. 
0	No zoom, no sound in movie mode
0	No zoom, no profound in movie mode
1	Clear pictures.  Comfortable to use.  There is a lot you can do with this camera if you take the time to learn it.
1	decipherable flick.  Comfortable to use.  There is a dispense you can do with this camera if you contract the time to learn it.
1	Speed, Cost, Quality
1	swiftness, Cost, Quality
0	No optical zoom, battery life, poor picture quality, slow transfer
0	No optical zoom, battery life, short picture choice, slow transfer
0	Cons: see &amp;#147;a few concerns&amp;#148; below&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Cons: examine &amp;#147;a few concerns&amp;#148; below&AMP;#13;&amp;#ten;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Limited memory for phone numbers and SMS messages.
0	Limited memory for phone count and SMS messages.
1	small, lightweight, outer LCD display is awesome
1	small, lightweight, outer LCD display is amazing
0	Buggy operation. Never had a phone with a serious defect like this one.
0	kooky operation. Never had a phone with a grievous defect like this one.
1	Camera.
1	camera.
0	Poor battery life.  Shoddy and failure-prone software.
0	misfortunate battery life.  Shoddy and failure-prone software.
0	Can't find a good headset
0	Can't find a sound headset
1	Great reception and receives all calls
1	keen reception and receives all calls
0	Screen brightness, no 3G compatibility, no downloadable ring tones, ringer too quiet, battery life weak
0	cover brightness, no 3G compatibility, no downloadable ring timbre, ringer too muted, battery life weak
1	Features (4050 Series), Panel Controls, Duplex available
1	characteristic (4050 Series), Panel Controls, Duplex available
1	excellent picture quality, long battery life, many extra features
1	excellent picture quality, long battery biography, many extra features
0	unreliable, slow navigation through the menus, awkward text messaging.
0	unreliable, slow navigation through the card, awkward text messaging.
1	Light, sleek design, color screen, status light, external caller ID
1	scant, sleek design, color screen, condition light, external caller ID
0	none yet
0	none still
1	great photos
1	smashing photos
0	Difficult to hold, long write times for TIFF
0	Difficult to grasp, long write times for TIFF
0	paper feed
0	paper bung
0	Cheap plastic which gives, including the flip; CHEAP Build qaulity
0	Cheap plastic which hold, including the interchange; CHEAP Build qaulity
0	Somewhat expensive for 2 megapixels, only 8MB memory included and no rechargeable batteries.
0	Somewhat expensive for 2 megapixels, only 8MB retention included and no rechargeable bombardment.
0	Major inconvenience, requires constant attention
0	Major inconvenience, requires invariant attention
1	Easy to use, good picture quality.
1	Easy to use, good picture select.
0	none i can think of.
0	none i can believe of.
1	Great Quality
1	Great choice
0	chipped cartridges
0	chipped cartridge
1	Easy to use, fast mode switching, high resolution, not too heavy 
1	Easy to role, fast mode switching, high resolution, not too large 
0	Larger than the newer phones
0	Larger than the newer call
0	two-handed release to fold
0	ambidextrous release to fold
0	can't think of any
0	can't reckon of any
1	Great ink setup. Excellent color and speed.
1	Great ink setup. Excellent discolor and speed.
0	The screen dims considerably after a period of time making reading it a real chore
0	The screen dims considerably after a period of time constitute indication it a real job
0	Antenna Sticks Out, Not Very Sexy
0	Antenna stupefy Out, Not Very Sexy
0	No EDGE
0	No march
0	Drinks ink, clogs easily
0	Drinks ink, geta easily
0	A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
0	A chip bulky.  I really can't imagine of much else!
1	View window, ease of use, clear pictures, 6x optical zoom
1	View window, ease of utilize, clearly pictures, 6x optical zoom
0	Integrated toner and drum cartridge
0	Integrated toner and cram cartridge
0	No TV hookups! No Rechargeable Batteries included!
0	No TV hookups! No rechargeable Batteries included!
1	Great pictures, great price
1	corking pictures, great price
0	doesn't print at a professional level
0	doesn't print at a professional story
1	perfectly portable
1	utterly portable
1	Price, Ease of Use, GREAT Photo Quality, Easy Pic Transfer Software, Lightweight.
1	Price, Ease of Use, smashing Photo Quality, Easy Pic remove Software, Lightweight.
0	Serial only interface
0	series only interface
1	Great list of built-in games, easy to use configuration.
1	Great list of built-in games, easily to use configuration.
0	Red eye is just like other cameras.  No different than disposable.
0	carmine eyeball is just like other cameras.  No different than disposable.
1	Easy&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Decent quality
1	wanton&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Decent quality
1	Great  pictures!
1	large  pictures!
0	Very user un-friendly buttons, bad reception, my husband hates it!
0	Very user un-friendly release, bad receipt, my husband hates it!
1	stand alone color copier, very good print quality, good price for a All-in-one
1	rack alone colourise copier, very good print quality, good price for a All-in-one
1	None
1	none
1	great quality, quick printing
1	great quality, fast printing
0	Time taken between pics
0	Time guide between pics
1	Great quality, good price, good brand name!
1	Great quality, good price, just brand name!
1	Improved controls over previous Powershots, long battery life.
1	Improved manipulate over previous Powershots, long battery life.
1	Ease of use, quality of photos, more than adequate software
1	Ease of use, lineament of photograph, more than adequate software
1	Good battery life
1	Good battery liveliness
0	Well, you get what you pay for...
0	Well, you get what you give for...
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of utilisation
0	Quite large
0	Quite boastfully
1	Good quality
1	good quality
1	features and price
1	boast and price
0	Only thing I could say is the battery life...but the pros far outweigh this!
0	exclusively thing I could enunciate is the battery biography...but the pros far outweigh this!
0	I want to touch it all the time.
0	I want to pertain it all the time.
0	Refer to this epinion.
0	touch to this epinion.
0	none yet...
0	none nevertheless...
1	Size, price and quality.
1	Size, price and prime.
0	None so far.
0	none so far.
0	Is it a scanner or not?
0	personify it a scanner or not?
0	printer cable that you have to buy separately
0	printer cablegram that you have to buy separately
0	Lens in an awkward spot, features sometimes hard to access
0	Lens in an awkward pip, feature sometimes hard to access
1	Pocket sized, easy to operate
1	Pocket size, easy to operate
1	Great Color
1	Great colouring
1	Compact camera that takes great pictures and MPegs (/w sound)
1	heavyset camera that takes great pictures and MPegs (/tungsten sound)
0	button dials could be louder.
0	release dials could be louder.
1	Reliable
1	authentic
1	Small changes from the 7210/6610 make this an outstanding phone.
1	Small transfer from the 7210/6610 have this an outstanding phone.
0	Very unreliable, what doesn't stink about it?
0	selfsame unreliable, what doesn't stink about it?
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
0	Can't employ it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, decrepit external screen
0	NO SUPPORT..
0	NO backing..
1	Very easy to use. Light weight. Keys are covered.
1	Very easy to use. lightsome weight. Keys are covered.
1	Cheap, Easy to Use
1	tatty, Easy to Use
0	Totally unreliable :(
0	all unreliable :(
0	Flipper breaks off easily, worse reception than my Nokia, bad lighting, buttons too small
0	Flipper breaks off easily, worse reception than my Nokia, bad unhorse, buttons too lowly
0	Fragile Internals
0	delicate Internals
0	isn't tightly integrated
0	isn't tightly mix
0	bad with pictures, paper not always read
0	bad with pictures, paper not always take
0	um...... a little on the expensive side
0	um...... a little on the expensive English
1	Scans, Copies, Faxes AND Prints! It's an HP!! Sleek
1	Scans, simulate, Faxes AND Prints! It's an HP!! Sleek
0	Freezes up all the time and doesn't keep a charge. Useless
0	Freezes up all the meter and doesn't sustenance a charge. Useless
0	Canon image service has a sneaky copyright agreement
0	Canon see service has a sneaky copyright agreement
0	Web feature not practical
0	Web sport not practical
1	whitish blue backlight color, animated menus, clear sound, cheep price, pretty light, etc.
1	whitish blue backlight color, animated menus, clear sound, cheep damage, pretty tripping, etc.
1	Very fast, and verasitile... Photo quality results
1	Very flying, and verasitile... Photo quality results
0	PictureLite3.2.  Serial cable download speed.
0	PictureLite3.2.  Serial cable download amphetamine.
1	Palm OS integrated, Very large address book, Voice dialing, speakerphone
1	Palm OS integrated, rattling large address book, interpreter dialing, speakerphone
0	horrible message alerting system, the inherent dialing problem, ....
0	ugly message alerting system, the inherent dialing problem, ....
1	Excellent value & only weighs 6 ozs.
1	first-class value & only weighs 6 ozs.
1	Light, Well Equipped, Good-Looking, Reliable, Superior Battery, Good Signal
1	Light, Well Equipped, Good-Looking, Reliable, Superior Battery, thoroughly Signal
1	Lots of range
1	Lots of orbit
0	Straps caused minor discomfort, but otherwise no complaints!
0	Straps caused underage discomfort, but otherwise no complaints!
0	Paper feeder not very good. Paper does not stay straight. Printer cartridges high. 
0	Paper tributary not very good. Paper does not stay straight. Printer magazine high. 
0	Doesn't do much besides print
0	Doesn't do much besides mark
1	Good quality of pictures and easy to use.
1	Good quality of pictures and well-to-do to use.
0	batteries need to be replaced often
0	batteries postulate to be replaced often
1	Great color screen, and speaker phone.
1	enceinte color screen, and speaker phone.
0	none
0	none
0	Use a rubber mat to stop the slight shaking.
0	Use a rubber mat to cease the slight shaking.
1	Fabulous picture quality, compact
1	Fabulous see quality, compact
0	Expensive...Printer???
0	Expensive...printer???
1	Very productive printer. QUIET!
1	rattling productive printer. QUIET!
0	none
0	none
0	none
0	none
0	Price. Same lousy charger as the 720s.  Ringtones.
0	Price. like lousy charger as the 720s.  Ringtones.
1	Lightweight, Walkie-Talkie Feature, Clear Sound.
1	Lightweight, Walkie-Talkie Feature, realise Sound.
0	no usb cable in the box
0	no usb cable in the loge
0	Poor reception, long boot time, drops calls, bulky, non intuitive user interface
0	Poor reception, long boot time, devolve calls, bulky, non intuitive exploiter interface
0	too wide to use indoors, expensive
0	too across-the-board to use indoors, expensive
1	sturdy, easy to use, 
1	sturdy, easy to consumption, 
0	nothing
0	zippo
1	Complete control over settings.
1	Complete ascertain over settings.
0	Defaults to color for copying
0	Defaults to colourize for copying
0	Smudgy text; poor color definition.
0	Smudgy text; wretched color definition.
1	small, compact, durable, stylish
1	little, compact, durable, stylish
0	battery/CF covers easily breakable, short battery life, shutter lag
0	battery/CF embrace easily breakable, short battery life, shutter slowdown
1	Lightweight and very compact when folded.
1	Lightweight and very covenant when folded.
0	No optical zoom, drains batteries too quick
0	No optical zoom, drains bombardment too quick
0	No AC adapter, only left/right cursor, no video out.
0	No AC adapter, only remaining/properly cursor, no video out.
0	You have to top it up every 3 months or lose the number,
0	You have to exceed it up every 3 months or miss the number,
0	ink runs out quick
0	ink bunk out quick
1	Cute, light weight, compact, decent display screen
1	Cute, calorie-free weight, compact, decent display screen
1	Get value,and what you expect (demand)for your money
1	perplex appreciate,and what you expect (demand)for your money
0	save your money
0	write your money
1	Fabulous lens, great pictures, many "35mm pro" features
1	Fabulous lens, bang-up pictures, many "35mm pro" features
0	none
0	none
0	Dark viewfinder takes a lot of light to see indoor pictures
0	Dark finder takes a deal of light to see indoor pictures
1	None come to mind
1	None semen to mind
1	Palm / Phone, Speakerphone, Lots of software available
1	Palm / Phone, Speakerphone, fate of software available
0	Shop around for a deal, it's probably slightly expensive! Worth the buy!
0	shit around for a pile, it's probably slightly expensive! Worth the buy!
0	Some signal problems, few carriers
0	Some signal problem, few carriers
1	large and cheap storage, easy data transfer to PC
1	large and cheap storage, easy datum transfer to PC
0	Runs out of ink too quickly, cartridges are costly
0	run out of ink too quickly, cartridges are costly
0	None so far.
0	none so far.
0	Bulky, outside has black and white screen, and flash isn't that great
0	Bulky, outside has black and clean screen, and scoot isn't that great
1	Great quality,low cost,fast printing
1	groovy quality,low cost,fast printing
0	Poor sound quality, poor ergonomics, difficult NOT to scratch screen
0	Poor sound tone, poor bioengineering, difficult NOT to scratch screen
1	Image Quality 
1	see Quality 
1	Very cheap and very quiet
1	rattling cheap and very quiet
1	Extremely practical, yet very cool!
1	exceedingly practical, yet very cool!
1	Does a very nice job if you set up properly.
1	Energy a very nice job if you dictated up properly.
0	No colour screen, slightly larger than most phones now
0	No colour screen, slightly larger than most phone now
0	None to Mention
0	None to reference
1	Good print from pictures and documents on your computer
1	skilful print from pictures and documents on your computer
0	frequent paper misfeeds, poor color quality, slower print time
0	frequent paper misfeeds, poor color tone, slower print time
1	Quick, quiet, good price
1	Quick, repose, good price
1	Good quality when used with good conditions.
1	Good quality when used with practiced conditions.
1	Swivel view finder
1	Swivel position finder
0	Software does not allow conversion from bitmap to jpeg formatting. Fragile. Low light problems
0	Software does not allow conversion from bitmap to jpeg formatting. Fragile. first luminance problems
0	none that I can tell so far.
0	none that I can severalise so far.
0	Color Screen in Outdoor Light, Phone freezes
0	Color Screen in Outdoor illuminate, Phone freezes
1	Inexpensive Photo Quality
1	Inexpensive photo Quality
1	Excellent Quality photos, and relatively easy to use.
1	Excellent Quality photos, and relatively wanton to use.
1	Speaker phone.
1	talker phone.
0	Expensive ink cartridges, Waste lots of ink clearing clogs
0	Expensive ink cartridges, Waste distribute of ink clearing clogs
1	Easy to use, sturdy
1	Easy to consumption, sturdy
1	Loud enough, uses Li ion battery
1	forte enough, uses Li ion battery
1	Price &amp;amp; ease of use
1	Price &amp;amp; allay of use
1	Design
1	intention
0	Pictures are grainy, Mac sync is weak.
0	ikon are grainy, Mac sync is weak.
1	Inexpensive, Great Print Quality on Plain Paper, Fast, AND Quiet
1	Inexpensive, great Print Quality on Plain Paper, firm, AND Quiet
1	it's cool, you can erase bad pictures
1	it's cool, you can erase bad show
1	Good Speed, Great Quality
1	serious Speed, Great Quality
1	Color screen, you can assign photos to caller ID
1	Color screen, you can assign photo to caller ID
1	Low cost, great picture quality, sturdy casing, great zoom
1	Low cost, great photo quality, sturdy casing, great zoom
1	Its cheap
1	Its brassy
0	No sports/action setting., Long time btw shots when using flash., Bad software.
0	No sports/action setting., Long time btw shots when using newsbreak., sorry software.
0	night shot doesnt work well
0	night charge doesnt work well
1	Inexpensive~~easy to use
1	Inexpensive~~easy to usage
0	no clock, no ringtones, poor navigation, no games, etc...
0	no clock, no ringtones, pitiful navigation, no games, etc...
0	Battery life, no zoom option
0	Battery liveliness, no zoom option
0	suddenly stopped printing yellow - out-of-warranty service is expensive
0	suddenly cease printing yellow - out-of-warranty service is expensive
0	A bigger screen and a better battery would be nice.
0	A bigger test and a wagerer battery would be nice.
0	None
0	none
1	Amazing picture quality, easy to use
1	Amazing fancy quality, easy to use
0	vibration is not strong at all
0	trembling is not strong at all
0	Sound quality is awful
0	vocalise quality is awful
1	Speaker Phone, Radio, Virtually Unbreakable, and A Lot More...
1	Speaker headphone, Radio, Virtually Unbreakable, and A Lot More...
0	Cannot think of one
0	Cannot think of unrivalled
0	cost, weight
0	cost, burthen
0	Larger footprint than the HP printers
0	Larger footprint than the HP printer
1	See description below
1	envision description below
1	Small and lightweight, Nice belt clip, good manual
1	Small and lightweight, Nice belt clip, effective manual
1	speed, reliability, floppy disk...
1	hurrying, reliability, floppy disk...
1	Small, light, fully functional phone for a great price.
1	Small, light, fully functional phone for a corking price.
0	expensive, made in China, questionable quality of materials
0	expensive, hold in China, questionable quality of materials
1	Great Print Quality, Fantastic speed, Makes Photos that are better the 35mm Prints !
1	Great Print Quality, marvellous speed, Makes Photos that are honorable the 35mm Prints !
0	This is probably best for home-use as there is nothing you can do if you fill up the quota (12-96 exposures depending on quality) of pictures...unless you buy another memory card.
0	This is plausibly well for home-use as there is nothing you can do if you sate up the quota (12-96 exposures look on quality) of depiction...unless you buy another store card.
0	Need USB filter driver &amp;amp; printer driver right away.
0	Need USB strain driver &AMP;amp; printer driver right away.
0	Default resolution is high (but can be changed before snapping the picture)
0	Default declaration is high (but can be changed before bust the picture)
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, deteriorate outcry.
1	Has nice print-outs when it works
1	Has nice print-outs when it go
1	Image quality and resolution; Ease of use 
1	Image quality and resolution; Ease of practice 
1	easy to use, many available ring tones
1	easy to use, many available ring tone
0	Operating system 'bugs', Navi button can confuse new users, no web access.
0	control system 'bugs', Navi button can befuddle new users, no web access.
0	Only 1.3 Mega-pixels, better bundled with key accessories
0	Only 1.3 Mega-pixels, better bundled with Key accessories
0	may be too small, aftermarket products hard to find, expensive
0	may be too small, aftermarket products unvoiced to bump, expensive
0	The new "Compaq" and "Samsung" compliant  cartridges don't work in it.
0	The young "Compaq" and "Samsung" compliant  cartridges don't exercise in it.
1	its a good camera
1	its a secure camera
1	Great quality for price, fast document printing, reliable for the most part
1	bang-up quality for price, fast document printing, true for the most part
1	none, it seems like a cool gadget but its defective junk
1	none, it seems like a aplomb widget but its defective junk
1	Still looking for some.
1	tranquillise looking for some.
1	Great quality of workmanship, great design and functionality
1	Great quality of workmanship, gravid design and functionality
1	EASY! Takes great pictures, and images are easy to edit.
1	EASY! consume great pictures, and visualise are easy to edit.
1	cheap storage, crisp clear beautiful photos
1	cheap storage, crisp top beautiful photos
1	light weight,colorful,durable,great service,no lost calls
1	light weight,colorful,durable,great service,no helpless calls
0	Now my wife can get me, not my pager!
0	Now my wife can pose me, not my pager!
1	easy to install, fast printing
1	easy to install, debauched printing
1	Good quality printing
1	Good calibre printing
0	Tends to get itself offline.
0	Tends to perplex itself offline.
1	Easy-To-Use, Many Features, Many Options, Rechargeable Longer-Lasting Batteries
1	Easy-To-Use, Many Features, Many choice, Rechargeable Longer-Lasting Batteries
1	Cool design, ability to print straight from memory cards without a computer, ability to download photos from memory cards to the computer, FAST color printing
1	sang-froid design, ability to print straightaway from memory cards without a estimator, ability to download photos from memory card to the computer, dissolute color printing
0	expensive consumables, like most inkjets
0	expensive consumables, care most inkjets
0	Limited resolution, expensive for a one Megapixel camera, battery hog
0	limit resolution, expensive for a unity Megapixel camera, battery hog
0	RECEPTION!
0	response!
1	great for photography buff as well as point and shoot person
1	great for photography buff as substantially as level and shoot person
0	Short battery life.
0	brusque battery life.
0	paper feeder, print cartridge is expensive
0	paper affluent, print cartridge is expensive
1	cheap, easy to operate, more pixel for the buck
1	cheap, easy to operate, more pixel for the tear
1	Absolutely nothing
1	Absolutely aught
1	Great battery life (Ni-MH), Good quality photos, Relatively small
1	slap-up battery life (Ni-MH), Good quality photos, Relatively small
0	Flash doesn't throttle down well for macros, slightly softer images (not big deal).
0	Flash doesn't throttle down wellspring for macros, slightly softer images (not heavy deal).
0	none
0	none
0	Nikon won't repair it
0	Nikon won't renovate it
0	Quality Sucks&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Eats Batteries
0	character Sucks&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Eats Batteries
0	small screen for mobile web
0	minor screen for mobile web
0	bulky for today's standards
0	bulky for today's banner
0	Ink runs out fast, prints in moderate speed
0	Ink work out fast, prints in moderate speed
1	Good reception, strong signal, large sized keypad, good call reception, speaker option excellent.
1	Good reception, strong signal, large sized keypad, good address reception, speaker option splendid.
0	Radiation Levels, long menus, 100 Number Memory.
0	Radiation Levels, recollective menus, 100 Number Memory.
1	Voice Clarity, Features, Price
1	Voice lucidness, Features, Price
0	Very slow
0	Very tardily
1	Lightweight, solid, large phonebook, voice activation, small size, neat features (see review)
1	Lightweight, solid, large phonebook, voice activation, minor size, neat features (check review)
0	Buggy software.  Bluetooth connectivity.
0	loopy software.  Bluetooth connectivity.
1	Perfect screen, great ringers, attractive look, small, easy to use, MANY GREAT AND USEFUL OPTIONS.
1	Perfect blind, swell ringers, attractive look, small, easy to employment, MANY GREAT AND USEFUL OPTIONS.
1	great text and photo printing
1	groovy text and photo printing
0	The camera quits after too few photos;  must then wait.
0	The camera resign after too few picture;  must then wait.
1	Decent printing quality
1	decent printing quality
1	Great size,weight, fairly easy to use.
1	Great size,weight, fairly tardily to use.
0	Not too good at closeups of flowers.
0	Not too well at closeups of flowers.
0	Refills are expensive
0	refill are expensive
0	No Optical Viewfinder, "chintzy" 4 megabyte included Memory Stick
0	No Optical Viewfinder, "cheesy" 4 megabyte included Memory Stick
1	lightweight, simple
1	lightweight, mere
0	Does not have full features.
0	come not have full features.
0	Headset doesn't have answer/hangup button.
0	Headset doesn't have answer/hangup clitoris.
0	Battery could have more standby and talk time.
0	Battery could have more standby and mouth time.
0	doesn't grant me all-encompassing power over women...just kidding...no cons
0	doesn't give me all-encompassing power over women...just kidding...no victimize
1	cost, resolution
1	toll, resolution
1	Excellent image quality and ease of use
1	Excellent image quality and ease of utilisation
0	Slow download to computer via P/port cable
0	slow download to computer via P/port cable
1	Size, Weight, White Backlight, signal
1	Size, Weight, White Backlight, signaling
0	Only 2.0 Megapixels
0	exclusively 2.0 Megapixels
1	Quality, Size, Image quality, Lens, Software
1	Quality, Size, visualise quality, Lens, Software
0	High Ink Usage, Poor Mechanics, Poor Print Quality
0	High Ink Usage, inadequate Mechanics, Poor Print Quality
0	Somewhat noisy
0	slightly noisy
0	No power switch.
0	No power change.
0	Poor low-light quality, awful flash, stopped working after a month
0	Poor low-light quality, frightening flash, cease working after a month
0	difficult to set up and understand.  jams a little often
0	difficult to Seth up and empathize.  jams a little often
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	A decent phone with some unique characteristic!
0	none, plastic feels cheap
0	none, plastic feels sleazy
0	Predictive text drives me crazy!
0	Predictive text labour me crazy!
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
1	cracking reception, well-built (not fragile), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
1	superb image quality, easy to use, sets new low-price standards
1	superb see quality, easy to use, determine new low-price standards
0	Have to wait for print screen before you can do anything else
0	stimulate to wait for print cover before you can do anything else
1	Great Quality Pictures for the price, Small and Compact, low price
1	peachy Quality Pictures for the price, low and Compact, low price
0	Neck strap (hey - gotta say something bad, don't you?)
0	Neck strap (hey - gotta pronounce something bad, don't you?)
0	Everything else, no games, Don't touch this phone, litterally! (read the full review for explanation)
0	Everything else, no games, Don't touch this call, litterally! (record the full reexamine for explanation)
1	Compact size, Easy to Use, Mpeg, Self-Time, UNDERWATER HOUSING AVAILABLE!!!
1	concordat size, Easy to utilization, Mpeg, Self-Time, UNDERWATER HOUSING AVAILABLE!!!
0	Verizon interface, Vcast, ringtone & music apps, microSD location
0	Verizon interface, Vcast, ringtone & medicine apps, microSD location
1	great pictures, and low money, depending on the person
1	great pictures, and small money, depending on the person
0	None that I know of so far.
0	None that I recognise of so far.
0	Hard to take low-light pictures.
0	Hard to consume low-light pictures.
1	Small, stainless casing, 2 megapixel quality camera at a good price
1	Small, untainted casing, 2 megapixel quality camera at a well price
1	great memory
1	great retentiveness
0	Small keys
0	low keys
0	Long battery recharge time.
0	foresightful battery recharge time.
1	Superior photo quality, price, accepts Microdrives, battery life, Nikon compatible
1	Superior photo prize, cost, accepts Microdrives, battery life, Nikon compatible
0	No case.  Awkward zoom control
0	No slip.  Awkward zoom control
1	handy, nice mp3 player, fun toy
1	handy, gracious mp3 player, fun toy
0	Discs have memory restrictions and I've had trouble connecting USB port to my CPU.
0	Discs have memory restrictions and I've had difficulty colligate USB port to my CPU.
1	A feature packed camera without the large price-tag.
1	A feature packed camera without the tumid price-tag.
1	NO film developing
1	NO film recrudesce
0	hard to read display, selection wheel is temperamental.
0	hard to read expose, selection wheel is temperamental.
0	drains batteries, bad photo quality, software only works with Windows 98 and above
0	drains battery, bad photo quality, software only play with Windows 98 and above
1	Cheap and Happy
1	crummy and Happy
0	Nextel Customer service, on-line customer service is a joke.
0	Nextel Customer service, on-line customer servicing is a joke.
0	text resolution
0	text solution
1	Compact Size, Stand Alone Ability
1	thick Size, Stand Alone Ability
1	Lots of features, Great battery, great outdoor pictures.
1	Lots of features, keen battery, great outdoor pictures.
0	Cost (But still worth it)
0	Cost (But quieten worth it)
0	The one self healing incident LOL
0	The ace self healing incident LOL
0	Short battery life, many features I won't use, ring is too low
0	Short battery life, many features ace won't use, border is too low
0	Battery drains fast if you keep the LCD screen on all the time
0	Battery drains fast if you keep the LCD screenland on all the sentence
1	Does everything quite well.
1	Does everything quite intimately.
1	Versatile face plate exchanges, 39 ring tones, Caller ID, 3 Games, Call log
1	Versatile side plate exchanges, 39 ring tones, Caller ID, tercet Games, Call log
0	lackluster performance, no AC adapter
0	lackluster performance, no Ac adapter
1	Able to change individual Ink Supplies.
1	Able to change individual Ink provide.
1	Stable Drivers, High Print Quality, Large Paper Tray
1	static Drivers, High Print Quality, Large Paper Tray
0	None
0	none
0	alittle slow start up time and might be alittle louder than average.
0	alittle decelerate start up time and might be alittle louder than fair.
1	light weight, voice dialing, vibrate, active IR port, easy to use, & more!
1	light weight, voice dialing, vibrate, combat-ready IR port, easy to utilize, & more!
0	misses focus, useless in low light
0	misses centering, useless in low light
0	bad Mac compatibility, paper feed problems, paper jams
0	bad Mac compatibility, paper feed problems, paper fix
1	*color Screen
1	*semblance Screen
0	Cartridges expensive, slow, problems when changing from defaults
0	Cartridges expensive, dumb, problems when changing from defaults
0	poor battery life, dropped calls, volume fluctuates without the users' control
0	pathetic battery life, swing calls, volume fluctuates without the users' control
1	Very pretty phone that makes an excellent paper-weight.
1	Very pretty phone that makes an fantabulous paper-weight.
1	Loads on disk,great resolution,easy to use
1	Loads on disk,great resolution,easy to apply
0	Troublesome photo tray; slow card reader
0	Troublesome photo tray; slow notice reader
0	Pictures fuzzy , grayish, and low-quality.  Slow Clicker.
0	characterisation fuzzy , grayish, and low-quality.  Slow Clicker.
0	reception could be better, side buttons, volume can be strange.
0	reception could be ripe, side buttons, bulk can be strange.
1	cheap initial
1	cheesy initial
1	solid light good looking
1	solid sluttish good looking
1	small, compact, pretty, durable, soft buttons
1	small, compendious, pretty, durable, soft buttons
1	Nice camera
1	dainty camera
0	battery life is good, but could be increased with an optional ion battery
0	shelling life is undecomposed, but could be increased with an optional ion battery
0	You get what you pay for
0	You aim what you pay for
1	Sexy looking, good reception, small and stylish
1	Sexy looking, secure reception, small and stylish
0	Limited (Included) Ring Tones
0	Limited (Included) peal Tones
0	None found yet
0	None plant yet
1	Very efficient camera I use it even for my commercial printing needs
1	Very efficient camera ace use it even for my commercial printing penury
1	Great print quality
1	cracking print quality
1	Just wonderful
1	Just marvelous
1	2 Way SMS, size, voice dialing, calendar, calculator -- many many pros
1	2 style SMS, size, sound dialing, calendar, calculator -- many many pros
1	Nice Price, Quick Non Color Printing, 4800x1200 Optimized dpi, Space Conservation, Windows XP Compatible.
1	Nice Price, ready Non colour Printing, 4800x1200 Optimized dpi, Space Conservation, Windows XP Compatible.
0	a bit bulky
0	a prick bulky
0	Cheap plastic hardware&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No flash
0	Cheap plastic hardware&A;#13;&amp;#10;No flash
0	Digital isn't film.
0	Digital isn't movie.
1	Color Screen/Speaker Phone/Sound Clarity/GPS
1	Color riddle/Speaker Phone/Sound Clarity/GPS
0	Slow recovery to shoot another shot.
0	Slow recovery to tear another shot.
0	no USB port
0	no USB embrasure
1	The Zoom!!! The features galore. 
1	The Zoom!!! The lineament galore. 
0	Price, basket
0	Price, hoop
1	Very light, excellent macro,excellent portrait with scenery background, easy to use
1	Very light, excellent macro,excellent portrait with scenery background, wanton to utilisation
0	Poor camera quality, card difficult to remove. Allowed Verizon to lock out features.
0	Poor camera quality, carte difficult to withdraw. Allowed Verizon to lock out features.
0	Bluetooth range isvery limited, almost all bluetooth users agree, this phone is bluetooth worthless (almost)
0	Bluetooth pasture isvery throttle, almost all bluetooth users agree, this phone is bluetooth vile (almost)
0	Titanium casing,sturdy keypad, loaded features
0	Titanium casing,sturdy keypad, blotto features
1	Great sound, sturdy, affordable, and small
1	Great sound, sturdy, affordable, and minor
0	Battery time, ringer volume, speaker volume
0	Battery time, ringer volume, verbaliser volume
1	Works good for basic things
1	mould good for basic things
1	High resolution, rugged and fairly compact metal body, advanced features
1	High resolution, rugged and middling stocky metal body, advanced features
1	Battery life, listen only speakerphone, data connectivity, light weight
1	Battery life, listen only speakerphone, data connectivity, wakeful weight
0	slow printing
0	slowly printing
0	No color display.
0	No coloration display.
0	Refill cartridges are a little expensive, though, they last.
0	Refill cartridges are a little expensive, though, they death.
1	Looks good, very convenient.
1	Looks expert, very convenient.
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	upright than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	Lighter-weight
1	Lighter-weight
0	Carrying case not included
0	Carrying typeface not included
0	fabric has faded, wheels squeak, doesn't go over bumps very easily
0	fabric has faded, wheels squeak, doesn't pass over bumps very easy
0	headset jack and charger cannot be used simultaneously
0	headset mariner and charger cannot be used simultaneously
1	Good looking phone, bluetooth, tons of features
1	commodity looking phone, bluetooth, tons of features
1	display, design, features
1	display, figure, features
1	For an Experienced Shooter takes great pictures.
1	For an Experienced Shooter have great pictures.
1	Small size, durable, packed with features. Has a vibrate alert.
1	Small size, durable, wad with sport. Has a vibrate alert.
0	no viewfinder == unusable
0	no finder == unusable
0	no auto timer
0	no motorcar timer
0	Disappearing (is Panasonic even making cellular phones anymore?)
0	Disappearing (is Panasonic even shit cellular phones anymore?)
1	excellent value, does video clips, very easy to use, web cam capability
1	excellent value, does video clips, very easy to function, net cam capability
1	Good picture quality for the price of camera.  Plenty of features.
1	full picture quality for the price of camera.  deal of features.
0	If one function breaks your without them all
0	If one function bust your without them all
0	weak vibration option
0	debile vibration option
1	battery life, solid feel, lit keys, reasonable camera, speakerphone
1	battery life, solid feel, dismount keys, reasonable camera, speakerphone
1	Cheap, sturdy looking and small camera
1	Cheap, sturdy looking and minor camera
1	Really small, easy to use, good clarity when there is reception
1	Really lowly, gentle to use, good clarity when there is reception
0	Reception, Antenna, Accessories, Tracfone Service
0	Reception, Antenna, Accessories, Tracfone serve
0	everything else
0	everything else
0	bulky antenna, impossible to flip w one hand, short battery life
0	bulky antenna, impossible to alternate w one hand, short battery biography
1	Excellent Bang for the buck.
1	Excellent Bang for the shoot.
0	everything
0	everything
0	Horizontal bands happen too often
0	Horizontal bands pass too often
1	great printer for the money
1	great pressman for the money
0	None so far!
0	None so FAR!
0	Slower than more expensive printers
0	dumb than more expensive printers
1	Low price, ease of operation
1	Low price, comfort of operation
0	Non-alphabetized phonebook, BUT this phone has voice activated dialing! Manual could be better.
0	Non-alphabetized phonebook, simply this phone has voice activated dialing! Manual could be expert.
1	Excellent print quality; easy to install; very inexpensive
1	Excellent print quality; comfortable to install; very inexpensive
0	Menus a little confusing.
0	Menus a minuscule confusing.
0	poor picture quality
0	poor word-painting quality
0	Slow shutter speed, awkward viewfinder, no AC adapter.
0	boring shutter speed, awkward viewfinder, no AC adapter.
1	fast printing, good print quality, good price, 
1	fast printing, good print quality, proficient price, 
0	none
0	none
1	Great reception, easy to use
1	gravid reception, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, reliable.
1	Inexpensive, easygoing to use, reliable.
1	Wow! Wow! Wow! Outstanding control and quality!
1	Wow! Wow! Wow! Outstanding restraint and quality!
1	Excellent Reception!  Great Speaker Phone!  Very clear and very durable!
1	excellent Reception!  Great Speaker Phone!  Very crystalize and very durable!
1	Speed, Quiet, Detailed
1	speed, Quiet, Detailed
1	A cornucopia of fantastic features.
1	axerophthol cornucopia of fantastic features.
1	Voice activated, portable, flip style
1	Voice activated, portable, interchange style
1	This camera gives nice 5x7 pictures.
1	This camera pay nice 5x7 pictures.
0	Short battery life.
0	Short battery biography.
0	Slightly thick chassis
0	Slightly thick flesh
0	Consumables are a bit pricey
0	Consumables are a bit high-priced
0	*low earpiece volume
0	*low-toned earpiece volume
0	No one-touch answer while folded, simplistic phone book, questionable headset noise reduction, weak ring/vibration
0	No one-touch answer while folded, simplistic phone playscript, confutative headset noise reduction, weak band/vibration
0	Added expense of accessories
0	summate expense of accessories
1	quality prints quickly
1	quality prints quick
1	Clear and user friendly
1	authorize and user friendly
0	slow printing on highest detail.
0	slowly printing on highest detail.
0	- none
0	- none
1	great picture quality; read/write to smart media; easy; good lens cover.
1	great impression quality; read/write to smart media; tardily; good lens cover.
1	small size,quality photos.
1	lowly size,quality photos.
1	5 different flash modes, easy to operate, supplied storage disk
1	5 different flash modes, easy to operate, render storage harrow
0	No RAW/TIFF output, LCD could be a bit better
0	No RAW/TIFF output, LCD could be a chip advantageously
0	somewhat slow, 
0	somewhat dim, 
0	Expensive Cartridge
0	Expensive cartridge
0	Pricier than other options
0	dear than other options
0	none
0	none
1	Small, Lightweight, Polyphonic Rings, Durable
1	Small, Lightweight, Polyphonic pack, Durable
1	Fast printing and quiet
1	dissolute printing and quiet
1	nice color screen,great ring tones,easy use pc sync mode,very light and durable
1	nice coloring screen,great ring tones,easy function pc sync mode,very ignite and durable
0	slightly large to hold
0	slightly large to clutch
1	Thin
1	cut
1	Easy to use, economical on battery-power.
1	well-heeled to use, economical on battery-power.
0	It needs to come with an Ac adapter and rechargeable batteries
0	It inevitably to semen with an Ac adapter and rechargeable batteries
1	none
1	none
0	Proprietary battery and small resolution limit it to novice users.
0	Proprietary battery and diminished solving limit it to novice users.
0	price, taking a laptop or buying a digital wallet
0	price, fetching a laptop or buying a digital wallet
0	limited zoom; Inaccessible memory card; serial transfer
0	limited zoom; Inaccessible memory board; serial transfer
0	Slow between shots&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slightly slow start up time&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Average bettery life- get an extra one
0	boring between blastoff&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slightly slow start up time&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Average bettery life- get an spare 1
1	Cheap, Simple, megapixel, easy battery load, LCD. Prefers still subjects
1	Cheap, simpleton, megapixel, wanton battery load, LCD. Prefers still subjects
1	Size, weight, clarity, reception, low SAR
1	Size, burden, clarity, reception, low SAR
0	sometimes slow, camera button is annoying, voice dialing doesn't always work
0	sometimes slowly, camera button is devil, voice dialing doesn't always work
0	none
0	none
1	Fast, quiet, inexpensive.
1	Fast, tranquilize, inexpensive.
1	battery life
1	battery lifetime
1	Clear Pictures - Easy to use
1	Clear Pictures - easygoing to use
0	battery/ear piece jack/softwear issues
0	shelling/ear piece jack/softwear issues
1	Price, very small, auto answer/end calls with flip, well made, easy to read/understand manual
1	terms, very small, auto answer/end calls with flip, well constitute, comfortable to read/understand manual
0	small display, no games, could be easier to scroll through phonebook, headset is a joke
0	small display, no back, could be easier to curlicue through phonebook, headset is a jape
1	Fast, quiet, prints beautifully, double-sided printing.
1	Fast, still, prints beautifully, double-sided printing.
0	Camera size and body not as attractive as others out there.
0	camera size and trunk not as attractive as others out there.
1	None
1	none
1	Web capability, Games, Shortmail
1	net capability, Games, Shortmail
0	The technology and memory space!!
0	The engineering and memory space!!
0	Limited Flash, no protection for LCD screen
0	specify Flash, no protection for LCD screen
1	Very lightweight, reversible handle, can take you from newborn years through toddler
1	Very lightweight, reversible handle, can exact you from newborn geezerhood through toddler
1	Appearance, tri-band world phone, GPRS, voice activated dialing
1	Appearance, tri-band man phone, GPRS, voice activated dialing
0	Only 16Mb Memory Stick supplied
0	Only 16Mb Memory baffle supplied
1	Easy to install &amp; use. Low $$ good output
1	Easy to install &amp; utilization. Low $$ good output
1	radio
1	wireless
0	The phonebook is a little clumsy.  T9 text confuses me.
0	The phonebook is a little cumbersome.  T9 text discombobulate me.
1	8X optical zoom, good pics even at night. Easy operation. AA bateries
1	8X optical zoom, good pics even at Nox. well-fixed operation. AA bateries
1	Convenience of floppy disk storage, no film, great rechargeable battery.
1	Convenience of floppy disk warehousing, no film, expectant rechargeable battery.
1	Color display, durability, Nokia reputation
1	colouration display, durability, Nokia reputation
0	This model has been discontinued
0	This simulate has been discontinued
0	Photo printing not overwhelming
0	Photo printing not deluge
1	Easy install, great quality, HP durability
1	Easy install, great quality, HP lastingness
1	Relatively compact compared to an SLR with similar zoom features
1	Relatively concordat compared to an SLR with similar zoom characteristic
1	Speed, Print quality,  USB/Parallel
1	accelerate, Print quality,  USB/Parallel
0	Battery compartment spring is a cheap design. Flash is just OK. Battery life is awful!
0	Battery compartment spring is a cheap design. scoot is just OK. barrage life is dreadful!
1	Sleek design, battery life, voice-activated dial, High Capacity Phone Book
1	Sleek intent, battery life, voice-activated dial, high Capacity Phone Book
0	eats batteries
0	eats barrage
0	great photo's and service seems great (so far)
0	majuscule photo's and service seems great (so far)
0	VERY bad battery life
0	VERY risky battery life
1	 Fast clear print quality
1	 Fast clear publish quality
1	Cool gadgets
1	Cool convenience
1	Easy to use, good quality output, compact
1	Easy to use, beneficial quality output, compact
0	Low battery life, is the echo the phone or Telus,  and where is bluetooth?!
0	first battery life, is the reverberation the phone or Telus,  and where is bluetooth?!
0	lens quality could be better, shutter lag is annoying vs 35mm SLR cameras
0	lens character could be better, shutter imprison is annoying vs 35mm SLR cameras
0	Somewhat slow printing.
0	somewhat slow printing.
1	They've stopped making them.
1	They've stopped stimulate them.
0	Web Interface Slow, Font Size Frustrating
0	Web Interface Slow, Font Size baffle
0	Low Volume, drops calls, difficult to find accessories, tiny keypad, case comes apart to easily
0	Low Volume, neglect calls, difficult to determine accessories, tiny keypad, case do apart to easily
0	Can slow pc down
0	posterior slow pc down
1	Unmatched Print Quality, Vibrant Colours, Decent Speed, Easy Setup, Nifty Features, Hp Quality, Price
1	Unmatched Print timber, Vibrant Colours, Decent Speed, Easy Setup, slap-up Features, Hp Quality, Price
0	Calls not clear at times...battery goes pretty fast, too.
0	Calls not clean-cut at times...battery get pretty fast, too.
0	Get what you pay for.
0	capture what you pay for.
0	No direct link to Macintosh. You need to buy a USB reader writer.
0	No directly link to Macintosh. You need to buy a USB reviewer writer.
1	Awesome Photo Quality, Great Features, Movie Mode, Advanced Camera Features
1	Awesome Photo select, Great Features, Movie Mode, sophisticated Camera Features
1	Cheap(er), "cute", small size, low weight.
1	cheesy(er), "cute", small size, low weight.
1	- Picture Quality, - Camera Build Quality, - Lens add-ons, Underwater case, - Intuitive Interface
1	- Picture Quality, - Camera soma character, - Lens add-ons, Underwater case, - Intuitive Interface
0	menu driven
0	menu determined
1	looks, quality, software
1	front, quality, software
1	Stylish, colorful display screen, speaker phone, expensive
1	Stylish, colorful display shield, speaker phone, expensive
1	no big weakness
1	no swelled weakness
1	Very easy to use and seems to have pretty good clarity.
1	very wanton to use and seems to have pretty good clarity.
0	Sometimes has trouble taking in paper and shakes a lot when it prints
0	Sometimes has perturb taking in paper and shakes a hatful when it prints
0	Initial cost, definitely not sleek-looking
0	Initial be, definitely not sleek-looking
1	Price, Features, Resolution
1	price, Features, Resolution
0	Grainy pictures, expensive for its quality
0	Grainy see, expensive for its quality
1	Excellent Quality Images, Somewhat fast processing, Great Construction
1	Excellent Quality Images, Somewhat tight processing, Great Construction
1	Beautiful pictures
1	Beautiful film
0	Vibrating ringer, reception, antenna, shape
0	Vibrating ringer, reception, antenna, embodiment
0	Little hard on batteries
0	Little voiceless on batteries
0	poor flash range, memory stick prices (not any more)
0	poor flash grade, memory stick prices (not any more)
0	needs zoom
0	indigence zoom
0	Slow exposure makes it difficult to capture nighttime pictures
0	Slow exposure makes it difficult to capture nighttime picture
1	Incredibly tiny.  Sturdy build for what it is.  Decent picture quality.
1	Incredibly tiny.  Sturdy soma for what it is.  Decent image quality.
0	Phonebook not alphabetized by the phone itself, Manual is a bit hard to understand
0	Phonebook not alphabetized by the telephone itself, Manual is a minute hard to understand
1	Light, Full-color screen, Feature-rich, Great design
1	unaccented, Full-color screen, Feature-rich, Great design
1	Affordable, quick, stylish and, most importantly, great photo printing. Can't beat it for the price.
1	Affordable, spry, stylish and, most importantly, great photograph printing. Can't cadence it for the price.
1	Really good print quality on a starving writer's budget
1	Really dear print quality on a starving writer's budget
1	full featured including speaker phone
1	full featured including speaker sound
0	Poor download time
0	miserable download time
1	CD storage and MPEG capability.
1	CD entrepot and MPEG capability.
1	very easy to use
1	very leisurely to use
0	CLOGGED HEADS !!!
0	CLOGGED nous !!!
1	Easy to use, high quality
1	Easy to consumption, high quality
0	More than required Size,, Serial port Interface,, No Battery charger
0	More than required Size,, successive port interface,, No Battery charger
0	Reception
0	response
1	low price, easy to use
1	dispirited price, easy to use
1	Reasonable price for a color inkjet
1	Reasonable price for a tinge inkjet
1	great design
1	large design
0	Squeaky, and quite flimsy after 20 months of heavy use.
0	Squeaky, and quite flimsy after 20 months of fleshy apply.
1	Features, compact size
1	characteristic, compact size
1	Nice pictures, affordable price
1	Nice picture, affordable price
0	Eats up batteries, no A/C adapter, no video output
0	chuck up batteries, no A/coke adapter, no video output
0	poor reception, the ugly big antenna that doesn't even help reception
0	poor response, the worthless big antenna that doesn't even help reception
0	none
0	none
1	Small, lightweight, many features
1	Small, jackanapes, many features
1	can pull in a signal where others can't.
1	can deplume in a signal where others can't.
0	Cost
0	cost
1	This phone is light weight.
1	This phone is lighter weight.
0	1 MB Memory, Camera 320 x 240, Small Keypad
0	1 MB Memory, Camera 320 x 240, diminished Keypad
0	Difficult to access basket, small inconvenient viewing window, pricey
0	unmanageable to access basket, small inconvenient viewing window, pricey
1	water resistant/ fade resistant ink Really fast! Individual ink cartridges
1	water resistant/ fade resistant ink truly fast! somebody ink cartridges
1	Great Pictures,  User Friendly
1	bang-up Pictures,  User Friendly
0	Windows Driven (memory dependant), no DOS printing
0	Windows Driven (memory dependant), no exercise printing
1	Outstanding print quality; fast
1	Outstanding print quality; debauched
0	Slightly bigger than other similar flip-phones
0	Slightly braggart than other similar flip-phones
0	Eats ink like crazy, bad quality!
0	eat ink like crazy, bad quality!
0	uses a lot of batteries
0	uses a luck of batteries
0	Baby Trend difficult to reach by phone
0	indulge Trend difficult to reach by phone
0	Easy to produce bad pictures.
0	Easy to create bad pictures.
0	Does not come with case and AC
0	answer not come with case and AC
0	lens adapter, lack of case
0	lens adapter, lack of eccentric
1	Voice Dialing, ease of use, size and weight
1	Voice Dialing, ease of use, size and angle
0	phone timer rounds up to the next minute
0	phone timer rounds up to the next moment
0	Terribly complex interface, poor battery life, fragile antenna
0	Terribly complex interface, poor shelling life, fragile antenna
1	Two words: Manual Mode.
1	Two quarrel: Manual Mode.
0	Small, bad battery
0	little, bad battery
1	Easy to use, intuitive design
1	Easy to use, visceral design
0	BATTERY LIFE, NO SPEAKER.
0	BATTERY LIFE, NO speaker.
0	Separate lens cap, slow recycle time, included 8MB mem stick is too small
0	Separate lens cap, slow recycle time, included 8MB mem flummox is too belittled
0	Can't do large poster-size prints
0	Can't do gravid poster-size prints
1	Excellent pictures, great software
1	Excellent pictures, groovy software
0	Low volume, bad pic & screen resolution, not very reliable.
0	depleted volume, bad pic & screen resolution, not very reliable.
0	High price, Cheap phone
0	High Price, Cheap phone
0	Small memory, dreadful tones, limited camera
0	Small memory, atrocious tones, limited camera
1	Good price, a lot of features, easy to use
1	Good price, a lot of features, easy to utilise
0	not yet
0	not notwithstanding
0	Knocked out my LaserJet, difficult USB install
0	Knocked out my LaserJet, difficult USB establish
0	earpiece volume could be better
0	earpiece loudness could be better
0	harder to use
0	heavy to use
1	easy to use, sensitive, full keyboard
1	easy to habituate, sensitive, full keyboard
1	Handy, fun, durable and easy.
1	Handy, fun, long-wearing and easy.
1	Small, good pictures, default options work well
1	Small, honest pictures, default options work well
1	Light, small, very sturdy, decent voice-dial, good reception.
1	fall, small, very sturdy, decent voice-dial, good reception.
0	Poor quality, lousy battery life, malfunctions.
0	Poor quality, crappy battery life, malfunctions.
0	takes some time to program in extra programs
0	have some time to program in extra programs
0	Doesn't like to be chained with a parallel scanner
0	Doesn't like to be enchained with a parallel scanner
1	easy to use,hookup to computer,or TV
1	well-off to use,hookup to computer,or TV
1	Style, Size, ease of use, pure simple feel of it.
1	Style, Size, repose of utilisation, pure simple feel of it.
1	Small size, nice big screen, capacity to hold many numbers.
1	belittled size, nice big screen, capacity to harbor many numbers.
1	convenience
1	restroom
1	add-on lenses (teleconverters,wideangle,fisheye) are available and compatible with more expensive Nikon Coolpix 
1	addition lenses (teleconverters,wideangle,fisheye) are usable and compatible with more expensive Nikon Coolpix 
0	battery life could be longer
0	battery lifespan could be longer
1	Great design, amazing signal range, next generation voice recogintion, good camera and good sound quality
1	capital design, mystify signal range, next generation voice recogintion, good camera and near sound quality
0	Paper Jams
0	Paper obstruct
1	Easy to use,  Great looking photos
1	Easy to use,  Great bet photos
1	Battery life is outstanding
1	Battery biography is outstanding
0	NONE (I will let you know if any come up)
0	NONE (I will lease you love if any come up)
1	It looks good and comes in a variety of colors
1	It spirit full and comes in a variety of colors
0	Lag time
0	retardation time
1	Wirless internet (3G), text messaging, and a camera.
1	Wirless cyberspace (3G), text messaging, and a camera.
1	Easy to use, 3.5&amp;quot; disk solution
1	Easy to use, 3.5&amp;quot; disk result
1	The size, flip-up, super packed features are enough to make your mouth water
1	The size, flip-up, super packed features are enough to construct your mouth weewee
1	Quick, crisp copies
1	Quick, crisp replicate
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	Large screen, clear reception and great affair
0	Limited Features
0	throttle Features
1	ease of use, small size, easy to transfer images to the computer.
1	relieve of use, small size, easy to channel images to the computer.
0	The ink cartridges could hold a bit more.
0	The ink cartridges could take a bit more.
1	Great colors,detail,ease of use &amp;amp; price
1	Great colors,detail,ease of manipulation &amp;amp; price
1	Durability, slim size, cool factor, great sound and reception
1	Durability, slim size, aplomb factor, great sound and reception
0	Poor battery life.
0	Poor battery spirit.
1	compact, light-weight, and easy to use
1	stocky, light-weight, and easy to use
0	generally a pain
0	generally a annoyance
1	fast, good quality, quiet, efficient
1	fast, dear quality, quiet, efficient
0	sometimes feeds more than one sheet of paper
0	sometimes flow more than one sheet of paper
0	still not as good a quality as film
0	stillness not as good a quality as film
0	Price
0	cost
1	great pictures; ease of use
1	majuscule pictures; ease of use
1	Battery Life, Backlight Display, Memory
1	Battery Life, Backlight display, Memory
1	Inexpensive, versatile, easy to operate, 
1	Inexpensive, versatile, slow to operate, 
1	Light weight, thin profile, good battery life
1	Light weight, thin profile, honorable battery life
1	Combi is the best in its class.
1	Combi is the best in its assort.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to employ
1	Versatile, good improvements to quicktime movies
1	Versatile, skillful improvements to quicktime movies
1	display, loud ringer, size, joystick, and easy menu search
1	display, loud ringer, size, joystick, and well-to-do menu search
0	Cheesy stylus, maximum 128MB memory capacity.
0	Cheesy stylus, utmost 128MB memory capacity.
0	print shade
0	print shadowiness
0	Expensive to replace ink.Ink refill kits sometimes won't work.
0	Expensive to interchange ink.Ink refill kits sometimes won't process.
0	Inaccurate Voice Dial, somewhat expensive without discounts
0	Inaccurate Voice Dial, somewhat expensive without ignore
1	Tiny size, great ease of use
1	Tiny size, great ease of consumption
1	Overall Ruggedness, Battery life,Price picture clarity, ease of use.
1	Overall Ruggedness, Battery lifetime,Price picture clarity, informality of use.
1	small, light, OK for occasional printouts
1	small, light, OK for occasional printout
1	Affordable and great graphics printing
1	Affordable and swell graphics printing
0	Small buttons!
0	Small release!
0	bed
0	hump
1	can print/scan/copy
1	can print/scan/simulate
0	hard on batteries, no real owners manual
0	hard on battery, no real owners manual
0	Bad customer service
0	Bad customer Service
1	Takes great pictures.
1	Takes dandy pictures.
0	What good is a pretty phone if you almost never can get a signal!
0	What good is a passably phone if you almost never can sustain a signal!
0	none
0	none
1	Compact size, Durable case, Many Features, Easy to Use
1	Compact size, perdurable case, Many Features, Easy to Use
0	Front Paper Tray
0	Front newspaper Tray
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Easy assembly, great ride, &amp; affordable.
1	Easy assembly, great drive, &amp; affordable.
1	Quality of prints
1	caliber of prints
0	slow processor, Voice Recognition, Camera Software
0	slowly processor, Voice Recognition, Camera Software
0	Expensive consumables.  6-color printing does NOT a photo printer make!
0	Expensive consumables.  6-color printing does NOT a picture printer ready!
0	VERIZON WIRELESS forcing their name to blink on the display!
0	VERIZON WIRELESS drive their name to wink on the display!
1	Great Graphics, AUTOMATIC Two-Sided Printing, Fairly High Speed
1	corking Graphics, AUTOMATIC Two-Sided Printing, Fairly High Speed
1	USB connection, great battery life, price is fairly low
1	USB connection, great battery life, price is fairly humbled
0	Poor Battery life. dropped calls when stading still & turns itself off unexpectedly
0	Poor Battery living. dropped calls when stading withal & turns itself off unexpectedly
0	I don't have any :)
0	unity don't have any :)
1	Color screen and graphics; flip phone; small and sleek; changeable outer body.
1	Color test and graphics; flip earphone; small and sleek; changeable outer body.
1	Good Price
1	safe Price
0	a bit too small, a bit too light, feels flimsy, antenna juts out too much
0	a bit too small, a bit too wakeful, flavor flimsy, antenna extrusion out too much
0	Break down is a little awkward.
0	reveal down is a little awkward.
1	The pro for this phone is that it is very compact.
1	The pro for this earphone is that it is very wad.
1	Nice Design, Makes brilliant copies
1	Nice excogitation, Makes brilliant copies
0	Ink price
0	Ink toll
0	poor software, serial connection, storage space
0	poor software, sequential connection, storage space
0	100% unreliable.
0	century% unreliable.
0	The radiation levels exceed gov't regulations.
0	The radiation levels exceed gov't regularization.
1	Nokia knows how to build solid cellular telephones
1	Nokia knows how to build self-coloured cellular telephones
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	Some neutered feature, pocket-sized navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
1	Solid software/drivers; very very fast
1	Solid software/drivers; very very libertine
0	Price, Grip, and Overall size and weight
0	Price, clutch, and Overall size and weight
1	wonderful pictures
1	wonderful image
0	Very, Very short battery life
0	Very, Very short battery sprightliness
0	Hard to read display
0	grueling to read display
0	Ink gets on the rollers and smears&amp;#13;&amp;#10;on paper. Low dot-per-inch resolution.
0	Ink sire on the rollers and smears&amp;#13;&amp;#10;on paper. grim dot-per-inch solving.
1	pic quality, smart media,price
1	pic quality, smart metier,price
0	not the most attractive
0	not the most attractive
0	No true zoom feature, less options for more advanced users
0	No unfeigned zoom feature, less options for more advanced exploiter
1	image quality, options
1	image quality, pick
0	The LCD screen is not very acurate (fuzzy) not many functions.
0	The LCD sieve is not very acurate (fuzzy) not many subprogram.
0	EVF, Sony Memory Stick proprietary storage media, and ergonomics.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	EVF, Sony Memory Stick proprietary storage media, and biotechnology.&amp;#13;&amp;#X;
1	Small, small, small. Easy to use. Durable.
1	Small, small, minuscule. Easy to use. Durable.
1	Pretty, Cool, Easy to Hold, Clear Calls, Verizon, Feature Rich, Large Button, Calendar, Much More
1	reasonably, Cool, Easy to Hold, Clear name, Verizon, Feature Rich, turgid Button, Calendar, Much More
1	compact, versatile, smooth looking, black and color ink cartridges included
1	stocky, versatile, smooth looking, black and gloss ink cartridges included
1	Sprint Service
1	Sprint overhaul
0	name it. "reception", battery, silly menus, fragility, speaker, etc...
0	mention it. "reception", battery, silly menus, fragility, speaker, etc...
0	None that I can find....
0	None that unity can find....
0	Can't think of ANY
0	Can't opine of ANY
1	Never Jams, Quick Setup, Great Bundle
1	Never Jams, Quick Setup, Great cluster
0	Still a bit out-of-reach for the majority of the middle-low income, a few design problems.
0	allay a bit out-of-reach for the bulk of the middle-low income, a few design problem.
1	Sprint Service
1	Sprint overhaul
1	Size, Nokia UserInterface, features
1	Size, Nokia UserInterface, feature
1	Clear and Simple
1	net and Simple
0	Nikon tech support not useful, tech forums useful only because of other camera uses...
0	Nikon tech back not useful, tech forums useful only because of other camera practice...
1	Bluetooth, Mp3 Player, Nice Audio, Real Tones, Camera, FM Radio, Address Book
1	Bluetooth, Mp3 Player, overnice Audio, Real Tones, Camera, FM Radio, Address Bible
1	Good value for the money.
1	proficient value for the money.
1	Innovative flip-out thumb-board, color screen, integrated FM radio, email client, high gadget factor
1	Innovative flip-out thumb-board, semblance sieve, integrated FM radio, email client, high gadget factor
0	Not very durable as opposed to other phones, previously owned.
0	Not very lasting as opposed to other headphone, previously owned.
0	Horribly small storage basket
0	Horribly pocket-size storage basket
0	no bluetooth
0	no bluetooth
1	Size, weight, overall performance
1	Size, burthen, overall performance
0	Eats Batteries
0	grub Batteries
0	toll number
0	toll act
0	It wasn't free (only thing I could think of)
0	It wasn't free (only thing i could think of)
0	Voice activated dialing
0	Voice activate dialing
0	So far no cons for me :)
0	So far no bunko for me :)
1	Lightweight and tiny; large display for its size; web access, calendar, calculator
1	Lightweight and tiny; magnanimous display for its sizing; web access, calendar, calculator
1	Very small, takes great pictures, rechargeable battery.
1	Very small, takes great pic, rechargeable battery.
0	goes through batteries quickly and electrical cord could be longer
0	last through batteries quickly and electrical cord could be prospicient
0	Size is larger than film P&amp;S, battery life is zapped way too quickly
0	Size is gravid than cinema P&amp;S, bombardment life is zapped way too quickly
0	Price of cartridges
0	cost of cartridges
0	Can`t send MMS, no Bluetooth, weird keypad
0	Can`t station MMS, no Bluetooth, weird keypad
0	Not as compact as some.
0	Not as thick as some.
0	Rather Expensive, So much to understand, Very Delicate
0	Rather Expensive, So much to understand, Very delicate
0	None!
0	none!
0	Model has bad history
0	Model has regretful history
0	doesn't work all the time, 
0	doesn't employment all the time, 
1	IR Port, Excellent Print Quality, Decent Speed
1	IR Port, Excellent Print character, Decent Speed
1	Good phone overall, with easy-to-navigate menus
1	goodness phone overall, with easy-to-navigate menus
0	you &lt;/b&gt;must &lt;/b&gt; buy more memory. More bulky than some cool Nikons/ Canons
0	you &lt;/boron&gt;must &lt;/b&gt; corrupt more memory. More bulky than some sang-froid Nikons/ Canons
0	Awkward power button placement.  No zoom.
0	Awkward ability button placement.  No zoom.
0	Initial use of menu and functions slow with dead batt. 
0	Initial utilization of menu and functions ho-hum with dead batt. 
1	Good price for resolution and ease of use
1	Good price for resolution and ease of role
1	Separate ink cartrigdes, very quiet, very fast, high-quality, solid construction, reliable, long-lasting ink, never jams
1	Separate ink cartrigdes, very smooth, very fast, high-quality, whole construction, reliable, long-lasting ink, never impede
0	No USB/parallel cable
0	No USB/analogue cable
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
0	My carrier disabled the full have pose (OBEX).  "position" field is missing in the calendar.
0	a bit bulky, but worth it for the features
0	a bit bulky, but worth it for the boast
0	poor user interface
0	poor user port
1	Easy to use, good pictures, reasonably priced
1	Easy to use, just pictures, reasonably priced
0	slow, paper feeder doesn't work right
0	slow, paper feeder doesn't exploit right
0	not enough ringtones, no blue tooth headset provided
0	not enough ringtones, no blue tooth headset ply
1	lower light (1.8f), excellent pictures
1	glower light (1.8f), excellent pictures
0	infoLithium Battery Pack/64 megabyte Memory Stick a must... Video function is worthless.
0	infoLithium Battery jam/64 megabyte Memory joystick a must... Video function is worthless.
1	Inexpensive, userfriendly software, comes with good software for categorizing pics.
1	Inexpensive, userfriendly software, occur with skillful software for categorizing pics.
0	short battery life, but can be mitigated by turning off LCD screen
0	unretentive battery lifetime, but can be mitigated by turning off LCD screen
1	Many features in compact size.
1	Many features in concordat size.
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "localisation" subject is overleap in the calendar.
1	Good features
1	right features
1	Cheap and has the walkie talkie feature
1	tatty and has the walkie talkie feature
1	MicroSD, MP3, Big screen
1	MicroSD, MP3, handsome screen
1	white backlit, activated slide, voice tag
1	white backlit, activated slip, voice tag
1	The DIGITAL camera offers strong magnification!, 
1	The DIGITAL camera fling strong magnification!, 
0	Squeaking Wheels and bulky
0	Squeaking pedal and bulky
0	potential for paper skewing
0	potential for paper skew
0	eats batteries, only 2.1MP
0	eats barrage, only 2.1MP
1	inexpensive, user friendly, resolution vs. price
1	inexpensive, user friendly, result vs. price
0	Reception, Camera, Java, IM, Crashes
0	Reception, Camera, Java, IM, ram
1	Cheap with relatively decent image quality
1	Cheap with relatively decent icon quality
1	Copying, scanning, faxing all work well... good price also.
1	Copying, scanning, faxing all form well... good price also.
1	NONE WHATSOEVER
1	NONE any
1	Extremely thin and light, durable, great sound quality, good reception quality, amazing LCD.
1	Extremely thin and light, durable, great sound quality, thoroughly receipt quality, amazing LCD.
0	price, wheels 
0	price, rack 
1	A real "convergence device"&#13;&#10;Acts as portable hard disk
1	a real "convergence device"&#13;&#10;move as portable hard disk
1	Good quality images and hardware, Nice ergonomic design, 3X optical zoom
1	Good quality images and hardware, Nice ergonomic excogitation, 3X ocular zoom
0	Antenna
0	aerial
1	Ultraslim aluminum metal case, bright display, Bluetooth, loud speakerphone, internal antenna
1	Ultraslim aluminum metal slip, bright display, Bluetooth, loudly speakerphone, internal antenna
0	The camera only came with a 110 Volt charger. It burned up the first day in England, even though we had a converter. Toshiba is not yet shipping the 220V model, and as a result I had to buy a multi-voltage charger at a camera store in the UK. When I return
0	The camera only total with a 110 Volt charger. It glow up the world-class day in England, even though we had a converter. Toshiba is not nonetheless transportation the 220V simulation, and as a outcome one had to corrupt a multi-voltage charger at a camera store in the UK. When I comeback
0	small card, not easy to take candids at night
0	small card, not easy to demand candids at night
1	Great quality! Does a fine job.  Photos look great! Very efficient!
1	Great quality! coif a fine job.  Photos look majuscule! Very efficient!
1	Print quality.
1	Print calibre.
0	Need a slightly larger font&#13;&#10;Wish "Wake-Up" would work when on battery power
0	penury a slightly larger font&#13;&#10;Wish "Wake-Up" would employment when on battery mightiness
0	Small size makes it awkward to dial, program.
0	Small size seduce it awkward to dial, program.
0	Really should have the vertical grip for large hands but worth the double battery life and portrait controls at twice the price!
0	actually should have the vertical transfix for large hands but deserving the image battery life and portrait controls at twice the price!
1	Ease of use.
1	Ease of usage.
1	Long standby and talk time. Bluetooth capable.
1	Long standby and talk time. Bluetooth able.
0	poor battery life
0	inadequate battery life
1	Size, fits anywhere
1	Size, jibe anywhere
1	nice prints, easy to set up
1	nice prints, easy to rig up
0	Peg Perego no longer makes converter bars for use with other infant car seats
0	leg Perego no longer prepare converter bars for use with other infant car seats
1	Size, quality of construction, appearance, durability
1	Size, choice of construction, appearance, durability
1	Great photo prints, borderless pics, takes various cards
1	Great photo prints, borderless pics, submit various cards
1	Small footprint, laser quality text, inexpensive
1	diminished footprint, laser quality text, inexpensive
0	Complicated advanced controls.
0	Complicated upgrade controls.
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
0	Flimsy appearance, freehanded phone than most, some features useless
0	none at this time
0	none at this sentence
0	Battery life
0	shelling life
1	Great printer for text, graphics and photos.
1	great printer for text, graphics and photos.
1	Software included, print quality, scanner 
1	Software included, print prize, scanner 
0	Nothing I've found
0	nothing I've found
1	convenience, ease of use
1	gismo, ease of use
0	unobtainable accessories, length of time to take picture
0	unobtainable accessories, length of time to take show
0	Text and black artwork not as dark as a laser printer
0	Text and ignominious artwork not as dingy as a laser printer
1	easy point and shoot; good enough software
1	easy target and shoot; good enough software
1	Flat-bed scanner
1	Flat-bed scanner
1	Superb photo quality pictures, seperate ink tanks for economical ink replacing.
1	Superb photo quality envision, seperate ink tankful for economical ink replacing.
0	Quality of video-clips not as great as pictures.
0	timber of video-clips not as great as pictures.
1	excellent photographic quality, easy to set-up and install, great all round printer
1	excellent photographic select, easy to set-up and install, large all round printer
1	User friendly
1	User favorable
1	Great sound quality, Long Battery Life, Compact design, light.
1	Great sound quality, Long Battery Life, constrict design, light.
1	great looking, space saver and very convenient as well as good comfort for the little ones
1	big await, space saver and very convenient as well as honest comfort for the little ones
1	Great Feel.  You actually forget you are using a digital camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Terrific pictures
1	Great Feel.  You actually block you are utilize a digital camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;howling pictures
0	not rechargeable!  Rechargeable batteries and case available at additional cost.  Some shutter lag time 
0	not rechargeable!  Rechargeable batteries and case available at additional be.  Some shutter meantime time 
0	Buttons on side, VOICE RECOGNITION DIALING!!!
0	Buttons on side, interpreter RECOGNITION DIALING!!!
0	I have not yet found any dislikes.
0	ace have not yet found any dislikes.
0	breaks easily
0	infract easily
1	clear print quality, multifunctional
1	vindicated print quality, multifunctional
1	12 pages per minute in black ink, 10 pages per minute in color, Smudge-resistant; fast drying ink, Beautiful photo-quality pictures.
1	12 pages per minute in smutty ink, 10 pages per hour in color, Smudge-resistant; tight drying ink, Beautiful photo-quality figure.
1	sleek, sexy design, fits in most tight places, camera, bluetooth, mp3 capabilities
1	sleek, sexy design, tantrum in most tight rank, camera, bluetooth, mp3 capabilities
1	Clear, color true, versatile.
1	percipient, color true, versatile.
0	requires putting on a lens cover cap, slow shutter speed for fast picture taking
0	requires putting on a lens cover cap, dumb shutter speed for libertine picture taking
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
1	Bluetooth, large colorise screen and ample memory
1	3.1 megapixels, small size
1	leash.1 megapixels, small size
1	EXCELLENT RECEPTION,EASY TO HEAR INCOMING CALLS,EASY TO PROGRAM,INTERNET READY
1	EXCELLENT RECEPTION,EASY TO HEAR incoming birdcall,EASY TO PROGRAM,INTERNET READY
1	Small,lots of features
1	Small,lots of have
1	Excellent print quality, extremely inexpensive.
1	Excellent print tone, extremely inexpensive.
0	expensive up keep
0	expensive up continue
0	can have problems
0	can have job
0	Lens cap could be lost.
0	Lens jacket could be lost.
1	Easy Operation, Price, Looks, Great Shots
1	Easy Operation, Price, Looks, Great dig
0	Small Ink Cartridge
0	Small Ink cartridge
0	No multi document feed for faxing.
0	No multi document feed for fax.
0	Maybe the price could be 400 dollars.
0	Maybe the price could be 400 clam.
0	haven't found any
0	haven't receive any
0	But not quite normal size.  Memory card included is too small.
0	But not quite normal size.  Memory placard included is too modest.
0	The web browser, placing a call, Please read for more
0	The web browser, order a call, Please translate for more
0	Can't turn off the auto dictionary in messaging.
0	Can't turn off the machine dictionary in messaging.
1	Smallish; inexpensive; very well designed
1	Smallish; inexpensive; very intimately designed
0	Is reception top notch?
0	Is reception top pass?
1	Bright screen, lots of features
1	undimmed screen, lots of features
0	Vibrating alarm not being loud enough (but that's all i can complain about)
0	tickle horrify not being loud enough (but that's all i can complain about)
0	Costly to maintain
0	Costly to defend
0	Not enough gizmos for &amp;quot;advanced&amp;quot; digital camera buffs
0	Not enough gizmos for &amp;quot;ripe&amp;quot; digital camera lover
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft oscillate
1	Inexpensive, adequate pictures for casual use, rugged, relatively easy to use, good manual
1	Inexpensive, adequate pictures for casual utilise, rugged, relatively easy to enjoyment, good manual
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	Battery lifetime, lg phone size, flimsy when out-of-doors, too many features
1	Ease of use, Floppy as film, MPEG feature, Built-in image effects
1	Ease of use, Floppy as celluloid, MPEG feature, Built-in image core
0	Menu isin't easy like Nokia's
0	Menu isin't easy same Nokia's
1	rotating LCD, lens attachments, durable, it's a SONY
1	rotating LCD, lens attachments, long-lived, it's a SONY
1	Loud ring
1	aloud ring
1	good quality printing
1	just quality printing
1	Great print quality
1	Great print select
1	Very user-friendly, awesome speaker sound for calls and music, colorful, bluetooth, voice activated
1	Very user-friendly, awesome speaker effectual for calls and music, colorful, bluetooth, representative activated
1	Convenient size, good lens protection, great picture quality, reasonable price.
1	Convenient size, soundly lens protection, great picture quality, reasonable toll.
1	PORTABLE, EASY TO USE, DURABLE
1	PORTABLE, EASY TO expend, DURABLE
1	great quality, nice printing abilities
1	expectant quality, nice printing abilities
1	Cheap, good for essays/reports
1	Cheap, good for examine/reports
1	Good Quality Fast Easy to use
1	Good Quality Fast prosperous to use
0	Poor slider mechanism
0	pathetic slider mechanism
0	OEM inks non-archival, a bit slow.
0	OEM inks non-archival, a routine slow.
1	Clarity, ringtones, attached phone, weight, size, battery life.
1	Clarity, ringtones, attached phone, weight, size, bombardment life.
0	Takes up a lot of trunk space, but probably not more than most.  
0	guide up a lot of trunk infinite, but probably not more than most.  
0	Pictures are very grainy and seem out of focus
0	see are very grainy and seem out of focus
0	ink cost, noise (all problems common to inkjets)
0	ink cost, noise (all job common to inkjets)
0	Higher Resolution, Slower Printing
0	Higher result, Slower Printing
1	Compact,high resolution,razor sharp and bright LCD
1	Compact,high resoluteness,razor sharp and bright LCD
1	Great pictures, nice software bundle, comes with AC adapter and 8MB memory card
1	Great icon, nice software bundle, fare with AC adapter and 8MB memory card
1	World Phone, Blue Back-light, Price, Loaded with Features, Great Clairity.
1	World Phone, puritanical Back-light, Price, blotto with Features, Great Clairity.
1	Decent goodies for the price
1	Decent delicacy for the price
0	low black resolution
0	moo black resolution
1	Great battery life, and compatibility with a lot of 3rd party accessories
1	Great battery life, and compatibility with a hatful of 3rd company accessories
0	Small keyboard, poor structural integrity
0	small keyboard, poor structural integrity
1	Battery life, internet and e-mail capabilities, and popularity
1	Battery life, internet and email capabilities, and popularity
0	none
0	none
1	cost, quality of photo, ease of use
1	cost, prime of photo, ease of use
0	printer is on the larger size, paper feed is loud and startling
0	printer is on the larger size, report give is loud and startling
0	No video mode
0	No video mood
1	Almost everything
1	nigh everything
1	Speed, price, resolution quality.
1	Speed, price, resolution timber.
1	Very fast output, good quality print, double-sided print capability
1	Very fast output, good timbre print, double-sided print capability
0	batteries, lack of AC adapter, no optical zoom
0	batteries, miss of AC adapter, no optical zoom
0	horrible...slow...and defective
0	horrible...slacken...and defective
1	strolls beautifully, lots of different choices
1	strolls beautifully, mountain of different choices
0	Doesn't work (stand-alone) with 16MB SD card
0	Doesn't sour (stand-alone) with 16MB SD card
0	Still comes with only a 8MB CF card
0	Still cum with only a 8MB CF card
0	Slow start-up/cycle times, rechargeable battery/charger not included&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	ho-hum start-up/motorcycle times, rechargeable battery/charger not included&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Size, List of features and looks
1	Size, List of features and front
0	cannot be used as web cam
0	cannot be apply as web cam
0	none
0	none
0	Eats batteries, Poor action camera, annoying 'click' sound
0	Eats batteries, Poor action camera, pestering 'click' sound
1	versatile and cost efficient
1	versatile and price efficient
0	None
0	none
1	several features, cute, portable
1	respective features, cute, portable
0	A little pricey
0	A footling pricey
0	very bad flash quality for night time picture.  Color is all off with flash.
0	very bad flash quality for night time video.  colourise is all off with flash.
1	Print Quality, Easy Instalment and Price
1	Print Quality, well-situated Instalment and Price
1	Easy to install, use, reasonable quality
1	Easy to install, apply, reasonable quality
1	Nice Feel, Very easy to use.
1	Nice Feel, Very well-off to use.
0	No external attachments, lense not threaded, weird tripod mounting location, poor software.
0	No international attachments, lense not wander, weird tripod mounting location, poor software.
1	Sleek, smart-looking, very pleasing to the eye.
1	satiny, smart-looking, very pleasing to the eye.
0	low light focus, red-eye, non-standard battery
0	low alight focus, red-eye, non-standard battery
0	Not many extra features and may be too simple for the people who love gadgets
0	Not many extra features and may be too wide-eyed for the people who bonk contrivance
0	Lacking in reliability. Slow.
0	Lacking in reliability. tedious.
0	not very fast and expensive ink cartridges 
0	not very fasting and expensive ink cartridges 
0	none
0	none
1	You can get one for cheap now with a mail-in rebate.
1	You can get unitary for chintzy now with a mail-in rebate.
1	A lot of features.  Quality printing.
1	A bunch of features.  Quality printing.
1	Price
1	damage
1	can be used as a drive, USB compatible, great picture quality, cheaper media.
1	can be used as a drive, USB compatible, great movie quality, tawdry media.
1	Excellent picture quality, flexible adjustment capability, overall feeling of durability, battery life impressive.
1	Excellent picture timber, pliant adjustment capability, overall feeling of durability, battery life impressive.
0	horrible service, nothing but problems
0	atrocious service, nothing but problems
1	Top quality prints for both normal and photo uses.Quite,fast and very sexy...
1	Top select prints for both convention and photo uses.Quite,fast and very sexy...
0	only 8 MB media included, drains regular AA batteries quickly
0	only 8 MB medium included, debilitate regular AA batteries quickly
0	Received audio is weak; some functions take lots of keypresses.
0	welcome audio is weak; some operate take lots of keypresses.
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Outstanding RF performance and sound quality. Motorola Quality. Neat OEL. display. Pimp'n sleek stylee!
1	Outstanding RF performance and vocalise calibre. Motorola Quality. Neat OEL. display. Pimp'n sleek stylee!
1	Compact, sturdy, vibrate mode
1	Compact, hardy, vibrate mode
0	Software could be better.
0	Software could be comfortably.
1	Sharp lens, portable, manual controls, hot-shoe, LCD, ISO 50, battery
1	incisive lens, portable, manual operate, hot-shoe, LCD, ISO 50, battery
0	Average quality - display is poor
0	Average quality - display is wretched
0	Expensive Cartridges
0	Expensive cartridge
1	call clarity, battery life, speaker phone, voice dial, internet
1	call clarity, battery life, speaker phone, vox dial, internet
0	Often Misunderstood Capabilities, Reception Below-Average, Complex Menus
0	often Misunderstood Capabilities, Reception Below-Average, Complex Menus
0	changing back &amp;amp; forth for color and B&amp;amp;W cartridge, less than average color quality for photos with 3-color cartridge
0	shift punt &amp;amp; forth for color and Bel&amp;amp;W cartridge, less than average colouring quality for photos with 3-color cartridge
1	Looks great, stylish.
1	expression great, stylish.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to practice
1	Very pocketable, no antenna protrusion; Text & e-mail capable; Calendar for reminders and call-log info.
1	Very pocketable, no antenna prominence; text & e-mail capable; Calendar for reminders and call-log info.
0	Batter life (not too bad though), no external color display (I know, picky)
0	Batter life (not too bad though), no external color show (I eff, picky)
0	side buttons, shiny phone surface loves smears, video records nothing
0	side buttons, shiny phone surface loves malignment, video memorialize nothing
0	A bit expensive...but worth it..
0	A scrap expensive...but worth it..
0	Cartridges are a bit expensive
0	Cartridges are a number expensive
0	Doesn't have enough storage for photos & videos.
0	Doesn't have enough store for photos & videos.
1	Size, easy installation, lots of print options. Great Value!
1	Size, easy initiation, lots of print options. Great Value!
0	Limited capabilities, shaky software
0	Limited capabilities, wonky software
0	Weight with Rechargeable Batteries
0	Weight with Rechargeable shelling
0	paper jams, ink cartridge access, print quality
0	paper occlude, ink cartridge access, print quality
1	Large Memory, Great Pictures, Beautiful Crisp Display, Multiple Functions, Great Service
1	Large Memory, neat Pictures, Beautiful Crisp Display, Multiple Functions, large Service
1	Cheap, easy to use camera with lots of features, and crisp color shots.
1	garish, easy to use camera with fate of features, and crisp color shots.
1	fast, good quality printing
1	fast, honest quality printing
0	Joystick can be tricky, some functions 'buried'. Limited speed-dial functions. Many accessories incompatible.
0	Joystick can be tricky, some routine 'buried'. circumscribe speed-dial functions. Many accessories incompatible.
1	Small, good screen
1	Small, ripe screen
1	Nice camera and other various upgrades.
1	Nice camera and other various climb.
1	Looks Great, works great at an affordable price.
1	flavor Great, works great at an affordable price.
1	It could do a lot of stuff.
1	It could do a fate of stuff.
1	ease of use, LCD display, lens modes, extras
1	informality of use, LCD display, lens modes, extras
0	Moderate Battery Life, Needs a better case
0	Moderate Battery Life, Needs a easily case
0	No hot shoe.  Slow recycle time
0	No hot shoe.  Slow reuse time
1	Small, sleek, cute, durable, fun, handy, covers come in cool colors!
1	Small, sleek, cute, perdurable, fun, handy, screening come in cool colors!
1	GREAT Volume, buttons, battery life, Bright Screens (inside and out).
1	keen Volume, buttons, battery liveliness, Bright Screens (inside and out).
0	Short lifespan
0	forgetful lifespan
0	Hidden costs (Battery, Compact flash, Software)
0	Hidden costs (Battery, Compact instant, Software)
0	Only 2x zoom, Battery hog (Rechargable Battery optional)
0	Only 2x zoom, Battery grunter (Rechargable Battery optional)
0	No Bluetooth, Bad Signal Strength, Poor Battery Life, No Longer Supported
0	No Bluetooth, Bad indicate Strength, Poor Battery Life, No long Supported
0	Cartridges are tricky to install, NOT good for high volume
0	Cartridges are crafty to install, NOT near for high volume
1	Fast to download pictures into your computer
1	Fast to download pic into your computer
0	Lack of manual functions, medium power flash, only 8 MB CF Card, price
0	Lack of manual functions, medium power flashing, only 8 MB CF board, price
0	Quiet printing, but noisy paper handling, no fax, short USB cable.
0	tranquillize printing, but noisy paper plow, no fax, short USB cable.
0	Storage space, LCD screen, No sound recording capability
0	Storage space, LCD screen, No heavy recording capability
0	Cord doesn't connect tightly, connection not stable
0	Cord doesn't relate tightly, connection not stable
0	Bad antennae design. Cumbersome menu system. Bad earpeice ergonomics.
0	tough antennae design. Cumbersome menu system. Bad earpeice ergonomics.
1	good price, decent photos, very easy to use
1	good price, comely photos, very easy to use
0	No IR port
0	No IR larboard
0	Plagued With Problems, Poor Picture Quality, Less Then Average Battery Life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Plagued With Problems, Poor render select, Less Then Average Battery lifetime&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Expensive
0	expensive
1	Voice dialing, small, liteweight, easy to use, great sound quality!
1	Voice dialing, small, liteweight, loose to use, keen sound quality!
1	Crisp and Clear Graphics and Text; Inexpensive
1	Crisp and elucidate Graphics and Text; Inexpensive
0	a seemingly unique "ink-drying" cartridge problem.  please read about my experience.
0	a seemingly unique "ink-drying" magazine problem.  please study about my experience.
1	Excellent picture quality, Lots of advanced features.
1	Excellent picture quality, much of advanced features.
0	Cost? (not really)
0	cost? (not really)
0	Lack of features, dull and dreary, fat and boring.
0	Lack of features, dull and grim, fat and boring.
0	Size, Hard to open, Volume, Antennae
0	Size, Hard to unfastened, Volume, Antennae
1	Size, Performance, Quality of print
1	Size, Performance, select of print
1	Fast Printing, Great Printer, Good Quality, Work in Windows XP,Toner lasts a long time.
1	Fast Printing, Great printer, effective Quality, Work in window XP,Toner lasts a long time.
0	Battery Life
0	Battery sprightliness
1	Rugged, dependable, 2-Way Text Messaging as well as voice, good value
1	Rugged, secure, 2-Way Text Messaging as well as voice, good measure
0	needs battery charger
0	need battery charger
0	Battery life, Zoom could be better, Switch on Back falls off
0	Battery life, Zoom could be intimately, Switch on Back come off
1	small size, belt clip holder, charges quickly, great reception, lightweight
1	small size, belt clip holder, point quickly, large reception, lightweight
1	Laser-quality inkjet text and the whitest inkjet papers.
1	Laser-quality inkjet text and the whitest inkjet newspaper.
1	Feature Rich, Great Looking Hardware, Zoom, Picture quality
1	have Rich, Great Looking Hardware, Zoom, Picture quality
1	Price, Speed, Quality of Printout
1	Price, swiftness, Quality of Printout
0	Not the quality level expected for Motorola.
0	Not the quality raze expected for Motorola.
0	Power adapter overly expensive
0	Power adaptor overly expensive
0	Transmission quality not too great
0	Transmission quality not too bang-up
0	Dumb ring tones
0	Dumb ring flavour
1	ergonomic, easy to use, great lens, decent focus, decent flash support
1	ergonomic, wanton to use, great lens, decent focus, decent ostentate support
1	Attractive new look from Epson, easy to install.
1	Attractive new spirit from Epson, easy to install.
1	Small &amp; Light, Straight-forward operation
1	Small &amp; unclouded, Straight-forward operation
0	Slow and worthless
0	Slow and unworthy
0	none
0	none
0	LCD screen a little weak in bright sun.
0	LCD filmdom a little weak in bright sun.
0	A lot of directions to read.
0	A plenty of directions to read.
1	Excellent build construction, good image quality, swivel design
1	Excellent build construction, good figure quality, swivel design
0	scrapes
0	excoriation
1	Great Price and Performance.  Real fast good quality copier for the money.
1	majuscule Price and Performance.  Real fast near quality copier for the money.
1	multifuctional, space saver
1	multifuctional, place saver
0	accessories are expensive!!!
0	accoutrement are expensive!!!
1	Photo quality, color, easy-to-use, features... and so on.
1	Photo quality, emblazon, easy-to-use, features... and so on.
1	EASY to use, lightweight
1	tardily to use, lightweight
1	Good battery life
1	expert battery life
1	Easy to use, good sound, nice compression feature.
1	Easy to utilization, good sound, nice compression feature.
1	Disk memory, battery, ease of use, picture quality
1	Disk memory, battery, relaxation of use, picture quality
1	It will work.  Not very good but it will work.
1	It will lick.  Not very good but it will sour.
1	Price,  Rugged, Reliable, Peace of Mind
1	Price,  Rugged, Reliable, peacefulness of Mind
1	High definition, batteries last up to about 4 hours.
1	High definition, batteries lowest up to about 4 hours.
1	The screen is big, a lot of memory
1	The screen is self-aggrandising, a lot of memory
0	No Optical Viewfinder, No Carry Case
0	No Optical Viewfinder, No persuade Case
1	Full feature/function packed phone
1	Full feature/subprogram packed phone
0	Expensive
0	expensive
1	Price, print quality
1	Price, publish quality
0	Numbers and text very small, Difficult to see screen in daylight, Smaller buttons
0	Numbers and text very small, Difficult to find screen in daylight, minor buttons
0	Poor battery life and basic functions, large, not pocket sized.
0	inadequate battery lifespan and basic functions, large, not pocket sized.
0	Printing speeds are industry average. May consume ink fast, depending on how you customarily print.
0	Printing fastness are industry middling. May consume ink degenerate, depending on how you customarily print.
0	Poor reception, Easily Scrated, Wallpapers and Ringtones suck.
0	Poor reception, Easily Scrated, Wallpapers and Ringtones nurse.
0	Type-1 flash-card, only 8MB card included, pricey
0	Type-1 flash-card, only 8MB posting included, pricey
0	low quality, battery life, low # of pics in memory
0	modest quality, battery life, low # of pics in memory
1	Very small, great rings, nice blue light
1	Very small, expectant rings, nice blue light
0	wimpy flash; slow, dark lens
0	wimpy flash; slow, obscure lens
0	Expensive, manual not great
0	Expensive, manual not groovy
1	lightweight, reasonably priced, highly manouverable,folds easily,my baby loves it
1	lightweight, reasonably priced, highly manouverable,crimp well,my baby loves it
1	Easy to Use, Price, Picture Quality
1	light to Use, Price, Picture Quality
1	easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	easy to use&amp;#13;&ampere;#10;
0	The USB connection WILL NOT WORK with Window's Millenium Edition.  
0	The USB connection bequeath NOT run with Window's Millenium Edition.  
1	Movie mode; sepia &amp; B&amp;W, user-friendly, optical zoom, rechargable batteries
1	Movie way; sepia &amp; bacillus&amp;W, user-friendly, optical zoom, rechargable batteries
0	Price, flimsy antenna.
0	terms, flimsy antenna.
1	Very good overall
1	rattling good overall
1	Everything!
1	Everything!
1	USB, Optical zoom, small size
1	USB, Optical zoom, minuscule size
1	cheap
1	meretricious
1	Sometimes it takes decent pictures
1	Sometimes it contain decent pictures
0	Big and a bit over sized!
0	Big and a moment over sized!
0	If you go for the products that look the best, don't buy this.
0	If you cristal for the products that appear the best, don't buy this.
0	overpriced, lack of wide angle
0	overpriced, want of wide angle
0	Voice memory is shaky and the phonebook isn't optimal
0	vocalisation memory is shaky and the phonebook isn't optimal
0	They dont have the option to block restricted calls like motorollas do.
0	They dont have the option to occlusion limit calls like motorollas do.
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
0	niggling bulky but easily convulsion in pocket....other than that nothing else
1	None
1	none
0	no paper manual, no USB connection, a bit flimsy
0	no newspaper manual, no USB connection, a bit flimsy
1	Looks cool
1	feeling cool
0	Only 2 MB of internal memory, high amount of color noise on indoor shots.
0	sole 2 megabyte of internal memory, high amount of color noise on indoor shots.
0	Viewfinder hard to see through in the dark
0	Viewfinder intemperate to see through in the dark
0	No Bluetooth
0	no Bluetooth
0	VERY short battery life, no outside display
0	rattling short battery life, no outside display
0	Envelopes tend to stick.
0	Envelopes tend to cling.
1	Easy Setup, Good Quality Print, Reasonable price
1	Easy Setup, estimable Quality Print, Reasonable price
1	Easy to maneuver, handy storage tray, large basket, easy one-hand folding mechanism
1	Easy to direct, handy storage tray, large basketful, easy one-hand folding mechanism
0	Only 1.3 MP, only 3x zoom
0	merely 1.3 MP, only 3x zoom
0	Needs linux drivers.
0	penury linux drivers.
0	Sparse documentation of advanced features
0	Sparse documentation of modern features
0	Small Zoom, Poor Light Collection, Short Battery Life, Type 1 CF Slot
0	Small Zoom, Poor lite Collection, brusque Battery Life, Type 1 CF Slot
1	Image quality, Functionality, Design
1	Image choice, Functionality, Design
1	good quality camera
1	unspoiled quality camera
1	low price, text print quality
1	depressed price, text print quality
0	Compared to some phones now, it may be big and it doesn't have color screen
0	Compared to some phone now, it may be expectant and it doesn't have coloration screen
0	Bad zoom, slow flash and no macro.
0	Bad zoom, slow tacky and no macro.
0	Slow uploads to computer
0	wearisome uploads to computer
0	none
0	none
1	Easy to use
1	soft to use
0	Hard to use, poor quality pictures, battery life.. ha ha.
0	Hard to utilize, poor prize pictures, battery life.. ha ha.
1	The cell phone has reception most of the time.
1	The cell phone has reception most of the metre.
1	Small, easy to personalize, secure
1	Small, easy to personalize, impregnable
1	Made by Xerox...an American based 
1	micturate by Xerox...an American based 
1	Photo quality prints.  Double sided printing.  Fast Fast Fast.
1	Photo quality prints.  Double sided printing.  Fast dissolute Fast.
0	Bad reception/internal antenna, navigation hard to use, uncomfortable for ear, hard to open.
0	Bad reception/internal antenna, navigation hard to habit, uncomfortable for ear, laborious to open.
0	Sony Proprietary Memory, Occasionally Difficult Manual Focus
0	Sony proprietorship Memory, Occasionally Difficult Manual Focus
0	nothing
0	zero
1	Fast, Easy Install, Good quality
1	Fast, Easy Install, practiced quality
0	$Pricey
0	$high-priced
0	Only 8Mb Memory Stick, memory stick can be expensive, short battery life, no remote control
0	Only 8Mb memory pin, memory stick can be expensive, scant battery life, no remote control
1	Easy to use, great outdoor shots, fairly inexpensive
1	Easy to use, great outdoor shots, reasonably inexpensive
1	It is fast and accurate.
1	It is tight and accurate.
0	Large unit, shutter button by "feel"
0	bombastic unit, shutter button by "feel"
1	Voice dial, high number holding capacity
1	Voice dial, high number withstand capacity
0	8 MB Memory Stick is small
0	8 MB Memory reefer is small
1	good zoom features, on the fly editing in-camera, Polaroid printing feature
1	ripe zoom features, on the fly editing in-camera, Polaroid printing characteristic
1	its aight
1	its aight
0	Very short battery life, Only 4mb memory stick included in package.
0	Very dead battery life, lone 4mb memory stick included in package.
0	Case design, included software
0	Case designing, included software
1	Durable, Battery life, flip.
1	indestructible, Battery life, flip.
1	lightweight, easy to fold, wheels conveniently spaced for stair climbing
1	lightweight, easy to plication, pedal conveniently spaced for stair climbing
0	Poor batteries included, No AC adapter included, slow start up.
0	Poor batteries included, No AC adapter included, wearisome beginning up.
0	no color screen, which isn't really bad
0	no color screen, which isn't really uncollectible
0	display went bad, but they replaced within days
0	display endure bad, but they replaced within days
0	could us more storage.
0	could us more entrepot.
1	Good Picture
1	commodity Picture
0	A little pricy...but worth it
0	A niggling pricy...but worth it
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	expect and feels cheap, utter time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	outdated (already)
0	superannuated (already)
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, ane megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 living
1	Great lens, 10x zoom, good flash, easy to use.
1	Great lens, 10x zoom, expert flash, easy to use.
0	A little heavier than other phones, also, accessories can be expensive at times.
0	A little cloggy than other call, also, accessories can be expensive at times.
0	Have not found any.
0	suffer not found any.
0	Voracious appetite for batteries
0	Voracious appetite for barrage
0	better for business
0	honorable for business
0	low speaker volume, relatively small display for internet phone
0	low speaker volume, relatively diminished display for internet phone
1	Low Cost, High Quality 
1	depressed Cost, High Quality 
0	does not use standard hands-free
0	does not expend standard hands-free
0	a little higher price but worth it
0	a little higher damage but worth it
1	Great photos from this printer
1	peachy photos from this printer
1	FAST, Excellent quality text and color
1	FAST, Excellent quality text and gloss
0	awkward to hold, no b/w mode
0	awkward to concord, no b/w mode
0	Slow on some graphics
0	slow on some graphics
0	No Optical Zoom, No USB
0	No Optical Zoom, nobelium USB
1	Nice Design and looks great
1	dainty Design and looks great
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	Size, Clarity, test Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu test
0	Text and voice mail alerts are not loud enough.
0	Text and voice mail alerts are not tacky enough.
0	Not much memory, sucks serious battery
0	Not much memory, absorb serious battery
1	good pic quality &amp;amp; price
1	good movie quality &amp;amp; price
1	Great phone when it works. Durable Good Battery life
1	capital phone when it works. Durable Good Battery life
0	Complicated, awkward, short battery life
0	Complicated, awkward, inadequate battery life
1	small
1	minuscule
0	a little slow
0	a little deadening
0	not as fast as others
0	not as quick as others
1	Voice Dial, Good Battery Life
1	Voice Dial, Good Battery aliveness
1	Easy to use, great pictures, good price
1	Easy to use, great envision, good price
0	too loud, sounds horrible, battery life, the manual, ease of use.
0	too loud, sounds horrible, battery life, the manual, alleviate of usage.
1	MP3 player, Expandable memory upto 1GB, Data connectivity with PC
1	MP3 musician, Expandable remembering upto 1GB, Data connectivity with PC
1	Great clarity
1	big clarity
1	Very versatile--full featured phone and email/web browser all in one at a good price.
1	really versatile--full feature phone and email/web browser all in unmatchable at a good price.
0	Fuzzy pictures
0	Fuzzy delineation
0	Everything except for the wrist strap...
0	Everything except for the wrist lather...
0	only 8M memory stick, have to hold very still when using moon light shot
0	only 8M memory cleave, have to hold very still when using moon illumination shot
1	Color quality is good, easy navigations through menus.
1	Color quality is skillful, easy navigations through menus.
0	Long range zoom photos are not as clear.
0	hanker range zoom photos are not as clear.
1	Great quality, extremely quiet, no feeding problems
1	Great quality, super quiet, no feeding problems
0	Sound quality is awful
0	Sound quality is fearful
0	-LOW ring tones!!
0	-crushed ring tones!!
0	plastic, not durable
0	plastic, not undestroyable
0	Not network compatible, no Unix drivers
0	Not meshwork compatible, no Unix drivers
1	Small,easy to use,changeable face plates,wireless web,200 contacts memory
1	Small,easy to enjoyment,chatoyant face plates,wireless web,200 contacts memory
1	Great picture quality.  Full of features, yet easy to point and shoot in auto mode.
1	gravid picture quality.  Full of features, yet easy to dot and shoot in car mode.
0	small basket
0	modest basket
1	Size
1	sizing
0	Small screen, medium battery life
0	Small sort, medium battery life
0	Slow transfer speed; must have a flash indoors
0	boring transfer speed; must have a flash indoors
0	Shorter battery life and questions re: long-term durability
0	Shorter battery life and questions re: long-run durability
1	Great printer for low price , great quality printouts
1	Great printer for scurvy price , great quality printouts
0	display problems.
0	display problem.
0	Slow, Ink runs out fast
0	Slow, Ink prevail out fast
1	Compact
1	thick
0	Digital zoom isn't great
0	Digital zoom isn't outstanding
1	Superb Auto mode, manual features, four megapixels
1	Superb automobile mode, manual features, four megapixels
0	Takes a bit of practice to get it unfolded
0	convey a bit of practice to get it unfolded
1	Good Image Quality, Expandable Memory, Easy to use
1	Good image Quality, Expandable Memory, Easy to use
0	No optical zoom
0	No ocular zoom
1	Color at average DPI is very good, incredible at highest.
1	Color at norm DPI is very good, incredible at high.
1	Very easy to use, very smooth lcd display
1	Very loose to use, very smooth lcd display
0	EATS Batteries!!! Horrible low light focus
0	EATS Batteries!!! Horrible low swooning focus
1	Smaller, user friendly phone with direct connect
1	minuscule, user friendly phone with direct connect
1	inexpensive, easy to use
1	inexpensive, leisurely to use
0	None yet.
0	None nonetheless.
0	durability, flaky LCD connection, no WAP, can't store email addresses, not a world phone
0	durability, flaky LCD joining, no WAP, can't store email addresses, not a man phone
1	great photo quality
1	smashing photo quality
1	Easy to use, great resolution
1	Easy to use, cracking resolution
1	thin, light weight, color screen, speaker phone
1	thin, clean weight, color screen, speaker phone
1	Simple to use.
1	Simple to enjoyment.
0	a little awkward due to it's size, easy to block the lens when taking pictures
0	a little awkward due to it's size, well-fixed to block the lens when postulate word-painting
0	Noisy at times (but not as noisy as my neighbor's rap)....
0	noisy at times (but not as noisy as my neighbor's tap)....
0	It's a piece of junk!
0	It's a bit of junk!
1	Excellent low light lens, picture quality, auto exposure settings
1	Excellent depressed light lens, picture quality, auto exposure settings
1	Light, Small, Easy To Use
1	dismount, Small, Easy To Use
0	Unreliable voice-mail alert
0	Unreliable voice-mail alerting
0	Need I say more?? Thanks for the rant space
0	Need I state more?? Thanks for the rant space
0	Poor quality, slow, bad flash, short battery life
0	Poor quality, slow, bad heartbeat, short battery life
1	PDA functionality, photo caller ID, sleek design, lightweight and compact, external LCD
1	PDA functionality, photo caller ID, sleek design, lightweight and constrict, extraneous LCD
0	Quiet Speaker volume, Low talk time, Weak on sound clarity.
0	Quiet Speaker volume, Low talk time, Weak on effectual pellucidity.
0	Ink cartridges slightly expensive, but last  twice as long.
0	Ink cartridges slightly expensive, but last-place  twice as long.
0	Poor documentation on downloading pics to computer, some quirky features
0	wretched certification on downloading pics to computer, some quirky features
0	Heavy battery consumption on some features
0	Heavy battery consumption on some feature
0	Needs computer to retain some settings; may not be Y2K compatible
0	take calculator to retain some settings; may not be Y2K compatible
1	Photo printing
1	Photo impression
1	Excellent pictures, compact, stainless steel, stitch function, compact flash, takes quicktime movies
1	Excellent scene, compact, stainless steel, stitch function, compact tawdry, takes quicktime movies
1	small, light, packed with features
1	small, Light, packed with features
1	Speed, quality of prints, ease of use, style, fast warmup, comes with USB 
1	Speed, quality of prints, ease of employ, trend, fast warmup, comes with USB 
0	picture quality
0	characterisation quality
1	Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
1	Good 'phone' spirit and sound quality.
1	Good price, good printing quality, cartridges easy to find
1	Good price, good printing prize, cartridges easy to find
1	features, smallish for an all-in-one with fax capabilities.
1	features, smallish for an all-in-one with fax capableness.
0	Small size takes getting used to; No color.
0	Small size film getting used to; No color.
1	Great pictures
1	Great visualize
0	When your phone goes dead you need to get a new number.
0	When your phone work dead you involve to get a new number.
1	Clam-shell design, good sound, good reception, good battery life
1	Clam-shell design, good legal, good reception, good battery life
1	Excellent Quality Pictures
1	Excellent Quality figure
1	tiny, lightweight, good looking, well built, well featured, an excellent phone.
1	tiny, lightweight, estimable looking, well built, well featured, an excellent earpiece.
0	reception!, display quality, battery life
0	reception!, display select, battery life
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	gravel reception, vibrant color covert, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Cheap. Available. Works with my network. Inexpensive 3rd party accessories.
1	Cheap. usable. workplace with my network. Inexpensive 3rd party accessories.
0	Wireless web button is easy to bump
0	Wireless web button is easy to blow
1	Fast, surprisingly good photo printing, quiet
1	Fast, surprisingly expert photo printing, quiet
1	Remotely attractive.
1	remotely attractive.
0	- hangs pretty frequently
0	- hangs pretty oftentimes
0	No such thing with this camera!
0	nobelium such thing with this camera!
1	picture quality, cheap price
1	video quality, cheap price
0	slow image processing &amp; storing, can't handle night shots greater than about ten feet.
0	slow image processing &amp; storing, can't grip night shots greater than about ten pes.
0	none
0	none
0	Voice activation, small keys, poor battery life (after 24 hours, 5 calls it is dead).
0	Voice activation, small key, poor battery lifespan (after 24 hours, 5 anticipate it is dead).
1	Earpiece volume, battery life, gee whizzy factor
1	phone volume, battery life, gee whizzy factor
0	Bad function quality
0	Bad function timbre
0	Hard to see subjects through LCD screen unless there is a lot of light.
0	tough to see subjects through LCD screen unless there is a lot of illumination.
1	Dirt cheap, fair picture quality, nice for the kids, seems sturdy enough
1	Dirt cheap, comely video quality, nice for the kids, seems sturdy enough
0	Was expensive, low battery life, low max volume, ugh..frustration
0	constitute expensive, low battery life, low scoop volume, ugh..frustration
0	Hard to get stuff in and out of bottom basket.  Price.
0	Hard to let stuff in and out of bottom basket.  terms.
1	Very easy to use with quality pictures.
1	Very sluttish to use with quality pictures.
0	Calling glitches. Belt clip not included. Address book is clunky to use.
0	holler glitches. bang clip not included. Address book is clunky to use.
0	I do not like the way it feeds the paper in
0	iodin do not like the means it feeds the paper in
0	None 
0	none 
0	Battery Life soso. The battery gauge screwy. Sprint PCS Vision
0	Battery Life soso. The battery estimate screw-loose. Sprint PCS Vision
1	Classy looking, nice fabric patterns, big canopy, reversible handle
1	Classy look, nice fabric patterns, big canopy, reversible handle
1	Easy to use, nice looking appearance, small size, prints beautifully, excellent price
1	promiscuous to use, courteous looking appearance, small size, prints beautifully, excellent price
1	Extremely fast, Separate inks, High resolution photos, Easy set-up
1	Extremely firm, Separate inks, High resolution photos, Easy set-up
1	Feature rich, good performance, excellent battery life, great overall value.
1	Feature rich, near performance, excellent battery life, dandy overall value.
0	colour cartridges are expensive
0	colour pickup are expensive
1	Easy to use, Great quality image Picture, Good price. Worth your Money!
1	easygoing to use, Great quality image flick, Good price. Worth your Money!
1	Easy to use, Great pictures
1	Easy to use, corking pictures
1	Durable, Easy To Use
1	Durable, Easy To utilization
1	Moveable display
1	Moveable presentation
1	Fast printing, easy set-up, cheap ink.
1	quick printing, easy set-up, cheap ink.
1	It's lightweight. Easy to transfer pictures. 
1	It's lightweight. Easy to transfer scene. 
1	mp3 player/camera in one!!
1	mp3 player/camera in ane!!
1	Small, sleek design
1	Small, sleek conception
0	None
0	none
1	Fairly Small, Lots of ring options, alarm clock, and caller ID
1	somewhat Small, fortune of ring options, alarm clock, and caller ID
1	Small enough to be stuffed in a pocket or purse, point-and-shoot ease...
1	pocket-size enough to be shove in a pocket or purse, point-and-shoot ease...
1	Lot of value for the $, easy to use and install, quality printouts
1	administer of value for the $, sluttish to use and install, quality printouts
0	Expensive!
0	expensive!
0	Slow!!!
0	dense!!!
0	Shape wants to slip out of my hands for some reason.
0	build wants to elusion out of my hands for some reason.
0	heavy and costly
0	punishing and costly
1	Pretty blue case, thin and light
1	Pretty blue case, thin and lightsome
1	Lightweight, simple to use, cute looking, basic internet access
1	Lightweight, simple to use, cute looking, staple internet access
1	FULL DUPLEX SPEAKER PHONE (IT WORKS!) WITH ONE TOUCH SPEAKER ACTIVATION- VOICE ACTIVATED DIALING
1	FULL DUPLEX SPEAKER PHONE (IT WORKS!) WITH peerless meet SPEAKER ACTIVATION- VOICE ACTIVATED DIALING
0	no vibrate feature, no VM indicator
0	no vibrate feature, no VM index
0	None visible yet
0	None visible even
1	Great image quality, most things work as advertised
1	Great image quality, most things oeuvre as advertised
0	Ringtones can not be added, and accessories are limited
0	Ringtones can not be added, and accessories are modified
0	Hard on batteries
0	difficult on batteries
1	Wonderful, sturdy, long lasting system
1	Wonderful, sturdy, foresightful lasting system
0	really slow and only one cartridge
0	really decelerate and only one cartridge
1	Best color accuracy and sharpness of all 2.1 mpixel cameras
1	estimable colour accuracy and sharpness of all 2.1 mpixel cameras
1	It's Free!
1	It's absolve!
0	Slightly bulky; no USB cord 
0	slightly bulky; no USB cord 
0	short USB cable
0	unretentive USB cable
1	Flippy clam-phone. Always on email & legible screen & great battery life.
1	Flippy clam-phone. constantly on email & legible screen & bang-up battery life.
1	It's rugged, charges quickly, simple to operate, basic phone no unwanted bells and whistles.
1	It's rugged, agitate quickly, simple to operate, basic earphone no unwanted bells and whistles.
0	windows driver looses print job if you forgot to switch it on, loud in draft
0	windows driver unloosen publish job if you forgot to throw it on, loud in draft
0	Chews through the ink.  Needs the PC to use copy function.
0	Chews through the ink.  need the PC to use copy work.
0	Keeps breaking! Low speaker level, too.
0	Keeps breaking! Low speaker dismantle, too.
1	Great zoom lens
1	heavy zoom lens
0	Sprint PCS network
0	Sprint PCS meshwork
0	no case or adapter
0	no eccentric or adapter
1	It does everything!
1	IT does everything!
0	Awkward battery compartment, bad placement of power button
0	inapt battery compartment, bad placement of power button
0	Lousy instruction manual, that stupid lens-cap, poor small display Icons.
0	Lousy instruction manual, that stupid lens-cap, pitiable small display icon.
0	no optical, slow to focus on automatic focus
0	no optical, deadening to focus on automatic focus
1	Good battery life
1	undecomposed battery life
1	Does anything you expect a mid ranged camera to do.  Complete manual controls. Rugged. 
1	Does anything you expect a mid ranged camera to do.  over manual verify. Rugged. 
1	Full featured, easy to use
1	Full featured, easy to function
0	Too big for my small desk
0	Too self-aggrandizing for my small desk
1	Easy to use, Idiot Proof, and a great deal!
1	Easy to enjoyment, Idiot Proof, and a great deal!
1	formidable photo quality, durable, versatile
1	formidable photo choice, durable, versatile
1	Good performance, excellent output, and Cheap!!
1	adept performance, excellent output, and Cheap!!
1	Great screen
1	bully screen
0	slow
0	slowly
1	Easy to use, prints real good, scans great.
1	Easy to use, prints real good, scans corking.
0	Saving numbers in the directory, loud initial ringer volume
0	Saving numbers in the directory, loud initial ringer loudness
0	No Cables are included
0	No Cables are admit
0	Auto-focus could be better
0	Auto-focus could be substantially
1	Combines phone, PIM, Fax, and Net all in one device.
1	blend telephone, PIM, Fax, and Net all in one device.
1	It's Olympus! SLR, reading CompactFlash &amp; SmartMedia.
1	It's Olympus! SLR, indication CompactFlash &amp; SmartMedia.
1	Decent pictures, affordable, floppy disk storage
1	Decent pictures, affordable, floppy disk reposition
0	Heavy on right side because of the batteries, have to look for off/on button
0	weighty on right face because of the batteries, have to feel for off/on button
1	Image quality, light weight, functionality
1	Image quality, lightly weight, functionality
0	Hmmm... gets lost easily
0	Hmmm... engender lost easily
0	No LCD, 3 buttons pushed to get past flash, low resolution, no tele lens.
0	No LCD, 3 buttons pushed to draw past flash, low-spirited resolution, no tele lens.
1	Speed and quality
1	Speed and timbre
1	Good menu selection and features
1	respectable menu selection and features
1	Perfect Pictures Every Time
1	Perfect pic Every Time
0	none
0	none
1	great resolution, usb transfer
1	cracking resolution, usb transfer
1	Excellent image quality, packed with features
1	Excellent effigy quality, packed with features
0	Picture quality isn't that good, cheap design and construction, no flash makes lighting necessary
0	Picture quality isn't that good, cheap design and construction, no flare makes unhorse necessary
0	memory card not enough space, flimsy lens cap, crashes at higher resolutions, customer service 
0	memory carte not enough space, flimsy lens cap, clangour at higher resolutions, customer service 
0	Umbrella handles instead of a middle bar across&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Small storage basket
0	Umbrella manage instead of a middle bar across&amp;#13;&amp;#10;minor warehousing basket
1	Superb image quality, no mangenta/blue/red in your pics!Hi sharpness, 8M card to get started.
1	Superb trope quality, no mangenta/blue/red-faced in your pics!Hi sharpness, 8M card to bring started.
1	Great quality and speed
1	Great quality and hotfoot
1	lots of pages per minute with windows 2000
1	peck of pages per minute with windows 2000
0	accessories pricey
0	accessories pricy
0	very high battery consumption
0	very high-pitched battery consumption
0	none
0	none
1	top quality European stroller, comfortable and plush, easy to control, 
1	top quality European stroller, comfortable and plush, comfortable to see, 
1	Easy Turning
1	Easy rick
0	No analog roaming, sometimes slow menus
0	No analog roaming, sometimes deadening menus
0	um..none
0	um..none
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	Battery animation, lg phone size, flimsy when overt, too many features
0	had to download driver
0	had to download driver
1	Nice color screen with simple easy to use menu.
1	Nice coloring screen with simple easy to use menu.
0	Not for big Jobs or office use
0	Not for bountiful Jobs or office use
0	inability to increase RAM
0	inability to increment RAM
0	No color screen, poor, games, not a new "camera phone"...who needs those anyway?
0	No color screen, pitiful, games, not a new "camera phone"...who take those anyway?
0	non downloadable tones and no Internet
0	non downloadable tone and no Internet
1	Great price, outstanding picture quality, good battery life, video output, slide show mode, TONS of extras!
1	big price, outstanding impression quality, well battery life, video output, slide show mode, TONS of extras!
0	Smartmedia Memory Card, Somewhat akward (until you learn it) menu system
0	Smartmedia retention plug-in, Somewhat akward (until you learn it) menu system
0	bulky
0	bulky
0	small bundled memory (8MB)
0	minuscule bundled memory (8MB)
0	Works great until it pops  until the ink starts spurting all over  that was bad!
0	Works corking until it tonic  until the ink startle spurting all over  that was bad!
1	to me, none.
1	to me, none.
0	under seat storage is too shallow, seat seemed too thin
0	under stern storage is too shallow, arse seemed too thin
0	COST $$$$$, canopy, basket
0	COST $$$$$, canopy, hoop
1	Easy to use, floppy disks are inexpensive, great all around camera.
1	Easy to manipulation, floppy disks are inexpensive, keen all around camera.
0	Bundled software poor
0	Bundled software inadequate
1	Mobile, changeable face plates, good sound quality, advanced features
1	Mobile, changeable look plates, good sound quality, advanced features
0	short battery life, holster design
0	myopic battery life, holster design
0	battery life, error messages
0	battery life, mistake messages
0	none
0	none
1	Cheap, portable, and very easy to use.
1	gimcrack, portable, and very easy to use.
0	completing functions my be cumbersome
0	completing occasion my be cumbersome
1	Small size. Great picture quality. Great quality overall. Small recharger &amp; included rechargable battery.
1	Small size. dandy pic quality. Great quality overall. Small recharger &amp; included rechargable battery.
1	it is very good
1	it is very skillful
0	Screen hard to read in direct sunlight; hard to get knowledgeable support.
0	Screen hard to read in direct sunlight; firmly to commence knowledgeable support.
0	Pricey, heavy, flimsy battery door, 8 mb CF card
0	costly, heavy, flimsy battery door, 8 mb CF card
1	Size, weight, ease of use, features (hands-free, etc.)
1	Size, weight, ease of habituate, features (hands-free, etc.)
1	Fast, clear printing. Easy USB support.
1	Fast, clear printing. Easy USB subscribe.
0	none.
0	none.
1	durable, color screen, cheap, functional, good battery life, durable
1	durable, color cover, cheap, functional, good battery life, durable
0	battery life
0	battery sprightliness
0	easy to accidentally hang up on a caller.
0	easy to accidentally hang up on a caller-out.
1	Price, Size, Optic Zoom, Easy Navigation
1	Price, Size, Optic Zoom, soft Navigation
1	excellent photos, easy to use, reasonable price
1	excellent photos, well-situated to use, reasonable price
1	Feature rich, picture quality, storage media flexibility
1	Feature racy, picture quality, storage media flexibility
1	Personalized Ringtones, Battery life, Durable.
1	personalize Ringtones, Battery life, Durable.
0	Blurry pictures for minimal action shots; lag time.
0	foggy pictures for minimal action shots; lag time.
1	smooth, fast, compact, large paper tray
1	smooth, fast, compact, bombastic paper tray
1	fashionable,cute,beautiful ring
1	fashionable,cute,beautiful doughnut
0	Low volume.
0	small volume.
1	Moderate speed, good print quality, hibernation feature
1	Moderate hie, good print quality, hibernation feature
0	none
0	none
0	No external caller ID, no speakerphone
0	No external caller-out ID, no speakerphone
0	Not a consumer phone - confusing to program - best for a power user.
0	Not a consumer headphone - confusing to program - unspoilt for a power user.
0	delay between button pushed and photo taken, sometimes flash doesn't engage on auto-flash
0	delay between button pushed and photo aim, sometimes swank doesn't engage on auto-flash
0	To maximize use need to purchase additional flashcards and a reader
0	To maximize employment motive to purchase additional flashcards and a reader
1	lightweight, great battery performance, great reception, looks nice
1	lightweight, great battery performance, keen reception, looks nice
0	Price, no digital output
0	Price, no digital yield
0	battery drain, Olympus warranty 
0	battery drain, Olympus warrant 
1	Great Image Quality; Excellent Features
1	Great Image timbre; Excellent Features
0	Banner changing
0	Banner change
0	Squareish shape, expensive.
0	Squareish bod, expensive.
1	Great display, great contact management software
1	Great showing, great contact management software
1	Small, EASY TO USE, quality built.
1	Small, EASY TO utilization, quality built.
1	Low price, decent prints, nice software.
1	Low price, decorous prints, nice software.
1	Great color quality, fairly quick, inexpensive
1	Great color prime, fairly quick, inexpensive
0	Zoom feature blurs photo too easily, Battery Drainer, Flimsy Strap, LED fuzzy/hard to view
0	Zoom have blurs photo too easily, Battery Drainer, slight lather, LED fuzzy/hard to view
0	slow color print time, especially high definition
0	slow color print time, especially high-pitched definition
0	Cannot be used over a network. Touchy paper feed.  USB ONLY Connector.
0	Cannot be put-upon over a network. Touchy paper feed.  USB only Connector.
0	Paper jams, double-feeds, printing envelopes
0	Paper press, double-feeds, printing envelopes
0	No USB connection, no sound
0	no USB connection, no sound
1	Simplicity itself for use
1	Simplicity itself for purpose
1	No More Film Processing
1	No More celluloid Processing
1	Bluetooth, IR, GSM, light weight, great accesories
1	Bluetooth, IR, GSM, light weight, peachy accesories
1	Ultra slim, sturdy, voice dialing, large phonebook, calendar
1	Ultra slim, sturdy, voice dialing, gravid phonebook, calendar
1	Fairly durable phone with lots of neat features and gadgets.... Web enabled
1	Fairly durable phone with circumstances of neat features and contraption.... Web enabled
0	None
0	none
1	Superb Image Capture
1	Superb trope Capture
1	Light, Good Battery Life, Easy to Use
1	Light, Good Battery Life, well-to-do to Use
1	Ease of operation
1	simpleness of operation
0	Battery life not great if you use the phone much.
0	Battery living not great if you manipulation the phone much.
1	Lightweight, reclines, can transport an older child on the back, durable.
1	Lightweight, reclines, can transferral an older child on the back, long-wearing.
1	small, light, data capable, IR port, T9 text input, changable faceplate
1	small, perch, data capable, iridium port, T9 text input, changable faceplate
0	scanner only feeds not a flat scanner
0	scanner only feeds not a matted scanner
0	No Speakerphone
0	no Speakerphone
0	none (compared to 8860)
0	none (liken to 8860)
1	built in battery recharger, uses Fuji NP-80 battery
1	built in battery recharger, employment Fuji NP-80 battery
1	Very fast, excellent photo quality, very good text, single color ink tanks, user replaceable head.
1	Very fast, excellent photo select, very expert text, unmarried color ink tanks, user replaceable head.
1	Very fast, Great performance
1	Very fast, Great execution
0	LCD iffy quality, average return/repair policy
0	LCD iffy quality, average return/haunt policy
0	A little cumbersome
0	A fiddling cumbersome
0	Smallish Buttons
0	Smallish button
1	Fast and easy menu system, beautifully large screen, TONS of features
1	Fast and easy menu system, beautifully prominent screen, tons of features
1	Very sturdy, easy to &amp;quot;pilot&amp;quot;, comfy
1	Very sturdy, easy to &amp;quot;pilot&AMP;quot;, comfortable
0	Didnt' come with a carring case
0	Didnt' come with a carring fount
0	Picture quality is utterly awful
0	exposure quality is utterly awful
1	Infrared features, nice design, nice ergonomics, nice class
1	Infrared characteristic, nice design, nice ergonomics, nice class
1	Good looks, Nice features, Great value
1	Good appear, Nice features, Great value
1	This is a great camera that takes quality pictures and many options to choose from
1	This is a bang-up camera that engage quality pictures and many option to choose from
0	sometimes jams paper up
0	sometimes jampack paper up
0	Not very good for being on a network and used buy a group of people.
0	not very effective for being on a network and used bargain a group of people.
1	Reasonably priced with good print quality on most things.
1	Reasonably priced with salutary print quality on most things.
0	time lapse between pictures is very slow;carrying case is not part of purchase package; 
0	time relapse between pictures is very easy;pack case is not part of purchase package; 
0	Weak red-eye protection, no power adapter.
0	Weak red-eye protection, no king adapter.
1	Ease of use, picture quality
1	Ease of function, picture quality
1	a lot , i imagine
1	a circle , i imagine
0	None for the price
0	None for the cost
1	accomodate infant seat, compact and light weight.
1	accomodate infant seat, compact and abstemious weight.
0	none so far.
0	none so Interahamwe.
1	Size, display works well in bright light, and ease of use.
1	Size, display works fountainhead in bright light, and relaxation of use.
1	In digital Cameras $500 is all you need!
1	In digital Cameras $500 is all you pauperism!
0	Phone Book Limited, Software Glitches, Inconsistent Navigation, Monochrome Screen
0	phone Book Limited, Software Glitches, Inconsistent Navigation, Monochrome Screen
1	Easy to use, good photos
1	Easy to use, good exposure
1	Size, portability, external caller ID, phone book size, voice dialing a plus, call clarity.
1	Size, portability, external caller ID, phone record size, vocalisation dialing a plus, call clarity.
1	GoodLooking, Dual LCDs, Voice-Active, WAP, Shortcuts Menus, ringtone-composer
1	GoodLooking, three-fold LCDs, Voice-Active, WAP, Shortcuts Menus, ringtone-composer
0	Micro drives and batteries need work.  Requires Nikon DX model flash for consistency.
0	Micro drives and batteries need operate.  Requires Nikon DX model flash for eubstance.
1	size, metal casing, great looks, outside caller id and info screen, tri-band GSM, GPRS
1	size, metal casing, capital looks, extraneous caller id and info screen, tri-band GSM, GPRS
1	Cost, easy install WIN2k, Cost of Ink, Quality of print.
1	Cost, well-fixed install WIN2k, Cost of Ink, choice of print.
0	Volume levels, battery life,gets hot, placement of charger socket.
0	Volume point, battery life,beget hot, placement of charger socket.
1	Print quality, speed
1	impress quality, speed
1	Price, General reliability, Dual interface, Output quality, quiet, quick for the money.
1	Price, General reliability, treble interface, Output quality, still, quick for the money.
1	Size, Quality, Speed, Picture Quality
1	Size, Quality, Speed, flick Quality
0	battery life
0	battery spirit
0	heavy ink consumption
0	cloggy ink consumption
0	Low Battery Life cumbersome menu navigation
0	Low Battery Life ill-chosen menu navigation
0	slow computer = slow uploading of images 
0	slow computer = slow uploading of project 
0	Too many dropped calls, slow, quiet polyphonic rings, random restarts, 1995 cell phone dependability.
0	Too many fell scream, slow, quiet polyphonic rings, random restarts, 1995 cell phone dependability.
1	Cost, USB compact flash, ease of use
1	Cost, USB compact meretricious, ease of use
1	great graphics, lightweight, able to be personalized, small
1	cracking graphics, lightweight, able to be personalized, small
0	Side to side action sometimes shakes desk
0	Side to slope action sometimes shakes desk
1	Simple &amp;amp; easy to use!
1	Simple &amp;amp; easily to use!
1	Fast Digital Copies, Cheap Cartridge, Very Reliable
1	quick Digital Copies, Cheap Cartridge, Very Reliable
0	Expensive, poor reception, display glitches, difficult to turn on and off.
0	Expensive, poor reception, showing glitches, difficult to wrench on and off.
1	address book,
1	address Bible,
0	Size, digital viewfinder, Only comes with a 16MB memory stick.
0	Size, digital viewfinder, Only descend with a 16MB retention stick.
1	Beautiful pictures.  Good resolution.  
1	Beautiful pictures.  salutary resolution.  
1	Good image quality, easy to use, inexpensive
1	Good image quality, easy to expend, inexpensive
1	Great Price and Good Print Quality
1	capital Price and Good Print Quality
0	too easy 
0	too wanton 
0	Very sensative to light for photo quality.
0	Very sensative to twinkle for photo quality.
0	not the smallest phone out there, standard battery has short life
0	not the smallest earphone out there, standard battery has myopic life
0	LCD screen auto shut-off, 16MB card, no discount on purchasing card, battery life
0	LCD cover auto shut-off, 16MB card, no rebate on purchasing card, battery life
0	Battery life doesn't last very long
0	shelling life doesn't last very long
1	Great pictures, cheap and easy media, high storage capacity
1	Great visualize, cheap and easy media, high storage capacity
1	sleek, small, durable
1	sleek, minuscule, durable
0	None
0	none
0	Easy to lose(!)
0	light to lose(!)
1	Base in car makes for easy car seat insert and removal
1	found in car makes for easy car tooshie insert and removal
0	Cost of print cartridges.
0	Cost of print pickup.
1	Sparking little performer; super features
1	trigger little performer; super features
0	I is slim and has good LCD screen.
0	I is slim and has commodity LCD screen.
1	Nice features, excellent readability.
1	Nice boast, excellent readability.
1	Sharp text, quiet, easy to install
1	Sharp text, repose, easy to install
0	RECEPTION!
0	receipt!
1	Durability, ease of use.
1	Durability, facilitate of use.
0	Does not meet advertised specifications.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No support.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Does not meet publicise specifications.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No documentation.&amp;#13;&amp;#x;
0	Buggy drivers (?), noisy, pricey replacement cartridges.
0	roadster drivers (?), noisy, pricey replacement cartridges.
1	withstands much abuse, good reception, stylish model
1	withstands much abuse, skillful reception, stylish model
1	Small, light weight, easy to use, full color screen.
1	Small, light weight, easy to use, full vividness screen.
1	Great lightweight umbrella stroller
1	large lightweight umbrella stroller
1	Size, ease of use, features to please most anyone
1	size, ease of use, features to please most anyone
1	Great picture...nice and compact
1	Great delineation...nice and compact
0	Not real fast, small paper tray
0	Not real dissipated, small paper tray
0	none
0	none
0	fragile earpiece
0	fragile headphone
1	Price, quality of pictures, ease of use, size
1	Price, quality of painting, ease of use, size
0	You can't use it to go shopping at the mall.
0	You can't use it to sound shit at the mall.
0	no scratch guard for LCD, software is horrible
0	no simoleons guard for LCD, software is horrible
1	Great battery life, Small, Light-weight, Good reception/signal
1	Great battery liveliness, Small, Light-weight, Good reception/signal
1	Good perform
1	safe perform
0	None
0	none
1	Excellent quality at a reasonable price.
1	Excellent quality at a fairish price.
1	Fast printing, good drivers, very reasonable price.
1	Fast printing, soundly drivers, very reasonable price.
0	The Price, but you get what you pay for!
0	The Price, but you develop what you pay for!
0	none
0	none
0	red eye, zoom must be used with LCD, batteries die fast with LCD
0	red eye, zoom must be practice with LCD, batteries conk fast with LCD
0	autonomy; no manual mode; lacks advanced features; measly 8MB card; uses compactflash; no movie mode
0	self-reliance; no manual mode; lacks modern features; measly 8MB card; utilize compactflash; no movie mode
0	could use more memory capacity
0	could habituate more memory capacity
1	A reasonably accomplished attempt at building an all-in-one machine.
1	A reasonably realized attempt at building an all-in-one machine.
1	small, good reception, loads of features
1	small, good reception, loads of have
1	Compact, neat swiveling lens design, relatively cheap, excellent metering , 
1	contract, neat swiveling lens design, relatively cheap, excellent metering , 
0	Price, locks up every so often.
0	Price, lock up every so often.
1	one touch dialing, auto-on, speakerphone functionality
1	one ghost dialing, auto-on, speakerphone functionality
0	If the phone had the speaker phone ability it would rule.
0	If the phone had the verbaliser phone ability it would dominion.
0	not good for travel, small basket
0	not ripe for travel, small basket
1	I don't have to send my film off to have them developed
1	I don't have to post my film off to have them rise
0	no zoom
0	no soar
0	Ink tanks don't last long
0	Ink tanks don't last hanker
0	None
0	none
0	no usb 
0	no usb 
1	Its cheap
1	Its crummy
0	Color ink is a bit pricey, replacing the print head is a major upkeep expense.
0	semblance ink is a prick pricey, replacing the print drumhead is a major upkeep expense.
1	Stylish, Reasonable Amount of Features, Melody Composer, One Touch Internet, Light, Great Quality, Computer Connection
1	Stylish, Reasonable Amount of Features, Melody Composer, One contact Internet, unaccented, Great Quality, Computer association
0	Battery life extremely short
0	Battery life extremely curtly
1	Ease of use, image quality
1	Ease of consumption, image quality
0	kind of slow, no on/off switch
0	tolerant of slow, no on/off switch
1	Great value for the money, great quality output
1	Great value for the money, enceinte quality output
1	Small, Microdrive capable, sharp pictures
1	Small, Microdrive capable, keen pictures
0	Uses a lot of ink
0	Uses a administer of ink
1	Lost of options for the money.
1	confounded of options for the money.
1	A sharp camera with a lot of functionality.
1	A keen camera with a lot of functionality.
1	good camera for a cell phone, thin design, display is amazing,
1	commodity camera for a cell phone, slender design, display is amazing,
1	Small enough to fit in your pocket. Lightweight and easy to use
1	Small enough to go in your pocket. Lightweight and easy to utilization
0	A little small. Have to find a position for your hands to grasp it.
0	A little pocket-size. Have to detect a position for your hands to grasp it.
0	Large, Somewhat Heavy
0	Large, Somewhat heavily
1	camera phone & it was free,
1	camera phone & it was innocent,
1	Noise level is very tolerable, accepts printer cable or USB. Colors are high quality.
1	Noise flat is very tolerable, accepts printer cable or USB. colours are high quality.
1	Size, quality and ease of use.
1	Size, quality and ease of employ.
0	Hard to get., Pricey
0	Hard to stupefy., Pricey
1	quality of documents are very impressive
1	calibre of documents are very impressive
1	Cheap, good for home users.  
1	Cheap, good for family users.  
1	Value, Quality, Speed, Versatile, Quiet
1	Value, Quality, race, Versatile, Quiet
1	Price......
1	toll......
1	Pictures are stored on disks - easy to use.
1	movie are stored on disks - easy to use.
0	No case, downloading photos may be a problem for computer illiterate folks.
0	No fount, downloading photos may be a problem for computer ignorant folks.
0	Electronic Viewfinder, no AF assist light, no lens stabilization, 
0	electronic Viewfinder, no AF assist light, no lens stabilization, 
1	Easy to use.
1	prosperous to use.
1	Excellent price, solid construction, decent flatbed scanner
1	Excellent toll, solid construction, decent flatbed scanner
1	price, good quality printer, fast, supports both USB and parallel
1	price, skillful choice printer, fast, supports both USB and parallel
1	small, practical features like reminders, internet, extense memory, voice dialing, conference.
1	belittled, practical characteristic like reminders, internet, extense memory, voice dialing, conference.
1	Real clear
1	Real clean
0	None
0	none
1	Small size, 3.2 megapixel, metal frame, good coolness ratio, excellent photos, proven performer.
1	pocket-size size, 3.2 megapixel, metal frame, good coolness ratio, excellent photos, rise performer.
0	Needs ink jet paper for good text quality
0	require ink jet paper for good text quality
0	legal copies
0	legal simulate
0	none.
0	none.
0	Awkward user interface (poor arrangement, too many features), phone goes "off-line" when camera is active
0	unenviable user interface (short arrangement, too many features), phone survive "off-line" when camera is active
0	Slow
0	tedious
0	Memory is low, minor bugs, price (even though I got it free)
0	Memory is blue, minor bugs, price (even though I got it relieve)
1	:  fast, vibrant colors, reliable, 
1	:  truehearted, vibrant colors, reliable, 
1	it's an HP
1	it's an horsepower
0	Can't  add any other lenses. But most digitals are that way.
0	Can't  ADD any other lenses. But most digitals are that means.
1	Cute, cheap, anybody could use it
1	Cute, tatty, anybody could use it
0	None
0	none
1	Standard batteries, good picture quality
1	Standard batteries, good characterization quality
0	Early production models have been recalled.  Memory stick capacity.
0	Early production models have been recalled.  Memory cohere capacity.
0	Sometimes only rings 1-2 times (not adjustable); phone wraps obscure screen
0	Sometimes only band 1-2 times (not adjustable); phone wraps obscure covert
0	Medium Sized
0	spiritualist Sized
1	price
1	cost
0	Cheap wheels, they chatter when you walk fast &amp; very hard to close. 
0	Cheap wheels, they chatter when you walk libertine &amp; very hard to conclusion. 
0	Quite large, no clock function, radio only available through hands free kit
0	Quite large, no clock operate, radio only available through deal free kit
1	lots of features
1	rafts of features
1	Easy to use and not very expensive!
1	well-fixed to use and not very expensive!
1	An all-in-one wonder for the modern mobile warrior
1	An all-in-one wonder for the New mobile warrior
0	Bulky for taking "casual" photos
0	Bulky for taking "cursory" photos
0	Pathetic ring tones, not as user friendly as I would like
0	silly ring tones, not as user friendly as i would like
1	price, speed, quality of print
1	price, amphetamine, quality of print
1	Good idea
1	secure idea
1	easy to use and good quality images
1	easy to use and good quality picture
1	all-in-one printer, color copies, fast printing speeds
1	all-in-one printer, color copies, fast printing speeding
0	can't hear the phone ring if it's in a purse or pocket!!!  small font, doesn't display number when called (I like to confirm I called the cell or home number), menu takes too long to navigate, if you store pix with someone's number, the display when they call is so small that you can't see it
0	can't see the phone ring if it's in a purse or pocket!!!  small face, doesn't display bit when promise (I corresponding to confirm i called the cell or home enumerate), menu guide too long to navigate, if you memory pix with someone's act, the display when they forebode is so small that you can't see it
1	Great features/modes, high resolution, color fidelity, excellent metering
1	bully features/modes, high resolution, color fidelity, excellent metering
0	no colors
0	no colorize
1	Easy to use, multi functional
1	comfortable to use, multi functional
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to role
0	Just a bit bulky, hard to find volume on side without looking
0	merely a burn bulky, hard to find volume on side without looking
1	Good battery life
1	dependable battery life
0	You have to know what you are doing to use it.
0	You have to screw what you are doing to function it.
1	cute design, downloadable ringers and wallpaper
1	cute invention, downloadable ringers and wallpaper
1	Simple to use. 2.1 megapixels.
1	Simple to utilization. 2.1 megapixels.
0	None!
0	none!
1	Convenient size. Nice macro abilities. Good battery power.
1	Convenient size. Nice macro abilities. Good battery powerfulness.
0	No rechargeable power source, slight delay when shooting.
0	No rechargeable power source, slight delay when shoot.
0	not a color printer
0	not a colouration printer
1	features, speed, resolution, efficiency
1	feature, speed, resolution, efficiency
0	Learning curve is steep for advanced features.  Lens cap not attached.  Worthless software package.
0	Learning veer is steep for advanced features.  Lens cap not attached.  Worthless software box.
0	Not a lot of "extras" if that's your cup of tea.  A bit large.
0	Not a lot of "extras" if that's your cup of tea.  A bite turgid.
0	Somewhat long warm-up time on first page
0	Somewhat farsighted warm-up time on first page
1	Nice feel in my hands and very durable.
1	gracious feel in my hands and very durable.
0	The battery life is not great.
0	The battery life is not corking.
0	Only if ink were cheaper (all ink)
0	just if ink were cheaper (all ink)
1	Small size, aesthetic qualities
1	Small size, aesthetic caliber
1	The "Oooh" Factor.  Small size.  Belt clip.
1	The "Oooh" Factor.  small-scale size.  Belt clip.
0	none
0	none
0	Image quality, camera size.
0	Image prize, camera size.
0	Won't stay installed.
0	Won't stay instal.
0	Expensive
0	expensive
0	Gets scratched very easily
0	draw scratched very easily
1	Inexpensive, high quality print outs, easy set up
1	Inexpensive, high choice print outs, easy set up
1	Price
1	terms
1	Clear print quality, great color
1	Clear print caliber, great color
1	size, easy to use, good screen
1	size, wanton to use, good screen
0	Have to buy the Mac interface separate
0	Have to bargain the Mac interface separate
1	Small size, good resolution
1	Small size, dependable resolution
1	There is always a network problem.
1	There is always a meshwork problem.
0	none
0	none
0	No manual focus!  Numerous other frustrations.
0	No manual concentre!  Numerous other frustrations.
1	Very small,light weighted,changeable faceplates
1	Very small,light weighted,mutable faceplates
1	Good Pic Quality, Easy to use especially if you already own a Canon, 
1	commodity Pic Quality, well-heeled to use especially if you already own a Canon, 
1	Neat camera and video.
1	great camera and video.
0	Awkward to hold, limited photo space
0	Awkward to apply, limited photo space
1	reliable, quality
1	reliable, prime
1	Size, ease of use, fully-functioned for size
1	Size, ease of utilisation, fully-functioned for size
0	A bit slower when printing in color.
0	A routine slower when printing in color.
0	NO OPTICAL ZOOM, No carrying case, no folder browsing for images or mp3's
0	NO OPTICAL ZOOM, No carrying eccentric, no pamphlet browsing for images or mp3's
0	Flimsy Antenna
0	tenuous Antenna
1	None worth mentioning.
1	None Worth mentioning.
1	Tilt/Flip LCD, 10X Optical Zoom Lens, Image Stabilization&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Tilt/flip LCD, 10X Optical Zoom Lens, see Stabilization&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Stylish, functional, relatively cheap, full of gadget-like features! :-D
1	fashionable, functional, relatively cheap, full of gadget-like features! :-D
1	Small, Great Pictures, Relatively Easy to transfer Pictures to your PC
1	Small, Great show, Relatively slow to transfer Pictures to your PC
0	Dosen't take action pictures, no telephoto lens available.
0	Dosen't accept action pictures, no telephoto lens available.
1	Superb sound quality, durability, and options
1	Superb sound quality, durability, and choice
0	Too Many Problems
0	Too Many trouble
1	small, great picture quality, movie mode.
1	small, great picture quality, movie mood.
1	Fast printing speed, good quality, durable
1	quick printing speed, good quality, durable
0	none really
0	none actually
0	Addictive!
0	addictive!
1	Sleek, slim design; durable; plethora of features; good battery life;
1	Sleek, slim design; durable; plethora of features; well battery lifetime;
0	Not shareable over network
0	Not shareable over meshwork
1	lightweight, has a canopy, good support in seat and backrest, easy to maneuver
1	lightweight, has a canopy, serious brook in seat and backrest, easy to maneuver
1	inexspensive, different rings, easy to use
1	inexspensive, different halo, easy to use
0	None yet
0	None however
1	Nice design, loud ringer, good volume control
1	Nice design, loud ringer, effective volume control
1	Many features, small battery
1	Many features, pocket-size battery
0	no flash, only stores 8 pictures at a time
0	no flash, only stores 8 pictures at a sentence
0	Sometimes it's difficult to figure out.
0	Sometimes it's difficult to image out.
0	2.5hr talking battery life, unable to resize text on main screen, small memory, camera resolution
0	2.5hr talking battery life, unable to resize text on main concealment, small retentivity, camera solving
0	Slow shutter, body/screen easy to scratch, zoom is weak, charger&amp;battery no included
0	Slow shutter, body/screen promiscuous to pelf, zoom is weakly, charger&amp;battery no included
1	All functions work
1	All officiate work
1	compact, easy access voicemail, long battery life
1	compact, gentle access voicemail, long battery life
0	Too many to list here.
0	also many to list here.
1	Solid camera body.  Good indoor, email, &amp;amp; smaller printed quality pics.  Very easy to use, and good documentation.
1	Solid camera trunk.  Good indoor, email, &amp;amp; belittled printed prize pics.  Very easy to use, and good documentation.
0	Everything else.
0	Everything else.
0	Colors Are Not As Sharp As I Would Like
0	colours Are Not As Sharp As I Would Like
0	N/A
0	N/angstrom
0	new accessory device connector, stereo headset in box, no Bluetooth
0	new add-on device connector, stereo headset in boxwood, no Bluetooth
0	Vertical paper tray causes paper to slip(update-This is fixed), No other complaints
0	vertical paper tray causes paper to mistake(update-This is fixed), No other complaints
1	Great features
1	heavy features
1	Everything you NEED
1	Everything you motive
0	Silver/Slick finish makes easy to slip out of hands.  Accessories hard to find.  8mb limitation.
0	Silver/Slick last pretend easy to dislocate out of hands.  Accessories hard to find.  8mb limitation.
1	Simple to use, Great Clarity and Color Reproduction
1	Simple to utilise, Great Clarity and Color Reproduction
1	Very crisp text printing. Vibrant Color Usage. Photo Printing is exceptional.
1	Very laconic text printing. Vibrant Color Usage. Photo Printing is olympian.
1	Great resolutions, Self timer
1	expectant resolutions, Self timer
0	Expensive, quite wide for small spaces, canopies aren't adequate for blocking sun.
0	Expensive, quite panoptic for small spaces, canopies aren't adequate for jam sun.
1	walkie talkie service
1	walkie talkie avail
0	none noted.
0	none note.
1	Photo Quality , ease of use, features.
1	Photo Quality , relieve of use, features.
0	No USB support
0	No USB documentation
0	none
0	none
1	Excellent quality photos. Great value. Accepts Flash cards.
1	Excellent quality photos. Great value. Accepts tawdry cards.
0	slower processing
0	obtuse processing
1	Video Out, 1,152x864
1	telecasting Out, 1,152x864
0	Pictures are not accurate when taken from LCD mode  
0	Pictures are not accurate when taken from LCD manner  
0	Nokia does not stand by their warranty.  The phone broke in five months.
0	Nokia does not abide by their warranty.  The phone infract in five months.
1	Price,Quality &amp;amp; color
1	Price,Quality &amp;A; color
1	color display, easy to use menus
1	color display, easy to use carte
1	Great color, long lasting toner
1	Great colour, long lasting toner
1	Durable, good battery life, large screen size
1	Durable, good battery life, great screen size
1	Priced right   good service   nice print
1	Priced right   adept service   nice print
0	Antenna, Display could be a bit brighter and more visible, adding rigntone
0	Antenna, Display could be a chip vivid and more visible, adding rigntone
0	Slow autofocus (a little noisy too), a bit pricey, so-so battery life
0	Slow autofocus (a lilliputian noisy too), a bit pricey, tolerably battery life
0	Rebate program is a FRAUD!!!
0	Rebate program is a fraud!!!
1	adorable well padded seat, very large waterproof hood, rain bubble, padded bumper bar, good tires
1	adorable advantageously cushioned seat, very large waterproofed hood, rain bubble, padded bumper bar, good tires
0	No rechargeable battery, small LCD
0	No rechargeable battery, pocket-sized LCD
1	Integrated Palm OS, user interface, battery life
1	Integrated Palm O, user interface, battery life
0	Cheap feeling buttons. menu button awkward to use. Slow reaction time
0	Cheap feeling button. menu button sticky to use. Slow reaction time
1	small, thats about it though
1	minor, thats about it though
0	No voice dial, I really miss that . . .
0	No voice dial, I really lose that . . .
1	good picture, good interface, good price
1	thoroughly picture, good interface, good price
1	Long Lasting Battery, Fun to use!
1	hanker Lasting Battery, Fun to use!
0	None
0	none
1	Price, lightweight
1	Price, jackanapes
0	Internal memory is small (16), no case or neckstrap, wrist strap feels flimsy
0	Internal memory is small (xvi), no sheath or neckstrap, wrist strap feels flimsy
1	Easy to use.
1	light to use.
1	Quiet, Economical, Trouble free
1	silence, Economical, Trouble free
1	Small, long battery life, easy to use.
1	Small, long battery life, easy to habituate.
0	inconvenient crotch strap, difficult-to-lower seat-back
0	inconvenient genitals strap, difficult-to-lower seat-back
0	No type of covering over the numbers.
0	No type of enshroud over the numbers.
1	Really great colors and crisp pictures.
1	Really great colors and crisp pic.
1	Price, Graphic Quality, Battery Life, Interchangeable Storage Card, LCD Controls, Look and Feel
1	Price, Graphic character, Battery Life, Interchangeable Storage tease, LCD Controls, Look and Feel
1	all-in-one - printer, copier, gray-scale scanner
1	all-in-one - pressman, copier, gray-scale scanner
1	-MP3 Player
1	-MP3 instrumentalist
1	camera phone & it was free,
1	camera phone & it was discharge,
1	High resolution shots, multiple shooting modes, large review screen
1	High resolution shots, multiple buck modes, large review screen
0	maybe a bigger optical zoom...
0	maybe a magnanimous optical zoom...
1	Call Quality, Earpiece and Handfree volume, Picture Camera, Robust Contacts Application, Built-in Camera
1	telephone Quality, Earpiece and Handfree volume, ikon Camera, Robust Contacts Application, Built-in Camera
0	Please don't drop it!  It breaks easily.
0	Please don't drop it!  It reveal easily.
1	everything
1	everything
0	Very little phone-to-PC connectivity. Hard to find accessories. Small buttons.
0	Very fiddling phone-to-PC connectivity. Hard to find supplement. Small buttons.
1	Intended functionality.
1	designate functionality.
1	InfoLithium Batteries, Memory Stick Pro, Carl Zess Lens, 5.24 MP
1	InfoLithium Batteries, Memory reefer Pro, Carl Zess Lens, 5.twenty-four MP
0	top paper tray is not removable, no network capability
0	top paper tray is not obliterable, no network capability
0	May be more than some want to pay for a digital camera
0	May be more than some deficiency to bear for a digital camera
1	Great reception and lots of features, Battery lasts a long time. Easy to use.
1	Great reception and lots of features, Battery lasts a foresightful time. soft to use.
1	Easy to use, relatively inexpensive, nice first digital camera
1	Easy to use, relatively cheap, nice first digital camera
0	Docking Station pretty much required, Pricey extra purchase
0	Docking Station pretty practically required, Pricey extra purchase
1	Good color, fast output, easy to operate.
1	Good color, fast production, easy to operate.
1	Nationwide use.
1	nationally use.
0	if any, would be that ink goes fast
0	if any, would be that ink turn fast
1	Great quality, easy to use
1	peachy quality, easy to use
1	Price, quality of printing, quiet operation
1	Price, quality of printing, hushed operation
1	Equal to 35 mm. This is one of the BEST little cameras. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;A+ camera!!
1	Equal to 35 mm. This is ane of the serious little cameras. &amp;#13;&A;#10;A+ camera!!
1	pretty small, has games, durable.
1	pretty small, has punt, durable.
0	high price, poor software
0	gamey price, poor software
0	Menuing for card media printing is cumbersome.
0	Menuing for tease media printing is cumbersome.
1	the navy color of the frame
1	the navy semblance of the frame
0	No parallel port connection, slow "warm-up"
0	No parallel porthole connection, slow "warm-up"
1	PDA, Email and phone convergence
1	PDA, Email and phone convergency
1	superb print quality on photo paper, quiet, keen blue laser
1	superb print lineament on photo paper, quiet, keen downcast laser
1	A well built, reliable, professional tool.
1	A well built, reliable, professional pecker.
1	Great extras. Durable.
1	corking extras. Durable.
0	Short battery life; fussy USB.
0	Short battery life; grouchy USB.
0	Heavy, No Call History
0	labored, No Call History
0	Better than average use can make this quite costly!
0	Better than average use can throw this quite costly!
1	Easy to use,has expandable memory, good software
1	Easy to employ,has expandable memory, good software
0	Loud, Slow To Start Up
0	Loud, Slow To go Up
0	Does not include Parallel or USB cabling. Requires additional desk real estate.
0	Energy not include Parallel or USB cabling. want additional desk real estate.
0	T9En autocompletion mode for scheduler terrible. Speakerphone quality could be better but is adequate.
0	T9En autocompletion mode for scheduler terrible. Speakerphone prime could be salutary but is adequate.
0	none
0	none
1	Great combination unit!
1	groovy combination unit!
1	Price, ease of use
1	Price, ease of employ
0	Poor Speakerphone Quality, Somewhat More Complicated Phone, Music Files Can't Be Used As Phone Ringers.
0	Poor Speakerphone Quality, Somewhat More Complicated telephone, Music Files Can't live Used adenine Phone Ringers.
0	Monochrome display, weak backlighting,
0	Monochrome display, light backlighting,
0	Slower than the S750 when printing text. Text output isn't as crisp.
0	deadening than the S750 when printing text. Text output isn't as frizzy.
1	Easy to use, good reception, drop in charging, vibrate
1	Easy to use, estimable reception, drop in charging, vibrate
1	Bluetooth compatible, able to get ringtones easily, and small but tough.
1	Bluetooth compatible, able to nonplus ringtones easily, and low but tough.
0	no optical zoom &amp;amp; low battery life
0	no optical zoom &amp;amp; low battery biography
1	Excellent Quality, Low cost of Ownership, Fast, EASY
1	Excellent Quality, Low cost of Ownership, fasting, EASY
0	slow, on/off button, no optical zoom and only 2x digital zoom
0	retard, on/off button, no visual zoom and only 2x digital zoom
1	size, executive features, great reception ? world traveler.
1	size, executive features, bully reception ? world traveler.
1	Great pictures. Just great.
1	Great pictures. upright great.
1	Small and compact, can fit just about anywhere.
1	Small and compact, can outfit just about anywhere.
0	to numerous to write.-not enough room on this page.
0	to numerous to compose.-not enough room on this Page.
0	Drops calls consistantly...terrible reception...inadequate volume...
0	Drops calls consistantly...terrible reception...inadequate intensity...
1	Easy to open/close, 5-point harness
1	well-heeled to open/close, 5-point harness
1	Easy to install,excellent operation,great color photos
1	Easy to install,first-class operation,great color photos
1	good quality, fast, easy
1	good tone, fast, easy
1	Disk switch out
1	disc switch out
1	Lightweight for running,durable and great on trails.
1	Lightweight for running,durable and expectant on trails.
0	Verizon charges per Video/Photo sent, LCD Screen on outside vulnerable to damage.  Rather expensive.
0	Verizon lodge per Video/Photo station, LCD Screen on alfresco vulnerable to damage.  Rather expensive.
0	Heavy weight,power killer,no viewfinder
0	gravid weight,power killer,no viewfinder
1	No cables means no xmas lights impressions (cable tangling).
1	No cables means no xmas lighting impressions (cable tangling).
0	Volume horribly low, voicemail inefficient
0	Volume awfully low, voicemail inefficient
1	Fast printing, pretty nice photos
1	Fast printing, fairly nice photos
0	BIG, not user friendly
0	cock-a-hoop, not user friendly
0	Very poor reception,signal strength,and poor battery life. Runs hot after 10-15 mins.
0	Very poor reception,signal strength,and miserable battery life. hunt hot after 10-15 mins.
0	Only 2x zoom
0	just 2x zoom
0	Speakerphone, limited accessories
0	Speakerphone, limited accessory
0	Production looks rushed. Manual missing features! Quality control concerns. Few extras.
0	Production expression rushed. Manual missing features! Quality assure concerns. Few extras.
0	no ringtones, no way to change heading/logo
0	no ringtones, no way to commute heading/logo
0	Occasional error message on screen.  Problems with machine reading that the cartridge has been replaced.
0	Occasional error message on riddle.  Problems with motorcar reading that the cartridge has been supercede.
0	Somewhat expensive; big; slow?
0	Somewhat expensive; cock-a-hoop; slow?
0	Slow when it comes to printing bulk.
0	Slow when it fall to printing bulk.
1	Great optics and user interface
1	Great optics and user port
1	It prints beautiful 13 x 19 inch photos!
1	It prints beautiful xiii x 19 inch photos!
1	Easy to use, 3 1/2" Floppy compatibility.
1	Easy to use, 3 I/2" Floppy compatibility.
1	Small (if that's what you want), games, and looks good.
1	Small (if that's what you want), biz, and look good.
1	Great image quality &amp; ease of use.  Compact with many features.
1	Great image quality &amp; facilitate of use.  compress with many features.
1	cheap, easy to use
1	tatty, easy to use
1	colorful features, extra large font, alarm/w/timer and email feature.
1	colorful features, extra large font, dismay/west/timer and email feature.
0	Better-than-beginner photographers will need a better-than-this camera!
0	Better-than-beginner photographers will postulate a better-than-this camera!
0	battery drainer
0	bombardment drainer
0	none
0	none
1	Lightweight, easy to use, inexpensive and made just for beginners.
1	Lightweight, slowly to use, inexpensive and draw just for beginners.
1	low cost
1	low be
0	expensive memory
0	expensive store
1	Small and easy to use.
1	Small and easy to employ.
0	constantly runs out of battery power
0	constantly function out of battery power
0	Flimsy construction. Little overall compression strength.
0	Flimsy construction. Little overall condensation strength.
0	Expensive ($700)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Not as useful if you don't own a home PC&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Expensive ($700)&amp;#13;&amp;#x;not as useful if you don't own a abode PC&amp;#13;&ampere;#10;
0	no zoom
0	no whizz
0	doesn't scan pictures well
0	doesn't scan figure well
0	Have to buy extra memory to take a lot of pictures
0	Have to buy extra memory to remove a circumstances of pictures
0	Low-light operation a bit trickier, zoom could be better
0	Low-light operation a bit trickier, zoom could be honorable
1	Small design, Lots of options, overall good phone
1	Small plan, Lots of options, overall good phone
0	Cheap construction, awful battery life, poor connections
0	Cheap expression, awful battery life, poor connections
1	More feature rich than most, for a 2.0 mega pixel camera.
1	More feature fat than most, for a 2.nought mega pixel camera.
1	Great Picture Quality, easy to use. 
1	Great Picture tone, easy to use. 
1	Lots of features, price
1	Lots of features, terms
1	Metal case (durable), more than adequate resolution, long battery life, light weight
1	Metal pillowcase (undestroyable), more than adequate resolution, long battery life, light weight
0	For more convenience a larger card should be bought, the LCD screen drains the battery quickly
0	For more convenience a expectant card should be bought, the LCD shield drain the battery quickly
1	Quiet, Fast, Good Quality Printing. The HP Name
1	Quiet, Fast, Good prize Printing. The HP Name
0	Weak antenna.
0	light antenna.
0	Small buttons, slightly cheap feel, display and buttons hard to read without backlight
0	Small buttons, slightly cheap spirit, display and buttons hard to study without backlight
0	Bulky when you have an Extended Battery, only holds 60 pictures.
0	Bulky when you have an lead Battery, only holds 60 pic.
0	Poor battery life, bad service reception, garbled audio, poor backlight.
0	Poor battery lifespan, bad servicing reception, garbled audio, poor backlight.
0	Paper jam-ups and misalignments; can't print nonstandard(custom) sheet sizes; documents tobe scanned mustbe superflat onglasstop
0	Paper jam-ups and misalignments; can't print nonstandard(custom-made) rag sizes; documents tobe skim mustbe superflat onglasstop
1	it has a flash
1	it has a cheap
0	Very hard to handle... only 2 reclines
0	Very hard to address... only 2 reclines
1	Compact size, low price, image quality, excellent metering.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	summary size, humbled price, image quality, excellent metering.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Great quality, exceptional speed, quiet
1	Great calibre, exceptional speed, quiet
0	everything
0	everything
0	at this price/size?  You're kidding!
0	at this price/size?  You're chaff!
1	Slim and looks cool
1	Slim and bet cool
1	-Thin, light body- very stylish
1	-Thin, ignitor body- very stylish
0	iternal antenae is not very good
0	iternal antenae is not very practiced
1	Lot of features.  Great indoor/outdoor quality.
1	Lot of characteristic.  Great indoor/outdoor quality.
1	Love the price I got it at! - FREE! :)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
1	Love the price I father it at! - justify! :)&amp;#13;&amp;#decade;Handy as heck for snapshots.
1	wonderful pictures, great battery life, easy to use
1	wonderful pictures, great battery life, loose to use
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	Can Streak/ Fair Quality Print
0	butt Streak/ Fair Quality Print
0	can't hear callers after only 7 months!, poor battery life, sluggish
0	can't hear callers after only 7 months!, misfortunate battery aliveness, sluggish
0	Jerky control stick, slow connections to T-zones, functions not working.
0	Jerky control stick, slow connections to T-zones, map not go.
1	what a cool stuff
1	what a cool squeeze
1	Color menus, stylish style, size
1	Color menus, stylish dash, size
1	Good small camera, great for people who dont take a lot of pictures. 
1	Good small camera, great for people who dont demand a dispense of pictures. 
0	Auto focus slow. 16 meg card too small., Software is buggie
0	Auto focus tiresome. 16 meg notice too small., Software is buggie
0	disk compacity, photo lag time.
0	saucer compacity, photo lag time.
1	Electronics are very good.
1	Electronics are very honorable.
1	96 images, file/image size, swivel lens, price &amp;amp; ease of use
1	96 images, file/image size, swivel lens, price &amp;amp; informality of employment
0	pictures can be grainy and dark, need to download photos often
0	see can be grainy and dark, need to download photos frequently
0	No Zoom, Bad picture quality, not good for taking pictures of memories
0	No Zoom, high-risk picture quality, not good for taking pictures of memory
1	price and 8 megs of memory
1	damage and 8 megs of memory
0	firmware bugs, clarity of sound, lack of standard rings
0	firmware bugs, clarity of good, lack of standard rings
1	everything and then some
1	everything and then some
1	Nice black finish, looks cool, 2MP camera and flash
1	Nice black finish, looks cool, 2MP camera and wink
0	poor quality pictures, no removable storage
0	poor quality see, no removable storage
1	Easy start, quick to set up for picture taking.
1	Easy start, quick to set up for picture train.
0	I'm a network administrator and even I found the phones menus to be confusing.
0	I'm a network administrator and even I receive the phones menus to be jumble.
1	Ease of use and great pictures
1	Ease of use and expectant pictures
0	New camera is at repairshop. Technical support hard to find.  Icons difficult.
0	New camera is at repairshop. Technical patronise laborious to find.  Icons difficult.
1	good photos, ease of usage
1	unspoilt photos, ease of usage
0	Not a good choice to do pictures or color.
0	Not a good choice to do film or color.
0	Stuck on ISO 100! Can't take pictures indoors without flash or tripod
0	beat on ISO 100! Can't occupy pictures indoors without flash or tripod
1	Extremely high quality photos, fast text, true color, cheap ink. 
1	Extremely high caliber photos, profligate text, true color, cheap ink. 
1	Fast, Reliable, Cost, and Print Quality!
1	degenerate, Reliable, Cost, and Print Quality!
1	Cheap
1	tawdry
0	As a 25 year 35mm user, I've found none.  Absolutely delighted with the G3.
0	as a twenty-five year 35mm user, I've found none.  Absolutely delighted with the G3.
1	Good quality, fast, quiet, reliable
1	sound quality, fast, quiet, reliable
1	great pictures and LCD panel
1	great see and LCD panel
0	long lag time, difficult macro option
0	long lag time, difficult macro choice
0	patience required on high quality photo printing
0	patience required on luxuriously quality photo printing
0	No hard copy of the instruction manual included with camera.
0	No heavy copy of the statement manual included with camera.
0	flash, halfway point on shutter button, doesn't take picture right away, have to take battery out, included adobe photodeluxe crashed my computer
0	newsbreak, halfway point on shutter button, doesn't study figure ripe away, have to take battery out, included adobe photodeluxe crashed my computer
1	Floppy Disc Interface, MPEG Capabilities, 6X Zoom
1	Floppy saucer Interface, MPEG Capabilities, 6X Zoom
0	There is no flash on the camera
0	There is no tatty on the camera
0	See above :)
0	look above :)
0	Need to buy extra paper tray to hold an entire ream
0	Need to buy additional paper tray to apply an entire ream
0	Doesn't scan 4X6 color prints very well.
0	Doesn't scan 4X6 distort prints very well.
0	No sound for movie feature.
0	No go for movie feature.
1	Small size, features.
1	Small size, characteristic.
0	Could have better quality.
0	Could have punter quality.
0	slightly heavier than expected. Instruction manual is long winded.
0	slightly heavier than expected. Instruction manual is long hoist.
1	Superb image quality, good focusing system, versatile manual controls, small size, quality construction.
1	Superb image quality, full focalisation system, versatile manual controls, small size, quality construction.
1	Sleek, conveniently combines several devices into one, compact
1	Sleek, conveniently combines several devices into i, compact
0	Not true photo quality
0	Not on-key photo quality
1	Sexy look.  Great Menus.  Indiglo light is the best!  Small size.
1	Sexy look.  Great Menus.  Indiglo easy is the sound!  Small size.
0	For complete ease of use you may want the optional SmartDisk memory adapter.
0	For ended ease of use you may want the optional SmartDisk retentiveness adapter.
0	Sometimes too small, options can take a while to learn
0	Sometimes too small, options can train a while to discover
0	image size and quality
0	image size and timbre
0	Only 2X zoom
0	alone 2X zoom
1	Easy set up, Decent Print Quality, Cheap to purchase
1	well-to-do set up, Decent Print Quality, Cheap to purchase
1	Great looking pictures. 
1	Great looking depict. 
0	Expensive, no bluetooth, paint on the casing not that durable.
0	Expensive, no bluetooth, paint on the incase not that long-wearing.
1	Durability, photo quality, and ease of use.
1	Durability, photo quality, and repose of use.
1	Those with low self esteem might feel popular from attention this phone gets.
1	Those with Low self esteem might feel popular from attention this phone baffle.
0	Could use a slightly faster lens (f 2.0), but not  absolutely necessary.
0	Could utilise a slightly faster lens (f 2.0), but not  dead necessary.
1	Small size, light weight, bluetooth, WAP, POP3, GPRS, and on and on and on...
1	low size, light-colored weight, bluetooth, WAP, POP3, GPRS, and on and on and on...
0	Battery Life Low, Buttons Small
0	Battery Life moo, Buttons Small
1	nice imaging capabilities
1	nice imaging capacity
0	None so far!
0	None so Interahamwe!
1	Print speed and quality, excellent
1	Print speed and caliber, excellent
1	Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
1	Easy to read display, tons of interesting features,
0	Inks are pricey
0	Inks are high-priced
0	Lens - only average quality
0	Lens - only average prime
1	Quality shots/2 compactflash slots
1	Quality crack/2 compactflash slots
0	Battery Time, Phone Heats Up, Reception in certain areas
0	Battery Time, Phone Heats Up, Reception in sealed areas
1	cheap
1	punk
1	Great low price, lightweight, and all the programming included
1	Great low price, whippersnapper, and all the programming included
1	Takes good photos of rats.
1	Takes good photos of bum.
0	Initial Price, Potential Ink Waster
0	Initial Price, Potential ink Waster
1	Perfect images, Simple to use.
1	Perfect images, Simple to utilise.
0	Confusing menus, a bit on the bigger side, but still pocket friendly
0	Confusing menus, a bit on the bragging side, but inactive pocket friendly
1	Good macro photos
1	effective macro photos
1	Price, HP, Photo
1	Price, horsepower, Photo
1	Cheap, space saving, good quality prints.
1	gimcrack, space saving, good quality prints.
1	Great photo prints
1	groovy photo prints
0	None so far.
0	none so far.
0	Not the best choice for a business person.
0	Not the Best choice for a business person.
0	Images are occasionally of questionable quality
0	trope are occasionally of questionable quality
0	Big, slow, expensive
0	bighearted, slow, expensive
0	Verizon and Lg intentionally weakened features of the phone
0	Verizon and Lg deliberately weakened features of the phone
0	somewhat simple
0	somewhat uncomplicated
1	good quility
1	serious quility
0	Loud sound when paper is entering printer, cheap plastic sound when closing scanner.
0	loud sound when paper is entering printer, trashy plastic sound when closing scanner.
0	Low Talk Time, Poor Battery Life, Poor Voice Quality
0	small Talk Time, Poor Battery Life, Poor Voice Quality
0	Pricey but you can find great deals on the internet
0	high-priced but you can find great apportion on the internet
0	Doesn't feel as sturdy as some flip phones
0	Doesn't feel as sturdy as some somersaulting phones
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	User settings; menu items; carry signal; lack of email
1	sturdy construction
1	stalwart construction
1	good quality, easy to maintain, reliable
1	serious quality, easy to maintain, reliable
1	very affordable
1	very low-priced
0	Cannot use flash when recording videos.
0	Cannot role flash when recording videos.
1	Slim, various features
1	Slim, various have
1	fast
1	quick
1	Price.
1	toll.
0	Flimsy antenna which has already broken on mine!
0	Flimsy antenna which has already reveal on mine!
1	High resolution, right size, good preview, powerful zoom
1	High resolution, right size, honest preview, powerful zoom
0	Reception, speaker volume, battery life
0	Reception, speaker volume, bombardment life
1	Reliable, high quality print results.
1	Reliable, high-pitched quality print results.
0	infant part needs more padding
0	infant part needs more slog
0	numbers cant be dialed with even small fingers  verizon is a scam Insurance  scam
0	number bevel be dialed with even small fingers  verizon is a scam Insurance  scam
1	Non functional and cheap
1	Non functional and sleazy
0	Still a weak flash and somewhat poor/decent battery life.
0	Still a weak flash and somewhat poor/decent shelling liveliness.
1	Lets me do what ever I want to it.
1	permit me do what ever I want to it.
0	Battery life is short, and picture reaction is a little slow.
0	Battery life is short, and flick reaction is a little behind.
0	Drops service a lot
0	shed service a lot
0	None
0	none
0	Broke after 2 months , and froze up quite a lot.
0	skint after 2 months , and froze up quite a band.
1	Most bang for your buck, AF assit lamp, excellent images, ease of use.
1	Most bang for your buck, AF assit lamp, fantabulous images, ease of habituate.
0	Wireless Web function is very hard to use.  No built in headset jack.
0	Wireless Web function is very tough to use.  No built in headset diddly-squat.
0	lack of manual settings, no direct USB hookup
0	lack of manual settings, no calculate USB hookup
1	fabulous size and control layout, nice features, easy
1	fabulous size and control layout, nice sport, easy
0	Dim LCD Screen. Lousy Lens cap. Hard to get a good grip.
0	dimmed LCD Screen. Lousy Lens cap. Hard to beat a good grip.
1	excellent clear sound
1	excellent clear phone
1	Great phone, Speakerphone is very handy
1	cracking phone, Speakerphone is very handy
1	Fast, small, detailed images
1	Fast, small, detailed image
0	Cost, Performance, and Quality
0	Cost, Performance, and prize
1	SLR style form factor, flash hotshoe, 10x zoom, picture quality
1	SLR style chassis factor, tatty hotshoe, 10x zoom, picture quality
0	Print quality leaves much to be desired. 
0	publish quality leaves much to be desired. 
0	Toner is expensive.
0	toner is expensive.
0	There are still advances to be made, but this is the best
0	There are still rise to be made, but this is the salutary
1	Ink cartridge life
1	Ink cartridge lifetime
0	None
0	none
1	Quality photos, USB connection
1	Quality picture, USB connection
0	medium quality image prior to enhancement
0	medium choice image prior to enhancement
0	Have to use special paper to achieve 1440 x 720 dpi
0	have to use special paper to achieve 1440 ecstasy 720 dpi
1	Ease of use, even a novice like me can get great pix. 
1	Ease of use, even a novice like me can beget keen pix. 
0	none
0	none
1	cheap, good quality, fast.
1	cheap, good select, fast.
0	Not durable, two failed in a year.
0	Not durable, II failed in a year.
1	Good pictures, easy to use
1	Good render, easy to use
0	slow printing time
0	dense printing time
0	horrible installation
0	ugly installation
0	Motion shots aren't as good. Batteries go w/o notice. Lens cap.
0	Motion shots aren't as practiced. Batteries expire w/o notice. Lens cap.
1	Size and display
1	Size and expose
0	None.
0	none.
0	Does &lt;b&gt;NOT&lt;/b&gt; fully recline.
0	Does &lt;barn&gt;NOT&lt;/b&gt; full recline.
0	no external caller id. charger cover easily lost.
0	no external caller id. charger traverse easily lost.
0	nothing
0	zilch
1	Light weight with the comfort of the full-size stroller
1	Light weight with the comforter of the full-size stroller
1	Holds up to ALOT!
1	clench up to ALOT!
1	Ability to laugh derisively at people who have 3650's and think they're "really neat"
1	Ability to laugh derisively at people who have 3650's and cogitate they're "genuinely neat"
1	cheap, good resolution
1	cheap, goodness resolution
1	Lightweight, good/great image quality, webcam capability, USB interface
1	Lightweight, good/great image prime, webcam capability, USB interface
0	poor reception, lock-ups, poor battery life
0	pitiable reception, lock-ups, poor battery life
1	Fun, functional and durable.  Doesn't feel like it'll break in your hand.
1	Fun, functional and long-lasting.  Doesn't feel like it'll fail in your hand.
0	Could use a faster chip, or shorter pauses between actions.  GSM towers still being built.
0	Could use a faster chip, or myopic pauses between actions.  GSM towers calm being build.
1	easy to use great quality photos
1	easy to use great character photos
0	Slow, Hard to find color ink in brick &amp; mortar
0	deadening, Hard to find color ink in brick &A; mortar
1	Good price, easy to use, storage on floppy disks
1	Good price, light to use, storage on floppy disks
0	some functions are not as well thought out as they should be
0	some serve are not as well mentation out as they should be
1	price, print quality
1	price, print prime
0	a little on the heavy side, battery life can be a little low, reception
0	a little on the heavy slope, battery life can be a piffling low, reception
1	Compact, easy to use,easy to upload pictures to the PC
1	Compact, easy to role,easy to upload render to the PC
0	ink runs out very quickly and printer is LOUD!!!!!!!!!!
0	ink runs out very quickly and printer is loud!!!!!!!!!!
0	Toner and drum units seem expensive. Found toner at Sam's for $89.00 though. Quite noisy.
0	toner and barrel units seem expensive. recover toner at Sam's for $89.00 though. Quite noisy.
0	Outdated
0	out-of-date
1	Aol instant messenger, web access, speaker phone
1	Aol instant messenger, web admission, speaker phone
0	no lens cover, no video out, no optical zoom, fragile battery and CF doors.
0	no lens cover, no TV out, no optical soar, fragile battery and CF doors.
0	Battery life
0	battery life
0	No video output, combined media card/battery compartment, menu driven operation  &amp;#13;&amp;#10; 
0	No video turnout, combined media card/battery compartment, menu impelled functioning  &amp;#13;&amp;#10; 
0	Overall text quality was below standard.
0	Overall text choice was below standard.
1	Camera Phone, Flip Cell phone
1	Camera headphone, Flip Cell phone
0	Antenna sticks out too far, battery life
0	aerial sticks out too far, battery life
1	No Attenna, Small/Lightweight, Good Signal Reception, Fits Anywhere!
1	No Attenna, Small/Lightweight, Good betoken Reception, Fits Anywhere!
1	Great software, powerful functions.
1	Great software, mightily functions.
0	flimsy, short handles
0	flimsy, short handgrip
0	Battery life could be better.
0	Battery life could be serious.
1	Great daytime pictures, very easy to use
1	Great daytime flick, very easy to use
1	Easy to program, prepaid option
1	Easy to platform, prepaid option
1	Cheap to buy
1	crummy to buy
1	Good if you are rich
1	right if you are rich
1	Everything!  The quality is amazing!
1	Everything!  The quality is awful!
1	Great Picture Quality, 3.2 MegaPixels, Real small.  Fits anywhere.
1	gravid Picture Quality, 3.2 MegaPixels, Real small.  convulsion anywhere.
1	Lots of features
1	mountain of features
1	Low Price, Professional-Looking Documents
1	gloomy Price, Professional-Looking Documents
1	Analog/Digital Cell Phone with Camera, the Web and Games!
1	Analog/Digital cellphone Phone with Camera, the entanglement and Games!
0	It has been discontinued and they are hard to come by.
0	It has been discontinued and they are heavy to total by.
0	Menu does provide relatively difficult learning cost in comparison with similar models. Cost.
0	card does provide relatively difficult learning cost in comparison with similar exemplar. Cost.
0	No faceplate, even trimode doesn't work in some areas
0	No faceplate, even trimode doesn't work in some arena
1	Dual band, very small, lots of third-party accessories
1	Dual band, very small, lashings of third-party accessories
0	some phase contrast problems
0	some form contrast problems
0	Really uses up batteries fast, power adapter is kinda expensive
0	Really USA up batteries fast, king adapter is kinda expensive
0	BIG. BIG Big. Huge vibrating battery. Poor audio. Poor microphone.
0	adult. BIG Big. immense vibrating battery. Poor audio. Poor microphone.
0	No in call timer, profile selection, indoor noise.
0	No in name timer, profile selection, indoor noise.
1	quick, easy, small
1	quick, easy, minor
0	Somewhat slow, grabs multiple sheets of paper
0	jolly slow, grabs multiple sheets of paper
0	8mb card is too small; LCD drains batteries quickly
0	8mb card is too minuscule; LCD drains batteries quickly
0	Customer Service does not have a Toll Free #
0	Customer Service does not have a Toll absolve #
0	Nothing!!! Maybe the fact that there are no built-in games??
0	Nothing!!! Maybe the fact that there are no inherent stake??
1	It looks cool?
1	It calculate cool?
1	Takes pictures in all types of lighting 
1	demand pictures in all types of lighting 
1	Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
1	expert digital signal reception; decent sound.
0	None really, Ink seems expensive but so does toner
0	None genuinely, Ink seems expensive but so does toner
1	Many features for amateurs, good resolution, bright LCD, macro lens, swivel body.  Very nice pictures.
1	Many features for amateurs, good resolution, bright LCD, macro lens, swivel personify.  Very gracious envision.
0	&amp;#149; May wreak havoc on your system if you own a PDA.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#149; Communication problems.
0	&amp;#149; May wreak havoc on your system if you own a PDA.&amp;#thirteen;&A;#tenner;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&AMP;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&AMP;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#xiii;&ampere;#tenner;&amp;#13;&AMP;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&ampere;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&ampere;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#decade;&amp;#13;&ampere;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#X;&amp;#13;&amp;#x;&amp;#149; Communication job.
0	none
0	none
1	Color screen, small size, phone book
1	Color test, small size, phone book
0	Price of Ink
0	terms of Ink
1	Compact and solid design&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Impressive image contrast
1	Compact and self-coloured intent&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Impressive image contrast
0	battery eater, hooky program
0	battery eater, hooky plan
0	low battery power with backlight on.
0	low battery king with backlight on.
0	Bare-bones Mac driver; PostScript not available
0	Bare-bones Mac driver; supplement not available
1	Photo Quality Prints, Duplex Printing, Clear Text Printing
1	Photo Quality Prints, Duplex Printing, Clear Text impress
1	true USB connection
1	unfeigned USB connection
1	Great print quality, diverse paper tray, fast printer, HP warranty and quality, low consumables cost
1	big print character, diverse report tray, fast printer, HP warranty and quality, low consumables cost
1	I got to spend more time with my parents when  it made me poor
1	I dumbfound to spend more time with my parents when  it made me misfortunate
1	Compact,nice color display, durable.
1	Compact,nice distort display, durable.
0	Bigger than the S100 Powershot Elph
0	bigger than the S100 Powershot Elph
0	Very short battery life, built-in flash is dangerously bright.
0	Very short battery life, built-in tacky is dangerously bright.
1	5MP, F/1.8 lens, controllable flash, AA batts, 3 type of memory cards, 64 ISO.
1	5MP, F/1.8 lens, controllable ostentation, AA batts, three type of memory add-in, 64 ISO.
1	small, good keys, can be dropped from at least three feet and not break
1	small, good identify, can be dropped from at least three feet and not fail
0	Sloooow interface.
0	Sloooow port.
1	When it printed, that is when it did, graphics were just the greatest.  
1	When it print, that is when it did, graphics were just the swell.  
0	Pricey, no analog ability
0	Pricey, no parallel ability
1	Easy to use. Great pictures. Instructions easy to follow.
1	Easy to use. Great pictures. Instructions easily to follow.
1	Great background noise cancellation feature, solid build, comeback of normal ringers
1	nifty background noise cancellation feature, solid physique, comeback of normal ringers
1	Quality, paper handling, speed.
1	Quality, paper handling, hurrying.
0	No cable, print quality.
0	No cable, impress quality.
1	Easy to use, nice crisp shots, good color, lots of advanced features.
1	Easy to use, squeamish crisp shots, full color, lots of advanced features.
1	Easily viewable, oversized screen, Cool Factor, Nokia's wonderful menu system,
1	Easily viewable, oversized screen, Cool Factor, Nokia's rattling menu organisation,
1	The Canon Power Shot is the best camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;you can buy.
1	The Canon Power hit is the best camera&AMP;#13;&amp;#10;you can bribe.
0	Larger than expected
0	prominent than expected
1	High-quality images, easy to use
1	High-quality images, easy to habituate
0	Lens Design Flaw is REAL!!
0	Lens Design Flaw is literal!!
1	USB port, great for beginner, easy to use, great price, quality pictures.
1	USB port, great for beginner, well-heeled to use, great damage, quality pictures.
0	Chintzy Optical Viewfinder, Build Quality, Poor Ergonomics
0	Chintzy Optical Viewfinder, Build lineament, Poor Ergonomics
0	No USB port, lightweight construction
0	No USB port, lightweight structure
1	Integrated palm pilot
1	Integrated palm fly
1	Excellent brand--printing always comes out legible.
1	Excellent brand--printing always total out legible.
1	Inexpensive for the novice
1	inexpensive for the novice
1	Outstanding color photos, impressively fast print, excellent technical support.
1	Outstanding emblazon photos, impressively fast print, excellent technical support.
0	Battery life, picture construction.
0	Battery sprightliness, picture construction.
0	sometimes tends to overexpose, price
0	sometimes tend to overexpose, price
1	speed, price
1	zip, price
1	Size, weight, cool look, feels durable, great sound
1	Size, weight, cool look, feels long-lived, great sound
1	Compact; secured antenna; exterior display; features and setup options galore; very good reception/no dropped calls
1	Compact; secured antenna; exterior presentation; features and setup options galore; very soundly reception/no neglect calls
0	Annoying ring tones, which are often too loud. Can not feel vibrating in pocket.
0	Annoying ring tones, which are often too loud. tin not spirit vibrating in pocket.
0	Price
0	toll
0	Memory
0	memory
0	Scratches easily, sony mem sticks are expensive, LCD useless in bright sunlight
0	Scratches easily, sony mem baffle are expensive, LCD useless in brightly sunlight
1	3-in-one, digital camera, video camera, and PC camera! 
1	3-in-one, digital camera, telecasting camera, and PC camera! 
1	simple and cheap
1	simple and garish
1	Size, features, reception, style
1	Size, features, receipt, style
0	Fixed antenna, GSM only
0	fix antenna, GSM only
1	better than nothing at all
1	break than nothing at all
0	A little hard to get up curbs.
0	A little punishing to get up curbs.
1	Small size, mostly clear
1	Small size, mostly authorise
1	Carl Zeiss Lens, Hologram AE, Accessories
1	Carl Zeiss lense, Hologram AE, Accessories
0	Menu system can get confusing, phone has to be on for PDA, camera to work.
0	Menu system can acquire blur, phone has to be on for PDA, camera to make.
0	Still haven't found any
0	Still haven't base any
1	Great print quality, full featured, reliable, easy to use
1	nifty print quality, full featured, reliable, easy to use
0	Slow, thirsty, noisy, unreliable.
0	Slow, hungry, noisy, unreliable.
1	Design, short video, multi-feature flash, USB port
1	Design, short video, multi-feature flashbulb, USB port
1	Very small, easy to use, great picture quality, fun little toy&amp;#9;
1	Very small, easy to use, cracking picture quality, fun little toy&amp;#ix;
1	Easy to use, easy options, helpful guides
1	Easy to use, soft options, helpful guides
1	Solid, good reception
1	Solid, honest reception
0	Poorly designed lens cover, no manual settings
0	Poorly designed lens breed, no manual settings
0	No timed profiles, extremely poor voicetag implementation, battery life, lack of UMTS 1900 (US).
0	No clock profiles, extremely poor voicetag implementation, barrage life, lack of UMTS 1900 (US).
1	Great style.Spacious keyboard. Beautiful screen.Hands-free phone without the use of a headset is good.
1	outstanding dash.Spacious keyboard. Beautiful concealment.Hands-free phone without the use of a headset is good.
0	Ink hog, pay $30 for 10-15 pages printed. Cannot stay idle.
0	Ink hog, bear $30 for 10-15 pages printed. Cannot quell idle.
1	A camera to carry with you at all times.
1	A camera to carry with you at all sentence.
0	View finder obstruction... slow focus
0	View finder obstruction... boring focus
1	Great results, inks last long!
1	heavy results, inks last long!
1	excelent sound quality, stylish, compact, lots of features, flip phone
1	excelent vocalize quality, stylish, compact, stacks of features, flip phone
1	Small, very fashionable phone
1	humble, very fashionable phone
1	Six Megapixel Professional Digital SLR
1	Six Megapixel master Digital SLR
1	Good software and technical assistance
1	ripe software and technical assistance
1	Bells and whistles galore, easy to use, quality product, convenient
1	Bells and whistles galore, easy to practice, calibre product, convenient
0	Sometime Prints Sideways
0	Sometime impress Sideways
1	Great Text &amp;amp; Graphics; Great ink usage.
1	Great Text &amp;amp; Graphics; large ink usage.
1	It's one device that has a lot of functionality and a good battery life
1	It's unitary device that has a caboodle of functionality and a good battery life
0	Drops calls.  Reception is horrible.  Must pay to do ANYTHING on this phone and service.
0	Drops phone.  reception is ugly.  Must pay to do ANYTHING on this phone and service.
1	You can't kill it
1	You can't killing it
1	Fast, color, prints an array  of things
1	Fast, color, impress an array  of things
1	great value, decent quality
1	corking value, decent quality
1	Price and quality
1	Price and tone
1	I have a phone when I need one; does its job
1	I have a phone when I want one; does its business
1	Floppy Storage,Quick Editing,Easy to use
1	Floppy Storage,Quick Editing,Easy to function
0	Can't easily find accessories for it...
0	Can't easily receive accessories for it...
0	Antenna sticks out a bit when on your belt.
0	Antenna cling out a bit when on your belt.
1	Styling, user interface, battery life, infra-red communication, integrated speaker.
1	Styling, user interface, battery life, infra-red communication, incorporated speaker.
1	Great pics, user-friendly
1	swell pics, user-friendly
0	none known
0	none eff
0	unusable picture quality, poor battery life, useless speaker phone, quirky features that you can't disable
0	unusable picture quality, piteous battery living, useless speaker phone, quirky feature that you can't disable
0	None for me
0	none for me
0	None that I know
0	None that iodine know
0	None
0	none
0	Maybe to small and thin for some.
0	Maybe to modest and thin for some.
1	Under a hundred bucks, 1200 dpi
1	Under a C bucks, 1200 dpi
0	Cartridges do not last long when printing photos
0	Cartridges do not go long when printing photos
0	Comes with only a black ink cartridge. , Stopped feeding paper after 6 months., 
0	Comes with only a black ink cartridge. , terminate feeding paper after sixer months., 
1	Large screen, clear reception
1	Large screen, clear-cut reception
0	No desktop charger to charge a spare battery. Phone must be off to charge.
0	No desktop charger to rouse a spare battery. Phone must be off to buck.
0	Too much time between pictures, not enough buttons
0	Too much time between photograph, not enough buttons
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Color screen, Features, voice dialing, Polyphonic ring tones.
1	Color screen, Features, voice dialing, Polyphonic ring modulate.
0	not web enabled
0	not net enabled
1	Compact, light, simple, 3x optical zoom, USB cable
1	Compact, short, simple, 3x optical zoom, USB cable
0	Paper handling startup noise
0	Paper handling startup resound
1	Great picture quality, Multiple photographic style/size/quality features.  Manual features east to use.
1	Great fancy quality, Multiple photographic style/size/quality features.  Manual features east to utilize.
1	Display, sound quality
1	Display, reasoned quality
0	price, size of basket
0	toll, size of basket
1	Value and features
1	respect and features
1	easy install
1	well-to-do install
0	no optical lens
0	no visual lens
1	Costco's add ons (extra batterie and leather case); UNCONDITIONAL MONEY BACK GUARANTEE WITHOUT TIME CONSTRAINT
1	Costco's add ons (redundant batterie and leather case); unconditional MONEY BACK undertake WITHOUT TIME CONSTRAINT
1	Easy use, pretty good resolution and zoom, movie mode
1	Easy use, pretty thoroughly resolution and zoom, movie mode
1	Sleekness, Color Screen, Camera, Internet Enabled, Bluetooth Technology
1	Sleekness, colorize Screen, Camera, Internet Enabled, Bluetooth Technology
1	Looks cute, low weight.
1	Looks cute, low-pitched weight.
1	supposedly a very good printer
1	supposedly a very secure printer
1	small, durable phone has volume control and fits in my purse!
1	small, durable phone has volume ensure and meet in my purse!
0	size, dark indoor distance shots
0	size, iniquity indoor distance shots
1	Functionality, durable, low cost, easy to use
1	Functionality, durable, first cost, easy to use
1	Tons of features, camera, radio, well-designed menu system
1	wads of features, camera, radio, well-designed menu system
1	Compact, neat new swiveling lens design, cheap, excellent metering , 
1	Compact, neat new swiveling lens design, cheesy, excellent metering , 
1	Convenient, easy to operate, easy to maintain.
1	Convenient, easy to operate, easy to sustain.
0	slow speed on printing papers
0	slow race on printing papers
0	Not web enabled
0	Not vane enabled
1	High-quality movies, long battery life, easy-to-use MP3 controls
1	High-quality movies, long battery lifespan, easy-to-use MP3 controls
1	Feature rich, ease of use, length of battery
1	Feature rich, alleviate of use, length of battery
0	No longer produced
0	No farsighted produced
1	Very thin, looks good, works good, awesome features
1	Very thin, looks ripe, works good, awesome features
0	repairs take months, no usb connectivity, inaccuracy of colors,  cheap plastic frame
0	repairs need months, no usb connectivity, inaccuracy of colors,  cheap plastic couch
0	Expensive, bulky and heavy, need some time for turn and shooting, need buffer
0	Expensive, bulky and toilsome, need some time for turn and bourgeon, need buffer
1	Reliable, inexpensive laser printer
1	honest, inexpensive laser printer
1	Sharp optics.  Easy to use.
1	Sharp optics.  Easy to usage.
1	clear sharp images
1	exonerated sharp images
0	Support stinks.
0	backup stinks.
0	Not enough features for amount of money spent
0	Not decent features for amount of money spent
0	slightly bulky
0	somewhat bulky
0	Proprietary battery and storage; Lens cap is not very user-friendly
0	Proprietary battery and storage; lense jacket is not very user-friendly
0	A few trivial problems
0	A few niggling problems
1	Very sleek with awesome features.  Backlit screen is nice.
1	Very streamlined with awesome features.  Backlit screen is nice.
0	limited memory
0	fix memory
0	Software bugs and space eater
0	Software bugs and quad eater
1	Very small & light, easy to read keys, excellent reception, speakerphone
1	Very pocket-size & light, wanton to read keys, excellent reception, speakerphone
0	Awful durability.
0	atrocious durability.
0	none
0	none
1	Price, ease of use, software
1	Price, ease of function, software
1	USB and Parallel, excellent resolution, fast bw and color print, price
1	USB and parallel, excellent resolution, fast bw and gloss print, price
1	Small size, attractive design, lightweight
1	Small size, attractive designing, lightweight
0	Optical zoom is limited to 3X.
0	Optical whizz is limited to 3X.
0	Vibrating battery must be purchased seperately
0	Vibrating battery must be purchase seperately
0	price, need to service
0	Price, need to service
0	Print quality of graphics not the brightest
0	Print quality of graphic not the brightest
0	Large, heavy, expensive
0	Large, gruelling, expensive
0	The CompactFlash card is too small!
0	The CompactFlash wag is too small!
0	battery killer!!!!!
0	battery grampus!!!!!
1	great images, speed, easy faxing
1	great fancy, speed, easy faxing
0	Using the phone while plugged into the wall won't stop battery drain and eventual shutdown.
0	Using the call while plugged into the fence won't occlusive battery drain and eventual shutdown.
1	Effortlessly transfer photos to your PC using a cable
1	Effortlessly transfer photos to your PC utilize a cable
0	avg speed
0	avg amphetamine
1	Small, excellent photo quality, intuitive controls
1	Small, splendid photo quality, intuitive controls
0	Noisy, slow, irritating
0	Noisy, slow, plaguey
1	Battery and charger included, good image quality even on lowest setting 
1	Battery and charger included, unspoilt image quality even on lowest pose 
0	uselessly slow for text messages,
0	uselessly sluggish for text messages,
1	Inexpensive, Easy to Use, Plenty of Basic Functions
1	Inexpensive, Easy to apply, Plenty of Basic Functions
0	baby pushing up can cause it to topple backwards
0	baby promote up can cause it to topple backwards
0	difficult on screen navigation, limited optical zoom
0	difficult on screen navigation, fix optical zoom
0	DONT BUY THIS PHONE IF YOU THINK YOU MIGHT LOSE IT.
0	DONT bargain THIS PHONE IF YOU THINK YOU MIGHT lose IT.
1	Good picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;large LCD display
1	serious picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;size&amp;#13;&ampere;#10;enceinte LCD display
0	Have to buy better cartrige
0	stimulate to buy better cartrige
0	It has few options like zoom.
0	It has few options similar zoom.
1	Great Pictures
1	swell Pictures
0	pic quality and eats batteries
0	pic quality and consume batteries
0	reception, games, voice mail and text messaging hard to figure out.
0	reception, games, representative mail and text messaging grueling to figure out.
0	camera takes a long time to shoot, takes a long time to delete photos individually
0	camera exact a long time to shoot, convey a long time to delete photograph individually
0	Can only load one piece at a time in manual loader
0	Can only load nonpareil piece at a time in manual dockhand
0	Ink use
0	Ink utilisation
0	Feels fragile, massive red eye problems.
0	Feels frail, massive red eye problems.
1	Quiet, cheap, small, easy to find ink.
1	tranquillity, cheap, small, easy to find ink.
0	Sucks the life out of batteries
0	wet-nurse the life out of batteries
1	Price, picture quality, ease of use
1	Price, picture quality, informality of use
1	Form factor's stunning. Long lasting battery. Voice commands super. Bluetooth gives it a boost.
1	Form factor's stunning. foresightful lasting battery. Voice commands super. Bluetooth sacrifice it a boost.
0	No time display while connected.
0	No clip display while connected.
1	Excellent quality pictures
1	Excellent quality flick
1	Good battery life, loud ringtones and vibrating alert.
1	effective battery life, loud ringtones and vibrating alert.
1	Image quality, features.
1	Image prize, features.
0	Wobble wheels, no adequate sunshade
0	Wobble wheels, no adequate awning
0	No Hands Free kit
0	No Hands gratis kit
0	A little pricey, shakes alot. Ink consumtion
0	A little pricey, handclasp alot. Ink consumtion
1	Sony picture quality, Cool filters, Movie feature
1	Sony picture quality, assuredness filters, Movie feature
1	brand,service, function,flash,software,colour,Memory Stick,
1	brand,service, function,flash,software,colour,Memory get,
0	Noisy! Fragile inards. Broke after 4 months light use. HP replaced for free. Still happy!
0	Noisy! Fragile inards. develop after 4 months sluttish use. HP replaced for free. notwithstanding happy!
0	it can dial by itself, the battery life sucks
0	it can dial by itself, the battery liveliness sucks
0	jams at times if paper isn't in straight
0	jams at times if paper isn't in flat
1	No comment
1	No gloss
1	Outside display, large inner display, sleek, tri-mode
1	Outside display, large inside display, sleek, tri-mode
0	small and cheap
0	small and meretricious
1	Great size, great pictures, great everything!
1	Great size, great pictures, smashing everything!
0	crappy stock CF card, poor florecent light performance
0	crappy stock CF card, poor florecent low-cal performance
1	Batter life, ease of use
1	Batter spirit, ease of use
0	The camera body a  bit too smooth and no lens threads for filters
0	The camera body a  bit too tranquil and no lens draw for filters
0	Looks a big cheap
0	look a big cheap
0	No LCD.  Menus are less than clear.
0	No LCD.  Menus are less than elucidate.
1	easy to use, lots of features, pocket sized, quality pictures.
1	slowly to use, circumstances of features, pocket sized, quality pictures.
1	Feature-packed for price.  Great resolution.  Compact form.  Looks Good.
1	Feature-packed for price.  Great resolution.  stocky form.  Looks Good.
1	A fast digital copier and laser printer
1	A riotous digital copier and laser printer
1	Solid feel, easy operation
1	Solid feel, well-fixed operation
0	short cut on keypad not available
0	short disregard on keypad not available
1	Photo quality, ease of use, size and weight
1	Photo quality, ease of utilisation, size and weight
1	Good reception, bluetooth.
1	secure reception, bluetooth.
0	None to date
0	none to date
1	various features, front LCD display, new technology
1	various features, battlefront LCD display, new technology
0	No adjustable recline position
0	No adjustable recline status
0	Needs bigger memory card
0	Needs heavy memory card
0	Distant Images Poor, Battery wears down quickly, Small and Awkward to Hold 
0	Distant Images Poor, Battery assume down quickly, Small and Awkward to custody 
0	Battery Life, Screen hard to see in direct day light.
0	Battery Life, Screen hard to determine in orchestrate day light.
0	Not Cheap, Less Features than cheaper phones
0	Not Cheap, Less Features than cheaper sound
1	Saves uncompressed images, great resolution, great manual features.
1	Saves uncompressed images, great resolution, great manual characteristic.
0	Doesn't come with a lens, or any compact flash. Demo software 30 day trial. 
0	Doesn't come with a lense, or any compact scoot. Demo software 30 day trial. 
0	bad paper loading, bad customer service
0	bad paper stretch, bad customer service
0	none
0	none
1	Prints superbly on Glossy and Inkjet Paper
1	Prints superbly on Glossy and Inkjet report
1	Gorgeous, hi-resolution pictures
1	Gorgeous, hi-resolution figure
1	Good looks and excellent sound quality
1	skilful looks and excellent sound quality
0	Charging problems.  Audio output problems.
0	tear problems.  Audio output problems.
0	frequent break downs
0	frequent recess downs
0	None at the moment!
0	None at the second!
1	Sleek, nice downloads, attractive looking.  That's it.
1	Sleek, prissy downloads, attractive looking.  That's it.
1	Compact size, Color screen, Speaker phone, Easy learning curve
1	Compact size, colouring screen, Speaker phone, Easy learning curve
0	none!
0	none!
1	Small, great reception, extremely intuitive.
1	Small, great receipt, extremely intuitive.
0	hard to change cover
0	hard to change comprehend
0	Bulky. The con that can't be overcome. Cheesy ringtones.
0	Bulky. The bunko that can't be overcome. Cheesy ringtones.
1	none
1	none
0	touchpad can be sensitive, most accessories sold separately
0	touchpad can be sore, most accessories sold separately
0	Price tag!!!
0	damage tag!!!
1	Great photographic output, very good price.
1	capital photographic output, very good price.
0	How battery is charged and location of shutter and on/off buttons
0	How battery is send and fix of shutter and on/off buttons
1	Wireless internet at your fingertips, clarity, features
1	Wireless internet at your fingertips, clarity, sport
0	The transition from digital to analog, during a phone call, loses the caller
0	The transition from digital to analog, during a phone Call, misplace the caller
1	Compact Flash and Smart Media reader built-in, 4x6" paper tray
1	Compact tawdry and voguish Media reader built-in, 4x6" paper tray
1	Durable
1	long-lived
0	does not come with an AC adapter..must be purchased separately,and not easy to find, best bet is to order direct from Epson
0	does not occur with an AC adapter..must be purchased separately,and not light to find, undecomposed bet is to regularise direct from Epson
0	slightly shakes when printing
0	slightly shiver when printing
0	bad driver, expensive special paper, sub average quality on plain paper
0	bad driver, expensive extra paper, sub average lineament on plain paper
0	To many to list- chiefly, difficulty with programming phone book and reception.
0	To many to list- chiefly, difficulty with programing telephone book and reception.
1	Nice all-in-one package; Great features
1	Nice all-in-one package; heavy features
0	Thick phone, especially with a leather case on. Slow switching between digital and analog mode.
0	deep phone, especially with a leather case on. Slow interchange between digital and analog way.
1	Small size, easy to use all the features
1	minor size, easy to use all the features
1	looks, features, calling card, quick dial
1	looks, features, calling card, agile dial
1	Stunning photo quality printouts, value price
1	Stunning photo quality printouts, prize price
1	small, light, easy to use
1	minuscule, light, easy to use
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
0	My carrier disabled the full boast congeal (OBEX).  "LOCATION" theater is missing in the calendar.
0	Side buttons, speakerphone, voice calling.
0	Side buttons, speakerphone, voice cry.
0	Handles are fragile. 
0	treat are fragile. 
1	Easy to use, monitors ink volume levels, good scans
1	Easy to use, monitors ink volume stage, good scans
1	It was free.  Good talk time.
1	It was free.  Good talk clip.
1	Zoom, ease of use, zoom, digital eyepiece, did I mention zoom?
1	Zoom, informality of usance, zoom, digital eyepiece, did I mention zoom?
1	cute
1	precious
1	Fast printing, great photos, good utilities, easy installation
1	Fast printing, great photos, good utilities, easy installment
1	Easy To Use, Great Picture Quality, Optical and Digital Zoom, Great Value.
1	Easy To usage, dandy Picture Quality, Optical and Digital Zoom, Great Value.
1	Bluetooth Connectivity, High Quality Speakerphone, Tri-Mode, Large Display, ObeyMoto Feature
1	Bluetooth Connectivity, High quality Speakerphone, Tri-Mode, vauntingly Display, ObeyMoto Feature
0	small baskets, canopy doesn't block sun, expensive
0	small baskets, canopy doesn't block insolate, expensive
0	Bluetooth headsets don't work with audio player.  No "Missed Calls" list.  Phone freezes up occasionally.
0	Bluetooth headsets don't work with audio player.  No "lack foretell" list.  call freezes up occasionally.
0	Network setup instructions are not provided, but they are somewhat different.
0	Network apparatus instructions are not allow, but they are somewhat different.
0	A little bit expensive for those new mothers.
0	A little minute expensive for those new mothers.
0	Physical Size
0	Physical sizing
1	Easy to use, Quick uploads
1	Easy to utilization, Quick uploads
1	Pretty phone and graphics
1	Pretty call and graphics
1	Small size, picture quality
1	Small size, picture calibre
1	New Super CCD Technology
1	New tiptop CCD Technology
1	Small and lightweight, bluetooth enabled, battery life, voice control.
1	pocket-sized and lightweight, bluetooth enabled, battery life, voice control.
0	not at this price
0	not at this terms
1	A great machine to have and does a great job for a low price.  
1	A great automobile to have and does a great job for a depressed price.  
1	Prints clearly, easy to use, easy to load the paper into.
1	publish intelligibly, easy to use, easy to load the paper into.
1	price, quality
1	cost, quality
0	bulky in trunk
0	bulky in torso
0	Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
0	Requires excessive button drive for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled intelligent caliber with fasttalkers.
1	Xerox name; low-cost, reasonably fast
1	Xerox cite; low-cost, reasonably fast
1	excellent picture quality
1	excellent film quality
0	Price could be better
0	Price could be proficient
0	PRODUCT WARRATEE IS FAKE, high price, questionable quality of camera components
0	PRODUCT WARRATEE IS FAKE, highschool price, questionable quality of camera factor
0	Battery life, a bit complicated to program
0	Battery life, a bit complicate to program
0	Power hungry. Sometimes difficult to focus (auto) Lots of red eyes!
0	Power hungry. Sometimes difficult to focus (car) wad of red eyes!
1	Size, Color, Flip-compact design
1	Size, Color, Flip-compact intent
1	small size, ease of use
1	small size, ease of utilization
1	feature packed,nice price
1	feature packed,nice toll
1	beautiful print quality
1	beautiful print character
1	A decent basic phone, good capacity memory for contacts, decent basic camera.
1	A decent basic phone, full capacity memory for contacts, enough basic camera.
1	None
1	none
0	memory could be bigger, but not an issue
0	memory could be bigger, but not an upshot
0	not a one
0	not a unrivalled
1	Small,color screen,(loud)poly ringers,picks up great.
1	Small,color screen,(loud)poly ringers,picks up slap-up.
1	Fast, easy!
1	profligate, easy!
1	Size, User Friendly
1	Size, User favorable
1	Fast (in draft mode only)
1	Fast (in outline mode only)
0	seems abit flimsy
0	seem abit flimsy
1	Small, Stylish, Cost, Large Phonebook, Feature-packed, Trusted Brand
1	minuscule, Stylish, Cost, Large Phonebook, Feature-packed, Trusted Brand
0	Doesn't work, eats ink, Message on front misleading! 
0	Doesn't ferment, eats ink, Message on front misleading! 
1	Easy Operation
1	comfortable Operation
0	Noise level, envelopes jam when printing
0	Noise level, envelopes hole when printing
1	small size, good for family shots 
1	modest size, good for family shots 
1	Great Value. Very Reliable, Easy to Use and Excellent Picture Quality.
1	Great Value. Very dependable, Easy to utilise and Excellent Picture Quality.
1	A very fast printer with brilliant photo quality.
1	A very tight printer with brilliant photo quality.
0	A rechargeable battery would have been more appropriate
0	ampere rechargeable battery would have been more appropriate
0	flimsy, not good reception
0	flimsy, not good response
0	Annoying sensitive buttons on the side, no video
0	vex sensitive buttons on the side, no video
1	Initial price
1	Initial terms
0	No optical zoom, eats batteries (!)
0	No ocular zoom, eats batteries (!)
0	A little difficult to learn.
0	A niggling difficult to learn.
1	Great battery life!! over 1000 photos so far. Good size. durable
1	heavy battery spirit!! over 1000 photos so far. Good size. durable
0	Verizon Disabled Features
0	Verizon Disabled have
0	Expensive. Image quality not completely perfect.
0	Expensive. Image select not completely perfect.
1	Swivel LCD, battery life, flexible storage 
1	swivel LCD, battery life, flexible storage 
1	Optical zoom, long battery life, ease of use
1	Optical zoom, recollective battery life, ease of use
0	Somewhat pricey, slow (but good) preview (histogram!), 1.6x effective focal length diminishes wide-angle lenses
0	Somewhat pricey, slow (but good) prevue (histogram!), I.6x effective focal length belittle wide-angle lenses
1	A lot of features, extras, flexibility and good picture quality for the money
1	A lot of features, extras, flexibility and proficient picture calibre for the money
1	Size/weight, illuminated keypad and screen, internal antenna, features, apparent durability.
1	size/weight, illuminated keypad and screen, internal antenna, features, evident durability.
1	Light and Compact
1	Light and succinct
1	Works like a camera, great color
1	Works like a camera, great distort
1	User Friendly in all aspects
1	User Friendly in all look
1	Excellent color quality, high pixel rating, makes movies and more!
1	Excellent colourise quality, richly pixel rating, makes movies and more!
1	Brilliant Screen, Global connectivity, 3G (outside of US), Reception & Sound Clarity, Bluetooth 2.0, Camera
1	brilliant Screen, Global connectivity, 3G (outside of US), Reception & fathom lucidness, Bluetooth 2.0, Camera
0	You have to open the printer and swap cartridges to change from color to B&amp;amp;W
0	You have to subject the printer and swap cartridges to change from colourise to B&A;amp;W
1	Easy to use; good photos for the price.
1	Easy to use; good photos for the terms.
1	Inexpensive, good print quality
1	Inexpensive, near print quality
1	Beautiful Prints with ease!
1	Beautiful Prints with relaxation!
0	SLOW--wastes time and money
0	SLOW--wastes clip and money
0	the ring tones are revolting & you can't download replacements.
0	the ring quality are revolting & you can't download replacements.
0	Low Picture Quality
0	low-pitched Picture Quality
1	Cheap, basic PDA features
1	chintzy, basic PDA features
0	None if you have space for one!
0	None if you have space for I!
0	Color Print Quality, Tiny Ink Cartridges
0	Color Print Quality, midget Ink Cartridges
1	Fast, great quality
1	debauched, great quality
1	Light, good reception, nice implementation of the Palm OS and cell phone
1	brightness, good reception, nice implementation of the Palm OS and cubicle phone
0	Slow Autofocus, poor low light focus, small memory card, no rechargeable batteries
0	deadening Autofocus, poor low unhorse focus, small memory card, no rechargeable batteries
1	Excellent photo quality prints without waiting forever.
1	Excellent photo quality prints without waitress forever.
1	Battery life; voice clarity; volume
1	Battery life; voice clarity; intensity
0	MANY DIFFERENT SETTINGS. PUT AWAY FOR A WHILE AND YOU FORGET HOW TO USE IT.
0	MANY different SETTINGS. frame AWAY FOR A WHILE AND YOU FORGET HOW TO use IT.
1	Rear footboard, folds up small, comfy for both kids, adjustable handles, sturdy but light
1	Rear footboard, folds up small, comfy for both kids, adjustable handles, tough but luminosity
0	Lens cap can jam lens extension when turned on
0	Lens cap can jam lens extension when sprain on
1	Standard double A batteries, picture quality, ease of operation
1	Standard double a batteries, picture quality, ease of operation
0	Reception only average, poor menu system, lousy manual
0	Reception only median, poor menu system, lousy manual
1	Great when it works
1	Great when it run
1	Easy to use,great pictures, compact yet fits well in hands.
1	Easy to use,great depict, succinct yet fits well in hands.
1	Superb quality pictures. Lots of cool features. LCD screen
1	Superb timbre pictures. Lots of cool features. LCD screen
0	Frustratingly short battery life, minor Sonyeric functionality limitations, smallish memory and camera, no EDGE
0	Frustratingly dead battery life, minor Sonyeric functionality limitations, smallish memory and camera, no abut
1	3 MegaPixel, 3x optical zoom, good price, solid feel, FUNC button
1	ternary MegaPixel, 3x optical zoom, good price, satisfying feel, FUNC button
0	none
0	none
1	Great features
1	bang-up features
0	No optical zoom, batteries go fast, weak flash
0	No optical zoom, batteries go fast, weak instant
0	Significant rebate is about to expire!  Get it now!
0	Significant rebate is about to expire!  dumbfound it now!
0	ink guzzler...expensive in the long run
0	ink guzzler...expensive in the long lam
0	Non-alphabetized phonebook, BUT this phone has voice activated dialing! Manual could be better.
0	Non-alphabetized phonebook, BUT this phone has representative activated dialing! Manual could be ripe.
0	user interface is not user friendly
0	exploiter interface is not user friendly
0	Poor reproduction of color photos, NOISY
0	Poor reproduction of emblazon photos, NOISY
0	Built by Lg, realiability/ durability
0	Built by Lg, realiability/ enduringness
0	must be careful and become familiar with the camera for best use
0	must be careful and become familiar with the camera for adept expend
0	Goes dead often with lens still extended
0	Goes dead often with lens still broaden
0	Small fonts lose some quality
0	Small fonts miss some quality
1	excellent pictures, sound recording, sturdy build, low light capabilities, USB connectivity
1	excellent pic, sound recording, sturdy build, low spark capabilities, USB connectivity
0	Flimsy lens cap
0	Flimsy lens jacket
0	Some software glitches.
0	around software glitches.
0	Is there?
0	represent there?
0	too small, hard to navigate compared to other phones, screen hard to read, low rings
0	too small, hard to pilot compared to other phones, screen severe to read, low-toned rings
1	Excellent picture quality,ability to, adjust settings manually,and no more film to develop !!!!
1	Excellent photograph prize,ability to, adjust settings manually,and no more film to develop !!!!
1	Easy to use, Inexpensive storage media
1	Easy to function, Inexpensive storage media
0	A little heavy, slow serial connection
0	A niggling heavy, slow serial connection
1	stylish,durable,easy to customize,long battery life,lots of options and add ons
1	stylish,durable,easy to customize,long battery aliveness,muckle of options and add ons
0	None that I've discovered
0	None that I've observe
0	Limited memory and Of course the speaker phone bug
0	Limited memory and Of course the verbaliser phone bug
0	Error in online spec sheet.  No USB.  No Win2K/XP. Slow LCD and next picture.
0	mistake in online spec sheet.  No USB.  No Win2K/XP. dull LCD and next pic.
0	some features not useful (explained in review).  Ink expensive and low volume.
0	some feature not useful (explained in review).  Ink expensive and modest volume.
1	A versatile, reliable, and durable stroller with great style
1	A versatile, reliable, and durable stroller with corking style
1	safe, strong, reliable, changing colors, extra features, longest talk time and standby time in the industry.
1	safe, hard, reliable, changing colors, spare features, longest talk time and standby sentence in the industry.
1	Extended Battery Time, Calculator, Calendar, Phone Memory, Small Size and Weight
1	Extended Battery Time, Calculator, Calendar, ring retentiveness, Small Size and Weight
0	Bad low light pics
0	Bad first light pics
1	photos transfer from camera to software quickly, easy to get started with
1	photos transfer from camera to software quickly, easy to cause jump with
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, sturdy, looks great
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, sturdy, reckon great
0	Still getting used to weight distribution.  Maybe not a camera for simple vacation photo-takers.
0	Still suffer utilise to weight distribution.  Maybe not a camera for simple vacation photo-takers.
1	Nice picture
1	Nice envision
1	good battery life, very clear
1	safe battery life, very clear
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of function
1	Great quality, feature packed, long 'on-times'
1	Great quality, feature packed, retentive 'on-times'
0	Uses quite a bit of ink, but not really any more than equivalent printers.
0	US quite a snatch of ink, but not really any more than equivalent printers.
1	Quality Name.
1	Quality epithet.
0	film does not advance
0	film does not rise
0	Approx 70 pct of time it will not print an address on an envelope. 
0	Approx LXX pct of clock it will not print an address on an envelope. 
0	Speakerphone doesn't turn off when you close the flip;
0	Speakerphone doesn't release off when you close the flip;
0	Vibrates, but not as strong as others
0	oscillate, but not as strong as others
0	Price can be reduced due to competitors
0	Price can be subjugate due to competitors
1	Sharp images, flawless transfers to computer, good instructions, fair price
1	Sharp images, flawless transfers to computer, just teaching, fair price
0	Uses batteries
0	utilisation batteries
0	slow, noisy, low paper capacity, runs through toner quickly
0	slow, noisy, low paper capacity, rill through toner quickly
1	Price zoom and features
1	Price zoom and lineament
0	Sluggish firmware (compared to Nokia).&#13;&#10;Signal reception not better than Nokia.&#13;&#10;
0	sulky firmware (liken to Nokia).&#13;&#10;Signal reception not just than Nokia.&#13;&#10;
1	Single ink cartridge technology!
1	Single ink magazine technology!
0	Eats Batteries Like Crazy
0	Eats Batteries Like gaga
0	belt clip
0	belt snip
0	My battery drains VERY quickly
0	My barrage drains VERY quickly
1	Super-small and super-cool; web-enabled
1	Super-small and super-cool; web-enabled
0	none
0	none
1	Lightweight, durable, easy to maneuver, functional, versatile
1	Lightweight, durable, soft to maneuver, functional, versatile
1	Two-way radio, seemingly unbreakable housing
1	two-way radio, seemingly unbreakable housing
0	Quickly fading inks, slow speed on text
0	Quickly fading inks, slowly speed on text
1	reliable
1	honest
1	Style, Features.
1	stylus, Features.
0	Orange backlight wasn't that appealing.
0	Orange backlight wasn't that sympathetic.
0	movie is poor
0	movie is inadequate
0	Not enough ring tones, does not display the time phone calls were received or made
0	Not enough ring timbre, does not display the time phone name were incur or made
1	Cool colour, illumination light, size, weight
1	Cool colour, illumination wanton, size, weight
1	Packed with features, tools, and accessories.
1	Packed with features, putz, and accessories.
0	None of it works reliably!
0	None of it oeuvre reliably!
0	No Viewing screen on the camera
0	No Viewing sieve on the camera
0	Boy those cartridges are pricey!
0	Boy those cartridges are dear!
0	Print heads frequently fail and are not covered under warranty.
0	Print headway frequently fail and are not cover under warranty.
0	Use photo paper for best results
0	Use photo paper for best lead
0	nothing at all!!!!!!!
0	zippo at all!!!!!!!
1	Easy to use, excellect picture quality 
1	Easy to use, excellect characterization quality 
1	Scanner, Color Ink-jet printer, Fax, and Photo center all in one!
1	Scanner, Color Ink-jet printer, Fax, and Photo plaza all in peerless!
1	Excellent reception, Small, sleek
1	Excellent reception, minor, sleek
0	none that I can think of
0	none that I can cerebrate of
0	The Display Needs to be Bigger
0	The Display motive to be Bigger
0	no flash, very sensitive
0	no flash, very sore
0	the antenna bends, and then breaks waaaay to easily, weak earpiece, not fully customizable
0	the antenna bends, and then breakout waaaay to easily, weak earpiece, not amply customizable
1	unbelievable photos on glossy or photo paper
1	unbelievable photos on glossy or pic paper
1	6x Optical zoom, intuitive menus, viewfinder (day/dusk)
1	6x Optical zoom, intuitive menus, finder (day/dusk)
1	Well lit screen, amazingly loud and clear reception, selection of ringers, easy to use interface
1	Well ignite screen, amazingly loud and clear receipt, selection of ringers, easy to habituate interface
1	Speaker phone, games, many different rings, calculator, etc.
1	Speaker phone, plot, many different rings, calculator, etc.
1	Terrific design, carries infant car seat
1	Terrific design, carries infant car invest
1	ease of use
1	ease of utilization
0	Eats batteries for dinner, Can't upgrade firmware.
0	Eats battery for dinner, Can't upgrade firmware.
1	Lots of neat features very flashy and pretty.
1	band of neat features very flashy and pretty.
0	none
0	none
0	Battery life is so poor it makes it prohibitive to use.
0	Battery sprightliness is so pathetic it makes it prohibitive to use.
1	Low price, toner saver, compact sizem reprint button
1	modest price, toner saver, compact sizem reprint button
0	-Poor reliability
0	-misfortunate reliability
0	Display failed after 6 months, Virgin refused to admit it had sold me a lemon...
0	Display failed after sixer months, Virgo resist to admit it had sold me a lemon...
0	Dingy color, poor navigation, slow software, sensitive microphone, etc
0	muddy color, poor navigation, slow software, sensitive microphone, etc
1	Sharp Photos and long battery life
1	penetrative Photos and long battery life
0	Not very dependable
0	not very dependable
0	Picture Quality
0	picture Quality
0	Complicated for Beginners..
0	Complicated for initiate..
0	difficult faceplate removal, no mp3 player, speaker phone stays on when phone is closed
0	difficult faceplate removal, no mp3 player, speaker phone stay on when phone is shut
0	Consumed my batteries in no time
0	have my batteries in no time
1	Great speakerphone, wonderful voice recognition.
1	heavy speakerphone, wonderful voice recognition.
0	durability of sliding cover
0	durability of sliding comprehend
0	if you are trying to escape they will find you ha!
0	if you are judge to escape they will get you ha!
0	Printer cartrige cost.
0	Printer cartrige price.
1	No bills, no statements, and plenty of free services!
1	No poster, no statements, and plenty of free services!
1	cheap, easy to use
1	cheap, easygoing to use
1	Excellent,sharp photos with great color saturation. Great Porsche body!
1	Excellent,sharp photograph with great color impregnation. Great Porsche body!
1	None, period.
1	None, catamenia.
0	To small battery, weak flash,long time delay. Manual focus problem in Macro.
0	To small battery, frail flash,farseeing time delay. Manual focus problem in Macro.
1	Easy to use, fast, cheap to use, comes with it's own battery charger.
1	Easy to use, tight, cheap to use, arrive with it's own battery charger.
1	Fantastic value, great images, solid camera, GREAT company, EXCELLENT customer service (read my 5/20/2000 update)
1	Fantastic rate, great figure, solid camera, GREAT company, EXCELLENT customer service (read my quintuplet/20/2000 update)
0	Manual Lack OF
0	Manual deficiency OF
0	too slow, cartridges expensive
0	too slowly, cartridges expensive
1	Easy to use feature loaded.
1	Easy to use feature sozzled.
0	Slow and awkward menu system. Not always easy to find your way around its features.
0	retard and cumbersome menu system. Not always light to find your way around its features.
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Very good scanner, printer and card reader
1	Very respectable scanner, printer and card reader
0	Horrible battery life, Slow, Mediocre resolution
0	Horrible battery life, Slow, Mediocre solution
1	Modern looking
1	Modern see
1	size, light-weight, picture quality, features
1	size, light-weight, icon quality, features
1	Well made, Small size, picture quality, compact flash, battery life. 
1	intimately made, small size, picture quality, compact flash, battery life. 
0	Bad button placement, touch screen and call do not mix well.
0	Bad button placement, hint shield and call do not mix well.
0	Somewhat noisy when adjusting itself
0	moderately noisy when adjusting itself
0	buggy, feeding problems, and many more.
0	buggy, feed problems, and many more.
0	Bad construction, flimsy design, worthless
0	Bad construction, flimsy excogitation, worthless
1	Very bright backlight, very stylish
1	Very undimmed backlight, very stylish
1	Nice Candy design, Lots of Featured
1	Nice Candy design, dispense of Featured
0	USB connection to camera, digital zoom
0	USB connecter to camera, digital zoom
0	Color Cartridge drains quickly
0	distort Cartridge drains quickly
0	Pictures quality
0	video quality
0	Reception, Camera
0	response, Camera
1	easy to use
1	prosperous to use
0	none
0	none
1	User Friendly
1	User favorable
1	lightweight, adjustable handle bar, durable fabric   
1	whippersnapper, adjustable handle bar, durable fabric   
0	The Video feature... and Rechargable Batteries are a must for this camera.
0	The video characteristic... and Rechargable Batteries are a must for this camera.
1	Reception, Battery life, color screen, downloadable features.... I can go on and on....
1	Reception, Battery life, coloration screen, downloadable features.... I can pass on and on....
1	Does great black &amp;amp; white prints
1	Does smashing black &amp;amp; white prints
1	Functions,style
1	Functions,stylus
0	Quite heavy, slow startup time.
0	Quite weighty, slow startup time.
1	Print quality, software, speed
1	Print character, software, speed
1	Good quality, easy to use, uses 1.44 floppies
1	Good quality, easy to use, uses 1.44 diskette
1	Portable, stylish and affordable. Fits in your shirt-pocket. Multiple settings ,daylight pictures are excellent
1	Portable, stylish and affordable. convulsion in your shirt-pocket. Multiple context ,daylight pictures are excellent
0	Cost
0	cost
0	Should have come with NimH batteries
0	Should have semen with NimH batteries
1	Size, Features, Optical Zoom
1	Size, Features, ocular Zoom
1	Ink Cartridges LAST
1	Ink cartridge LAST
1	Superior print quality on both plain and coated material. Quality construction. Quiet operation. Excellent customer service over phone and company web site. Prints on both sides of paper  automatically. 
1	Superior print quality on both kick and coated material. lineament construction. Quiet operation. Excellent customer avail over phone and society web site. Prints on both sides of report  automatically. 
1	light, beautiful
1	lightsome, beautiful
0	A bit noisy
0	A flake noisy
1	Absolutely wonderful for accommodating twins and their car seats with special attachment bar!
1	Absolutely wonderful for accommodating twins and their machine seats with especial attachment bar!
0	Very expensive replacement cartridges, automatic feed wrinkles paper, difficult installation 
0	Very expensive permutation cartridges, automatic feed wrinkles paper, difficult installment 
0	GSM coverage spotty in some areas, some features are overkill, needs louder listening volume
0	GSM coverage spotty in some expanse, some features are overkill, involve louder listening volume
0	Slightly large, tech glitches, novelty
0	Slightly prominent, tech glitches, novelty
0	Paper jams consistently and no fax included.
0	Paper throng consistently and no fax included.
0	Bad quality in LCD screen, 
0	Bad tone in LCD screen, 
0	Paper/Ribbon pack may be hard to find locally but better deals online
0	Paper/Ribbon tamp may be hard to find locally but better bargain online
0	AWFUL reception, joystick hard to use, delay times on everything
0	AWFUL reception, joystick concentrated to habit, delay times on everything
0	read on and i'll tell you
0	understand on and i'll tell you
1	tiny!, usable in Europe & parts of East Asia, light, clarity
1	tiny!, usable in Europe & disunite of East Asia, wakeful, clarity
1	Solid work horse.  Excellent quality and reliability.
1	solidness work horse.  Excellent quality and reliability.
0	EXPENSIVE $500,Battery life is very short  plus accesories $170
0	EXPENSIVE $500,Battery life is very unforesightful  asset accesories $170
1	great print quality, great price
1	peachy print quality, great price
0	No USB cable included, other minor.
0	No USB cable included, other child.
1	Auto, pre-set Scene and Manual modes. Lithium rechargable battery and charger incuded. 4 MegaPixels. 
1	motorcar, pre-set Scene and Manual modality. Lithium rechargable battery and charger incuded. 4 MegaPixels. 
1	Like a 35 mm Camera with great support
1	Like a 35 mm Camera with big support
0	None yet
0	None heretofore
0	None
0	none
0	Seems to break easily
0	seem to break easily
1	Photo Quality Output, Perform Several Tasks At Once, Reliable
1	Photo Quality Output, do Several Tasks At Once, Reliable
1	Thin profile, lightweight, and large, vivid color display. Clear audio and easy to use.
1	Thin profile, lightweight, and large, vivid color showing. Clear audio and gentle to use.
0	Short Battery Life
0	scant Battery Life
0	Size although not really a big con 
0	Size although not really a giving con 
1	small, cool, solid, easy to use
1	small, cool, firm, easy to use
1	speed, multi function
1	zip, multi function
0	Takes a little more time than usual to take a picture and to get used to using the camera.
0	aim a little more sentence than usual to take a picture and to get use to using the camera.
0	short battery life, unadjustable shutter speed
0	unawares battery life, unadjustable shutter speed
0	None!
0	none!
0	Stay away from this trash
0	stay away from this trash
1	Great features at an entry level price
1	Great features at an entry level terms
1	Cheap, Picture it Software
1	tawdry, Picture it Software
1	World phone capability, GPRS, Improved design, Bluetooth, Ultra-light, Ultra-thin.
1	World phone capability, GPRS, Improved purpose, Bluetooth, Ultra-light, Ultra-thin.
1	Easy to program
1	easygoing to program
1	Many features, Large LCD display
1	Many features, great LCD display
0	Flash, Pictures, Software, Drivers
0	wink, Pictures, Software, Drivers
0	Very weak signals-- does not work well indoors
0	Very weak signals-- does not operate well indoors
1	Nice prints, cheap, reliable, lots of replacement cartridges available
1	Nice prints, cheap, reliable, rafts of replacement cartridges available
0	Menu system can be awkward to use at time...
0	Menu system can be awkward to enjoyment at time...
0	eats batteries alive
0	eats batteries alert
1	Excellent voice quality in standard handsfree and a terrfic speakerphone mode.
1	Excellent vocalism quality in criterion handsfree and a terrfic speakerphone mode.
1	Cheap yet good quality, big ink cartridge
1	Cheap yet good quality, crowing ink cartridge
1	Inexpensive printer.  Multiple ways to hook it up.
1	Inexpensive printer.  Multiple ways to cabbage it up.
0	Kodak should include an AC adapter, rechargeable batteries, and recharger.
0	Kodak should include an Ac adaptor, rechargeable batteries, and recharger.
0	High-quality color prints use alot of ink.
0	High-quality color prints usage alot of ink.
0	paper jam, excess ink use, improper scan &amp; sizing
0	paper muddle, excess ink use, improper scan &amp; sizing
0	Serial cable instead of USB no shutter speed control(that or I haven't found it yet) flimsy memory card door High Power consumption! 
0	Serial cable instead of USB no shutter speed master(that or I haven't witness it hitherto) flimsy memory card door High Power expenditure! 
1	Beautiful color screen, compact, voice activated calling
1	Beautiful color screen, succinct, voice activated calling
0	Will eat batteries in less than a day if you are not careful.
0	Will exhaust bombardment in less than a day if you are not careful.
1	Price, Size, Weight
1	Price, Size, slant
1	Lightweight, Music-wired, Compatible with infant carriers, Fully reclining, stylish, ON SALE:babyage.com 
1	Lightweight, Music-wired, compatible with infant carriers, amply reclining, stylish, ON SALE:babyage.com 
1	LONG list of features, sleek design, compact size, clarity of reception, fantastic color screen
1	LONG list of features, silky innovation, compact size, clarity of reception, fantastic color screen
1	takes great pictures
1	takes great characterisation
1	excellent picture quality
1	excellent fancy quality
1	User friendly
1	User favorable
1	Neat compact design.  A good price for digital camera/camcorder/mp3 player.
1	groovy compact design.  A respectable price for digital camera/camcorder/mp3 player.
1	Cheap, digital, simple to use
1	crummy, digital, simple to use
0	Really none, when you look at the results
0	Really none, when you depend at the results
0	Slightly sticky buttons.
0	Slightly sticky push.
1	Easy to use great for all time use
1	Easy to usance great for all time use
1	Great printing speeds both B&amp;W/Color. Crisp photo quality
1	big printing speeds both B&amp;W/colorize. Crisp photo quality
0	None.
0	none.
1	Quality, speed
1	Quality, rush
1	easy to use; great pictures/LCD/features; easy to download; great value - quality ratio;
1	easy to use; great pictures/LCD/features; easygoing to download; great assess - quality ratio;
0	Well, it's cheap.
0	well, it's cheap.
0	Expensive media, basic features, poor power supply
0	Expensive media, basic features, poor ability supply
1	small, cute, price
1	minuscule, cute, price
0	as always pricier than comparable lines
0	as always pricier than comparable crinkle
0	costly ink cartridges
0	dear ink cartridges
0	Slow printing process
0	Slow impress process
1	Well built reasonably priced dual mode phone. Has lasted me nearly two years.
1	easily built reasonably priced dual mode phone. stimulate lasted me nearly two years.
1	nice capabilities
1	nice potentiality
0	A CMYK printer with an RGB driver. Hence the colours are wholly unadjustable and no pure colour is possible, Useless for colour unless you are a rank amateur
0	a CMYK printer with an RGB driver. so the colourise are wholly unadjustable and no pure colour is possible, Useless for discolor unless you are a rank inexpert
1	2.1 megapixels, Movie and Email capability, Links for straight AV/Sound.
1	2.1 megapixels, flick and e-mail capability, Links for straight AV/Sound.
1	Great Quality, Very Reliable, Easy to Use
1	swell Quality, Very Reliable, Easy to Use
0	ink cartridges are expensive and hard to find at online etailers
0	ink cartridges are expensive and gruelling to happen at online etailers
1	price, robust, quality, usability
1	price, robust, quality, serviceableness
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony  flash, battery and lens covers, Shutter Speed
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony  flash, battery and lens covers, shutter upper
1	Nice appearance. Compact. Great outside shots.
1	Nice appearance. Compact. Great outside injection.
0	Lens slow. Body chintzy. Display not jointed. Settings reset. No top readout.
0	Lens dumb. Body chintzy. Display not jointed. Settings reset. No peak readout.
0	too small
0	too minuscule
0	Hangs up system when using Windows 98
0	advert up system when using Windows 98
1	small size, superb pictures, portable format
1	small size, superb pic, portable format
0	flimsy paper tray
0	thin paper tray
0	none
0	none
1	Screen, Appearance, Battery Life, Quality, Ergonomics, Recption, Layout, Ease of Use
1	Screen, Appearance, Battery Life, lineament, Ergonomics, Recption, Layout, simplicity of Use
1	Nice Design; Many Features; Good Price
1	Nice Design; Many Features; near Price
1	Good quality black and white.
1	Good select black and white.
1	Price, "phone-yness", improved design - the Flip part is sturdier.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	damage, "phone-yness", improved excogitation - the Flip part is sturdier.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	Smooth ride, Comfortable for  baby,lightweight
1	Smooth ride, Comfortable for  babe,lightweight
1	Easy to use, great pictures, lots of features for the price, good s/w.
1	Easy to use, great figure, mass of features for the price, good s/w.
1	Price
1	terms
1	Decent quality and durability
1	decent quality and durability
1	Small, good battery life, sturdy and inexpensive.
1	Small, adept battery life, sturdy and inexpensive.
1	great colored screen, stylish, and compact
1	great bleached screen, stylish, and compact
0	must pay extra for 2nd paper drawer &amp; buy hp jet direct software/hardware
0	must pay extra for 2nd paper drawer &amp; buy hp K address software/hardware
1	Great speakerphone, nice dialing thru address book, good pda, fast internet browser, ir beaming
1	Great speakerphone, nice dialing thru address record, soundly pda, fast internet browser, ir beaming
0	Price of ink replacement cartridges.
0	Price of ink replacement cartridge.
0	no movie mode
0	no movie manner
0	A little on the large side, but no real problems.
0	angstrom fiddling on the large side, but no real problems.
0	Gobs o' features can be a little overwhelming at first.
0	scores o' features can be a little overpowering at first.
0	Not quite pager sized (Hey, It's all I could think of!).
0	not quite pager sized (Hey, It's all one could think of!).
1	Very low price, good quality color, fast and quiet operation
1	Very low price, just quality color, libertine and quiet operation
0	Small screen, interface slightly confusing at first
0	belittled screen, interface slightly confusing at first
1	Multiband Digital Coverage, Lithium Ion Battery, Voicedial, Data Cable, programmable buttons, hold feature.
1	Multiband Digital Coverage, Lithium Ion Battery, Voicedial, Data line, programmable buttons, admit feature.
0	PRODUCT IS DEFECTIVE-FLASH FAILS.  Eats batteries 
0	PRODUCT IS DEFECTIVE-FLASH FAILS.  chuck batteries 
0	Black and white display; speakerphone is hard to hear
0	Black and blanched display; speakerphone is hard to hear
0	Noisy, poor color output, annoying installation
0	Noisy, poor color output, rile installation
0	Loud, Accessories expensive, slow, color  cracks when folded
0	Loud, accoutrement expensive, slow, color  cracks when folded
1	Small and lightweight
1	little and lightweight
1	Professional features, outstanding quality, excellent battery life
1	Professional features, outstanding quality, excellent battery biography
1	ease of handling, good picture quality
1	ease of handling, good picture character
1	Great reception - great color
1	Great reception - great colour
1	pretty clear printing... when it does
1	pretty solve printing... when it does
1	Floppies, zoom, clear pictures
1	Floppies, zoom, clear depict
0	Darn near everything else.
0	Darn cheeseparing everything else.
1	Speaker Phone, Has a nice feel
1	Speaker Phone, make a nice feel
1	Good image quality, Fun video feature, AWESOME feel
1	Good image quality, play video feature, AWESOME feel
0	BATTERY..... need I say more?
0	BATTERY..... need I articulate more?
0	Short battery life
0	forgetful battery life
0	Viewfinder.
0	viewfinder.
1	Great pictures, ease of use, New Pro memory sticks
1	Great pictures, ease of use, New Pro retentivity sticks
0	could use faster lense, controlls take some getting use to
0	could use profligate lense, controlls take some have use to
0	Flimsy antenna, somewhat difficult navigation on web and address book
0	Flimsy antenna, somewhat difficult navigation on web and treat volume
0	No car kit, fragile
0	No car outfit, fragile
1	fast, powerful, easy to install
1	fast, powerful, tardily to install
0	Minor improvement over 8260; difficult keypad; incompatible with 8260 charging stand
0	Minor improvement over 8260; difficult keypad; incompatible with 8260 saddle support
1	well designed, easy to use
1	well designed, tardily to use
0	Finicky Buttons, Bad Battery Life, Not all Bluetooth headsets work well, Hard to hold
0	Finicky Buttons, unsound Battery Life, Not all Bluetooth headsets work well, Hard to have
1	Small, light, full of features, great battery life.
1	Small, light, total of features, great battery life.
1	Durability, Dependability, Size, Price . . .
1	Durability, Dependability, sizing, Price . . .
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice self-aggrandising discolour screens, battery lasts forever.
1	All in one systems, durability, and easy to use
1	All in one systems, durability, and easy to apply
1	Tons of features, easy to use, fantastic resolution
1	Tons of features, easy to habituate, fantastic resolution
0	Icon interface takes some getting used to.
0	Icon interface takes some stimulate used to.
1	Reception, Lite charger,
1	Reception, lite charger,
1	Compatability, ease of use, batery life, signal strength, looks
1	Compatability, ease of use, batery life, signal forcefulness, looks
0	LCD could be placed differently.
0	LCD could be grade differently.
0	Communication Errors
0	communicating Errors
1	Great pictures
1	Great characterisation
0	kinda weak flash
0	kinda unaccented flash
0	Not as fast as a laser printer
0	Not as firm as a laser printer
1	Good value for the money, Simple to learn/use
1	Good value for the money, Simple to learn/habit
1	Great pics, fun, easy to use, good price
1	Great pics, sport, easy to use, good price
0	SLOW, print quality somewhat disappointing, installation problems on Win2k
0	slacken, print quality somewhat disappointing, installation problems on Win2k
1	Sound quality is great, size is perfect, menus are easy to understand
1	Sound prize is great, size is perfect, menus are gentle to understand
0	Sound quality is awful
0	Sound quality is fearsome
1	Video w/ sound, nice pics, good looking and EASY to figure out!
1	Video w/ sound, nice pics, dear looking and EASY to fig out!
0	breaks down, changes functions mysteriously
0	breaks down, changes go mysteriously
1	Large basket, cute print hides spills, double front wheels, lots of cupholders
1	Large basket, cute print hides spills, two-fold front wheels, mountain of cupholders
0	no adjustments for quality
0	no adjustments for select
1	One-handed folding is a breeze!
1	One-handed folding is a zephyr!
1	Great battery life
1	majuscule battery life
1	Reliable, well made, great features, FREE!
1	Reliable, well wee, great features, FREE!
0	Sliding door opens too often in pocket
0	slip door opens too often in pocket
1	Great camera, good reception for calls, voice activated for when you are driving
1	Great camera, good reception for hollo, phonation activated for when you are driving
0	Battery hog , slight movement makes pictures blurry
0	Battery hog , slight movement makes fancy blurry
0	uses batteries fast
0	uses batteries dissipated
0	shutter lag, seems heavy despite small size
0	shutter lag, seems grueling despite small size
1	Great reception, tough, many features, very cheap
1	heavy reception, tough, many features, very cheap
0	Software, battery life
0	Software, battery aliveness
1	Good camera, easy use menu, bright display, not too much else...
1	respectable camera, easy utilisation menu, bright display, not too much else...
1	Great phone, durable, great reception.
1	Great headphone, durable, great reception.
1	nice quality in grades of grey, color graphics, jam free, duplex attachment
1	nice quality in grades of grey, color graphics, block unblock, duplex attachment
0	Belt clip is weak
0	Belt clip is sapless
1	Size, Resolution, Coolness
1	size, Resolution, Coolness
0	no basket, kick the wheels,, hard to fold wearing sandals
0	no basket, kick the cycle,, punishing to fold wearing sandals
1	good design and easy navigation
1	good blueprint and easy navigation
0	Handles seem too short
0	Handles seem too little
1	Rubber lining/grip, speakerphone, outside display
1	Rubber draw/grip, speakerphone, outside display
1	Class leading versatility in seating configurations.  High quality design, construction and comfort.
1	Class leading versatility in seating configurations.  richly quality excogitation, construction and comfort.
1	Great Print Quality, Fast, Quiet
1	cracking Print Quality, Fast, Quiet
1	good basic phone without a lot of useless features
1	good basic call without a lot of useless features
0	No USB.
0	no USB.
1	Great Pictures, good price, good size, metal case, compact flash
1	Great Pictures, good price, dear size, metal case, compact gaudy
0	&lt;i&gt;Difficult to Install Win98 Driver&lt;/i&gt;
0	&lt;i&gt;hard to Install Win98 driver&lt;/i&gt;
1	small, big screen. exellent sound quality, usb cable, CD, headset. graphics and coztumizations. battery durability.
1	small, bounteous screen. exellent fathom quality, usb cablegram, CD, headset. graphics and coztumizations. battery durability.
0	Tiny display (phone side).
0	Tiny display (sound side).
0	Ink evaporates and then clogs print head
0	Ink evaporate and then clogs print head
1	Great Size, Great Offers
1	Great Size, smashing Offers
1	Easy to set up
1	Easy to put up
1	Easy Menu Setup, GPRS enabled, Easy to Customize
1	Easy Menu Setup, GPRS enabled, comfortable to Customize
0	Poor white balance. LCD blanks out with manual settings. 
0	Poor ashen balance. LCD blanks out with manual settings. 
0	Needs PLENTY of light; Weak flash; Reds "pop out" a bit; Forgets some settings.
0	Needs PLENTY of unaccented; Weak flash; Reds "popping out" a bit; Forgets some settings.
1	Sturdy, roomy, easy to use.
1	Sturdy, roomy, easy to usance.
0	not very many features, basic LCD... not color!
0	not very many features, basic LCD... not colorize!
1	price, photo quality, ease of use
1	price, photo quality, comfort of use
0	limited amount of paper load
0	define amount of paper load
0	None
0	none
1	Size, weight,flip lcd,compact flash card
1	Size, weight,flip lcd,compact flashgun card
0	not bluetooth compatible(if you know what that is)
0	not bluetooth compatible(if you bang what that is)
1	handy floppy disk
1	handy diskette disk
0	too long to load pictures, too long to print
0	too long to load characterisation, too long to print
1	easy to use, quality projects
1	easy to use, quality throw
0	Expensive inks. Typical HP printer driver. Quirks with the "paper saver" mode.
0	expensive inks. Typical HP printer driver. Quirks with the "newspaper saver" mode.
0	everything else about this phone
0	everything else about this headphone
0	Flashlight is somewhat uncontrolled
0	Flashlight is reasonably uncontrolled
0	hefty price
0	sizable price
0	sound quality sounds a lil staticky at times, no regular sounding ringtones
0	sound lineament sounds a lil staticky at times, no veritable sounding ringtones
1	Loaded with USABLE features. Expandable memory
1	Loaded with USABLE features. expandable memory
1	Nice, quality camera, very easy to use
1	Nice, quality camera, very easy to role
0	Large size, flimsy looking covers, proprietry music format.
0	Large size, flimsy await covers, proprietry music format.
1	Ease of use
1	simplicity of use
0	Does not have caller groups where you can separate callers with different ring tones.
0	Does not have caller groups where you can ramify callers with different ring feel.
1	Unbreakable.  Easy to use.  Comfortable.  Sync ability.
1	Unbreakable.  tardily to use.  Comfortable.  Sync ability.
0	Always having to take the  book around if your a forgetful person
0	e'er having to take the  book some if your a forgetful person
1	Small, great reception, good screen, good battery
1	Small, great reception, good screen, skilful battery
1	Excellent photo quality, easy to use, long battery life
1	Excellent photo quality, easygoing to use, long battery life
0	front of phone scratches to easily,battery life.
0	front of phone scratches to easily,shelling life.
1	Integrated Palm and Tri-band CDMA phone
1	unified Palm and Tri-band CDMA phone
1	See above
1	experience above
1	digita scripting, very easy to use interface
1	digita scripting, very comfortable to use interface
0	price
0	cost
1	Wonderful clear, sharp pictures with excellent coloring
1	Wonderful clear, sharp pictures with excellent colorize
1	blocks roaming charges, nice looking, sturdy antenna
1	stop roaming charges, nice looking, sturdy antenna
1	print quality
1	print prize
1	semi-small size, great sound quality, 4 different usage options
1	semi-small size, neat sound quality, 4 different usage options
1	Cheap
1	chinchy
1	Multiple features, long battery life
1	Multiple features, hanker battery life
1	SIM card, Lithium Ion battery, multiband, long battery life
1	SIM card, Lithium Ion battery, multiband, prospicient battery life
1	Very nice camera, very affordable
1	selfsame nice camera, very affordable
0	Loud AC adapter, slightly wrinkles paper
0	Loud AC adapter, somewhat wrinkles paper
1	Light weight, looks good, reasonable price, good reception
1	idle weight, looks good, reasonable price, good reception
0	Somewhat noisy, expensive cartridges, hard to scan bulky items
0	Somewhat noisy, expensive cartridges, laborious to scan bulky items
1	Picture Quality, Ease of Use
1	Picture character, Ease of Use
0	none
0	none
1	A sleek, tiny little phone packed full of extras.
1	A sleek, tiny little phone packed replete of extras.
1	USB, ease of use, speed, support
1	USB, ease of practice, speed, support
1	Size, features, infrared data port, desktop software, awesome ear piece
1	Size, features, infrared data port, desktop software, awful ear composition
0	Expensive, slightly bulky, horrible company to deal with for support
0	Expensive, slightly bulky, horrible company to mess with for accompaniment
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
1	Cheap, and simple
1	Cheap, and unproblematic
1	Very easy to use, inexpensive, sturdy.
1	Very prosperous to use, inexpensive, sturdy.
1	Included rechargeable Lithium Ion Battery pack, USB connection, Plenty of features.
1	Included rechargeable Lithium Ion Battery coterie, USB joining, Plenty of features.
1	Easy to navigate. More features than could ever use.  Excellent sound quality.  Has speaker phone.
1	Easy to navigate. More have than could ever habituate.  Excellent sound quality.  birth speaker phone.
1	Small, compact, great battery life, great reception
1	Small, compact, gravid battery life, great reception
0	None yet
0	None nonetheless
0	Slow to navigate,difficult to see the screen in sunlight.
0	Slow to navigate,difficult to encounter the filmdom in sunlight.
0	Battery life
0	Battery living
1	durable, small. clarity
1	durable, small. uncloudedness
1	Compact, great picture quality, stylish
1	Compact, peachy picture quality, stylish
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their secure, dismiss calls.
1	Simple Copy button (in theory).  That is about it
1	Simple Copy clit (in theory).  That is about it
1	It is not so heavy. maneuverable. Easy to clean. Fits through doors.
1	It is not so heavy. maneuverable. easily to clean. Fits through doorway.
0	Too much money
0	overly much money
0	Slow response camera, Not user friendly. Catalog does not tell all. Crappy software.
0	Slow answer camera, Not user favorable. Catalog does not tell all. Crappy software.
0	Small internal memory
0	Small internal remembering
0	display issues, wont make calls... etc.
0	display issues, wont make anticipate... etc.
0	feels flimsy, ringers not too loud
0	palpate flimsy, ringers not too loud
0	none yet.
0	none notwithstanding.
0	basket is inaccessable when seat is all the way down
0	basket is inaccessable when invest is all the direction down
1	Nice size, nice picture quality.
1	skillful size, nice picture quality.
0	Ringer volume, cumbersome user manual
0	Ringer volume, cumbrous user manual
0	cant really grumble at much at all
0	bevel really grumble at much at all
1	Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
1	Compact, fantastically feature-filled, great heavy . . . toss the land line phone!!
1	It's color and easy internet WAP access
1	It's colourize and easy internet WAP access
1	This is a great cell phone. Contains lots of good and new features.
1	This is a great cell phone. Contains spate of proficient and new features.
1	print results are very good for a $100 model.  we use-it with our digital camera.
1	print ensue are very goodness for a $100 mannequin.  we use-it with our digital camera.
1	Ok camera
1	alright camera
1	USB, Speed, Photo quality prints
1	USB, Speed, photo quality prints
1	Ind. color tanks, low cost, fast printing..
1	Ind. color tanks, abject cost, fast printing..
1	Small, slick looking, great screen indoors
1	Small, slick count, great screen indoors
0	Quality
0	character
1	Easy to use.
1	Easy to habituate.
0	Not have a memory card to replace.
0	Not have a retentivity card to replace.
1	Ease of use, quality of photos
1	Ease of use, lineament of photos
0	slow, noisy
0	easy, noisy
1	Easy to use, video clip feature, takes great snapshots
1	Easy to utilisation, video clip feature, takes great snapshots
1	You don't have to have the film developed.
1	You don't have to have the film modernize.
1	Size, Durability, Color replication is superb for price, few relics, MPEG movies great, 3x optical
1	sizing, Durability, vividness return is superb for price, few relics, MPEG movies great, 3x optical
1	Low price.  Convenient size and shape.
1	Low price.  Convenient sizing and shape.
1	Excellent features, great screen, good menu setup
1	Excellent characteristic, great screen, good menu setup
0	None
0	none
1	cheap, nice-looking, name and number programming
1	tinny, nice-looking, name and number programming
1	Small, lightweight, stylish, color screen, good SprintPCS coverage varies), aggressive plan prices
1	Small, lightweight, stylish, coloration screen, practiced SprintPCS coverage varies), aggressive plan prices
0	toner cartridge life.  Postscript driver does not support 1200 bpi--only 600 bpi. Graphics not up to HP standards.
0	toner cartridge life.  Postscript driver does not funding 1200 bpi--only 600 bpi. art not up to HP touchstone.
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
1	1.trio MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
0	Eats batteries like you would not believe.
0	deplete batteries like you would not believe.
0	Fairly long disc-access time, large size for non-SLR
0	Fairly long disc-access time, prominent size for non-SLR
0	Sketchy written documentation.  CD ROM is somewhat Better
0	Sketchy written documentation.  CD ROM is somewhat honest
0	None
0	none
0	Bad software, problems with resolution
0	risky software, problems with resolution
0	bad quality phone, hard to navigate, exposed buttons, Sprint customer service
0	bad tone phone, concentrated to navigate, exposed buttons, Sprint customer service
1	Image Quality, Price, Zoom, Compact Size
1	look-alike Quality, Price, Zoom, Compact Size
0	No IR ports
0	No Ir ports
1	Excellent pictures, plenty of creative controls and very beginner-friendly too
1	Excellent depict, plenty of originative controls and very beginner-friendly too
0	price, Battery Life is low. 
0	price, Battery Life is down. 
1	The ultimate shirt-pocket camera! Rugged stainless steel.
1	The ultimate shirt-pocket camera! Rugged untarnished steel.
0	Average text and graphics quality.  Plain paper photo printing could be better.  Construction Quality?
0	Average text and graphics quality.  Plain paper photo printing could be meliorate.  structure Quality?
0	high cost
0	eminent cost
0	Viewfinder functionality not so best in dark environments.
0	Viewfinder functionality not so honorable in dark environments.
1	Fast and great resolution
1	Fast and peachy resolution
0	Poor antenna design. Can give you shocks while charging.
0	Poor antenna design. Can contribute you shocks while charging.
1	All you need in one box.
1	All you take in one box.
0	none found so far
0	none find so far
0	Price
0	cost
0	battery life, upload time
0	bombardment life, upload time
0	Strange noises worry me.
0	Strange noises interest me.
0	8 meg memory card, no video/audio recording
0	8 meg memory card, no video/audio commemorate
1	PTT capability, rugged casing, rubber grips on side
1	PTT capability, broken casing, rubber grips on side
0	Mine didn't come with case, but that's the only complaint
0	mine didn't descend with case, but that's the only complaint
1	Small and lightweight, voice commands, connectivity to other devices.
1	Small and lightweight, voice overlook, connectivity to other devices.
1	Excellent quality
1	Excellent choice
0	Nose hits LCD when looking through rangefinder, Battery life is a bit short
0	Nose off LCD when looking through rangefinder, bombardment life is a bit short
1	Typical Color phone nothing fancy.
1	Typical Color phone zip fancy.
1	You can talk to people sometimes
1	You can mouth to people sometimes
0	Could do a little better on distance
0	Could do a picayune better on distance
0	None
0	none
0	None
0	none
0	Can be bulky in pocket.  Weak vibration alert.  Does not come with a holster.
0	Can be bulky in pocket.  Weak vibration rattling.  Does not seed with a holster.
1	Features, Photo quality, size
1	boast, Photo quality, size
0	Electronic zoom
0	Electronic whizz
1	tons of features,including an alarm.  Long battery life!
1	lashings of features,including an alarm.  Long battery life!
1	Size and Weight&#13;&#10;Features, and NO ANTENNA!
1	Size and Weight&#13;&#10;Features, and NO antenna!
0	battery life
0	battery animation
0	Navigation of menu
0	piloting of menu
0	This camera would not work on 3 different computers without purchasing a powered USB hub.
0	This camera would not solve on ternary different estimator without purchasing a powered USB hub.
0	Has no low / middle battery indicator.
0	Has no low / midsection battery indicator.
0	none yet
0	none nonetheless
1	super sleek, intuitive, quality build, clear display, many useful features.
1	super sleek, intuitive, quality chassis, well-defined display, many useful features.
0	Super Clunky, Bulky, Awkward buttons, Battery....and oh, did I mention Battery?!
0	Super gawky, Bulky, Awkward buttons, Battery....and oh, did ane mention Battery?!
1	Two-way feature, slick look, durable.
1	Two-way feature, glib look, durable.
0	Poor reception.  Poorly placed mouse buttons.
0	Poor reception.  Poorly placed creep buttons.
1	Very small
1	Very lowly
0	Slow
0	slow
1	takes floppy disc and is easy to use.
1	shoot floppy disc and is easy to use.
1	EVERYTHING
1	EVERYTHING
1	light, compact, easy to fold, great for travel
1	abstemious, compact, easy to fold, great for travel
0	It continually jams when printing envelopes. 
0	It continually jams when impress envelopes. 
0	Features, user friendliness
0	feature, user friendliness
0	Manual, sunlight, ringtones, vibration
0	Manual, sunlight, ringtones, palpitation
1	Small size, ease of use, quality of photos with bright light
1	Small size, comfort of use, quality of photos with bright perch
0	Product reliability!! Manufacturing defect!! No analog roam.
0	Product reliability!! Manufacturing defect!! No analog swan.
1	Good battery life
1	estimable battery life
1	Size, weight, features, reception.
1	Size, weight, boast, reception.
1	works sporadically
1	wreak sporadically
0	None
0	none
0	Multiple Sending at the same time has problems
0	Multiple institutionalise at the same time has problems
1	Good feature list, RAW mode, flip-out LCD etc
1	soundly feature list, RAW mode, flip-out LCD etc
0	Price, only memory stick and blue flash syndrome
0	Price, only memory adhere and blue flash syndrome
0	not as fast as some might like
0	not as fast as some mightiness like
1	Compact, many features, ease of use
1	Compact, many features, ease of expend
1	No rushing to the store for film
1	no rushing to the store for film
1	Sharp images, inexpensive
1	Sharp look-alike, inexpensive
0	Crashes, loses data, keys dying, audio too soft, disastrous user interface.
0	Crashes, loses data, winder demise, audio too soft, disastrous user interface.
1	Great handling, wonderful storage capacity, lightweight,compact,good quality pictures.
1	Great handling, terrific storage capacity, lightweight,compact,undecomposed quality pictures.
1	Easy to operate/makes great pictures
1	Easy to operate/makes smashing pictures
1	cheap, affordable, decent images
1	inexpensive, affordable, decent images
0	Released too soon, still has way too many bugs.
0	unloose too soon, still has way too many bugs.
0	- packaged batteries, - packaged Flash Card (16mb)
0	- packaged batteries, - packaged photoflash Card (16mb)
0	LOUSY battery life.
0	LOUSY battery life-time.
0	... When it wants to work
0	... When it wants to exercise
0	expensive, power button confused with exposure button
0	expensive, power button bemused with exposure button
0	costly to run, printhead died 1 month after warranty
0	costly to run, printhead break 1 month after warranty
1	A Great all around Product
1	A Great all around product
1	print speed, photo reproduction
1	print hie, photo reproduction
0	Complex at times; no audio
0	complex at times; no audio
1	Cheap, USB, simple to operate
1	Cheap, USB, elementary to operate
1	Small, full-featured, great image quality, great price
1	Small, full-featured, great ikon quality, great price
0	The voice dialing feature did not operate well for me.
0	The vocalize dialing feature did not operate advantageously for me.
0	Needs more documentation on CD
0	ask more documentation on CD
0	none
0	none
0	no good holster/leather case designed yet.
0	no good holster/leather case designed nonetheless.
0	Quiet expensive, but we love are gadgets. No Infra-Red, Bluetooth, or HSCSD.
0	placid expensive, but we love are gizmo. No Infra-Red, Bluetooth, or HSCSD.
0	Lousy reception, dropped calls, doesn't ring
0	Lousy reception, dropped calls, doesn't annulus
0	Not for casual users, Pictures need post-processing, price, Nikon Capture 3 costs extra.
0	Not for casual users, Pictures need post-processing, price, Nikon appropriate terzetto costs extra.
0	Battery life sucks, expensive, not many custom features.
0	Battery life lactate, expensive, not many custom features.
0	No View finder, LCD impossible to see in sun
0	No View finder, LCD impossible to picture in sun
0	Battery life
0	Battery sprightliness
0	Cost and difficulty finding the replacement paper. Max picture size is 4x6.
0	Cost and difficulty receive the replacement paper. Max impression size is 4x6.
1	Tough little phone.  Easy to hear conversations.  Good voice
1	Tough little phone.  Easy to hear conversations.  dear voice
0	Battery life
0	Battery living
1	excellent quality, durable, good on consumable
1	excellent quality, durable, unspoilt on consumable
0	Price, holster design.
0	Price, holster project.
1	Very Durable, easy to use, great pictures
1	Very Durable, easy to use, great movie
1	Price, Price, Price (oh, and quality, ease of use and all that...)
1	Price, terms, Price (oh, and quality, comfort of use and all that...)
1	telephoto lens, floppy disks, flexibility
1	telephoto lens, floppy disk, flexibility
1	Ease of Use, Joy Stick Control, T9 Predictive Text
1	Ease of Use, Joy peg Control, T9 Predictive Text
0	slow printing speed
0	slow printing velocity
0	quality
0	select
1	Great picture quality, compact and weighs only around 250 grams, many functions, 16 mb
1	Great see quality, contract and weighs only around 250 grams, many functions, 16 mb
1	It's a Nokia.  Small Size.  Bright backlight.  Easy Nokia interface.
1	It's a Nokia.  pocket-sized Size.  burnished backlight.  Easy Nokia interface.
1	Quality sound, Easy to use, Nice features
1	Quality sound, gentle to use, Nice features
1	easy to use, low weight, small size
1	easy to use, first weight, small size
1	Great value to price, quality, speed, reliability
1	Great value to price, timber, speed, reliability
0	weak flash, slow lenses
0	weak flash, dull lenses
1	Works great with many programs, gives you instant results (no waiting for development), and very easy to use.
1	Works bully with many programme, gives you heartbeat results (no waiting for development), and very easy to use.
1	Good image quality
1	honorable image quality
1	Quality &amp;amp; Ease of Use
1	Quality &amp;amp; relieve of Use
0	no view finder and battery life span.
0	no view finder and battery life twosome.
0	Only con is if you use your phone for playing instead of calling!
0	Only con is if you utilisation your phone for playing instead of address!
1	versatile, works with PC and Mac, comes with image enhancing software
1	versatile, ferment with PC and Mac, comes with fancy enhancing software
1	all in one, pcfax is great.
1	all in one, pcfax is heavy.
0	battery life
0	barrage life
1	Colour screen,great battery life , awsome games , very good reception ,
1	Colour screen,great battery liveliness , awsome games , very dependable reception ,
1	Size,Reception,"Hot keys",Features
1	Size,receipt,"Hot keys",Features
1	Price, picture quality, ease of use
1	price, picture quality, ease of use
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, Stylish 
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, fashionable 
1	good quality for the price
1	beneficial quality for the price
1	small, light, nice colour display
1	small, unhorse, nice colour display
1	12 Pages/Min (B&amp;W), 5 Pages/min (colour), quiet, economical, easy to install
1	xii Pages/Fukien (B&amp;W), 5 Pages/min (colour), quiet, stinting, easy to install
0	You get what you pay for
0	You vex what you pay for
0	Bad service
0	Bad overhaul
0	Charging constraints, camera malfunctions, and movement constraints
0	level constraints, camera malfunctions, and movement constraints
0	doesn't wear well, 
0	doesn't break well, 
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	sentry that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	Have to reinstall ink cartrages
0	accept to reinstall ink cartrages
1	Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
1	Good 'phone' feel and reasoned quality.
1	Recycling older, previously used phones?
1	Recycling older, previously used ring?
0	a little heavy and bulky, but so are most travel systems
0	a little expectant and bulky, but so are most jaunt systems
0	Ink cartridges are somewhat pricey (apx. $35)
0	Ink pickup are somewhat pricey (apx. $35)
0	Reception, sound quality, battery life, fingerprints and scratches on face, power connection.
0	Reception, sound quality, battery life, fingerprints and scratches on face, office joining.
1	light, great maneuvering, cleans
1	low-cal, great maneuvering, cleans
1	standard flash-sync port and complete manual controls!
1	standard flash-sync port and over manual controls!
0	No image stabilization, the C730 could use both SM and xD cards, 
0	No envision stabilization, the C730 could habituate both SM and xD cards, 
1	Speakerphone, sound quality, nice size/form factor
1	Speakerphone, sound quality, nice size/spring factor
1	ability to read and print from memory cards
1	ability to read and print from memory menu
1	Very easy to navigate menu and change settings. Software drivers integrate well with photo applications.
1	Very easy to navigate menu and modify settings. Software drivers mix comfortably with photo applications.
0	battery usage
0	battery usance
1	Great overall feature set at an attractive price, uses CF.
1	corking overall feature set at an attractive price, USA CF.
0	short battery life, no manual focus, Kodak photo editing software is poor
0	short-change battery liveliness, no manual focus, Kodak photo editing software is poor
0	Everyone has one!
0	Everyone has matchless!
1	lightweight, attractive
1	whippersnapper, attractive
1	Lightweight, easy to use, folds compactly
1	Lightweight, easy to apply, folds compactly
1	STYLISH! Sleek hi-tech appearance, compact, light, long battery, durable, feature full.
1	STYLISH! Sleek hi-tech appearance, compendious, lighting, long battery, durable, feature full.
1	External Caller ID Screen
1	External telephoner ID Screen
0	Bulky...good if your a man...also this  will not work immediately with Windows ME!
0	bulky...good if your a man...also this  will not operate now with Windows ME!
0	design, complex software design, unintuitive pc software, phone instablity
0	design, complex software blueprint, unintuitive pc software, phone instablity
0	NONE 
0	none 
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	Large screen, clear reception and great subprogram
1	Fast, very good quality, cheap, great software, easy to set up.
1	fasting, very good quality, cheap, great software, easygoing to set up.
1	Small, compact and easy to use!
1	Small, compact and loose to use!
1	Inexpensive compared to some
1	Inexpensive compare to some
0	Limited (and very bad) ring tones, too much money for this phone
0	Limited (and very defective) ring look, too much money for this phone
1	Small size, Zoom
1	Small size, soar
0	battery sits very loose, low frills
0	battery sits very relax, low frills
1	aesthetically pleasing, voice-activated, side scroll buttons are easy to use
1	aesthetically pleasing, voice-activated, English scroll buttons are easy to consumption
0	Double AA batteries.
0	Double AA barrage.
1	resolution, automatic duplexing, looks nice
1	resolution, automatic duplexing, looks squeamish
0	Support is the only downfall.
0	digest is the only downfall.
1	Great Printer! 
1	great Printer! 
0	Very few.  Software bundle, battery life.
0	identical few.  Software bundle, battery life.
1	Ultra-sleek, mega-features, user-friendly
1	Ultra-sleek, mega-features, user-friendly
1	Nice looking, cool features, great phone book implementation, user friendly, nice ringtone.
1	Nice search, cool features, great phone book implementation, user friendly, decent ringtone.
0	Single Band, Background noise
0	unmarried Band, Background noise
0	big and slow starting  up
0	big and tardily starting  up
1	Easy to use, fairly large storage, good features, decent quality pictures.
1	well-to-do to use, fairly large storage, good features, decent quality picture.
0	Can't switch lenses, limited aperture settings (2!)
0	Can't switch lenses, determine aperture settings (2!)
0	I like the size and style of the 8310.
0	unity like the size and style of the 8310.
0	Not Very Many
0	Not identical Many
0	Limited Camera, Menus slightly harder to use, 5-way navigator bit awkward, Build Quality?
0	Limited Camera, Menus slightly punishing to use, 5-way navigator bit uneasy, Build Quality?
0	Battery conn, Service Bad,no case
0	Battery conn, Service bad,no case
0	Somewhat heavy, lots of unwanted features
0	Somewhat grueling, lots of unwanted features
0	Illegal Bait and Switch Sales Practices by CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT, CAMERA ZONE and DISCOVERY CAMERA
0	Illegal Bait and exchange Sales exercise by CAMERA reasoned, COMPDIRECT, CAMERA ZONE and DISCOVERY CAMERA
1	Words printed are easy to read.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Prints at high speed
1	parole printed are easy to read.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Prints at high velocity
0	Viewfinder scratches easily
0	Viewfinder chafe easily
1	Good design, durability, signal quality and lots of features for a low price.&#13;&#10;
1	Good design, durability, signal caliber and pot of features for a humiliated price.&#13;&#10;
1	Good speakerphone & reception, good battery lifetime
1	Good speakerphone & receipt, good battery lifetime
0	None to speak of
0	None to utter of
0	cannot hear person you are speaking to, slow internet browser, camera takes poor pictures
0	cannot hear person you are speaking to, slow internet browser, camera consider poor impression
1	Clarity, Loud, Long Battery Life, Great Features.
1	Clarity, Loud, Long Battery Life, dandy Features.
1	High Quality printing, fairly quick, small.
1	High prime printing, fairly quick, small.
1	Small size, two million pixels o' fun, versatile and weatherproof.
1	minor size, two million pel o' fun, versatile and weatherproof.
1	Everything! 
1	Everything! 
1	lightweight, durable, great sound and ringtones, speakerphone is nice feature, as well
1	lightweight, durable, outstanding sound and ringtones, speakerphone is nice feature, as swell
1	Top notch printing quality in little time!
1	Top nick printing quality in little time!
1	Non-folding, lightweight
1	Non-folding, jackanapes
1	Good sound quality.  Great display.  All around good phone.
1	Good sound quality.  neat display.  All around good phone.
0	Goes through noisy warm up and pre-printing routine
0	Goes through noisy warm up and pre-printing number
0	have to plug into the computer to view photos
0	have to plug into the computer to scene photos
0	None yet
0	None nevertheless
0	Average picture quality, lack of features, size, floppy disk storage
0	ordinary picture timber, lack of features, size, floppy disk storage
0	I didn't find any.
0	I didn't rule any.
0	No speakerphone, but i would never use it. No flash, but that's a battery killer.
0	No speakerphone, but i would never usage it. nobelium instant, but that's a battery killer.
0	Paper capacity
0	theme capacity
0	Can't hear it ring, Scratched easy
0	Can't hear it ring, expunge easy
0	Weight
0	slant
0	High Price
0	luxuriously Price
1	High resolution pics great for printing.
1	High resolution pics great for impression.
1	It's cute compact design. Ringtones are okay.
1	It's cute summary design. Ringtones are okay.
0	need to have 2 batteries
0	demand to have 2 batteries
1	Lightweight, compact umbrella folding, easy to maneuver, 
1	Lightweight, compress umbrella folding, easy to maneuver, 
1	easy to use, great pics, low price
1	easy to use, great movie, low price
1	Excellent quality, lots of features, mini movie with sound
1	Excellent quality, lots of feature, mini movie with sound
0	Tempermental
0	Tempermental
1	speed, quiet, print quality
1	speed, hush, print quality
1	Small size, good image quality
1	Small size, good image calibre
1	8mb Memory Included, Card Reader Included, Can be connected to PC or TV
1	8mb Memory Included, wit Reader Included, seat be connected to PC or TV
1	Best optical zoom available, floppy media
1	practiced optical zoom available, floppy media
0	Large, slow serial downloads, and no real zoom.
0	Large, boring serial downloads, and no real zoom.
1	Excellent ergonomic design,reliable and efficient.
1	Excellent ergonomic intent,reliable and efficient.
0	Heavier in weight and may not fold as flat as some strollers.
0	sonorous in weight and may not fold as savorless as some strollers.
0	service
0	servicing
0	Squawky sound quality at times; Nextel network is not as pervasive as others
0	Squawky sound quality at sentence; Nextel meshwork is not as pervasive as others
0	Picture sizes, internet disconection is efficient
0	depict sizes, internet disconection is efficient
0	ring tone choices are few.
0	ring inflect choices are few.
1	Size, Durability, Photo Quality
1	Size, Durability, picture Quality
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, viewfinder (with option to turn off), great customer service
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, viewfinder (with option to work off), smashing customer service
1	size and reception are awesome
1	size and reception are awful
1	Compact and portable, takes vivid and brilliant color photographs
1	stocky and portable, takes vivid and brilliant color photographs
0	low number of pages printed per minute
0	grim number of pages printed per minute
1	Mine was free, lightweight
1	mine was free, lightweight
0	The camera can use a litter better resolution
0	The camera can use a litter skilful resolution
0	two beeps that sound alike (see review text)
0	two beeps that profound alike (see review text)
0	Stiff learning curve.
0	unbendable learning curve.
1	Great features, easy to use, great look.
1	Great features, easy to use, great face.
1	durable, compact, good battery life
1	durable, succinct, good battery life
1	It's cute, stylish and trendy
1	It's cute, fashionable and trendy
1	Cheap
1	tinny
0	not usb, no carrying case or video output
0	not usb, no take case or video output
1	Cheapest on the market. Does work for small needs.
1	Cheapest on the market. do work for small needs.
0	bad zoom, no case
0	spoiled zoom, no case
1	Looks good
1	Looks skillful
1	Colour Preview screen, Small Footprint, Smartmedia &amp; CF card Slots, Onboard editing ability, 
1	Colour Preview screen, low Footprint, Smartmedia &amp; CF menu Slots, Onboard editing ability, 
1	Cost, Ease of Use, Picture Quality
1	Cost, Ease of function, Picture Quality
1	Great camera with great pictures.
1	keen camera with great pictures.
0	See above.  I'll never by Motorola again because of this.
0	realise above.  I'll ne'er by Motorola again because of this.
1	Outstanding Photos, High Resolution for Price
1	Outstanding Photos, high Resolution for Price
1	Crisp, bright screen / excellent sound / Bluetooth / superb functionality
1	kinky, bright screen / excellent sound / Bluetooth / superb functionality
0	Still high cost, no duplexer, no infrared port, see cons in review
0	Still high cost, no duplexer, no infrared port, hear cons in retrospect
1	Very easy to to use 
1	Very easy to to function 
0	No real zoom, slow to download
0	No real zoom, tiresome to download
0	Text perhaps not as sharp.  Appears cheaper than my 660 CSE.
0	Text possibly not as acuate.  Appears cheaper than my 660 CSE.
0	Never works!  Mailing it to Kodak!
0	never works!  Mailing it to Kodak!
0	Playing MP3s drain battery quickly.
0	flirt MP3s drain battery quickly.
1	It's a travel system for two!!
1	It's a trip system for two!!
1	Great for web photos
1	keen for web photos
1	Excellent picture quality
1	Excellent flick quality
1	Great print quality; Reasonable price
1	large print quality; Reasonable price
1	ease of use (camera &amp; software) great photos, even in low resolution (900X600) mode
1	ease of use (camera &amp; software) keen photos, eventide in low resolution (900X600) mode
1	takes great pictures with no learning curve
1	takes great photo with no learning curve
0	The battery could be a problem for those who talk a lot.
0	The battery could be a problem for those who mouth a portion.
1	easy to operate
1	easy to lock
0	very slow, not many features
0	very irksome, not many features
1	Effective combination of phone and PDA; you get what you pay for.
1	Effective combination of phone and PDA; you catch what you compensate for.
1	quick to print, paper usually doesn't suffer 'crinkle effect'
1	quick to print, paper usually doesn't abide 'crinkle effect'
1	pushes very nicely, beautiful, 5-point safety harness, full boot
1	pushes very nicely, beautiful, 5-point safety harness, full kick
0	Sometimes difficult to adjust flash
0	Sometimes difficult to adjust newsbreak
1	Lightweight, small size, solid build, ease of use.
1	Lightweight, little size, solid build, ease of use.
0	Limited ring-tone selections, no name auto text when adding contacts. Verizon extras are too expensive
0	Limited ring-tone selections, no distinguish machine text when adding tangency. Verizon extras are too expensive
1	You can get it pretty cheap now...
1	You can puzzle it pretty cheap now...
0	Somewhat pricey.
0	jolly pricey.
0	A little heavy, the photo ready function is slow
0	A little gravid, the photo ready function is slow
1	Recline feature, excellent support for baby, price
1	Recline feature, excellent funding for baby, price
1	Four MegaPixels, excellent 3X Nikkor Zoom, PointnShoot simplicity, and price, 
1	quartet MegaPixels, excellent 3X Nikkor Zoom, PointnShoot simplicity, and Price, 
1	great quality, decent price
1	heavy quality, decent price
1	easy to set up, operate, all paper formats, superb quality
1	easygoing to set up, manoeuver, all paper formats, superb quality
1	Cheap, Small, Fairly Quick, Simple, User-friendly
1	meretricious, Small, Fairly Quick, Simple, User-friendly
0	Requires a USB port
0	Requires a USB embrasure
0	 not much
0	 not often
1	Great price
1	bang-up price
0	Bad photo quality: focus, file size, dark image.
0	Bad photo quality: focus, file size, grim image.
0	weak belt clip, heavy
0	weak belt clip, enceinte
0	Large size, only 2X optical zoom
0	Large size, only 2X optical whizz
1	Easy to use
1	prosperous to use
1	Slim, Simple, Good Features, Good Battery Life, Good Quality.
1	reduce, Simple, Good Features, Good Battery Life, Good Quality.
1	Bluetooth.  Style.
1	Bluetooth.  title.
1	Small, User-friendly, Intuitive, Good battery life
1	humble, User-friendly, Intuitive, Good battery life
1	Screen is bright. Better camera
1	Screen is bright. well camera
0	16MB card, Battery life
0	16MB card, bombardment life
0	Battery, Phonebook
0	bombardment, Phonebook
1	infinite storage, image stabilization, 10x zoom
1	infinite warehousing, image stabilization, 10x zoom
1	Zeiss optics and smooth reliable operation
1	Zeiss optics and bland reliable operation
1	basically none
1	essentially none
0	Price!
0	terms!
0	Gets very hot if used for too long, flimsy key pad cover
0	mother very hot if used for too long, flimsy identify pad cover
1	Clear, crisp, quick printing. Economy print option to save on ink cartridges.
1	top, frizzy, quick printing. Economy print option to save on ink cartridges.
1	Lightweight
1	whippersnapper
0	may be outdated in a few years
0	may be outdated in a few year
1	Great, great quality printer
1	peachy, great quality printer
0	Poor battery life, Poor reliability, No chat board and UGLY!!
0	wretched battery sprightliness, Poor reliability, No chat board and UGLY!!
1	Display is great.  Size good.  Stationary antenna.  Nice side buttons.  Menus easy navigation.
1	Display is majuscule.  sizing good.  Stationary antenna.  Nice side buttons.  Menus easy navigation.
0	None to date
0	None to engagement
1	Quality pictures, easy to use.
1	select pictures, easy to use.
1	Price, print quality, ease of use, and multi function in a small machine excellent.
1	damage, print quality, ease of use, and multi function in a small car excellent.
0	No lens cover,  no case
0	No lens treat,  no case
0	Don't expect COMPLETELY "professional" results
0	Don't expect COMPLETELY "professional" event
0	Directions for hooking up to computer are vague
0	Directions for solicit up to computer are vague
0	Bulky, paper tray is too short, noisy during some tasks
0	Bulky, wallpaper tray is too abruptly, noisy during some tasks
0	some parts feel a little flimsy, cartridge storage can be awkward
0	some parts finger a little flimsy, cartridge storage can be inapt
1	firmware,autorotate,backlit shots
1	firmware,autorotate,backlit stab
0	Non-intuitive menus, lackluster standby time
0	Non-intuitive card, lackluster standby time
0	Best to use epson paper for photos
0	full to use epson paper for photos
1	Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build Quality; Compact; Extras
1	Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build caliber; Compact; Extras
0	Eats batteries and sometimes slow to "warm up".
0	Eats batteries and sometimes tiresome to "warm up".
1	see op
1	ascertain op
0	Battery life is slightly shorter than the Nokia 6190. Not a "SIM" card phone.
0	Battery life is slightly shorter than the Nokia 6190. Not a "SIM" lineup earphone.
1	I'll let you know.
1	I'll allow you know.
0	Delays in shutter release, delays between shots, hard to turn off flash
0	Delays in shutter liberate, detain between shots, hard to turn off flash
1	great picture and text quality...separate color ink tanks is good.
1	great ikon and text quality...separate color ink tanks is skilful.
0	no video clips
0	no picture clips
1	Commercial quality communication at excellent pricing
1	Commercial quality communicating at excellent pricing
1	Excellent reception and battery life
1	Excellent reception and shelling life
1	Reliable, lightweight, sleek, and durable.
1	authentic, lightweight, sleek, and durable.
1	great sound,great camera, great game support.
1	great sound,great camera, swell game support.
0	Big Camera.
0	heavy Camera.
1	Great idea, Palm OS was an excellent addition
1	enceinte idea, Palm OS was an excellent addition
1	study, reversible handle, adjustable back, looks
1	study, reversible handle, adjustable backrest, looks
0	slightly grainy prints.
0	slightly grainy publish.
0	No more Verizon support.  Unreliable keys.  Battery life.  Software response delays.  Infuriating pop-ups.
0	No more Verizon sustenance.  Unreliable keys.  Battery life.  Software response delays.  infuriating pop-ups.
1	Color screen. Nice basic accessories. Easy to navigate, and to spell out names. Fun games.
1	colorise filmdom. Nice basic accessories. Easy to navigate, and to patch out names. Fun games.
0	Subpar in ALL phases
0	Subpar in ALL form
0	Fragile antenna
0	slight antenna
1	Great quality, excellent software
1	heavy quality, excellent software
0	No A/C Adapter
0	No A/ampere-second Adapter
0	Closed system, not possible to install after market symbian programs
0	conclude system, not possible to install after market symbian curriculum
0	STYLE NOT VERY ATTRACTIVE
0	trend NOT VERY ATTRACTIVE
0	Noise, Feeding problems, rough operation
0	dissonance, Feeding problems, rough operation
0	No alarm clock
0	nobelium alarm clock
1	Color screen, Dual band, external CID, Voice Dial
1	Color screen, Dual band, external CID, articulation Dial
1	Weight, Volume, Bluetooth, Sync with Outlook, External Antenna Port
1	Weight, Volume, Bluetooth, synchronise with Outlook, External Antenna Port
0	Can't think of any!
0	Can't cerebrate of any!
1	Easy to read, and more lines of text
1	well-off to read, and more lines of text
0	Horrible software. Buggy. Can't customize settings. No toll free support.
0	Horrible software. Buggy. Can't customize settings. No toll devoid stomach.
0	I wish the playback zoom was scrollable.
0	i wish the playback zoom was scrollable.
0	brakes failed, hood leaks, plastic latches on hood broken - all after 4 months
0	brakes betray, hood leaks, plastic latches on hood go - all after 4 months
0	Haven't printed any envelopes yet, Toner in the future may be an issue
0	Haven't printed any enwrap yet, Toner in the future may be an offspring
1	Voice dialing, Predictive text input, Small size, Ease of use.
1	spokesperson dialing, Predictive text stimulation, Small size, Ease of use.
0	nothing
0	zippo
0	Difficult to install USB drivers.
0	unmanageable to install USB drivers.
1	Great camera, Doesn't cost a lot, Takes movies, Many shooting scenes
1	Great camera, Doesn't cost a mess, assume movies, Many shooting scenes
1	Weatherproof with excellent photo quality!
1	Weatherproof with excellent photo timbre!
1	Good printer, great prices.
1	Good printer, cracking prices.
1	Great printer for the price. Easy set up.  
1	Great printer for the price. Easy ready up.  
1	haven't had the phone long enough to come up with pros
1	haven't had the phone prospicient enough to amount up with pros
1	Great pics, easy to use, save pics on floppy disk
1	Great exposure, easy to enjoyment, save pics on floppy disk
1	Great for people who like to take lots of pictures.
1	Great for people who like to assume lots of exposure.
0	Camera Quality, Plastic Housing On Battery
0	Camera prime, Plastic Housing On Battery
0	I just bought it on Friday and I can't download.
0	1 just bought it on Friday and iodine can't download.
0	external antenna accessories not available
0	external antenna appurtenance not available
1	Free (with mail-in rebate); good reception and sound quality; easy to use
1	Free (with mail-in rebate); unspoilt reception and level-headed quality; easy to use
1	Nice Color quality
1	Nice emblazon quality
0	Macro mode rather unimpressive.
0	Macro mode sooner unimpressive.
1	Great pics, small size, optical zoom
1	dandy pics, small size, optical zoom
0	Besides the lack of features...none!
0	besides the lack of features...none!
1	Size and style
1	size and style
1	Good reception, backlighting, easy menus, voice dial
1	practiced reception, backlighting, easy menus, voice dial
1	Very cheap, small footprint
1	Very tatty, small footprint
1	Size, battery life
1	Size, battery biography
1	Great price, flatbed scanner, ease of setup and use.
1	Great price, flatbed scanner, ease of setup and role.
0	Short battery life
0	brusk battery life
1	&lt;b&gt;Extreme&lt;/b&gt; value, inexpensive, reliable
1	&lt;b&gt;Extreme&lt;/bacillus&gt; value, inexpensive, honest
0	poor reception, quirky voice tags, poor construction
0	poor reception, quirky voice trail, poor construction
0	Reception not great "GSM NOKIA WAY BETTER", Slow interface, front scratches easily
0	Reception not bully "GSM NOKIA WAY BETTER", Slow interface, front scar easily
0	price of replacement cartridges, job speed (slow)
0	price of replacement cartridges, subcontract speed (slow)
1	FAST!
1	firm!
1	Great Images and Flexibility
1	Great Images and flexibleness
0	Camera is weak, durability stinks and BEWARE if you plan on using the Bluetooth feature.
0	Camera is infirm, durability stench and BEWARE if you plan on employ the Bluetooth feature.
1	Cheap and has lots of bells and whistles
1	Cheap and has slews of bells and whistles
0	ink cartridges are a bit pricy
0	ink magazine are a bit pricy
1	small, great pictures, manual controls
1	small, outstanding pictures, manual controls
1	Infant seat attachable, great for off road use
1	Infant seat attachable, great for off road employment
1	Blow your mind pictures
1	Blow your mind fancy
1	It copies, scans and faxes
1	It copies, scans and fax
1	Decent quality printing, especially on photographic paper
1	Decent tone printing, especially on photographic paper
0	Impossible to install, impossible to print
0	Impossible to install, unsufferable to print
1	Feature rich, easy to learn and operate, great call clarity, great battery life.
1	boast rich, easy to learn and operate, great telephone clarity, great battery life.
0	Mediocre reception, quiet ring.
0	Mediocre receipt, quiet ring.
0	picture quality, terrible flash, terrible user-interface!!
0	icon quality, terrible flash, terrible user-interface!!
1	Good size, cheap price, nice interface
1	skilful size, cheap price, nice interface
1	Fast printing and scanning. Both are good quality. Sheet feeder is great.
1	Fast printing and scanning. Both are salutary quality. Sheet tributary is great.
1	An excellent printer for the money
1	An first-class printer for the money
1	If i had to pick one it would be the large screen...when it works.
1	If i had to cull one it would be the great screen...when it influence.
1	Packed with features, good call quality, easy to use.
1	packed with features, good call quality, easy to use.
0	Controls could be simpler, could have USB instead of serial
0	ascendence could be simple, could have USB instead of serial
0	Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
0	Requires exuberant button crowd for simple tasks like text messaging.  warp sound quality with fasttalkers.
0	4mb Picture Card
0	4mb pic Card
0	batteries don't last long, (but that's normal)
0	barrage don't last long, (but that's normal)
1	Great and light weight
1	neat and light weight
1	Solid construction, attractive styling, easy-to-use
1	square construction, attractive styling, easy-to-use
0	Only 8 Mg included, no case included
0	Only 8 Mg included, no showcase included
1	Clears desk of both printer and scanner, Copier great for home use, 
1	Clears desk of both printer and scanner, Copier great for house habituate, 
1	Easy to use, high quality, versatile
1	Easy to apply, high quality, versatile
1	Superb quality. See my full review for more details.
1	brilliant quality. See my full review for more details.
0	$450 price tag
0	$450 damage tag
1	simple to use
1	unsubdivided to use
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is soundly, did I reference reception?
0	Ink cartridges can be a little hard to come by, but you can order them direct from Lexmark online.
0	Ink cartridges can be a little hard to ejaculate by, but you can rate them direct from Lexmark on-line.
0	The Display crashes
0	The display crashes
0	lack of network support
0	lack of network keep
1	Beautiful screen.
1	Beautiful sieve.
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
0	Finicky dialing (vocalisation/redial/bluetooth) that could tip to very embarassing moments, no ship to VM.
1	small size/large phonebook/feature packed
1	small size/large phonebook/feature take
0	small document tray
0	pocket-sized document tray
0	Paper tray too short
0	Paper tray too curtly
1	High quality print, individual envelope feed, infrared connection (if you have that), comes with 8 meg of memory
1	High timber print, individual envelope feed, infrared connection (if you have that), seed with eight meg of memory
1	Manual flash, automatic exposure in six differend ways, cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Stores images to a floppy disk
1	Manual twinkling, automatic exposure in six differend ways, cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;storage prototype to a floppy disk
1	changeable covers, cool look, very durable, great sound quality
1	changeable covers, cool spirit, very durable, great sound quality
1	Good picture quality
1	Good icon quality
0	Can be inconvenient when set on combination vibration and tone.
0	tooshie be inconvenient when put on combination vibration and tone.
0	Proprietary computer cable
0	Proprietary computer telegraph
0	Bad Flash
0	Bad swank
1	small and very durable.has the motorola toughness.
1	small-scale and very durable.has the motorola toughness.
0	A little slow, but it doesn't matter
0	A little easy, but it doesn't matter
0	Battery life is average at best for cell phones, but better than my old SPH-A460.
0	Battery life is intermediate at estimable for cell phones, but serious than my old SPH-A460.
1	Just about everything on this phone
1	fair about everything on this phone
1	Light, durable, and cute in a silly way.
1	Light, durable, and cute in a silly path.
0	no camera bag included
0	no camera udder included
1	good to travel  with
1	effective to travel  with
1	Quality Canon lens, great pictures, quality build and feel.
1	Quality Canon lens, great pictures, select build and feel.
1	Cheap, butt-simple, fine for most Web applications, good bundled software
1	cheap, butt-simple, exquisitely for most Web applications, good bundled software
0	Poor dpi
0	pitiable dpi
0	battery life is low
0	battery life is downhearted
1	Great Value, Compact, Asthetic, Fast, Simple.
1	Great Value, bundle, Asthetic, Fast, Simple.
1	Good colour screen, Easy, Good polyphonics, Good range of features,
1	Good colour screen, Easy, Good polyphonics, salutary run of features,
0	does not display the current time,  no games, no vibration ringer option
0	does not showing the current clock,  no games, no vibration ringer option
0	Expensive, basic features
0	Expensive, canonic features
0	I doesn't work after that
0	ane doesn't work after that
0	No light on the watch you can't tell the time at night.
0	No light on the spotter you can't tell the meter at night.
1	Good Quality Print, Inexpensive Purchase Price, Inexpensive Ink Cartridges
1	Good Quality Print, Inexpensive Purchase Price, Inexpensive Ink cartridge
1	Unique design.  High quality of image.  Expandable memory stick.
1	Unique design.  High quality of image.  Expandable memory gravel.
1	good photo quality
1	honest photo quality
1	Inexpensive, under $425.00.  Excellent quality, abundant features, extremely convenient, fast, good software. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Inexpensive, under $425.00.  Excellent prize, abundant features, extremely convenient, fast, good software. &amp;#13;&AMP;#10;&AMP;#13;&amp;#10;&A;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#thirteen;&amp;#X;&AMP;#13;&amp;#10;&ampere;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&A;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Incredible photo-quality pictures. Easy to use! USB port compatible and fast.
1	Incredible photo-quality project. slow to use! USB port compatible and fast.
1	Lightweight, durable
1	Lightweight, perdurable
1	Picture Quality, Continuous Shooting, Customizability, Pretty Good Video with Good Sound, 
1	Picture calibre, Continuous Shooting, Customizability, Pretty Good Video with Good good, 
0	BIG, not color, no expansion capability
0	BIG, not emblazon, no expansion capability
1	weight, battery life, easy to use, can be used as MODEM, voice dial, speakerphone,
1	weight, battery life, easy to usance, can be utilise as MODEM, voice dial, speakerphone,
0	Printer cable not included, cheap construction of paper rest and output tray, noisy
0	Printer cable not included, cheap construction of paper relief and turnout tray, noisy
1	Wonderful print and color quality.  Sometimes prints fast...see cons list
1	Wonderful print and color timber.  Sometimes prints fast...see flimflam list
1	High Rez, Smart Style and Features
1	High Rez, fresh Style and Features
1	Sharp vibrant 8x10s routine. Great manual controls, flash terminal.
1	Sharp vibrant 8x10s routine. Great manual ascendence, flash terminal.
1	Plenty of customisable covers; great games; voice- and one-touch dialing; durable; vibrating alert; internal antenna
1	passel of customisable concealment; great stake; voice- and one-touch dialing; durable; vibrating alert; internal antenna
1	Crisp laser; relative ease of use; low cost.
1	Crisp laser; relative ease of use; low-spirited cost.
0	Awful ink consumption!, Awful ink consumption!, Awful ink consumption!
0	awe-inspiring ink consumption!, Awful ink consumption!, Awful ink consumption!
1	Excellent Image Quality, Professional Features, Options for Lenses
1	Excellent Image Quality, Professional Features, option for Lenses
0	Lens cap keeps falling off.
0	Lens crest keeps falling off.
0	None!
0	none!
1	Low price, camera features
1	low price, camera features
0	No direct-connect headset port, dim outter display
0	No direct-connect headset porthole, dim outter display
0	tough to find non-offensive fabric, hard to fold
0	elusive to find non-offensive fabric, hard to fold
1	a trendioid's wetdream, hotness on a stick, light
1	a trendioid's wetdream, hotness on a stick, illume
0	hard to use
0	intemperate to use
1	Many features, battery life, not too big, lots of add-ons, stylish, syncing to PC
1	Many characteristic, battery life, not too big, wad of add-ons, stylish, syncing to PC
1	A stylish and affordable phone that is finally available on Sprint.
1	amp stylish and low-cost phone that is finally available on Sprint.
1	Great portable, easy to use
1	Great portable, easygoing to use
1	Light, easy to use
1	unhorse, easy to use
0	Somewhat Expensive but worth every penny!
0	jolly Expensive but worth every penny!
1	All of the bells and whistles.  The ability to take black and white or color.
1	All of the bells and whistles.  The ability to shoot black-market and albumen or color.
0	none
0	none
0	not very stylish or trendy
0	not very stylish or voguish
0	Slow zoom, Autofocus not as quick as some other digitals
0	behind zoom, Autofocus not as agile as some other digitals
0	to soft on ear peice volume and small buttons
0	to soft on pinna peice volume and small buttons
0	Eats batteries (like most cameras), some sight problems.
0	Eats batteries (like most cameras), some mickle problems.
1	Crystal clear 4MP images, 3x optical zoom, long battery life, lots of great features.
1	Crystal clear 4MP images, 3x optical zoom, long battery life, fortune of enceinte features.
1	Takes sharp, crisp digital photographs unmatched by any other digital camera
1	issue shrewd, crisp digital photographs unmatched by any other digital camera
1	Good Price
1	honorable Price
1	Price, great 3 megapixel images, Pixel mapping feature
1	damage, great 3 megapixel images, Pixel mapping feature
1	Style
1	elan
1	Great design, easy to use
1	Great excogitation, easy to use
0	Signal sometimes, No Color Exterior Display, 20 Pics Tops for Camera
0	Signal sometimes, No Color Exterior Display, 20 flick transcend for Camera
1	speakerphone, caller ID, small in size, each caller has own ringtone
1	speakerphone, caller ID, belittled in size, each phoner has own ringtone
1	Good pictures
1	Good flick
0	some manual functions, battery life
0	some manual subroutine, battery life
1	it is a light wieght phone with many options
1	it is a sparkle wieght phone with many options
1	Great Price for Canon quality. Powerful management software.
1	corking Price for Canon quality. Powerful management software.
0	not great for pictures, cartridge cost
0	not great for video, cartridge cost
1	High quality output and price
1	High quality turnout and price
0	none so far
0	none so Interahamwe
0	Battery doesn't last that long
0	Battery doesn't net that long
1	Nice Price
1	overnice Price
0	sub-par Video, horrible ring tones, a whole bunch of petulant features
0	sub-par Video, horrible ring modulate, a whole crowd of petulant features
0	almost constant paper jams on every one we own
0	almost constant paper jams on every single we own
0	customer service is rude and unhelpful
0	customer service is bad-mannered and unhelpful
0	So Small that Using the Button Area Can Often Be a Pain
0	So pocket-sized that Using the Button region Can Often Be a Pain
1	Small good digital outdoor shots
1	Small near digital outdoor shots
0	waste space.
0	blow space.
1	portable, lightweight, maneuvers like a dream, a cinch to fold
1	portable, lightweight, direct care a dream, a cinch to fold
0	not too many ringing types and more storage of numbers
0	not too many ringing typecast and more storehouse of numbers
1	inexpensive, high quality, small, quiet
1	inexpensive, high quality, small, still
1	Wow, what I've always wanted - PDA and phone in one!
1	Wow, what I've always wanted - organiser and phone in unitary!
1	Super-small, fabulous pictures, portable, efficient storage, pro-features
1	Super-small, fabulous characterization, portable, efficient storage, pro-features
1	Stylish, Small, changeable cases
1	stylish, Small, changeable cases
0	Extremely poor construction quality and customer service. Poor signal strength and reception.
0	Extremely poor twist quality and customer service. pitiable signal strength and reception.
0	poor interface, placement of buttons, overall functionality.
0	poor interface, position of buttons, overall functionality.
1	Rugged, dependable, fast printing for complex jobs
1	Rugged, secure, fast printing for complex jobs
1	Easy to use, great picture quality
1	Easy to use, majuscule picture quality
1	price, ease, disk adapter, easy to use
1	price, ease, disk adapter, wanton to use
1	Cool look, Bluetooth, global phone
1	Cool look, Bluetooth, spherical phone
0	limited zoom
0	express zoom
0	its a piece
0	its a opus
0	Slow
0	dense
0	slow startup time, blurry shots of moving objects
0	slow startup time, blurry shots of moving aim
1	easy to use, easy to transfer pictures
1	well-to-do to use, easy to transfer pictures
1	Great print quality , 4 Individual ink cartridges , Large format capabilities , Good customer phone support
1	Great print quality , 4 Individual ink cartridges , gravid format capabilities , Good customer telephone support
0	somewhat bulky in size 
0	fairly bulky in size 
1	Inexpensive, fairly good quality, works as digicam and web cam
1	Inexpensive, fairly honest quality, operate as digicam and web cam
1	Lightweight/compact, full recline, ease of fold/unfold and attractive
1	Lightweight/compact, full recumb, ease of flexure/unfold and attractive
0	possibly too small....?
0	possibly too humble....?
1	good for text documents, banners, small projects
1	good for text documents, banners, small fancy
0	Ink is expensive, envelopes seem to jam a lot      
0	Ink is expensive, envelopes seem to jam a slew      
0	low light usage
0	low promiscuous usage
0	No IR port, low quality ring tone, lag time on menu access
0	No IR port, Low quality ring modulate, lag time on menu access
0	Slow everything, flimsy feeling, requires experience and expensive: external charger not included, 
0	dull everything, flimsy feeling, requires feel and expensive: external charger not included, 
1	Web Enabled, Msn, Great Graphics, Big Screen, One touch Key Guard, Durability. On and On
1	Web Enabled, Msn, Great Graphics, boastful Screen, unrivalled reach Key Guard, Durability. On and On
0	memory card instead of floppy disk storage
0	memory card rather of floppy disk storage
1	GREAT DIGITAL 1ST CAMERA
1	GREAT DIGITAL 1ST camera
0	No games, Wireless Web
0	No games, Wireless network
1	excellent picture quality, good construction and feel, nice size
1	splendid picture quality, good construction and feel, nice size
0	horrible speakerphone quality.
0	atrocious speakerphone quality.
0	Expensive for what you actually get, bulky in size/weight.
0	Expensive for what you really amaze, bulky in size/weight.
0	VERY FRAGILE, doesnt last, Review based on 7 phones over 2 years, please read.
0	very FRAGILE, doesnt go, Review based on 7 phones over 2 years, please read.
0	no optical zoom, images blurry when taken too far away or in dim lighting
0	no ocular zoom, images blurry when taken too far away or in dull lighting
1	Sound quality.
1	effectual quality.
1	It looked nice, was appealing
1	It reckon nice, was appealing
0	Included belt clip, Hands Free is not so Hands Free
0	Included belt trot, Hands Free is not so Hands discharge
0	NO ink in the expensive OEM cartridges!
0	NO ink in the expensive OEM pickup!
0	expensive, wheels aren't great outside, other components have broken
0	expensive, wheels aren't great outside, other components have transgress
1	Great output, economical, solid build quality, good paper handling, easy setup
1	big output, economical, solid build quality, serious paper handling, easy setup
1	Easy to use, affordable.
1	Easy to habituate, affordable.
0	printing
0	print
0	slow shutter speed, battery life
0	slow shutter speed, battery living
0	Ink runs out quick
0	Ink flow out quick
1	Very inexpensive - easy to use
1	Very inexpensive - light to use
1	Battery Life. 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Convenience
1	Battery Life. 3.5&amp;quot; floppy Convenience
1	Great price.  Very easy to use.
1	Great price.  Very easy to utilisation.
0	Price
0	toll
0	size - a little larger than most
0	size - a little prominent than most
1	2MP camera with flash, mp3 player, & 3d java games.
1	2MP camera with flash, mp3 instrumentalist, & 3d java games.
1	excellent image quality, good features, falling price
1	excellent image quality, honorable features, falling price
0	is a bit expensive
0	is a chip expensive
0	poor quality control &amp;amp; poor attitude 
0	poor quality control &amp;amp; pitiable attitude 
1	Seems well built
1	look well built
0	Poor hand grip. Restrictive pricing.
0	Poor hand grip. restrictive pricing.
1	small size!, convenient and easy usability, reasonable solid performance
1	small size!, convenient and tardily usability, reasonable solid performance
1	Price, picture quality, NiMH battery life
1	Price, picture quality, NiMH battery living
0	Susceptible to jamming
0	Susceptible to wad
1	Cheap, easy to use if you stick to basics, color screen, battery life, audio
1	tacky, easy to use if you stick to basics, color screen, battery liveliness, audio
1	small, light, lots of features
1	small, light, caboodle of features
0	painted case, price
0	multicolored case, price
0	No Color Screen.
0	No colorise Screen.
1	Many different options
1	Many different selection
0	Pricey refills, cartridges dry up too fast
0	dear refills, cartridges dry up too fast
1	Sleek, Small, Color, Light, Polyphonic Rings, Games
1	Sleek, Small, coloring, Light, Polyphonic Rings, Games
0	none so far
0	none so FAR
1	Good fast quality.
1	sound fast quality.
0	Battery takes 3 hours to charge.
0	Battery takes threesome hours to charge.
0	Limited paper supply, no dual USB jack, expensive ink cartridges.
0	specify paper provide, no dual USB jack, expensive ink cartridges.
0	occasional fuzzy spots
0	occasional fuzzy spotlight
1	Small, durable, easy to customize, easy to operate
1	Small, lasting, easy to customize, easy to operate
1	Familiar software interface
1	Familiar software port
1	Good Pixs,Good Flash,Nice 3X lens, large memory w/64mb card
1	proficient Pixs,Good flashgun,Nice 3X lens, large memory w/64mb card
1	Looks nice, fun toy for kids, holds infant carseat
1	wait nice, fun toy for kids, holds infant carseat
1	Cool switchable covers
1	Cool switchable covert
1	Stylish, Small, Long lasting Battery, Interchangable Covers, Good Voice Quality, No annoying Pull Up Antenna
1	Stylish, lowly, Long lasting Battery, Interchangable Covers, Good Voice select, No rile Pull Up Antenna
0	Chromatic abberations, short zoom range, battery life
0	Chromatic abberations, short zoom grasp, battery life
1	versatility
1	versatility
0	Third party covers are crap.
0	3rd party covers are crap.
1	Sleek & sexy aesthetics, large screen
1	Sleek & sexy aesthetics, orotund screen
0	Seat doesn't recline far enough for small babies
0	seat doesn't recline far enough for small babies
1	easy to navigate, quality construction
1	leisurely to navigate, quality construction
1	Great photo quality, affordable price, not a space-hog.
1	Great pic quality, affordable price, not a space-hog.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to manipulation
1	Pocket size, great outdoor pics, rechargeable battery
1	Pocket size, peachy outdoor pics, rechargeable battery
0	weak ringtone , poor handfree & keypad & radio
0	rickety ringtone , poor handfree & keypad & radio
1	Price; has a much better lens than disposable cameras or cheap 35mm cameras.
1	Price; has a much ameliorate lens than disposable cameras or flash 35mm cameras.
0	Only holds 8 pics @640x480,Needs a flash
0	Only holds 8 pics @640x480,necessarily a flash
0	None
0	none
1	Lots of Storage, Easy to Use, and very fun.
1	Lots of reposition, Easy to Use, and very fun.
0	Battery could last longer but hey 4 days ain't bad
0	Battery could lastly longer but hey IV days ain't bad
1	Immediate pictures
1	Immediate painting
1	See Review
1	discover Review
0	Reliability (Apparently defective software locks up the phone intermittently)
0	Reliability (Apparently defective software locks up the telephone intermittently)
1	Easy Floppy, Great Zoom, &amp;amp; Easy to use.
1	well-to-do Floppy, Great Zoom, &amp;amp; Easy to use.
1	Reliable, Easy to use, long battery life
1	Reliable, Easy to utilization, long battery life
1	Price was good $263 total.  Picture quality good based on limited use.
1	Price was serious $263 total.  movie quality good based on limited use.
1	High quality, cartridges seem to last forever, convienent.
1	High quality, cartridges seem to final forever, convienent.
1	Photo Quality, SmartMedia Compatable, ease of use, battery life
1	Photo Quality, SmartMedia Compatable, ease of manipulation, battery life
1	Size, Clear print, easy to use
1	Size, Clear print, easy to expend
0	Using viewer eats up batteries.
0	Using viewer deplete up batteries.
1	Active Color
1	Active semblance
0	None, sorry!
0	None, good-for-naught!
1	Features, voice clarity, reception, camera, durability
1	feature, voice clarity, reception, camera, durability
1	Great picture quality, nice look and features
1	Great picture quality, nice look and feature
1	Great Resolution, high quality pictures, optional large storage memory sticks, rechargable battery long life
1	Great Resolution, heights quality visualize, optional large storage memory sticks, rechargable battery long life
1	Picture quality, ease of use
1	Picture quality, allay of use
0	Poor case design. Picking up phone often terminates incoming call.
0	Poor case design. beak up phone often sack incoming call.
0	paper jams
0	paper obstruct
0	could be smaller, no good covers for it
0	could be smaller, no good top for it
0	price of glossy paper for it
0	cost of glossy paper for it
0	Speed is slow on high-resolution and color graphics.
0	Speed is dim on high-resolution and color graphics.
0	No standard A/C adapter, no video outputs
0	No standard ampere/C adapter, no video outputs
1	Incredible Color, Small size, Easy cartridge loading, good price
1	Incredible Color, humble size, Easy cartridge loading, good price
1	Good software, price.
1	honorable software, price.
1	Picture quality, Twist body
1	Picture quality, whirl body
1	small size, VERY bright light, very user friendly
1	small size, real bright light, very user friendly
0	Download takes a long time
0	Download remove a long time
0	None, maybe a little slow, but for the price it is just fine.
0	None, maybe a little sluggish, but for the price it is just delicately.
0	Only a few images fit on a disk
0	Only a few visualize fit on a disk
1	Great digital images for little effort.
1	Great digital images for piddling effort.
0	Need more zoom and IBM 340 Mb Microdrive
0	penury more zoom and IBM 340 Mb Microdrive
0	batteries run low very quickly.  But that may be because I am using it constantly
0	batteries lead low very quickly.  But that May be because I am practice it constantly
1	Stunning Photos, quiet operation
1	Stunning Photos, quiet process
0	not the best quality, some jams, LOUD
0	not the right quality, some jams, LOUD
1	Lightweight, Easy access to "Quiet" Mode
1	Lightweight, slow access to "Quiet" Mode
0	No speakerphone, small keys, mediocre phonebook
0	No speakerphone, small key, mediocre phonebook
0	- Inexplicable software bugs
0	- Inexplicable software germ
1	Easy set-up and quick printing.
1	well-off set-up and quick printing.
1	Good digital camera for the price paid.
1	safe digital camera for the price paid.
1	Design, built quality, all that features
1	Design, built prize, all that features
0	A separate viewfinder would have been nice.
0	A separate viewfinder would have been decent.
0	Price of the cartridges
0	Price of the magazine
1	Compact, takes great photos
1	compress, takes great photos
0	Slow as a donkey, Expensive Ink, Expensive Paper
0	tiresome as a donkey, Expensive Ink, Expensive Paper
0	Ink tanks are moderately expensive.
0	Ink tanks are pretty expensive.
1	GREAT price, GREAT pictures
1	GREAT price, GREAT word-painting
0	Not too great detail, not too durable.
0	Not too great contingent, not too durable.
0	none so far
0	none so FAR
1	See pictures right away.
1	consider pictures right away.
0	no additional lenses, expensive batteries, not enough zoom
0	no additional Lens, expensive batteries, not enough zoom
0	A little bulky, some think pricey
0	A little bulky, some intend pricey
0	Slow serial interface, LCD hard to see in bright light.
0	tedious serial interface, LCD hard to visit in bright light.
1	Great features for the price.
1	Great features for the damage.
1	Very fast printing
1	Very quick printing
0	Price, Resolution
0	Price, result
1	Quailty Photos
1	Quailty picture
1	Lots of space, holds more weight than the others, removable basket underneath, easy to use, excellent customer service and quality.
1	wads of infinite, hold more weight than the others, removable basket underneath, easy to consumption, excellent customer service and quality.
0	No optical zoom, slow focus, no good for action flash shots.
0	no optical zoom, slow focus, no good for action ostentate shots.
0	Vibrate mode makes too much noise; Dust shows on outside display
0	Vibrate mode wee-wee too much noise; Dust appearance on outside display
1	High dpi (1200x1200)
1	richly dpi (1200x1200)
0	not mastiff-proof ;)  sometimes drops calls in a very specific area
0	not mastiff-proof ;)  sometimes throw visit in a very specific area
0	lousy battery, droped calls, terrible phone
0	lousy battery, drip calls, terrible phone
1	It's small and has many functions, and the discs hold a lot of pictures.
1	It's small and has many functions, and the discs apply a distribute of pictures.
0	Grainy images
0	Grainy icon
0	Uses batteries pretty fast. 
0	habituate batteries pretty fast. 
0	Significant noise in indoor shots when using factory settings, poor printed manual. 
0	Significant noise in indoor shooter when habituate factory settings, poor printed manual. 
1	Small, extremely versatile, easy to use.
1	Small, extremely versatile, leisurely to use.
0	ink runs out too quickly, loud, unstable, printing is terrible
0	ink escape out too quickly, loud, unstable, printing is painful
0	shutter lag, poorly written manual, menus not user friendly
0	shutter remand, poorly written manual, menus not user friendly
0	if you phone is unlocked be careful of whos name you say, you might accidently call them.
0	if you phone is unlocked be careful of whos key you say, you power accidently song them.
0	Poor picture quality
0	Poor visualize quality
0	Easily dialed accidentally.
0	easy dialed accidentally.
0	Not the same resolution as a photo but....better than a Polaroid
0	Not the same solution as a photo but....upright than a Polaroid
0	Interface lacks polish, behind on features, high price, Razr is more desirable
0	Interface lack polish, ass on features, high price, Razr is more desirable
1	Fairly fast, Good quality, Doesn't jam
1	Fairly fast, Good prime, Doesn't jam
1	Very reasonably priced. Ease of installation and use.
1	Very reasonably priced. Ease of installation and utilize.
0	Does not feel durable, earpiece volume not very loud.
0	Does not finger durable, earpiece volume not very loud.
1	Great camera...incredibly easy to use...great quality
1	Great camera...incredibly easy to expend...great quality
1	Amazing features, photos, and convenience.
1	Amazing features, photos, and appliance.
0	battery life is par, can't play mp3s, cannot add memory
0	battery life is par, can't work mp3s, cannot sum memory
1	Very Very light and small indeed, Dirt cheap, Quite stylish.
1	really Very light and small indeed, stain cheap, Quite stylish.
1	Great OS, gorgeous styling--gets looks everywhere, the price (finally)
1	Great OS, gorgeous styling--gets looks everywhere, the price (last)
0	All performance--reliability, clarity, reception, battery life, etc
0	All performance--reliability, clearness, reception, battery life, etc
1	Reliable and easy to use
1	Reliable and well-heeled to use
0	The S602 is a real power hog
0	The S602 is a genuine power hog
1	Lightweight, nice backlight, time, date displays, auto redial.
1	Lightweight, nice backlight, time, date display, auto redial.
0	CRAP CRAP CRAP
0	CRAP bullshit CRAP
0	Price, Camera is a Non-Standard size, so Camera Bag is difficult to locate
0	Price, Camera is a Non-Standard size, so camera suitcase is difficult to locate
0	expensive, eats photos
0	expensive, exhaust photos
0	no Jaguar drivers, can take a few seconds to warm up, terrible support website
0	no Jaguar drivers, can proceeds a few seconds to tender up, terrible support website
0	Can be noisy. No on/off switch,long time at top resolution. consumes a lot of ink
0	crapper be noisy. No on/off transposition,yearn time at top resolution. consumes a lot of ink
1	modules available as money permits, scans, copies, prints color/b&amp;amp;w; battery option
1	modules useable as money countenance, scans, simulate, prints color/b&amp;amp;w; battery option
0	It gets you wanting to use it alot
0	It stimulate you wanting to use it alot
1	great resolution, cheaper inks, cheap price
1	great resolution, cheaper inks, cheap Price
1	4 mega pixel, excellent quality, excellent battery life
1	IV mega pixel, excellent quality, excellent battery life
0	Carbon unit accessory sometimes takes bad pictures with it; 640x480 res has its limits
0	Carbon unit accessory sometimes bring bad visualize with it; 640x480 res has its limits
0	Terrible reception and sound, unreliable,  and too complicated.
0	frightening reception and sound, unreliable,  and too complicated.
1	fast, reliable, ink-efficient, compact, high quality image
1	fasting, reliable, ink-efficient, compact, high quality image
0	You may have to wait for the arrival
0	You may have to wait for the arriver
1	Great quality prints.
1	Great lineament prints.
1	Lightweight, with superb speakerphone
1	jackanapes, with superb speakerphone
0	Limited battery life.
0	Limited battery liveliness.
0	Inconsistent quality, delays before taking the picture.
0	Inconsistent quality, wait before taking the picture.
1	Small, quality feel, reliable, WAP.
1	Small, quality sense, reliable, WAP.
1	Beautiful output
1	Beautiful production
1	Memory storage is huge
1	Memory depot is huge
0	Slow autofocus, unfavorable flash positioning
0	deadening autofocus, unfavorable flash positioning
1	Terrific photo prints, faster than my HP 1000c and a lot less money.
1	wonderful photo prints, faster than my HP 1000c and a heap less money.
0	Very slow in taking photo
0	Very slow in conduct photo
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to role
0	none
0	none
0	Lack of interchangeable lenses.
0	Lack of exchangeable lenses.
0	Very very slow.  Noisy.  Used lots of ink. 
0	Very very slack.  Noisy.  Used lots of ink. 
1	Rugged. Dependable. Forgiving!
1	Rugged. Dependable. forgiving!
1	Sleek Styling, Memory
1	Sleek Styling, retentivity
1	great print quality. holds extra 3-color cartridge. media card slots. holds 4x6 paper.
1	great print quality. deem supernumerary 3-color cartridge. media card slots. holds 4x6 paper.
1	High Quality
1	High caliber
1	Multi-Purpose, Ease of use, Great Photo &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
1	Multi-Purpose, Ease of use, cracking Photo &amp;amp; Extremely tranquil when printing
1	simple to use. no expensive memory stick or flash card, uses 3.5" floppy
1	simple to use. no expensive memory nonplus or flash bill, uses 3.5" floppy
1	PDA/phone in a single unit, PalmOS compatibility,
1	PDA/phone in a unmarried unit, PalmOS compatibility,
1	Ultra Small Light Stylish Durable well designed - Excellent Feature Set
1	Ultra modest Light Stylish Durable well designed - Excellent Feature coiffure
1	Easy to use User Interface, Compact Size, Great picture quality
1	Easy to use User Interface, Compact Size, Great see timbre
0	Product is not available on line
0	Product is not available on stemma
1	small slim size is good.  it takes decent pictures.
1	small slim size is good.  it takes decently pictures.
1	Feature rich phone, ease of use,good screen size, and what a price!
1	Feature full-bodied phone, ease of use,good screen size, and what a toll!
1	Good quality images with the excellent color that I've come to expect from Canon products
1	Good choice prototype with the excellent coloration that I've come to expect from Canon products
0	Printer drivers are a joke.
0	Printer drivers are a jocularity.
1	rugged and reasonable
1	furrowed and reasonable
1	fit-shirt-pocket size, reasonable price, pop-up flash, all-aluminium body
1	fit-shirt-pocket size, fairish price, pop-up flash, all-aluminium body
0	No cable and web-connectivity from SprintPCS, over three-months now.
0	No telegraph and web-connectivity from SprintPCS, over three-months now.
1	everything
1	everything
1	Great quality printing
1	keen quality printing
0	viewfinder, lens cap, feels toy-ish
0	viewfinder, lens cap, palpate toy-ish
1	No internal memory (uses cards), lightweight, compact, easy to use
1	No intimate memory (uses cards), lightweight, compact, easy to utilization
0	flash inconsistent, takes dark pictures
0	flash inconsistent, film dark pictures
0	battery life can be short sometimes but it only takes 2 batteries
0	battery sprightliness can be short sometimes but it only takings 2 batteries
1	tons of them
1	oodles of them
0	I haven't discovered any!
0	I haven't name any!
0	none
0	none
0	Poor quality color printing, can't use rebate
0	Poor quality color printing, can't practice rebate
1	large, clear LCD
1	large, authorize LCD
0	not the very highest in image resolution.
0	not the very gamy in image resolution.
1	Easy, light-weight, great pictures for little money.
1	Easy, light-weight, groovy pictures for little money.
0	Impossible to take pictures in the dark even with flash. Batteries die fast. 
0	Impossible to fill scene in the dark even with flash. Batteries die fast. 
0	The automatic document feeder has learned how to chew up paper.
0	The automatic document birdfeeder has watch how to chew up paper.
0	Yields Dark Images Occasionally
0	Yields Dark image Occasionally
0	Not great battery life, Cannot put any lenses on it
0	Not majuscule battery life, Cannot redact any lenses on it
1	GREAT, CLEAR pictures, 16MB xD card, Easy modes, Optical Zoom, Features.
1	GREAT, clearly show, 16MB xD card, Easy modes, Optical Zoom, Features.
1	Ease of operation and handling.
1	Ease of operation and treat.
0	never worked for me to try it out
0	never forge for me to try it out
0	Win2k operation problems.
0	Win2k operation job.
0	Pricey
0	costly
0	Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
0	sluttish to breakage/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
0	Disappointing.  Poor low-light capabilities; sporadic quality of images.
0	Disappointing.  Poor low-light capabilities; sporadic quality of image.
0	drains batteries quickly
0	drains batteries speedily
0	Poor image quality
0	Poor effigy quality
1	Best phone since Startac
1	just phone since Startac
1	High quality pictures, easy to use, FAST
1	High quality icon, easy to use, FAST
1	Cute little blue camera
1	Cute footling blue camera
0	Slow photo-quality speed
0	deadening photo-quality speed
1	movie mode/ rotating LCD screen/memory stick
1	movie mode/ circumvolve LCD screen/memory stick
0	setup took some extra work (on a printer server), ink expensive
0	setup lead some extra work (on a printer waiter), ink expensive
0	bulky, expensive
0	bulky, expensive
0	This is the absolute worst phone or phones I ever owned
0	This is the absolute speculative ring or phones I ever owned
1	very affordable, high quality imaging
1	very affordable, high quality tomography
0	my 4th canon in 3 years
0	my 4th canon in 3 geezerhood
1	Great look and value
1	Great seem and value
1	Don't Hesitate
1	Don't hesitate
0	Speed Dial can only have 8 phone numbers
0	Speed Dial can only have viii phone numbers
1	great reception, sound, it is reliable, and the battery lasts a long time.
1	keen reception, fathom, it is reliable, and the battery lasts a long time.
0	Lens Cap faulty, Auto Focus not always working, meager 16Mb xD Card
0	Lens Cap faulty, Auto centering not always working, meager 16Mb xD posting
0	More $$ than the cheapo brands
0	More $$ than the cheapo post
1	compact, lightweight, flip-phone with camera
1	thickset, lightweight, flip-phone with camera
0	This camera goes through batteries!   Also, the flash takes too long to re-charge. 
0	This camera rifle through batteries!   Also, the flash takes too retentive to re-charge. 
1	Small, Compact Size, Fits almost anywhere. low price, 
1	Small, Compact Size, Fits almost anywhere. depression price, 
1	prints fairly fast, cartridges easily changed
1	prints moderately fast, cartridges easily changed
1	Excellent combination of phone/PDA functionality
1	Excellent combination of earpiece/PDA functionality
1	Neat camera and video.
1	groovy camera and video.
0	Not the best digital camera available.  No flash.
0	Not the practiced digital camera available.  No flash.
0	The strap is made for a right handed person, the lens cap could be made better.
0	The flog is form for a right handed person, the lens cap could be made break.
1	 *Easy setup&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Small Footprint.&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Quiet&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Excellent print quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Fast&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Toner Lasts forever&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Great price!
1	 *Easy setup&amp;#13;&amp;#x; *Small Footprint.&A;#13;&amp;#10; *smooth&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Excellent print quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *quick&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Toner finish forever&amp;#thirteen;&amp;#10; *bully price!
1	Price, quality, size
1	Price, quality, sizing
1	Good print quality.
1	Good print character.
0	Slow, Unstable software drivers, Bad paper handling, No seperate ink tanks for each colour
0	dull, Unstable software drivers, Bad paper manipulation, No seperate ink tanks for each colour
1	Good Quality, Great Price, Fast Printing!
1	Good Quality, corking Price, Fast Printing!
1	Sound Quality. Battery Life. Nice size and feel. Web Access. 2 way email.
1	Sound Quality. Battery Life. Nice size and flavour. network Access. 2 way email.
0	Price ($100), additional for case, voice activation features not practical
0	Price ($100), additional for pillowcase, voice activation characteristic not practical
1	Good phone when it not broken.
1	Good phone when it not confused.
0	Tendency to reboot itself, awkward button locations
0	Tendency to boot itself, awkward button locations
1	There are absolutely no redeeming features about this phone.
1	There are perfectly no redeeming features about this phone.
0	Small Paper Feed, Noisy
0	pocket-sized Paper Feed, Noisy
1	Prints documents fast
1	publish documents fast
0	cleaning is a bit tricky, all the settings for the different prints confusing
0	clean is a bit tricky, all the settings for the different prints discombobulate
1	Cost, separate ink cartridges
1	Cost, reprint ink cartridges
0	Keypad is tricky sometimes, size can be challenging.
0	Keypad is knavish sometimes, size can be challenging.
0	Pricey (thought not beyond reason)
0	Pricey (guess not beyond reason)
1	Low cost and light weight
1	crushed cost and light weight
1	Small, easy to use, takes great pictures!!
1	Small, comfortable to use, takes great pictures!!
0	Headset jack, inputting phone numbers, 'goodbye' message when shutting off phone.
0	Headset jack, inputting phone numerate, 'goodbye' message when close off phone.
0	It is too easy to accidentally erase photos.
0	It is too easily to accidentally erase photos.
0	Poor battery, terrible UI, navigation buttons are clumsy, heavy, fragile,
0	Poor battery, dreadful UI, navigation buttons are clumsy, fleshy, fragile,
0	USB cord not included, loud mechanism, poor web drivers. 
0	USB cord not included, gimcrack mechanism, poor web drivers. 
1	Great print quality, holds up under frequent use
1	Great print quality, adjudge up under frequent use
0	Slightly larger size
0	Slightly magnanimous size
1	Cheaper than Ink Cartridges!! 1200 x 1200 dpi printing, Nice Photo Printing
1	garish than Ink Cartridges!! 1200 x 1200 dpi print, Nice Photo Printing
0	Still pricey
0	stock-still pricey
1	Good phone, very compact
1	upright phone, very compact
0	Must have at least two fully charged batteries to get the most out of it.
0	Must have at least deuce fully charged shelling to arrest the most out of it.
1	The best Vision phone available to date!
1	The better Vision phone available to date!
1	price, 3x optical zoom, good features, ease of use, easily navigable buttons, compact, picture quality
1	price, 3x optical zoom, skilful features, ease of enjoyment, easily navigable buttons, succinct, picture quality
1	Epson name is respected; inexpensive photo quality printer; excellent directions &amp;amp; easy set-up
1	Epson name is well-thought-of; inexpensive pic quality printer; excellent directions &amp;amp; easy set-up
0	Poor battery life, 8mb memory card inadequate, and flimsy coverings.
0	Poor battery life, 8mb memory lineup inadequate, and slight coverings.
0	Battery Life.
0	Battery animation.
1	Easy to use.  
1	well-situated to use.  
1	Good size and feel.  Attractive.
1	Good size and find.  Attractive.
1	Trendy, Tough AND Unique
1	Trendy, hoodlum AND Unique
0	Sometimes overexposes on auto settings. Software bundle outdated.
0	Sometimes overexposes on auto settings. Software pack outdated.
1	Lightweight, affordable
1	lightweight, affordable
1	Ease of use, very good pictures inside with no movement
1	simpleness of use, very good figure inside with no movement
1	Very user-friendly.
1	very user-friendly.
1	1.8f lens, AA batteries, excellent quality images
1	1.8f lens, AA batteries, excellent quality epitome
1	Excellent pictures, great battery life, ease of use
1	Excellent pictures, great battery life, ease of utilisation
0	weak LCD display, slow processing speed, no battery meter
0	weak LCD presentation, slow processing speed, no battery meter
1	There are no pros!!
1	thither are no pros!!
0	NONE
0	none
1	great design, user-friendly
1	dandy design, user-friendly
0	Available Only Through Nextel, Bulkier than Samsung
0	Available simply Through Nextel, Bulkier than Samsung
0	not a "name brand"
0	not a "name denounce"
1	The most capability for the cost; lowest cost per page, automatic sheet feeder, built-in scanner, ability to use just a parallel port.
1	The most capability for the price; lowest price per page, automatic sheet feeder, built-in scanner, ability to expend just a analog port.
1	Small, nice camera, video (T-mobile) has real LCD screen. Lots of storage, clear speaker phone.
1	Small, nice camera, video (T-mobile) has real LCD screen. mickle of repositing, unclouded speaker phone.
0	Stiff "1" key, which requires wearing-in. Difficult to open.
0	besotted "1" key, which requires wearing-in. Difficult to open.
1	price, performance
1	price, execution
0	multiple page pickup. paper skews are often if not picked up properly
0	multiple pageboy pickup. paper skews are often if not peck up properly
1	great quality
1	heavy quality
1	Great in Analog only areas Quick to find Digital when available.
1	Great in Analog only sphere spry to find Digital when available.
1	Several Different Modes Available with excellent quality photos and videos
1	Several Different way useable with excellent quality photos and videos
1	Price, easy set up, excellent print quality
1	Price, easy hardened up, excellent print quality
1	Good value cam for 1-megapixel camera
1	unspoilt value cam for 1-megapixel camera
0	Print quality doesn't last that long.
0	Print quality doesn't lastly that long.
0	can only use either black OR color cartridge at one time
0	can only habit either black surgery color cartridge at one time
0	not photo quality
0	not pic quality
1	Cheap, it was very affordable
1	punk, it was very affordable
1	The phone is comfortable and easy to use long battery life
1	The phone is well-heeled and easy to use foresighted battery life
0	can't think of one.
0	can't think of matchless.
0	batteries go quick
0	batteries choke quick
1	Two features in one. GSM network.
1	Two boast in one. GSM network.
0	None encountered
0	None chance
1	Backlit blue screen, Ease of use, durability
1	Backlit blue screen, Ease of habituate, durability
0	cost. 32mb memory stick is a joke.
0	cost. 32mb memory stick is a prank.
0	Not-so-good pix, more memory means slower startup, autofocus hates dim light
0	Not-so-good pix, more memory means dull startup, autofocus hates dim luminousness
0	No offered by all plans
0	No offered by all project
1	Reasonable price, zoom capabilities
1	Reasonable price, whizz capabilities
0	Very poor reception, unsupportive customer service
0	Very poor reception, unsupportive customer overhaul
0	Eats a lot of batteries
0	Eats a set of batteries
0	serial photo download, large physical size, control buttons touchy.
0	serial photo download, declamatory physical size, control buttons touchy.
0	I don't like the fact that I cannot access the web hardly anywhere.
0	I don't like the fact that ace cannot approach the web hardly anywhere.
0	Big and slow.
0	Big and obtuse.
1	Compact, free-angle LCD, optical zoom, memory stick media, movie mode with sound.
1	thickset, free-angle LCD, optical zoom, memory deposit media, movie mode with sound.
1	small size, great quality pics
1	small size, great quality movie
1	menus, text-messages, durability, battery-life, ease of use
1	menus, text-messages, durability, battery-life, ease of consumption
1	Like all nokias, colored, buttons (I liked them)
1	ilk all nokias, colored, buttons (I liked them)
0	The circular keypad is a little ... different.
0	The circular keypad is a little ... dissimilar.
0	None thus far.
0	None frankincense far.
0	Slow and seems to use up black ink quickly.
0	Slow and seems to utilize up black ink quickly.
0	a little expensive
0	a lilliputian expensive
1	FREE!, fantastic reception, great battery, color screen, polyphonic ringtones, Java games
1	devoid!, fantastic reception, neat battery, color screen, polyphonic ringtones, Java games
1	Cheap Cartridges
1	gaudy Cartridges
1	Attractive clamshell, external speaker
1	Attractive clamshell, external Speaker
0	LCD uses up batteries rather quickly
0	LCD uses up batteries rather chop-chop
1	ease, convienence
1	rest, convienence
0	larger and a little more expensive,half the pictures on disk
0	larger and a little more expensive,one-half the flick on disk
1	ANYONE can use this camera! Large LCD screen, great pics!
1	ANYONE can use this camera! prominent LCD sort, great pics!
0	Quiet earpiece, too small, tiny screen, annoying menus.
0	placid earpiece, too small, tiny screen, annoying menus.
0	Lackluster photo reproduction (to be expected in this price range)
0	lustreless photo reproduction (to be bear in this price range)
1	Feature packed, jog dial is very handy, excellent big and color LCD display
1	lineament packed, jog dial is very handy, excellent handsome and color LCD display
0	It's not worth your penny.
0	It's not deserving your penny.
0	has some problems with excel spreadsheets
0	has some job with excel spreadsheets
1	More compact than most doubles
1	More compact than most two-baser
1	Sleek and handsome looks, nicely rubberized, dual back-lighting
1	Sleek and handsome looks, nicely rubberized, threefold back-lighting
1	Great Price and Good Print Quality
1	Great Price and unspoilt Print Quality
1	5 pages per minute in black&amp;#13;&amp;#10;and 2 in color
1	5 pageboy per minute in sinister&amp;#13;&amp;#10;and 2 in color
1	Size of camera, image load time, in-camera options
1	Size of camera, picture load time, in-camera options
0	Colors stop printing, heads clog, no amount of cleaning will unclog; prints are then unacceptable
0	colorise stop printing, promontory clog, no come of cleaning will unclog; prints are then unacceptable
1	large storage compasity
1	magnanimous storage compasity
0	Included software is buggy
0	Included software is whacky
1	really small
1	rattling small
1	faily easy to use, great pictures, easily enhansed
1	faily easy to use, great project, easily enhansed
1	cost
1	toll
0	poor documentation, battery cover, tripod mount design
0	poor documentation, battery screen, tripod mount design
1	Camera never worked long enough to list pros
1	Camera never sour long enough to list pros
1	Great picture quality, compact, easy to use software included!
1	Great picture quality, compact, easy to habit software included!
0	Very fragile camera. Only 8 megs of memory, adapter and rechargeable batteries sold seperately.
0	Very fragile camera. Only VIII megs of storage, adapter and rechargeable batteries sold seperately.
0	A bit heavy for its size, freezes, screen goes backwards and upside down
0	A bit heavy for its size, freezes, concealment start backwards and upside down
0	Eats Batteries. 
0	eat Batteries. 
1	overall great looks and usability
1	overall groovy looks and usability
1	Attractive appearance
1	Attractive show
1	Quality, speed, quiet
1	prime, speed, quiet
0	A little bulky
0	A lilliputian bulky
0	Ink cartridges empty fairly fast
0	Ink cartridges empty fairly libertine
0	wait time between pictures, requires batteries
0	waitress time between pictures, requires batteries
0	No external caller ID
0	No international caller ID
0	Weak battery, low battery warning indicator.
0	Weak battery, low battery warning indicant.
1	Easy to change options, clarity of preview, great zoom quality
1	Easy to change options, clarity of preview, expectant zoom prime
0	Small buttons
0	modest buttons
1	Much better resolution than HP Deskjets
1	Much better answer than HP Deskjets
0	Recently acting up (program error), one cartridge slot only, recommend re ink kit.
0	Recently pretend up (program error), ane cartridge slot only, recommend re ink kit.
1	looks; features; price; screen
1	looks; characteristic; price; screen
1	This is the Cell Phone to have for those on the run.
1	This is the cellphone Phone to have for those on the move.
0	static in speakers in car and also bothers the computer monitor.
0	static in verbaliser in car and also bothers the estimator monitor.
1	IMAGE QUALITY!!!, Macro, AF, speed, lens ring, pretty all, , , , , , Battery, Price
1	picture QUALITY!!!, Macro, AF, speed, lens ring, pretty all, , , , , , Battery, terms
1	Fantastic Price and Solid Construction
1	Fantastic Price and solid Construction
0	Not the best quality photos, a little slow with text
0	Not the advantageously quality photos, a little dumb with text
1	One phone (GSP 1600) two phone numbers at your convenience.
1	unrivaled phone (GSP 1600) 2 phone numbers at your convenience.
1	Indiglo screen, good reception, small size, ringtones/vibrate excellent looks, easy-to-navigate menu's, price!
1	Indiglo screen, thoroughly reception, small size, ringtones/vibrate excellent await, easy-to-navigate menu's, price!
1	Walkie Talkie, Speaker phone, Battery life
1	Walkie Talkie, Speaker call, Battery life
0	Horrible quality of indoor pics, hard to delete pics
0	Horrible quality of indoor pics, gruelling to delete pics
1	Great picture quality, long battery life
1	Great picture tone, long battery life
0	short grip necessitates optional battery pack and extended grip for big hands. Exposed LCD.
0	short grip necessitates optional battery pack and extended traction for freehanded hands. Exposed LCD.
1	Sturdy, good features, easy to use and inexpensive.
1	Sturdy, proficient features, easy to use and inexpensive.
1	Sleek body, compact size, Improves on the original!!
1	Sleek body, compact size, Improves on the archetype!!
0	Thick, due to clamshell design.  Menus can be cumbersome.
0	stocky, due to clamshell design.  Menus can be cumbersome.
0	Only 1 color (Teal).  &#13;&#10;Expensive  &#13;&#10;Speakerphone feature needs work &#13;&#10;Voice recognition needs work
0	Only 1 coloring (Teal).  &#13;&#10;Expensive  &#13;&#10;Speakerphone have needs work &#13;&#10;Voice recognition indigence work
1	A ton of features
1	amp ton of features
1	Perfect for on-the-go
1	perfective for on-the-go
1	very small, great battery life, cool lighting
1	very small, gravid battery life, cool lighting
1	It's got games, a calendar, and a 199-number memory.
1	It's develop games, a calendar, and a 199-number memory.
1	It is easy to use and works on all types of surfaces.
1	It is easy to use and wreak on all case of surfaces.
0	Battery Life, Reception outside city limits
0	Battery Life, Reception outside city restrain
0	Sometimes slow to start printing as printer cycles through cartridges.
0	Sometimes slow to pop printing as printer cycle through cartridges.
1	Compact, light, durable and its a Peg Perego...
1	Compact, light, durable and its a rowlock Perego...
1	Cost efficient, dependable, great quality.
1	Cost efficient, good, great quality.
1	Great Print Quality&amp;#9;
1	Great Print Quality&ampere;#9;
0	No direct camera connection, Manual alignment
0	No organize camera connection, Manual alignment
0	Like all inkjet printers, there will be ink cost.  Time will tell if it's excessive.
0	same all inkjet printers, there will be ink cost.  time will differentiate if it's excessive.
0	So many GREAT features I can't get to them all! 
0	indeed many groovy features I can't get to them all! 
1	Good print quality
1	Good print choice
1	easy to install and use, multifunction: scan, copy, fax and color/black white printer. Print quality good. Plain paper
1	easy to install and consumption, multifunction: scan, copy, facsimile and color/black white printer. Print quality good. bare paper
0	poor quality, difficult setup, expensive ink
0	poor calibre, difficult setup, expensive ink
0	Too many to list.
0	Too many to inclination.
0	- Can't do Super Glossy prints, - Poor selection of compatible photo paper. 
0	- Can't do Super shining prints, - Poor selection of compatible pic paper. 
0	Call quality is not the best. None else!
0	Call quality is not the just. None else!
0	too many.
0	too many.
1	Bright inside display; Lots of features
1	vivid inside display; Lots of features
0	The battery life is a bit annoying.
0	The battery life is a bit irritation.
1	High quality, quick and quiet
1	luxuriously quality, quick and quiet
1	great text prints, decent color, fairly fast
1	great text prints, decent color, fairly loyal
1	Compact, see-thru cover, speakerphone
1	Compact, see-thru overcompensate, speakerphone
0	U.S.B. &amp; noise level while printing, small ink wells.
0	U.S.B. &amp; noise unwavering while printing, small ink Wells.
0	Everything
0	Everything
1	2way radio,regular phone features ,size,durability,legibility.
1	2way radio,veritable phone features ,size,durability,legibility.
0	Size
0	size
0	SLOOOW, toggle stick is squirrelly, feels cheap, etc
0	SLOOOW, toggle stick is squirrelly, feels gimcrack, etc
0	No Zoom,Red Pictures
0	No Zoom,ruby-red Pictures
0	Big, Speaker phone not too usable.
0	liberal, Speaker phone not too usable.
0	Inferior reception when compared to the older Nextel phones, high price no longer justified
0	Inferior reception when compared to the onetime Nextel phones, high terms no longer justified
1	great picture quality
1	great picture select
0	Big phone, the light feature
0	Big phone, the promiscuous feature
0	Housing feels "loose", cant change caller group graphic
0	Housing palpate "loose", cant change caller group graphic
1	Price, Simplicity, Quality
1	Price, restraint, Quality
0	slight menu lag, different battery size, battery life, headphone jack not industry standard.
0	slight menu lag, different battery size, barrage life, headphone doodly-squat not industry standard.
1	Low cost, compact flash technology
1	downcast cost, compact flash technology
0	Quiet ringer, weak vibration, no screensavers, faceplate not replacable
0	tranquil ringer, weak vibration, no screensavers, faceplate not replacable
0	Technical for the first-time camera user, really drains batteries
0	Technical for the first-time camera user, rattling drains batteries
0	No 2.5 mm plug for aftermarket headset, must use Nokia's.
0	No 2.quintet mm stopple for aftermarket headset, must use Nokia's.
1	Small, low battery use, flash, macro mode, 60 to 90 photo capacity, good software.
1	Small, moo battery usance, flash, macro mode, 60 to 90 photo capacity, good software.
1	best price/performance, uses CF storage, special accessories available
1	best price/performance, uses CF reposition, special accessories available
1	easy to use, good quality
1	easy to use, good timbre
0	somewhat small, odd shape to handle
0	somewhat small, odd shape to treat
1	Small, Super fast USB download, "Life of the party"
1	minor, Super fast USB download, "Life of the party"
1	Small, light and slick
1	Small, light-headed and slick
0	Reception, contacts and a silly screen...
0	Reception, contacts and a goofy screen...
1	Small size, great organizer schedule, better than the Samsung N400
1	Small size, great organizer agenda, just than the Samsung N400
1	beautiful prints, great workhorse printer, did I say beautiful printing?
1	beautiful impress, great workhorse printer, did I pronounce beautiful printing?
1	Still a good idea!
1	still a good idea!
1	separate ink cartridges
1	classify ink cartridges
0	Slightly soft focus in corners. Image sensor not perfectly square with camera body.
0	Slightly indulgent focus in corner. Image sensor not perfectly square with camera body.
1	PICTURE QUALITY, SIZE
1	PICTURE prize, SIZE
0	High cost of ink replacement &amp; photo quality doesn't meet my expectations.
0	High cost of ink replacement &amp; photo select doesn't adjoin my expectations.
0	Batteries seem to run down quick, flash pics stay dark until snapped.
0	Batteries seem to run down quick, flash pics stay drab until flick.
0	bulky, small memory card, succeptable to shake, heavy chromatic abberration,
0	bulky, minor memory card, succeptable to shake, arduous chromatic abberration,
1	compact, inexpensive, simple
1	covenant, inexpensive, simple
1	Floppy Disk
1	Floppy platter
0	New technology can have glitches.
0	young technology can have glitches.
1	A great all-in-one machine!
1	A peachy all-in-one machine!
1	Easy to Use, Share Photos
1	Easy to Use, Share photo
1	Battery life, excellent metering system, compact size
1	shelling life, excellent metering system, compact size
1	Nikon reputation &amp; past experience, Compact, Respectable megapixel rating, &amp; Decent price!
1	Nikon reputation &amp; past experience, Compact, Respectable megapixel range, &A; Decent price!
0	Poor quality, poor microphone
0	hapless quality, poor microphone
1	Easy to setup.  High peformance.  Excellent cost.  Beats competitors.
1	Easy to setup.  High peformance.  Excellent cost.  outsmart competitors.
0	Nothing that I can find
0	Nothing that single can find
1	EXCELLENT PHOTO'S
1	first-class PHOTO'S
0	The extensive array of dials and buttons can be confusing; image quality isn't top dog
0	The wide array of dials and buttons can be confusing; fancy quality isn't top firedog
0	battery eater
0	shelling eater
0	Blurs anything that moves and sucks in low light
0	Blurs anything that moves and sucks in depressed light
0	Poor battery life, freezes too often.
0	Poor battery life, freezes too oftentimes.
0	cannot store email addresses.
0	cannot storage email addresses.
0	Menu System, Short Battery Life, Monochrome Display.
0	Menu arrangement, Short Battery Life, Monochrome Display.
1	Size, cost, camera and video
1	Size, cost, camera and television
1	Easy to use, takes good pictures
1	Easy to use, fill good pictures
1	VERY easy to manuever because of the large tires.
1	VERY easy to manuever because of the big tires.
0	price
0	Price
0	instalation
0	instalation
1	Durability and call quality
1	strength and call quality
1	Good, solid basic inkjet printer
1	Good, substantial basic inkjet printer
0	If you forget about it, it might end up in the washing machine...
0	If you forget about it, it might remnant up in the lavation machine...
0	Lag time in focusing is sometimes lengthy.
0	Lag time in focus is sometimes lengthy.
0	Heavy, better technology is now available
0	Heavy, serious technology is now available
0	None for us
0	None for U
1	high resolution color prints, fast, easy to set up
1	high resolution color print, fast, easy to set up
1	storage medium, battery life, ease of use
1	memory medium, battery life, ease of use
1	individual ink tanks, USB or parallel
1	individual ink tanks, USB or analogue
1	Changeable housing, good talk time, strong basic features, low price tag, compact
1	Changeable housing, good talk time, strong basic features, broken price tag, pack
1	good quality phone with plenty of features
1	good quality phone with enough of features
1	A tough camera that has taken a real beating from me. 
1	A tough camera that has choose a real exhaust from me. 
1	long standby time, voice commands, compact, sleek looking, decent camera
1	long standby time, interpreter commands, compact, sleek look, decent camera
0	none
0	none
1	Good price, prints fast
1	Good price, prints debauched
0	BIG (not well-suited for sitting on the desk) 
0	heavy (not well-suited for sitting on the desk) 
0	Small front screen, buttons a little close but still perfectly usable.  Not yet sentient.
0	small front screen, buttons a little close-fitting but still perfectly usable.  Not yet sentient.
1	Does it all and does it well
1	arrange it all and does it well
1	feature packed;simple;quality output;price
1	feature carry;simple;quality output;price
1	Too few to mention
1	Too few to observe
0	Drivers eat a lot or memory resources, do not have headset
0	Drivers rust a distribute or memory resources, do not have headset
0	power button and shutter release button too close together
0	power button and shutter release button too fold together
1	Set up of printer and software easy
1	located up of printer and software easy
0	"Digital command" button poor location and irritating.
0	"Digital command" button poor positioning and irritating.
0	keypad response, too small for some
0	keypad response, too belittled for some
1	Bring anywhere, cute (people love it), fast (with small memory card) in bright light.
1	bring anywhere, cute (people love it), dissolute (with small memory card) in bright light.
0	difficult to maneuver
0	hard to maneuver
0	Poorly built in some areas.
0	Poorly make in some areas.
0	Somewhat Slow Speed
0	Somewhat irksome Speed
0	Pricey ink. Slow duplex unit.  Usual HP print driver problems.  Small glitches.
0	Pricey ink. obtuse duplex unit.  Usual HP print driver problems.  pocket-size glitches.
0	Handling can be awkward...offset tripod mount. 
0	plow can be awkward...offset tripod mount. 
1	Beautiful Machine
1	beautiful Machine
0	Antenna is awkwardly big, expensive!
0	Antenna is awkwardly bountiful, expensive!
0	Signal, Connection, Small buttons, cheap make, easily dented/scuffed, no speakerphone
0	Signal, Connection, Small buttons, trashy give, easily dented/scuffed, no speakerphone
1	By far the best features and accessories for the price
1	aside far the dependable features and accessories for the price
0	sometimes won't connect(I think this is AllTel not the phone)
0	sometimes won't tie(I recollect this is AllTel not the phone)
0	They are bulky
0	They are bulky
0	International Roaming is Expensive
0	International tramp is Expensive
1	easy and efficient/durable
1	sluttish and efficient/durable
0	Will never buy another nokia
0	Will never purchase another nokia
0	Lens cap not attached, minor design flaws. Not good for impromptu shots.
0	Lens cap not connected, minor purpose flaws. Not good for impromptu shots.
0	None yet
0	None hitherto
0	bulkier than other models
0	bulkier than other manakin
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
0	Can't use it as a modem or channelise ringtones or wallpaper, weak external concealment
0	Very expensive if purchased at full price.
0	Very expensive if purchased at wide-cut price.
1	The ink is seperate, making it cheaper to replace just black ink. Versatile.
1	The ink is seperate, fix it cheesy to replace just black ink. Versatile.
0	Lots of what I consider "basic options" missing or hard to use.
0	bunch of what I consider "basic options" missing or hard to expend.
0	cost of cartridges
0	price of cartridges
0	battery life, case, no movie sound
0	battery aliveness, case, no movie sound
1	lightweight;drives smoothly; attractive design
1	lightweight;drives smoothly; attractive purpose
0	low battery life
0	scurvy battery life
0	no games, awkward menus
0	no games, awkward fare
1	Small, lightweight, lots of extras found on more expensive cameras.
1	belittled, lightweight, caboodle of extras found on more expensive cameras.
1	Ultra-compact, sturdy design, easy to use menus, good zoom, quality pictures, inexpensive memory, long-lasting battery.
1	Ultra-compact, sturdy intent, easy to use menus, skilful zoom, choice pictures, inexpensive memory, long-lasting battery.
0	bad price
0	speculative price
1	Cheap Price, Cheap Black Ink Refills
1	Cheap Price, Cheap dim Ink Refills
0	$800 is still a lot, despite that its a GREAT VALUE compared to the competition
0	$800 is nevertheless a flock, despite that its a gravid VALUE compared to the competition
1	Superb photo print quality on Epson's glossy paper; inexpensive
1	Superb photo print quality on Epson's glossy paper; cheap
1	Has many good features
1	own many good features
0	Had to use up 2 whole cartridges before it stopped printing with banding
0	Had to function up 2 whole magazine before it stopped printing with banding
1	Color Screen, Cool Style, Data Link can be used as a portable modem for  laptops.
1	vividness Screen, Cool elan, Data Link can be employ as a portable modem for  laptops.
1	Excellent screen, backlit buttons, voice tag feature.
1	Excellent screen, backlit buttons, vocalism tag feature.
0	heavier than most, shutter lag
0	big than most, shutter lag
0	Olympus customer service, camera reset &amp;quot;feature&amp;quot;, no easy way to clean SmartMedia contacts
0	Olympus customer servicing, camera reset &amp;quot;feature&amp;quot;, no easy way to fair SmartMedia contact
0	Cant  satisfy  everyone
0	slant  satisfy  everyone
1	Cheap
1	chintzy
1	Affordability. Reliability. Ease of use.
1	Affordability. Reliability. Ease of employ.
1	Looks Good
1	Looks proficient
1	Small, Smart, Tough-Skinned and a long-lasting battery.
1	Small, impudent, Tough-Skinned and a long-lasting battery.
1	Excellent camera for a great price!!!
1	fantabulous camera for a great price!!!
1	Size (Small as a pack of cigs), 3.2 mpix, metal body.  
1	Size (Small as a battalion of cigs), 3.II mpix, metal body.  
0	Tri-Mode
0	Tri-Mode
1	Please give comment
1	Please consecrate comment
0	moderate quality resolution
0	temper quality resolution
1	High quality, easy loading, takes all kinds of paper, AMAZING value, good control program.
1	eminent quality, sluttish loading, takes all kinds of paper, AMAZING value, good control program.
0	Somewhat slow to turn on, a few interface issues, battery life per charge isn't great.
0	Somewhat slow to turn on, a few interface subject, battery life per burden isn't capital.
0	Talk time not as long as advertised
0	blab time not as long as advertised
0	not tri-band (900/1800/1900); International roaming isn't cheap
0	not tri-band (900/1800/1900); International roaming isn't brassy
0	battery life, lcd screen, no viewfinder
0	barrage life, lcd screen, no viewfinder
0	Ugly color, short standby and talk time,potential flip problems
0	Ugly tinge, short standby and talk time,possible flip problems
1	Excellent Photo Quality, Very Good 4x6 Borderless, Very Good Text and Graphics
1	Excellent Photo timbre, Very Good 4x6 Borderless, Very effective Text and Graphics
0	no strap to carry with
0	no strap to take with
1	Very lightweight, large canopy, cool pattern
1	Very lightweight, enceinte canopy, cool pattern
1	small enough to fit in pocket or purse, good reception, decent battery life
1	small enough to check in pocket or purse, effective reception, decent battery life
1	Good screen, has games and can send messages.
1	Good filmdom, has games and can send messages.
0	Getting over switching from film to disk
0	Getting over switching from film to disc
1	Price, quality, user friendly
1	Price, select, user friendly
0	no speaker phone, no vibe+ring, doesn't remember time
0	no speaker phone, no vibe+surround, doesn't remember time
0	Two-way communication is not 100%, tolled long distance help line. Not compatible with Windows XP.
0	Two-way communication is not 100%, tolled tenacious distance helper job. Not compatible with Windows XP.
0	Signal isn't much better
0	Signal isn't much honest
0	High Priced Ink, Continuous Self-Cleaning, Slower than most other printers. 
0	High price Ink, Continuous Self-Cleaning, tiresome than most other printers. 
0	pic resolution not up to par as compared to 35mm. image
0	film solving not up to par as compared to 35mm. image
1	You get so much for what you pay
1	You stupefy so much for what you pay
0	Poor battery life, confusing usability
0	miserable battery life, confusing usability
1	Stylish,compact,lightweight
1	Stylish,wad,lightweight
1	Good deal
1	Good raft
0	no zoom, marginal indoor photo quality
0	no zoom, bare indoor photo quality
1	easy to use, web, color, durable,
1	well-fixed to use, web, color, durable,
1	lightweight, good battery life, good clarity, stylish, easy to use, affordable
1	lightweight, expert battery animation, good clarity, stylish, easy to use, affordable
1	small, light and loaded
1	small, light and sozzled
1	Simple to use. Decent picture quality for price.
1	Simple to use. comely picture quality for price.
0	Mediocre graphics quality, a bit noisy
0	Mediocre graphics quality, a routine noisy
0	No Sound recording. Poor software package.
0	No Sound recording. Poor software bundle.
0	none to speak of
0	none to address of
1	FAST, great graphics, USB support
1	FAST, great graphics, USB living
1	Durable, easy to find
1	durable, easy to find
1	PDA/Phone all-in-one. Handles nicely, good quality sound.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	PDA/headphone all-in-one. Handles nicely, good quality vocalize.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	Easy driver install, tough and dependable.
1	Easy driver install, punk and dependable.
1	Great Pictures!
1	nifty Pictures!
0	a bit large, cartridges are expensive, incredibly slow, all colors together
0	a bit big, cartridges are expensive, incredibly ho-hum, all colors together
1	Smaller than any other nextel, Gets same signal for its size.
1	Smaller than any other nextel, amaze same indicate for its size.
1	Relatively compact size, manual features, nice LCD, included rechargable battery
1	Relatively compress size, manual lineament, nice LCD, included rechargable battery
1	Styling, comfort, talk time (when you can stay connected)
1	Styling, comfort, talk time (when you can arrest connected)
1	decent printer
1	decent pressman
1	Nice quality for the price; lots of features 
1	Nice quality for the price; portion of features 
0	Shorter battery life?
0	Shorter battery sprightliness?
1	Handles well, attractive, both seats recline (although not fully), light compared to other doubles
1	Handles wellspring, attractive, both seats recline (although not fully), light compared to other replicate
1	Reliable, fairly easy to use. 
1	Reliable, fairly easy to enjoyment. 
1	Using mobile phone tools, take any song and make it your ring tone.
1	Using mobile phone tools, take any song and brand it your ring modulate.
1	quality
1	caliber
1	Real neat little phone
1	Real clean little phone
1	Great print outs,  Exceptionaly quiet
1	Great print outs,  Exceptionaly quieten
0	Dwindling battery life.
0	Dwindling battery sprightliness.
1	speed quiet color
1	speed placid color
0	keypad is cramped
0	keypad is strangle
0	durability
0	enduringness
0	Ink Streaks
0	Ink mottle
0	none that i can think of
0	none that i can remember of
0	expensive ink cartridges
0	expensive ink pickup
1	Good initial battery, plenty of basic features, lots of ring tones, good call quality
1	Good initial battery, plenty of basic features, lots of ring tones, skilful squall quality
1	A good overall phone.  Excellent reception, loud ringtones, beautiful inner display.
1	angstrom thoroughly overall phone.  Excellent reception, loud ringtones, beautiful inner display.
1	Light Weight, Sleek, Good standby and talk time, quick charging, convenient navigation
1	luminosity Weight, Sleek, Good standby and talk clip, quick charging, convenient navigation
1	Great pics, no waste.
1	nifty pics, no waste.
0	No cable, problems with VIATech chipsets.
0	No telegraph, problems with VIATech chipsets.
0	Camera light's a joke.  Buddy's a rat.  What, all this stuff and no Bluetooth?
0	Camera light's a jest.  Buddy's a rat.  What, all this engorge and no Bluetooth?
0	-No flash, -Cheap Software, -Poor Construction, -Poor Picture Quality, -Doesn't work with my computer, 
0	-No meretricious, -Cheap Software, -Poor Construction, -Poor Picture Quality, -Doesn't wreak with my computer, 
1	Great battery life, easy to use, many features
1	Great battery life, easy to use, many feature
1	Looks cool, great sound quality, nice menu system.
1	Looks cool, great sound quality, squeamish menu system.
0	A lot of people have the same phone.
0	A allot of people have the same phone.
1	Good reception, bluetooth.
1	safe reception, bluetooth.
1	absolutly none
1	absolutly none
0	Not for high resolution photography.
0	Not for high solvent photography.
0	AWFUL BATTERY LIFE, clumsy software full of bugs
0	AWFUL BATTERY LIFE, clumsy package full of bugs
1	Nice colored case if you like beige
1	Nice bleached case if you like beige
1	Easy, Small, Light, Good Quality pics, 2.0 megapixel, Power save, Auto everything!
1	sluttish, Small, lighter, Good Quality pics, 2.0 megapixel, Power save, Auto everything!
0	Poor storage, expensive
0	Poor depot, expensive
0	Battery life isn't exact, only 256 colors on screen
0	Battery life isn't exact, only 256 colourise on screen
1	Durable, light and easy to use.
1	Durable, light and promiscuous to use.
1	Excellent picture quality, Good battery life, Plenty of manual options 
1	Excellent picture quality, Good battery life, batch of manual choice 
1	Great price~performance ratio, excellent image quality.
1	slap-up price~performance ratio, excellent image quality.
1	Size, portability when necessary.
1	size, portability when necessary.
1	HP top-shelf brand history cannot be denied!  Low price.  Separate print cartridges.
1	HP top-shelf marque history cannot be denied!  moo price.  Separate print cartridges.
0	cartridge cost,color fade,print quality
0	cartridge cost,color fade,print timber
0	LCD is in a bad place, I touch it with my thumb every now and then
0	LCD is in a regretful piazza, I tint it with my thumb every now and then
0	no clock
0	no time
1	Ease of use, vibrant color
1	Ease of use, vibrant distort
1	Good Quality, Good on Ink, FAST!
1	Good Quality, Good on Ink, riotous!
1	Affordable, high quality pictures, easy to use.
1	Affordable, high quality pictures, easy to utilize.
1	Ease of use and low long range cost
1	Ease of use and low long rate cost
0	Lens cap is difficult to get back off.
0	Lens cap is difficult to amaze back off.
1	Works Well In Average Light Rooms.
1	study Well In Average Light Rooms.
1	It has an on-off switch, price
1	It has an on-off switch, damage
0	Short Battery Life, Expensive
0	curt Battery Life, Expensive
0	non yet!
0	not yet!
1	Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
1	Good reception and call clarity, speakerphone, 1.deuce-ace megapixel camera
1	many advanced features, multi-entry phonebook, voice dialing, calendar/PIM, large screen
1	many advanced sport, multi-entry phonebook, articulation dialing, calendar/PIM, large screen
1	Ease of use, image quality, price
1	Ease of use, project quality, price
1	Size, Price, Picture Quality, Features
1	Size, Price, show Quality, Features
0	Flimsy
0	tenuous
0	Large, bulky, crooked paper feed, flimsy output tray
0	Large, bulky, crooked paper eat, flimsy output tray
0	totally unreliable
0	completely unreliable
1	Reception, voice clarity, size and it just plain looks good!
1	Reception, representative clarity, size and it just quetch looks good!
0	The instruction book was hard to understand on formatting new media cards (I thought)
0	The instruction reserve was hard to understand on formatting new media carte (I thought)
1	Price. Photo quality. Features.
1	Price. Photo timber. Features.
0	This phone has many issues!
0	This phone has many yield!
1	Incredibly thin, great display, intuitive menu systems
1	Incredibly dilute, great display, intuitive menu systems
1	Big color screen, size, flip phone, speaker feature, and color pad.
1	enceinte color screen, size, flip phone, speaker feature, and color dramatise.
1	Fully reclines, easy to maneuver, compact, easy to open/collapse, will last for many children.
1	Fully reclines, tardily to maneuver, succinct, easy to spread/collapse, will last for many children.
1	Price
1	toll
0	short battery life
0	shortstop battery life
1	Lg screen w/ good resolution, easy to use
1	Lg screen watt/ good resolution, easy to use
0	Antennae does not stay locked down when not in use.
0	Antennae does not stay lock down when not in manipulation.
0	Runs out of ink very fast. Expensive to change cartridge.
0	bunk out of ink very fast. Expensive to transfer cartridge.
1	It was free after the rebate
1	It was innocent after the rebate
0	Overcompensated white balance issues in certain types of lighting
0	Overcompensated white balance number in certain types of lighting
1	Good quality output
1	commodity quality output
1	Price, Print Quality
1	price, Print Quality
0	uses battery quickly, comes with a lousy memory card
0	uses battery quickly, comes with a lousy memory tease
0	Only Windows compatible, a bit noisy, no On/Off button, no manual paper feed slot
0	lonesome Windows compatible, a fleck noisy, no On/Off button, no manual paper eat slot
0	Tray 1 output feed causes loss of desktop space
0	Tray 1 production feed causes loss of desktop space
1	Easy to Use, takes good picture and videos
1	Easy to Use, conduct good picture and videos
0	Antenna is kind of flimsy, doesn't look as cool as my Star-tac.
0	Antenna is kind of tenuous, doesn't looking as cool as my Star-tac.
1	good service, voice tags, assigned ring tones
1	good service, voice tags, assigned mob tones
1	Clear display, loud and clear sound, intuitive menus
1	Clear display, loud and pass sound, intuitive menus
1	Clarity, Speakerphone, Phone Book, Voice Dial and Ring, Battery Life,Size
1	Clarity, Speakerphone, Phone Book, Voice Dial and Ring, shelling biography,Size
0	Horribly slow when printing high res color documents
0	Horribly slow when printing high ray color documents
0	not for novices
0	not for tyro
1	Easy to use, good service, cool features
1	Easy to use, effective service, cool features
1	The ease and simplicity of getting pictures to your computer.
1	The ease and simplicity of capture ikon to your computer.
0	Ring is a little low (I don't always hear it in my handbag).
0	Ring is a little modest (I don't always learn it in my handbag).
1	Small size, great feature set for the price.
1	lowly size, great feature set for the price.
1	Put it in your pocket and you won't even notice it's there.
1	Put it in your pocket and you won't fifty-fifty notification it's there.
0	telescoping Antenna
0	telescoping aerial
0	The manual
0	The manual
0	Manual operation and resolution is over-rated.
0	Manual operation and result is over-rated.
0	none yet
0	none notwithstanding
1	Durability, size, speaker phone, color, clarity, Bluetooth, GPS.
1	Durability, size, speaker phone, colouring, clarity, Bluetooth, GPS.
0	low quality colour prints, short cable
0	low quality colour prints, unforesightful cable
1	Agreat lightweight phone
1	Agreat lightweight ring
0	Easy to lose
0	slow to lose
1	Great price, high quality
1	Great price, high tone
0	Noise, lowered quality over time.
0	Noise, glower quality over time.
1	Fairly inexpensive, good laser-quality print.
1	Fairly inexpensive, expert laser-quality print.
1	Voice-dial works well.  Good battery life. Phone-PDA integration is ok
1	Voice-dial works intimately.  expert battery life. Phone-PDA integration is ok
0	Battery Life
0	Battery liveliness
0	Screen is hard to read.  No protective cover.
0	Screen is hard to read.  No protective cross.
0	Flimsy, terrible LCD, horrid signal
0	Flimsy, fearsome LCD, horrid signal
1	Thin, light weight, good reception, clear sound, great speakerphone
1	Thin, light weight, just reception, clear sound, great speakerphone
1	Small and suprisingly heavy!
1	Small and suprisingly lumbering!
1	incredibly easy to use, very light
1	fantastically easy to use, very light
1	Incredibly fast black &amp; white printing.  VERY cheap for what you get.
1	Incredibly fast black &amp; white impress.  VERY garish for what you get.
0	no zoom, lag
0	no zoom, remand
0	UNSTABLE! Low seat, uncomfortable ride, small basket, doesn't stand when folded,
0	UNSTABLE! low-pitched seat, uncomfortable ride, small basket, doesn't standstill when folded,
0	early revisions had LCD problems, features overshadowed by newer models
0	other rescript had LCD problems, features overshadowed by newer models
1	Easy to use and install cartridges.
1	Easy to utilisation and install cartridges.
1	Quiet, good text printing performance
1	Quiet, good text impress performance
0	clogs, eats ink, poorly labeled buttons, difficult to use
0	clogs, eats ink, poorly labeled buttons, difficult to enjoyment
0	slightly bulky, immature wireless sync features, poor calendar integration, mediocre ergonomics
0	somewhat bulky, immature wireless sync characteristic, poor calendar integration, mediocre ergonomics
1	Small, great reception, great battery life
1	small-scale, great reception, great battery life
1	Size, Functionality, Wow-Factor
1	sizing, Functionality, Wow-Factor
0	Uses expensive Sony Memory Stick.
0	Uses expensive Sony Memory stupefy.
0	Lots of menus, somewhat complicated to navigate, Battery life, bulky.
0	Lots of menus, reasonably complicated to navigate, barrage life, bulky.
0	Price. Night time pics. Welcome to the sony memory stick trap.
0	Price. Night time pics. Welcome to the sony retention perplex trap.
0	Slow, but it's an ink-jet - they're all slow
0	dim, but it's an ink-jet - they're all slow
0	The phone is larger then the newest most advanced phones.
0	The phone is declamatory then the newest most elevate phones.
0	Screen color is limited, vision content is lacking
0	covert color is limited, vision content is lacking
0	worst user interface of any phone I have ever used
0	defective user interface of any phone I have ever put-upon
1	3.34MegaPixels, 3x Optical, 4x Digital, video+sound, Interchangeable lenses.
1	iii.34MegaPixels, 3x Optical, 4x Digital, video+good, Interchangeable lenses.
1	Easy to use, durable, good resolution, memories for a lifetime
1	Easy to use, durable, dependable resolution, storage for a lifetime
1	The clock is always right. When the display isn't showing "LOOKING FOR SERVICE"
1	The clock is always right. When the display isn't usher "LOOKING FOR serve"
1	easy setup; easy to use; significant rebate
1	easy setup; easy to utilization; significant rebate
1	Disk use
1	harrow use
0	fragile antenna, that awful low battery signal
0	delicate antenna, that awful low battery signal
0	poor reception, hinge is not durable, ringer is not loud enough.
0	poor reception, hinge is not durable, toller is not forte enough.
0	Everything else
0	Everything else
0	Somewhat large / heavy, no protective lens filter, 8MB memory - cannot hold TIFF image
0	slightly large / heavy, no protective lens filter, 8MB memory - cannot obtain TIFF image
0	low MP at only 2.1 the viewfinder to small
0	first MP at only 2.1 the viewfinder to little
1	Picture quality less than film-perfect.  Remember, though-it's a WATCH, for goodness sake.
1	fancy lineament less than film-perfect.  Remember, though-it's a WATCH, for goodness sake.
1	Very fast, sturdy, has large paper tray, reasonable price.
1	real fast, sturdy, has large paper tray, reasonable price.
1	fast printing, very high quality print and scans, can be optimized to paper type
1	fast printing, very high tone print and scans, can be optimized to paper typewrite
0	Unrealible, cartriges empty quickly, fairly slow printing
0	Unrealible, cartriges empty quickly, pretty slow printing
0	Cars+cell phone= possible wreck
0	gondola+cell phone= possible wreck
0	A little shaky due to lamp heads warming up. Ink used up quickly.
0	A little wobbly due to lamp heads warming up. Ink secondhand up quickly.
0	1 year it didn't turn on again.
0	1 class it didn't turn on again.
1	Does a lot
1	dress a lot
1	size, flip
1	size, summersault
1	camera phone & it was free,
1	camera phone & it was devoid,
0	none that i noticed
0	none that i acknowledge
1	Small camera with the smallest underwater housing
1	Small camera with the smallest underwater lodging
1	Great pictures, Zoom features, protective covering on the lens.  Easy point and shoot picture taking.
1	Great exposure, Zoom features, protective covering on the lens.  Easy pointedness and shoot picture hold.
1	Price, USB, Size of Camera
1	damage, USB, Size of Camera
1	There are wonderful options that you just can't get on other cameras.
1	There are rattling options that you just can't capture on other cameras.
0	Uses ink quickly, small software bundle
0	Uses ink quickly, low software bundle
0	A little bulkier than other phones out there, pricey
0	A trivial bulkier than other phones out there, pricey
0	price (will soon be obsolete), optical viewfinder, durability and quality
0	price (will soon be obsolete), visual viewfinder, durability and choice
0	Serial rather than USB connection
0	successive rather than USB connection
1	Price, quality, ease of use
1	Price, quality, ease of employ
0	It does not come with a case or a flash
0	It does not cum with a sheath or a flash
1	Very Fast Printing for Both Text and Graphics, Mac and PC Compatible.
1	real Fast Printing for Both Text and Graphics, macintosh and PC Compatible.
0	limited photographic composition 
0	limited photographic constitution 
0	unusable in low signal areas, easy-to-scratch display
0	unusable in blue signal areas, easy-to-scratch display
0	Pricey accessories. No standard headphone jack.
0	Pricey accessories. No standard headphone labourer.
1	Trendy-looking, well-finished, high resolution screen color
1	Trendy-looking, well-finished, high resolution screen colouring
1	Fax, scan, copy, color printing all in one affordable unit
1	Fax, skim, copy, color publish all in one affordable unit
1	Thin, sexy, bright display, all the bells and whistles
1	slight, sexy, bright display, all the bells and whistles
0	TERRIBLE battery life
0	TERRIBLE battery biography
1	Crisp perfect pictures every time.
1	Crisp perfect show every time.
1	i love the menu's in part but it is no match to Nokia or Siemens.
1	i dearest the menu's in region but it is no mates to Nokia or Siemens.
1	Walkie-Talkie feature plus speakerphone
1	Walkie-Talkie characteristic plus speakerphone
1	Features, size, print quality, quiet
1	Features, size, print quality, restrained
1	Quality photos, 3.5&amp;quot; diskette media storage, 14x zoom, steady shot, auto-focus
1	tone photos, ternary.5&amp;quot; diskette media storage, 14x zoom, steady shot, auto-focus
1	Camera is not bad...takes adequate SHORT videos...sufficient talk time.
1	Camera is not bad...takes adequate SHORT TV...sufficient talk clip.
0	Worst purchase mistake in memory
0	Worst purchase slip in memory
1	Small size
1	minor size
0	None.
0	none.
0	Price
0	price
0	Battery life, candy bar design,weak structure,camera blurry, limited memory, buttons hard, slow application
0	Battery living, candy taproom design,weak structure,camera blurry, limited memory, buttons firmly, slow application
1	Price, ease of use, quick flash recovery, easy navigation and long battery life.
1	toll, ease of use, quick flash recovery, easy seafaring and long battery life.
1	Clear reception, Color screen, speaker phone
1	Clear response, Color screen, speaker phone
1	Quick set-up and easy to use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	flying set-up and easy to use.&AMP;#13;&amp;#10;
1	An affordable replacement that adds lacking features of previous 120 models
1	An affordable switch that sum lacking features of previous 120 models
0	Must read manual to operate properly, no AC adaptor 
0	Must read manual to function properly, no AC adaptor 
0	only black and white, fairly big
0	only disgraceful and white, fairly big
0	Haven't found one yet!
0	Haven't happen one yet!
1	analog/digital, comes with second batter, cradle, case
1	analog/digital, comes with second buffet, cradle, case
0	doesn't come with the cable
0	doesn't hail with the cable
1	excellent sound quality and battery life, lots of useful features, fun games
1	excellent sound quality and battery sprightliness, rafts of useful features, fun games
0	Hate the paper feed tray 
0	Hate the paper prey tray 
0	goes through the battery's
0	break through the battery's
1	Low cost and fast compared to many other inkjets
1	Low cost and fast equate to many other inkjets
1	cheaper rates, larger range
1	cheaper rat, larger range
1	Small
1	belittled
1	Inexpensive, durable, easy setup
1	Inexpensive, durable, promiscuous setup
0	A real battery eater!
0	A real shelling eater!
1	Very compact; can operate as a non-flip phone; text messaging
1	real compact; can operate as a non-flip telephone; text messaging
0	Drains batteries, focus problems, no TIFF file output.
0	Drains batteries, focus problems, no pettifoggery file output.
1	Durability & small size
1	Durability & small-scale size
0	Uses more ink than most other printers.
0	apply more ink than most other printers.
0	a bit power hungry, battery drains fast.  navigation button could use a little tweeking.
0	a bit exponent hungry, battery drains flying.  navigation button could use a little tweeking.
0	haven't found any
0	haven't notice any
1	feature-loaded; adaptable appearance; very portable; decent reception on most service types
1	feature-loaded; adaptable appearance; very portable; right reception on most Service types
1	Inexpensive, Easy to use software
1	Inexpensive, Easy to employ software
0	charging time, navigation
0	blame time, navigation
1	long life, ink cartridges last long
1	recollective life, ink cartridges last long
0	freezes up sometimes
0	immobilise up sometimes
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside sound, flunk calls, sucks over all
1	Awesome photo quality on Epson papers
1	Awesome photo quality on Epson paper
0	Sub-par quality photos, small, easy-to-scratch finish
0	Sub-par quality pic, small, easy-to-scratch finish
0	Its connections
0	Its connectedness
1	Downloads from memory card, great color and resolution
1	Downloads from memory placard, great color and resolution
0	carrying clip
0	carrying dress
0	Slow, ungreat print quality, &lt;b&gt;printer cable not included&lt;/b&gt;.
0	slow, ungreat publish quality, &lt;b&gt;printer cable not included&lt;/b&gt;.
0	first-generation bugs, expensive
0	first-generation badger, expensive
0	Does not have some standard features such as Alarm Clock, Expensive Plans
0	execute not have some standard features such as consternation Clock, Expensive Plans
1	Great signal, durable, compact
1	majuscule signal, durable, compact
1	easy use, reliable, cool colors
1	easy use, reliable, cool distort
1	Easy to use, economical!
1	easy to use, economical!
0	Lousy coverage compared to other phones. Buggy software.
0	Lousy coverage compared to other phones. roadster software.
0	Lack of AC adapter
0	miss of AC adapter
1	Lightweight Good Display Good Reception
1	Lightweight honorable Display Good Reception
0	Drops alot of calls, side buttons can operate while inside pocket.
0	driblet alot of calls, side buttons can operate while inside sack.
0	Not so good in low light, may be bulky for smaller hands
0	Not so thoroughly in low unhorse, may be bulky for smaller hands
1	HP great machine
1	HP groovy machine
1	- excellent photo quality - USB and parallel port - Good skin tones
1	- excellent photo caliber - USB and parallel port - Good skin modulate
1	Amazing features, great coverage, sturdy, good battery life, nice color screen.
1	Amazing features, great reportage, sturdy, skilful battery life, nice color screen.
1	Swiss army knife of phones, durable and reliable, price
1	Swiss army knife of phones, durable and reliable, cost
1	small size,ease of use,clear reception,color screen,
1	small size,ease of use,solve reception,color screen,
1	good design/menus/buttons
1	good design/carte/buttons
0	none
0	none
0	The price might make that mouth quite dry too...
0	The price might attain that mouth quite dry too...
1	Relatively inexpensive, easy to use, simple Finepix software
1	Relatively inexpensive, slowly to use, simple Finepix software
1	Good reliable machine for limited amount of space and money.
1	commodity reliable machine for restrict amount of space and money.
1	Great color, great quality, great service
1	Great color, big quality, great service
0	These phones just are not reliable.
0	These phone just are not reliable.
1	A very nice camera using advance technology.
1	angstrom very nice camera using advance technology.
0	slow speed, pricey, problem with focusing on close objects, need for extra memory
0	slacken speed, pricey, problem with focusing on fold objects, need for extra memory
1	Compact, free-angle LCD, optical zoom, memory stick media, movie mode with sound.
1	Compact, free-angle LCD, optical zoom, memory stick metier, movie mode with levelheaded.
0	Cleaning heads can be troublesome, no Linux support
0	Cleaning lead can be troublesome, no Linux support
1	Great signal, durable, compact
1	enceinte signal, durable, compact
1	ease of use, ease of transfer to PC
1	ease of utilize, ease of transfer to PC
0	Very Poor battery life in analog areas.
0	Very Poor battery life in analog arena.
0	A little on the heavy side for what size it is
0	A petty on the big side for what size it is
0	Warning may cause marital strife.
0	admonition may cause marital strife.
1	I liked the fact that it was a camera phone...
1	I like the fact that it was a camera telephone...
1	small, lightweight, compact, tough consruction, easy text entry
1	small, lightweight, constrict, tough consruction, easy text entry
0	size of cartridge
0	sizing of cartridge
1	small, cheap
1	minuscule, cheap
0	Still an Ink Jet.
0	quiet an Ink Jet.
1	easy to use, affordable, several nice features
1	easy to use, affordable, several nice characteristic
1	A Great 1.2Mb Digital Camera
1	angstrom Great 1.2Mb Digital Camera
1	good crisp color screen
1	well crisp color screen
0	Setup is non-intuitive using front panel.
0	Setup is non-intuitive using movement panel.
1	Battery life, Bright Screen, Lightweight
1	Battery living, Bright Screen, Lightweight
1	Excellent Photos
1	Excellent exposure
1	Versatility
1	versatility
1	very small, Good reception, Clear sound.
1	very small, just reception, Clear sound.
0	Poor battery life, kind of balky
0	Poor battery life, sort of balky
0	Unreliable charger
0	Unreliable courser
0	Memory is not upgrade able.
0	Memory is not raise able.
1	Battery life, tri-mode, phonebook size, voice dial
1	Battery life, tri-mode, phonebook size, sound dial
0	Buttons are too small.
0	Buttons are too low.
0	age
0	maturate
1	all in one, small footprint
1	all in nonpareil, small footprint
0	1. Sometimes poor reception  2. Many newer Nokia phones available
0	1. Sometimes poor reception  2. Many novel Nokia phones useable
0	Doesn't handle wind well.  The phone adapter pops off too easily.
0	Doesn't treat wind well.  The phone adapter papa off too easily.
0	Too heavy, somewhat flimsy
0	Too sound, somewhat flimsy
1	Excellent image quality
1	Excellent persona quality
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	holds both color and black cartridge, price, envelope feeder
1	grip both color and black cartridge, price, envelope feeder
0	You'll want to pick up an accessory to transfer photo images faster.
0	You'll want to pick up an accessory to conveyance photo envision faster.
1	Great tone!
1	Great smell!
1	Many great features including: Bluetooth, Infrared, Camera, MP3.
1	Many peachy features including: Bluetooth, Infrared, Camera, MP3.
0	None.
0	none.
0	everithing! this phone is just a lost of money
0	everithing! this phone is just a recede of money
1	Great tool for beginners
1	Great creature for beginners
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload pictures to your PC, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, slowly to upload movie to your PC, easy to use
0	Questions about sturdiness
0	question about sturdiness
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
0	both cameras are sorry quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, sapless vibrate
1	high resolution;built in,rechargeable battery; easy to use
1	richly resolution;built in,rechargeable battery; easy to use
1	Small, sleek, has all the basic features, works nicely, user friendly
1	Small, sleek, has all the basic features, form nicely, exploiter friendly
0	Would be better if it came w/ AC power source and Zoom upgradeability.
0	Would be effective if it came w/ AC power source and zoom upgradeability.
1	very good phone
1	very thoroughly phone
1	Compact, lightweight
1	succinct, lightweight
0	You'll lust for a lens costing more than the body.
0	You'll lust for a lens cost more than the trunk.
0	No standard ring, picture quality somewhat lacking, expensive.
0	No standard environ, picture quality somewhat lacking, expensive.
0	Small keypad, requires Bluetooth (no data cable), battery life, a bit large
0	Small keypad, requires Bluetooth (no data cablegram), battery life-time, a bit large
1	Great quality fast digital pictures.
1	Great quality debauched digital pictures.
1	 Relatively Low Cost, quality pictures, easy to use.
1	 Relatively Low Cost, quality pictures, easy to utilise.
1	Fast warmup, fast printing, both USB &amp; Parallel ports, expandable RAM.
1	tight warmup, profligate printing, both USB &amp; Parallel ports, expandable RAM.
0	no optical zoom, eats batteries like mad when viewing with LCD screen
0	no optical zoom, eats batteries like unrestrained when viewing with LCD cover
0	No  optical viewfinder, flash weak and far too close to lens
0	No  optical finder, flash weak and far too conclusion to lens
0	Quick print is horrible.
0	warm print is horrible.
0	Ink cartridges are expensive.
0	ink cartridges are expensive.
1	Easy to use, good picture quality, incredibly small size
1	Easy to habit, good picture quality, incredibly small size
1	Good quality phone at a very reasonable price
1	Good prime phone at a very reasonable price
0	Big for a phone
0	grownup for a phone
0	Does not work properly-a complete money pit.
0	Does not form properly-a complete money pit.
1	a good door stop
1	a good door stay
0	can't charge battery while camara is on
0	can't guardianship battery while camara is on
1	Print resolution, Style.
1	Print resolution, trend.
0	none
0	none
0	Ink cartridges are small, otherwise a great printer!
0	Ink cartridge are small, otherwise a great printer!
0	photo printing is not up to par
0	photo printing is not up to equality
1	Good battery life, browser, low cost accessories, good feature set
1	dear battery life, browser, low cost accessories, good characteristic set
1	High quality prints
1	High character prints
1	HUGE resolution 5 megapixel!  More zoom than average, easy to use.
1	HUGE solution 5 megapixel!  More zoom than average, light to use.
0	It is not a picture phone.
0	It is not a word-painting phone.
0	Power drains in use even when plugged into car or AC adapter.
0	office drains in employ even when plugged into car or AC adapter.
0	Bit Hard to see blurred shots on LCD screen; Nose gets in way 
0	snatch Hard to realise blurred shots on LCD screen; Nose gets in way 
1	Excellent Service, easy to find supplies, quick printer, dirt cheap
1	Excellent Service, leisurely to chance supplies, quick printer, dirt cheap
0	Kind of loud. Large foot print. 
0	Kind of meretricious. Large foot print. 
1	Color screen, tri-band operation, changeable faceplates, speakerphone
1	Color sieve, tri-band operation, changeable faceplates, speakerphone
1	Hundreds of Beautiful Photos. Various Modes making friends go Jee Whiz!
1	Hundreds of Beautiful Photos. Various Modes wee friends go Jee adept!
0	Poor build quality, reception, battery life, iTap
0	Poor build quality, reception, battery lifespan, iTap
0	poor range; poor workmanship
0	poor wander; poor workmanship
0	Poor sound quality & software
0	Poor wakeless quality & software
1	Easy to use, small, good quality
1	Easy to use, small, honorable quality
1	Easy to use. Nice and small.
1	easily to use. Nice and small.
1	Small, Cheap, Fun
1	Small, bum, Fun
0	none really
0	none rattling
0	Takes too much time to turn off
0	Takes too much time to grow off
0	Picture quality
0	ikon quality
1	Looks neat.
1	face neat.
1	Ease of  use; computer interface; quality pictures;reasonably  priced.
1	Ease of  apply; computer interface; quality pictures;reasonably  priced.
0	Can't connect to the internet.  I don't even need it to do that though.
0	Can't connect to the internet.  I don't evening take it to do that though.
1	Great glossy pictures, letters, newsletters, etc.
1	Great glossy pic, letters, newsletters, etc.
1	Inexpensive, 2 ink cartridges, easy to use...
1	Inexpensive, 2 ink cartridges, easygoing to use...
1	form factor, SmartMedia, photo quality, QuickTime movies
1	form divisor, SmartMedia, photo quality, QuickTime movies
0	graphics looks ridiculous as well as the ringtones and reception could be better
0	graphics looks ridiculous as swell as the ringtones and reception could be respectable
1	A delight to push, easy to travel and store away.
1	A ravish to push, loose to travel and store away.
1	Small Size, Easy to use
1	Small Size, comfortable to use
1	Nokia Branded; Outstanding Battery Life; WORKS AS ADVERTISED!!!
1	Nokia Branded; Outstanding Battery Life; deeds AS ADVERTISED!!!
1	reliable
1	true
0	annoying power button, not small, erratic battery performance
0	annoying power button, not pocket-sized, erratic battery performance
1	lots of features and easy to use 
1	mountain of features and easy to use 
0	Battery life and screen graphics.
0	Battery lifespan and screen graphics.
0	Flash too bright, not great for indoor photos.
0	Flash too bright, not bully for indoor photos.
0	Not much storage, zaps batteries
0	Not much depot, zaps batteries
0	eats batteries and is slow for sportsfans
0	eats batteries and is irksome for sportsfans
1	Photo quality, LCD screen, ease of use
1	Photo quality, LCD screen, allay of use
1	I can take a ton of high res pictures on 1 cd
1	I can pack a ton of gamey res pictures on 1 cd
0	Interface a little quirky
0	Interface a picayune quirky
1	hiqh quality, intuitive, and durable
1	hiqh choice, intuitive, and durable
1	1. Easy to use 2.lots of tones 3.Large variety of face plates
1	1. Easy to practice 2.stack of tones 3.Large variety of face plates
1	Quality fast quiet printing
1	Quality debauched quiet printing
1	Easy to use with great results!
1	easygoing to use with great results!
0	None
0	none
0	Ink Problems, Long Warm Up, Cleaning on Warm up does not work, Feeding problems as well.
0	Ink Problems, yearn Warm up, Cleaning on Warm up does not forge, Feeding problems as well.
1	sound quality, ringer volume, color screen, durability
1	sound quality, ringer volume, color covert, durability
1	Olympus C700 destroys the digital camera competition.
1	Olympus C700 destruct the digital camera competition.
1	Lightening speed! Prints so much cleaner w/the separate inks.
1	Lightening speed! Prints so much sporting tungsten/the separate inks.
1	Cheap, good prints, easy to use, can take a beating
1	Cheap, good prints, light to use, can engage a beating
1	1. easy to install, options and quality
1	1. easy to establish, options and quality
1	Light weight, Small, Quality JPG pictures
1	Light weight, Small, Quality JPG project
1	Great printer..little price
1	nifty printer..little price
0	not much price movement, brand is not as well known as others
0	not much price drift, brand is not as well recognise as others
0	Tech support
0	Tech sustenance
0	None.
0	none.
0	Horrendous user interface
0	terrible user interface
1	Compact, Super Hi-Res Pictures, Wide range of functions, Easy of Use
1	Compact, Super Hi-Res Pictures, all-encompassing range of occasion, Easy of Use
0	none
0	none
1	Good feature control, nice macro feature, good image quality
1	Good feature manipulate, nice macro feature, good image quality
0	a bit expensive, but well worth it
0	a flake expensive, but well worth it
0	It is a very simple phone.
0	It is a very uncomplicated phone.
1	Quality
1	caliber
1	PDA, Phone, MP3 player, all in one, and each works well
1	PDA, Phone, MP3 player, all in i, and each go well
0	Durability, Lack of Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
0	Durability, Lack of Speakerphone, Ringtones, shelling!
1	Compact, lightweight, easy to use, charge life is good.
1	Compact, lightweight, easygoing to use, charge life is good.
0	Can only take proprietary battery pack, a bit on the chubby side
0	Can only guide proprietary battery plurality, a bit on the chubby side
0	Won't print most of the time
0	Won't mark most of the time
1	cheap, color and black at the same time
1	cheap, color and black at the same metre
0	Battery life on slim battery
0	Battery living on slim battery
0	NONE since the upgrade
0	NONE since the promote
1	Very flexible, solid, and takes great shots.
1	Very flexible, solid, and conduct great shots.
0	Difficult to retrieve numbers, not user friendly
0	Difficult to retrieve numeral, not user friendly
0	none yet
0	none notwithstanding
1	Cheap Good pics in the right places
1	Cheap goodness pics in the right places
1	very clear picture, easy to use
1	very clear picture, easy to usance
0	Cannot print/scan/copy full page because it inserts its own margins
0	Cannot print/scan/copy wide Page because it inserts its own margins
1	Allows a variety of manual controls
1	Allows a multifariousness of manual controls
0	menus difficult to navigate, screen
0	menus difficult to navigate, blind
1	Color accuracy; consistent program modes
1	Color accuracy; logical program modes
1	incredible quality for low price, ease of use, expandable memory
1	incredible quality for low terms, ease of apply, expandable memory
0	Limited "gadget" features/ Ringers aren't loud / Limited battery/ Pretty big compared to others
0	limited "gadget" features/ Ringers aren't forte / Limited battery/ Pretty big compared to others
0	A little on the bulky side.
0	A short on the bulky side.
0	Short battery life, small stock memory stick.
0	Short battery life, small carry memory stick.
1	Easy to use, great features like text messaging
1	Easy to use, dandy features like text messaging
0	you need bateries
0	you motive bateries
0	- Image colours slightly pale
0	- Image colours slightly blench
0	Prompts can be a bit confusing.
0	Prompts can be a snatch confusing.
0	I don't know
0	iodine don't know
0	Its slow and produces very low quality.
0	Its slow and produces very humiliated quality.
0	Poor picture quality. No flash. Low aperture. No Zoom...and more.
0	Poor picture lineament. No brassy. Low aperture. No Zoom...and more.
0	Doesn't do well on close-ups - often blurry, flash is very bright, no fill light
0	Doesn't do well on close-ups - often blurry, twinkling is very bright, no filling light
1	Size, speed, stylish, affordable
1	Size, quicken, stylish, affordable
1	fast clear printing, easy to use
1	fast clear printing, light to use
0	Weak packaging options - must make critical decisions before purchase!
0	Weak packaging options - must fix critical decisions before purchase!
0	Just a Bit Pricey!
0	upright a Bit Pricey!
0	Lots of People Have Them
0	stack of People Have Them
1	Size, optical zoom, photo quality, price
1	Size, opthalmic zoom, photo quality, price
0	A hair expensive, even if it has great bang for the buck
0	A hair expensive, eventide if it has great smasher for the buck
0	TOO MANY FEATURES!  I Just want to take a Quality picture!
0	TOO MANY FEATURES!  I Just want to convey a tone picture!
1	Very small and easy to hold while talking, includes belt holster, nice charger
1	Very small and easy to apply while mouth, includes belt holster, nice charger
1	very fun, great resolution and picture results
1	very fun, great solving and picture results
1	Light weight, Easy to use, Great Controls, small, affordable, Multi purpose
1	wakeful weight, tardily to use, Great Controls, small, affordable, Multi purpose
1	Compact and Easy to use
1	Compact and wanton to use
0	Way to many features to learn fast!
0	Way to many features to learn degenerate!
0	IF YOU HAVE THE ROOM I WOULD SUGGEST GETTING SEPARATE UNITS FOR BETTER FLEXIBILITY
0	IF YOU HAVE THE ROOM I WOULD SUGGEST experience SEPARATE UNITS FOR well FLEXIBILITY
1	Great price 39.98 after rebate at best buy. 
1	Great price 39.98 after rebate at unspoiled buy. 
1	Great print quality, print jobs begin quickly
1	Great print lineament, print jobs begin quickly
0	many &quot;broken&quot; links/login troubles
0	many &quot;offend&quot; links/login troubles
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
1	enceinte reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, barrage lasts forever.
1	Useful cardboard box
1	Useful cardboard boxful
0	The camera was not made to be universal!
0	The camera was not made to be general!
1	3.34 Megapixels, Great Features, Super Price
1	3.34 Megapixels, cracking Features, Super Price
1	Super
1	superintendent
1	all the features
1	all the boast
0	Had to buy extra battery for vibrating, new smaller phones out
0	bear to buy excess battery for vibrating, new smaller phones out
0	- none
0	- none
1	Price
1	terms
1	quality, speed
1	quality, swiftness
0	battery life leaves something to be desired
0	battery life farewell something to be desired
0	Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
0	Poor receipt, bad screen, horrible battery life.
1	Great name brand camera for a good price
1	Great name brandmark camera for a good price
0	occasional light buzz
0	occasional idle buzz
0	Big. Takes up alot of space on my desk though.
0	gravid. charter up alot of space on my desk though.
0	occasional double-feeds, sloooooooowwwwwwwww
0	casual double-feeds, sloooooooowwwwwwwww
1	Great print quality, inexpensive, easy to use, more than fast enough for SOHO environments
1	Great print quality, inexpensive, comfortable to use, more than firm enough for SOHO environments
1	decent price, decent pictures
1	decent price, seemly pictures
0	The price is still a little high
0	The price is still a piddling high
0	Took two hours to properly install; sluggish speed (especially when scanning)
0	consider 2 hours to properly install; sluggish speed (especially when scanning)
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some characteristic useless
1	Fast!
1	tight!
0	The infamous smudge-prone case.
0	The infamous smudge-prone eccentric.
0	HORRIBLE interface, high SAR rating,  wimpy standby time, and not sexy
0	HORRIBLE interface, high SAR shit,  wimpy standby metre, and not sexy
0	limited camera specs, bulky watch
0	specify camera specs, bulky watch
1	Fast, reliable, can handle network printing, inexpensive
1	Fast, reliable, can handle net printing, inexpensive
1	copier, fax, color printer, scanning
1	copier, fax, gloss printer, scanning
0	Broke down after 4 months. Ink runs to much, paper jams.
0	fail down after 4 months. Ink bunk to much, paper jams.
0	User manual, menus not the most friendly
0	User manual, menus not the most well-disposed
1	light and easy to use
1	light and easy to exercise
1	A Starter Camera with a Great Finish! 
1	A crank Camera with a Great Finish! 
0	limited amount of pictures can be taken
0	limited amount of pictures can be strike
0	none
0	none
0	It jams after a year
0	It mess after a year
1	great price, great color prints
1	great price, keen color prints
1	ease of use; good pix
1	ease of employment; good pix
0	There are better printers out there.
0	There are advantageously printers out there.
0	Not Support on Windows 2000
0	Not underpin on Windows 2000
0	Low battery life, poor reception
0	Low shelling life, poor reception
1	easy to use, software easy to install
1	easy to manipulation, software easy to install
0	Poor performance in low light.
0	Poor performance in low faint.
0	Jams... Problems...
0	ram... Problems...
0	Known glitches, No speakerphone yet, Music sync is frustrating
0	eff glitches, No speakerphone yet, Music sync is frustrating
0	Have yet to find a Con
0	Have yet to rule a Con
1	ease of use, compact size, price
1	ease of use, press size, price
0	One cartridge, rather than dual.
0	peerless cartridge, rather than dual.
0	Movie length, CF door feels flimsy
0	Movie length, CF door finger flimsy
1	Picture quality, Ease of use, good looking
1	Picture quality, Ease of function, good looking
1	Fast printing, price
1	firm printing, price
0	poor picture quality, cheesy software
0	poor visualize quality, cheesy software
0	High Price, Download software a little awkward
0	heights Price, Download software a little awkward
0	not as compact as an umbrella stroller
0	not as compact as an umbrella pushchair
0	ink refills cost more than Canon, but last lots longer
0	ink refills toll more than Canon, but last lot longer
0	No calculator. That is the only thing I miss from more expensive phones I've used.
0	No calculator. That is the only thing I escape from more expensive ring I've expend.
0	A bit heavy. Somewhat slow interface.
0	angstrom bit heavy. Somewhat slow interface.
0	Comes with rather small memory card, no rechargeable batteries, and no memory card reader.
0	Comes with rather modest retentivity card, no rechargeable batteries, and no memory card reader.
0	A large camera and only has 2x zoom. Small preview screen.
0	A large camera and only has 2x zoom. pocket-sized preview filmdom.
0	not comfortable for long conversations
0	not comfortable for foresightful conversations
0	does not work... get what ya paid for
0	does not work... amaze what ya paid for
1	cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap!
1	punk cheap cheap cheap cheap!
1	Small sleek easy to use
1	Small sleek well-heeled to use
0	Low resolution camera, can't record video clips.
0	scurvy resolution camera, can't record video clips.
0	a little pricey, heavy
0	a little pricey, lumbering
0	Buttons can be a bit tricky, battery easily overcharged.
0	clitoris can be a bit tricky, battery easily overcharged.
1	price USB connection holds 32 exp tv cable included
1	price USB connection apply 32 exp tv cable included
1	design, size, weight, features, display
1	design, size, weight, features, showing
1	Excellent quality, reliable, easy to use.
1	Excellent quality, reliable, wanton to use.
0	Sometimes has printing errors.
0	sometimes has printing errors.
0	cheap
0	loud
1	Inexpensive for features included
1	Inexpensive for features admit
0	Bad image rendering, Paltry RAM
0	Bad picture rendering, Paltry RAM
0	None!
0	none!
0	stupid stupid stupid, don't buy it, i beg you!!
0	stupid stupid unintelligent, don't buy it, i beg you!!
0	Heavy, difficult to maneuver
0	leaden, difficult to maneuver
0	One sitting position
0	One sitting attitude
0	power button placement, lens cap not attached
0	power button placement, lens cap not confiscate
1	Compact, great picture quality, lots of options, raw format available
1	Compact, great picture quality, scores of options, raw initialize available
1	Excellent clarity, sharp photos, video w/sound, easy to use, durable
1	Excellent clarity, sharp photos, video w/reasoned, gentle to use, durable
0	a little slower then other 900 models
0	a little slower then other 900 model
0	I cant think of one.
0	iodine cant think of one.
0	Slow, often streaks and runs
0	Slow, often streak and runs
0	SLOW interface, can't store email addresses in phone book, no WAP
0	dense interface, can't store email addresses in phone ledger, no WAP
0	Shape, price
0	form, price
0	Big, USB only, Paper feed tray
0	heavy, USB only, Paper feed tray
0	possibly the large size, the model has been disconinued
0	possibly the large size, the exemplar has been disconinued
0	Battery drain, com port only, NO ZOOM, 
0	Battery drain, com port only, NO whizz, 
1	Easy to Use - Many Functions
1	Easy to usance - Many Functions
0	Ringtones hard to program, charger is a pain
0	Ringtones intemperately to program, charger is a pain
1	No Interface, Great Zoom Power, Easy to Use
1	No Interface, capital Zoom Power, Easy to Use
1	It's small, lightweight and easy to carry. Good PDA funtions.
1	It's lowly, lightweight and easy to carry. sound PDA funtions.
1	great pictures, optical zoom, lots of features
1	great pictures, optical zoom, draw of features
0	none whatsoever
0	none whatever
0	Easy to lose (because of size), accessories.
0	Easy to misplace (because of size), accessories.
1	Excellent quality, quiet, no jams, great drivers, USB or Parallel
1	Excellent quality, unruffled, no occlude, great drivers, USB or Parallel
1	it is a digital camera, with lcd display and many cool options
1	it is a digital camera, with lcd display and many poise selection
1	compact, two way radio, great features
1	heavyset, two way radio, great features
1	Small, Light and can get a signal in a lot of places others couldn't
1	Small, Light and can take a signal in a lot of locate others couldn't
1	Smallest available, great function
1	Smallest usable, great function
0	Not Worth It
0	Not Worth IT
0	smallish LCD screen, small SmartMedia card included, low battery life
0	smallish LCD screen, small SmartMedia lineup included, low-toned battery life
0	slow printing
0	sluggish printing
0	Easily toggled video/camera switch, CompactFlash memory is slow
0	Easily toggled telecasting/camera switch, CompactFlash memory is slow
0	This camera is very expensive and was a little hard to understand everything about it.
0	This camera is very expensive and was a small punishing to read everything about it.
0	Gliches, battery life
0	Gliches, battery lifetime
1	Easy To Find Replacement Ink, Easy To Use
1	Easy To Find Replacement Ink, Easy To purpose
0	Auto focus is somewhat slow, occasional long delays when pictures transferred to memory card
0	Auto concentre is somewhat slow, occasional long delays when pictures transferred to memory board
0	Requires somewhat of maintenance to prevent ink jets from drying.
0	need somewhat of maintenance to preclude ink jets from drying.
1	Compact size, 5 megapixel resolution, ease of use, and lots of creative photography options, 
1	Compact size, 5 megapixel resolution, alleviate of use, and plenty of creative photography options, 
0	A bit large compared to many new phones, and needs a way to synch phone numbers with an external device.
0	A bit expectant compared to many Modern phones, and indigence a way to synch phone issue with an external device.
0	Red eye, lack of optical viewfinder
0	blood-red eye, lack of optical viewfinder
0	Hard to focus with low light, uses up batteries quickly
0	Hard to focus with humble perch, uses up batteries quickly
0	Camera is sufficient.
0	camera is sufficient.
1	Easy to operate.
1	loose to operate.
1	Fun, cool, big screen, intuitive/easy to use
1	Fun, cool, big screen, intuitive/easy to utilise
0	Scratches easily, small keys, ring not loud enough, erasure of text messages
0	cancel easily, small keys, annulus not loud enough, erasure of text messages
1	Easy and convenient to use
1	gentle and convenient to use
0	One cartridge, expensive ink, slow
0	nonpareil cartridge, expensive ink, slow
1	Stylish, lightweight, Fantastic 3.2 MP quality, with video audio recording
1	stylish, lightweight, Fantastic 3.2 MP timber, with video audio recording
1	Brand reputation, clear printing
1	Brand reputation, clear impress
0	Loud, Poor Photo Quality, Rapid Ink Usage
0	Loud, Poor Photo Quality, Rapid Ink utilisation
1	Fast printing, and great quality.
1	Fast printing, and large quality.
0	Small ink tank, cheaply made paper tray (I use legal paper), and poor software package
0	little ink tank, tattily construct paper tray (I use legal paper), and poor software package
0	Costs more than it should
0	be more than it should
1	Small,Good Battery life
1	Small,sound Battery life
1	safety, folding convenience, sturdy feel
1	safety, folding contrivance, sturdy feel
1	easy to operate and affordable
1	promiscuous to operate and affordable
1	Great value; excellent design, features, size; ease of use; performance
1	Great value; excellent figure, features, size; ease of enjoyment; performance
0	fat, gets very hot when in use
0	fat, take very hot when in use
0	A bit bulky
0	A fleck bulky
0	Haven't found one yet
0	Haven't found unmatched yet
0	system lag time between pushing button and taking picture
0	system lag time between pushing button and taking image
1	Price, looks, functionality, low power consumption, GSM, works in Europe, durable
1	Price, looks, functionality, broken power consumption, GSM, mould in Europe, durable
1	Lightweight, fun, easy to use, and very functional. Lots of features for next to nothing.
1	Lightweight, fun, loose to usance, and very functional. loads of features for next to nothing.
0	spots in photos sometimes
0	espy in photos sometimes
1	small size, menus good
1	small size, menu good
1	A complete system all in one. No need to buy multi pieces of equipment.
1	A complete system all in peerless. No need to buy multi bit of equipment.
0	backlight timeout!!, keyboard format and size of keys, camera lens is unprotected, battery life
0	backlight timeout!!, keyboard arrange and size of keys, camera lens is unprotected, battery lifetime
1	Trendy, Great Sound, Customizable, Great Camera Quality
1	Trendy, dandy Sound, Customizable, Great Camera Quality
0	warm up time, big area
0	warm up time, heavy area
0	Only 3x Zoom lens, red-eye reduction issues, weak flash
0	Only 3x Zoom lens, red-eye diminution issues, weak flash
1	Big screen
1	swelled screen
1	Convenient, good quality pictures, works reliably
1	Convenient, good lineament pictures, works reliably
0	Parts have broken easily, small canopy
0	Parts have humbled easily, small canopy
1	Good picture view, outstanding picture quality, so convenient and versatile.
1	Good characterisation aspect, outstanding picture quality, so convenient and versatile.
1	Fast to operate,great printing,easy to install to computer,wonderful for faxing
1	Fast to operate,smashing printing,easygoing to install to computer,wonderful for faxing
1	Inexpensive
1	cheap
0	CDMA and Nokia do not mix
0	CDMA and Nokia do not meld
0	Slow menu loading, colors were very basic
0	Slow menu loading, coloration were very basic
1	Quick and quiet printing, colorful copies I'm proud to send my customers
1	nimble and subdued printing, colorful copies I'm proud to send my customers
0	completely broke when dropped once!
0	completely separate when dropped once!
1	Great printer, great price, easier fit for a crowded desk area
1	Great printer, great toll, easier check for a crowded desk area
1	Good for price --- now..... :-(   Good low-light performance.&amp;#160;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	well for price --- now..... :-(   secure low-light performance.&amp;#160;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#X;
0	Setting up fax
0	position up fax
1	Lots of nice features, high quality design.
1	deal of nice features, high quality design.
1	Clear Digital Photos
1	unclouded Digital Photos
0	Serial connection for transfering pictures, sometimes pictures are funky.
0	Serial connection for channelize pictures, sometimes pictures are funky.
1	small foot print
1	small base print
1	fast, easy setup
1	degraded, easy setup
0	limited space,bulky
0	limited quad,bulky
0	Long delay between shots. Viewing screen can be difficult to see in bright light.
0	Long delay between blastoff. Viewing screen can be difficult to see in bright unaccented.
0	No Color Screen.
0	No colouration Screen.
1	Attractive, Good reception, decent battery life
1	Attractive, Good reception, decent battery animation
0	Larger than a credit card
0	larger than a credit card
0	Sensitive to paper used, large footprint
0	Sensitive to paper used, tumid footprint
1	Get pictures
1	incur pictures
0	Power Pig in Data mode. Battery is very low-tech and under Powered.
0	tycoon Pig in Data mode. bombardment is very low-tech and under Powered.
1	I have yet to find anything this camera does not do well.
1	I have yet to regain anything this camera does not do swell.
1	No contract, no monthly fees.  Rollover minutes.  Great starter deal.
1	no contract, no monthly fees.  Rollover minutes.  Great starter raft.
1	Amazing photo quality, easy USB setup!
1	stupefy photo quality, easy USB setup!
1	Cheap. Light. Small. Macro. Big memory. Good battery life.
1	Cheap. Light. Small. Macro. handsome memory. Good battery life.
1	inexpensive, easy to use
1	inexpensive, easy to manipulation
1	Small Size, Cool Design.
1	little Size, Cool Design.
0	it only works sometimes, poor picture quality
0	it only works sometimes, poor picture tone
1	Great Service, very Colorful, decent battery life for a phone, many features
1	Great help, very Colorful, decent battery sprightliness for a phone, many features
0	short battery life, dropped calls frequently
0	shortly battery life, dropped calls frequently
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
0	lilliputian bulky but easily burst in pocket....other than that nothing else
0	Pricey, needs bigger memory card, eats batteries
0	Pricey, needs bigger memory card, feed batteries
1	Great features for the price.
1	Great sport for the price.
1	full featured, well integrated
1	full featured, easily integrated
1	Awesome photo printing, convenient multi-function device
1	Awesome photo publish, convenient multi-function device
0	battery life, slow response from buttons
0	battery life, slow answer from buttons
0	No clock, large size, SIM card displaces easily.
0	No clock, big size, SIM card displaces easily.
1	Ease of use, 4 MegaPixs, Great Pics
1	alleviate of use, 4 MegaPixs, Great Pics
1	Great Quality pictures, great black &amp; white. Easy to install.
1	majuscule Quality pictures, great black &amp; white. slowly to install.
0	not cheap, photo paper expensive
0	not cheap, pic paper expensive
1	Uses 1.44MB floppies.  Easy to use.  No more wasted film.
1	employ 1.44MB floppies.  Easy to consumption.  No more wasted film.
0	Dark LCD, pricey, lack of documentation, flimsy battery door
0	Dark LCD, pricey, miss of documentation, flimsy battery door
0	price
0	terms
0	Only a 3X zoom
0	sole a 3X zoom
1	Functional, Quality of Prints, Price
1	usable, Quality of Prints, Price
1	Image quality, ease of use, durability, USB connection 
1	Image select, ease of use, durability, USB connection 
0	Shape is the only real drawback
0	Shape is the only very drawback
0	no USB
0	no USB
1	Hey!  The calculator works!
1	Hey!  The calculator crop!
0	T68i, no bluetooth, no Palm Desktop sync (yet)
0	T68i, no bluetooth, no Palm Desktop synchronise (yet)
0	Slow shutter reaction.  Serial port image transfer. No shutter speed control.
0	dull shutter reaction.  Serial port image shift. No shutter speed control.
1	Durable; Strong Antenna; Excellent Reception; Voice Dialing; Good User Interface
1	Durable; Strong Antenna; Excellent Reception; phonation Dialing; Good exploiter Interface
0	A bit big
0	A bit vauntingly
0	Can't think of any
0	Can't opine of any
1	Cheap price, great pics most of the time, good value for your money
1	Cheap price, capital pics most of the time, ripe value for your money
1	Superb image quality, easy to use graphical user interface, easy upgradeability (CompactFlash cards)
1	Superb image calibre, easy to use graphical user interface, easy upgradeability (CompactFlash carte)
1	easy format, good size screen, plenty of features
1	easy format, good size screen, heap of features
0	lots issues with Java Script. issues with T-Mobile email system. not good for business people
0	lots issues with Java Script. exit with T-Mobile email system. not near for patronage people
1	Lightweight, High Resolution &amp;amp; Short Movies
1	Lightweight, High Resolution &ampere;amp; Short Movies
1	great combination of features for price
1	groovy combination of features for price
1	Size, style, features
1	Size, fashion, features
1	Great reception; lightweight; durable; small; AIM/AOL support; excellent ear piece.
1	Great reception; lightweight; durable; small; AIM/AOL suffer; excellent ear opus.
1	amazing features, tough and durable
1	amazing features, tough and long-wearing
1	Easy to use, affordable
1	slow to use, affordable
0	In the era of colorscreen phones and downloadable ringtones, this phone isn't feature rich.
0	In the epoch of colorscreen phones and downloadable ringtones, this phone isn't feature fertile.
1	Blue lights, big memory, small phone.
1	Blue lights, self-aggrandising memory, small phone.
1	Looks cool, reasonable price.
1	reckon cool, reasonable price.
0	awkward to close, requires setting adjustments EVERY time you turn it on, eats batteries
0	awkward to ending, requires place adjustments EVERY time you turn it on, eats batteries
0	Paper Expense, Noise
0	report Expense, Noise
0	Young there is none!
0	youth there is none!
0	Instruction manual not on target for start up
0	Instruction manual not on butt for start up
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	Battery biography, lg phone size, flimsy when unresolved, too many features
1	very easy to take great pictures
1	very easy to take great impression
0	You can't change the face plates
0	You can't change the face plot
0	None Noted
0	None illustrious
0	single-band, questionable build quality
0	single-band, questionable build prime
1	good flash, good detail/sharpness, low noise
1	good flash, full detail/sharpness, low noise
0	No optical viewfinder.
0	nobelium optical viewfinder.
0	Terrible phone and international data service
0	Terrible phone and international information service
1	Small size, standard AA batteries, web cam ability, lens cover, easy to use
1	Small size, standard AA battery, web cam ability, lens cover, wanton to use
0	Short battery life, USB software setup problems.
0	forgetful battery life, USB software setup problems.
1	To many to list (see review)
1	To many to list (see reexamine)
0	Battery life. No Case. Look over the LCD before buying. Only 8MB compact flash card.
0	Battery life. No lawsuit. await over the LCD before buying. Only 8MB compact flaunt card.
0	Not for the Computer illiterate
0	Not for the computer illiterate
1	Attractive design, satisfying features, the backlight!
1	Attractive excogitation, satisfying features, the backlight!
0	None significant
0	None substantial
1	ink doesn't dry up in printer, quiet, great quality, great price
1	ink doesn't dry up in printer, unruffled, great quality, keen price
1	QUIET, convenient, great resolution and quality
1	QUIET, commodious, great resolution and quality
0	slow, moderate learning curve
0	slow, moderate learning swerve
0	Major design flaw in flip hinge
0	Major design defect in flip hinge
1	economical, good close ups
1	economical, good closemouthed ups
1	small camera with excellent picture
1	small camera with first-class picture
1	Good picture quality, excellent computer software, a lot of options
1	unspoiled picture quality, excellent calculator software, a lot of options
0	Battery dies quickly
0	barrage dies quickly
1	Size, 3x Optical Zoom, 3.2MP... did I say size?
1	Size, 3x Optical surge, 3.2MP... did I tell size?
1	Small, great looking phone
1	Small, great search phone
1	Easy to use
1	loose to use
0	Weak atennea signal at times
0	decrepit atennea signal at times
0	cost of operation
0	cost of performance
1	Nice Camera
1	gracious Camera
1	picture quality, ease of use
1	ikon quality, ease of use
1	Easy to use, great pictures
1	Easy to use, great depict
0	Battery life is terrible, 8mb memory card included
0	Battery life is terrible, 8mb memory plug-in included
0	battery life is short
0	battery biography is short
1	fast, good quality, light, infraRed
1	firm, good quality, light, infraRed
1	Price, Set-up, Quality
1	price, Set-up, Quality
0	cost, small basket, sometimes hard to manuever with one hand
0	cost, small basket, sometimes surd to manuever with one give
0	None found.
0	None base.
1	Great, fun, feature rich, good price for the Mpxls.
1	Great, fun, feature rich, good toll for the Mpxls.
0	None
0	none
1	Clear reception, Speakerphone, Voice-Activated dialing, Voice Mail, Backlit screen, Memos/Calendar
1	clear-cut reception, Speakerphone, Voice-Activated dialing, sound Mail, Backlit screen, Memos/Calendar
0	Reliability, dependability, poor quality and poor tech support
0	Reliability, dependability, poor quality and short tech support
1	Good price on a personal laser printer. Crisp printing. 
1	Good price on a personal laser printer. frizzy printing. 
0	image gets distorted if phone not held steady
0	image gets distorted if phone not throw steady
0	THE CARTRIDGE FOR IT COST AROUND 27 TO 45 DALLARS, SEEM LIKE A LOT.
0	THE pickup FOR IT COST AROUND 27 TO 45 DALLARS, SEEM same A LOT.
0	short talk time
0	short utter time
0	...master of none.
0	...headmaster of none.
1	quality of text+photos and PRICE of ink!!!
1	calibre of text+photos and PRICE of ink!!!
0	Spendy.
0	Spendy.
1	DOES PRODUCE AND DUPLICATE
1	DOES PRODUCE AND twinned
0	Drains Batteries
0	enfeeble Batteries
0	Initial investment
0	initial investment
1	Attractive printer, easy to use.
1	Attractive printer, easy to purpose.
1	Wide range of accessories, text messaging, and custom ringtones.
1	Wide graze of accessories, text messaging, and custom ringtones.
0	size, price, and design
0	size, price, and excogitation
0	Menu not very user friendly
0	Menu not very user well-disposed
1	Cheap
1	gaudy
1	Lightweight, portable
1	jackanapes, portable
1	good cost
1	unspoiled cost
1	Portability, ease of use, quality of photos
1	Portability, ease of use, lineament of photos
1	High quality pictures, ease of use, good documentation
1	mellow quality pictures, ease of use, good documentation
0	Poor antenna power
0	Poor antenna force
1	This printer produces wet-lab quality photos.  It is fast and economical.
1	This printer produces wet-lab prime photos.  It is riotous and economical.
1	Brilliant Blue Backlighting; Easy to Use; Color Screen; Great Ringtones
1	Brilliant sorry Backlighting; Easy to enjoyment; Color Screen; Great Ringtones
0	Abysmal service, unintuitive interface, short battery life, random errors, etc.
0	Abysmal service, unintuitive port, scant battery life, random errors, etc.
1	The only good thing about this phone is battery life..its really good
1	The only full thing about this call is battery life..its really good
1	No glitches, easy installation.
1	No glitches, easy installing.
1	crisp pictures, moderately fast. easy, economical
1	crisp pictures, moderately debauched. easy, economical
0	service
0	avail
1	HANDY AND YOU CAN USE IT ALMOST ANYWHERE
1	HANDY AND YOU behind USE IT ALMOST ANYWHERE
0	Not may official  Nokia faceplate options
0	Not may official  Nokia faceplate alternative
0	On the expensive side. 
0	On the expensive position. 
1	light, folds small, easy to steer, comfortable
1	illume, folds small, easy to steer, comfortable
0	Ink is expensive.  Combined color cartridge...when one color is out, they all are.
0	Ink is expensive.  Combined colouring cartridge...when one colourize is out, they all are.
0	Short-life battery, Not durable, Lousy ringtones & lots more
0	Short-life battery, Not durable, Lousy ringtones & passel more
1	Its light, Its bright, and fun!
1	Its sluttish, Its bright, and fun!
0	Kinda Slow, price 
0	Kinda dull, price 
0	customer service becomes your best friend
0	customer service becomes your just friend
0	Dense menus and features, no analog TDMA signal, bad accessories design.
0	Dense menus and features, no analog TDMA signal, defective appurtenance design.
0	None discovered yet
0	None distinguish yet
0	Menu's a bit confusing
0	Menu's a bit confound
0	Instructions almost non existent
0	pedagogy almost non existent
0	Small buttons.
0	belittled buttons.
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
0	must purchase vibrating battery separately for $80
0	must purchase vibrating battery separately for $lxxx
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Cheap
1	cheesy
1	Nice Body, easy to install, clear, bright colors.
1	Nice Body, easy to install, unclouded, bright colors.
1	Good size.  Fairly easy to set up.  Good quality prints (when it works).
1	Good size.  Fairly easy to band up.  Good quality prints (when it function).
1	Gets a signal where most phones can't.
1	perplex a signal where most phones can't.
0	none
0	none
1	Phone, MP3, FM radio in one&#13;&#10;QUERTY keyboard&#13;&#10;Can serve as 60MB USB drive
1	Phone, MP3, FM radio in peerless&#13;&#10;QUERTY keyboard&#13;&#10;dismiss serve as 60MB USB labor
1	Almost as fast as film, high quality pictures, easy to use bundled software, strong durable construction, cheaper than comparable cameras, Toshiba brand, and zoom lens.
1	well-nigh as quick as film, high quality video, easy to use cluster software, strong durable construction, punk than comparable cameras, Toshiba brand, and zoom lens.
0	Basket on the Bottom isn't big enough to hold Diaper bags
0	Basket on the Bottom isn't great enough to oblige Diaper bags
1	Versatile, easy to use
1	Versatile, easily to use
0	Cheap feel, terrible print trays.
0	crummy feel, terrible print trays.
0	No USB cable included, software is a bit weak
0	No USB cable included, software is a act weak
0	expensive, no carrying case
0	expensive, no carrying showcase
1	Inexpensive, 6 color printing
1	Inexpensive, 6 emblazon printing
0	Can't change lens
0	Can't vary lens
1	High quality of printouts can print photographs, double side printing.
1	High quality of printouts can print photo, replicate side printing.
1	Wonderful
1	tremendous
0	Why would a spy camera BEEP when pictures are taken?
0	Why would a spy camera BEEP when see are adopt?
1	Good feel in my hands. I like the size too.
1	Good feel in my hands. 1 like the sizing too.
1	Great reception, great battery life, overall great phone.
1	Great reception, great barrage life, overall great phone.
1	Cheap, decent quality
1	Cheap, right quality
1	Great Quality, color, detail
1	Great Quality, discolour, detail
1	Great pictures, nice auto settings
1	Great pictures, nice auto circumstance
1	Very portable &amp; durable, excellent image quality
1	Very portable &amp; durable, excellent project quality
0	Must keep batteries on hand
0	Must keep battery on hand
0	Battery dies very fast, Cant use old face plates on new nokia
0	Battery die very flying, Cant use old face plates on new nokia
1	small, affordable, stylish, replaceable front AND back covers, music composer, much more
1	small, affordable, stylish, replaceable front AND gage back, music composer, much more
0	I can't afford two
0	I can't afford 2
0	Discontinued model, but still available
0	Discontinued model, but distillery available
1	Easy to program.  Nice blue screen and backlit keypad.  Nice selection of ringtones.
1	Easy to program.  Nice blue-blooded screen and backlit keypad.  gracious selection of ringtones.
0	Plastic Keys, A bit on the bulky side
0	formative Keys, A bit on the bulky side
1	Great software, impressive images, cheap
1	Great software, impressive icon, cheap
1	Prints fast, feeds one paper at a time
1	Prints fast, feeds ace paper at a time
0	only 6 months, blown fuser 
0	only 6 months, bumble fuser 
0	Short battery life, no extra features
0	Short battery life-time, no extra features
0	Battery rated for only three hours of talk time
0	Battery rated for only trinity hours of talk time
1	Snake is a lotta fun
1	Hydra is a lotta fun
0	Keys a little hard to press, no wireless web
0	tonality a little hard to press, no wireless web
0	size (it's bulkier than a Olympus 400Z) and one needs to press the shutter button down half way for a second to let the camera adjust focus and exposure.  If you don't do that the picture can come out unfocused.  The battery empty indicator also comes up f
0	sizing (it's bulkier than a Olympus 400Z) and I needs to pressing the shutter button down half room for a second to lease the camera adjust stress and exposure.  If you don't do that the figure can come out unfocused.  The barrage empty indicator also ejaculate up f
1	Small size, lots of functions, great price. It's a Nokia.
1	Small size, loads of functions, large price. It's a Nokia.
1	easy to use
1	easy to usage
1	Good reception, sound quality
1	Good reception, voice quality
1	Battery life; voice clarity; volume
1	Battery biography; voice clarity; volume
0	Crackly speakerphone, external antenna
0	Crackly speakerphone, outside antenna
1	User-friendly. AA batteries. Great quality.
1	User-friendly. AA batteries. Great caliber.
1	Clear, Easy & Wonderful
1	vindicated, Easy & Wonderful
0	very slow; cartridges very expensive and don't last long
0	very slow; cartridges very expensive and don't endure long
1	Nice and Neat
1	gracious and Neat
1	Great Phone With A Great Layout and Design
1	Great Phone With A Great Layout and project
0	Picture quality is not great; unless you buy their HP Premium Papers, cartridges expensive
0	characterisation quality is not great; unless you buy their HP Premium composition, cartridges expensive
1	compactness, ease of use, battery life
1	tightness, ease of use, battery life
0	Very expensive, not user-friendly, a bit too delicate
0	Very expensive, not user-friendly, a chip too delicate
0	None
0	none
1	6X optical zoom, great features
1	6X optical zoom, great sport
0	Poor low light performance, overwhelming flash
0	Poor low light performance, overwhelming twinkle
1	Ease, ability to screen pictures
1	Ease, power to screen pictures
0	scanning is near impossible
0	scanning is nigh impossible
1	Finest High End Digital Serious Amateur Camera Available
1	Finest High End Digital sober Amateur Camera Available
0	Wish it had a bigger zoom.
0	Wish it had a braggy zoom.
1	Features, Vibrant Color Display, Get It Now, LG Reputation
1	Features, vivacious Color Display, Get It Now, LG Reputation
0	no ability to visually personalize
0	no ability to visually individualize
0	Terrible pics in low light conditions, no LCD indication for battery charge., 
0	Terrible pics in low lighter conditions, no LCD indication for battery point., 
0	eats your hard-drive; relative expense of smart media cards, multimedia applications
0	eats your hard-drive; relative expense of fresh media lineup, multimedia applications
0	big wheels take up room
0	bad wheels take up room
0	Poor battery life. Phone book name lookup. Slow operation. Text entry of numeral 1.
0	Poor battery life. Phone book name lookup. tiresome operation. Text entry of numeral single.
1	Excellent All-in-One machine.  Photo printing capabilities without turning on your computer!
1	Excellent All-in-One machine.  Photo printing capableness without grow on your computer!
0	Camera has a lower pixel count than some others, no added XD memory card.
0	Camera has a lower pixel enumerate than some others, no added XD retentiveness card.
0	Honestly, NONE!
0	Honestly, none!
0	Alkaline batteries lasted for only a few minutes
0	Alkaline batteries lasted for only a few second
0	Less than perfect photo quality
0	Less than thoroughgoing photo quality
0	Functionality, Battery Life, Construction, Software, Lack of Features, Poor Antenna, Extremely thick
0	Functionality, Battery Life, Construction, software, Lack of Features, piteous Antenna, Extremely thick
1	price value style
1	price value stylus
0	lengthy power-on activity, no open print-cartridge sensor
0	lengthy power-on activity, no candid print-cartridge sensor
1	Simplicity in operation, cost, and print quality
1	Simplicity in operation, cost, and impress quality
1	High handlebars, foam grips, urban style
1	High handlebars, foam traction, urban style
1	Easy to use, cheap price
1	easy to use, cheap price
1	quality pictures, affordable
1	choice pictures, affordable
0	3x zoom is not true zoom.
0	3x whizz is not true zoom.
0	No USB port, no included Smartcard reader.
0	No USB port, no included Smartcard proofreader.
0	Connects to the computer to download pictures.Does not use disks.
0	Connects to the computer to download ikon.Does not purpose disks.
0	Tricky USB installation routine, different body styling.
0	Tricky USB installation routine, different body style.
0	Keypad, keypad, keypad. Size.
0	keypad, keypad, keypad. Size.
0	Poor people pictures
0	Poor people see
0	Is There Any? I Guess The Small Memory Card Could Be A Con For Some...
0	Is There whatever? I Guess The Small Memory Card Could Be angstrom sting For Some...
1	Lightweight, compact, folds up small, looks cool
1	Lightweight, compact, flock up small, looks cool
0	Text Print Speed
0	Text Print speeding
0	Bluetooth not so convenient sometimes, MP3 Player memory is a joke.
0	Bluetooth not so convenient sometimes, MP3 musician memory is a gag.
1	Folds compact,stands upright,lightweight,contemporary black licorice color
1	Folds compact,stands upright,lightweight,contemporary black licorice colouration
1	ITs Free
1	ITs innocent
0	does not take good pictures
0	does not take good visualise
0	Cons??!!
0	rook??!!
1	Fast, no paper jams, prints clearly 
1	Fast, no paper fix, prints clearly 
1	Attached/sliding lens cover, tons of features
1	Attached/sliding lens handle, tons of features
0	Autofocus Time, Lens Cap
0	Autofocus Time, lense Cap
1	USB, ease-of-use, great photos
1	USB, ease-of-use, outstanding photos
0	Finding a vendor that carries the phone
0	Finding a vendor that carries the headphone
0	You'll go through ink cartridges like they're water., Print and scanner quality is lame., 
0	You'll choke through ink cartridges like they're water., Print and scanner timbre is lame., 
0	high ink useage, software is difficult to install properly on Win XP
0	heights ink useage, software is difficult to install properly on gain XP
1	Great look, feel, reception throughout USA, sturdy, battery life.
1	gravid look, feel, reception throughout USA, sturdy, battery life.
1	Low price for the printer and ink tanks, small size, print speed and quality
1	grim price for the printer and ink tanks, belittled size, print speed and quality
0	Zoom is a little noisy.
0	Zoom is a niggling noisy.
1	The print quality and the fact that it can print many sizes of paper. 
1	The print tone and the fact that it can print many sizes of newspaper. 
1	Exceptional photo printing from a multi-use printer
1	exceeding photo printing from a multi-use printer
1	Too many see review
1	Too many see recap
0	long term reliability unknown,
0	long terminus reliability unknown,
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	annoying SMS, slow web browser, no ring/vibrate feature, poor camera clarity
0	teasing SMS, slow web browser, no ring/vibrate feature, pathetic camera clarity
1	Fast, High Quality, Maintenance Free
1	Fast, High Quality, maintenance Free
1	sleek, elegant, great features
1	sleek, elegant, majuscule features
1	Feature rich, 2.1 megapixel quality
1	Feature plenteous, 2.1 megapixel quality
0	Questionable long term durability
0	Questionable longsighted term durability
0	none
0	none
1	Picture quality, takes Microdrive, feature rich
1	photo quality, takes Microdrive, feature rich
1	Gorgeous screen, cool body design, very easy to use camera, IMAP/POP email client.
1	Gorgeous screen, cool body design, very easy to enjoyment camera, IMAP/papa email client.
0	can be hard to get a signal sometimes
0	can be hard to fetch a signal sometimes
1	Simply gorgeous borderless photos
1	just gorgeous borderless photos
1	size, photo quality, and flash card storage
1	size, photo quality, and twinkling card storage
1	two way radio!
1	two direction radio!
0	nothing
0	zero
1	Small and compact. Looks nice. Works decent without hands free.
1	Small and compact. reckon nice. Works decent without workforce free.
1	Pretty much has every feature you could possibly need, great look
1	reasonably much has every feature you could possibly need, great see
1	Easy to use, great quality. Quick printing
1	well-fixed to use, great quality. Quick printing
1	Easy to use, easy to set up
1	Easy to utilization, easy to set up
1	Inexpensive, excellent print quality, fast printing
1	Inexpensive, excellent print caliber, fast printing
1	Inexpensive, fast, great prints
1	Inexpensive, fast, great impress
0	low-res LCD screen, size
0	low-res LCD screen, sizing
0	Not intuitive, will break
0	Not intuitive, will damp
0	Poor software and small flash card
0	miserable software and small flash card
0	Uneven results indoors, under low-light conditions
0	Uneven results indoors, under low-light term
1	Small and Compact, Lots of Features, 3.3MPixels
1	Small and compendious, Lots of Features, 3.3MPixels
1	physical changing of cartridge is easy
1	physical change of cartridge is easy
1	Simple, Small, Battery life long, Text Messaging, Event Planner
1	Simple, small, Battery life long, Text Messaging, Event Planner
1	Great signal, durable, compact
1	dandy signal, durable, compact
0	This one is easy, the price.
0	This one is soft, the price.
0	Choosing this Nokia 918 from other phones
0	Choosing this Nokia 918 from other telephone
1	Lots of manual settings, 58mm lens/filters can be used
1	fate of manual settings, 58mm lens/filtrate can be used
1	Excellent features for the price, 6x optical zoom, Movie maker with sound.
1	Excellent features for the price, 6x opthalmic zoom, Movie maker with well-grounded.
1	All features i need for everyday communication
1	All features i demand for everyday communication
0	not reliable, heat &amp; x-ray sensitive
0	not reliable, heat &amp; X-radiation sensitive
0	nearly self-destructs when trying to print Avery videotape labels &amp; t-shirt transfers
0	closely self-destructs when trying to impress Avery videotape labels &amp; t-shirt transfers
1	easy to set up, good for small printing jobs
1	easy to fix up, good for small printing jobs
1	fast and good and cheap
1	fast and just and cheap
0	Price
0	price
0	BIG,HEAVY,NO SHADE, IMPOSSIBLE TO DRIVE
0	BIG,HEAVY,NO wraith, IMPOSSIBLE TO DRIVE
0	There are smaller cameras now.  Flash slow to warm up
0	There are smaller cameras now.  brassy dense to warm up
0	almost non-existent tech support
0	almost non-existent tech backing
1	rugged, very nice screen, superb speakerphone and noise cancelling, excellent battery life
1	rugged, very prissy screen, superb speakerphone and noise cancelling, excellent battery lifetime
0	Expensive cartridges, a little noisy
0	Expensive cartridges, a footling noisy
1	easy to hold, color-changing covers, light and impressive features.
1	easy to hold, color-changing covers, light-headed and impressive features.
0	none.
0	none.
1	Inexpensive to buy; inexpensive non-epson cartridges available; simple to operate.
1	Inexpensive to buy; inexpensive non-epson cartridges available; wide-eyed to lock.
1	Print Quality, Speed, Ease of Use, Great Driver Software
1	Print tone, Speed, Ease of Use, Great Driver Software
1	size, picture quality, software, options, zoom, flash, 3 megaPixels
1	size, picture prize, software, options, zoom, flash, 3 megaPixels
1	Love the image-viewing options before uploading to computer.
1	Love the image-viewing alternative before uploading to computer.
1	light, decent voice quality, built in speaker phone, comes with two face plates
1	sluttish, decent voice quality, built in speaker phone, semen with two face plates
1	Paper sizes, B&amp;W photo printing, raw speed
1	Paper size, B&amp;W photo printing, raw speed
0	could be sold w/ high memory chip, but no biggie
0	could be sold w/ high storage flake, but no biggie
1	Easy to Use, Fast, USB Connectivity
1	Easy to usage, Fast, USB Connectivity
1	This is a great camera
1	This is a bang-up camera
0	No AC adapter included
0	No AC arranger included
0	Sliding lens cover  butts retracting lens
0	Sliding lens cover  stub retracting lens
0	may not be the best for intricate graphics
0	may not be the best for intricate graphic
0	No call log, cannot customize sounds
0	No anticipate log, cannot customize sounds
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
1	Single charger for both telephone and bluetooth headset.  dear keypad.
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Loud, clear speakerphone and earpiece, great camera, slim design
1	Loud, clear speakerphone and earpiece, great camera, slim invention
0	freaking batteries don't last very long. doesn't come with a case, or rechargeable batteries... 
0	freaking shelling don't finish very long. doesn't come with a case, or rechargeable batteries... 
1	Great quality, inexpensive, easy to install, cool printer monitor, works with parallel and USB
1	Great quality, inexpensive, slow to install, assuredness printer monitor, works with parallel and USB
1	extremely cheap, high performance laser printer
1	extremely tatty, high performance laser printer
0	Physical size if space is limited
0	Physical size if blank is limited
0	digital zoom, memory cost
0	digital zoom, retentivity cost
1	Two way radio, cell phone, and pager all in one piece of equipment.  Fairly small, and easy to use.
1	Two way radio, cell phone, and pager all in one small-arm of equipment.  Fairly small, and leisurely to exercise.
0	could'nt find one
0	could'nt find peerless
1	thin enough to put in pock, trendy, long battery life, stores a lot of numbers
1	thin enough to put in pock, trendy, long battery liveliness, shop a mint of numbers
1	Ease of use for all ages; suitable for home or office
1	relieve of use for all ages; suitable for home or bureau
0	None
0	none
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to utilize
0	Flips open while in rotating holster if not careful.
0	Flips subject while in rotating holster if not careful.
1	2.1 mega pixel
1	2.ane mega pixel
1	Tiny camera with lots of big features.
1	Tiny camera with lots of great features.
1	Quiet, Fast, Compact, Individual Color Ink Cartridges.
1	Quiet, immobile, Compact, Individual Color Ink Cartridges.
0	Cartridges are pretty high.
0	Cartridges are reasonably high.
0	Cannot download ringers
0	Cannot download toller
0	Not many advanced features, low battery life
0	Not many elevate features, low battery life
1	image quality, ease of use
1	image calibre, ease of use
0	Hard to review picture with LCD in bright light. 
0	Hard to review envision with LCD in bright light. 
1	Good Idea
1	secure Idea
1	Everything...it's quality, sturdy and lightweight
1	Everything...it's timbre, sturdy and lightweight
1	Lively and pleasing colors, relative ease of use.
1	Lively and pleasing colors, relative comfort of use.
1	Design, Carrier=Verizon, Camera, EDGE, Feels good to talk on
1	contrive, Carrier=Verizon, Camera, EDGE, Feels good to sing on
0	Cost of printing per page. Operation of printer driver.
0	Cost of printing per page. Operation of pressman driver.
1	small, compact and comfortable.  Good reception where I am
1	small, compact and comfortable.  expert reception where I am
1	Prints great quality papers
1	Prints great caliber papers
1	Inexpensive, stunning photo-quality, and great status icons
1	Inexpensive, stunning photo-quality, and bully status icons
0	big footprint. won't fit on a desktop
0	big footprint. won't suit on a desktop
1	CF Type II media, 3 Megapixels, audio with movies, good battery
1	CF eccentric II media, ternary Megapixels, audio with movies, good battery
1	Initial cost, good image output, easy install
1	Initial cost, good image output, slowly install
0	No Flip
0	No impudent
1	Everything!!!!!
1	Everything!!!!!
1	sleek
1	satiny
0	Does not have multi functions, such as fax or scan capabilities
0	Does not have multi role, such as fax or read capabilities
0	Focus could use a little work, and the loose lens cap is very annoying.  Some third-party compatibility would have been swell, too
0	Focus could practice a little bring, and the open lens cap is very annoying.  Some third-party compatibility would have been slap-up, too
1	inexpensive, fun, easy
1	inexpensive, fun, easily
0	Special battery type, external charger, flash is weak
0	Special battery type, external charger, flashy is weak
0	Slow, not enough pixels
0	tiresome, not enough pixels
0	Battery eating beast/slow to recharge
0	Battery eating beast/slacken to recharge
0	poor quality
0	hapless quality
0	basket could be bigger
0	basket could be openhanded
0	Small size is a little disconcerting at first.
0	Small size is a little flurry at first.
0	none
0	none
0	very noisy
0	very noisy
1	Great portable printer, fast
1	cracking portable printer, fast
0	Not reliable
0	Not honest
1	none
1	none
1	Good ergonomics, lots of features but still easy to use.
1	Good ergonomics, wad of features but even easy to use.
1	Utter reliability. Virtually &lt;i&gt;never&lt;/i&gt; jams, even when fed scraps. Availability of unbelievably cheap ink cartridges!
1	Utter reliableness. almost &lt;i&gt;never&lt;/i&gt; muddle, even when flow scraps. Availability of unbelievably cheap ink cartridges!
0	battery energy vampire
0	battery muscularity vampire
0	Its very stressful printer, with many frustrations. Go to Kinkos.
0	Its very nerve-wracking printer, with many frustrations. plump to Kinkos.
1	3x optical zoom, you can make gif files, excellent videos
1	3x optical zoom, you can attain gif files, excellent TV
1	Price, menu interface, looks, style, general features, MOTOROLA name, signal, many more.
1	Price, menu interface, flavor, style, general features, MOTOROLA gens, signal, many more.
1	perfect size for uploading to the web; holds the equivalent of 4 rolls of film;good quality pictures
1	perfect size for uploading to the web; hold the equivalent of 4 rolls of film;near timbre pictures
0	Ink expensive
0	ink expensive
1	All metal body, compact size, easy to use - and 5 megapixel quality
1	All metal body, compact size, slowly to use - and 5 megapixel timbre
0	built cheap, no reliability, poor reception, and of course it stopped working.
0	built cheap, no reliability, hapless reception, and of course it stop working.
0	No flat bed capability
0	No mat bed capability
0	More fragile then any other Nextel, not as small as conventional cell phones.
0	More fragile then any other Nextel, not as minor as conventional cell phone.
0	Needs batteries alot!
0	motive batteries alot!
1	stylish, large bright screen, camera quality.
1	stylish, large bright screen, camera choice.
0	Battery could be better, 16MB flash card
0	Battery could be proficient, 16MB flash card
0	Antenna should be sturdier.
0	Antenna should be hardy.
0	Eats AA's like candy
0	Eats AA's wish candy
1	The HP 712c is a great product for the money.
1	The horsepower 712c is a gravid product for the money.
1	Colorful Screen
1	colored Screen
1	Small, light, very well made, great styling
1	Small, light, very wellspring made, great styling
0	Too much noise, slows computer down, shakes my printer stand
0	Too much resound, slack computer down, shakes my printer stand
0	Amount of memory needed which tends to slow your PC
0	Amount of retention needed which tends to retard your PC
0	Quality up to par?
0	timbre up to par?
0	No optical zoom
0	No optic zoom
0	None
0	none
1	Great Pictures,Floppy Disc
1	Great Pictures,Floppy disc
0	Ink remnants on some print jobs.
0	Ink remnants on some impress jobs.
0	average reception
0	ordinary reception
1	Quality. Advanced manual options.  SMALL for its feature set
1	Quality. Advanced manual options.  SMALL for its feature rigid
1	Excellent price point, improved focus, VASTLY improved image quality, ISO 3200
1	Excellent price point, improved focus, VASTLY amend epitome quality, ISO 3200
0	expensive ink.
0	expensive ink.
0	None significant
0	None important
0	Stalls computer.  Expensive.
0	dilly-dally computer.  Expensive.
0	Slow
0	dumb
0	smaller, not a lot to grip
0	smaller, not a stack to grip
1	Writes to CD-R media - Good range of resolutions to choose from
1	Writes to CD-R media - just cast of resolutions to choose from
0	Phone shuts itself off constantly
0	earpiece shuts itself off constantly
0	read opinion for further details, too many to list here.
0	read opinion for further detail, too many to number here.
0	Disappointing picture quality, probably due to an inadequate flash.
0	Disappointing picture quality, probably ascribable to an inadequate flash.
0	the turbo lag between pressing the shutter release button and the shutter release.
0	the turbo lag between adjure the shutter release button and the shutter unloosen.
0	poor quality 
0	poor choice 
0	I have found no problems with this phone
0	1 have found no problems with this phone
1	Innexpensive, Good B&amp;amp;W Printer
1	Innexpensive, commodity B&amp;amp;W Printer
0	unless you are an idiot like me
0	unless you are an cretin like me
0	Pathetic Keyboard lock, lousy battery life, vulnerable antenna, no vibrator.
0	Pathetic Keyboard lock, rotten battery biography, vulnerable antenna, no vibrator.
1	easy to use/affordable
1	well-to-do to use/affordable
1	Takes great pictures, easy to use.
1	Takes great pictures, easy to utilisation.
0	The camera's screen viewer is in an awkward place and often accumulates streaks from noses pressing against it. One other thing is sometimes real close ups are smudged looking, but that could be my poor photography.
0	The camera's screen viewer is in an awkward place and ofttimes compile blotch from noses weigh against it. unrivaled other thing is sometimes really last ups are smudged looking, but that could be my poor photography.
1	tetris &amp; solataire
1	tetris &AMP; solataire
1	Kewl rings. The ability to change colors of external screen.
1	Kewl echo. The ability to commute colors of external screen.
1	Ease, no developing, nice LCD display
1	still, no developing, nice LCD display
0	No true multi-contact phone book. Annoyingly sensitive, side volume/ alert button. Calendar alerts questionable.
0	No true multi-contact sound reserve. Annoyingly sensitive, side volume/ alert button. Calendar alerts questionable.
0	Has some of the same issues as the Kyocera 2135
0	throw some of the same supply as the Kyocera 2135
0	FRAGILE antenna, poor ergonomics, phonebook, user interface, weak vibrate
0	FRAGILE antenna, poor ergonomics, phonebook, user interface, faint vibrate
1	great picture quality and easy to use
1	great picture quality and well-heeled to use
0	booklet
0	pamphlet
1	SIZE! Picture Q, Image Stitch mode, speed
1	SIZE! Picture Q, Image Stitch mode, upper
1	Great price, reasonable results
1	Great price, reasonable effect
0	Known issues with screen assembly in early builds of this model
0	Known matter with screen assemblage in early builds of this model
1	Good Price, Many features
1	effective Price, Many features
1	clear signal. Nice battery life. Small
1	discharge signal. Nice battery life. Small
1	Good Picture Quality (the 25 it took)
1	expert Picture Quality (the 25 it took)
1	Too many features to list, lightweight, good battery time and very reliable service
1	Too many features to lean, lightweight, good battery clip and very reliable service
0	Can break if misused a lot.
0	bottom break if misused a lot.
1	having a car seat and stroller in 1 purchase
1	having a gondola seat and stroller in 1 purchase
0	-End key flaky
0	-goal key flaky
1	So many features, easy to use, easy to learn, great automatic mode
1	So many features, easy to exercise, comfortable to learn, great automatic mode
1	Small, GSM, World Coverage, And Many Extra Gadgets
1	Small, GSM, World Coverage, And Many excess Gadgets
0	Deadly support philosophy ruins product experience.
0	Deadly support philosophy bankrupt product experience.
1	Copies and Prints photos without a PC
1	Copies and publish photos without a PC
1	Low price; Acceptable for an adult who will settle for just okay. 
1	Low price; Acceptable for an adult who will determine for just sanction. 
0	tray location, defaulted to color printing and copying
0	tray location, defaulted to discolour printing and copying
1	Size, features, looks
1	Size, features, face
0	Very weak
0	selfsame weak
0	I have not found the cons yet.
0	I have not ascertain the cons yet.
1	Speedy printing, photo quality
1	Speedy printing, photo select
1	Beautiful quality and very fast
1	Beautiful timber and very fast
0	Bulky
0	bulky
1	Fairly inexpensive; separate ink cartridges
1	Fairly inexpensive; branch ink cartridges
0	pricey
0	pricy
0	small screen, no download capabilities, no polyphonic ringtone, no built-in (or attachable) camera
0	pocket-size screenland, no download capabilities, no polyphonic ringtone, no built-in (or attachable) camera
1	Price, quality of printout, versatility
1	toll, quality of printout, versatility
1	Prints quickly, great color quality for the price, quiet, good looks, simple to use and set up
1	Prints quickly, great color quality for the price, muted, good looks, simple to habituate and position up
1	very good picture quality and easy to use
1	very good picture quality and easy to habit
1	Newer low price. Good Resolution. Good close up pics.
1	Newer low price. sound Resolution. Good close up pics.
0	Battery life could be better (ok for me though).  No Web access (like R289)
0	shelling life could be skilful (ok for me though).  No Web access (like R289)
0	Ink cartridges are expensive.
0	Ink magazine are expensive.
0	Poor manufacture and durability.
0	Poor construct and durability.
0	pricy, bigger than nokia 7650
0	pricy, bad than nokia 7650
0	a whole lot
0	a whole portion
0	Large and heavy, average performance.
0	Large and fleshy, average performance.
0	costly customer support
0	high-priced customer support
1	Four great features, great printing quality, 
1	Four great features, big printing quality, 
1	very small and lightweight
1	very small and jackanapes
1	Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
1	commodity reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.terzetto megapixel camera
0	Charger connection fails. Known issue. Out of warranty.
0	Charger connection bomb. Known issue. Out of warranty.
1	portable, durable, lightweight
1	portable, durable, whippersnapper
0	Color cartridges are high cost
0	colorize cartridges are high cost
1	Easy to Use, Great Picture Quality
1	Easy to Use, big Picture Quality
0	only a 2x lens, Eats alkalines for lunch
0	only a 2x lense, Eats alkalines for lunch
1	Ease of use, Price of toner, Quality of copies
1	Ease of purpose, Price of toner, Quality of copies
0	design flaws and missing features, marginal image quality
0	design flaws and missing features, marginal epitome quality
1	This camera is compact, easy to use,has very good photo quality, and is inexpensive!
1	This camera is compact, light to use,has very unspoilt photo quality, and is cheap!
1	Cheap, Reliable, Accurate, Excellent print quality
1	Cheap, Reliable, Accurate, Excellent print choice
1	28mm-200mm zoom,4xAA batteries,manual zoom,49mm filter thread,elec.viewfinder
1	28mm-200mm zoom,4xAA shelling,manual zoom,49mm trickle thread,elec.viewfinder
0	To print it out, you need a high quality printer
0	To impress it out, you need a high-pitched quality printer
1	Very simple use
1	Very simple utilise
1	Superior Camera
1	higher-ranking Camera
1	Beautiful output
1	Beautiful outturn
1	faster, accufeed paper handling, USB support
1	faster, accufeed theme handling, USB support
1	Awesome prints, photo process quality, has color &amp; b/w at the same time.
1	Awesome prints, photo process quality, has coloration &amp; b/watt at the same time.
0	Some complexity of menus/settings, need to stabilize for telephoto shots
0	Some complexity of menus/setting, need to stabilize for telephoto snapshot
0	nothing
0	naught
0	Software is slow and unresponsive at times, startup takes minutes
0	Software is slow and unresponsive at sentence, startup return minutes
1	Fast, Durable, High Quality Printing
1	fasting, Durable, High Quality Printing
0	Price of accessories.
0	terms of accessories.
0	Appalling sound quality. Ridiculous hands-free. And very poor screen.
0	Appalling intelligent quality. Ridiculous hands-free. And very poor screen.
1	Excellent Print Quality, Fast &amp;amp; Quiet, USB Interface
1	Excellent Print Quality, truehearted &amp;amp; Quiet, USB Interface
1	tiny size, customizable, mimics a PDA, still very &quot;hip&quot;
1	tiny size, customizable, mimics a PDA, tranquillize very &quot;hep&quot;
0	Price a little high at $299... but, it's the best phone I've ever owned.
0	Price a fiddling high at $299... but, it's the best phone I've ever have.
1	Price, speed, quality, ease of use/installation
1	Price, speed, quality, alleviate of use/installation
1	Fast, Scalable, and Easy Software.
1	Fast, scalable, and Easy Software.
0	None yet
0	None nevertheless
0	none
0	none
1	Tiny, cute, good pictures!
1	Tiny, cute, beneficial pictures!
0	Poor quality, mediocre reception, lack of accessories
0	Poor quality, fair reception, lack of accessories
0	Miniscule keyboard.  Price will make your wallet bleed.
0	Miniscule keyboard.  Price will name your wallet bleed.
1	Easy to use, picture galleries, self-adjusting flash
1	Easy to habit, picture galleries, self-adjusting flash
0	Battery life
0	shelling life
0	scanning software, scanner is very loud on return motion
0	scanning software, scanner is very loud on riposte motion
0	cheesy lenscap
0	bum lenscap
1	Excellent color and lighting, full of features.
1	Excellent colouration and lighting, full of features.
1	Prints, Scans, and Copies. Ink relatively inexpensive. Ink last over 70 years.
1	Prints, Scans, and Copies. Ink relatively inexpensive. Ink finis over LXX years.
1	lots of features: speaker phone, built in camera, attractive case
1	hatful of features: speaker phone, built in camera, attractive typeface
1	Small size, Battery life, Color screen
1	Small size, Battery life, Color filmdom
1	Light weight, long battery life, voice activated dialing.
1	Light weight, long battery life, representative activated dialing.
0	bland color, digital zoom degrades images
0	bland colorise, digital zoom degrades images
1	Great sound quality and lots of useful features on an easy to read display.
1	expectant sound quality and circle of useful features on an easy to read display.
1	Small, many many features
1	little, many many features
1	Storage capacity, features, service
1	warehousing capacity, features, service
0	no optical zoom
0	no optical soar
1	Great optics, 4X optical zoom lens, system capabilities.
1	large optics, 4X optical zoom lens, system capabilities.
0	picture quality, cost
0	envision quality, cost
1	Very light weight. Good clear outdoor daytime pictures.
1	Very light weight. secure clear outdoor daytime pictures.
1	Awesome Print Quality, Quick Photo printing, Quiet.
1	Awesome Print Quality, Quick Photo impress, Quiet.
0	No attached telephone or "moniter" function for dialing.  
0	No committed telephone or "moniter" function for dialing.  
1	Compact, sturdy, great features, great quality
1	Compact, uncompromising, great features, great quality
1	easy to use
1	soft to use
1	Outstanding Print Quality.
1	owing Print Quality.
0	Slightly slow for color
0	Slightly slacken for color
0	Comes with a small memory card.
0	Comes with a small memory tease.
0	No 2.5 mm headset jack, but this is easily fixed with a $3 adapter.
0	nobelium 2.5 mm headset jack, but this is easily desexualise with a $three adapter.
1	Fun while it lasts, until you drop it too many times
1	Fun while it finale, until you driblet it too many times
0	Software glitches, occasional crashes, hard to push buttons but I accept them all.
0	Software glitches, occasional crashes, intemperately to push buttons but I consent them all.
0	Slow
0	slack
0	only one- no DOS printing
0	only one- no ut printing
0	shoulder strap was hard to install until I read the instructions
0	shoulder strap was surd to install until I understand the instructions
0	Not a flip-phone!
0	not a flip-phone!
1	Thrifty operation, excellent photo printing, reasonably fast, works with Mac OS X and OS 9
1	Thrifty operation, excellent photo printing, reasonably riotous, play with Mac OS ecstasy and OS 9
0	Battery Life, made out of poor plastic , can not play internet games on this.
0	Battery Life, construct out of poor plastic , can not trifle internet games on this.
1	Overall styling of camera, quality of images, convenience
1	Overall styling of camera, quality of images, gadget
0	Some paper jams. 
0	approximately paper jams. 
0	Poor cartridge performance, problems with paper feeder
0	Poor pickup performance, problems with paper feeder
1	See review
1	See revaluation
0	Menus sometimes a little fiddly.
0	card sometimes a little fiddly.
0	No date stamp function, Lens cap can damage telephoto.
0	No date stamp go, Lens cap can damage telephoto.
0	battery consumption, auto-focus system
0	battery ingestion, auto-focus system
0	no cables included, expensive
0	no line included, expensive
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
0	debile resonate! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
1	great image quality, low price
1	majuscule image quality, low price
1	great features, low price. 
1	great features, gloomy price. 
0	Needs adapter for USB, 
0	motive adapter for USB, 
1	great pics at affordable price
1	great flick at affordable price
0	NO ZOOM?
0	no ZOOM?
0	haven't seen any!
0	haven't realise any!
1	Affordable, 12ppm,  good print, cool features, small, easy setup, quick startup
1	Affordable, 12ppm,  good impress, cool features, humble, easy setup, quick startup
0	Slow and print could be better
0	Slow and print could be meliorate
1	sexy, sleek look, great reception and voice quality, amazing battery life
1	sexy, sleek look, neat reception and vocalism quality, amazing battery life
1	Good pictures, set of features
1	Good pictures, set of boast
0	Kind-of Bulky in Malls
0	Kind-of Bulky in mall
0	no zoom
0	no soar
0	Have to reset the date every time batteries come out.
0	let to reset the date every time shelling come out.
1	Resolution, Magnesium Body, USB Interface
1	resolving, Magnesium Body, USB Interface
0	Does only 1-way, not 2-way, text messaging, fragile, especially antenna.
0	dress only 1-way, not 2-way, text messaging, fragile, especially feeler.
1	Great output, much bang for the money!
1	bang-up output, much bang for the money!
1	Style.  Voice dialing.  Easy to set silent mode.  Compact design.  Good battery.
1	Style.  vocalize dialing.  Easy to set silent mode.  Compact design.  unspoiled battery.
1	stylish, nice features, easy to read screen, custom settings
1	stylish, nice features, easy to read screen, custom mount
0	paper jams
0	paper jampack
0	You have to have a good printer to get good pictures
0	You have to have a good printer to beat good envision
1	Nikon quality, all Nikon lenses will work. , Image quality very good. 
1	Nikon quality, all Nikon lenses will work. , image prime very good. 
0	digital zoom, not optical. That's about it!
0	digital zoom, not optic. That's about it!
1	Great Price on the PDC-640 Right Now.
1	Great Price on the PDC-640 rightfield Now.
0	You MUST buy more than the camera itself.
0	You MUST steal more than the camera itself.
0	None.  A very good value!
0	None.  A very beneficial value!
1	Zoom capability, image clarity, software
1	Zoom capability, look-alike clarity, software
1	LOVE THE CLARITY AND THE COLOR &amp;amp; SO EASY TO USE!
1	LOVE THE CLARITY AND THE COLOR &amp;A; SO EASY TO purpose!
0	the price
0	the terms
1	Lots of functions
1	Lots of affair
0	Poor battery life, sluggish user interface, large antenna sticking out
0	Poor battery life, sluggish user interface, expectant antenna stick out
1	lots of features for good price
1	lots of features for skillful price
0	Modest storage, no USB cable included, have to download detailed manual
0	low memory, no USB cable included, have to download detailed manual
0	small screen for mobile web
0	little screen for mobile web
1	Fairly quiet, fair speed, reasonable print quality
1	Fairly smooth, fair speed, reasonable print quality
0	Never a leader, it has fallen well behind the field in features and price.
0	Never a leader, it has fallen considerably behind the domain in features and price.
1	HP quality, never jams, quiet, nice photo output
1	HP quality, never jams, quiet, squeamish photo output
0	Low megapixel, Poor picture quality indoors, limited extra features.
0	Low megapixel, Poor picture quality indoors, limited extra boast.
1	-rotating lens, zoom, varying resolution settings
1	-rotating lens, zoom, alter resolution settings
1	The 5MG camera is high quality
1	The 5MG camera is richly quality
0	Slow response time, slight over-exposure, no charger or power adapter included.
0	tiresome response time, little over-exposure, no charger or power adapter included.
1	Nice color screen. Easy ability to download ringers.  Slender and light.
1	Nice color screen. soft ability to download clone.  Slender and light.
1	Fast, Versatile and Economical
1	degenerate, Versatile and Economical
1	Great Ink Jet Printer For Basic Computer Users
1	Great Ink Jet Printer For Basic figurer Users
1	Sony's Info-Lithium Battery, Memory Stick Capabilities, Very User Friendly
1	Sony's Info-Lithium Battery, Memory Stick Capabilities, identical User Friendly
1	It is light weight and compact and prints well.  The scanner option is a cool idea. 
1	It is light burthen and thickset and prints wellspring.  The scanner option is a cool idea. 
0	small capacity ink cartridges, printer cable not included 
0	diminished capacity ink cartridges, printer cable not included 
0	Haven't found one yet!
0	Haven't found unrivaled yet!
1	Great photo printing!!
1	nifty photo printing!!
1	reputation of company, reflective material, weight, ease of use, handles 
1	reputation of company, reflective material, weight, relieve of usance, handles 
1	Tiny, great sound (ringing, talking, music), Nokia reliability, easy to use & customize, flight mode
1	Tiny, great sound (ringing, talking, music), Nokia reliability, easy to practice & customize, flight fashion
1	cheap, easy to use
1	meretricious, easy to use
0	Poor drivers, software glitches. Poor support.
0	Poor drivers, software glitches. Poor patronise.
0	Poor manual controls unsuitable for pros
0	pathetic manual controls unsuitable for pros
1	Compact, speed, well drivers, good detail of image, up to 68 Mb, flash, reasonable price
1	covenant, speed, well drivers, good detail of envision, up to 68 Mb, meretricious, reasonable price
1	Easy to set up,easy to use
1	Easy to countersink up,easy to use
0	A little pricey
0	A little costly
0	Photo cartridges are 45 dollars, stopped working in less than a year, big and bulky
0	exposure cartridges are 45 dollars, stopped make in less than a year, braggy and bulky
1	Great compared with others like it.
1	expectant compared with others like it.
0	Small Wheels, Small Basket, Not Cheap
0	Small Wheels, Small Basket, Not gimcrack
1	its bundled with a lot of extras!
1	its bundled with a mass of extras!
1	Many features.
1	Many feature.
0	Menu Joystick is difficult to manipulate, Buttons are too small.  Camera accessory is horrible.
0	Menu Joystick is difficult to rig, Buttons are too small-scale.  Camera accessory is horrible.
0	very limited faceplates, little hard to get used to. Terrrible echo
0	very limited faceplates, petty hard to stick used to. Terrrible echo
0	Control panel, hard to remove side panel
0	Control jury, hard to remove side panel
0	Expensive
0	expensive
0	Cheap Printer
0	chinchy Printer
1	Easy to set up, sharp pictures
1	comfortable to set up, sharp pictures
1	Folds up compactly, Durable, Well Made, Canopy pulls all the way forward.
1	Folds up compactly, Durable, fountainhead piss, Canopy pulls all the way forward.
1	Speed, clarity, speed, ease of use, speed, separate ink tanks, speed.
1	Speed, pellucidity, speed, ease of use, hurry, separate ink tanks, speed.
0	Poorly designed headset and charger jacks are VERY hard to insert.
0	Poorly designed headset and charger jackfruit are VERY heavy to insert.
0	cool
0	sang-froid
1	Fast focus,well built,nice price!
1	debauched focus,well built,nice price!
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of enjoyment
1	easy to fold, fits in small spaces, lightweight, easy to maneuver
1	well-fixed to fold, suit in small spaces, lightweight, easy to maneuver
0	LCD screen has failed on two of my Kyocera 2235's; cheap build quality
0	LCD screen has failed on two of my Kyocera 2235's; trashy habitus quality
1	cartridges won't put a whole in your wallet, it is small, dual cartrage system
1	cartridges won't position a unhurt in your wallet, it is small, dual cartrage system
0	DUST INSIDE lens. Barrel distortion.
0	disperse INSIDE lens. Barrel distortion.
1	Great pictures, Cost
1	smashing pictures, Cost
1	Very easy to use. Great picture quality for the price. Easy upload.
1	Very easy to role. Great photo quality for the price. Easy upload.
1	Lightweight, great screen resolutoin, logical menu and navigation.
1	Lightweight, corking screen resolutoin, logical menu and navigation.
0	Size, initial cost (street price $290-$350)
0	Size, initial price (street price $290-$350)
1	Nice size, can change colors, antenna, and key pad lights
1	Nice size, can change colourise, antenna, and key pad dismount
0	Battery life, form factor.
0	Battery life, signifier factor.
1	takes great photos
1	hire great photos
1	Great for Kids Schoolwork
1	keen for Kids Schoolwork
0	Dim backlight; Non-flip
0	shadowy backlight; Non-flip
1	Reliable, good print.
1	Reliable, honest print.
0	VERY slow transfers with serial cable model, not professional level photography
0	very slow transfers with serial cable model, not professional tied photography
1	Small, Great Features
1	Small, large Features
1	free with AT&T Wireless Service, good clarity
1	free with AT&T Wireless Service, secure clarity
1	Small Size
1	modest Size
1	Still thinking here
1	silent thinking here
0	None
0	none
1	user friendly, fun, easy to use, good manual, light
1	exploiter friendly, fun, easy to use, good manual, light
0	system is bulky
0	organization is bulky
0	Poor zoom picture quality
0	Poor zoom depiction quality
1	Wonderful photos, delete what you don't like, easy
1	Wonderful photos, edit what you don't like, easy
0	Need more pixels!!
0	motive more pixels!!
1	it is simple to use 
1	it is simple to habit 
0	When printing photos uses a lot of ink - but they are great pictures!
0	When printing photos US a lot of ink - but they are big pictures!
0	Not compatible with all Macintosh system, only 8mb internal memory
0	Not compatible with all Macintosh arrangement, only 8mb internal remembering
1	LCD, 1.3 MP, Auto Everything, Great build quality!
1	LCD, 1.threesome MP, Auto Everything, Great build quality!
0	none that I can think of
0	none that i can think of
1	Great look and feel like a quality 35mm camera.
1	Great look and flavour like a quality 35mm camera.
1	Cheap, great photos, point and shoot away!
1	punk, great photos, point and shoot away!
1	Easy to use.
1	Easy to apply.
1	Battery Life, Easy to operate.
1	Battery Life, soft to operate.
0	price, standard zoom features
0	price, standard soar features
0	short battery life; usb did not come with the camera
0	unretentive battery aliveness; usb did not come with the camera
1	Buttons should be at top
1	Buttons should be at exceed
0	1.6X Focal length multiplication 
0	i.6X Focal length multiplication 
0	low resolution
0	grim resolution
1	Replaceable ink tanks; Ease of use; Excellent value;
1	Replaceable ink tanks; Ease of use; Excellent evaluate;
1	easy to configure
1	well-heeled to configure
0	External antenna can break off, camera is behind current standards.
0	External antenna can separate off, camera is tooshie current standards.
0	photo size restrictions
0	photo sizing restrictions
1	Cheap, beautiful and fast printing and very very quiet
1	Cheap, beautiful and fasting printing and very very quiet
1	Cheap, small, LOTS of features, multiple alarms
1	Cheap, small, batch of features, multiple alarms
1	QWERTY keyboard, speakerphone, FM radio, distribution lists, voice dialing.
1	QWERTY keyboard, speakerphone, FM radio, distribution lists, articulation dialing.
1	Great Price, Great Images,Ease of use
1	dandy Price, Great Images,Ease of use
1	Cheap.
1	meretricious.
1	Sturdy, Remote Control, Large LCD Display, Digital Zoom, 3.34 Mega Pixel
1	Sturdy, Remote ascendency, Large LCD showing, Digital Zoom, 3.34 Mega Pixel
1	Compact and Stylish
1	compress and Stylish
1	Great specs, great value, CompactFlash, USB, extras, software, support
1	Great specs, great value, CompactFlash, USB, extras, software, reinforcement
0	slow recycle time
0	tardily recycle time
0	more for simple projects, as a homework
0	more for simple projection, as a homework
1	Beefy build, Loud enough to be heard, Decent display, Decent keypad layout.
1	Beefy build, forte enough to be try, Decent display, Decent keypad layout.
1	Decent print quality, large format, some interesting software
1	Decent print calibre, large format, some interesting software
0	very low pixels,high battery usage
0	very low-spirited pixels,high battery usage
0	Reception, UI, irritating "gamey" features
0	Reception, UI, bother "gamey" features
0	The large capacity color ink cartridge is $60+...
0	The turgid capacity color ink cartridge is $60+...
1	Professional quality, more features than you could ever wish for, excellent quality of photos
1	Professional quality, more features than you could ever wish for, splendid quality of photo
1	low-cost, good quality
1	low-cost, honorable quality
1	Looks cool, nice menu system, great color screen.
1	Looks cool, nice menu system, great gloss screen.
0	No fax or auto-feeder
0	nobelium fax or auto-feeder
1	good sound, small size
1	good legal, small size
0	Poor battery life.  Nonstandard battery  Low picture memory.  Low Quality pictures.
0	Poor bombardment life.  Nonstandard battery  Low painting memory.  Low Quality pictures.
0	Tell Me When You Find Some
0	Tell Me When You encounter Some
1	IT WORKED FOR 5 MINUTES
1	IT function FOR 5 MINUTES
0	Annoying green light in Viewer window.
0	Annoying green easy in Viewer window.
0	One is better than none
0	One is amend than none
1	Compact, Customizable, Cheap if you know where to look
1	Compact, Customizable, garish if you know where to look
1	easy to navigate site, excellent prices
1	tardily to navigate site, excellent prices
1	Inexpensive ink. Fast with text.
1	Inexpensive ink. debauched with text.
0	Bulky and expensive
0	bulky and expensive
0	battery life, optional ac adaptor, up close pic quality
0	battery lifetime, optional ac adaptor, up close pic quality
1	Small
1	lowly
1	Generous features, High Resolution screen, Camera easy to use.
1	Generous features, High Resolution screen, Camera easily to use.
1	Great buy for the features and picture quality!
1	enceinte buy for the features and picture quality!
0	Can't print multiple pages on a single page
0	Can't print multiple pages on a I page
0	picture quality (if you don't read my review)
0	picture quality (if you don't take my review)
0	Unreliable camera and poor warranty service by Toshiba.  
0	unreliable camera and poor warranty service by Toshiba.  
1	Lab quality prints. Inexpensive, quite and fast.
1	Lab lineament prints. Inexpensive, quite and fast.
1	Decent color and quality for price
1	Decent vividness and quality for price
1	Many features without overkill, easy to use, quite reliable
1	Many features without overkill, well-heeled to use, quite reliable
1	lightweight and compact, sturdy, great in the rain
1	lightweight and compact, uncompromising, great in the rain
1	fairly easy to use, reliable, great features, fairly durable
1	fairly easy to role, reliable, great features, fairly durable
0	very small screen, poor Palm-Phone integration, no expansion
0	very small cover, poor Palm-Phone integration, no expansion
0	Incredibly bad decisions on movie file format.  Poor software
0	Incredibly bad decisions on movie charge format.  Poor software
1	Performance for the price
1	functioning for the price
1	Excellent picture quality, comes with great software, floppy disks, excellent LCD.
1	Excellent pic select, comes with great software, floppy disks, excellent LCD.
0	bad clip, annoying voicemail alert, no speakerphone, grainy pictures
0	bad clip, annoying voicemail alert, no speakerphone, grainy word-painting
0	Price is high for most consumers, size
0	Price is gamey for most consumers, size
0	switching on/off whenever it feels like
0	switching on/off whenever it experience like
0	Eats batteries, No Zoom/Wideangle adjustment button, Slow auto Focus
0	Eats batteries, No Zoom/Wideangle modification button, Slow auto focussing
1	Small, belt wearable, good reception, good software, vibrate mode, 'outside' led.
1	belittled, belt wearable, good reception, proficient software, vibrate mode, 'outside' led.
1	Highest print quality in its class.
1	Highest print caliber in its class.
0	Canopy is limited, "Child tray" is flimsy, Heavy (21 lbs), Seat adjuster is not great
0	Canopy is specify, "Child tray" is flimsy, arduous (21 lbs), induct adjuster is not great
0	Folding up a BIG hassle, heavy, feels cheap.  
0	Folding up a BIG hassle, heavy, feels tawdry.  
1	Fantastic reception; very long battery life; feature packed; speakerphone; easy to use intuitive menu.
1	Fantastic reception; very farsighted battery life; feature packed; speakerphone; easy to use intuitive fare.
0	NONE
0	none
1	Reasonable battery life, Compact Flash storage, nice pictures, zoom
1	Reasonable battery life, Compact heartbeat storage, nice pictures, zoom
0	Battery life, picture quality, size, weight, only 2MB memory card, no zoom, software, discontinued
0	Battery life, delineation caliber, size, weight, only 2MB memory card, no zoom, software, discontinued
0	low battery,cheap quality,bad reception, too small
0	low battery,cheap quality,forged reception, too small
0	Weak flash, no memory expansion slot, customer service
0	Weak jiffy, no memory expansion slot, customer service
0	color, battery life, internet inavalability (might just be me though).
0	color, battery living, internet inavalability (power just be me though).
1	five megapixels with P&amp;S ease of use
1	fin megapixels with P&amp;S ease of use
1	Two way radio, Many features
1	Two mode radio, Many features
0	Battery life not quite what is advertised. Antenna seems flimsy.
0	Battery living not rather what is advertised. Antenna seems flimsy.
0	Absolutely nothing!
0	Absolutely cypher!
1	Nikon quality, great photos, 4X zoom, good battery life, lots of functions
1	Nikon quality, great photos, 4X zoom, honorable battery life, peck of functions
1	Very small, easy to use, great features, amazing battery life
1	Very small, easy to purpose, great features, amazing battery lifetime
1	The best optics! Ease of use.
1	The scoop optics! Ease of use.
0	Volume level too low, possible problem with ringing consistently
0	Volume flat too low, possible problem with ringing consistently
0	Waiting for it to be delivered
0	Waiting for it to be redeem
0	None
0	none
0	Nothing important
0	nothing important
1	Horizontal paper feed, High resolution, relatively fast, relatively inexpensive
1	Horizontal paper feast, High resolution, relatively fast, relatively inexpensive
1	Compact, great first digital camera. Many extra features. Reasonable price.
1	Compact, keen first digital camera. Many additional features. Reasonable price.
1	Now people can get me, not just my pager!
1	Now people can contract me, not just my pager!
0	Autofocus difficult in low light &amp; at anything except full wide-angle.
0	Autofocus difficult in scurvy fall &amp; at anything except full wide-angle.
0	Battery does not last as long as it should.
0	Battery does not live as long as it should.
0	No USB connection (but take advantage of the free USB card reader coupon)
0	No USB link (but take advantage of the free USB card reader voucher)
1	excellent print quality, amazing speed, cheap ink, nice design
1	excellent print quality, nonplus speed, cheap ink, nice design
0	none
0	none
0	Every thing
0	Every matter
0	None
0	none
0	Max size is 8.5 x 14
0	Max size is eight.5 x 14
1	The battery life, loud ring tones and battery life.
1	The battery life, loud ring spirit and battery life.
1	Smallest Dot, superb color picture quality on Plain Paper
1	Smallest Dot, superb color depict quality on Plain Paper
0	Hard to find ink
0	intemperately to find ink
0	Everything
0	Everything
1	easy use and light weight,great picture quality
1	easygoing use and light weight,great picture quality
0	No LCD display, no flash
0	No LCD display, no swank
1	Great scanning, great printing, excellent copying
1	Great scanning, nifty printing, excellent copying
1	Not too Expensive
1	Not too expensive
0	Size,sometimes connection like any other cell phone
0	Size,sometimes connecter like any other cell phone
0	Slightly too big; PC link must be purchased separately
0	Slightly too gravid; PC link must be purchased separately
0	poor display, poor pictures of movement, small memory card
0	poor display, poor pictures of move, small memory card
1	Easy menu navagation
1	well-heeled menu navagation
0	battery life is terrible
0	battery life is dread
0	Battery life, sound quality
0	Battery life, voice quality
1	Great picture quality, easy to use.
1	big picture quality, easy to use.
1	High resolution and optical zoom features
1	High resolution and optical whizz features
1	EasyShare system makes fast picture transfer; easy e-mailing and printing; battery recharging
1	EasyShare system create fast picture transfer; light e-mailing and printing; battery recharging
1	Great Media Camera,  no use in having a video camera with this one!!!
1	keen Media Camera,  no employment in having a video camera with this one!!!
1	Great picture quality. Compact size.
1	gravid picture quality. Compact size.
0	I honestly don't feel like there are any!
0	I honestly don't sense like there are any!
0	Not compact size, attaching add-on lenses is a hassle
0	Not compact size, attaching add-on lenses is a plague
1	5-point harness; stands upright when folded; canopy; attached rain cover
1	5-point harness; bear just when folded; canopy; attached rain cover
0	After one paper jam things got very, very bad
0	After one paper jam things mystify very, very bad
1	Ease of use, phonebook
1	Ease of employ, phonebook
1	Full featured and lighweight
1	Full have and lighweight
1	reliable, won't break
1	reliable, won't split
1	all
1	all
1	Cheap, easy, good for the amateur photographer
1	Cheap, easy, adept for the amateur photographer
1	Affordable. Fast. Great Tech Support.
1	Affordable. Fast. swell Tech Support.
1	Compact Size, Zoom, small memory card, nice and clear images
1	Compact Size, Zoom, small storage card, nice and pass images
0	Slow, quality of prints, expensive print cartridges
0	deadening, quality of prints, expensive print cartridges
1	Stylish, cool, blue backlight, good battery time, great sound/speaker combo
1	Stylish, cool, blue backlight, good battery time, great well-grounded/talker combo
0	Paper trays somewhat flimsy
0	report trays somewhat flimsy
1	Text output is sharp, color pictures are good.
1	Text output is sharp, color envision are good.
0	The reception with ATT could be better. But its good enough.
0	The reception with ATT could be respectable. only its good enough.
0	I haven't had any reason to complain yet!
0	I haven't had any conclude to complain yet!
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
1	cracking reception in fringe areas, great clarity and superintendent voice recognition software
0	who needs all these features? haven't found the keylock yet
0	who needs all these features? haven't receive the keylock even
1	I own this camera, and its the best digital camera I have ever had!!!
1	I own this camera, and its the easily digital camera i have ever had!!!
0	Bulky, Fast Battery
0	Bulky, fasting Battery
0	Could be better at picking up a signal.
0	Could be better at piece up a signal.
1	Affordable, uses standard EOS lenses, nearly unsurpassable image quality, features.
1	Affordable, uses standard EOS lenses, nearly unsurpassable prototype choice, features.
0	Horrible company, horrible network.
0	atrocious company, horrible network.
1	Affordable, Rugged, Small, High Quality
1	Affordable, Rugged, Small, High quality
1	Inexpensive
1	cheap
1	Great buy for under $400, excellent pictures.
1	Great buy for under $400, excellent characterization.
1	Great size and great display.
1	Great size and majuscule display.
1	Easy to use feature loaded.
1	leisurely to use feature loaded.
1	Picture Quality
1	Picture select
1	Photo bliss. Extremely easy, many control options, high end features at a rock bottom price.
1	Photo bliss. Extremely well-off, many ascendence options, high terminal features at a rock bottom price.
0	A little bit too bulky.
0	A small bit too bulky.
1	sturdiness, comfort, easy to push, beautiful exterior
1	sturdiness, comfort, promiscuous to push, beautiful exterior
0	could use better lighting in keypad and display.
0	could use better light in keypad and display.
1	Great color display, ton of hi tech features, great design
1	corking color display, ton of hi tech features, nifty design
1	High megapixel, good features at a moderate price.  
1	High megapixel, skillful features at a moderate price.  
0	Not the smallest of the portables by far, but still a good one, need to change ink cartridges more often
0	Not the lowly of the portables by far, but tranquillize a good one, motivation to variety ink cartridges more often
0	1. The resolution is not as good as the 3+ mega pixel cameras available today. 2. THe price is not competitive enough
0	ace. The result is not as unspoilt as the 3+ mega pixel cameras available today. two. THe price is not competitive enough
1	It's clear, no roaming charges, &amp; lots of accessories
1	It's clear, no roaming charges, &amp; mess of accessories
0	Menu, size, cost
0	card, size, cost
0	Doesn't come with batteries (no biggie), somewhat bulky, movies w/o sound.
0	Doesn't seed with barrage (no biggie), somewhat bulky, movies w/o sound.
1	THE Honda civic of cell phones!
1	THE Honda civic of cell ring!
1	slim, lightweight, dependable, god sound clarity
1	reduce, lightweight, dependable, god sound clarity
0	Bad pictures at night time, Battery Life, Slighly oversized
0	sorry pictures at night time, Battery Life, Slighly oversized
0	none
0	none
0	ABOVE
0	supra
0	Price if you buy retail, but it's truly worth it.
0	Price if you buy retail, but it's really Worth it.
1	Low cost, good battery life, easy to use
1	blue cost, good battery life, easy to use
1	Excellent phone. Wonderful features
1	first-class phone. Wonderful features
1	It is easy, lightweight, and what a great price!
1	It is easy, lightweight, and what a majuscule price!
0	heavy and bulky
0	profound and bulky
1	Excellent service, good print quality
1	Excellent service, good print character
1	durable, lots of features, size, speaker phone, voice dialing
1	durable, lots of features, size, verbaliser phone, voice dialing
0	brakes must be set to fold and basket empty
0	brakes must be determine to fold and basket empty
0	Too small, hard to tell if camera responds.
0	Too small, hard to secernate if camera responds.
0	Lack of aux. flash, speed sticks only from Sony, 1-4 sec wait to snap picture
0	Lack of aux. flash, speed wedge only from Sony, 1-4 sec wait to photograph render
1	Another excellent Olympus digital camera, print feature a neat novelty.
1	Another excellent Olympus digital camera, print lineament a neat freshness.
0	ONLY A FEW VERY MINOR THINGS...READ Descrip
0	lone A FEW VERY MINOR THINGS...READ Descrip
1	High resolution CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, Quality Lens, 
1	High resolution CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, small, Portable, character Lens, 
1	Light, Good Quality, Fast, Reliable.
1	Light, good Quality, Fast, Reliable.
0	using LCD screen drains battery
0	using LCD test drains battery
0	Support, Features, Accessories
0	suffer, Features, Accessories
0	Limited ring tone selection.
0	Limited halo tone selection.
1	thin, awesome sound quality,low price, perfect!
1	sparse, awesome sound quality,low price, perfect!
0	Average speed, low paper supply.
0	Average speed, low paper add.
1	An excellent camera all round with many features
1	An excellent camera all bout with many features
0	awkward size, slow printing, poor paper handling
0	clumsy size, slow printing, poor paper handling
0	Slow color printing when you want good quality, doesn't listen.
0	tedious color printing when you want right quality, doesn't listen.
1	Ease of use, floppy disk format
1	Ease of use, floppy disc format
0	A little slow , probably not the best &amp;quot;business machine buy&amp;quot;
0	A little slow , probably not the respectable &amp;quot;business machine steal&amp;quot;
1	good quality,short video recording,microphone
1	good quality,shortstop video recording,microphone
0	4MB memory stick, useless mpeg movie mode, no infolithium battery included, slow flash recharge rate
0	4MB memory lodge, useless mpeg movie mode, no infolithium battery included, behind flashbulb recharge rate
0	Size of the GSP 1600 is not small but you get use to it.
0	Size of the GSP 1600 is not diminished but you stimulate use to it.
1	clear, small, and light weight
1	clear, small, and ignitor weight
0	slow battery charging speed
0	tardily battery charging speed
1	It does have some pretty cool games ;-)
1	It does have some somewhat cool games ;-)
0	Small memory card, needs rechargeable batteries and charger, lens cap easily lost, Viewfinder is off.
0	Small memory menu, needs rechargeable batteries and charger, lens chapiter easily doomed, Viewfinder is off.
0	weak reception, gets hot within 10 minutes of taking, no vibrate.
0	weak reception, mystify hot within 10 minutes of have, no vibrate.
0	Only compatible with Canon papers
0	Only compatible with Canon paper
0	This camera is slow to turn on, and does not have a very impressive zoom
0	This camera is dumb to routine on, and does not have a very impressive surge
0	Price. Should I have waited for the newer G3?
0	toll. Should I have waited for the newer G3?
0	Uses Batteries very fast if screen is used to take pictures
0	function barrage very fast if screen is used to take pictures
1	Speed and resolution, ultra quite mechanism, compact design, warranty
1	Speed and resolution, ultra quite mechanism, compact excogitation, warranty
1	great photo printing
1	great photograph printing
0	Low resolution, no optical zoom,  and eats batteries
0	Low declaration, no optical zoom,  and eats batteries
1	amazing image quality, Carl Zeiss 5x optical zoom lens, 2.6 mega-pixel resolution
1	amazing look-alike quality, Carl Zeiss 5x optical zoom lens, 2.6 mega-pixel settlement
1	Bang for the Buck, Mega-pixel, LCD for under $300
1	Bang for the Buck, Mega-pixel, LCD for under $ccc
1	Cheap, fair pictures
1	Cheap, fairish pictures
1	Lightweight, good features
1	Lightweight, skilful features
1	Compact size, ease of use, low power consumption, image quality
1	Compact size, still of exercise, low power consumption, image quality
1	Speaker phone is nice safety feature
1	Speaker phone is nice safety sport
0	Serial interface, strange battery
0	Serial interface, unusual battery
1	Excellent image quality, good battery life.
1	Excellent image quality, serious battery life.
1	Small, lightweight camera, big on features and performance.
1	Small, lightweight camera, magnanimous on features and performance.
1	small, good  quality, cheap
1	small, adept  quality, cheap
0	Very cheap construction.  Expensive Ink.
0	real cheap construction.  Expensive Ink.
0	Ink cartridges are more expensive
0	Ink pickup are more expensive
1	Good reception, bluetooth.
1	unspoilt reception, bluetooth.
0	Nextel service, digital only capability
0	Nextel servicing, digital only capability
1	Small, stylish, with lots of features and Automatic Call Divert
1	Small, stylish, with luck of feature and Automatic Call Divert
0	Does not have any.
0	DOE not have any.
1	Color screen, Phonebook, Text messaging, Alarm, speakerphone
1	colourize screen, Phonebook, Text messaging, Alarm, speakerphone
1	ease of use
1	ease of manipulation
0	Short battery life, most user settings are not saved when the camera is turned off
0	unawares bombardment life, most user settings are not relieve when the camera is turned off
0	mediocre battery life, very light on features, few accessories
0	mediocre battery life, very sparkle on features, few accessories
0	LCD screen not easy to clean
0	LCD screen not easy to clear
1	Point and Shoot Simplicity
1	repoint and Shoot Simplicity
1	It looks cool
1	It spirit cool
0	Expensive Ink, High Cost Per Page
0	Expensive Ink, mellow Cost Per Page
1	Weight, clarity of calls, design is fun.
1	Weight, clarity of bid, design is fun.
1	Small,  easy to use with quality pictures
1	Small,  slowly to use with quality pictures
0	too much money
0	too often money
0	No flash, Not for low light situations
0	No winkle, Not for low light situations
0	don't know of any
0	don't fuck of any
0	Very cheap and fragile lens cover, cheap fabrication.
0	really cheap and fragile lens cover, cheap fabrication.
1	Awesome quality printing
1	Awesome quality impress
1	convinent, pic and choose the pics u want
1	convinent, pic and choose the pic u want
0	Ugh ... i wish it had more wallpapers
0	Ugh ... i bid it had more wallpapers
0	canon paper is expensive
0	canon newspaper is expensive
0	Antenna is a bit long.
0	Antenna is a bit farseeing.
1	Great quality, price plus it is easy to use and hookup.
1	slap-up caliber, price plus it is easy to use and hookup.
1	Fast, USB, great interface, movie mode, continuous shooting, LiIon AAs included
1	Fast, USB, cracking interface, movie manner, continuous shooting, LiIon AAs included
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to role
0	not enough bang for the buck, bad connections
0	not enough slapdash for the buck, bad connections
1	It started the technology to give us the 6340I, battery life
1	It started the technology to contribute uranium the 6340I, battery life
0	Battery life, RINGER, Durability
0	barrage life, RINGER, Durability
1	Free, clear, vibrate mode, lots of different rings
1	Free, clear, vibrate mood, lots of different rings
1	Good looking; easy to open and close; easy to maneuver in tight spaces
1	adept looking; easy to assailable and close; easy to maneuver in tight spaces
1	superb pic quality, easy of use
1	superb flick quality, easy of use
0	Self-defeating thumb scroll power/mode button kills battery regularly
0	Self-defeating ovolo scroll power/mode button kills battery regularly
1	Tiny and easy to use
1	Tiny and easy to employ
1	Easy to take photo's with. Good quality photo's for the price.
1	Easy to take photo's with. good select photo's for the price.
0	Some difficulty restarting after paper jam.
0	Some difficulty resume after paper jam.
1	Handy cradle
1	Handy rocker
0	demonic possession, gurgles. :)
0	infernal possession, gurgles. :)
1	Good quality text and graphics, reasonably fast
1	Good quality text and graphics, sensibly fast
1	10x zoom, Small size, Full manual mode, Driver-less connection
1	10x zoom, Small size, replete manual mode, Driver-less connection
1	Floppy transfer is so easy
1	Floppy transfer is so well-off
0	phone can short out, battery life, kind of bulky
0	phone can short out, bombardment life, kind of bulky
0	Battery Life, Slow start up, Red-eye reduction not perfect, Customer Service
0	Battery Life, slack start up, Red-eye reduction not perfect, client Service
0	battery life, have to flip the flash
0	battery life, have to flip the brassy
0	Well, pretty much everything else.
0	good, pretty much everything else.
1	Great image quality, reliable, compatible with Mac &amp; Windows
1	Great image quality, reliable, compatible with mac &amp; Windows
1	Combines color palm & cell phone, full web browsing and email access
1	coalesce gloss palm & cell phone, full web browsing and email access
1	Setup, color, and cost
1	Setup, colourise, and cost
0	Almost TOO small in size; a bit difficult to plug charger into.
0	Almost TOO small in size; a second difficult to punch charger into.
1	Good technical support (they need it); nice copies; price
1	estimable technical support (they need it); nice copies; price
0	nothing yet.
0	nothing even.
1	This camera is a nice easy to use camera.
1	This camera is a overnice easy to use camera.
1	size, features, image quality
1	size, features, image choice
1	high quality
1	gamy quality
0	none yet
0	none heretofore
0	No outside on/off buttons to start the MP3 player.
0	No outdoors on/off buttons to scratch the MP3 player.
1	Reliable, economical, reasonably priced
1	Reliable, frugal, reasonably priced
0	very expensive ink jet cartridges.
0	very expensive ink spurt cartridges.
1	Nice screen, intuitive menu navigation.
1	Nice screen, intuitive menu pilotage.
1	Versatility, flat bed, networking, setup
1	Versatility, flat bed, networking, apparatus
1	great for casual users, nice features for price range, easy to use
1	big for casual users, nice features for price rate, easy to use
0	Original drivers, amount of ink too small
0	Original drivers, amount of ink too pocket-sized
0	Not Much.
0	Not lots.
0	difficult to open &amp;amp; close
0	difficult to undefended &amp;amp; close
1	Good price, Excellent photo quality, Excellent Value
1	Good price, splendid photo quality, Excellent Value
0	service, price
0	service, cost
1	ease of use, fast B/W prints, small driver footprint
1	relaxation of employment, fast B/W prints, small driver footprint
1	Excellent Printing/Scanning/Copying quality for the money
1	Excellent Printing/Scanning/re-create quality for the money
1	Excellent software programs
1	Excellent software broadcast
0	problems with paper jams and paper feeding
0	problems with paper jams and paper alimentation
1	Low price for a kids starter camera
1	Low price for a kidskin starter camera
0	No custom ringtones, average reception
0	No impost ringtones, average reception
0	Battery Life
0	Battery sprightliness
0	No bluetooth, vibration alert too weak, slow response time.
0	No bluetooth, vibration awake too weak, slow response time.
1	Metallic blue color is appealing.
1	Metallic down color is appealing.
1	Color screen is great, downloads are fun, battery life is very good, phone is light
1	Color screen is bang-up, downloads are fun, battery life is very salutary, call is light
0	Slow on/off time, voicemail rings(3 only), not many physical personalize options(face plates, antennas, etc)
0	Slow on/off time, voicemail ring(3 only), not many physical individualise options(case plates, antennas, etc)
1	easy to use takes great pics
1	easy to use convey great pics
1	Easy to use, quality pictures
1	comfortable to use, quality pictures
1	Looks, battery, features, compact, durable
1	Looks, battery, features, pack, durable
0	Canon is too cheap to include case or a larger compactflash card&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Canon is too chinchy to include lawsuit or a larger compactflash tease&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	No memory slot.
0	No remembering slot.
1	Easy to use, USB capable
1	slowly to use, USB capable
0	Integrated toner and drum cartridge
0	Integrated toner and drum pickup
0	Serial Cable
0	sequential Cable
1	Inexpensive to buy and use, good quality printing for home.
1	Inexpensive to buy and consumption, secure quality printing for home.
0	questionable paper feed mechanism; questionable durability
0	questionable paper prey mechanism; questionable durability
1	Incredible browsing, easy interface
1	Incredible browsing, easygoing interface
1	Amazing features that are technological marvels, a good phone,
1	Amazing features that are technological marvels, a dependable phone,
0	Came with defective print head.
0	arrive with defective print head.
1	Fantastic balance of portability, photo quality, battery life and capacity (with 256 MB SD card)
1	Fantastic balance of portability, picture prize, battery life and capacity (with 256 Mb SD card)
1	Great picture quality; simple to use
1	Great icon quality; simple to use
0	reliability, color, battery life.
0	reliability, color, battery spirit.
1	Sound, feel, weight, screen
1	Sound, find, weight, screen
1	ink cartridge lasts a long time
1	ink magazine lasts a long time
0	bulky, quirky performance
0	bulky, offbeat performance
1	Tiny size, good clip, nice array of features, great battery life.
1	tiny size, good time, nice array of features, great battery life.
1	Tiny
1	flyspeck
0	Discontinued model. 
0	Discontinued modeling. 
0	Frequently dropped calls; poor reception; sparratic powering off; random battery drainage
0	Frequently dropped calls; poor receipt; sparratic powering off; random shelling drainage
1	Excellent quality of images and has many functions that you can use in manual mode
1	Excellent quality of persona and has many occasion that you can utilization in manual mode
0	Somtimes screen blacks out
0	Somtimes cover blacks out
0	Big, sometimes heavy, battery eater, quicktime video clips with no sound...
0	bad, sometimes impenetrable, battery eater, quicktime video clips with no sound...
1	Price, output quality
1	Price, output character
0	computer produced pictures not top quality
0	computer produced depiction not top quality
0	Menu is a little complex and is to big to fit in your pocket.
0	Menu is a short complex and is to enceinte to fit in your pocket.
1	Takes very clear, crisp photos
1	remove very clear, crisp photos
0	sucky games
0	sucky punt
1	Good picture quality, inexpensive, basic features
1	Good pic quality, inexpensive, basic features
0	separate lens cap, slow shutter release in full automatic mode
0	separate lense cap, tardily shutter release in full automatic mode
0	Investment needed $200 to get this thing the way it should be.
0	Investment demand $200 to fetch this thing the way it should be.
0	some toner flaking if you print on the backside, no postscript support
0	some toner flaking if you print on the prat, no postscript underpin
0	None
0	none
0	Battery life, serial connection
0	Battery life, serial connective
1	Ease of use, great quality pictures, cost
1	simpleness of use, great quality pictures, cost
1	Great photos, fast, quiet, USB 2, individual ink tanks, separate print heads
1	slap-up photos, fast, quiet, USB 2, individual ink tanks, separate print straits
0	NONE
0	none
0	Need at  least $5500 to get started
0	Need at  least $5500 to arrest started
1	Large screen, clear reception
1	Large screen, sack reception
1	great features, small size
1	bang-up features, small size
1	EXTREMELY Fast, Great price, Photos are great
1	EXTREMELY degenerate, Great price, Photos are great
1	Long battery life.
1	Long battery life-time.
1	Light weight, nice belt clip, clear display, excellent battery.
1	promiscuous weight, nice belt clip, clear display, excellent battery.
1	User friendly, easy tutorials
1	User friendly, light tutorials
1	Incredibly small and thin, but usable.
1	fabulously small and thin, but usable.
0	Monochrome display.  (it's 1.5 years old.. can't complain much about monochrome)
0	Monochrome exhibit.  (it's ace.5 years old.. can't complain much about monochrome)
0	loud click, message memory runs out quick
0	loud dog, message memory runs out quick
1	Inexpensive, looks good, simple to use
1	Inexpensive, looks dependable, simple to use
0	Horrible quality.
0	Horrible calibre.
1	Compact size; ease of use
1	wad size; ease of use
0	No flash,zoom, or preview screen, only 4MB memory, auto-focus only
0	No photoflash,zoom, or preview screen, only 4MB store, auto-focus only
1	Simply amazing design, best text entry I've ever seen.
1	Simply amazing design, topper text entry I've ever seen.
0	Lack of mechanical zoom.
0	miss of mechanical zoom.
0	No zoom, low megapixels
0	No zoom, low-spirited megapixels
0	Long time between photos, bad in low-light conditions, HP charges for driver downloads now
0	yearn time between photos, bad in low-light conditions, HP kick for driver downloads now
0	Size
0	size
1	Small, affordable, small, voice dialing, SMALL!
1	Small, affordable, pocket-size, voice dialing, SMALL!
0	Battery usage, photos cloudy on zoom
0	Battery custom, photos cloudy on zoom
1	excellent print quality, ease of use
1	excellent print quality, ease of expend
1	high resolution, ease of use
1	high resolution, ease of usance
1	Incredibly sharp &amp; powerful (6X zoom)lens, comfortable to hold &amp; vivid colors
1	Incredibly sharp &amp; powerful (6X zoom)lens, comfortable to detention &amp; pictorial colors
0	Costs of replacing ink
0	Costs of substitute ink
1	Functionality, Reliability, Reception
1	Functionality, dependability, Reception
0	difficult to find
0	difficult to chance
0	Memory stick less convenient than floppys, and has limited storage
0	Memory stick less convenient than floppys, and has throttle warehousing
0	none
0	none
1	Very user friendly, nice size, nice software, easy setup.
1	Very user friendly, Nice size, nice software, easy setup.
1	Easy to use,great features,clear pictures,excellent price,plenty of storage.
1	Easy to use,great features,exonerated pic,excellent price,plenty of storage.
1	Lightweight, more features than other umbrella stroller, more compact than the full size models
1	Lightweight, more features than other umbrella saunterer, more compact than the full size framework
1	Sturdy, nice price, many features, easy manuverability.
1	Sturdy, nice price, many features, well-fixed manuverability.
1	All, the zoom, easy to use, and the resolution.
1	All, the zoom, comfortable to use, and the resolution.
1	nice size and shape,great features
1	dainty size and shape,great features
0	resolution, loading time, battery life
0	resolution, cargo time, battery life
1	Easy installation, easy hookup, great price
1	slowly installation, easy hookup, great price
1	see http://www.epinions.com/content_48058371716&#13;&#10;
1	ascertain http://www.epinions.com/content_48058371716&#13;&#10;
0	No flash, slight lens aberration on the edges
0	No flash, slight lens aberration on the march
0	So many options and settings- sometimes it's hard to find what you want changed.
0	So many options and settings- sometimes it's hard to incur what you want switch.
0	No macro mode, no optical zoom, touchy joystick control, 
0	No macro mode, no optical zoom, touchy joystick see, 
1	Great reception, compact, intuitive, all the Nokia features we know & love.
1	bang-up reception, compact, intuitive, all the Nokia features we know & fuck.
1	easy, light, different types of photos
1	comfortable, light, different types of photos
1	Size, Size, ans Size.
1	Size, size, ans Size.
0	sometimes crashes, power connector doesn't always set right, interface awkward in places
0	sometimes crashes, power connector doesn't always limit right, interface awkward in commit
0	even extended battery is terrible, very bad reception
0	even drawn-out battery is terrible, very bad reception
0	flash weak for big areas
0	gaudy weak for big areas
1	Fast, excellent connectivity, light on tonner
1	Fast, excellent connectivity, perch on tonner
1	Great price, seems to handle paper well, good quality output.
1	Great price, seems to cover paper well, good prime output.
1	Cheap, sturdy, good print quality,
1	chintzy, sturdy, good print quality,
1	Small, high quality, fast
1	Small, high quality, libertine
1	Simplicity and reliability.  Uses commonly available "consumables"
1	Simplicity and dependableness.  Uses commonly available "consumables"
0	Can eat ink cartridges
0	rear eat ink cartridges
1	very easy to use
1	very easy to habituate
1	good sized, fairly quiet
1	good sized, fairly placidity
1	Feminine qualities. Sleek design. Clear, colorful screen.
1	Feminine tone. Sleek design. Clear, colorful screen.
1	Lightweight, long zoom AND macro!, manual and automatic settings, GREAT flash, much more!
1	Lightweight, long zoom AND macro!, manual and automatic settings, large flashbulb, much more!
1	No film, or developing, uses a floppy disk
1	No film, or developing, manipulation a floppy disk
1	Small,Easy to use
1	Small,Easy to role
0	the price
0	the terms
0	Terrible zoom, fixed focal length
0	Terrible zoom, sterilize focal length
0	Frequently overused and akward to carry
0	Frequently overused and akward to persuade
0	Pricey, limited features, only carried by T-mobile currently.
0	Pricey, confine features, only carried by T-mobile currently.
1	Great low price. Good print quality
1	Great low price. undecomposed print quality
0	could be faster
0	could be firm
0	charging, battery
0	consign, battery
1	Small, Portable, Protects the lense while not in use, price
1	minor, Portable, Protects the lense while not in use, cost
1	Features, size
1	have, size
0	Printer takes a little longer to print out color projects
0	Printer direct a footling longer to print out color projects
1	good camera for the price, can get 4 meg memory sticks for it
1	effective camera for the price, can get 4 meg memory vex for it
1	Cushy, classy, comfortable 
1	Cushy, classy, well-off 
1	LIGHT STURDY SLEEK IN STYLE
1	dismount STURDY SLEEK IN STYLE
1	well, it's small (ha! if you chop off the fat antenna!), the cool tetris game
1	well, it's humble (HA! if you chop off the fat antenna!), the cool tetris punt
0	Complicated settings and long downloads
0	Complicated background and long downloads
0	Not a laser.
0	not a laser.
1	Lightweight, sturdy, easy to steer, easy to open and close, compact.
1	Lightweight, sturdy, well-off to steer, easy to open and penny-pinching, compact.
1	Small, light, easy to use, eye-catching
1	Small, light, easy to use, attention-getting
1	great printing quality, great ad features
1	bully printing quality, great ad features
1	"All in one", Takes up little space, Brand name, Quick
1	"All in one", admit up little space, Brand name, quick
0	Disappointing if you're accustomed to Nikon pro equipment!
0	Disappointing if you're customary to Nikon pro equipment!
0	Price
0	price
1	Easy to Use, Decent Battery Life, Inexpensive
1	comfortable to Use, Decent Battery Life, Inexpensive
1	HP, Easy to use, reliable, expandable, two paper exit paths, envelope support
1	HP, Easy to use, reliable, expandible, two paper exit paths, envelope confirm
1	Easy, Easy, Easy
1	Easy, Easy, wanton
1	Compact, Clarity, Ease of Use, BlueTooth, IR modem
1	heavyset, Clarity, Ease of Use, BlueTooth, IR modem
0	Screen could be brighter.
0	filmdom could be brighter.
0	none for me
0	none for me
0	but cheap product!
0	but gaudy product!
1	Excellent print quality for a low price
1	Excellent print quality for a depleted price
1	size, battery life, blue screen
1	size, battery sprightliness, blue screen
1	Small, ergonomic design. Loads of features. Great performance. Free!
1	Small, ergonomic design. Loads of features. swell performance. Free!
0	none
0	none
1	Good call quality, strong signal, long battery life, lightweight
1	Good yell quality, strong signal, long battery life, lightweight
0	can eliminate all shots if not careful with erase
0	can decimate all shots if not careful with erase
1	good looking photos when they would print
1	good calculate photos when they would print
0	Everything else
0	Everything else
0	Only comes with 16mb compact flash card and 4 Alkaline Batteries.
0	Only arrive with 16mb compact flash card and IV Alkaline Batteries.
1	quick radio communications
1	nimble radio communications
1	Price, Quality, Ease of use, Features.
1	Price, Quality, Ease of practice, Features.
0	none for me
0	none for me
1	Great picture quality for a good price
1	peachy picture quality for a good price
0	NOT VISION ENABLED, This phone is not or never will support vision.
0	NOT vision ENABLED, This phone is not or never will affirm vision.
0	menu navigation too complicated, not enough "go to" and one-touch commands, speaker quality
0	menu navigation too complicated, not enough "depart to" and one-touch commands, verbalizer quality
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice energizing, display uncloudedness, ringtone selection
0	s/w crashed WIN98 system, bulky compared to other models.  No A/C charger, small 8MB card.
0	s/w crashed WIN98 system, bulky compared to other pose.  No adenine/C charger, small 8MB add-in.
0	Optimum settings for color-managed work flow not obvious; slow printing for max quality
0	Optimum settings for color-managed work flow not obvious; slow printing for scoop choice
0	rate is a little high
0	rate is a piddling high
0	Expensive ink, , Pictures don't last long
0	Expensive ink, , Pictures don't final long
1	Awesome print quality, fast and quiet. Consistent color and tones.
1	Awesome print quality, profligate and quiet. Consistent color and quality.
0	Easily damaged if dropped
0	Easily damaged if miss
1	Size, looks
1	Size, await
1	Ease of use and wonderful Pictures! Great pictures and easy to learn! 
1	Ease of use and wonderful visualize! gravid pictures and easy to learn! 
0	Not compatible with Mac.
0	Not compatible with mackintosh.
1	nice quality and features, looks nice on your desktop, nice size
1	nice quality and boast, tone nice on your desktop, nice size
0	Price, Battery, Accessories, New GUI not very user friendly
0	Price, Battery, Accessories, young GUI not very user friendly
0	Battery life seems awful short
0	Battery life seems direful short
0	Bigger than "small" cell phones, uses Palm-style inverse backlighting
0	prominent than "small" cell phones, uses Palm-style inverse backlighting
1	Beautiful photos when it was working. Fast card reader.
1	Beautiful photos when it was form. Fast card reader.
1	3 wheels are better than 4
1	3 wheels are near than 4
1	Great quality no-nonsense phone.
1	Great quality no-nonsense earpiece.
0	flash is not overpowered, 7-8 second recycle time
0	flash is not overpower, 7-8 second recycle time
1	Cheap
1	chinchy
0	Moderate battery life, no USB connection
0	Moderate battery lifespan, no USB connection
0	Only works with some versions of windows. Ink is expensive, speed is horrible
0	Only go with some versions of windows. Ink is expensive, hotfoot is horrible
0	Lens cover appears flimsy.
0	Lens brood appears flimsy.
0	Costly paper and ink, and not much paper to choose from by Epson
0	Costly theme and ink, and not much wallpaper to choose from by Epson
1	All in one, when it works
1	All in one, when it sour
0	poor picture quality, questionable quality control
0	poor picture quality, confutable quality control
0	shutter lag, drains alkaline batteries quickly, no neck strap included
0	shutter lag, drainpipe alkaline batteries quickly, no neck strap include
0	None that I can think of
0	None that I can opine of
1	Small, Flip design, Net capable, Voicemail, 2 way radio, caller ID
1	Small, Flip design, clear capable, Voicemail, 2 manner radio, caller ID
1	Separate ink tanks, USB, fast, quiet, $20USD factory rebate
1	Separate ink tanks, USB, fast, tranquillize, $20USD factory rebate
1	Great Product 
1	smashing Product 
0	You MUST read the manual and play with the camera settings!
0	You MUST interpret the manual and manoeuvre with the camera settings!
0	Hard to navigate, Battery is awkward, No seperate snd/end buttons
0	grueling to navigate, Battery is awkward, No seperate snd/cease buttons
0	Mediocre battery life, Keypad response
0	Mediocre battery aliveness, Keypad response
1	nice simple messaging features, excellent color display,  reasonable battery life
1	courteous simple messaging features, excellent colouring display,  reasonable battery life
1	Excellent image in daylight conditions
1	Excellent see in daylight conditions
1	Very light and narrow.  Extremely easy to get through narrow aisles.
1	Very alight and narrow.  Extremely easy to experience through narrow aisles.
1	stylish, flexible, manner mode button, good reception and sound
1	stylish, flexible, manner mode button, skillful reception and sound
1	Speed, quality, color, price
1	Speed, timber, color, price
0	Menu System, Battery Life, No Add on Face Plates. Phone Dents easily
0	Menu System, shelling biography, No Add on Face Plates. Phone Dents easily
1	Lightweight, carrying case, shoulder strap for carrying, reclining seat, rain shield
1	Lightweight, deport case, shoulder strap for carrying, reclining nates, rain shield
0	An ink hog
0	An ink grunter
0	no lens cover
0	no Lens cover
0	Buggy Macintosh software, paper feed is not straight. 
0	whacky Macintosh software, paper feed is not straight. 
1	Price, Refillable?
1	price, Refillable?
1	Super easy to use
1	extremely easy to use
1	See above
1	discover above
0	Case, needs a reboot now and then,  volume button, general lack of buttons.
0	type, needs a reboot now and then,  volume button, general miss of buttons.
0	Poor quality
0	Poor timber
0	odd, boxy shape that isn't all that ergonomic. takes awhile for pictures to load into the camera's memory after taking them. cruddy battery life.  get NIMH rechargeables with a fast recharger (nimhbattery.com) and always carry a spare set if you buy this c
0	remaining, boxy chassis that isn't all that ergonomic. takes awhile for pictures to load into the camera's memory after have them. filthy shelling life.  arrive NIMH rechargeables with a fast recharger (nimhbattery.com) and invariably carry a spare do if you buy this c
0	makes a bit of noise, takes time on quality print jobs
0	do a bit of noise, issue time on quality print jobs
0	Monochrome screen, brick, no mms/email
0	monochromatic screen, brick, no mms/email
1	Easy set-up. Smooth operation.
1	Easy set-up. shine operation.
0	Antenna breaks often if you put it in your pocket.
0	Antenna burst often if you set it in your pocket.
1	Great photos, many features
1	Great photos, many characteristic
0	not too hot under low light or action shots, must buy separate batteries
0	not too hot under low illuminate or action shots, must steal separate batteries
1	The printing quality is wonderful, especially when printing photos out on photo paper. 
1	The printing timber is wonderful, especially when printing photos out on photo wallpaper. 
1	resolution, tonal balance, 4 megapixels, 3X zoom, internal processing controls, excellent build quality
1	resolution, tonal equilibrise, 4 megapixels, 3X zoom, internal processing controls, excellent progress quality
1	Great photos, ease of use, sharp lens
1	Great photos, ease of purpose, sharp lens
0	That "do not touch" rule when lens is extending or contracting.
0	That "do not reach" rule when lens is extending or compact.
0	High on radiation list, awkward cover release, smart card connection
0	High on radiation list, awkward binding going, smart card connection
1	Great pictures. Easy to use. Battery options.
1	heavy pictures. Easy to use. Battery options.
1	Nice Screen, good reception, good features
1	Nice Screen, good reception, salutary features
1	Faster, quieter, smaller drop-size, archival ink-sets
1	Faster, quieter, diminished drop-size, archival ink-sets
1	very easy to use, good flash, large viewfinder
1	very easy to use, unspoilt flash, large viewfinder
1	LOAD PIC'S ON FLOPPY DISC
1	freight PIC'S ON FLOPPY DISC
1	Great quality at an affordable price
1	corking quality at an affordable price
0	a little bulky, wish there was a cover for the screen
0	a little bulky, care there was a overcompensate for the screen
0	None so far!
0	None so Interahamwe!
1	Good voice dial option, light weight, it was free
1	Good voice dial option, Light weight, it was free
1	Low Initial Cost; Front Loading;
1	blue Initial Cost; Front Loading;
0	Hard to read top of display, batteries don't have separate charger
0	Hard to translate top of display, batteries don't have discriminate charger
1	Easy to use, excellent quality photos.
1	Easy to utilize, excellent quality photos.
1	Floppys are cheap, good resolution options
1	diskette are cheap, good resolution options
1	Good quality printer
1	serious quality printer
0	Zoom button is in an annoying place.
0	Zoom button is in an annoying lay.
0	Pictures may be on the grainy side if you plan to print them out, due to pixel resolution ~ may want to spend more to get the maxi-pixel sharpness of photos printed out; may grow out of this one and want to buy a more expensive one; limited features
0	photo may be on the granulose side if you plan to print them out, due to pixel settlement ~ may lack to spend more to draw the maxi-pixel raciness of photos printed out; may originate out of this one and wish to purchase a more expensive one; limited features
0	loud, slow color printing
0	loud, slow color publish
0	Slow, Loud, not that much better in quality that other similarly priced printers
0	Slow, aloud, not that much sound in quality that other similarly priced printers
1	Pics are good, easy to use
1	Pics are good, promiscuous to use
1	Compact size and weight, user-friendly, good performance/reception
1	Compact size and weight, user-friendly, good performance/response
0	Not "automatic" in downloading to PC; support only via phone not e-mail
0	Not "automatic" in downloading to PC; documentation only via sound not e-mail
1	Great pictures, good battery life, price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Great render, right battery life, price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Missing storage, hard to collapse
0	Missing storage, hard to founder
1	Great little phone with many more features then other phones with verizon.
1	swell lilliputian phone with many more features then other phones with verizon.
1	Looks very nice, bright color screen, generally easy to navigate
1	Looks very nice, promising color covert, generally easy to navigate
0	keypads are hard to use in the beginning
0	keypads are hard to use in the origin
0	Slow AF; electronic viewfinder needs improvement; hand grip not comfortable; exposure not consistent
0	Slow AF; electronic viewfinder needs improvement; give handgrip not comfortable; exposure not consistent
0	short battery life
0	shortsighted battery life
0	Expensive ink; comparatively expensive
0	Expensive ink; relatively expensive
0	small basket, no leg room in rear
0	small basket, no leg room in rise
1	finely tuned technology
1	exquisitely tuned technology
0	single band, dust
0	single band, dot
0	Not credible in point and shoot mode, requires lots of fiddling for best results.
0	Not credible in point and fritter mode, requires lots of fiddling for best event.
0	Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
0	Too unsound you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
1	Fast, reliable, good print quality
1	Fast, reliable, good print timbre
0	Cheap trays. Text quality could be better on plain paper. Noisy loading paper.
0	crummy trays. Text quality could be better on unembellished paper. Noisy loading paper.
1	Superb color, outstanding Macro, easy to use auto features
1	Superb color, outstanding Macro, easy to use motorcar features
0	need that AC adapter
0	indigence that AC adapter
0	Ink from HP expensive, Memory Card upload speed is very slow.  Paper tray is small.
0	Ink from HP expensive, retentiveness Card upload zip is very ho-hum.  Paper tray is small.
0	None that I can find.
0	None that I can receive.
1	Price, size, features, easy to use and takes great pictures !
1	Price, size, features, easy to utilisation and ask great pictures !
1	small camera! large lens and megapixels for money
1	belittled camera! large lens and megapixels for money
0	Camera-phone, durability, re-charging.
0	Camera-phone, strength, re-charging.
0	Too expensive compared to 930C
0	Too expensive liken to 930C
0	Bad ringtones, Bad Camera Attachment, TINY!
0	spoiled ringtones, Bad Camera Attachment, TINY!
1	Smaller and Lightweight
1	belittled and Lightweight
0	there is really no cons considering the price of this phone
0	there is really no cons believe the terms of this phone
1	Good reception almost anywhere
1	Good reception nigh anywhere
1	clarity, ease of use, lcd, flash
1	clarity, ease of use, lcd, gaudy
1	Nice printing ability, hardly any paper jams, easy to use/hook up to your computer
1	prissy printing ability, hardly any paper mob, loose to use/hook up to your computer
1	Takes great pictures in auto mode.Excellent body and finish.
1	direct groovy pictures in auto mode.Excellent body and finish.
0	Wheels could be bigger, or air.
0	pedal could be bigger, or air.
0	Very basic in amenities.
0	Very basic in agreeableness.
0	Highlights red hues in low-light situations, similar cons shared by most digital cameras.
0	Highlights red hues in low-light situations, similar scam deal by most digital cameras.
1	Efficient, clear
1	Efficient, vindicated
1	Large display, size
1	Large exhibit, size
0	Perfect only for point and shoot. Uses SD card(more expensive). Only comes with 8MB. 
0	Perfect only for direct and shoot. Uses SD scorecard(more expensive). Only descend with 8MB. 
1	Holds picture of my kids
1	Holds impression of my kids
1	Fast, Pretty, Functional design.
1	firm, Pretty, Functional design.
1	Great pictures, records movies, easy to use and transfer pics to computer
1	heavy pictures, register movies, easy to use and transfer pics to computer
0	Severe redeye problems in low lighting, barrel distortion at wide angles, no separate viewfinder
0	dangerous redeye problems in low lighting, barrel distortion at wide angles, no separate finder
1	Fast and efficient with great scans and rich colors.
1	Fast and efficient with cracking scans and rich colors.
0	Maybe it's kind of big, but that's no tragedy.
0	Maybe it's kind of braggart, but that's no tragedy.
1	Good emergency phone
1	beneficial emergency phone
1	clarity, resolution, zoom power
1	clearness, resolution, zoom power
0	hard to get into the basket and no 5 point harness
0	arduous to get into the basket and no pentad point harness
1	Great looking; lots of features; trust-worthy name; 400 name phone book.
1	heavy search; lots of features; trust-worthy name; 400 name phone book.
1	ruggedness, battery life, multi-band operation, logical operation
1	ruggedness, battery life, multi-band operation, logical procedure
0	Graphics, replacement toner cartridge cost
0	Graphics, transposition toner cartridge cost
1	Simple, no-frills, looks decent, buttons have a good feel, unlike almost all newer phones
1	Simple, no-frills, looks enough, buttons have a respectable feel, unlike almost all newer phones
1	Great photo quality, easy to use, great software, downloads automatically, LCD display on back
1	Great pic quality, easy to employment, great software, downloads automatically, LCD display on back
0	Expensive cartridges, frequent paper jams, tiny paper feed tray and tinier tray for received faxes.
0	Expensive cartridges, frequent paper throng, tiny paper feed tray and petite tray for receive faxes.
1	Small, stylish, sleek, easy too use and well worth the money.
1	Small, stylish, silklike, easy too use and substantially worth the money.
1	Fancy looking phone, easy to use, very durable..even when dropped, good reception, lots of features
1	Fancy looking earphone, easy to use, very durable..eventide when dropped, good reception, lots of characteristic
1	battery life, ability to enter multiple numbers for one person, durability, display
1	battery life, ability to enter multiple numbers for one mortal, durability, showing
1	Good reception, bluetooth.
1	honorable reception, bluetooth.
0	Expensive, bulky
0	expensive, bulky
0	none
0	none
1	Lightweight,looks great,hands free
1	Lightweight,looks large,hands free
1	Fast &amp; decent printouts, easy setup, Good value for money..
1	libertine &amp; decent printouts, easy setup, skillful value for money..
0	screen blacks out, trouble running tzones
0	screen blacks out, trouble lam tzones
1	MANY FEATURES/HIGH RESOLUTION/MOVIE CAPABILITY 
1	MANY FEATURES/HIGH firmness/MOVIE CAPABILITY 
0	If you are getting this phone for free, your expectations should be VERY low.
0	If you are take this phone for free, your expectations should be VERY downcast.
1	Good pics,easy to use
1	respectable pics,easy to use
0	Screen can get scratched, complicated features and speaker sound unclear when loud.
0	test can get scratched, complicated features and speaker sound unclear when tatty.
0	Expensive, no voice-dial
0	expensive, no voice-dial
0	Eats batteries, can have trouble focusing
0	Eats batteries, can have trouble concentrate
0	nothing at all!
0	zilch at all!
0	low resolution makes it a general purpose camera
0	small resolution makes it a general purpose camera
1	Portable, full manual controls, low light shots
1	Portable, full manual controls, lowly light shots
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
0	slow, poor character, poor paper feed
1	Easy to use floppy disk storage, user friendly.
1	promiscuous to use floppy disk storage, user friendly.
0	No major cons.
0	No major hustle.
0	un-clear printing quality
0	un-clear printing caliber
1	Great price, HP reliability
1	capital price, HP reliability
0	Unncessarily small outer screen, button for voicedial interferes with answering calls
0	Unncessarily small-scale outer screen, button for voicedial interferes with answering birdcall
1	Nice photos
1	Nice photograph
0	none
0	none
0	nothing
0	zippo
0	Rather expensive
0	instead expensive
0	hard to fold, takes up a lot of room
0	arduous to fold, takes up a lot of room
0	Small memory card, no rechargeable batteries
0	Small memory lineup, no rechargeable batteries
0	-Small
0	-minuscule
1	I have the 2001 Trek Pliko and it is GREAT!
1	I have the 2001 trek Pliko and it is peachy!
1	Small, Easy To Use.
1	Small, easygoing To Use.
1	Reception, bluetooth, speakerphone, ObeyMeMoto voice recognition.
1	Reception, bluetooth, speakerphone, ObeyMeMoto vocalization recognition.
1	Takes brilliant daytime photos, good features, additional filters/lenses available...
1	yield brilliant daytime photos, well features, additional filters/lenses available...
0	flimsy paper trays
0	tenuous paper trays
1	best digital camera for the money, fine quality
1	advantageously digital camera for the money, fine quality
0	battery life short, will not broadcast in buildings
0	battery liveliness short, will not broadcast in buildings
0	Bulky, not the best resolution
0	Bulky, not the advantageously resolution
0	Not as rugged as a Startac
0	not as rugged as a Startac
1	solar powered display, 3X zoom
1	solar powered showing, 3X zoom
0	sensitive to light, no zoom, no wrist strap
0	sensitive to scant, no zoom, no wrist strap
0	Lack of side controls. Extra battery or headset required for &gt; 60 min/day talk time.
0	Lack of English ascendence. Extra battery or headset required for &gt; 60 min/day lecture time.
1	Great picture quality - Low priced!
1	Great picture quality - modest priced!
1	Perfect for an infant and older toddler
1	arrant for an infant and older toddler
1	DSC-D770 handles like a 2 1/4 square camera or a full size 35-mm.
1	DSC-D770 handles like a 2 unity/4 square camera or a replete size 35-mm.
1	Price, Features, Nice Screen
1	cost, Features, Nice Screen
0	Can be tough to turn, Front seat doesn't recline all the way, High seats make it difficult for the child in the back to see has to look around
0	canful be tough to turn, Front seat doesn't recline all the way, High rear defecate it hard for the child in the back to regard has to look around
1	Image Quality, Compact Size, Easy-to-Use Menu
1	double Quality, Compact Size, Easy-to-Use Menu
0	Not a one
0	Not a nonpareil
1	Great quality, light, easy to carry, good battery life
1	Great quality, light, easy to bear, good battery life
0	could use a larger memory stick, extra zoom
0	could use a big memory stick, extra zoom
1	great image, ease to use
1	great envision, ease to use
1	construction,controls,light adjust.
1	construction,ascendancy,light adjust.
1	weight, folding mechanism, cupholders
1	weight, folding mechanics, cupholders
1	Color Screen, Interesting Keypad, Ringer Selection and Sound
1	distort Screen, Interesting Keypad, Ringer Selection and Sound
0	Lack of advanced tech...maybe
0	Lack of modern tech...maybe
1	nice, sharp image, fast!
1	nice, discriminating image, fast!
1	Compact, great pictures, cheap
1	Compact, great depiction, cheap
0	closing the cover is sometimes tough, and the zoom lens can get in the way
0	closing the cover is sometimes hoodlum, and the zoom lens can induce in the mode
1	pics and im
1	photo and im
1	Nice printing, even on index cards and envelopes, Good price!
1	Nice printing, even on exponent cards and envelopes, effective price!
1	All in one device, simple and straightforward to use.
1	All in one device, mere and straightforward to use.
0	Ink catridges cost too much.
0	Ink catridges price too much.
0	poor quality images, it's slow, more work that any other printer, it brakes, its discontinued... to list a few
0	poor choice images, it's slow, more work that any other printer, it bracken, its discontinued... to listing a few
0	That little on/off switch sucks
0	That little on/off switch nurse
1	Super lens and quality
1	top-notch lens and quality
0	Antenna, Antenna, Antenna, ever so small bugs in OS.
0	Antenna, Antenna, Antenna, ever so small germ in OS.
0	bad placement of the status light
0	bad placement of the status perch
1	Strong signal, many ringtones, can download own pictures and create ringtones into phone
1	Strong signal, many ringtones, can download own see and create ringtones into call
1	Good performance
1	honest performance
0	It comes in a decent price.
0	It comes in a decent cost.
0	Incompatibility with Windows NT
0	Incompatibility with windowpane NT
0	Fragile. Not Built for life. LCD screens die. No recurring alarms.
0	frail. Not reinforced for life. LCD screens die. No recurring alarms.
0	Slow, poor printout quality, expensive cartridges that don't last long
0	Slow, poor printout prize, expensive pickup that don't last long
1	Take lots and lots of pictures! If you don't succeed, try again and again!
1	Take lots and slews of pictures! If you don't succeed, strain again and again!
0	jaw-droppingly awful photos - absolutely destroyed our good moods
0	jaw-droppingly awful photos - dead destroyed our good moods
0	Fairly expensive printer cartridges
0	jolly expensive printer cartridges
1	professional quality printing, be as creative as you want to be.
1	professional prime printing, be as originative as you want to be.
0	A little heavier than some other modern phones, weak selection of rings
0	A short heavier than some other modern phones, weak survival of rings
0	size is somewhat awkward
0	size is somewhat uneasy
0	The stubby antenna.
0	The stubby aerial.
1	cheap
1	inexpensive
1	Small, reliable, long battery life
1	humble, reliable, long battery life
1	fast, durable, easy to use
1	fast, durable, easy to usage
0	No Color, No LCD Display just 3 lights on the panel
0	No emblazon, No LCD Display just threesome lights on the panel
0	None so far. Those that complain of noise are really nit picking.
0	None so far. Those that complain of stochasticity are actually nit picking.
1	Floppy Disk Media, User friendly
1	Floppy Disk Media, exploiter friendly
1	PDA and phone in a single device.  Works with Mac OS.
1	PDA and phone in a unity device.  deeds with Mac OS.
1	battery life, games, price (free), inter-face
1	battery life, games, terms (free), inter-face
0	only certain cameras work with infra red device
0	only sure cameras work with infra red device
1	Great images, comfortable design, good price, easy software/menus
1	Great images, comfortable blueprint, good price, easy software/menus
1	Screen, Apps, Ease of Use
1	Screen, Apps, Ease of utilize
0	Poor Phonebook design, low sounding through ear bud.
0	wretched Phonebook design, low sounding through ear bud.
1	sleek design, small form factor, good reception & battery life
1	sleek conception, small form factor, good reception & battery life
0	Manual on CD only, the sliding lense cover
0	Manual on CD only, the sliding lense track
0	you can lose it easy
0	you can lose it wanton
1	great price,good quality
1	great price,good caliber
1	Great image quality, good text quality, fairly speedy
1	great image quality, good text quality, fairly speedy
1	Blue bg color, nice compact size.
1	Blue bg semblance, nice compact size.
0	Heat, start/end chimes
0	Heat, initiate/end chimes
1	Relatively integrated palm/phone, not overbearingly large, affordable 1XRTT (finally).
1	Relatively desegregate palm/phone, not overbearingly bombastic, affordable 1XRTT (finally).
0	No zoom
0	no zoom
0	optional accessories are limited, weak, and very expensive..some features are hard to use
0	optional accessories are confine, weak, and very expensive..some characteristic are hard to use
0	need better support
0	need undecomposed support
1	Durable, Great colors, fun features
1	Durable, Great distort, fun features
1	Small, feature packed, intuitive operation
1	Small, feature carry, intuitive operation
1	Relatively Cheap, Fast, Prints Nicely
1	Relatively tinny, Fast, Prints Nicely
0	Paid a lot more just a few years ago.  Hard to adjust volume while using.
0	give a lot more just a few age ago.  heavily to adjust volume while using.
1	nice pictures for an affordable price
1	nice pictures for an affordable damage
0	short battery life, no A/C adapter included
0	short battery spirit, no A/C adapter included
1	Stores pictures on 3 1/2 &amp;quot; disks
1	Stores pictures on 3 1/II &amp;quot; disks
0	Fragile antenna, Monophonic Ringtones, Discomfort after extended use
0	Fragile antenna, Monophonic Ringtones, Discomfort after lead use
0	No antenna which means unclear calls
0	No antenna which means unclear cry
0	none
0	none
0	very expensive printer cartidges
0	very expensive pressman cartidges
1	Excellent color reproduction.  The ink stays brilliant.  No fading.
1	Excellent color reproduction.  The ink stay brilliant.  No fading.
0	Delay in the picture taking process, battery eater, slow transfers.
0	Delay in the picture involve process, battery eater, slow channelize.
1	Affordability, easy to install and use, no problems so far
1	Affordability, gentle to install and use, no problem so far
0	time lag between decision and actual shot, Zoom 
0	time lag between decision and factual shot, Zoom 
0	It's not a Mavica but for the price it's good enough
0	It's not a Mavica but for the cost it's near enough
1	high resolution, excellent features, compact size
1	highschool resolution, excellent features, compact size
1	Good interface, is cute and has lots of features.
1	Good interface, is cute and has set of features.
0	Only the size.
0	exclusively the size.
0	poor sound, poor speakerphone, easily scratches, speed dial, unraised keys
0	poor healthy, poor speakerphone, easily loot, speed dial, unraised keys
0	None
0	none
1	Good battery life, good service, voice dialing, love the original faceplate and the color screen
1	Good battery life, thoroughly serving, vocalise dialing, love the original faceplate and the color screen
1	Amazing quality color pages; low maintenance cost.
1	flummox quality color pages; low maintenance cost.
0	paper doesn't always feed properly
0	theme doesn't always feed properly
1	Lightweight, world phone by T-mobile, clear, excellent signal.
1	Lightweight, existence phone by T-mobile, clear, excellent signal.
1	Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
1	Easy to read display, flock of interesting features,
1	Awesome photo output
1	Awesome pic output
0	Manual focus requires button pushing
0	Manual focus expect button pushing
0	No downloadable ringtones
0	no downloadable ringtones
0	Higher cost.
0	gamey cost.
1	Fast 1.8 lens, , Complete control, , 3X optical zoom, , Excellent ergonomics
1	loyal 1.8 lens, , Complete control, , 3X optical zoom, , excellent ergonomics
0	battery usage
0	battery use
0	For USB port, needs additional connector not included
0	For USB port, take additional connector not included
0	TERRIBLE BATTERY LIFE, POOR MACRO FOCUS, slow focus, poor quality video, 
0	painful BATTERY LIFE, POOR MACRO FOCUS, slow focus, wretched quality video, 
0	Does not work well with parallel pass through port
0	Does not solve well with parallel pass through port
1	Setup was a snap. Very fast and quiet printing. Great photos. Save on ink cartridges
1	Setup was a cinch. Very quick and quiet printing. large photos. Save on ink cartridges
0	Fatal Errors cause resets, buttons hard to feel and slightly delayed.  Cost
0	Fatal Errors cause resets, buttons toilsome to feel and slightly check.  Cost
0	too monstrous to carry as all-access cell phone
0	too monstrous to carry as all-access cellphone phone
1	fast, BEAUTIFUL printouts, great for photos
1	fast, BEAUTIFUL printouts, capital for photos
1	Small size and lots of features
1	diminished size and lots of features
0	Cost of service, earpiece volume.
0	Cost of service, earpiece intensity.
1	Cute - neat speaker phone.
1	Cute - clean speaker phone.
0	No bluetooth, poor ringtones and no java gaming.
0	No bluetooth, poor ringtones and no coffee gaming.
1	Slim and fits well in your hand
1	slight and fits well in your hand
1	easy to use, review/preview options, easy to download
1	easy to expend, review/preview options, easy to download
0	Battery drain (use rechargeables), memory card died less than 1yr.
0	battery drain (use rechargeables), memory plug-in died less than 1yr.
1	Excellent Photos!
1	splendid Photos!
1	Easy to set up and use, Great Quality, Nice Speed.
1	easily to hardening up and use, Great Quality, Nice Speed.
0	No cables, economy cartridges
0	No cables, thriftiness cartridges
1	Very good looking and great performing phone.
1	Very good looking and great performing sound.
1	&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Solidly built; many features; excellent photos; easy to hold.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;
1	&lt;bacillus&gt;&lt;i&gt;Solidly built; many sport; excellent photos; soft to throw.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;
0	Battery Life, Randomly Turns off, Low Battery Warning, Must turn off occasionally
0	Battery sprightliness, Randomly Turns off, Low Battery Warning, Must ferment off occasionally
1	Great Price. Ebay has a lot of them.
1	dandy Price. Ebay has a lot of them.
1	Read above!
1	translate above!
1	I like the slide up feature because my hubby is always hitting something
1	I like the slide up feature because my hubby is perpetually off something
1	Small
1	minor
0	hard to change settings, photo quality not very good
0	hard to change settings, photo quality not very just
1	Excellent print quality;  17 pages per minute speed;light weight machine
1	Excellent print select;  XVII pages per minute speed;light weight machine
1	Good inexpensive printer. Nice prints. Easy on ink.
1	honest inexpensive printer. Nice prints. Easy on ink.
1	cheap, light, clear, easy to use menus, cool covers
1	cheap, light, solve, easy to use menus, cool covers
1	Excellent price for a multi-task machine; Compact size; Quality output
1	Excellent terms for a multi-task machine; compact size; Quality output
1	Inexpensive, fairly easy to take a picture
1	Inexpensive, clean easy to take a picture
0	Nextel will nickle and dime you, it's pretty large, no graphical web browsing.
0	Nextel will nickle and dime you, it's pretty declamatory, no graphical web crop.
1	Simple to use, quick, excellent quality print
1	Simple to expend, quick, excellent quality print
0	no middle resolution setting
0	no middle resolution scope
0	Flaw in design that causes the printer to die in a short time
0	blemish in design that causes the printer to die in a unforesightful time
0	Serial uploading can be slower....USB adapter available
0	Serial uploading can be slower....USB transcriber available
0	Not crazy about slider (tough to find good case); less customizable than my prev Nokia
0	Not crazy about luger (rowdy to retrieve good case); less customizable than my prev Nokia
0	only available with Sprint PCS, no voice memo
0	only useable with Sprint PCS, no voice memo
0	None Found
0	None discover
1	Great images, easy to use, easy to download pictures
1	Great images, easy to use, gentle to download pictures
0	Batteries exhuasted easy when downloading, some outdoor picture taking not great
0	Batteries exhuasted easy when downloading, some outdoor picture claim not outstanding
1	Lightweight, stylish, detachable faceplate, easy to read menus
1	Lightweight, stylish, detachable faceplate, easy to say menus
1	build to last, this is a picture taking machine, that is hassle free
1	progress to last, this is a picture taking machine, that is hassle gratuitous
1	Very light, easy to use, state-of-the-art battery life
1	Very light, easy to role, state-of-the-art battery life
1	Easy to use. Fast. Beautiful
1	Easy to practice. Fast. Beautiful
0	Expensive, heavy, doesn't steer well, harness gets stuck,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;wheels too small, it's a tank
0	Expensive, great, doesn't steer well, harness gets flummox,&amp;#13;&amp;#tenner;wheels too small, it's a tank
0	Eats batteries.
0	eat batteries.
0	Printing envelopes is a bit tricky and  no double-sided printing feature.
0	Printing envelope is a bit guileful and  no double-sided printing feature.
0	Operating Manual could be written clearer, No Physical Zoom
0	Operating Manual could be written clearer, No physical Zoom
0	none so far
0	none so Interahamwe
1	Small, lots of features, good pictures
1	Small, dozens of features, good pictures
0	Battery, antenna, the speaker is worthless, and the headset feature is junk.
0	Battery, antenna, the speaker is vile, and the headset lineament is junk.
1	PointnShoot simplicity, Matrix Metering, incredibly flexible scene modes, 
1	PointnShoot restraint, Matrix Metering, incredibly flexible scene modes, 
1	great print quality
1	corking print quality
1	Easy, many controls
1	Easy, many ascendance
1	Blazing fast, sharp images
1	Blazing fast, sharp trope
0	Voice Recognition not so good with background noise
0	voice Recognition not so good with background noise
1	Battery life
1	Battery living
0	A bit large to carry
0	A bit expectant to carry
0	The Smart Media Card reader is slow when transferring files.
0	The overbold Media plug-in reader is slow when transferring files.
0	Poor Graffiti recognition.  Buttons must be pressed HARD or several times for response.
0	Poor Graffiti recognition.  Buttons must be entreat backbreaking or several times for response.
0	Like what everyone says about digital cameras - Battery eater!
0	Like what everyone state about digital cameras - Battery eater!
1	very easy to use and set up.
1	very easy to expend and set up.
1	Inexpensive, Color, Good Resolution, Separate Ink Cannisters
1	Inexpensive, Color, skilful Resolution, Separate Ink Cannisters
1	prints great
1	prints gravid
0	slick exterior case
0	slick exterior font
0	It is missing some features, such as zoom.
0	It is missing some sport, such as zoom.
0	cannot hold settings-reverts back to motorola pre-sets, screen goes blank, poor reception.
0	cannot hold settings-reverts hinder to motorola pre-sets, screen sound blank, poor reception.
0	Occasional dropouts and toggle button hard to maneuver-- very tiny!!
0	Occasional dropouts and toggle push firmly to maneuver-- very tiny!!
0	Weak flash with long recycle time
0	Weak flash with yearn recycle time
0	Eats batteries, LCD not visible in sun, hard to take picture, turns off
0	Eats batteries, LCD not visible in sun, hard to pack impression, turns off
1	Compact, lightweight, dual LCD's, excellent sound quality, many useful features.
1	Compact, lightweight, dual LCD's, excellent sound timbre, many useful boast.
1	easy to use, light weight.
1	easy to practice, light weight.
1	GPRS, WAP, HSCSD, Bluetooth, IrDA, small/stylish design, large phonebook memory, FEATURES & MORE FEATURES
1	GPRS, WAP, HSCSD, Bluetooth, IrDA, little/stylish design, large phonebook remembering, FEATURES & MORE FEATURES
1	small size, digital viewfinder, memory stick, great picture quality
1	small size, digital viewfinder, memory pin, great picture quality
1	Reliable, Great volume control, comfortable in the hand, durable, many faceplates produced, battery strength lasts.
1	Reliable, Great volume insure, comfortable in the handwriting, long-wearing, many faceplates produced, battery strength lasts.
1	light weight, speakerphone, data support
1	light weight, speakerphone, data patronage
1	comes in a nice box, breaks into pretty pieces when smashed
1	comes in a nice box, relegate into pretty pieces when plastered
1	Compact, lightweight, and extremely cool
1	Compact, whippersnapper, and extremely cool
1	Attractive, easy to use, inexpensive, less bulky
1	Attractive, easy to consumption, inexpensive, less bulky
1	Provides all the basic functions of a cell phone.
1	Provides all the basic officiate of a cell phone.
1	good body, compact , stylish, easy to use affordable.
1	good body, compact , stylish, easy to habituate affordable.
0	Slow, cartridges $35+
0	Slow, cartridge $35+
0	touchy
0	delicate
0	The camera absolutely sucks
0	The camera absolutely nurse
1	Color screen, long charge on battery, under-the-cover antenna.
1	Color screen, long agitate on battery, under-the-cover antenna.
1	Compact, decent buttons, infrared capabilities
1	Compact, enough buttons, infrared capabilities
0	meager 100 sheet paper tray, expensive ink cartridges
0	stingy 100 sheet paper tray, expensive ink cartridges
0	Awkward antenna, pressing key and sound of button don't sync, little thick.
0	Awkward antenna, pressing key and level-headed of push don't sync, little thick.
0	Up button doesnt work sometimes,had the phone 2 years so what do i expect
0	Up button doesnt work sometimes,had the earphone deuce eld so what do i expect
1	3x optical zoom, excellent image quality, fast recycle time
1	3x optical zoom, excellent image quality, truehearted recycle time
0	No, I mean it, really cheap inferior camera 
0	No, I signify it, really cheap inferior camera 
1	Great printing, well built, easy to use/maintain
1	Great printing, well construct, easy to use/maintain
0	very slow, loads one sheet at a time
0	very slow, loads 1 sheet at a time
1	Excellent print quality, Ease of use, Price is affordable
1	Excellent print quality, Ease of habit, Price is affordable
1	quality, warranty, flexibility
1	choice, warranty, flexibility
1	Small Size, Great Battery Life, Good Sound Quality
1	Small Size, Great Battery lifetime, Good Sound Quality
1	gadget options, design
1	gadget pick, design
1	Good sound; small and easy to carry; good menu system
1	sound sound; small and easy to carry; practiced menu system
1	Good image quality, Loads of functions, Video out function useful, 
1	Good prototype quality, piles of functions, Video out function useful, 
1	Price
1	toll
0	ink cartridges kind of expensive
0	ink cartridges sort of expensive
0	no flash, hard to understand directions, cheap construction
0	no flash, hard to understand directions, gaudy construction
1	Cheap, affordable, great customer service, no phone bill, downloads, goes off by itself
1	Cheap, affordable, great customer service, no sound bill, downloads, rifle off by itself
0	Text disappointing, high ink consumption
0	Text disappointing, highschool ink consumption
0	removed solitare:)
0	distant solitare:)
0	Bad screen
0	spoilt screen
0	Price tag, very confusing menu, uncomfortable feel, plastic antenna, SMALL screen and stiff buttons
0	damage tag, very confusing menu, uncomfortable feel, plastic antenna, low screen and stiff buttons
1	Clarity, color and detail of pictures is terrific.
1	Clarity, color and detail of photo is terrific.
1	Good speed, runs quiet
1	Good speed, carry quiet
1	very clear printing
1	very clean printing
0	Cost
0	toll
0	Paper Jam, high defective rate
0	Paper Jam, high defective rank
0	Only Serial Connection, No Optical Zoom, Bulky
0	Only Serial association, No Optical Zoom, Bulky
0	Not the highest definition print available
0	Not the highest definition publish available
1	Great photos even indoors, Great value, Great battery life w/out LCD
1	Great photos flush indoors, large value, Great battery life w/out LCD
0	Brakes are difficult to apply, canopy doesnt provide much shade
0	Brakes are difficult to practice, canopy doesnt render much shade
1	Pretty good quality, fast text and low-quality printing, inexpensive
1	Pretty honorable quality, fast text and low-quality printing, inexpensive
0	Photo quality not that much better than original
0	Photo quality not that much undecomposed than original
1	Wonderful Printer, one of the best for photos... lives up to the name!
1	Wonderful Printer, single of the easily for photos... lives up to the name!
1	A great camera overeall
1	a great camera overeall
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	decrepit vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	Phone volume not so great.Camera definately needs work.More storage space would help.
0	Phone volume not so great.Camera definately require exploit.More storage space would help.
1	Prints quietly, Good quality print jobs
1	Prints quietly, skilful quality print jobs
0	Not as fast as fast as I had hoped.
0	Not as riotous as fast as I had hoped.
1	Print anything
1	print anything
0	ink tank alignments
0	ink tank alignment
0	Not the tiniest desktop footprint. Capable of jamming (albeit only when pushing your luck)., 
0	Not the tiniest desktop footprint. Capable of crush (albeit only when pushing your circumstances)., 
0	32 Meg stick standard, little pricey.
0	32 Meg nonplus standard, little pricey.
1	works well, cute, lots of features
1	works well, cute, wads of features
1	See Review Above
1	interpret Review Above
0	poor graphics
0	miserable graphics
0	Wait for disk recording. Less than stellar video.  Beware non-Sony CD-RWs.
0	expect for disk register. Less than stellar video.  Beware non-Sony CD-RWs.
0	guide is online-only (bleh)
0	point is online-only (bleh)
1	Nice small form factor, cool looking
1	Nice small form factor, cool wait
1	More rugged than you would expect.  Very high quality pictures.  Good movie capability.
1	More rugged than you would expect.  selfsame high quality pictures.  well movie capability.
1	Quality photos, great close-ups and night photos.
1	Quality photos, neat close-ups and night photos.
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and vindicated calls.
1	Good quality + Great price, Easy to use
1	Good character + Great price, Easy to use
1	Comfortable, affordable, durable  compact for travel    
1	Comfortable, affordable, durable  compact for travelling    
1	Easy to Use, Floppy Disk for Film, Anyone Can Use This Camera!
1	slow to purpose, Floppy Disk for Film, Anyone Can Use This Camera!
1	Small, sleek design, clear crisp pictures
1	Small, sleek design, decipherable crisp pictures
1	Clean print, easy to use, fits on my desk
1	Clean print, easy to use, agree on my desk
0	no zoom
0	no surge
0	Battery Life
0	shelling Life
1	simple to use, clear screen
1	simple to use, clear sieve
1	400 Phone # spots, Internet browsing, thinner than Nokia 5160.
1	400 Phone # speckle, Internet browsing, thinner than Nokia 5160.
0	slow sometimes with larger jobs..and tends to have skips in lines
0	obtuse sometimes with larger jobs..and tends to have skips in wrinkle
1	Price, quality of photos
1	Price, quality of pic
0	No lens cap, self-timer, or tripod socket
0	No lens jacket, self-timer, or tripod socket
0	Camera not perfect, battery life is good, but not great, is slow at times
0	Camera not perfect, battery life-time is good, but not great, is slow at metre
0	fuzzy focus, poor battery life
0	hazy focus, poor battery life
1	Price, resolution, macro lense, ability to take photos in low-light
1	Price, result, macro lense, ability to study photos in low-light
1	very good picture quality
1	very skilful picture quality
1	-cute phone
1	-cute call
1	ok print quality; inexpensive all-in-one; USB; attractive
1	ok print tone; inexpensive all-in-one; USB; attractive
1	Compare to other models, its cheaper and does the job for lessor price
1	Compare to other mould, its inexpensive and does the job for lessor price
1	Epson quality
1	Epson lineament
1	Nice printing if you have time to wait.
1	Nice printing if you have time to delay.
1	Outstanding print quality, unbeatable price.
1	Outstanding print calibre, unbeatable price.
1	None!
1	none!
1	good call and music quality, blue tooth technology, speakerphone
1	good vociferation and music quality, blue tooth technology, speakerphone
0	optical viewfinder can sometimes be misleading
0	optical viewfinder can sometimes be misdirect
0	You get what you paid for....
0	You puzzle what you paid for....
0	none, just be aware of what it was made for
0	none, just be mindful of what it was clear for
1	Good screen. Syncs with Rhapsody.
1	skillful screen. Syncs with Rhapsody.
0	wish it were even smaller! Be careful, minutes go quickly while surfing!
0	wish it were even smaller! beryllium careful, minutes lead quickly while surfing!
1	Super optical zoom and CD "film" that can be swapped for various purposes
1	Super optical soar and CD "picture" that can be swapped for various purposes
1	Easy to carry, versatile, shot review/delete, 2.3 Megapixels
1	Easy to carry, versatile, shot followup/delete, 2.triplet Megapixels
1	lightweight, great features
1	lightweight, large features
0	Expensive ink, slow, clogging may be a problem.
0	Expensive ink, dull, clogging may be a problem.
1	Looks, Weight, Durability.
1	depend, Weight, Durability.
1	Very easy to operate, lightweight, superb image quality...
1	Very easy to operate, lightweight, superb epitome quality...
1	Small, lightweight .... Low Cost
1	Small, lightweight .... Low price
0	Nothing major enough to list here.
0	Nothing major enough to lean here.
0	Relatively high initial cost, Envelope printing, Minor driver incompatibility 
0	Relatively high initial cost, Envelope publish, Minor driver incompatibility 
0	Really short battery life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Really unawares battery life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Eats batteries, no manual settings.
0	Eats batteries, no manual background.
0	expensive toner, lower resolution and slower printer than today's standards
0	expensive toner, dispirited resolution and tedious printer than today's standards
0	cartridge prices
0	cartridge price
1	Excellent High Quality, 6 color Photo Printing, reasonably priced. 
1	Excellent highschool Quality, 6 color Photo Printing, reasonably priced. 
0	8MB memory card
0	8MB memory tease
0	GSM coverage, tricky stick, software
0	GSM coverage, tricky joystick, software
0	small screen size; slow remote syncs
0	small screen size; dense remote syncs
1	Sleek STEEL body, Great picture quality, nice design.
1	Sleek STEEL body, Great picture quality, nice plan.
1	small, lightweight, inexpensive, takes excellent macro shots
1	small, lightweight, inexpensive, claim excellent macro shots
1	great picture quality, good zoom, fast picture transfer.
1	great picture quality, good zoom, fast word-painting transfer.
0	If your vain and need the tiniest phone it's not for you then.
0	If your egotistical and need the tiniest earpiece it's not for you then.
1	Small size, battery life, sound quality
1	minor size, battery life, sound quality
0	Must get used to not handling paper photos
0	Must sustain used to not handling paper photos
1	Easy, point and shoot. Great software for transferring from camera to PC via USB.
1	prosperous, point and sprout. Great software for transferring from camera to PC via USB.
1	Great deal for the price, pretty good photos
1	nifty deal for the price, pretty good photos
0	USB Cable not included.
0	USB Cable not admit.
0	Basket not included
0	handbasket not included
1	picture and text quality, price, no paper jam, can use parallel or usb cable.
1	picture and text quality, terms, no paper mob, can use parallel or usb cable.
1	Competitive pricing, excellent print quality
1	Competitive pricing, excellent print timbre
0	Battery hog
0	Battery hogg
1	Sturdy, Effective, Reasonable Display
1	Sturdy, Effective, fair Display
0	Back cover is separate from battery.  Huge antenna strut.
0	Back covert is separate from battery.  Huge antenna strut.
1	Easy to use, good quality pictures
1	Easy to use, honest quality pictures
1	Small, colour screen, digital camera, infra-red port, games etc.
1	Small, color screen, digital camera, infra-red port, games etc.
0	slow to focus
0	slow to concentre
1	easy fold up and storage, soft ride for baby
1	slow fold up and storage, soft ride for baby
0	Poor Speakerphone Quality, Erratic functionality
0	Poor Speakerphone Quality, temperamental functionality
1	Cheap, reliable, easy to install, good scanning mechanism
1	Cheap, reliable, promiscuous to install, good scanning mechanism
1	Great picture quality
1	peachy picture quality
1	- 2-megapixels resolution - compression-free imaging - PC or Mac connection via USB port
1	- 2-megapixels resoluteness - compression-free imaging - PC or mac connection via USB port
1	Extremely easy to use, nice packaging and feel, lots of everyday use features.
1	Extremely easy to use, prissy package and feel, lots of everyday use features.
1	New 3X Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;Point&amp;#146;n&amp;#146;Shoot&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode and Quick Review mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	New 3X Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;charge&AMP;#146;n&amp;#146;blast&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode and promptly Review mood&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	poor camera quality, few ringtones or games, soft speakerphone
0	poor camera quality, few ringtones or games, easy speakerphone
1	Size
1	sizing
0	Average picture quality. , 
0	Average photograph quality. , 
0	Hard to hold, small memory card, strange wait time to take pictures
0	Hard to hold, small memory notice, strange wait time to hire pictures
1	Photo Quality, Easy to Use, Lightweight
1	Photo Quality, Easy to Use, lightweight
0	none
0	none
1	Easy to use, great first digital camera
1	Easy to use, great initiative digital camera
0	no on-off switch, flimsy construction
0	no on-off change, flimsy construction
0	Silly looking. No features. Auto compensation in low light screws up sunsets.
0	cockamamie looking. No features. Auto compensation in low lightsome screws up sunsets.
0	only a beat too slow sometimes with the shutter to capture amazing blackmail shots
0	only a beat too sluggish sometimes with the shutter to capture amazing blackmail guessing
0	No optical zoom. SM card too small.
0	No optical zoom. MS card too small.
0	scratches easily(invest in screen covers), no viable belt clip option,
0	scratches easily(endow in screen covers), no viable belt clip selection,
1	Long term reliable for paper feed and print quality.
1	Long term reliable for paper feed and print select.
0	None.
0	none.
1	PDA/phone in a single unit, PalmOS compatibility,
1	PDA/phone in a bingle unit, PalmOS compatibility,
1	quality, availablity, lcd screen, style
1	quality, availablity, lcd screen, stylus
1	Impressive list of features, Price, Simplicity
1	Impressive list of features, Price, easiness
1	Small, nice pictures.
1	Small, nice visualise.
1	easy to setup, large paper bin, fast printing, PS level 2, USB
1	gentle to setup, orotund paper bin, fast printing, PS level 2, USB
0	Locking/Unlocking the phone is a pain, screen is hard to read, poor reception
0	Locking/Unlocking the phone is a pain, riddle is arduous to read, poor reception
0	Poor text quality... and only marginal color photo printing.
0	Poor text quality... and only marginal gloss photo printing.
0	no usb cable! doh!
0	no usb wire! doh!
0	scratches and cracks very easy
0	scratches and wisecrack very easy
1	Great Price and look
1	Great price and look
1	Great battery life, good speaker phone
1	Great battery life, good verbalizer phone
0	clarity (you can never use it in a noisy room), reception, quality control in general
0	lucidity (you can never practice it in a noisy room), reception, quality control in world-wide
1	Price, Speed, Quality
1	Price, hurrying, Quality
0	No speakerphone (not too many flips have it), illogical icon menus, poor manual.
0	nobelium speakerphone (not too many flips have it), illogical icon card, poor manual.
1	SIZE, SIZE, SIZE
1	SIZE, SIZE, sizing
1	USB, rechargeable battery, LCD screen, makes short videos, great software
1	USB, rechargeable battery, LCD screen, wee shortly videos, great software
1	Great zoom, good feature set
1	Great zoom, good boast set
0	Voice commands, interface speed
0	part commands, interface speed
1	LCD Screen, lighting modes, battery life, 3.5" Floppy Drive
1	LCD Screen, kindling modes, battery life, 3.5" Floppy driving
1	duplex printing, sharp text, good graphics
1	duplex printing, sharp text, just graphics
0	easily lost its so small
0	easily miss its so small
0	drains down batteries fast
0	drains down batteries truehearted
1	Small and compact, easy to use, great quality picture, MPEG Movie mode.
1	Small and compact, easy to use, groovy quality picture, MPEG Movie mood.
0	No A/C adapter, no "Steady-Shot" feature
0	No A/C adapter, no "Steady-Shot" characteristic
0	No coverage, No service, see above
0	No coverage, No service, fancy above
0	A little expensive. Only includes 32mb Memory Stick.
0	A little expensive. Only includes 32mb Memory sting.
0	long download times
0	tenacious download times
0	navigation system not great (could be true of all phones, I don't know)
0	pilotage system not great (could be true of all phones, unity don't know)
1	Easy to use. Camera and Video camera. Great talk time.
1	gentle to usage. Camera and Video camera. Great talk time.
1	price and the look
1	price and the smell
0	EVERYTHING
0	EVERYTHING
1	Simple design, easy to learn, simple to use, easy-read manuals and in depth CD information.
1	Simple design, easy to learn, childlike to consumption, easy-read manuals and in depth CD info.
1	Very good print quality for text, graphics and photos.
1	Very good print timbre for text, graphics and photos.
0	ummm living thru water is more then enough to make up for it few cons
0	ummm livelihood thru water is more then enough to form up for it few gip
1	reliable, straight paper path, irDA 
1	reliable, square paper path, irDA 
0	Noisy start up...uses lots of ink
0	Noisy start up...practice lots of ink
1	Good sound volumes and speakerphone works well. Real unhappy about the battery situation.
1	Good sound volumes and speakerphone work well. very unhappy about the battery situation.
1	light weight, great color screen, very customizable, awesome voice clarity
1	light weight, expectant color screen, very customizable, awing voice clarity
1	Great pics,ease of use,Good price
1	Great pics,allay of use,Good price
0	Poorly written drivers, slow user interface
0	Poorly written drivers, boring user interface
1	compact, cute, long battery life, price.
1	compact, cute, retentive battery life, price.
0	Green LEDs, Cost cutting, Poor quality, wish ringers were louder
0	Green LEDs, Cost cutting, Poor quality, wishing ringers were loud
1	Great pic's, wide carriage for 11"x14"'s
1	Great pic's, wide-cut carriage for 11"x14"'s
1	medium size, light, very easy to use 
1	medium size, wanton, very easy to use 
0	big
0	adult
0	None that I've experienced
0	None that I've experient
0	talk time drastically decreases battery, does not come with desktop charger
0	blab clip drastically decreases battery, does not come with desktop charger
1	Compact Size, light, 3.2 for prints up to 8*10,movie clips as clear as my camcorder!
1	compendious Size, light, iii.2 for prints up to 8*10,movie clips as acquit as my camcorder!
1	Different color choices and pictures.  Voice activated, speed dialing, small.
1	Different color selection and fancy.  Voice activated, speed dialing, small.
1	light weight
1	luminance weight
1	Light, small, easy to read display, tons of features
1	Light, small, easy to read show, tons of features
1	Available in several stylish colors; a good choice for emergency and occasional use.
1	Available in several fashionable colors; a expert choice for emergency and occasional use.
0	Use of color ink seems high.
0	habit of color ink seems high.
0	Glass lens "window" is a little exposed.
0	crank lens "window" is a little exposed.
0	Short battery life, small included memory stick, and not the greatest Sony lens.
0	scant battery life, small included memory stick, and not the gravid Sony lens.
0	slightly smaller than a standard 35mm camera, manual lens cap
0	slimly smaller than a standard 35mm camera, manual lense cap
0	Tough on batteries
0	bully on batteries
1	Great output, very fast printing, and low ink cost.
1	Great turnout, very fast printing, and low ink cost.
0	Slow at times
0	obtuse at times
1	Tons of great features, small size, light weight
1	Tons of capital features, small size, light weight
0	Cost
0	toll
1	Smaller, sleeker, multiple numbers: one name, "nubbin" ok button,
1	Smaller, sleeker, multiple numbers: one refer, "nubbin" ok button,
1	Easy to use, great price, inexpensive storage media.
1	Easy to habit, great price, inexpensive storage media.
1	great price for the excellent quality, ease-of-use
1	great price for the excellent tone, ease-of-use
0	bad pic quality, flash is too bright, pictures are blurry quite often
0	speculative pic quality, flash is too bright, exposure are blurry quite often
0	Can take a long time for top quality prinouts to emerge&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	stern pack a long time for top tone prinouts to emerge&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Very poor performance in low light 
0	Very poor performance in modest light 
1	Easy to use, fast printing, good quality photos, ink tank system, software
1	Easy to habituate, fast printing, beneficial quality photos, ink tank system, software
0	Not a great camera but who cares.
0	Not a capital camera but who cares.
0	Short battery life
0	suddenly battery life
1	Stunning image quality, manual modes for custom shots, USB transfer, external flash capability
1	Stunning image prize, manual modes for custom shots, USB transfer, external dart capability
1	Ease of use, great quality photos, love the store-on-disk feature
1	Ease of utilize, groovy quality photos, love the store-on-disk feature
1	time & caller id on cover, loud speaker, sharp screen, recording function, camera, games selection.
1	time & caller id on blanket, loud speaker, sharp sort, recording function, camera, games selection.
0	Battery Life, inadequate zoom
0	Battery Life, inadequate surge
1	fast,expandable,dependable
1	fast,expandible,dependable
0	Two handed reclining mechanism, hard to reach connecting hook
0	Two handed reclining mechanism, hard to reach connecting snarf
1	Fast print speeds, average cost of consumables, and USB support
1	Fast print amphetamine, average cost of consumables, and USB backing
1	Clear, Beautiful Color Pictures
1	Clear, Beautiful distort Pictures
1	The BEST
1	The undecomposed
1	VERY easy to use, quick picture transfer, easy to read menus, high quality display.
1	VERY easy to practice, quick picture transfer, easy to read menus, high quality presentation.
1	Great picture quality, easy user interface on camera
1	Great picture quality, prosperous user interface on camera
1	large seating area, lots of leg room, moveable seats, easy steering,  large wheels make it easy to go through stuff
1	large seating area, distribute of leg room, moveable seats, easy steering,  large wheels score it sluttish to pass through stuff
1	Fantastic Pictures! Great Price $255.00!
1	grotesque Pictures! Great Price $255.00!
0	No sheet feeder for multipage fax. Scanner light stays on for a long time.
0	No tabloid feeder for multipage fax. Scanner light corset on for a long time.
1	You can run with a baby!
1	You can lam with a baby!
0	1/2 second shot delay and low battery life while using the LCD screen
0	1/2 endorsement snap delay and low battery life while using the LCD screen
1	Rechargeable battery, easy to use
1	Rechargeable battery, easy to utilization
0	Short battery life, limited games, no online access
0	Short battery lifetime, limited games, no online access
1	Excellent Pro Quality Color Laser At Great Price
1	splendid Pro Quality Color Laser At Great Price
0	None
0	none
1	Nice Feature, light
1	Nice Feature, swooning
1	Signal Strength LCD Size Style
1	Signal Strength LCD Size dash
0	Keys can be hard to punch.  No "normal" rings.
0	Keys can be hard to punch.  No "normal" hoop.
0	Battery life, bulky and uggggely!
0	Battery life-time, bulky and uggggely!
0	EVERYTHING
0	EVERYTHING
1	none
1	none
1	Inexpensive/Quality photos/useful features not found on most cameras in the $$ range/Simple to use.
1	Inexpensive/Quality exposure/useful features not incur on most cameras in the $$ range/dewy-eyed to use.
1	Exceptional quality, very versatile,very affordable
1	Exceptional quality, very versatile,very low-cost
1	 The enhancement options are easily accesible from the camera itself.
1	 The sweetening option are easily accesible from the camera itself.
1	Options galore, adaptable, a "cool" phone
1	option galore, adaptable, a "cool" phone
0	One of the most expensive inkjet printers
0	unmatched of the most expensive inkjet printers
0	a bit bigger than the SCP-4000
0	a bit full-grown than the SCP-4000
0	none
0	none
1	no contracts or bills, backlit display, prepaid, anyone can buy it, long battery life
1	no contracts or broadside, backlit display, prepaid, anyone can buy it, yearn battery life
1	&lt;b&gt;Lightweight&lt;/b&gt; ~ 12 pounds!
1	&lt;b&gt;Lightweight&lt;/b&gt; ~ 12 lumber!
1	Rather fast, excellent service
1	Rather fast, excellent serve
0	Cost
0	price
0	Cheap feel, slow powerup, slow number lookup, inconsistent menu, poor menu buttons
0	Cheap find, slow powerup, slow number search, inconsistent menu, poor menu buttons
1	Very versatile
1	really versatile
1	small, light, great sound, phone book, calender, too much to list!
1	small, twinkle, great wakeless, phone book, calender, too much to list!
1	Large grip for bigger hands, able to record video clips
1	gravid grip for bigger hands, able to record video lop
0	a little slow &amp;amp; expensive refills
0	a little deadening &amp;amp; expensive refills
1	Lightweight, great pictures, easy to learn, add-ons not necessary, genuine SLR look and feel
1	Lightweight, great pictures, easy to instruct, improver not necessary, genuine SLR look and feel
0	Slows my computer down while printing and expensive print cartridges
0	slow my calculator down while printing and expensive print cartridges
1	price, performance
1	Price, performance
1	fairly reliable with XP and linux
1	clean reliable with XP and linux
0	Expensive photo prints
0	expensive photo prints
1	Fast, Accurate, good color, easy to set up
1	Fast, Accurate, good discolor, easy to set up
0	Proprietary Battery, Poor RAW Software, Bulky, Lens Cap
0	Proprietary Battery, Poor RAW Software, Bulky, Lens hood
0	Battery comes off phone! Accessories are somewhat expensive and hard to find.
0	Battery hail off phone! accessory are somewhat expensive and hard to find.
1	ink cartridge, paper alignment 
1	ink cartridge, composition alignment 
1	good reception and sound quality
1	effective reception and sound quality
0	Power Usage, Slow Response When Cold
0	ability Usage, Slow Response When Cold
0	haven't found one!!
0	haven't notice one!!
0	nothing I can see
0	nothing 1 can see
0	Price
0	damage
0	The little rubber plug that you have to lift to plug in the headset.
0	The little gumshoe wad that you have to lift to plug in the headset.
1	High resolution, accurate colors, access to controls, battery life
1	High resolution, accurate colors, access to ascendency, battery life
0	The flash is so powerful it ruins your pictures.  
0	The trice is so powerful it ruins your pictures.  
0	uses much ink, may be cloggy
0	employment much ink, may be cloggy
1	Small size, cuteness factor
1	pocket-size size, cuteness factor
1	Light for a double stroller.  Comfy, well-padded seats.  Easy to steer.
1	clear for a treble stroller.  Comfy, well-padded seats.  Easy to steer.
1	Capable of taking truly great photos
1	Capable of taking truly great exposure
1	Light, easy to steer
1	sparkle, easy to steer
1	Has all the features you could want.
1	Has all the features you could deprivation.
0	Not all that intuitive. Autofocus sometimes doesn't. Lo-res video.
0	Not all that intuitive. Autofocus sometimes doesn't. Lo-res picture.
0	It whines.
0	It creak.
0	Awful battery life, expensive accessories
0	awful battery life, expensive accessories
1	simple, straightforward and excelent pictures
1	mere, straightforward and excelent pictures
0	The price and software. 
0	The Price and software. 
0	big
0	vauntingly
1	Metalized-futuristic styling, diminute size, dual screen, flip-open type, good screen
1	Metalized-futuristic title, diminute size, dual screen, flip-open character, good screen
0	Ink nozzles have to be cleaned regularly
0	Ink nose have to be cleaned regularly
1	Excellent, low-noise images; compatibility with Canon external flash units; user interface is easy
1	Excellent, low-noise epitome; compatibility with Canon external fanfare units; user interface is easy
1	Compact size, excellent picture quality, great value
1	Compact size, excellent figure quality, great value
0	Uses lots of battery power, a bit slow (both are common to digicams)
0	Uses lots of battery mogul, a bit dull (both are common to digicams)
1	Inexpensive, feature-packed phone. Excellent battery life. Light-weight.
1	Inexpensive, feature-packed phone. Excellent barrage life. Light-weight.
1	Great printer; great rebate!
1	Great printer; expectant rebate!
0	Low resolution
0	depression resolution
1	Zoom, clarity, special functions
1	Zoom, clarity, special mapping
0	bad customer service, bad design
0	tough customer service, bad design
1	Text messaging buttons, good menu layout, good contact system
1	Text messaging buttons, goodness menu layout, good contact system
1	Excellent quality and resolution&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to operate&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great support/warranty terms&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Excellent quality and resolution&amp;#13;&amp;#10;comfortable to maneuver&ampere;#13;&amp;#10;heavy support/warranty terms&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Loves those batteries! Buy the Nickel-Metal Hydride Rechargable batteries they last 3 times as long as normal rechargable batteries
0	Loves those batteries! Buy the Nickel-Metal Hydride Rechargable batteries they last three times as long as pattern rechargable barrage
1	Mostly good and sharp pictures
1	Mostly good and sharp picture
0	Battery Life
0	Battery life-time
1	High quality images,stores images on either recordable or re-writable CDs,easy to coordinate with any computer
1	High prime images,storage picture on either recordable or re-writable CDs,easy to coordinate with any computer
0	Limited Zoom Range, Limited Manual Control
0	Limited Zoom Range, limit Manual Control
0	not too fast
0	not too dissipated
1	Maneuverability, Lightweight
1	Maneuverability, whippersnapper
1	Excellent printouts, speedy, quiet
1	Excellent printouts, speedy, silence
1	Being able to delete pictures as you take them
1	comprise able to delete pictures as you take them
1	Functionality, Features, Price
1	Functionality, Features, toll
0	battery Life
0	shelling Life
1	Price &amp;amp; easy to use
1	Price &amp;amp; well-to-do to use
1	Fast and Reliable with superb print quality
1	Fast and honest with superb print quality
0	warranty not very long
0	warranty not very recollective
1	Compact size and convenience, HP quality.
1	covenant size and convenience, HP quality.
0	What's That, Are There Any?
0	What's That, be There Any?
0	Wifi, seamless wifi to GSM transition. Can use instant messaging on wifi. Bluetooth, VGA camera.
0	Wifi, seamless wifi to GSM transition. tail usage clamant messaging on wifi. Bluetooth, VGA camera.
1	Nice price and easy to use
1	Nice price and easy to apply
0	Gimmicky camera (cool, though) buttons not entirely comfortable for anyone who isn't Tiny Tim.
0	Gimmicky camera (cool, though) push not entirely comfortable for anyone who isn't midget Tim.
1	Affordable, flatbed scanner, good print quality, space saved.
1	Affordable, flatbed scanner, good print tone, space saved.
0	No external caller id, No speakerphone
0	no external caller id, No speakerphone
0	Batteries don't last as long as would like
0	Batteries don't last as foresightful as would like
0	Poor photo quality printing, cannot network with other computers in the house
0	Poor photo quality printing, cannot network with other estimator in the mansion
0	Soft photos, proprietary battery with mediocre life.
0	Soft photos, proprietary battery with mediocre lifespan.
1	Excellent Pictures, zoom doesn't protrude, easy to use, excellent LCD.
1	Excellent render, zoom doesn't protrude, easy to utilize, excellent LCD.
1	Superb basic phone, loud volume, pocket sized design, excellent speaker quality
1	Superb basic phone, loud loudness, pocket sized purpose, excellent speaker quality
0	extending antenna
0	pass antenna
0	Signal strength, battery indicator, camera quality.
0	signaling strength, battery indicator, camera quality.
0	does not print like a laser printer
0	does not print alike a laser printer
1	Coolest looking phone on earth
1	Coolest looking phone on land
1	&amp;quot;instant&amp;quot; web shots, great lens, convenient floppies
1	&amp;quot;jiffy&amp;quot; web shots, bang-up lens, convenient floppies
1	USB compatible, easy to use, zoom feature, viewfinder  ,
1	USB compatible, sluttish to use, zoom feature, viewfinder  ,
0	Ringer volume WAY too low, poor user interface
0	Ringer volume WAY too modest, poor user interface
1	Wow! Awesome quality, HP name, fast, USB and Parallel capable.
1	Wow! Awesome tone, HP name, immobile, USB and Parallel capable.
0	Automatic turn off after so many inactive seconds.
0	Automatic turn off after so many nonoperational seconds.
1	Lots of Value for the Price! Zoom, Charger, Smartcard all come with Camera!
1	lashings of assess for the Price! Zoom, Charger, Smartcard all come with Camera!
1	Color, easy to use, keypad, programs, gallery
1	Color, easy to practice, keypad, programs, gallery
0	the cooliest
0	the cooliest
1	Generally good image quality, ease-of-use.
1	Generally good trope quality, ease-of-use.
1	Automatic two-sided printing , USB compatible, Fast and silent printing, Exceptionally sharp plain-paper printouts.
1	Automatic two-sided printing , USB compatible, Fast and still printing, Exceptionally keen plain-paper printouts.
1	Functionally superior, visually understated, great battery, great features. Reasonable price.
1	Functionally superordinate, visually understated, great battery, great features. Reasonable Price.
0	poor ringtone volume, difficult to work with the screen under the sun
0	poor ringtone volume, difficult to study with the screen under the Dominicus
0	rollers leave marcks on paper
0	curler leave marcks on paper
0	Cartridges are a liiiiiiiittle expensive, but they last a long time so it's not a big deal
0	magazine are a liiiiiiiittle expensive, but they last a long time so it's not a boastful pot
1	Inexpensive, Easy to use
1	Inexpensive, Easy to apply
0	Feeding heavy stock from paper tray, incorrect instructions for printing a test page.
0	feed heavy stock from paper tray, incorrect instructions for printing a examination page.
0	Didn't come with any connection cables...
0	Didn't follow with any connection cables...
1	6  megapixels,great battery life,light weight
1	vi  megapixels,great battery life,light weight
1	Twisting screen, battery life, stitch mode, microdrive, excellent build. 
1	Twisting screen, battery life, stitch mood, microdrive, excellent build. 
0	No Flash 
0	No tawdry 
1	Cheap, Quite good picture quality, Extremely easy to use
1	Cheap, Quite good picture quality, Extremely easy to employ
0	light turns off too fast
0	light bout off too fast
1	Nice Design, easy to use, add ringtones and games. External picture caller ID
1	Nice Design, easy to use, add ringtones and biz. External render caller ID
1	Great entry flip phone and Virgin's Mobility Plan
1	Great entry tack phone and Virgin's Mobility Plan
1	It fits in small purses nicely...
1	It fits in low purses nicely...
1	Just a great camera to use with all the versatility that you could want.
1	just a great camera to manipulation with all the versatility that you could want.
1	quality, versatility.
1	timbre, versatility.
0	Irritating beep when camera takes a picture, no flash on camera.
0	Irritating beep when camera need a scene, no flash on camera.
0	Dim Screen in light & no Voice Command
0	Dim Screen in lightly & no Voice Command
0	Size, feel on wrist
0	Size, look on wrist
0	No storage, not good in the snow, tricky to fold
0	nobelium depot, not good in the snow, tricky to fold
1	Easy to use
1	sluttish to use
0	low light focusing is poor
0	low faint focusing is poor
1	Easy to use, sharp detailed images
1	soft to use, sharp detailed images
0	Small LCD, underpowered, NIMH extra
0	belittled LCD, underpowered, NIMH extra
0	uses CPU for image processing
0	uses CPU for image sue
0	blurry pictures, poor quality
0	blurry pictures, piteous quality
0	Generally slow operation
0	Generally decelerate operation
0	Quiet speaker, unreliable keypad, lack of decent appointment alerts, poor Bluetooth range
0	Quiet speaker, unreliable keypad, lack of decorous appointment alerting, poor Bluetooth range
0	Price, cartridge prices, print speed
0	Price, cartridge prices, print hurrying
0	none so far
0	none so Interahamwe
0	poor flash; documentation
0	misfortunate flash; documentation
0	Absolutely need a rechargable battery!
0	Absolutely motive a rechargable battery!
0	Very slow, poor camera, call and end buttons backwards...
0	Very slow, poor camera, promise and end buttons backwards...
0	Needs a lot of light.
0	Needs a plenty of light.
0	Slow to warm up, large size, printing a color photo is slow.
0	Slow to strong up, large size, printing a tinge photo is slow.
1	Very light
1	Very easy
0	Poor ergonomic design, small dimly lit display, dimly lit keyboard. Slippery, hard to open.
0	Poor ergonomic design, small dimly lit display, dimly lit keyboard. Slippery, operose to exposed.
1	quiet, great speed, and great pictures.
1	tranquil, great speed, and great pictures.
0	Needs an extended battery (see review)
0	Needs an broaden battery (see review)
0	print speed (why do they always lie??)
0	print rush (why do they always lie??)
1	design and picture quality
1	design and depiction quality
0	The instruction manual is a little vague in some sections.
0	The instruction manual is a lilliputian shadowy in some sections.
1	GREAT print quality, waterproof prints!  easy to use, small footprint
1	GREAT print quality, waterproof prints!  wanton to use, small step
0	Too big. Ear phone detaches too easily. The battery detaches too easily
0	Too boastfully. Ear phone detaches too easily. The shelling detaches too easily
0	Black OR color printing
0	blackamoor OR color printing
1	Gee, a horrendous bill, a lousy phone, and it's my fault? You tell me.
1	Gee, a horrendous broadside, a lousy phone, and it's my fault? You severalise me.
1	digital camera, big screen, colorful
1	digital camera, big riddle, colorful
1	keyboard, video, camera
1	keyboard, picture, camera
1	Durable, Easy to use
1	Durable, Easy to role
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to habituate
0	Phone crashes (from time to time).
0	Phone clangor (from time to time).
0	3.1 Mega Pixels is ALOT but it would be nice to have more!
0	3.one Mega pel is ALOT but it would be nice to have more!
1	Camera, Aim Intergrated, WAP, 65k color
1	Camera, Aim Intergrated, WAP, 65k semblance
0	A little heavier than other new phones. No games come preset in the phone.
0	amp little heavier than other new phones. No games hail preset in the phone.
0	Expensive
0	expensive
1	easy to use, excellent picture quality, low priced 3.34 megapixel camera
1	easy to purpose, excellent picture caliber, low priced 3.34 megapixel camera
0	The price is higher than some brands.
0	The price is higher than some make.
0	Noise. Ink cartridge cost(all are).
0	Noise. Ink pickup cost(all are).
1	Easy to use, good size and weight, and much more
1	Easy to use, thoroughly size and slant, and much more
0	Awful sound quality, screen gets smudges
0	Awful sound quality, screen gets smear
0	Big, No Color Screen.
0	Big, No Color riddle.
0	Manual could be a little more user-friendly
0	Manual could be a niggling more user-friendly
0	Use Epson paper for best results
0	Use Epson paper for best leave
1	Good reception. Looks pretty.
1	Good reception. flavour pretty.
1	Text Quality, Print output very good
1	Text Quality, Print output very expert
1	Very portable, very long battery life, easy to use.
1	real portable, very long battery life, easy to use.
0	difficult buttons, expensive ac adapter
0	difficult push, expensive ac adapter
1	Takes great pictures, Takes pictures FAST, AMAZING battery life, and has a great lens!
1	Takes great pictures, Takes pictures tight, puzzle battery life, and has a great lens!
0	Annoying features, very confusing
0	annoyance features, very confusing
1	Great, portable printer with better than average results
1	Great, portable printer with undecomposed than average results
1	Baby's are pretty heavy. You don't have to carry them.
1	Baby's are pretty toilsome. You don't have to post them.
1	easy to use, low cost
1	well-to-do to use, low cost
0	Annoying missed call and message reminders.
0	Annoying escape call and message reminders.
1	Easy to carry - I always have it with me.
1	Easy to carry - ane always have it with me.
1	Small size, lack of external antenna make it easy to fit in a pocket
1	Small size, lack of external antenna piddle it easy to conniption in a pocket
1	Just point and shoot
1	Just charge and shoot
0	extremely unreliable
0	passing unreliable
1	Cheap, good printing
1	flash, good printing
0	no protective cover on LCD,questionable low-light capabilities,many settings
0	no protective plow on LCD,refutable low-light capabilities,many settings
1	Small, sleek, very good battery life, ready for the future, world phone
1	Small, sleek, very good battery life, ready for the hereafter, world sound
1	High Quality Photos; Respectable Price
1	High Quality Photos; good Price
1	Slim profile, small size, well constructed, bright screen and good audio quality.
1	thin profile, small size, well constructed, bright screen and good audio choice.
0	Not useful after the first few months
0	Not useful after the outset few months
0	Limited accessories, weak zoom, only 2.0 megapixels
0	confine accessories, weak zoom, only 2.0 megapixels
1	Good customer service
1	respectable customer service
1	Affordable, lots of accessories, basic for first time buyers.
1	Affordable, batch of accessories, basic for first time buyers.
0	Extra Batteries on hand?  Good!
0	supererogatory Batteries on hand?  Good!
0	No voice dialling. No infrared. Battery life could be better.
0	No voice dial. No infrared. Battery life could be substantially.
0	Doesn't come with the data cable
0	Doesn't come with the data cablegram
0	Seems to perform a head clean on turning on and off: wastes ink.
0	look to perform a drumhead clean on turning on and off: wastes ink.
1	Lightweight, compact and stylish 
1	Lightweight, thick and stylish 
1	Easy to use!
1	tardily to use!
0	Noisy, cartridge prices
0	Noisy, pickup prices
1	Small and light weight.
1	Small and illumine weight.
1	Small size, digital and analog capable.
1	small-scale size, digital and analog capable.
1	Great quality prints
1	slap-up quality prints
1	Inexpensive, great text quality.
1	Inexpensive, swell text quality.
1	Separate ink tanks, fast speed, cheap
1	Separate ink tanks, fast speed, gaudy
0	Optical viewfinder, magenta cast in Auto mode.
0	Optical viewfinder, magenta mould in Auto mode.
0	I didn't care for the pop up flash and their battery.
0	I didn't fear for the pop up gimcrack and their battery.
0	Does not work as designed.
0	Does not play as designed.
0	Keys are a bit small, battery life is not great compared to a 6310i
0	Keys are a mo modest, battery life is not great compared to a 6310i
1	get the prints you want
1	capture the prints you want
0	Expensive cartridges, flimsy input tray.
0	Expensive magazine, flimsy input tray.
1	Stylish
1	stylish
0	None yet.
0	None heretofore.
1	Mac/Windows Autoswitch
1	mack/Windows Autoswitch
0	not as good as more expensive models
0	not as good as more expensive mould
1	Relatively inexpensive, good battery life, lightweight, looks good, has a radio.
1	Relatively inexpensive, thoroughly battery life, lightweight, bet good, has a radio.
0	may be too small for some, expensive, GSM service may be spotty
0	may be too lowly for some, expensive, GSM overhaul may be spotty
1	Size, weight, feel, dependability.
1	Size, weight, feel, reliableness.
1	bright screen, nice features
1	undimmed screen, nice features
0	only 1.3 pixels
0	only 1.leash pixels
1	lightweight, comfortable for child
1	lightweight, comfortable for baby
1	Great value in an all-in-one machine
1	Great assess in an all-in-one machine
0	Ink is expensive and this is an ink eater!
0	Ink is expensive and this is an ink feeder!
1	Good accuracy, good quality, cheap
1	Good accuracy, good quality, tinny
1	The LCD display and key pad functionality are excellent.
1	The LCD display and cardinal pad functionality are excellent.
1	I like this digital camera a lot. Easy to use.  
1	I like this digital camera a lot. well-to-do to manipulation.  
0	none
0	none
0	Upgradeability
0	Upgradeability
0	breaks down two months after warranty goes out
0	breaks down II months after warranty goes out
1	nice small little phone...
1	nice pocket-size little phone...
0	supplied memory stick should be a 16 mb not a 4mb
0	supplied retentivity joystick should be a 16 mb not a 4mb
1	Beautiful pictures, great battery, solid build, feature-packed, swivel LCD
1	beautiful pictures, great battery, solid build, feature-packed, swivel LCD
1	You can mix your own ringtones. Good coverage, and rock solid.
1	You can commixture your own ringtones. unspoiled coverage, and rock solid.
0	none
0	none
0	Shutter Button 1 Second Delay, Tiny Connection into Camera
0	Shutter Button 1 moment Delay, Tiny Connection into Camera
1	Good size  and battery life easy to use&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;full featured
1	upright size  and battery life easy to use&#13;&#decade;&#13;&#10;full featured
0	None
0	none
1	International capability, great battery life if you aren't compulsive about talking a lot.
1	International capability, keen battery life if you aren't compulsive about talking a raft.
0	I have had problems with devices that attach to the charge/data port.
0	I have had problems with devices that impound to the institutionalise/data port.
0	Hard to text message
0	backbreaking to text message
1	Easy to use, multifunctional
1	well-to-do to use, multifunctional
1	Fast print speed.  High resolution.  Excellent warm tone rendition - low dither.
1	Fast print speed.  High solution.  Excellent warm tone rendition - gloomy dither.
1	Lightweight and small
1	Lightweight and diminished
1	Size, Features, Causes stares =)
1	Size, have, Causes stares =)
1	compact
1	summary
0	battery life
0	battery biography
0	Lack of utility in printer driver for inkjet replacement; print quality is wholly dependent on paper quality. 
0	Lack of utility-grade in printer driver for inkjet substitution; print caliber is wholly dependent on paper quality. 
1	compact, inexpensive, great photos, great lcd screen, impressive night illuminator.
1	compact, inexpensive, great photos, keen lcd screen, impressive dark illuminator.
0	Horrible speakers, battery indicator, keypad lock features, voice-activated dial...
0	Horrible verbalizer, battery indicator, keypad lock features, voice-activated dial...
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
0	both cameras are risky quality (nada new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
1	Great Quality, Sturdy Design
1	Great Quality, Sturdy innovation
1	Beautiful and luxurious.  Very, very comfortable and spacious for baby.
1	Beautiful and sybaritic.  Very, very prosperous and spacious for baby.
1	Price &amp; Quality!
1	Price &AMP; Quality!
0	Flash can tend to drown out picture subjects (very strong!)
0	tacky can lean to drown out picture subjects (very strong!)
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
0	WEAK tickle! I can never finger the vibrate on this phone!
0	Non-Color Screen.  No external screen.
0	Non-Color screenland.  No external screen.
0	Standard accessories don't work well, not many aftermarket accessories available.
0	Standard accessories don't crop well, not many aftermarket accessory available.
0	Battery doesn't last the time stated and no ring plus vibrate feature.
0	Battery doesn't finally the time stated and no gang plus vibrate feature.
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	doesn't print color
0	doesn't mark color
0	volume not that loud
0	loudness not that loud
1	Great Value! Good Quality Printing
1	Great Value! Good Quality publish
0	Phonebook/Caller ID, I don't know if its worth the extra cost for the color
0	Phonebook/Caller ID, I don't bang if its worth the excess cost for the vividness
1	Prints Excellent Quality Pictures , 
1	Prints Excellent caliber Pictures , 
0	Bad quality pictures, very battery-hungry
0	Bad quality pic, very battery-hungry
0	It keeps breaking.
0	It livelihood breaking.
0	New look, old technology
0	fresh look, old technology
0	No calling card option, included holster makes it succeptible to losing bat. cover
0	No calling add-in option, included holster makes it succeptible to losing bat. shroud
0	A few rare minor problems. Heads dry too often.
0	A few rare minor problems. capitulum dry too often.
1	Cute, small, light weight, cool feautures.
1	Cute, belittled, light weight, cool feautures.
0	Slow, No stand alone fax
0	tedious, No stand alone fax
0	Does not have Optical Zoom
0	dress not have Optical Zoom
1	Service, size, see through display, speakerphone, one second billing &#13;&#10;
1	Service, size, catch through expose, speakerphone, one second billing &#13;&#10;
0	can hog large amounts of CPU leading to CPU hang times...  may need to wait for printer to finish medium to complex jobs on low to mid range computers
0	can hog big amounts of CPU stellar to mainframe hang times...  may need to wait for printer to finish medium to complex task on low to mid roam computers
1	Solid; good sound quality; fairly easy to use; good battery life; flip design
1	Solid; good sound quality; fairly well-off to apply; good battery life; flip design
1	Simple to Use
1	Simple to purpose
1	Convenience and storage capacity; no worry about memory stick or CompactFlash; moderately priced
1	Convenience and storage content; no worry about memory pose or CompactFlash; moderately priced
0	a few details that could be improved on
0	a few details that could be ameliorate on
1	Quiet, USB
1	placid, USB
0	Price will probably come down
0	Price will probably occur down
1	Speed, Quality, Reliability
1	Speed, tone, Reliability
1	Very durable and easy to manuever
1	Very durable and leisurely to manuever
0	Very  Hard to Use 
0	Very  firmly to Use 
1	EASY to use, great picture quality, EASY to use software included.
1	well-heeled to use, great delineation quality, EASY to use software included.
0	burns through ink when not in draft mode
0	burns through ink when not in conscription mode
1	Speakerphone, Indiglo
1	speakerphone, Indiglo
1	super easy to use, very good quality photos
1	super easy to use, very just quality photos
1	Compact and lightweight
1	compact and lightweight
1	Great laser printer for a single user
1	Great laser printer for a undivided user
0	Ink is a little expensive
0	Ink is a footling expensive
0	frequent misdials, not in servive bad text display,  few accesory compatibility
0	shop misdials, not in servive bad textbook display,  few accesory compatibility
1	Sexy Phone, Works Everywhere in the world, SMALL!
1	Sexy Phone, Works Everywhere in the Earth, SMALL!
1	8X Nikkor Zoom, five megapixel resolution, uncompressed RAW &amp; TIFF images, 
1	8X Nikkor Zoom, five megapixel resolution, uncompressed rude &AMP; TIFF images, 
1	Megapixel camera. Video. MP3 player. Transflash card slot. Bluetooth. GPRS. Excellent screen.
1	Megapixel camera. television. MP3 player. Transflash card slot. Bluetooth. GPRS. Excellent blind.
0	No page count, poor manual, cable could be longer, no USB.
0	No page count, piteous manual, cable could be longsighted, no USB.
0	poor Motorola menu structure, awful battery life, buggy software
0	poor Motorola menu structure, frightful battery life, buggy software
0	Slight blurring if you don't wait long enough for focus, Battery life, Dark LCD...
0	Slight smudge if you don't wait long enough for focus, Battery life, morose LCD...
0	Battery life, Phone book difficult to quickly navigate
0	Battery life, Phone book difficult to quick navigate
0	Excellent print, scan,copier
0	splendid print, scan,copier
0	Bad signal reception!!!
0	big signal reception!!!
0	poor quality at night, short 10 second timer
0	poor timbre at night, short 10 second timer
0	Heavy. Don't drop it, plastic case, but as good as the N65!
0	Heavy. Don't neglect it, plastic vitrine, but as good as the N65!
1	Easy transfer of photos.
1	well-off transfer of photos.
0	Lens cap could be tighter; no saving in TIF format; plastic card holder door.
0	Lens cap could be tighter; no delivery in TIF initialise; plastic card holder door.
0	Too pricey
0	besides pricey
1	Excellent detail, superb resolution, prints suppose to last from 140-200 years, USB and parallel.
1	excellent detail, superb resolution, prints suppose to go from 140-200 years, USB and parallel.
1	3G internet, sleek design, swivel camera, MP3 player, text templates
1	3G internet, aerodynamic aim, swivel camera, MP3 player, text templates
0	Cheap
0	inexpensive
1	Multiple Ink Tanks., Low Price., Boarderless Printing.
1	Multiple Ink Tanks., lowly Price., Boarderless Printing.
0	Shutter lag is noticeable. No way to put protective filter on without attachment
0	Shutter meantime is noticeable. No direction to put protective filter on without attachment
1	mail, paging, voice mail, phone, walkie-talkie in one
1	mail, paging, voice send, phone, walkie-talkie in one
1	Small, user-friendly, efficient
1	lowly, user-friendly, efficient
1	Skinny, non slip coating,vivid display.Nice tactile.
1	Skinny, non luxate coating,vivid display.Nice tactile.
1	Cheap, Great photos when works
1	Cheap, Great exposure when works
1	Quick, quiet, easy to install
1	speedy, quiet, easy to install
1	print quality, price, versatility
1	publish quality, price, versatility
1	all wheels swivel, unfols completely horizontally, easiest to unfold with one hand (a must)
1	all wheels swivel, unfols completely horizontally, gentle to unfold with single hand (a must)
1	Cant think of one
1	Cant guess of one
1	Price, great photos even on plain paper, big ink cartridges
1	price, great photos evening on plain paper, big ink cartridges
1	small size; Alarm clock; caller ID on outside; easy to navigate menus; Wireless Web
1	humble size; Alarm clock; caller ID on outside; slowly to navigate menus; Wireless Web
1	Many features for a lower price
1	Many features for a lower cost
1	excellent camera
1	splendid camera
1	Everything!
1	Everything!
0	Aborting, centering
0	Aborting, snap
0	Low Battery Life (turn the screen off when ever not in use to conserve battery life)
0	depleted Battery Life (turn the screenland off when ever not in role to conserve battery life)
1	Smooth design. Quiet operation. Easy to use.
1	Smooth design. Quiet operation. loose to use.
1	Easy to use. Quick assesable menu, and hotkeys.
1	Easy to purpose. Quick assesable menu, and hotkeys.
1	Print Quality
1	Print lineament
0	No threaded lens to accept filters or attachments, and what's with the colour scheme?
0	No threaded lens to accept permeate or attachments, and what's with the discolor scheme?
0	Didn't buy it sooner
0	Didn't purchase it sooner
0	Proprietary memory stick
0	Proprietary memory cohere
0	Battery life is terrible Not enough people using ReadyLink
0	Battery animation is terrible Not enough people using ReadyLink
0	Zoom, Slow Transfer, Basic Features
0	Zoom, decelerate Transfer, Basic Features
0	Battery meter and charging unreliable, phone turns off randomly
0	Battery meter and level unreliable, phone turns off randomly
1	Color screen, easy menu
1	Color screen, well-situated menu
1	Great color screen, short charging time, excellent sounds
1	Great color riddle, short charging time, excellent sounds
1	good, easy pictures.  film is a 3.5 disc.  very very easy to use&amp;#9;
1	good, well-situated show.  film is a 3.5 disc.  very very easy to expend&amp;#9;
0	Certain color reproduction
0	Certain colorise reproduction
0	somewhat bulky compared to new phones
0	middling bulky compared to new phones
0	Ink sucker, mechanical difficulties.
0	ink sucker, mechanical difficulties.
0	Tremendous ink consumption, frequent paper jams
0	Tremendous ink consumption, frequent paper obturate
1	Size, bluetooth capability
1	sizing, bluetooth capability
1	VERY COMPACT, GOOD QUALITY PICTURE, BATTERY LASTS FOR MANNY SHOTS
1	VERY thickset, effective QUALITY PICTURE, BATTERY LASTS FOR MANNY SHOTS
0	The strap does not seem secure &amp; only 2.5 hours battery life.
0	The strap does not seem unassailable &amp; only 2.5 minute battery life.
1	Large format paper handling capabilities, high resolution
1	Large format paper handling capability, high resolution
1	cheap
1	chinchy
1	looks good ( thats it !!)
1	looks adept ( thats it !!)
0	Like most double strollers, it squeaks from time to time
0	wish most double go-cart, it squeaks from time to time
0	Screen is hard to read.  No protective cover.
0	Screen is hard to read.  No protective back.
0	Slow color printing. Adding paper was difficult at first.
0	slowly color printing. Adding paper was difficult at first.
0	Screen is dull and washed out, scratches easily.
0	Screen is dull and washed out, cacography easily.
1	&lt;b&gt;Loves&lt;/b&gt; to print text...I got it cheap...includes good software
1	&lt;b&gt;Loves&lt;/b&gt; to mark text...I become it cheap...includes honest software
1	Inexpensive, high quality prints
1	Inexpensive, high quality impress
0	Runs through a lot of ink - and new cartridges cost a bundle
0	Runs through a draw of ink - and New cartridges cost a bundle
0	A bit slow. EXPENSIVE consumables. "Handy" bundled applets.
0	A bit easy. EXPENSIVE consumables. "Handy" bundled applets.
0	Not much else does
0	Not lots else does
1	small, light, inexpensive
1	pocket-size, light, inexpensive
1	An all around good camera...easy to use
1	An all around good camera...easily to use
0	Few second wait for picture, price, battery use.
0	Few second wait for impression, price, battery use.
1	Several features
1	various features
1	Small size, xD card is very fast, sharp photos, ease of use
1	Small size, xD card is very loyal, sharp photos, ease of habituate
0	none
0	none
1	Big improvements made over previous models
1	Big improvements hit over previous models
0	color rendition not always true
0	discolour rendition not always true
0	A little slow but hey, what do u want for les than $200
0	a little ho-hum but hey, what do u want for les than $200
1	Many options and small size
1	Many options and diminished size
0	Hard to add ringtones, bulbous antenna. Not much of a PDA.
0	surd to add ringtones, bulbous antenna. Not much of a organizer.
1	Size, clamshape design, very small, speakerphone
1	Size, clamshape conception, very small, speakerphone
1	Ease of use, price,
1	Ease of purpose, price,
1	Size, portability, metal case, style, battery life, games, screen quality, *durability*
1	Size, portability, metal case, fashion, battery lifespan, games, screen quality, *durability*
1	Rugged,  Small and Reliable with nice features
1	Rugged,  Small and dependable with nice features
0	the screen get dirty easy, but that is about it.
0	the screen get ill-gotten wanton, but that is about it.
1	I didn't pay for it. (Board of ed. did)
1	I didn't pay for it. (add-in of ed. did)
0	price
0	cost
0	Long pauses between pics, no panoramic mode.
0	tenacious pauses between pics, no panoramic mode.
1	priced right, easy to use, very durable
1	priced right, easy to employment, very durable
1	Accepts different lenses; Feels like a &lt;i&gt;real&lt;/i&gt; camera; Sharp pictures
1	Accepts different lenses; Feels like a &lt;i&gt;material&lt;/i&gt; camera; knifelike delineation
0	They should have included a USB cable
0	They should have admit a USB cable
1	Battery, styling, size, just about everything.
1	Battery, style, size, just about everything.
1	Small, eye catching, convenient, built in memory
1	Small, eye watch, convenient, built in memory
0	a little noisy
0	a piddling noisy
0	Control Panel looks intimidating, but is easy once you know what all the buttons do.
0	mastery Panel looks intimidating, but is well-situated once you know what all the push do.
0	Front tray scratches floor.
0	Front tray scratches storey.
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Easy to use, 1 Megapixel
1	Easy to practice, 1 Megapixel
1	Excellent Images
1	Excellent envision
1	Fast,clear printing
1	tight,clear printing
0	expensive for the moment (The netherlands)
0	expensive for the mo (The netherlands)
1	It has a nice purple epson logo on it
1	It has a nice purple epson logotype on it
1	Great mp3 player, compact, easy to use.
1	Great mp3 player, covenant, easy to use.
1	Reliable, light, long battery time
1	Reliable, light, foresightful battery time
0	Slippery phone connections, not a high-resolution color screen.
0	slippery phone connections, not a high-resolution color screen.
1	All Metal body, Small and lightweight.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;4.0 megapixels
1	All Metal consistence, little and lightweight.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;4.0 megapixels
0	Not the greatest quality printer.
0	Not the greatest select printer.
1	Compact, easy to use, and Inexpensive
1	Compact, easy to utilize, and Inexpensive
0	A bit pricey but discounts and specials available through carriers,no belt clip
0	A bit pricey but discounts and specials available through carriers,no bash snip
1	small, light, good resolution, well priced
1	small, light, well resolution, well priced
1	Small size, excellent image quality, easy to use
1	minuscule size, excellent image quality, easy to use
1	works quickly and quietly
1	works cursorily and quietly
0	batteries don't last when using high draw modes
0	batteries don't last when using high attract modes
0	Awkward menus, 8Mb memory a shame, no leather carrying case, bad memory indicator
0	Awkward menus, 8Mb memory a shame, no leather contain type, bad memory indicator
1	Quality and initial price. Easy to print banners.
1	Quality and initial price. Easy to print banner.
0	focus problems,  pixelization, color separation, major shutter lag medium light
0	focus problem,  pixelization, color separation, major shutter lag medium clean
0	phone isn't very easily stored as a flip phone would be
0	phone isn't very easily store as a somersault phone would be
0	None so far
0	none so far
0	Lame games!!!! but easily over looked
0	Lame back!!!! but easily over looked
0	weak flash, no optical zoom
0	weak brassy, no optical zoom
1	Nice quality, Low Cost
1	Nice prime, Low Cost
0	Startup a bit slow. Flash can be obscured by finger., Accidental on from control dial.
0	Startup a bit dim. Flash can be hide by finger., Accidental on from hold dial.
1	Sharp Detailed Photos
1	acutely Detailed Photos
0	Poor color reproduction, high battery use 
0	Poor distort reproduction, high battery use 
0	Battery guzzler, Does not save settings, slow download
0	Battery guzzler, suffice not save settings, slow download
0	Fair Image Quality (Compared to 35mm)
0	Fair Image prime (Compared to 35mm)
1	Fast, clean printing. Software shows ink levels which, alone, is worth the purchase.
1	flying, clean printing. Software present ink levels which, alone, is worth the purchase.
0	A bit noisy
0	A second noisy
0	Poor signal strength.  Poor battery life.
0	Poor signal strength.  Poor barrage life.
1	It was free...that's all.
1	It was devoid...that's all.
0	Slow, mediocre printing
0	irksome, mediocre printing
0	no voice-dialing, games could be better
0	no voice-dialing, games could be estimable
1	Great pictures, easy to use, scriptable
1	Great characterization, easy to use, scriptable
1	Front folding flap, control panel
1	Front folding pother, control panel
1	Easy to Collapse, Looks Great, Smooth Ride &amp; Cupholders too!
1	Easy to give, Looks expectant, Smooth Ride &amp; Cupholders too!
0	Intimidated by lots of buttons? This may have too many settings for you.
0	Intimidated by muckle of buttons? This may have too many scope for you.
0	not very loud speaker in outdoor situations
0	not very flash speaker in outdoor situations
0	BIG machine&amp;#13;&amp;#10;A little noisy...&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No walk-up faxing
0	magnanimous machine&amp;#13;&ampere;#10;A lilliputian noisy...&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No walk-up faxing
1	Easy to install.  Many nice features
1	Easy to install.  Many nice characteristic
0	bad reception
0	sorry reception
1	QWERTY Keyboard, 4 IM Clients, Good Battery Life, FM Radio, my favorite phone...
1	QWERTY Keyboard, 4 IM Clients, adept barrage Life, FM Radio, my favorite phone...
0	Small form factor makes hitting the buttons difficult if you aren't paying attention.
0	pocket-size form factor stool hitting the buttons difficult if you aren't paying attention.
0	camera, not alot of memory for mp3
0	camera, not alot of store for mp3
1	Too many to list
1	too many to list
0	Crummy viewfinder; Dim LCD; terrible low-light performance
0	cheap viewfinder; Dim LCD; terrible low-light performance
0	Original Memory Card to small
0	Original Memory bill to small
0	Picture printout isn't great on this one.  The cartridges are also really expensive!
0	pic printout isn't great on this unitary.  The cartridges are also really expensive!
1	Ease of storage, Ease to maneuver
1	Ease of storage, informality to maneuver
1	 Very sharp lens and chip Compact Excellent software  
1	 Very sharp lens and chip Compact fantabulous software  
1	Faster than other models
1	Faster than other mannikin
0	Poor phone/PDA integration
0	Poor ring/PDA integration
0	Can be expensive to run
0	Can be expensive to go
0	Paint flakes off faceplate...carrying cradle does not securely hold phone
0	pigment flakes off faceplate...acquit cradle does not securely hold phone
1	Easy to use, pretty good photos, USB, excellent value
1	Easy to purpose, pretty good photos, USB, excellent value
1	Good looks, low cost, and good features
1	serious looks, low cost, and good features
1	easy to fold and unfold, comfortable, great features like reversible handle
1	easy to fold and extend, comfortable, bully features like reversible handle
1	Price, features, reliability, cartridges, software
1	Price, features, reliability, pickup, software
0	Too expensive, too many bugs, not worth it.
0	Too expensive, too many beleaguer, not worth it.
0	No color display, vibrates so hard it is audible, annoying menus, no GSM support
0	No tinge display, vibrates so hard it is audible, annoying menus, no GSM subscribe
0	Pay extra for the infant seat, bulky
0	Pay extra for the infant bum, bulky
1	low cost, good image quality, no additional cost for AC adapter
1	down cost, good image quality, no additional toll for AC adapter
0	Multimedia cards are not cheap
0	Multimedia card are not cheap
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
0	Setting up the functions, doesn't ring long enough for me.
0	mount up the purpose, doesn't ring long enough for me.
0	Battery life, Memory card size 
0	Battery life, Memory board size 
1	Bluetooth, GPRS, Tri-band, Email client, Great reception, Decent battery life.
1	Bluetooth, GPRS, Tri-band, e-mail client, Great reception, decent battery life.
1	Versatility - fax, copy, scan with available scanner cartridge.
1	Versatility - fax, replicate, scan with available scanner cartridge.
0	a little bulky by today's standards
0	a slight bulky by today's standards
0	People will want to borrow it from you.
0	People will deprivation to borrow it from you.
1	Small size, easy to fit in pocket or purse. Takes great pictures!
1	Small size, easy to fit in pocket or purse. proceeds corking pictures!
1	Excellent color screen, battery life and reception quality.
1	Excellent color screen, bombardment life and reception quality.
1	slim phone, looks really nice, great reception
1	slim phone, calculate really nice, great reception
1	Affordable price and lots of features; PC cam and video capabilities; Small and light
1	Affordable price and slews of features; PC cam and video capabilities; Small and luminosity
0	Price, poor macro ability, no audio in video playback (on camera only)
0	Price, misfortunate macro ability, no audio in TV playback (on camera only)
1	Compact, excellent photo quality, weather proof, user friendly  , 
1	Compact, excellent photo caliber, weather proof, user friendly  , 
1	Easy to use, good pictures, nice zoom
1	Easy to use, skilful pictures, nice zoom
0	Poor selections of ring tones, weak volume, lack of customization
0	Poor selections of call tincture, weak volume, lack of customization
1	Excellent quality photos, Intuitive user-interface and controls, great price!
1	Excellent quality picture, Intuitive user-interface and controls, great price!
0	Expensive ink cartridges $30-40
0	Expensive ink pickup $30-40
1	Megapixel at great price
1	Megapixel at smashing price
1	High quality pictures
1	High tone pictures
0	Price, Ugly Colors
0	cost, Ugly Colors
1	Small size, good pictures
1	Small size, good characterization
1	quality printing, good size/shape
1	quality printing, good size/conformation
1	Small, stylish, great features
1	Small, stylish, bully features
1	Simple Design, Easy Use
1	Simple Design, Easy role
0	Hard to adjust screen contrasts, buttons too small.
0	Hard to adjust screen contrasts, buttons too small-scale.
0	Useless screen outdoors and slippery case.
0	Useless screen outdoors and slippery instance.
1	Not ONE!
1	Not unmatchable!
1	Diskette storage, long battery life, quick recharge
1	Diskette store, long battery life, quick recharge
1	Good quality printing.  Many printing features.
1	Good quality printing.  Many printing boast.
0	clunky, pricey
0	clumsy, pricey
0	High cost, comparatively low battery life
0	High cost, comparatively low battery lifetime
0	Newer cameras have past this one bye (sorry Polaroid) :(
0	raw cameras have past this one bye (sorry Polaroid) :(
1	Extremely user-friendly, responsive, battery life (2xAA), useful features, picture quality, long exposure times.
1	extremely user-friendly, responsive, battery life (2xAA), useful features, flick quality, long exposure times.
1	Compact size, easy to use, price, great software bundle.  Feels like you're James Bond.
1	contract size, easy to use, price, great software bundle.  Feels like you're James tie.
1	Sound quality, compact size
1	Sound timber, compact size
0	Ack, the keypad is horrible!
0	Ack, the keypad is horrifying!
0	Phone book slow to load Sprint PCS not so reliable
0	Phone book retard to load sprint PCS not so reliable
0	screen, scene modes
0	cover, scene modes
1	Tandem Stroller with high quality materials
1	Tandem Stroller with eminent quality materials
1	Pictures, Product construction, Battery life
1	exposure, Product construction, Battery life
1	Well designed hardware for use by young children
1	Well designed hardware for use by young fry
1	Small, Rechargeable battery, optical &amp; Digital zoom, perfect color, manual modes
1	Small, Rechargeable battery, optical &amp; Digital soar, perfect colorize, manual modes
0	Some have software issues, power button is in a bad spot
0	Some have software matter, power button is in a defective spot
1	RELIABILITY, print output, photo quality reprints, easy on ink
1	RELIABILITY, print output, photo quality reprints, leisurely on ink
1	camera size,  photo quality
1	camera size,  pic quality
1	handy,  and easy to use
1	handy,  and easy to purpose
0	none for my use  - maybe for use with PC
0	none for my use  - perhaps for use with PC
1	floppy disk use; easy deletion; solarizing flowers is beautiful!
1	diskette disk use; easy deletion; solarizing flowers is beautiful!
0	One movement may change focus
0	One movement may change rivet
1	340 Meg IBM Microdrive
1	340 1000000 IBM Microdrive
0	Expensive HP paper and ink, limited to 8 1/2" wide paper, and problematic USB setup.
0	Expensive HP paper and ink, limited to 8 one/2" all-inclusive paper, and baffling USB setup.
0	Battery Charger Costs $$$
0	Battery Charger be $$$
0	Pricey for 1.3 megapixels and 8 MB card, slow serial transfer
0	Pricey for 1.3 megapixels and 8 MB add-in, wearisome serial transfer
1	Great optics, affordable, full featured, easy to use
1	Great oculus, affordable, full featured, easy to use
1	Ease and quickness of handling. Good pictures. Good zoom
1	Ease and quickness of handling. Good pictures. respectable zoom
0	no sound with digital movies (though the picture quality is good)
0	no good with digital movies (though the word-painting quality is good)
0	Reception, Boring
0	reception, Boring
0	none
0	none
0	shutter lag time, uses XD cards
0	shutter lag time, uses XD wit
0	Need to use manual mode to get best shots, the manual is inadequate, included serial cable is very slow to transfer large images, battery life very short (Note: With the exception of the manual, these are likely cons of all cameras)
0	Need to expend manual mode to grow ripe blastoff, the manual is inadequate, included serial telegraph is very dense to transfer large figure, battery life very short (Note: With the exception of the manual, these are likely diddle of all cameras)
1	4 pixels with many accessories give more shooting options
1	4 pixels with many supplement give more shooting options
1	phone looks nice, easy setup, most necessary features included
1	phone looks nice, well-fixed setup, most necessary features included
1	Great camera, easy to use, good looking, high quality images.
1	Great camera, easy to purpose, good looking, high quality visualise.
0	Still too many features for me
0	motionless too many features for me
1	Good customer service; cheaper than a polyester suit
1	Good customer service; cheaper than a polyester case
1	Includes easy to use camera and mp3 audio player.  Decent voice/sound quality.  Decent reception.
1	Includes easy to usance camera and mp3 sound player.  Decent voice/strait quality.  Decent reception.
1	good size, voice dialing, strong signal, vibrates, Huge phonebook.
1	good size, voice dialing, strong signalise, vibrates, Huge phonebook.
1	Car seat snaps right into stroller so baby stays undisturbed
1	Car tail snaps right into stroller so infant stays undisturbed
1	Style,size,Excellent list of multimedia options
1	fashion,size,Excellent list of multimedia options
1	Changeable Face Plates, Small enough to fit in pocket or small purse
1	Changeable Face Plates, Small enough to gibe in pocket or low purse
0	Beware of early phone crash
0	Beware of early phone clang
0	As of yet, I've not found any!
0	As of even, I've not found any!
0	Antenna Stinks-always breaking, Phone belt holder is to big!
0	Antenna Stinks-always intermit, Phone belt holder is to big!
0	Some phone functions are awkward &#150; list scrolling in particular. Low battery life.
0	Some phone occasion are awkward &#150; inclination scrolling in particular. Low battery life.
0	standard 8mb not enough memory
0	standard 8mb not adequate memory
1	Small and portable, soft amber light is amazing.  Good battery life.
1	Small and portable, soft amber illumination is amazing.  Good battery animation.
1	Quality, reliability
1	choice, reliability
1	Stylish, SLIM, classy looking
1	Stylish, SLIM, classy see
0	Too large
0	Too gravid
1	Multi Band (GSM /TDMA), great menu selections, infra red connectivity voice activation
1	Multi Band (GSM /TDMA), corking menu selections, infra red connectivity vocalization activation
0	speed
0	hurrying
0	Small Buttons
0	Small clitoris
0	Scan quality is terrible, so everything is terrible except simple printing, their software crashes
0	Scan caliber is terrible, so everything is terrible except simpleton printing, their software crashes
1	more than adequate cameraphone, good service
1	more than adequate cameraphone, good serving
0	none
0	none
0	Pricey, stiff paper tray and huge scanned file sizes
0	Pricey, stiff wallpaper tray and huge scanned file sizes
0	The T28 World as well as the T28Z both lag and have many glitches.
0	The T28 public as intimately as the T28Z both lag and have many glitches.
1	Better than average voice quality
1	honest than average voice quality
0	Photo quality is still not quite up to Epson standards
0	Photo lineament is noneffervescent not quite up to Epson standards
0	toner is expensive to replace
0	toner is expensive to substitute
0	None are significant. Sticky camera mode dial. Focus could be better.
0	None are significant. Sticky camera way dial. Focus could be bettor.
0	Really aren't any that I've found, software should come with it and not cost extra
0	Really aren't any that I've ground, package should come with it and not toll extra
1	Quality, attractive
1	choice, attractive
1	Small size, bright color screen, and long battery life
1	Small size, bright color screen, and hanker battery life
0	Short battery life
0	Short battery animation
1	Not many.
1	non many.
1	Floppy drive for easier transfer between other computers.
1	Floppy get for easier transfer between other computers.
1	Inexpensive and worked great for a year
1	Inexpensive and exploit great for a year
1	Easy to navigate and use, more than sufficient memory, rechargeable batteries, great photos even at 8 x 10
1	Easy to navigate and use, more than sufficient memory, rechargeable batteries, swell photos yet at 8 go 10
0	poor low light conditions, adequate speed
0	pitiful low light conditions, adequate speed
1	CD storage, 4 mega-pixels, lengthy video, a wide variety of options and features.
1	CD storage, four mega-pixels, lengthy video, a astray variety of options and features.
0	battery useage and download times
0	bombardment useage and download times
1	It gives you excellent photo quality!
1	It throw you excellent photo quality!
1	easy on ink, prints phots cheaper than most printers
1	easy on ink, publish phots cheaper than most printers
0	exterior looks funny, HUGE!!!, freezes a lot, scratches easily
0	exterior looks funny, HUGE!!!, freezes a lot, engrave easily
0	Manual pop up flash, camera seems fragile
0	Manual pappa up flash, camera seems fragile
0	Small keys
0	Small tonality
0	None yet
0	None still
0	battery life. software setup could be better
0	battery animation. software setup could be better
0	more noise than the s45 (the s50's 4MP stablemate)
0	more haphazardness than the s45 (the s50's 4MP stablemate)
0	1. Unacceptable reception 2. Unacceptable reception 3. Unacceptable reception
0	1. Unacceptable reception 2. Unacceptable reception 3. Unacceptable receipt
1	Worldwide GSM,&#13;&#10;Ultracompact size, &#13;&#10;Attractive brushed-aluminum casing, Infrared modem &#13;&#10;
1	Worldwide GSM,&#thirteen;&#ten;Ultracompact sizing, &#13;&#10;Attractive brushed-aluminum casing, Infrared modem &#13;&#10;
1	Durable, All the right features
1	Durable, All the correctly features
1	Features, Design, Look, Size, Durable, Antenna, Cost for features.
1	Features, Design, smell, Size, Durable, Antenna, Cost for features.
1	Voice dialing/command interface
1	Voice dialing/bidding interface
0	Price of accessories
0	toll of accessories
1	Price, Nice Picture quality, Compact, Lots of settings
1	Price, Nice Picture quality, compress, Lots of settings
0	Feature overload
0	Feature overburden
0	Not good for close up or business work
0	Not thoroughly for close up or business work
1	Sturdy and reliable. Scratch and Dent Resistant.
1	Sturdy and reliable. Scratch and slit Resistant.
1	Simple to Use; Affordable
1	unsubdivided to Use; Affordable
0	blurry,grainy,very poor quality
0	blurry,grainy,very misfortunate quality
0	Very picky when using parallel.
0	Very picky when employ parallel.
0	Slow
0	ho-hum
1	Good-looking. Lightweight.  Phone of the Moment!
1	Good-looking. Lightweight.  earpiece of the Moment!
0	price, no internet access
0	price, no internet entree
0	Not extremely fast
0	Not extremely loyal
0	camera is crap in the dark.
0	camera is shite in the dark.
1	Cheap. Physical setup ok.
1	Cheap. Physical setup okay.
1	it was free
1	it was unloosen
0	the cost ?
0	the be ?
0	NO durability at all.
0	no durability at all.
1	small, clear sound, good batter life
1	small, clear sound, dependable batter life
1	blocks roaming charges, nice looking, sturdy antenna
1	blocks roaming charges, nice await, sturdy antenna
0	$ bezel wear
0	$ bezel weary
0	Mine was unstable, very basic phone.
0	Mine was unstable, very basic telephone.
1	Agfa quality in a small box, great for table top and tests
1	Agfa quality in a lowly box, great for table lead and tests
1	Small size, easy use, built-in lens cover 
1	Small size, easy employment, built-in lens cover 
0	Facial Oil, no email, No alarm, freezing, no sms or chat, no custom ringers
0	Facial Oil, no email, No alarm, freezing, no Sm or schmoose, no custom ringers
0	Eats Batteries like snacks
0	chow Batteries like snacks
0	The Color Screen Is Not Very Vibrant, The Phone is Ugly.
0	The Color Screen Is Not Very Vibrant, The phone is unworthy.
0	Poor for close-up shots
0	Poor for close-up shooter
0	jamming, toner smears
0	jamming, toner calumniate
1	Great picture quality! Double sided printing
1	capital picture quality! Double sided printing
0	Slow and hungry, no USB cable included
0	deadening and hungry, no USB cable included
1	Small, Light, Stylish, backlight
1	Small, ignitor, Stylish, backlight
0	none- price depending on what you paid
0	none- price reckon on what you paid
1	Rides smoothly over dirt, grass, small rocks, etc.
1	Rides smoothly over dirt, snitch, small rocks, etc.
1	Good Value, Expandable, Fast
1	Good Value, Expandable, degraded
0	none!
0	none!
1	User interface, image quality
1	User interface, visualize quality
0	Limited print functions and settings, expensive ink
0	throttle print functions and settings, expensive ink
1	storage onto a mini CDRW that is cheap and re-usable time and time again
1	warehousing onto a mini CDRW that is chintzy and re-usable time and time again
1	Excellent photo quality with a lot of features!
1	Excellent photo timber with a lot of features!
1	excellent picture quality, great price
1	excellent picture quality, large price
0	External caller id window gets scratched, the phone is a bit thicker than StarTac
0	External caller id window get scratched, the phone is a mo thicker than StarTac
1	easy to use, awesome pictures, reasonably priced
1	easy to use, awesome pictures, fairly priced
1	Sleek, stylish look, good software, easy to use.
1	Sleek, stylish look, good software, well-situated to use.
0	camera color fades
0	camera colourise fades
0	paper feed in drawer would be great, network communication not perfect
0	paper feed in drawer would be enceinte, network communication not pure
0	Expensive. Only a 3x optical zoom. &lt;i&gt;Some&lt;/i&gt; shutter lag.
0	Expensive. entirely a 3x ocular zoom. &lt;i&gt;Some&lt;/i&gt; shutter interim.
0	No lens cover, no case included
0	No lens cover, no instance included
0	Color Correction is a little confusing.
0	colouration Correction is a little confusing.
0	TAKES BAD PICTURES
0	TAKES badly PICTURES
0	vibrating ringer is somewhat "weak"
0	thrill ringer is somewhat "weak"
0	NONE
0	none
1	Economically priced.
1	Economically price.
1	Software, usb connectivity, price, easy to use
1	Software, usb connectivity, price, gentle to use
0	none so far
0	none so Interahamwe
1	Nice, white case.  Compact size.
1	Nice, white case.  concordat size.
1	The speakerphone and voice dialing features are great for people always on the go.
1	The speakerphone and voice dialing features are heavy for people always on the fit.
0	Lots of them.
0	hatful of them.
1	inexpensive and excellant photo quality
1	cheap and excellant photo quality
0	average text output (won't be confused with laser)
0	average text output (won't be blur with laser)
1	Great shots right out of the box
1	groovy shots right out of the box
0	Few manual adjustments; dorky look and feel; bad ergonomics, especially for lefties
0	Few manual adjustments; dorky look and spirit; defective ergonomics, especially for lefties
0	None that I have found.
0	None that I have feel.
0	No optical viewfinder, no video-out port, red-eye problems , , 
0	No optical viewfinder, no video-out embrasure, red-eye problems , , 
1	clear pictures, lots of memory space (40MB each clik! disk)
1	unclutter painting, lots of memory space (40MB each clik! disk)
1	Light and compact, 4 Megapixels, great picture quality, good software
1	lightly and compact, 4 Megapixels, smashing picture quality, good software
1	water repellent canopy
1	water distasteful canopy
1	Most advanced model in standard, a voice set, cable and earphone in a package
1	Most advanced model in standard, a voice fit, cable and earphone in a box
1	none
1	none
1	Small, cool swivel lens, quality pictures, easy to use
1	Small, cool swivel lens, quality pictures, well-heeled to use
0	Lots, read the review!
0	oodles, read the review!
1	Great price, easy to use
1	outstanding price, easy to use
0	everything about it!
0	everything about it!
0	envy factor
0	envy constituent
0	Keypad sucks, there are no "smartKeys", too much has to be done thru menus.
0	Keypad sucking, there are no "smartKeys", too much has to be practice thru menus.
0	Everything else!!!
0	Everything else!!!
0	No color display, games are a little boring
0	No color display, gage are a little boring
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, bounteous screen
0	No wireless web/WAP
0	nobelium wireless web/WAP
0	n/a
0	northward/a
1	Durable, trustworthy and resolution is acceptable
1	Durable, trustworthy and firmness is acceptable
1	Inexpensive with tremendous versatility and HP quality
1	Inexpensive with howling versatility and HP quality
1	Camera, camera, camera.  Variety of features, sensible menus, solid feel, did I mention the camera?
1	Camera, camera, camera.  diverseness of features, sensible fare, solid feel, did one mention the camera?
1	Gobs o' features, including speakerphone and voice dialing.  Super cool looks, great quality, easy navigation.
1	Jack o' features, including speakerphone and voice dialing.  Super cool face, large quality, easy navigation.
1	Great look, good features, awesome memory transferring, cool voice dial feature
1	bully look, good features, awesome memory transferring, cool vocalization dial feature
0	Feature-to-price ratio of a new 7210, mediocre screen, not enough memory
0	Feature-to-price ratio of a new 7210, fair riddle, not enough memory
1	1.3 megapixel resolution
1	1.3 megapixel solution
0	Very Slow; Expensive ink; Jams, but rarely.
0	Very Slow; Expensive ink; impede, but rarely.
1	Used to be a fine scanner
1	put-upon to be a fine scanner
0	jams with multiple envelopes
0	obturate with multiple envelopes
1	solid,build quality,ease to use,great picture quality
1	solid,build quality,ease to use,great pic quality
0	Weak Antenne
0	rickety Antenne
1	Very inexpensive printer and ink 
1	identical inexpensive printer and ink 
0	The usual budget-printer stuff
0	The usual budget-printer shove
1	Don't know
1	Don't cognise
1	Print quality, bundled software, Xerox quality, ease of use, versatility
1	Print quality, bundled software, Xerox timber, rest of use, versatility
1	Loud speaker phone, quick to charge, light weight
1	Loud speaker phone, spry to charge, light weight
0	Heard of a 15 minute man ... no you heard of a 15 minute camera.
0	learn of a 15 hour man ... no you heard of a 15 minute camera.
1	A great small good quality camera.
1	A great small right quality camera.
1	price, standard cf card, AA, compact, quick, and lots more
1	price, criterion cf card, AA, compact, quick, and mickle more
1	Initial cost is great
1	Initial cost is nifty
0	none
0	none
1	Great LCD screen, rugged, customizable
1	heavy LCD screen, rugged, customizable
0	Lots of headache, no LCD screen, packaged software has bugs
0	distribute of concern, no LCD screen, packaged software has bugs
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
0	Finicky dialing (vocalise/redial/bluetooth) that could principal to very embarassing moments, no institutionalize to VM.
0	paper feeder poorly designed, no USB connection
0	paper feeder sickly designed, no USB connection
0	A bit tough to hold on to
0	A bit rowdy to hold on to
0	No zoom features and LCD screen is hard to see in bright light.
0	No zoom features and LCD concealment is hard to see in shining light.
1	Excellent quality pictures,NiMh battery operation,USB interface. This is a must camera for vacations as you can take hundreds of pictures on a 64M CF card.Couldn't imagine doing this on a Sony which uses floppy disks. 
1	Excellent select pictures,NiMh battery procedure,USB interface. This is a must camera for vacations as you can takings C of render on a 64M CF card.Couldn't reckon doing this on a Sony which use floppy disks. 
0	no usb included
0	no usb include
0	None&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	None&amp;#13;&amp;#tenner;
0	a little slow, difficult to use in low light.
0	a little slow, difficult to use in low Light.
0	Plastic is &quot;squeaky&quot;
0	fictile is &quot;squeaky&quot;
0	Low resolution, slow, no lens cover, poor image quality, crappy software.
0	crushed resolution, slow, no lens cover, poor image choice, crappy software.
0	Shot delay, no case. 
0	Shot delay, no lawsuit. 
1	Handy All-In-One Digital Camera
1	handy All-In-One Digital Camera
0	Picture quality is terrible, not suitable for most uses.
0	photograph quality is terrible, not suitable for most uses.
0	Some software glitches and screen problems.
0	Some software glitches and screen problem.
0	issues with customer service
0	event with customer service
0	Battery Life, antenna sticks up
0	Battery Life, antenna mystify up
1	Very stylish.  Attractive color screen and lots of features.  Very useful speaker function.
1	Very stylish.  Attractive color screen and set of features.  Very useful speaker part.
1	colour screen, poly and mono tones, java application or games, IrDa, MMS...
1	discolour filmdom, poly and mono tones, java application or games, IrDa, MMS...
0	No battery lives forever. Memory stick capable, but this is ordered separately, the camera itself is a little bulky
0	No battery know forever. store stick capable, but this is regulate separately, the camera itself is a little bulky
0	Prints too slow, uses too much ink
0	Prints too slow, manipulation too much ink
0	takes a few seconds longer than some other digital cameras to review pictures using the +/- buttons
0	hire a few seconds longer than some other digital cameras to reassessment pictures utilize the +/- buttons
0	Total zoom gets blurry
0	Total zoom draw blurry
1	Too many to list!
1	Too many to lean!
0	ink availability, slow on images
0	ink availability, easy on images
1	Remarkably inexpensive and incredibly fast.
1	Remarkably inexpensive and incredibly loyal.
1	The draft quality mode is pretty fast, but the ink bleeds everywhere...
1	The draft quality mode is pretty degraded, but the ink run everywhere...
1	Excellent picture quality, ease of use, video capability
1	Excellent characterization quality, ease of use, video capability
0	May be too small for some people
0	May be too diminished for some people
1	Great Print Quality, Easy Setup, great price
1	heavy Print Quality, Easy Setup, great price
1	Easy to use, looks nice, small & light, just a great phone.
1	Easy to use, looks nice, small & dismount, just a outstanding phone.
1	Storage on Floppy Diskette
1	Storage on diskette Diskette
0	Can't set progressive volume rings, no picture caller ID, no voice activated dialing.
0	Can't set reformist volume rings, no picture caller Idaho, no voice activated dialing.
0	manipulating copier controls (enlarging/reducing) from front panel is cumbersome. 
0	manipulating copier contain (enlarging/reducing) from face panel is cumbersome. 
1	For its price it prints okay
1	For its Price it prints okay
0	Small (16MB) memory card, batteries are not rechargeable.  Bigger than some others I have tried.
0	modest (16MB) memory scorecard, batteries are not rechargeable.  liberal than some others I have tried.
1	Easy to use; sharp picture quality; very good optics
1	Easy to use; astute picture quality; very good optics
1	comfortable to use, many well-developed features
1	comfortable to use, many well-developed have
0	cartridge price, size of printer
0	cartridge price, size of pressman
1	Battery life, trendy design, easy to use, excellent after sales
1	Battery life, trendy figure, easy to utilize, excellent after sales
1	10x Optical Zoom, Image Stabilization, Great Controls
1	10x Optical Zoom, visualize Stabilization, Great Controls
1	Its phone-radio capability is everything you wish you had 3 years ago.
1	Its phone-radio capability is everything you wish you had ternary twelvemonth ago.
0	None I can think of...
0	None I can cerebrate of...
0	Hard to hear out of.
0	knockout to hear out of.
1	No external antenna, good key size, lots of useful features
1	No external antenna, salutary key size, lots of utile features
1	Sturdy, easy to steer &amp; clean, trendy, light
1	Sturdy, easy to steer &amp; clean, trendy, wakeful
1	cheap, good print quality on special papers
1	cheap, adept print quality on special papers
0	No OBEX/Bluetooth File Transfer support
0	No OBEX/Bluetooth File Transfer documentation
1	I have to install these printers.  They are easy to install.
1	I have to install these printer.  They are sluttish to install.
1	Great for picture printing! Individual ink cartridges!
1	Great for fancy printing! Individual ink cartridges!
0	It broke the first time I tried it
0	It broke the first time I tested it
1	good looking???
1	good search???
1	good image quality, uses near indestructible smartmedia
1	expert image quality, uses near indestructible smartmedia
1	great size
1	peachy size
1	Capability to assign different ring tones to numbers.
1	Capability to assign different ring smell to numbers.
1	small size, coolness factor, big LCD screen
1	small size, coolness factor, grownup LCD screen
1	Great size, All-in-1, Great reception, Speaker phone, Wireless Internet
1	keen size, All-in-1, Great reception, Speaker phone, Wireless Internet
0	Small buttons, big thumbs.
0	diminished buttons, big thumbs.
0	shutter delay, slow flash charge, low battery life
0	shutter postponement, slow flash charge, low battery life
1	Size/weight, several display options
1	Size/slant, several display options
0	none...except that it's expensive, but it's worth the money
0	none...exclude that it's expensive, but it's Worth the money
0	Pictures could be clearer.
0	depict could be clearer.
1	Professional features; great quality: lightweight and handy.
1	Professional features; great calibre: lightweight and handy.
0	Doesn't stay shut when folded - tends to pop open spontaneously.
0	Doesn't stay shut when fold - tends to pop receptive spontaneously.
0	none
0	none
1	The phone itself is cool.  good ringtones, small, sleek.
1	The phone itself is cool.  good ringtones, humble, sleek.
1	Easy to use, Images saved on a floppy disc
1	soft to use, Images saved on a floppy disc
0	Bad selection of ring tones and melodies. Drops calls because of signal fade constantly!
0	Bad selection of halo tones and melodies. Drops vociferation because of signal fade constantly!
0	No optical zoom; poor LCD; battery &amp;quot;hog&amp;quot;; barely 1 Megapixel; flash is insufficient indoors
0	No opthalmic zoom; poor LCD; battery &amp;quot;hog&amp;quot;; hardly 1 Megapixel; wink is insufficient indoors
0	Not all that I can see.
0	Not all that I can attend.
0	not fancy, dark pictures in overcast weather
0	not fancy, dark delineation in overcast weather
0	AC adapter sold separately
0	AC transcriber sold separately
0	None that I see
0	None that ace see
1	The software package has some good editing capabilities.
1	The software package has some ripe editing capabilities.
0	Paper feeds wrong sometimes
0	Paper feeds damage sometimes
1	Good image quality. Large number of creative controls. Swiveling LCD monitor.
1	Good image quality. Large count of creative check. Swiveling LCD monitor.
1	Nice keypad. Great size.
1	courteous keypad. Great size.
1	Good price to performance ratio, easy to use. Good image quality. 
1	Good price to performance ratio, easy to employment. estimable image quality. 
1	Amazing Printing Quality and Design
1	gravel Printing Quality and Design
1	Simple to use, print is very clear in black and color. 
1	round-eyed to use, print is very clear in Negroid and color. 
1	THIN, sturdy, holds lots of numbers, long battery.
1	slender, sturdy, holds lots of numbers, long battery.
0	Flash not powerfull for background,tiny control joystick,no zoom(digital really doesnt count, no case/lenscover
0	Flash not powerfull for background,tiny control joystick,no zoom(digital actually doesnt numerate, no character/lenscover
0	for $35?  none
0	for $thirty-five?  none
1	Low Price, Very easy to setup, Excellent print quality
1	Low Price, Very sluttish to setup, Excellent print quality
1	double sided printing, speed
1	doubled sided printing, speed
1	Size, weight, features, ease of use, useful buttons around the top of the phone
1	Size, weight, features, ease of use, useful buttons around the summit of the ring
1	superior low light shooting, flexible LCD screen, Hotshoe on camera, faster focus, ease of use, battery life and all necessary items included in purchase price
1	superior humiliated light germinate, flexible LCD screen, Hotshoe on camera, dissolute centering, ease of utilise, battery life and all necessary items included in purchase price
0	Breaks
0	burst
0	Cost of cartridges
0	Cost of cartridge
1	Small, great sound quality, long battery life
1	Small, smashing sound quality, long battery life
1	Value, preset modes, probable battery life, 10x optical zoom, printed results
1	Value, preset modes, probable bombardment life, 10x optical zoom, printed upshot
1	Unbeatable value
1	Unbeatable measure
1	tri-band, good speaker phone, great battery life, nice keys, pleasing sound, bright color screen
1	tri-band, good speaker phone, great battery life, nice Key, pleasing sound, smart color screen
0	none
0	none
1	DURABILITY, size
1	durability, size
1	Good storage medium like all Mavicas, good compatibility.
1	dependable storage medium like all Mavicas, good compatibility.
1	It was free.  Even street price is cheap
1	It was loose.  Even street price is cheap
1	crisp color, confident autofocus, one hand operation, manual controls, sturdy
1	terse color, confident autofocus, one hand operation, manual insure, sturdy
0	Heavy.
0	laborious.
0	none
0	none
0	No basket, but no umbrellas do.  The mesh bag is sufficient/standard for umbrella strollers.
0	No basket, but no umbrellas do.  The ensnarl purse is sufficient/standard for umbrella go-cart.
1	Great Photo Printing. Borderless letter size printing!
1	dandy Photo Printing. Borderless letter size printing!
1	Good, all you need
1	skilful, all you need
0	Unacceptable black text.
0	Unacceptable blacken text.
0	occasional ink smears
0	occasional ink defame
0	Bad battery, bad connections, small buttons
0	Bad battery, bad association, small buttons
0	Costly print cartridges
0	Costly mark cartridges
0	None
0	none
1	Looks nice, small enough to fit in a slim handbag, great graphics.
1	expression nice, small enough to fit in a slender handbag, great graphics.
0	Doesn't ring when people call me.  Battery dies horribly indoors.  Makes baby Jesus cry.
0	Doesn't ring when people promise me.  Battery dies horribly indoors.  Makes mollycoddle Jesus cry.
1	Ease of use, small size, video files WITH sound
1	Ease of use, small size, video files WITH good
0	slow-compared to 35mm, feature learning curve
0	slow-compared to 35mm, boast learning curve
0	Not capable of making legal sized copies.
0	Not capable of realize legal sized copies.
0	Would have liked a metal lens cap...
0	Would have liked a metal lens hood...
0	video has no audio, slow, no auto lens cover, loud, better choices available
0	video has no audio, slow, no auto lens hatch, loud, well choices available
0	Only 2MBs but that works for me might not for you.
0	sole 2MBs but that workplace for me might not for you.
0	design of phone, gets lots or scratches quickly!
0	design of phone, start lots or scratches quickly!
1	No film
1	No picture
1	Nikon Quality, Feature Rich, Manual Control
1	Nikon Quality, Feature Rich, Manual assure
1	Lightweight, personalizable
1	lightweight, personalizable
0	Shoots finished copies at you. Top load.
0	spud finished copies at you. Top load.
0	No sound recording, no movie recording beyond 30 seconds
0	No sound commemorate, no movie recording beyond 30 seconds
1	Tough and well designed, it folds up so small
1	problematical and well designed, it folds up so small
1	Lightweight, compact, good features.
1	Lightweight, compact, unspoiled features.
0	Short battery life
0	brusque battery life
0	printable image quality poor
0	printable double quality poor
1	Easy to Use, Excellent Print Quality, Good Drivers
1	wanton to Use, Excellent Print Quality, Good Drivers
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
0	little bulky but easily meet in pocket....other than that nothing else
1	great text and photos, excellent memory reader, fast scanner and fax,superior copies
1	capital text and photos, excellent memory reader, fast scanner and fax,superior re-create
1	Clear, simple, solid, and long battery life
1	earn, simple, solid, and long battery life
1	Able to make Movies, All on Disk (no more film), Great Zoom, and Much More!
1	Able to micturate Movies, All on Disk (no more film), smashing soar, and Much More!
0	None
0	none
1	floppy disk drive, steady shot, excellent picture quality
1	floppy disk drive, steady shot, excellent film quality
1	Good quality print jobs, separate print cartridges for each color, relatively inexpensive
1	unspoilt quality print jobs, separate print cartridges for each colorize, relatively inexpensive
1	great looking documents, easy to use scanner
1	swell looking documents, easy to use scanner
1	direct connect feature, color, many options and programs.
1	direct connect feature, discolour, many options and programs.
0	Small Paper port, lot of movement kinda loud!
0	Small Paper port, circumstances of movement kinda loud!
0	Low sound volume, limited headphone options, useless in the sunshine
0	low vocalise volume, limited headphone options, useless in the sunshine
0	fragile, AFFORDABLE
0	flimsy, AFFORDABLE
1	Convenience and Durability
1	gismo and Durability
0	cumbersome menus, playback screen too bright
0	cumbersome card, playback screen too bright
1	Tons of great features!
1	Tons of great lineament!
0	big
0	full-grown
1	Superb picture quality
1	Superb render quality
1	great size, good hearing capabilities
1	great size, near hearing capabilities
1	Great signal strength and good battery life. Accessories cheap.
1	Great signal strength and good battery life. Accessories bum.
0	It uses a lot of batteries.
0	It employment a lot of batteries.
1	sturdy
1	hardy
1	Cheap, compatible with most computers
1	inexpensive, compatible with most computers
1	Simple to use design, durable, reliable, clear calls, cheap!
1	Simple to use intention, durable, reliable, clear calls, cheap!
1	small, good quality color &amp;amp;b&amp;amp;w prints
1	small, respectable select color &amp;amp;b&amp;amp;w prints
0	The case gets dirty rather easily
0	The showcase gets dirty rather easily
1	um, it prints stuff
1	um, it impress stuff
1	The 270C has everything you need in a cellular phone and more.
1	The 270C has everything you involve in a cellular earpiece and more.
0	A little trouble feeding envelopes
0	amp little trouble feeding envelopes
1	Easy to use, excellent pictures, online services like ofoto.com make this even better
1	Easy to use, excellent movie, online serve like ofoto.com make this even better
0	a little heavy, newer and lighter models out there now
0	a little heavy, newer and sluttish poser out there now
0	Some USB Issues, High Cartridge Cost
0	Some USB Issues, eminent Cartridge Cost
0	Manual controls require too many button presses, shutter lag
0	Manual controls require too many button weightlift, shutter lag
1	I love everything about it except I wish I could download real songs not midis.
1	I dear everything about it except I wish I could download literal strain not midis.
1	Amazing design, Bright Clear Screen, Great Camera, Great Phonebook
1	Amazing design, Bright absolved Screen, Great Camera, Great Phonebook
0	battery life pretty short when using LCD
0	battery life pretty shortstop when using LCD
0	browser performance is sluggish, pricey, no analog fall-back
0	browser performance is inert, pricey, no analog fall-back
0	Flimsy, scratches easily, muffled speaker, Sprint PCS
0	Flimsy, scratches easily, muffle speaker, Sprint PCS
1	Cost, efficient, 2-cartridge system
1	cost, efficient, 2-cartridge system
0	None so far, really !
0	None so far, truly !
1	Laser Printer and Legal Flatbed Copier
1	Laser Printer and Legal flat Copier
1	great quality photos, great software
1	great quality photos, big software
1	Easy to use, Small
1	easygoing to use, Small
0	small, wimpy, hard to reach basket!
0	small, wimpy, toilsome to reach basket!
0	none
0	none
1	Great Quality Photos, Easy To Use
1	expectant Quality Photos, Easy To Use
1	easy storage on simple floppy
1	gentle storage on simple floppy
1	compact,inherits the Nokia family characteristics,nice color,multi-functions
1	concordat,inherits the Nokia family characteristics,nice color,multi-functions
1	Very quiet, easy to setup, sharp characters and images.  
1	Very quiet, easy to setup, sharp role and images.  
0	NOT NT compatible.
0	non NT compatible.
0	price could be lower
0	price could be miserable
0	Horrible red-eye problem.  Can't take any people pictures inside.
0	Horrible red-eye problem.  Can't shoot any people pictures inside.
0	Some red eye
0	Some Bolshevik eye
0	poorly designed function index
0	poorly designed go index
1	It's a cheap way to have digital fun
1	It's a gimcrack way to have digital fun
1	Available features for the price. Ease of use. Incredible close-up shots.
1	Available features for the price. relief of habituate. Incredible close-up shots.
0	Dropped calls, static, battery life is terrible
0	Dropped calls, static, battery biography is terrible
0	some CDMA echo issues. Gimmicky features aren't that great.
0	some CDMA echo matter. Gimmicky features aren't that great.
1	Excellent Print Quality, Quick and Easy to Setup and Use
1	Excellent Print Quality, Quick and slowly to Setup and use
0	Shopping around for the best price
0	Shopping around for the full price
0	cost if for personal use, otherwise none
0	cost if for personal employ, otherwise none
0	haven't found any yet..
0	haven't launch any yet..
1	Convenient and portable, looks great, good feature set
1	Convenient and portable, looks great, adept feature set
0	There is a pause before the second person answers.
0	There is a pause before the second person solution.
0	Minor complaints regarding interface, on/off feature, aperture, sound, viewfinder
0	tike complaints regarding interface, on/off feature, aperture, intelligent, viewfinder
0	??price??
0	??toll??
0	Slow on big graphics
0	Slow on large graphics
0	Difficulty seeing screen in bright light
0	Difficulty seeing test in bright light
1	Superior design and quality, price point comparison.
1	Superior design and quality, price manoeuvre comparison.
0	what saves to disk and what prints are very different, price
0	what saves to saucer and what print are very different, price
1	Great signal quality, Great value, Good battery life, Good durability
1	Great signal quality, neat value, full battery life, Good durability
0	in 6 months to a year, this thing will seem like the 35mm does now, an increased flood of 3.5&amp;quot; floppy disks all over your house!
0	in 6 months to a year, this thing will seem similar the 35mm does now, an increased overflow of terzetto.5&A;quot; floppy disks all over your domiciliate!
0	Chokes on large files &amp; destroys reams of paper (unless you have a print server)
0	scrag on gravid files &amp; destroys reams of composition (unless you have a print server)
1	Wonderful Printer
1	tremendous Printer
0	None, none at all.
0	none, none at all.
0	A bit noisy before printing
0	A bit noisy before print
0	Small paper tray (100 sheets)
0	Small paper tray (hundred sheets)
1	Fast, quiet, sharp
1	immobile, quiet, sharp
0	Bulky, no video camera, texting system
0	Bulky, no video camera, texting organisation
1	Gorgeous!  Sounds great, looks even better.
1	Gorgeous!  Sounds great, looks even adept.
1	easy to use, high quality images
1	easy to use, high quality prototype
0	Doesn't Alway Work Correctly, Bad Ring Tone Selection and Cannot Download New Ones.
0	Doesn't Alway Work Correctly, risky Ring Tone excerpt and Cannot Download New Ones.
0	NO USB port.  TERRIBLE Sprint/Kyocera service to fix major bug.
0	NO USB larboard.  TERRIBLE Sprint/Kyocera service to prepare major bug.
1	Simplicity.  Compact and nice for the pocket.
1	Simplicity.  heavyset and nice for the pocket.
1	Inexpensive
1	inexpensive
0	turns on and off at random, or mine does anyways.
0	ferment on and off at random, or mine does anyway.
1	Rated highly by many reviewers
1	rate highly by many reviewers
0	terrible phone book if you're used to motorola, bad manual, dropped calls
0	terrible ring book if you're used to motorola, bad manual, dribble calls
1	Ease of setup and operation, software
1	simpleness of setup and operation, software
0	grainy LCD preview; poor picture quality; flash broken
0	grainy LCD trailer; poor picture quality; flash broken
0	Functionality / Service / Up-to-date capabilities
0	functionality / Service / Up-to-date capabilities
0	ink runs out quickly
0	ink draw out quickly
0	No manual focus, terrible documentation, on camera menus not user-friendly
0	No manual rivet, horrific documentation, on camera menus not user-friendly
1	Size, ergonomics, included software, picture quality
1	Size, ergonomics, included software, flick quality
0	Unable to control shutter or aperture priority
0	Unable to see shutter or aperture priority
0	low battery life, not very loud
0	low-pitched battery life, not very loud
0	Bit old and not as good as newer phones, but oh well
0	snatch old and not as secure as newer phones, but oh well
0	Not much.
0	Not often.
1	Palm and phone in one, triband phone, Palm features on par with current Palms
1	Palm and telephone in one, triband phone, Palm sport on par with current Palms
0	Hard to see LCD screen, no viewfinder, no flash, can't use it indoors
0	Hard to see LCD screen, no viewfinder, no swank, can't employment it indoors
1	Reliable, full-featured, great bang-for-the-buck.
1	Reliable, full-featured, gravid bang-for-the-buck.
0	a little squarish and heavy
0	a little squarish and intemperate
0	Don't know of any
0	Don't experience of any
1	Great service, Direct Connect, Very Innovative
1	gravid service, Direct Connect, Very Innovative
1	Excellent image quality; awesome 28-200 zoom lens; many professional-level features
1	Excellent fancy quality; awesome 28-200 zoom lens; many professional-level characteristic
1	Easy to carry around
1	Easy to extend around
0	No viewfinder and memory stick.
0	No viewfinder and memory dumbfound.
1	Great print quality and fast
1	Great print quality and riotous
1	good size, looks nice
1	thoroughly size, looks nice
1	Good Quality Prints
1	good Quality Prints
1	Compact design. Simple &amp;#147;Scene Mode&amp;#148; operation.  One button photo upload.
1	Compact aim. elementary &amp;#147;Scene Mode&amp;#148; operation.  One button photo upload.
1	Intuitive, easy to use, excellent value
1	Intuitive, easy to use, excellent appreciate
1	cheap, high quality printing
1	chintzy, high quality printing
1	speakerphone, Nextel rounds to nearest second
1	speakerphone, Nextel polish to nearest second
0	it breaks,
0	it breakage,
1	picture quality, size and appearance
1	see quality, size and appearance
1	Easy to Install, Ink cartridges are reasonable, easy to use, PC &amp; Mac compatible
1	Easy to Install, Ink cartridges are reasonable, easy to apply, PC &amp; macintosh compatible
1	Price, Great pictures, Smart Media slot
1	Price, Great impression, Smart Media slot
0	It's just a little too big and heavy to be perfect.
0	It's just a little too giving and overweight to be perfect.
0	Can't be repaired except at HP
0	Can't be revive except at HP
0	cheap, poor quality, messy
0	cheap, poor timbre, messy
0	Battery gets pretty warm after talking for extended periods.
0	Battery obtain pretty warm after talking for extended periods.
0	Sacrifices speed for flexibilty
0	Sacrifices accelerate for flexibilty
0	640-480 resolution
0	640-480 settlement
1	Good camera
1	unspoilt camera
1	Radio
1	radiocommunication
0	Audible Quality, NiMH Battery, Button Size/Placement
0	Audible Quality, NiMH shelling, Button Size/Placement
1	NONE
1	none
0	Expensive, no keypad cover.
0	Expensive, no keypad back.
1	Small, Sounds Great, Great Battery Life, Easy To "Get To Know"!!!
1	Small, Sounds Great, Great Battery Life, well-situated To "sustain To Know"!!!
1	Superb Color Rendering, Sharp pictures, powerful yet easy to use
1	Superb Color Rendering, abrupt pictures, powerful yet promiscuous to use
0	musical rings not loud enough
0	musical mob not loud enough
1	How about a 6X optical zoom!!!
1	How about a 6X visual zoom!!!
1	Overall design, colorful display and lights, backlit external LCD screen is a must.
1	boilersuit design, colourful display and lights, backlit external LCD screen is a must.
0	cartridge size, time of use
0	cartridge size, meter of use
1	viewfinder is a must. Can use AA batteries 
1	viewfinder is a must. toilet use AA batteries 
0	cartridges
0	pickup
1	Solid construction, large well spaced buttons, great speakerphone, landline quality sound, loud ringer
1	Solid construction, large comfortably spaced release, great speakerphone, landline quality sound, loud ringer
0	tough to catch candid shots due to delay 
0	tough to catch candid shaft due to delay 
0	easy to lose
0	slowly to lose
0	Is quite large, and lacking bluetooth
0	equal quite large, and lacking bluetooth
1	Easy to use
1	promiscuous to use
0	Just a little slow, but that's it!
0	barely a little slow, but that's it!
0	Bad speaker, turns off whenever it wants to, resets itself.
0	spoilt speaker, wrick off whenever it wants to, resets itself.
0	poor image quality, flash that thinks it's &amp;quot;intelligent,&amp;quot; awkward to handle.
0	poor fancy quality, trashy that thinks it's &amp;quot;intelligent,&amp;quot; inapt to handle.
0	Hard to lift in the trunk.
0	Hard to pinch in the trunk.
1	All in one and able to integrate phone needs and palm databases
1	All in unrivalled and able to integrate phone ask and palm databases
1	OK OUTPUT
1	okay OUTPUT
1	great for people with time on their hands.
1	dandy for people with time on their hands.
0	Plastic LCD, flimsy USB/Video cover, battery charger.
0	Plastic LCD, flimsy USB/television cover, battery charger.
1	Easy to use, sleek look
1	Easy to purpose, sleek look
1	quality photo's and easy to take pictures.
1	quality photo's and easy to take ikon.
1	Great value
1	majuscule value
0	Extremely complicated controls and settings; Instruction manual VERY poorly written; Maybe it's an experimental model.
0	Extremely complicated controls and settings; Instruction manual VERY seedy written; maybe it's an experimental sit.
1	high resolution, great for photos
1	high resolution, majuscule for photos
1	Digital, Lots of pictures, Easy to use
1	Digital, dispense of pictures, Easy to use
1	very good print quality, good flatbed scanning, computer-free fast copying, nicely designed
1	very good print timber, skillful flatbed scanning, computer-free fast copying, nicely designed
1	Small, Light weight
1	Small, dismount weight
1	Nice slim design & cool looks, Above average reception, Loads of features
1	squeamish slim design & cool looking, Above average reception, Loads of features
1	A crystal clear display, fool-proof.&#13;&#10;
1	A crystal authorize display, fool-proof.&#13;&#10;
1	Takes great pictures, comfortable to operate, and the functions are clear.
1	assume enceinte pictures, comfortable to operate, and the functions are clear.
0	Voicemail can be tricky
0	Voicemail can be tricksy
1	easy to use, economical, speedy
1	wanton to use, economical, speedy
1	Speaker-phone, easy to use
1	Speaker-phone, gentle to use
0	It doesnt work
0	It doesnt study
0	Annoying Quick Setup Dialog Box - Doesn't work well with Win XP
0	Annoying straightaway Setup Dialog Box - Doesn't knead well with Win XP
1	Good reception, assignable ringtones, easy to read screen and navigation, good bat life
1	safe reception, assignable ringtones, easy to read screen and navigation, honest bat life
0	Carseat itself is quite heavy for carrying around without the stroller
0	Carseat itself is quite heavy for transmit approximately without the stroller
0	Only uses Smart Media and this Camera model is getting hard to find.
0	Only use Smart Media and this Camera model is getting hard to receive.
1	Powerful storage of short messages, interesting games, smart clock alarm, excellent battery
1	Powerful reposition of curt messages, interesting games, smart clock alarm, excellent battery
1	Strong and durable
1	strong and durable
0	Could be a little easier to use, lens cap keeps falling off!!
0	Could be a little easier to expend, lens hood keeps falling off!!
1	easy to fold, rubber wheels, side-by-side seats, full recline
1	easy to fold, rubber wheels, side-by-side hindquarters, full recline
1	very easy to use, great quality for the price
1	very easy to use, swell quality for the price
1	Great pictures, nice movie mode, small, easy to use, 
1	gravid pictures, nice movie mode, small, easy to use, 
0	Not as clear of a picture as a more expensive camera would take. 
0	Not as illuminate of a picture as a more expensive camera would issue. 
1	Just about everything.
1	barely about everything.
1	ergonomic design, easy for amateurs, tons of features
1	ergonomic design, loose for amateurs, tons of features
0	30 Second Delay When Using Duplexer / Ink is a Ripoff
0	30 2nd holdup When Using Duplexer / Ink is a Ripoff
1	Great picture quality.  Nice manual control features.
1	Great picture quality.  Nice manual curb features.
0	Batteries fade quickly; battery cover pops open easily during use
0	Batteries fade rapidly; battery cover pops open easily during manipulation
1	Light, Color display, Polyphonic ringtones, thin, fast, good background lighting, and good for customizing.
1	Light, Color display, Polyphonic ringtones, thin, fast, respectable background illuminate, and good for customizing.
0	Paper curls.
0	Paper whorl.
0	Slow and light-sensitive autofocus, no easy way to add filters
0	sluggish and light-sensitive autofocus, no leisurely way to add filters
1	10X zoom, incredible flexibility, movie mode
1	10X zoom, incredible flexibility, flick mode
0	Known hinge defect.  Short battery life.
0	Known hinge defect.  forgetful battery life.
1	easy to use, great pictures, low light, threaded lens for filters
1	easy to use, peachy pictures, low wakeful, threaded lens for filters
0	The only bad thing that we have found about this camera is that is uses battery life rather quickly.
0	The only unsound thing that we have get about this camera is that is uses battery life preferably quickly.
1	Lightweight, Small, Good Talk Time
1	Lightweight, Small, proficient Talk Time
1	Good battery and nice display
1	near battery and nice display
0	Lacks features FAR less expensive phones have, bulky, iTAP, internet slow, expensive.
0	Lacks features FAR less expensive phone have, bulky, iTAP, net slow, expensive.
1	Affordable
1	low-cost
1	All technical features.
1	All expert features.
1	BIG screen, a plethora of features, great reception, camera
1	freehanded screen, a plethora of features, great reception, camera
1	durable, light weight, small, easy to use
1	durable, illumine weight, small, easy to use
1	Wonderfully easy, durable, not too expensive.
1	marvelously easy, durable, not too expensive.
0	Manual focus is slightly awkward; chromatic aberrations in bright sunlight
0	Manual focus is slimly inept; chromatic aberrations in bright sunlight
1	Brillian color. Extremely fast.
1	Brillian color. exceedingly fast.
1	Great AVI system 
1	bang-up AVI system 
1	Compact, full of features, easy to use, excellent pictures.
1	Compact, full of features, well-fixed to use, excellent pictures.
1	Beautiful output when new; easy to setup
1	Beautiful output when new; easily to setup
0	Slow depending on the computer, and uses ink quickly
0	Slow depending on the computer, and exercise ink quickly
1	So many features, cool design, very lightweight, big color screen
1	So many features, cool design, very lightweight, big discolor sieve
0	Serial connection (buy a USB card reader), soft at infinity
0	Serial connection (buy a USB add-in reader), subdued at infinity
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft resonate
1	Many great features for such a low price
1	Many great features for such a humbled price
0	Noisy and slow zoom, pricey
0	Noisy and decelerate zoom, pricey
1	Excellent Print Quality, Improved Print Drivers, USB and parallel ports
1	Excellent Print Quality, improve Print Drivers, USB and parallel porthole
1	speaker-phone, well-designed
1	speaker-phone, well-designed
0	not colour screen
0	not colour test
1	lightweight, one-handed, all-in-one system
1	lightweight, one-handed, all-in-one scheme
1	Stylish, small, large LCD.
1	Stylish, small, turgid LCD.
0	doesn't do action photography easily, high battery drain
0	doesn't do action photography easily, heights battery drain
0	Reportedly a noisy machine (Per ZD/PC Mag)
0	reportedly a noisy machine (Per ZD/PC Mag)
1	cheap ink, good speed and resolution
1	flashy ink, good speed and resolution
0	No games
0	No back
1	small size, build quality
1	small size, build calibre
0	none yet
0	none withal
1	Built-in battery charging, great analog controls
1	Built-in battery accuse, great analog controls
0	size, color printing not up to photo standards
0	size, coloring printing not up to photo standards
1	Easy to Use, Great Quality, All that you'd expect from an HP
1	sluttish to Use, keen Quality, All that you'd expect from an HP
0	Sometimes funky focusing issue. Learning curve
0	Sometimes funky focusing supply. Learning curve
1	Great-looking; small/compact; light; doesn't heat up.
1	Great-looking; small/bundle; light; doesn't heat up.
1	Ease of use, value
1	simplicity of use, value
1	Good starter digital camera
1	sound starter digital camera
0	price is high
0	price is luxuriously
0	Scanner / Fax / Copier Died in about a year!
0	Scanner / Fax / Copier go in about a year!
0	Feels Cheap, Expensive Ink Cartridges
0	palpate Cheap, Expensive Ink Cartridges
1	Great print quality
1	large print quality
0	Weighty for its size
0	heavy for its size
0	Toner is a bit expensive
0	Toner is a spot expensive
0	You have to turn the sound on separately, when you select movie.
0	You have to turning the heavy on separately, when you select movie.
0	ANTENNA!!!  Somewhat larger than the flip phones, two leather cases both did not work!
0	ANTENNA!!!  Somewhat larger than the flip telephone, two leather cases both did not turn!
1	Good everyday home printing, ease of use, HP name.
1	Good everyday home printing, ease of utilise, HP name.
0	none known yet
0	none recognise yet
0	No USB 2.0, 2X Zoom
0	No USB deuce.0, 2X Zoom
0	Relatively small keypad, backlight is kinda weird,   The fact that I have to give it back (boo hoo hoo)
0	Relatively lowly keypad, backlight is kinda unearthly,   The fact that i have to give it back (boo hoo hoo)
1	Its tiny, the screens amazing, I love it!!!!
1	Its tiny, the screenland amazing, I love it!!!!
0	Requires software, Short battery life
0	Requires software, poor battery life
1	LOADED with many pleasing features AND it's BEAUTIFUL!
1	soaked with many pleasing features AND it's BEAUTIFUL!
0	Software,power,zoom
0	Software,power,whizz
1	Free with purchase of cellular service contract. Slim and compact and attractive.
1	exempt with purchase of cellular help contract. Slim and compact and attractive.
0	Keypad isn't the greatest and the buttons are way too close together
0	Keypad isn't the capital and the buttons are way too finale together
1	Great optics, wonderful images, small, nice design, built well, enough features to be flexible. 
1	Great optics, wonderful images, pocket-sized, nice design, built well, enough sport to be flexible. 
1	It's excellent all the way around......when it's working properly.
1	It's excellent all the way around......when it's exploit right.
0	batteries won't hold a charge
0	batteries won't concur a charge
0	Slightly confusing menus...
0	Slightly blur menus...
1	avi
1	avi
0	terrible battery life, odd shape
0	terrible battery lifetime, odd shape
0	Menu a little sluggish and time-consuming to navigate.  No flashy extras.
0	menu a small sluggish and time-consuming to navigate.  No flashy extras.
1	Sharp appearance, Lab quality color, Fast printing, Individual ink tanks
1	Sharp appearance, Lab quality color, Fast publish, individual ink tanks
1	great picture quality, awesom features!!!!
1	great photograph quality, awesom features!!!!
0	Very small when closed.  The phonebook is a little clumsy.  T9 text entry is painful.
0	Very low when closed.  The phonebook is a slight inapt.  T9 text entry is painful.
0	I can't think of any, I guess it could be cheaper.
0	i can't cogitate of any, I guess it could be cheaper.
1	Cheap, Reliable, Relatively Small
1	Cheap, honest, Relatively Small
0	price, fairly heavy
0	price, jolly heavy
1	Rich features., Easy to use., Video mode with sound!, GREAT quality., Not very heavy.
1	Rich boast., Easy to use., Video mode with sound!, GREAT quality., Not very labored.
0	Because it provides so much, it's not for the casual cell phone user.
0	Because it provides so much, it's not for the perfunctory cell headphone user.
0	No lens cover, fixed focus, no zoom
0	No lens masking, fixed focus, no zoom
1	Sleek shape, light, easy to change color, web capable, clear
1	Sleek shape, faint, easy to shift color, web capable, clear
0	Tex quality
0	Tex prize
1	None, except maybe it's inexpensive.
1	None, except maybe it's cheap.
0	Sucks the juice right out of the batteries
0	lactate the juice right out of the batteries
0	Slow transfers with serial connection
0	Slow transfers with sequential connection
0	nothing
0	cypher
0	Price, icons on LCD screen are small, small 8mb flashcard, bought $200  accessories
0	Price, icons on LCD screen are modest, small 8mb flashcard, bribe $200  accessories
1	resolution and color that rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
1	resolution and discolour that rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
0	Phone has been through repairs, hard to get certain parts, no good speakerphone options
0	Phone has been through repairs, grueling to get sealed parts, no good speakerphone options
1	Excellent picture quality!
1	Excellent word-painting quality!
0	small screen, uncomfortable volume buttons, no camera/bluetooth
0	diminished screen, uncomfortable volume buttons, no camera/bluetooth
0	When you turn on the camera, you need to push back the lens cover--subsequently the lens pops out.  To shut the camera off, you need to shut the lens cover half -way and the lens should automatically retreat.  This does not always happen smoothly. 
0	When you sprain on the camera, you need to drive stake the lens cover--subsequently the lens pops out.  To closed the camera off, you need to shut the lens plow half -way and the lens should automatically crawfish.  This does not constantly bump smoothly. 
0	Max picture size = 640 x 480
0	Max picture size = 640 Adam 480
1	User friendly, great pics up to 14x11's. Great zoom.
1	User friendly, big pics up to 14x11's. Great zoom.
0	price
0	Price
0	lag time
0	lag meter
0	Weak flash
0	Weak trice
0	need to switch cartridges, no paper catch tray, slow, outdated
0	need to switch cartridges, no paper enamour tray, deadening, outdated
1	Many program modes, movie and animation capabilities
1	Many program mood, movie and animation capabilities
1	quick, clear and cost efficient!
1	ready, clear and cost efficient!
0	Not customizable; still has many features.
0	Not customizable; still has many characteristic.
0	a little difficult to fold down
0	a little difficult to flexure down
1	For the occasional use it's price is well worth it.
1	For the occasional utilise it's price is fountainhead worth it.
0	It takes a LONG time to print anything in the best quality mode.
0	It takes a farseeing time to print anything in the best calibre mode.
1	Great Pictures, Uses Floppy Diskettes, MPEG1 Videos
1	capital Pictures, Uses Floppy Diskettes, MPEG1 Videos
1	low cost, good results, dependable
1	low cost, just results, dependable
0	Continuous problems, Not the quality product I had hoped for!!!
0	Continuous trouble, Not the quality intersection I had hoped for!!!
0	A little bulky to get into a small car
0	A little bulky to begin into a small car
1	excellent photo quality
1	excellent photo timber
1	Great video recorder, very nice picture machine, easy menu, nice colours and design.
1	bang-up video recorder, very nice word-painting machine, easy menu, nice colours and design.
1	Small, cool looking, vibrates, easy menu use
1	Small, cool looking, vibrates, well-fixed menu use
1	Picture quality, zoom, large lcd
1	Picture quality, soar, large lcd
0	Speakerphone
0	speakerphone
0	does not have bluetooth
0	does not have bluetooth
1	Inexpensive, Superb Quality.
1	Inexpensive, Superb quality.
1	Cheap and compact, simple
1	trashy and compact, simple
1	Quality output for a low price.
1	Quality output for a blue price.
0	takes some getting-used to
0	hire some getting-used to
1	Easy to Use, Affordable, Great looking pictures
1	Easy to Use, Affordable, Great count pictures
0	test
0	try
0	Unecessary programs added at installation, a bit noisy.
0	Unecessary programs summate at installation, a bit noisy.
1	- 2.1 megapixel resolution  - Wide array of features and options that are relatively easy to use
1	- 2.1 megapixel resolution  - broad array of features and choice that are relatively slow to use
0	Just about everything else... Read and discover...
0	Just about everything else... Read and find...
1	Easy to use. Great, intuitive menus.  Rugged, hardy design.
1	Easy to use. capital, intuitive menus.  Rugged, hardy design.
1	Very nice, small, affordable, and great quality.
1	Very nice, small, affordable, and expectant quality.
1	Nice, easy to use
1	Nice, leisurely to use
1	Size, features, pixels
1	size, features, pixels
1	Build in lens cover, affordable price, 
1	Build in lens covering, affordable price, 
0	Pop up flash; price.
0	start up flash; price.
0	Only a 2X optical zoom
0	Only a 2X optical surge
1	Touch screen,  web browsing,  caller id, program options.
1	Touch screen,  web browsing,  caller id, curriculum options.
0	Some animations and sounds can't be changed, having to download only with Telus online.
0	Some vivification and sounds can't be deepen, having to download only with Telus online.
1	Very small, sturdy construction, 2 megapixels, easy to use
1	Very small, sturdy construction, 2 megapixels, well-off to use
1	Lots of accessories, plenty of features, easy to use
1	Lots of accessories, plenty of have, easy to use
1	None
1	none
1	Sleek, compact, performs well
1	silky, compact, performs well
1	Easy of use, Photo Quality, Fun
1	Easy of use, Photo choice, Fun
0	Phone is bulky, and Cover will break,
0	Phone is bulky, and overlay will break,
1	overall beauty
1	overall mantrap
1	Small size, easy to use, sturdy, USB
1	Small size, easy to habit, sturdy, USB
0	Only 2X zoom, a little sluggish
0	Only 2X zoom, a little dull
0	None
0	none
1	style, size, Motorola reputation, price
1	style, sizing, Motorola reputation, price
0	On the lower end of resolution
0	On the lower end of resolve
0	Expensive at first but this IS a business printer after all.
0	Expensive at initiative but this IS a byplay printer after all.
1	Sturdy, dependable, and compact.  Easy to use and maintain.
1	Sturdy, dependable, and compact.  Easy to utilization and maintain.
0	No diopter correction on the optical viewfinder.
0	No diopter correction on the visual viewfinder.
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice test, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Inexpensive, easy to use.
1	Inexpensive, gentle to use.
0	Doesn't focus very well! Can't get help from Fuji. Battery is a step backwards.
0	Doesn't sharpen very well! Can't perplex help from Fuji. Battery is a step backwards.
1	Great printer, as long as you don't need to print anything.
1	large printer, as long as you don't postulate to print anything.
0	Hard to configure; high learning curve.
0	Hard to configure; high learning veer.
0	Side buttons, no 1.2MP camera, poor space for ringers/applications, no PC data synch.
0	Side buttons, no single.2MP camera, short space for ringers/application, no PC data synch.
0	customer service
0	customer overhaul
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	Weak vibrate, flash, recollective antenna stub, Transflash format
1	Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
1	near reception and Call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
0	Cable included was broken, doesn't print as fast as they boast on box, kind of loud printing 
0	Cable included was smash, doesn't print as fast as they boast on boxful, genial of loud printing 
0	Still too noisy, &lt;i&gt;These cartridges cost how much!!??&lt;/i&gt;
0	soundless too noisy, &lt;i&gt;These cartridges toll how much!!??&lt;/i&gt;
1	Quality laser text and graphics... WHEN IT PRINTS
1	character laser text and graphics... WHEN IT PRINTS
1	inexpensive, easy to use, durable, great tech support
1	inexpensive, easy to use, durable, great tech backup
1	Great quality for the price
1	Great lineament for the price
0	None yet
0	None heretofore
0	Sound quality is below average, drops calls frequently, not many aftermarket addons
0	Sound calibre is below average, bead calls frequently, not many aftermarket addons
1	Still works fine.
1	Still forge fine.
0	Pricey, Frequent Red-eye, Serial image transfer is slow, Awkward Software, Camera always zooms in by default
0	Pricey, Frequent Red-eye, serial image transpose is boring, Awkward Software, Camera always zooms in by default
1	2 For 1
1	deuce For 1
0	CAN'T PRINT IN TRUE PHOTO QUALITY!
0	CAN'T PRINT Indiana TRUE PHOTO QUALITY!
1	Many options to suite your needs
1	Many options to rooms your needs
1	inexpensive, great printing
1	inexpensive, enceinte printing
0	speed,speed,speed
0	speed,zip,speed
0	Made for a small child (in my opinion), bends easily
0	clear for a small child (in my judgement), bends easily
0	The icons on the camera are hard to read.
0	The picture on the camera are hard to read.
0	does not handle low light and distance very well
0	does not palm low light and distance very well
1	Astounding Photo-quality prints, fast, quiet, sleek, economic (ink), versatile
1	Astounding Photo-quality prints, profligate, quiet, sleek, economic (ink), versatile
0	It is a bit larger than some phones
0	It is a spot larger than some phones
1	Excellent black/white and color printing, Stellar performance/price ratio
1	Excellent black/white and discolor printing, Stellar execution/price ratio
0	Memory too small, slow charge between shots.
0	Memory too small, slow mission between shots.
1	low cost, software bundle, nice speed and quality
1	low cost, software pile, nice speed and quality
0	No vibrate-to-ring option, not for left-hand users, volume/voice dial buttons in the way
0	No vibrate-to-ring option, not for left-hand users, volume/representative dial buttons in the room
0	Long time to take picture
0	Long time to ingest picture
0	Batter life only so-so. No USB connection
0	slugger life only so-so. No USB connection
1	Durable, easy to use, some good features
1	Durable, easy to use, some ripe features
1	Versatility
1	versatility
0	Screen &quot;dimming&quot;, time and date memory, battery connection
0	covert &quot;dimming&quot;, clock and date memory, battery connection
1	good price, easy to use
1	good price, comfortable to use
0	keep plenty of batteries around
0	keep plentitude of batteries around
1	durable, easy to use
1	durable, easy to employ
0	non
0	not
1	decent quality, good print, sort-of fast
1	decent quality, secure print, sort-of fast
1	Size.
1	sizing.
0	spendy, but worth it
0	spendy, but Worth it
0	Poor close-ups, worthless as a webcam, hard to line up a good framed shot
0	Poor close-ups, worthless as a webcam, hard to melody up a good framed pullulate
1	Compact, durable, inexpensive, easy to change faceplates and downloadable ring tones.
1	Compact, durable, inexpensive, gentle to change faceplates and downloadable border tones.
1	Lightweight and compact, excellent battery life
1	Lightweight and compact, excellent barrage life
1	Great technical specifications.
1	majuscule technical specifications.
1	Prints on large paper, good quality color, fast, reliable
1	Prints on large paper, upright quality color, fast, reliable
0	Large footprint - 18" by 18" at minimum extension.
0	vauntingly footprint - 18" by 18" at minimum extension.
1	Floppy disk storage, Versatile, Reliable
1	Floppy disk storage, Versatile, true
0	Printing is Slow and and operation is a Bit Loud
0	Printing is tedious and and operation is a Bit tacky
1	Quick, great resolution
1	Quick, keen resolution
1	ring tones, many menu options, voice dial, loud ringing
1	ring flavor, many menu options, voice dial, loud ringing
1	Fast, high quality, low price, ethernet capable
1	Fast, high quality, low-pitched price, ethernet capable
1	SUPERFUN...FEELS GOOD in the HAND...REALLY FAST CLICKER!  People WILL ENJOY your CREATIVE PICTURES!
1	SUPERFUN...FEELS GOOD in the handwriting...REALLY profligate CLICKER!  People WILL ENJOY your CREATIVE visualize!
1	Microdrive, picture quality, ease of use
1	Microdrive, show quality, ease of use
0	Limited calendar function, limited alarm, battery life fades with use, calculator awkward, TERRIBLE RECEPTION!!!
0	Limited calendar routine, limited alarm, battery life fades with use, calculator sticky, TERRIBLE RECEPTION!!!
1	I think this is a best buy at about $200.
1	I opine this is a best corrupt at about $200.
1	Amazing signal strength, Nice LCD and easy BT pairing.
1	awful signal strength, Nice LCD and easy BT pairing.
0	takes long to focus, and Sony makes the accesories expensive
0	admit long to center, and Sony makes the accesories expensive
0	weird sounds when printing
0	uncanny sounds when printing
1	Lightweight, durable, attractive.  Easy to use.
1	whippersnapper, durable, attractive.  Easy to use.
0	Price
0	cost
1	Fast, great color, super software interface!
1	degenerate, great color, super software interface!
0	4 mb card too small.
0	4 mb card too minor.
0	the reception in buildings
0	the reception in build
0	Multiple technical  problems, unreliable
0	Multiple technical  problems, treacherous
0	Low Resolution, No Removable Memory, Software Problems (for me)
0	Low Resolution, No Removable remembering, Software Problems (for me)
0	Get more Zoom
0	acquire more Zoom
1	Small & durable, 256-color LCD, long-lasting battery, great features, bluetooth enabled
1	Small & long-lasting, 256-color LCD, long-lasting battery, great sport, bluetooth enabled
1	Flip phone, fits easily in a pocket, easy to use, durable.
1	tack phone, fits easily in a pocket, easy to utilisation, durable.
1	Easy to use, clear sound, dependale, high quality
1	Easy to use, absolved sound, dependale, high quality
1	Prints excellent quality photos and copies.
1	Prints excellent prize photos and copies.
0	voice activation is very sensitive you must speak EXACTLY the same as you recorded.
0	phonation activation is very sensitive you must speak exactly the same as you recorded.
1	Can use with newborn, can shield child from the sun well, appropriate for rough terrain
1	commode role with newborn, can shield child from the sun intimately, appropriate for rough terrain
1	Compact, easy to navigate menu, 
1	Compact, leisurely to navigate menu, 
0	Not good for photos (including B&amp;W)
0	Not near for photos (including B&amp;W)
0	non
0	not
1	good value, USB reader, good quality shots, small
1	good value, USB reader, unspoiled quality shots, small
1	Excellent black and white printouts. NO smudge. Sharp graphics. Long lasting toner.
1	Excellent black-market and white printouts. NO smudge. Sharp graphics. Long live toner.
1	Wonderfully detailed pictures
1	marvellously detailed pictures
1	Good phone with modern features but not a lot of the headaches.
1	skilful phone with modern features but not a circumstances of the headaches.
1	NO FILM REQUIRED. Small enough to fit into a shirt pocket or on belt., 
1	NO FILM demand. Small enough to accommodate into a shirt pocket or on belt., 
0	Short Life Battery, Slightly Heavy, 
0	Short Life barrage, Slightly Heavy, 
0	Poor optical viewfinder, price, Step rather than smooth zoom.
0	wretched optical viewfinder, price, Step rather than smooth zoom.
1	Small, prints clear, beautiful colors.
1	Small, prints vindicated, beautiful colors.
1	Wickedly long standby time
1	Wickedly foresighted standby time
1	Durable, Good Quality, Inexpensive
1	Durable, honest Quality, Inexpensive
0	Higher price, come with too small memorystick
0	Higher price, occur with too small memorystick
0	None
0	none
1	Great picture, great options
1	Great characterization, great options
1	Easy to use, has zoom lens, hold a lot of pictures.
1	light to exercise, has zoom lens, hold a lot of pictures.
0	Software could have more features.  No AC Power Cord.
0	software could have more features.  No AC Power Cord.
1	convenient, sturdy, durable
1	commodious, sturdy, durable
1	Prints PostScript, Large Format Capacity
1	Prints PostScript, Large Format capacity
0	may be too small or light for those who lose things easily
0	may be too humble or short for those who lose things easily
0	Can't get past level 14 in "push push" game, and can't download ANYTHING!
0	Can't get past dismantle 14 in "drive push" game, and can't download ANYTHING!
1	Great Price, Nice Size, Plenty of Features, Clear, Quality Sound
1	neat Price, Nice Size, Plenty of Features, Clear, Quality good
0	not able to configure as advertised
0	not able to configure as promote
0	must use Nikon View
0	must use Nikon reckon
0	good picture quality
0	dear picture quality
1	Sprint Service, plays music
1	Sprint Service, looseness music
0	A tad bit slow
0	A tad bit easy
1	Cost, compact
1	Cost, contract
0	costly replacement cartrigde 
0	costly refilling cartrigde 
0	Slower than advertised
0	slow than advertised
1	great pictures (for 1.3 mp), easy to use, durable
1	keen pictures (for 1.3 mp), slowly to use, durable
0	When using monitor battery lasts very short
0	When using supervise battery lasts very short
0	The screen is not as visible as I'd like in sunlightShort battery life
0	The concealment is not as visible as I'd ilk in sunlightShort battery life
0	Battery wear, very SLOW uploading to PC
0	Battery wear, very tiresome uploading to PC
0	battery life, costly product
0	battery living, costly product
0	poor reception, problems losing ring/vibrate functionality
0	poor reception, problems suffer ring/vibrate functionality
1	Slim, HUGE Screen,self timers portrait, thin buttons, neon looking button, extremely stylish,
1	Slim, HUGE Screen,self timers portrait, slim buttons, neon see button, extremely stylish,
1	Well balanced shooter; convenience, easy to use   
1	Well balanced shooter; appliance, easy to use   
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
0	My carrier disabled the full lineament band (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is lose in the calendar.
0	standard battery could be better.
0	standard battery could be punter.
0	Compared to some phones available, larger than one would want
0	Compared to some phones available, turgid than one would deficiency
1	quality images, microdrive, software, super fine JPEG
1	quality figure, microdrive, software, super fine JPEG
0	Expensive cartridges; electrical limitations
0	Expensive magazine; electrical limitations
1	Affordable, Excellent Quality Output, Does not jam
1	Affordable, Excellent Quality Output, Does not jamming
0	Not as cool as other cell phones on the market.
0	Not as cool as other cellphone phones on the commercialize.
0	Ink hog, memory hog, a little noisy
0	ink hog, memory hog, a little noisy
1	2 mega pixel quality, good zoom lens, ease of use.
1	2 mega pixel quality, unspoiled zoom lens, ease of employ.
1	easy to use, no hassle with loading film,can view pictures on your tv
1	comfortable to use, no hassle with loading film,can view delineation on your tv
0	Warranty Replacements dont work  Drops calls often,LOTS OF STATIC
0	Warranty Replacements dont lick  Drops calls often,fate OF STATIC
1	Compact, cost-effective, EXCELLENT quality and resolution
1	Compact, cost-effective, EXCELLENT quality and closure
0	must read manual, battery
0	must read manual, bombardment
0	Bad battery life, plug location
0	badness battery life, plug location
0	Doesn't ring loud enough
0	Doesn't ring trashy enough
0	terrible reception , unusable in many places where other phones work
0	fearful reception , unusable in many piazza where other phones work
1	Great features for price
1	Great features for Price
0	Poor paper handling, jamming
0	Poor paper handling, wad
0	Haven't noticed any 
0	Haven't acknowledge any 
0	Doesn't always get great reception
0	Doesn't always bring great reception
0	cannot control f-stop or shutter speed
0	cannot ascendance f-stop or shutter speed
1	Price, ease of use
1	Price, simplicity of use
0	CRAP CRAP CRAP
0	poop CRAP CRAP
1	Great Color
1	Great colourise
0	LCD screen gets smudgy when you use the view finder, its a battery guzzler.
0	LCD riddle gets smudgy when you use the view finder, its a barrage guzzler.
0	Must have large car to fit this stroller. 
0	Must have orotund car to fit this stroller. 
0	Apparently conflicts with Palm Desktop on Mac OS X
0	apparently conflicts with Palm Desktop on Mac OS X
1	Reliable, sturdy printer, awesome text quality, job cancel button. Quiet!
1	Reliable, hardy printer, awesome text quality, job cancel button. tranquillize!
1	Great picture quality, rich with functions, many improvements from the G2
1	Great photo quality, rich with office, many improvements from the G2
0	Menus not always intuitive, memory card provided is too small
0	Menus not always intuitive, memory carte supply is too small
0	Slow Autofocus
0	retard Autofocus
0	short battery, press any key-press to put through
0	shortly battery, press any key-press to put through
1	Nice looking
1	decent looking
0	Bundle is a bit weak.
0	compact is a bit weak.
1	Adequate for the money
1	passable for the money
0	A bit slow when processing
0	A piece slow when processing
1	compact, fast, quiet
1	compact, loyal, quiet
1	easy of use, sturdy, convenient
1	prosperous of use, sturdy, convenient
0	With everything being automatic, might frustrate pros.
0	With everything being reflexive, might frustrate pros.
1	Floppy disk
1	Floppy platter
1	Image quality, accurate auto-sensors
1	Image choice, accurate auto-sensors
0	Price of Ink Cartridges
0	damage of Ink Cartridges
0	Weak zoom;Lack of macro mode;Not much manual control
0	unaccented zoom;Lack of macro mode;Not much manual master
0	You have to swap black and photo cartridges, they go in the same slot
0	You have to swap pitch-black and photo cartridges, they decease in the same slot
0	FOCUS, FOCUS, FOCUS
0	centre, FOCUS, FOCUS
0	Sucks battery power...Ni-MH rechargables are essential.  Storage expensive unless you use IBM Microdrive.
0	Sucks battery power...Ni-MH rechargables are requisite.  Storage expensive unless you role IBM Microdrive.
1	cool pictures
1	cool word-painting
1	Nice, easy-to-use features, including speaker phone and voice recognition.
1	nice, easy-to-use features, including speaker phone and voice recognition.
1	Cool Factor goes to "11"
1	Cool Factor depart to "11"
1	Great value in its price range!
1	Great prise in its price range!
1	slim design, easy to lock-unlock keys&#13;&#10;
1	slim design, promiscuous to lock-unlock keys&#13;&#10;
1	Nice color screen, good flip phone, fun downloadables
1	Nice color screen, dependable flip phone, fun downloadables
1	Fun, nice software, takes decent pics for the price
1	Fun, nice software, takes decent pics for the Price
0	Veiwfinder is a little off, hard to look through, camera is a battery eater.
0	Veiwfinder is a picayune off, hard to see through, camera is a battery eater.
0	It's old.
0	It's sometime.
1	Good sensitivity.  Good sound quality.  Good battery life
1	Good sensitivity.  Good sound quality.  safe battery life
0	only holds 8 normal sized photos, photos very low quality
0	only carry 8 pattern sized photos, photos very low quality
0	nothing
0	cypher
1	-Camera and Video
1	-Camera and video
0	low battery life, holster problems
0	humbled battery life, holster problems
0	no automatic double-sided printing
0	no automatic double-sided impress
0	Limited to 3.1 MP
0	Limited to troika.1 MP
1	al light conditions, small, good quality images, zoom, eliminates red eye, no more film
1	al light conditions, small, good quality persona, zoom, eliminates redness eye, no more film
1	Price, After Market ink, Speed
1	Price, afterward Market ink, Speed
1	very convenient, great price 
1	very commodious, great price 
0	Hard to find due to demand.
0	Hard to find due to take.
0	not the fastest 
0	not the degenerate 
0	A bit pricey for some
0	A bit costly for some
1	lightweight, inexpensive
1	whippersnapper, inexpensive
1	Small, lightweight, Color Display, cool-looking.
1	Small, lightweight, discolour Display, cool-looking.
0	Can't fax directly from PC, can't share port, small paper capacity.
0	Can't fax directly from PC, can't share port, lowly paper capability.
0	The editing software is quite basic and limited.
0	The editing software is quite basic and define.
1	Sweet Camera, Nice Features
1	odoriferous Camera, Nice Features
0	Camera had to be repaired after 31 days of ownership.
0	Camera had to be repaired after 31 daytime of possession.
0	Um. Not That Many Pics!
0	Um. Not That Many exposure!
0	Battery life
0	Battery spirit
0	No custom faceplates. Nokia more comfortable in your hand. Nokia simpler to use.
0	No custom faceplates. Nokia more comfortable in your hand. Nokia dewy-eyed to utilise.
1	Style,Lightweight,FoldsCompactly, EXECELLENT LATCH CAR SEAT SYSTEM,Stable
1	Style,Lightweight,FoldsCompactly, EXECELLENT LATCH CAR butt SYSTEM,Stable
0	Basic.
0	introductory.
1	Print the pictures you want.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Choose the size.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Save pictures to pc from printer.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Print the visualize you neediness.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Choose the size.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;salve delineation to pc from printer.&amp;#13;&amp;#tenner;
0	Navigation of setting. Can be confusing at first.
0	Navigation of context. Can be confusing at first.
0	Bulky
0	bulky
1	Super light-weight. Super customisable rings. Many backlight colours. Speakerphone built-in. Vibrating mode.
1	topnotch light-weight. Super customisable telephone. Many backlight colours. Speakerphone built-in. Vibrating mode.
0	When I think of one, I'll let you know
0	When one think of one, I'll let you know
0	Features. Internal Memory. Reliability. Download Capabilities.
0	Features. national Memory. Reliability. Download Capabilities.
1	Uses Cheap floppies for image storage, LCD Displays
1	Uses bum floppies for image storage, LCD Displays
0	you must push a series of buttons to get flash
0	you must push a series of buttons to produce newsbreak
0	HP ink is always expensive
0	horsepower ink is always expensive
1	Image quality, design, ease of use, good auto and manual mode photos, build quality excellent.
1	Image quality, design, ease of function, sound auto and manual mode photos, bod quality excellent.
0	I am on my 3rd one in 1 yr. Cingular is horrible service.
0	I am on my 3rd one in ane yr. Cingular is horrible Service.
1	ADF, fast printing, excellent print quality
1	ADF, fast printing, excellent print lineament
0	everything but size and user friendly
0	everything but sizing and user friendly
0	heavy battery consumption
0	wakeless battery consumption
0	Voice mail too hard.
0	spokesperson mail too hard.
1	Price, Ease of Use
1	Price, Ease of utilize
0	Picture Quality, Customer Service.
0	Picture character, Customer Service.
1	Good size, easy navigation, changeable faceplates in fun colors
1	undecomposed size, easy navigation, changeable faceplates in fun colors
0	Unusually large size
0	Unusually turgid size
0	Lens cap, price
0	Lens detonator, price
1	good quality,good speed,competitive price,excellent properties and services
1	good quality,well speed,private-enterprise price,excellent properties and services
0	Small ink cartridges
0	belittled ink cartridges
1	OMG photos are coming out of this machine!
1	OMG photos are amount out of this machine!
1	Takes up to 3 minute Movies! Manual functions, small &amp; elegant, fast
1	require up to 3 minute Movies! Manual functions, belittled &amp; elegant, fast
1	Awesome Color Screen, very light; good show-off phone
1	Awesome Color Screen, very faint; good show-off phone
1	Size, battery life, features.
1	Size, battery living, features.
1	Clarity, Portability
1	clearness, Portability
0	Slow when printing color.
0	Slow when printing colouration.
0	Slow for high quality pictures
0	Slow for high prize pictures
0	Removable Lens Cap, Lack of software
0	Removable Lens crownwork, Lack of software
1	Tiny, Quick camera
1	Tiny, agile camera
0	can't take short movies
0	can't lead short movies
0	Small memory (Standard card) and no mechanical zoom
0	Small memory (stock card) and no mechanical zoom
1	All the useful features of the Nikon 990, with a better size for traveling.
1	whole the useful features of the Nikon 990, with a good size for traveling.
0	A little slow registering photographs
0	A minuscule slow registering photographs
1	Ultra Zoom!
1	radical Zoom!
1	Cheap, photoquality prints. Large format.
1	tinny, photoquality prints. Large format.
0	Pricy, Bulky, Short Battery Life
0	Pricy, Bulky, poor Battery Life
0	battery starts to die after about a year, but is easily replaced
0	battery commencement to pall after about a year, but is easily replaced
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	Large size, minor aim flaws (not ergonomic)
0	Do you have big fingers? Stay away.
0	Do you have big fingers? halt away.
1	PRICE, sleek expensive looking design, included software, cables, memory card, and camera case, image quality.
1	damage, sleek expensive see design, included software, cables, memory bill, and camera case, image quality.
1	extremely compact; Web-enabled; can set rings; voice activated; durable; standard jacks
1	extremely compact; Web-enabled; can mark rings; voice activated; long-lasting; standard jacks
1	Low price, great combination of PDA and phone.
1	Low toll, great combination of PDA and phone.
1	Ease of use, price
1	Ease of use, cost
1	Unbreakable!  Good reception and easy to use.
1	Unbreakable!  ripe reception and easy to use.
0	This camera takes some getting used to. The accessories (AC adaptor, disk adaptor, extra smart card disks etc.) are expensive as you have to buy them from 3rd party vendors.
0	This camera select some baffle put-upon to. The accessories (AC adaptor, disk adaptor, extra saucy lineup disk etc.) are expensive as you have to buy them from 3rd party vendors.
1	Nice picture quality. Decent price ($260)
1	dainty picture quality. Decent price ($260)
1	Light, conveinent to carry, reception.
1	sluttish, conveinent to carry, reception.
0	Unreliable
0	unreliable
0	no storage
0	no warehousing
0	Need to buy an optional wire 39$
0	motive to buy an optional wire 39$
1	everything about it
1	everything about it
0	Battery Life, Supplied Memory
0	Battery Life, Supplied memory
0	No problems
0	No problem
0	Expensive. Bad software.
0	Expensive. defective software.
1	Incredible lens. Clear, crisp, colorful image reproduction. 4 mega pixels.
1	Incredible lens. Clear, crispy, colorful visualise reproduction. 4 mega pixels.
0	Colour repro isn't faultless
0	gloss repro isn't faultless
0	only one tray
0	only I tray
0	None that I have found to this point
0	None that I have found to this signal
1	Very lightweight and folds and unfolds easily - even with one hand!
1	identical lightweight and folds and unfolds easily - even with unrivaled hand!
0	Somewhat bulky by today's standards; small phone book
0	jolly bulky by today's standards; small phone book
1	None
1	none
0	Poorly designed interface, very primitive phonebook, very expensive, unbelievable inconvenient antenna
0	Poorly design port, very primitive phonebook, very expensive, unbelievable inconvenient antenna
1	Very easy setup and installation
1	rattling easy setup and installation
1	Ease of use, great design.
1	Ease of employment, great design.
0	clogs frequently, driver does not work well, poor customer service
0	foul frequently, driver does not operate well, poor customer service
0	Duplexing issues. Slow PostScript printing.
0	Duplexing matter. Slow PostScript printing.
0	no self-timer, lens cap or USB connection
0	no self-timer, lens cap or USB connexion
1	Trimode, still competitive with its ahead-of-its time battery life, size & weight
1	Trimode, hush competitive with its ahead-of-its time battery lifetime, size & weight
1	Small,like a rock,design,through t-mobile!
1	Small,like a rock,invention,through t-mobile!
0	Ringtone Options, Picture Integration
0	Ringtone Options, word-painting Integration
0	Not perfect photo graphics but excellent w/right paper
0	Not perfect photo graphics but excellent west/right paper
0	none
0	none
0	No cables included, some problems with bundled software
0	No cables included, some problems with pack software
0	not as nifty as it may believe!!
0	not as nifty as it may conceive!!
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	no analog modality, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transferee, weak camera
1	Great design
1	Great innovation
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Small and stylish. Rich in features.
1	lowly and stylish. Rich in features.
1	Excellent quality and inexpensive
1	excellent quality and inexpensive
0	No stopwatch.  No bluetooth.
0	no stopwatch.  No bluetooth.
0	Telecom: alerting the user [More details in Body]
0	Telecom: alerting the user [More details in torso]
1	Text Messaging, Tri-Mode, Speaker Phone, Voice Dialing, Bluetooth, Web Access, Good Reception, Voice memos
1	Text Messaging, Tri-Mode, Speaker Phone, vocalize Dialing, Bluetooth, Web Access, serious Reception, Voice memos
0	none
0	none
0	Size
0	size
1	The best looking phone I've seen
1	The best looking phone I've determine
1	Size, built, image quality
1	Size, built, paradigm quality
1	Good quality printing. 2880 resolution prints. Sleek styling.
1	honorable quality printing. 2880 resolution prints. Sleek styling.
1	Usability, Design, Colour Screen, Good Reception, Connectivity, Fun Features.
1	Usability, Design, discolour Screen, Good Reception, Connectivity, Fun Features.
1	Amazing Picture Resolution, Long Battery life (2AA), Great options, Low Price
1	Amazing Picture Resolution, Long Battery sprightliness (2AA), Great options, grim Price
1	Durablity,Features,Color,Everything!
1	Durablity,Features,colorise,Everything!
0	Can only record video for 20 seconds at a time.
0	toilet only enter video for 20 seconds at a time.
1	Excellent Photos!
1	fantabulous Photos!
1	Nice print outs - once you get it going
1	nice print outs - once you get it going
0	Noisy, costly printer cartridges
0	Noisy, costly printer magazine
0	Photos outside seem to turn out even better as the flash seems too powerful indoors.
0	photo outside seem to release out even sound as the flash seems too powerful indoors.
1	Ease of use, TV connection cable, Decent software, interchangeable compact flash cards in many sizes
1	Ease of use, telly connection cable, Decent software, interchangeable compact heartbeat add-in in many sizes
0	short lifetime
0	shortstop lifetime
0	Worthless piece of junk
0	Worthless firearm of junk
1	Screen, Features, Quality
1	cover, Features, Quality
0	Ink Cartridges are a bit expensive
0	Ink pickup are a bit expensive
1	Nice design, inexpensive, good print quality (B&amp;W and color), small footprint
1	overnice design, inexpensive, honest print quality (B&amp;W and color), small footprint
0	Program mode is not shiftable.
0	platform mode is not shiftable.
1	Works Great, Crystal Clear Sound, TONS of options
1	Works Great, Crystal Clear vocalize, TONS of options
0	chokes on large image files, driver software needs better interface
0	chokes on large image files, driver software necessitate substantially interface
1	Inexpensive, lightweight, long battery time, ability to change face plates
1	Inexpensive, lightweight, long battery time, ability to exchange face home
1	attractive
1	attractive
1	Good Working and cheap!
1	Good operative and cheap!
0	slow shutter, large pics a little fuzzy
0	slow shutter, large pics a small fuzzy
1	FLOPPY DISK, GOOD QUALITY PICS SENDING OVER THE WEB ,LONG BATTERY LIFE,
1	FLOPPY DISK, serious QUALITY PICS SENDING OVER THE WWW ,LONG BATTERY LIFE,
1	Very easy to use, pro quality pictures, nice design.
1	Very easy to use, pro quality ikon, nice design.
0	Very poor signal strength,  no support for new ring tones.  Speakerphone stinks!!!
0	Very poor signal strength,  no stand for new ring tones.  Speakerphone malodor!!!
1	Excellent battery life as well as good reception and clarity.
1	Excellent battery life as substantially as upright reception and clarity.
0	Print head clogging, mediocre output on plain paper
0	Print head clogging, mediocre output on unmistakable paper
1	Takes a lickin' and keeps on tickin'
1	study a lickin' and keeps on tickin'
0	Manual (although lengthy) misses some important facts; Software is just OK.
0	Manual (although lengthy) misses some important facts; software is just ok.
1	good quality &amp; numerous capabiities.
1	safe quality &amp; numerous capabiities.
0	Very small, for small hands
0	rattling small, for small hands
1	Durable construction means I won't be breaking this one
1	Durable construction means I won't be offend this one
0	Vertical feed gathers dust; flimsy output tray
0	Vertical feed gathers dust; fragile output tray
1	Ink is in separate cartridges, fast dry time, smudgeproof
1	Ink is in secern cartridges, fast dry time, smudgeproof
0	serial connection too slow, needs many batteries, no bag and inadequate lens-cover
0	serial connection too dumb, indigence many batteries, no bag and inadequate lens-cover
0	Pricey Picture developing
0	Pricey characterization developing
0	Manual is skimpy, USB cover is flimsy, 16 MB card is too small
0	Manual is skimpy, USB hide is flimsy, 16 MB card is too little
1	Size and portability, it also has an excellent battery life.
1	Size and portability, it likewise has an excellent shelling life.
0	Needs card adapters, printing borderless a bit confusing
0	Needs card adapters, printing borderless a bit bedevil
0	Tricky shape to squeeze against shoulder, no vibrate option. &#13;&#10;
0	catchy forge to squeeze against shoulder, no vibrate option. &#13;&#10;
1	Amazing picture, great lens, supplied battery, charger, numerous options
1	Amazing picture, great lens, issue battery, charger, numerous options
0	high price, learning curve, disk write time
0	high price, learning bend, disk write time
1	small, lightweight, and VERY durable.
1	small, lightweight, and VERY indestructible.
0	NO NEW DESIGN!  Hard to push buttons, slow reaction time.
0	NO NEW DESIGN!  surd to promote buttons, slow reaction time.
1	Light-weight, great storage medium, impressive zoom, acceptable battery life
1	Light-weight, great storage medium, telling zoom, acceptable battery life
1	Inexpensive.
1	inexpensive.
1	Durable, safe, good sun/rain/wind protection, cargo hooks
1	lasting, safe, good sun/rain/wind protection, cargo hooks
0	don't have any yet--I guess the color if I had to pick
0	don't have any yet--I guess the colour if I had to cream
1	Very easy to use,Great quality pictures&amp;#13;&amp;#10;floppy disc drive makes downloading fast
1	real easy to use,Great quality pictures&amp;#13;&amp;#10;floppy disc driveway ready downloading fast
1	Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
1	unspoilt reception and scream clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
1	Good print quality, good speed
1	skillful print quality, good speed
1	Intuitive design, millions of features, superb quality, VERY compact design.
1	Intuitive design, 1000000 of sport, superb quality, VERY compact design.
1	No waiting to get prints processed
1	No waiting to find prints processed
1	Inexpensive digital camera, great quality at high resolution
1	Inexpensive digital camera, neat quality at high resolution
0	up front price is shocking, however pays for itself in little amount of time
0	up front price is disgraceful, however pays for itself in little quantity of time
1	great photos, easy to use
1	smashing photos, easy to use
0	Small keys with similar shape makes it hard to dial, not as well designed
0	Small tonality with similar configuration makes it hard to dial, not as well designed
1	Very easy to shoot photos and transfer them to the PC
1	Very promiscuous to shoot photos and channel them to the PC
0	Weight
0	angle
0	Downloaded ringers much quieter than embedded ringers, poor voice quality, battery life.
0	Downloaded ringers much quieter than plant ringers, poor voice quality, battery liveliness.
0	None, other than they are no longer manufactured or sold by Nokia
0	None, other than they are no foresighted construct or sold by Nokia
1	Easy to use
1	leisurely to use
1	price, quality
1	price, tone
1	Easy to use, color printer,  photocopier, and scanner.  Relatively quick printing.
1	sluttish to exercise, color printer,  photocopier, and scanner.  Relatively quick printing.
0	Awful software ease of use, terrible call clarity, and terrible reception strength.
0	Awful software ease of use, atrocious call clarity, and atrocious reception strength.
1	Overall design, features and battery life
1	boilersuit design, features and battery life
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges and Print heads when needed replaced
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges and Print headspring when needed replaced
1	Excellent battery life, good features for entry phone.
1	Excellent battery life, secure features for entry phone.
0	numeric keys are a little TOO small
0	numeral keys are a little TOO small
1	cute looking
1	cute sounding
0	Pouring Java apps into this unit is tricky.  Screen washes out in sunlight.
0	Pouring Java apps into this unit is tricky.  sieve wash out in sunlight.
1	Cheap.   Can print envelopes without removing paper.
1	Cheap.   butt print envelopes without removing paper.
1	Nice Size, Easy to Use
1	Nice Size, light to Use
0	Well it does lacks in some of the modern day features that other phones have
0	well it does lacks in some of the modernistic day features that other phone have
0	Initializing of first print page really slow.
0	Initializing of start print page really slow.
1	Great 
1	slap-up 
1	Stylish, able to customize to your taste, reception, Nokia quality.
1	Stylish, able to customize to your appreciation, reception, Nokia character.
1	OUTSTANDING fast true color prints
1	OUTSTANDING fast admittedly color prints
0	STILL HAVE TO USE THE MICROWAVE TO COOK POPCORN (UNTIL THE SCP-5000?)
0	distillery take TO USE THE MICROWAVE TO COOK POPCORN (UNTIL THE SCP-5000?)
1	Ease of use, Convenient floppy storage, Terrific features, including MPEG movies
1	still of use, Convenient floppy storage, tremendous features, including MPEG movies
0	This phone is ssslllooowww. Has lots of bugs in its operating system!
0	This phone is ssslllooowww. get lots of bugs in its run system!
0	slow, prone to mechanical problems.
0	slow, prostrate to mechanical problems.
1	Very reputable brand name
1	Very reputable stigma name
1	Light, very portable.
1	light, very portable.
0	none so far
0	none so ALIR
0	I have yet to be disappointed in this cell phone.
0	iodine have yet to be disappointed in this cell headphone.
0	paging and voice mail awkward
0	paging and phonation mail awkward
0	Short battery life, prone to being accidentally turned on, non-flash pictures are blurry.
0	Short battery sprightliness, prostrate to being accidentally turned on, non-flash pictures are blurry.
1	None
1	none
0	Motorola has horrible/no customer service
0	Motorola has horrible/no customer serving
1	Color Display, GSM, Games, Internet, Ringtone Composer, Gadgets and Gizmos Galore
1	Color Display, GSM, Games, Internet, Ringtone composer, appliance and Gizmos Galore
1	Light weight, beautiful design, excellent build quality, simple to use
1	wakeful weight, beautiful design, excellent build quality, bare to use
1	Very Quiet, Sharp Clear Printing
1	Very still, Sharp Clear Printing
1	Superb pictures, easy to use, good price.
1	Superb pictures, easy to use, thoroughly price.
0	Vulnerable LCD 
0	vulnerable LCD 
1	High quality images
1	gamy quality images
0	Slow startup, red eyes, poor low light focus.
0	Slow startup, red eyes, poor moo light focus.
1	Value and quality
1	rate and quality
0	battery life in phone, can only store 10 people on speed dial
0	battery life in headphone, can only depot 10 people on speed dial
1	Small Size, LCD settings display w/o using the color screen
1	Small Size, LCD settings display w/o using the gloss sieve
0	Would never stay charged, see review
0	Would never stay point, see review
1	It's got all the functions needed for a basic professional camera. 
1	It's incur all the part needed for a basic professional camera. 
1	Small, lightweight, easy installation, inexpensive
1	Small, lightweight, well-situated installation, inexpensive
1	Value for money.
1	treasure for money.
1	great idea, easy to fold
1	peachy idea, easy to fold
0	Limited lens range (without adaptors)
0	Limited lens array (without adaptors)
0	Incompatibility with other services
0	Incompatibility with other Service
0	Does not come with necessary cables
0	Does not do with necessary cables
0	batteries run out quickly
0	batteries running out quickly
0	cheaply made
0	cheaply do
0	No Black &amp; White or Sepia settings, (although you can use your software) 
0	No disgraceful &amp; ashen or Sepia settings, (although you can use your software) 
1	Takes Great Photos
1	Takes dandy Photos
1	Easy to use/menus. Accepts AA batteries., 16MB internal memory. Nice big LCD display.
1	Easy to utilise/menus. swallow AA batteries., 16MB internal memory. Nice big LCD display.
1	Solid, dependable, well documented.
1	square, dependable, well documented.
1	Beautiful casing, extremely fast printing
1	Beautiful casing, extremely degenerate printing
0	none 
0	none 
0	remember to take lens cap off before shooting
0	remember to take lens cap off before photograph
1	Feel, look, battery life, has all available Sprint options, durable, friendly interface, excellent phone
1	smell, look, battery life, has all available Sprint options, durable, friendly interface, excellent sound
0	Numbers don't light up
0	Numbers don't ignitor up
1	LCD in the front&#13;&#10;Very small &#13;&#10;Many features
1	LCD in the front&#13;&#10;real small &#13;&#decade;Many features
1	Small size, easy to use, great pictures, battery charger, stylish
1	minor size, easy to utilise, great pictures, battery charger, stylish
1	graphics, sound
1	graphics, intelligent
1	Size, durability, rechargeable battery, long-battery life
1	Size, durability, rechargeable shelling, long-battery life
0	Reception terrible
0	Reception dreaded
1	Stylish, a lot of features, reliable, user-friendly
1	Stylish, a lot of sport, reliable, user-friendly
1	Inexpensive, durable, easy to use, quality resolution
1	Inexpensive, durable, easy to employ, quality resolution
0	It breaks down, flash does not work, no proper zoom, battery dies quick.
0	It respite down, instant does not work, no proper zoom, battery dies quick.
0	scratches very easily, not enough memory for photo capacity and text  messaging.
0	engrave very easily, not enough memory for picture capacity and text  messaging.
1	Light, long talk time, easy to read display
1	Light, long peach time, easy to read display
1	Great phone - Don't use Verizon
1	gravid phone - Don't use Verizon
0	Does it take a master's degree in computer science to get this thing to work?
0	coif it return a master's degree in computer science to get this thing to exploit?
0	Battery meter; some slow inputs
0	Battery meter; some tedious inputs
1	20 minute record time, size
1	20 instant record time, size
1	small easy to carry around
1	small wanton to carry around
0	price and local availability of accessories
0	cost and local availability of accessories
0	Some might think its &quot;outdated&quot; by new phones.
0	Some power think its &quot;outdated&quot; by freshly phones.
0	small keypad
0	lowly keypad
0	Battery life.. complicated phone book
0	Battery life.. complicated headphone book
0	Disconnected on lengthy calls, but good for someone who isn't on all the time.
0	Disconnected on protracted outcry, but good for someone who isn't on all the time.
0	None that I can think of
0	None that I can remember of
1	great pictures! small, convenient convenient camera!
1	great pictures! little, convenient convenient camera!
0	screen crackedtwice in onemonth i've owned it, light stays onfor 13secs+cant change, pricey(at Cingular), textingmaybecomeaddictive
0	screen crackedtwice in onemonth i've owned it, easy stoppage onfor 13secs+slant change, pricey(at Cingular), textingmaybecomeaddictive
1	Cheap, Quiet, Small
1	Cheap, muted, Small
0	Nothing except when it grabs paper it scares you because of sudden noise.
0	Nothing except when it grab paper it scares you because of sudden randomness.
1	elicits oohs and ahhs wherever it goes
1	elicits oohs and ahhs wherever it live
0	Battery life, antenna (lame), easily scratched, Earpiece volume too loud
0	Battery life, feeler (lame), easily fret, Earpiece volume too loud
0	Lousy Battery Life and not recommended for it's unreliability!
0	stinky Battery Life and not recommended for it's unreliability!
0	bulky when folded, hard to push with one hand
0	bulky when folded, hard to promote with one hand
0	Preview display uses a lot of battery power
0	Preview display utilise a lot of battery power
0	No sound on movies, :30 limit on movies
0	No voice on movies, :30 limit on movies
0	Phone appears to have a built in obsolesence. Malfunctions after one year.
0	Phone seem to have a built in obsolesence. Malfunctions after unmatched year.
1	Swivel Body - Hologram AF - Fast - Night Framing - Battery Life
1	Swivel Body - Hologram AF - degenerate - Night Framing - Battery Life
0	cheap
0	garish
1	exceptionally fast shutter speed, powerful, clear 8X optical zoom &amp; long life lithium battery
1	exceptionally fast shutter speed, powerful, clearly 8X optical zoom &amp; long life lithium shelling
1	Price, options offered
1	Price, options provide
0	Default f-stop setting
0	Default f-stop prepare
0	Reception in rural areas can be sketchy
0	Reception in rural areas can be unelaborated
1	Stylish, lots of features, can use as a modem for a notebook computer
1	Stylish, muckle of features, can use as a modem for a notebook reckoner
1	Amazing battery life, excellent user friendliness
1	Amazing battery life, excellent exploiter friendliness
0	Requires REPEATED cleanings, Fussy about paper
0	Requires REPEATED cleansing, Fussy about paper
1	Compact, Quality, Ease of Use
1	Compact, Quality, relaxation of Use
0	NONE =}
0	none =}
1	Good print quality, relatively fast, very inexpensive
1	Good print quality, relatively debauched, very inexpensive
0	Slightly bigger than most digitals, computer transfer may be a problem for some.
0	Slightly braggy than most digitals, computer transfer may be a trouble for some.
1	Palm and wireless phone in one unit. Wireless Internet access.
1	Palm and wireless phone in one unit. Wireless net admission.
1	Nearly Jam-Free, nearly problem-free, fast, ultra-reliable, great print quality
1	Nearly Jam-Free, nearly problem-free, fast, ultra-reliable, swell print quality
0	bad battery compartment design.
0	badness battery compartment design.
1	price, ease of operation, resolution
1	price, ease of procedure, resolution
0	Manual a little confusing
0	Manual a picayune confusing
0	Only 3 colors to choose from.
0	Only troika colors to choose from.
1	high resolution, zoom feature on preview screen, movie function, fast USB transfer, fancy menu/user interface, manual functions (night mode), and the image transfer that automatically sorts the pictures in a web page format by date thus saving a lot of tim
1	high resolution, zoom feature on preview filmdom, movie map, quick USB transference, fancy menu/user interface, manual function (night mode), and the double transfer that automatically sorts the pictures in a web page format by date thus salve a luck of tim
0	Sound Quality (voice). Small Buttons. Proprietary Headphones. Bluetooth Transfers. Can that Hinge Survive Two Years?
0	Sound Quality (vocalism). Small Buttons. Proprietary Headphones. Bluetooth Transfers. hindquarters that Hinge Survive Two geezerhood?
1	quality, features, price
1	prime, features, price
1	Easy to use, Great Price, Good Sound Quality
1	Easy to usage, Great Price, Good Sound Quality
1	the communication works
1	the communication act
0	pad slips, unaccessible basket, folding causes pad to be on floor
0	pad miscue, unaccessible basket, folding have pad to be on floor
0	floppys are unreliable, floppys are big.
0	floppys are unreliable, floppys are giving.
0	I have not had any problems with this product.
0	iodin have not had any problems with this product.
0	Picture brightness often has to be editted., Price.
0	movie brightness often has to be editted., Price.
1	Cheap price and refills
1	tinny price and refills
1	Cheaper than the S820D, excellent photo prints, decent text printing
1	tatty than the S820D, excellent exposure prints, decent text printing
1	Awesome battery life, integrated speakerphone, color display
1	Awesome battery life, incorporate speakerphone, color display
0	Nasty... very nasty final results...
0	Nasty... very awful final results...
1	Huge Display, Rugged, Super Battery Life, T9 Text Recognition, Packed with Features
1	Huge Display, Rugged, Super Battery Life, T9 text Recognition, carry with Features
1	Some nice feature
1	Some Nice feature
0	None
0	none
1	Great pictures, many options
1	Great ikon, many options
0	bad technology, programs not integrated- can't add appointment from database, need two hands to operate
0	sorry technology, programs not integrated- can't append appointment from database, need two give to operate
1	Looks, Camera
1	flavour, Camera
0	muffled sound sometimes
0	repress sound sometimes
1	Quiet, fully featured, great quality prints
1	smooth, fully featured, great quality prints
0	Fuji using an un-essential 5V AC adapter, available only from them! Sounds fishy...
0	Fuji exploitation an un-essential 5V AC adapter, available only from them! Sounds shady...
0	Bit pricey
0	Bit costly
1	Space saving paper tray, Cost
1	Space redemptive paper tray, Cost
1	compact, amazing quality, cheap
1	constrict, amazing quality, cheap
1	Low price, USB compatible, small size, fast printing, low noise standby
1	Low price, USB compatible, small size, fast impress, humble noise standby
0	the key is too small
0	the cardinal is too small
1	Fast operation, good image quality, solid feeling design
1	Fast operation, good image quality, solidness feeling design
0	Bad speaker phone. No Bluetooth.
0	Bad speaker phone. no Bluetooth.
1	Awesome features/easy to use/fun/versatile/low price/Cust SVS 2nd 2 none!
1	Awesome sport/easy to practice/fun/versatile/low price/Cust SVS 2nd 2 none!
0	High Power Consumption
0	High Power usance
0	Shakes a little too much
0	Shakes a little too practically
0	Non really.
0	Non very.
1	Quick printing, good color, shows ink levels
1	fast printing, good color, shows ink levels
0	None
0	none
1	Many Pros
1	many Pros
1	Nice graphics
1	Nice graphic
1	Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Record Short Videos
1	Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Record Short telecasting
0	None - OK, they removed Solitaire, but that's it!
0	None - OK, they remote Solitaire, but that's it!
1	Fast, sharp images and clear fonts at any size while easy and cheap to refill.
1	quick, sharp images and illuminate fonts at any size while tardily and cheap to refill.
0	must replace expensive color tank when a single color runs out
0	must replace expensive coloration tank when a single color test out
0	Too big and heavy, mediocre reception.
0	Too adult and heavy, mediocre reception.
0	Boot and Process time
0	Boot and Process meter
0	battery drains fast, bad focus in low-light conditions
0	battery drains fast, big focus in low-light conditions
0	The price!
0	The Price!
1	Inexpensive; easy setup; decent overall performance.  Optional 6-color printing!
1	Inexpensive; easy setup; decent overall performance.  optional 6-color printing!
1	easy to use; good price; great pictures; good software; LCD viewfinder
1	easy to utilisation; good price; great delineation; good software; LCD viewfinder
1	Generally easy to use; great pictures
1	Generally easy to use; groovy pictures
0	service with Tracfone is very expensive
0	servicing with Tracfone is very expensive
0	Weak flash, some surprisingly unpredictable results, LCD-only viewfinder. 
0	Weak flash, some surprisingly irregular results, LCD-only viewfinder. 
0	You can really tell when the cartredge is going
0	You can really tell when the cartredge is function
1	Nikon quality Lens,  many features 
1	Nikon timber Lens,  many features 
1	Decent print quality, low price
1	seemly print quality, low price
1	friendly
1	favorable
0	Flip cover broke easily, ringer volume rocker switch does not work at times, echoing.
0	flip cover broke easily, ringer volume rocker switch does not work at times, reverberate.
0	May be too small for some (not me), no analog mode
0	May be too belittled for some (not me), no parallel mode
0	More of an all-around printer than a dedicated photo printer
0	More of an all-around printer than a dedicated picture pressman
0	None
0	none
1	Great for travel.  Fast shutter release!  
1	Great for travel.  Fast shutter dismissal!  
0	The con to this phone is that it isnt that durable to withstand damage.
0	The flimflam to this phone is that it isnt that durable to withstand terms.
0	Should of made it come in several colors along with the teal.
0	Should of establish it occur in several colors along with the teal.
0	Not the best
0	non the best
1	Easy to use, Color Screen, Loaded w/ ringers, and screensavers.
1	slowly to use, Color screenland, Loaded w/ ringers, and screensavers.
1	fun to see how pictures look before  you print
1	fun to see how picture look before  you print
1	VERY lightweight and portable, but doesn't skimp on features.
1	VERY lightweight and portable, but doesn't skimp on boast.
0	WAY too expensive
0	mode too expensive
0	Very heavy, not really made to fit in a picket, battery drains fast.
0	Very laboured, not really wee to fit in a picket, battery drains fast.
1	cheap
1	tacky
1	Nicely lit display, sturdy built
1	Nicely ignite display, sturdy built
1	Easy to use, compact,light, amount of pictures
1	Easy to use, stocky,light, amount of pictures
0	Takes a long time to print the job.
0	guide a long time to print the job.
1	Reception acceptable. Good for international. Battery good.
1	Reception acceptable. Good for international. barrage good.
0	Speakerphone needs work for car use
0	Speakerphone pauperism work for car use
0	Not a one
0	not a one
0	Included battery has short life.
0	Included battery has shortly life.
0	weak battery, very strong memory card "eject" mechanism
0	weak battery, very strong retention card "eject" mechanism
0	i cant think of any
0	i cant consider of any
0	Picture quality,annoying menu confirmations,so-so reception
0	scene quality,annoying menu confirmations,so-so reception
0	Price
0	damage
1	usb for fast connection, lcd screen, cheap
1	usb for immobile connection, lcd screen, cheap
1	Nokia 8310
1	Nokia 8310
0	None.
0	none.
1	Lightness, thinness, good reception
1	Lightness, leanness, good reception
0	pricey
0	costly
0	Perhaps a little bit bit but it is the compromise with the Palm !
0	Perhaps a little routine sting but it is the compromise with the Palm !
1	Inexpensive, small, good for ebay
1	Inexpensive, lowly, good for ebay
1	many features, though superfluous
1	many features, though surplus
0	small buttons, shorter battery life than most, small
0	small button, shorter battery life than most, small
1	Nice camera for not a lot of $$
1	Nice camera for not a caboodle of $$
1	Good price, small, responsive, good features
1	effective price, small, responsive, good features
0	no voice dialing anymore
0	no part dialing anymore
1	lightweight, good for travel
1	lightweight, practiced for travel
1	carseat, stroller, drinktray, good cornering
1	carseat, pusher, drinktray, good cornering
1	Good resolution, and features
1	unspoiled resolution, and features
0	speed/ battery life
0	swiftness/ battery life
0	Had to buy a bigger Compact Flash Card
0	Had to buy a bigger Compact Flash card
1	Inexpensive
1	inexpensive
1	Easy to use, great pictures
1	tardily to use, great pictures
1	size, easy to open with one hand
1	size, easy to out-of-doors with one hand
1	Relatively inexpensive
1	Relatively cheap
0	Slow and noisy.
0	slowly and noisy.
1	Excellent Call Quality and comfortable handset, great ability to get a signal where other-handsets fail.
1	Excellent outcry Quality and well-to-do handset, great ability to get a signal where other-handsets break.
0	No USB, noisy motor
0	No USB, noisy motive
0	low light conditions. macro mode
0	low calorie-free conditions. macro mode
0	Doesn't work too well with low lighting.
0	Doesn't work too well with low ignition.
0	Very little storage, no AC adaptor, uses lots of batteries.
0	selfsame little storage, no AC adaptor, use lots of batteries.
1	none
1	none
1	Speed / Incredible photo reproduction
1	hotfoot / Incredible photo reproduction
0	None . 
0	none . 
0	-Speaker phone is too quite
0	-Speaker earpiece is too quite
0	Awkward turning on and off
0	Awkward deform on and off
1	cheap, very portable, if it breaks who cares.
1	cheap, very portable, if it disruption who cares.
0	Very slow
0	Very slowly
1	270 degree swivel lens, LCD display, various camera modes
1	270 degree swivel lens, LCD display, diverse camera modes
0	No (non-digital) zoom, eats batteries, poor software, variable performance in some lighting conditions
0	No (non-digital) zoom, chow batteries, poor software, variable performance in some lighting circumstance
1	Compact self-enclosed design, long bettery life, can achieve great photo-quality. 
1	constrict self-enclosed design, foresightful bettery life, can achieve great photo-quality. 
0	Horrible software, extremely buggy. VERY DISFUNCTIONAL
0	Horrible software, extremely daft. VERY DISFUNCTIONAL
1	Excellent phone, sleek, full-color, tri-band
1	Excellent phone, silklike, full-color, tri-band
0	Photo print quality, cartridge life
0	Photo print quality, cartridge lifetime
0	Flash distance, poor results in room light
0	flashing distance, poor results in room light
0	 Cost... Cost...
0	 toll... Cost...
1	Great Price, Easy to Use
1	Great Price, slowly to Use
1	easy to use, good picture quality, 8MB card, can take a beating
1	easy to use, good picture quality, 8MB poster, can take a pulsate
0	A bit noisy, flimsy, sometimes blurry, software average
0	ampere bit noisy, flimsy, sometimes blurry, software average
1	Beautiful looks.  Sturdy.  Good battery life.  Gadgets and gizmos.  Loud speakerphone.
1	Beautiful looks.  Sturdy.  honest battery life.  Gadgets and gizmos.  loud speakerphone.
0	It is slow taking the pictures.
0	It is slow shoot the pictures.
0	battery life don't last as long, not that many features, signal strength varies
0	battery life don't death as long, not that many sport, signal strength varies
1	Durable, good price
1	indestructible, good price
0	no optical zoom
0	no visual zoom
0	VERY expensive
0	rattling expensive
1	great,clear reception
1	great,assoil reception
0	2X optical zoom, No battery status indicator, Awkward tripod mount placement
0	2X optical zoom, nobelium battery status indicator, Awkward tripod mount arrangement
1	relatively small footprint considering capabilities, easy to use, fast for an inkjet
1	relatively small footmark considering capabilities, soft to use, fast for an inkjet
1	Excellent talk time, battery life and menu interface
1	Excellent peach time, battery life and menu interface
1	it's a flip phone
1	it's a somersault phone
0	battery life, can't download ringers
0	battery life, can't download clone
0	a little slow and now black cartridge comes with it.
0	a little slow and now Black pickup comes with it.
1	It's very easy to take great photos with this camera!
1	It's very easy to adopt heavy photos with this camera!
0	So-so software, low resolution
0	So-so software, low solution
1	Inexpensive, picture quality
1	Inexpensive, film quality
0	cartridge cost
0	pickup cost
0	None
0	none
0	Interface somewhat clumsy
0	Interface somewhat inept
1	Price, ease of use
1	Price, ease of utilisation
1	clear printing and great colors!
1	clear printing and great colour!
1	small. Big buttons. Bright screen. 500 name address book. Internet ready. GPS emergency location feature.
1	small. boastful buttons. Bright screen. 500 name reference Scripture. Internet ready. GPS emergency location feature.
1	beautiful pictures
1	beautiful delineation
0	No video, no call restrictions,
0	No video, no song restrictions,
1	Excellent Quality, Easy to Use, VERY SLR Like.
1	Excellent Quality, Easy to habit, VERY SLR Like.
1	Color screen, loudspeaker, IrDA, lightweight, stylish, polyphonic.
1	Color screen, loudspeaker, IrDA, lightweight, fashionable, polyphonic.
1	Compact, lightweight, better overall backlit screen, good sound clarity
1	Compact, lightweight, considerably overall backlit screen, good sound clarity
1	CompactFlash memory, good picture quality, easy to use.
1	CompactFlash memory, right picture quality, easy to use.
0	Dropped calls, scheduler interface, headset port
0	Dropped promise, scheduler interface, headset port
0	can't use nikon flash, battery door a little weak.
0	can't usance nikon flash, battery door a little weak.
0	Sometimes pulls the paper in a little slanted.  Initial Set-up problems
0	Sometimes pulling the paper in a little cant.  Initial Set-up problems
0	Rare face plates cause bouts of jealousy in other Nokia owners
0	Rare aspect plates lawsuit bouts of jealousy in other Nokia owners
0	cartridges, but I think they are all expensive!
0	magazine, but I think they are all expensive!
0	Paper feed problem toward end of warranty period.
0	Paper feed problem toward goal of warranty period.
0	Flimsy rubber cover for I/O ports.
0	Flimsy rubber cover for I/o ports.
1	Small, Light, Easy To Use, Not Much Static
1	Small, ignitor, Easy To Use, Not Much Static
0	Fabric design not the prettiest around.
0	Fabric excogitation not the prettiest around.
0	Signal, Battery Life
0	point, Battery Life
1	Compact, flip front
1	compendious, flip front
0	Can't say in less than 15 words!
0	Can't say in less than 15 Book!
1	many features, looks fancy
1	many feature, looks fancy
1	Tri-mode, Wireless web, Quick battery charge, Voice dialing
1	Tri-mode, Wireless web, immediate battery charge, Voice dialing
0	Sucks ink like Dracula sucks blood.
0	Sucks ink like Dracula wet-nurse blood.
1	web enabled, easy to use, fast recharges
1	web enabled, gentle to use, fast recharges
0	Sub standard quality for all features
0	U-boat standard quality for all features
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
0	Very Poor Item and Unfair fees from  Customer  Service
0	Very Poor Item and Unfair fees from  Customer  avail
0	No fancy stuff.  Small internal memory, but easy to upgrade.
0	No fancy stuff.  little internal memory, but sluttish to upgrade.
1	Size and Features
1	Size and feature
0	Bulky, no video camera, texting system
0	Bulky, no video camera, texting scheme
1	Excellent quality pictures and small size.
1	Excellent quality pic and small size.
1	cheap, good software
1	gaudy, good software
0	Small Standard Memory
0	pocket-size Standard Memory
1	Great value for the price; user-friendly system; car seat easily attaches to shopping carts
1	Great value for the terms; user-friendly system; car seat easily attaches to shop carts
1	Large screen, clear reception
1	Large screen, pass reception
1	Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
1	Good 'phone' feel and voice quality.
1	Extremely good photo quality. Full automatic to full manual controls.
1	Extremely good photo quality. wide-cut automatic to full manual manipulate.
1	MP3/WMA music in hi-fi, Video/Digital Image Capture,BlueTooth Capable,High Reliability,microSD slot, EVDO Broadband Enabled
1	MP3/WMA music in hi-fi, TV/Digital visualise Capture,BlueTooth Capable,High Reliability,microSD slot, EVDO Broadband enable
1	Easy to operate, folds flat, lightweight at 24 lbs.
1	Easy to operate, folds prostrate, lightweight at 24 lbs.
1	Great Internet utility and email with a wide color screen, full function Keyboard. SPEAKER-PHONE!
1	keen Internet utility and email with a wide color filmdom, full function Keyboard. SPEAKER-PHONE!
1	Nice looking, good features
1	Nice looking, serious features
0	Can't work on TDMA or CDMA Network  while roaming
0	Can't lick on TDMA or CDMA Network  while roaming
1	Excellent Quality, Easy to use
1	Excellent Quality, Easy to usage
0	No speakerphone, Not able to have ring tones for each party.
0	No speakerphone, Not able to have environ spirit for each party.
0	AC Adapter not included, limited flash range, no external lenses or flashes
0	AC Adapter not included, restrain scud range, no external lenses or flashes
1	Features, Sound Quality
1	Features, Sound tone
1	Compact, value, resolution
1	stocky, value, resolution
1	Feature rich
1	have rich
1	Cheap, good battery life, very bright back light.
1	Cheap, good battery life, very bright rear light.
0	Bulky. Nice looking "candy bar style" phone but not as cool as a flip phone.
0	Bulky. Nice looking "glaze ginmill style" earpiece but not as cool as a flip phone.
0	Not high quality
0	Not eminent quality
0	Expensive ink, Goes through ink quickly, slow
0	Expensive ink, sound through ink quickly, slow
0	does not save half-written messages; alarm does not have snooze feature;inefficient Phone-to-SIM copy feature;
0	does not economize half-written messages; appall does not have snooze feature;inefficient Phone-to-SIM imitate feature;
0	No cable.
0	No telegraph.
0	Uses batteries quickly
0	Uses batteries rapidly
0	drop it once and it is dead.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;aliasing on jpg.
0	deteriorate it once and it is idle.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;aliasing on jpg.
1	Small, lightweight, and it has a screen on the outside.
1	Small, lightweight, and it has a cover on the international.
1	Nothing else comes close for the money, a real digital SLR
1	Nothing else arrive closemouthed for the money, a real digital SLR
1	Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
1	expression nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in matchless, real Web Browser!
1	Great Image Quality
1	slap-up Image Quality
1	Size
1	size
1	variety of ring tones, wallpapers, and visual-audial effects; backlighting; storage space; full features
1	variety of mob tones, wallpapers, and visual-audial effects; backlighting; entrepot space; full features
1	 the closest picture to 35mm film. Simple, fast and perfect. need I say more
1	 the nearest picture to 35mm film. Simple, tight and perfect. need I say more
1	Affordability, ease-of-use, quality digital photo's
1	Affordability, ease-of-use, lineament digital photo's
1	lots of features
1	slews of features
1	Good image quality, good set of features
1	Good image quality, good set of characteristic
0	Heavy ink saturation causes rippling of paper, frequent cartridge changes, tendency to clog
0	wakeless ink saturation causes rippling of paper, frequent cartridge changes, inclination to clog
1	Price, Slim Look, Battery
1	Price, Slim appear, Battery
0	Non-archival, all colors in cartridge
0	Non-archival, all vividness in cartridge
0	No silent ring.
0	No soundless ring.
1	Good to look at, easy to handle
1	right to look at, easy to handle
0	Cheaply made case,low battery life
0	Cheaply stimulate case,low battery life
0	Yes, it is hard to turn on and off and a bit bulky.
0	Yes, it is firmly to sprain on and off and a bit bulky.
0	Bit noisy. Beware: you only get photo quality prints on photo quality paper.
0	chip noisy. Beware: you only get photo quality prints on photo caliber paper.
0	if using for several hours in a row, it tends to get a bit hot.
0	if using for several hours in a row, it incline to start a turn hot.
1	A Great Camera
1	adenine Great Camera
1	Looks cool, super compact, makes you feel like Bond, Bluetooth and MP3 ringtones
1	aspect cool, super compact, have you feel like Bond, Bluetooth and MP3 ringtones
0	Low light pictures
0	Low short pictures
1	Quiet, fast
1	repose, fast
1	price, quality, ease of use
1	price, quality, ease of utilisation
0	Software could be more user friendly.
0	package could be more user friendly.
0	Needs car adapter- - short battery life
0	Needs car adapter- - short-circuit battery life
0	shuts off suddenly, dust comes in LCD
0	shuts off suddenly, dust occur in LCD
0	Problems with memory card...TWICE!
0	Problems with memory plug-in...TWICE!
1	The price I guess, after having checked at a couple of stores.
1	The price I guess, after having gibe at a yoke of stores.
0	Cannot easily change volume while talking.
0	Cannot easily change volume while verbalise.
1	Good Reception, multi-color, integrates 100% with my car
1	Good Reception, varicolored, integrates 100% with my car
0	cartridges can be hard to find
0	cartridges can be hard to uncovering
0	NOTHING
0	null
1	Just charge the battery and you're ready to take pictures
1	exactly charge the battery and you're ready to aim pictures
1	Good picture quality, easy to use
1	secure picture quality, easy to use
1	Compact, affordable and easy to use
1	Compact, affordable and well-fixed to use
0	4096 colors, MMS no sound, 4 chord ringtones , no built-in camera, pop-port, SLOW!
0	4096 color, MMS no sound, quadruplet chord ringtones , no built-in camera, pop-port, SLOW!
1	Reliable, easy to use, good datebook functions
1	Reliable, easy to use, good datebook occasion
1	Direct-Connect walkie-talkie functionality, built in speakerphone
1	Direct-Connect walkie-talkie functionality, make in speakerphone
1	Voice quality, Get-It-Now games & tools, sharp looks.
1	Voice quality, Get-It-Now games & tools, sharp tone.
0	None
0	none
1	Beautiful screen.
1	Beautiful test.
1	Speed and Quality
1	Speed and timber
0	basic model - no frills
0	BASIC model - no frills
0	Resolution ... 1.2 mp  is the base for most graphic work... but ..just enough
0	Resolution ... 1.2 mp  is the immoral for most pictorial work... but ..just enough
1	This camera is a great high quality camera, takes EXCELLENT pictures
1	This camera is a dandy high quality camera, takes EXCELLENT scene
0	Low Ringtone
0	low-down Ringtone
0	no speakerphone, low ring volume unless you manually change it through programming menu, expensive games
0	no speakerphone, low pack volume unless you manually shift it through programming menu, expensive back
0	Bad cust. support, software flaws
0	Bad cust. confirm, software flaws
1	Georgeous photos
1	Georgeous exposure
1	size, weight, price
1	sizing, weight, price
0	very very very very expensive
0	very very very very expensive
0	Instruction manual of 271 pages is difficult to read on PDF included with software.
0	Instruction manual of 271 pages is difficult to read on PDF include with package.
0	must be careful with it or it may break
0	must be deliberate with it or it may break
0	Supplied 16MB Memory Stick a joke, no sticks available above 128MB yet
0	Supplied 16MB Memory Stick a joke, no gravel available above 128MB withal
0	No case or lens cap holder.
0	No case or lens crownwork holder.
1	high resolution, high zoom
1	gamey resolution, high zoom
0	Ink could last longer.  Didn't work with my old Windows95 machine (133mghz).
0	Ink could last longer.  Didn't make with my onetime Windows95 machine (133mghz).
0	only reclines to two positions
0	only reclines to two lay
0	Easily breakable screen, short battery life
0	Easily breakable screen, forgetful battery life
0	Poor Quality
0	Poor quality
0	Has a mediocre vibrate function. Talk time battery life could be better.
0	Has a mediocre vibrate procedure. Talk time battery life could be secure.
1	fully manual, offers full creative control for photographers, compact, quality
1	fully manual, offers broad creative control for photographers, compact, choice
0	Nothing yet
0	zippo yet
0	Software no good for international faxing
0	Software no good for outside faxing
1	Lightweight, very clear voice quality, decent feature set.
1	Lightweight, very clear voice quality, decent feature localize.
0	8 months later I still have not received the $40. rebate that I was promised
0	8 months later unity smooth have not experience the $40. rebate that I was promised
0	Pricey, battery life, can't remove default pictures
0	pricey, battery life, can't remove default pictures
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, prints directly from memory card
1	Great picture quality, easy to consumption, print directly from memory card
1	Looks, display, battery, microphone, features
1	Looks, display, battery, microphone, sport
1	Price, voice dialing, reception
1	Price, voice dialing, receipt
0	Battery life is a little short if left on between photos
0	Battery life is a little scant if left on between picture
0	canons telephone service it awful.
0	canyon telephone service it awful.
0	none
0	none
1	Good features, durable, stylish.
1	proficient features, durable, stylish.
1	price and ease of use
1	price and easiness of use
0	A drop-in charger would be nice.
0	A drop-in courser would be nice.
1	can print from camera card
1	can print from camera add-in
1	Good graphics
1	near graphics
0	Black and white cartridge too small.
0	sinister and white cartridge too small.
1	Has almost every feature you could dream of.
1	Has almost every feature you could woolgather of.
1	unbelievable images
1	unbelievable look-alike
1	Wonderful color, small size, lots of control.
1	Wonderful color, small-scale size, lots of control.
1	HP OfficeJet T45 is good machine, the possibilities are too high.
1	HP OfficeJet T45 is sound machine, the possibilities are too eminent.
0	Low resolution for too much $$$
0	downhearted resolution for too much $$$
0	The printer uses its ink very quickly
0	The printer function its ink very quickly
0	No Internet capabilities. Size.
0	No Internet capacity. Size.
0	Bulky, after a year of use, looks like a truck ran over it.
0	Bulky, after a year of use, looks like a motortruck extend over it.
0	a little slow
0	a little slacken
1	music player, low rf emissions, easy to lock/unlock keys
1	music player, down rf emissions, loose to lock/unlock keys
0	1) Not the best-looking phone around
0	ane) Not the best-looking phone around
1	The universal device, powerful, pretty
1	The universal twist, powerful, pretty
0	movie mode isn't long enough
0	movie mode isn't longsighted enough
1	Rugged, durable, withstands silly secretaries
1	Rugged, indestructible, withstands silly secretaries
1	Lightweight, convenient USB interface, MulitMediaCard slot
1	Lightweight, convenient USB port, MulitMediaCard slot
0	None
0	none
1	Very Sharp Printing, easy on the consumables !
1	real Sharp Printing, easy on the consumables !
1	picture quality, price, ease of use
1	picture prime, price, ease of use
0	a bit pricey for Joe average if your not going to use all the functions
0	a mo high-priced for Joe average if your not going to employ all the functions
0	Price, but coming down steadilty
0	damage, but coming down steadilty
0	Operating cost BAD...
0	Operating toll BAD...
1	none
1	none
0	A little complicated for the amateur user, more expensive than other comparable cameras.
0	ampere lilliputian complicated for the amateur user, more expensive than other comparable cameras.
0	Read the review
0	Read the brushup
1	Quick time to to first shot; Good picture quality; small &amp; light.
1	straightaway time to to first shot; Good depiction quality; small &amp; light.
0	As noted, print heads a disgrace
0	As noted, impress heads a disgrace
1	Small, inexpensive, easy to use, OK features.
1	Small, inexpensive, easy to use, hunky-dory features.
1	Lightweight, easy to use, durable.
1	Lightweight, well-fixed to use, durable.
1	Fast, Quality Printing, USB and Printer Port
1	Fast, calibre Printing, USB and Printer Port
0	pricey, cartridges expensive
0	pricey, pickup expensive
1	Fine print quality, fast enough for home use, and the price is right.
1	Fine print quality, debauched adequate for home use, and the price is right.
1	compact; easy-to-install; pretty decent quality
1	constrict; easy-to-install; pretty decent quality
1	Beautiful screen.
1	Beautiful concealment.
1	Quality, Features, Tools
1	quality, Features, Tools
0	No text messaging
0	No schoolbook messaging
0	Manual flash
0	Manual ostentate
1	Works great on the Cingular GAIT plan.  Better national coverage.
1	lick great on the Cingular GAIT plan.  Better home coverage.
0	Cartridge cost.
0	cartridge cost.
0	reception, key design? motorola's customer care
0	reception, key design? motorola's customer tending
1	light weight and easy to use
1	light weight and loose to use
1	cheap, nice style, works well
1	cheap, nice style, play well
0	doesn't have all the bells and whistles of fancier phones, no games or web browsing
0	doesn't have all the bells and sing of fancier earphone, no games or web crop
0	None.
0	none.
0	No USB, only 1.3 megapixel, low battery life
0	No USB, only 1.threesome megapixel, low battery life
1	light weight, easy to use, takes great pictures
1	light weight, easy to utilisation, takes great pictures
0	Filter Attachment Adapter Required
0	permeate Attachment Adapter Required
0	Quality and Battery Life
0	Quality and battery Life
0	only 2mb (enough for normal duty)
0	only 2mb (enough for normal responsibility)
1	It takes pictures, easy to use
1	It takes pictures, easy to purpose
1	Excellent Picture Quality - Small Size
1	Excellent visualize Quality - Small Size
0	costly (initial and maintenance)
0	costly (initial and upkeep)
0	Long, confusing menu
0	tenacious, confusing menu
1	picture quality, ease of use
1	picture lineament, ease of use
0	Nothing.
0	nothing.
1	Tons of great features, easy to use, Bluetooth, sound quality, battery life
1	Tons of great boast, wanton to use, Bluetooth, sound quality, battery life
0	If immersed in water, it will probably cause damage
0	If immersed in urine, it will probably cause damage
0	Battery consumption is bad
0	Battery consumption is spoilt
1	Small size, great picture quality
1	Small sizing, great picture quality
1	large screen, nice LCD &quot;indiglo&quot;, superior reception
1	large screen, nice LCD &quot;indiglo&quot;, higher-ranking reception
0	The basics: reception, battery, and the ability to work
0	The basics: reception, battery, and the ability to play
1	Good value, good photos, simple to use
1	Good value, ripe photos, simple to use
0	1 way speaker(9100 only), awkward size, faceplates hard to change
0	I way speaker(9100 only), awkward size, faceplates heavily to change
0	delay button till shutter, medium battery life, 8mb CF included (1 tiff=9mb)
0	holdup button till shutter, sensitive battery life, 8mb CF included (1 tiff=9mb)
0	no reversible handle, 2 seat positions
0	no reversible deal, 2 seat positions
0	a little noisy, photo output a little too dark.
0	a little noisy, photo output a trivial too dark.
1	Lightweight, web-enabled, clarity, blt-in speakerphone, inexpensive
1	Lightweight, web-enabled, pellucidity, blt-in speakerphone, inexpensive
1	Built like a TANK
1	Built care a TANK
1	nice price
1	nice toll
1	Fairly fast printing for a small office use or personal laser printer.
1	clean fast printing for a small agency use or personal laser printer.
0	Takes a while to get familiar w/ camera features.  No AC adapter.
0	bring a while to get familiar w/ camera features.  No AC arranger.
1	AFFORDABLE, SLEEK
1	AFFORDABLE, slick
0	Needs a software upgrade...soon
0	need a software upgrade...soon
1	Tiny size, battery lasts and lasts, simple menus
1	lilliputian size, battery lasts and lasts, simple menus
1	Good price, easy to use for beginners
1	goodness price, easy to use for beginners
1	High quality materials, durable, easy to push, roomy, baby is completely enclosed in rear seat
1	High quality materials, durable, easy to push, roomy, baby is completely inclose in erect posterior
0	Stubby Antenna, Cost, Scratchable Case(reported)
0	Stubby Antenna, Cost, Scratchable subject(reported)
0	Words come out Smeared, Printing erros, Ink comes out fuzzy
0	language come out Smeared, Printing erros, Ink number out fuzzy
0	vibrate, voice name dialing
0	vibrate, voice epithet dialing
1	Good pictures
1	practiced pictures
1	Small and lightweight
1	little and lightweight
0	Burns batteries like the sun...
0	Burns batteries like the Sunday...
0	Limited battery life.
0	Limited battery biography.
1	Whisper-quiet, lovely print quality, relatively fast
1	Whisper-quiet, lovely print quality, relatively fasting
1	Many features, keyboard, color display, excellent quality sound, performance and design.
1	Many boast, keyboard, color display, excellent quality profound, performance and design.
1	External called ID, compact, extremely durable, great reception
1	External scream ID, compact, extremely durable, great reception
0	Lack of calendar
0	want of calendar
1	Price
1	cost
1	takes good up close pictures in the dark
1	necessitate good up close pictures in the dark
1	GPS, Direct Contect,Java,Very Large Screen
1	GPS, address Contect,Java,Very Large Screen
0	Slow in colour printing
0	Slow in gloss printing
1	advanced features, color
1	encourage features, color
0	fair quality, Limited # of Pictures before download
0	reasonable quality, Limited # of Pictures before download
0	not enough features
0	not adequate features
1	stated elsewhere
1	declared elsewhere
1	Easy to fold/unfold.  Appropriate for newborn infants to toddlers.  Stylish.  Roomy. High Quality
1	well-off to fold/unfold.  Appropriate for newborn infants to bambino.  Stylish.  Roomy. High Quality
0	Bad color quality, low res, getting the pictures out of the camera
0	Bad color quality, abject res, acquire the pictures out of the camera
0	Navigational buttons
0	navigational buttons
0	Lacks flexibility of SLRs and extreme small size of some point-and-shoots
0	deficiency flexibility of SLRs and extremum small size of some point-and-shoots
1	Good printer for the money. Sharp images.
1	Good printer for the money. Sharp figure.
1	Tiny, Light, Customizable ringtones, Ease of use
1	Tiny, short, Customizable ringtones, Ease of use
0	no antenna, can you say RADIATION?
0	no antenna, can you tell RADIATION?
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
1	Good sound, reception, and shelling life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone heavy phone book, transflash
0	Need steady hands,, Tiny controls
0	Need steady hands,, Tiny check
0	Drains batteries, no auto shutoff, lens not protected, NO MAC Support EVER !
0	Drains batteries, no auto shutoff, lens not protected, NO macintosh confirm EVER !
1	Unlimited storage
1	Unlimited entrepot
0	difficult to capture movement
0	difficult to capture motility
0	Heavy, not pretty looking, cheap ring tones,  screen scratches easily.
0	sullen, not pretty looking, trashy ring tones,  screen scratches easily.
0	slow to start printing, paper tray drops paper
0	slow to start printing, paper tray expend paper
0	Kind of slow 
0	Kind of behind 
1	size, battery, voice dial, speakerphone
1	size, battery, spokesperson dial, speakerphone
1	Keyboard, IM, GPS, camera, perfect for texters!
1	Keyboard, IM, GPS, camera, arrant for texters!
0	Programmed ringers suck (download your own), Wish Screen was in color
0	programme ringers suck (download your own), Wish Screen was in colouring
1	Compact and stylish.
1	contract and stylish.
1	Easy to use, Reliable, Inexpensive
1	Easy to function, Reliable, Inexpensive
1	Small, Good battery charge, easy to use
1	Small, beneficial battery charge, easy to use
1	works well
1	workings well
1	Multi-functional, easy to use
1	Multi-functional, easy to role
0	Hard to maneuver
0	Hard to direct
0	Odd button layout takes getting used to.
0	Odd button layout read getting used to.
1	Quiet, quick, great printing
1	Quiet, quick, capital printing
0	none come to mind
0	none hail to mind
0	Delicate, has broken a few times, lacks features like full recline, tray or cup holder.
0	ticklish, has disordered a few times, lacks have like full recline, tray or cup holder.
0	No color screen, some hard to figure out features, outside ringer control problem
0	No color screen, some hard to figure out sport, out-of-door ringer control problem
0	OK battery, odd key layout, sm incl. memory, no mp3
0	okey battery, odd identify layout, sm incl. memory, no mp3
1	Great text, image &amp; color quality, inexpensive, fairly fast
1	Great text, image &amp; color calibre, inexpensive, fairly fast
1	Innovative storage, some professional styling and photo features, zoom capability.
1	innovational depot, some professional styling and photo features, zoom capability.
1	Image Quality, Manual controls
1	Image character, Manual controls
1	Size, quality, and great pictures
1	Size, quality, and great word-painting
0	Poor quality camera.
0	piteous quality camera.
0	None as far as I can tell
0	None as far as iodin can tell
0	When wearing on a belt with a case (samsung) ,phone sometimes flips open.
0	When wearing on a whack with a case (samsung) ,phone sometimes flips overt.
0	None that I've found
0	None that I've receive
1	size, looks, classic interface
1	size, looks, Graeco-Roman interface
0	**too many to list - see above**
0	**too many to list - envision above**
0	Almost useless at night, poor picture quality
0	Almost useless at night, poor picture select
0	Inkjet Cost/Page, Miss Piggy power brick, no USB cable, OK text, S L O W
0	Inkjet Cost/Page, girl Piggy power brick, no USB cable, OK text, south L O double-u
1	Extremely good photo quality 1600x1200 !
1	Extremely honest photo quality 1600x1200 !
1	Easy to use, great navigation system, great color screen, outside display, stylish & sleek
1	easygoing to use, great navigation system, great colourise screen, outside display, stylish & sleek
1	call quality, battery, color screen, speakerphone
1	vociferation quality, battery, color screen, speakerphone
0	no zoom, short battery life
0	no zoom, short battery living
0	Flimsy case, stupid parallel/USB connections
0	Flimsy instance, stupid parallel/USB connections
0	A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
0	A chip bulky.  I truly can't think of much else!
1	Decent PPM, quality color, parallel or USB capable, nice options 
1	decent PPM, quality color, parallel or USB subject, nice options 
1	great battery life, hidden antenna, great camera, light, low price
1	outstanding battery life, hidden antenna, great camera, light, small price
0	high cost, unreliable
0	high-pitched cost, unreliable
0	None that I have found
0	None that I have encounter
0	Somewhat heavier than those cute little phones
0	Somewhat heavier than those cute little headphone
0	definitely not high-end
0	unquestionably not high-end
0	Poor reception due to internal antenna
0	Poor reception due to intimate antenna
1	everything
1	everything
1	Great design, mp3 player, 1.3megapixel camera, innovative touch screen interface, good presentation, speakers, bluetooth, lightweight,
1	great project, mp3 player, I.3megapixel camera, innovative touch screen interface, good presentation, speakers, bluetooth, lightweight,
0	Basket is not easy to get too! Needs a cup and bag holder for parents.
0	Basket is not leisurely to let too! Needs a transfuse and bag holder for parents.
1	SMOOTH operation, affordable, adjustable handle for short and tall people...a lifesaver!
1	SMOOTH operation, affordable, adjustable handle for forgetful and tall citizenry...a lifesaver!
0	No optical zoom, lens quality could be better
0	No optical zoom, lens quality could be estimable
1	many
1	many
0	Using screen eats batteries, manual seemingly written by gorillas
0	Using screen chuck batteries, manual seemingly written by gorillas
1	Functions well
1	subprogram well
0	Uses up batteries fairly quickly.
0	habit up batteries fairly quickly.
1	very easy to use
1	very sluttish to use
1	5-point harness, spill resistant fabrics, great wheels
1	5-point harness, spill resistant fabrics, great cycle
0	Lens cap design, too complex for the casual user
0	Lens cap design, too complex for the cursory user
0	None
0	none
1	great looking prints, fast, quiet
1	great looking prints, fast, unruffled
0	They aren't free..........
0	They aren't justify..........
1	Inexpensive, good pictures in good lighting conditions
1	Inexpensive, ripe pictures in good lighting conditions
1	Initial cost, print quality, print speed.
1	Initial cost, print character, print speed.
0	Original Color Ink Cartridge goes out fast
0	Original Color Ink Cartridge spell out fast
1	Good for scaring small children and a good gag gift.
1	soundly for scaring humble children and a good gag gift.
0	People will be jealous.
0	People will be green-eyed.
0	everything else
0	everything else
0	CF Card it shipped with... BOO
0	CF lineup it shipped with... BOO
1	Stunning color accuracy, unmatched by any other inkjet manufacturer; software easy to use.
1	stunning color accuracy, unmatched by any other inkjet manufacturer; software wanton to use.
1	Long Battery Life, Indiglo, Non-Flip-Style, Travel Charger, Feature-Packed
1	long Battery Life, Indiglo, Non-Flip-Style, Travel Charger, Feature-Packed
1	Good price, Good Quality
1	Good price, thoroughly Quality
1	Card reader,good copies.
1	Card reader,skilful copies.
1	Quality Photo production, easy software, versatility and innovative!
1	Quality Photo production, leisurely software, versatility and innovative!
1	3 Mpixel CCD, excellent zoom lense, outsanding picture quality in auto mode.
1	troika Mpixel CCD, splendid zoom lense, outsanding picture quality in auto mode.
1	Multi-use capabilities that meet all of my business needs
1	Multi-use capabilities that contact all of my business needs
0	Plastic body can break if dropped.  
0	Plastic body can offend if dropped.  
1	Good pictures. Nice feel and design.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Good movie. Nice feel and design.&amp;#xiii;&amp;#10;
0	battery life
0	barrage life
1	Compact, stylish, lightweight, and reasonably sturdy
1	contract, stylish, lightweight, and reasonably sturdy
0	Battery life
0	bombardment life
0	The phone is bulky and the antenna a bit flimsy.
0	The phone is bulky and the antenna a turn tenuous.
1	easy to use
1	gentle to use
1	Cute, portable; one-key vibrate; camera, video features; survives repeated falls
1	Cute, portable; one-key vibrate; camera, video sport; survives reprize falls
0	Verizon's replacement user interface.
0	Verizon's refilling user interface.
1	Versatility, Easy of Use, Functional
1	Versatility, Easy of utilisation, Functional
0	below average functions, inner/ outer screens terrible to read
0	below average functions, inner/ outer screens awful to read
0	Everything is controlled through the computer, no frills, PC ONLY
0	Everything is contain through the computer, no flounce, PC ONLY
1	Excellent performance
1	Excellent functioning
0	Software installation took a couple of attempts for me
0	Software installation lead a couple of attempts for me
0	cheap doesn't matter when you can't get any PICTURES out of it.
0	inexpensive doesn't matter when you can't nonplus any PICTURES out of it.
1	High resolution internal lcd, many features, expandable memory card
1	High resolution internal lcd, many features, expandable remembering card
1	Great value, easy to set up
1	great value, easy to set up
0	No zoom feature
0	no zoom feature
1	Small size, lots of features
1	Small size, administer of features
1	Ink cost, 2X printing.
1	Ink cost, 2X publish.
0	none really
0	none real
0	Tends to use ink quite fast therefore you need ink more.
0	Tends to purpose ink quite riotous therefore you need ink more.
1	Excellent design to this camera
1	splendid design to this camera
1	Voice activation technology is great; speaker quality is superb.
1	Voice activation technology is great; speaker tone is superb.
0	antenna, uncomfortable on holster
0	aerial, uncomfortable on holster
1	easy to fold, light, convenient, sturdy
1	easy to fold, light, commodious, sturdy
1	Star-Trekky look puts you in the 'cool' crowd
1	Star-Trekky feeling puts you in the 'cool' crowd
1	CDs convenient and high capacity, good macro mode/pictures, flexible pic size, easy to learn
1	CDs convenient and high capacity, right macro mode/pictures, flexible pic size, comfortable to teach
1	Good battery life, good reception, easy to use features
1	Good battery life, good reception, easy to use have
1	Easy, fun, VERY inexpensive data storage
1	Easy, play, VERY inexpensive data storage
0	haven't found one yet
0	haven't notice one yet
1	VERY inexpensive, excellent quality, Makes it easy for anyone to get into digital imaging
1	VERY inexpensive, excellent prize, Makes it prosperous for anyone to get into digital imaging
1	Good image quality, typical 2 megapixel &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Cheap storage
1	Good fancy quality, typical 2 megapixel &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Cheap reposition
1	small, light, cute
1	small, luminousness, cute
0	occasional blurred shot, absolutely, awful PC interface software called ZoomBrowser EX
0	occasional fuzzy shot, absolutely, awful PC interface software holler ZoomBrowser EX
1	manual mode is very powerful
1	manual mode is very right
1	Great print quality, laser-like speeds, low cost printer consumables.
1	bang-up print quality, laser-like speeds, low cost printer consumables.
0	Big. Like HUGE. The new P1000 is much smaller. No Mac driver, if you care about Macs.
0	bad. similar HUGE. The new P1000 is much smaller. No Mac driver, if you tutelage about Macs.
1	fast, inexpensive, easy to refill ink
1	fasting, inexpensive, easy to refill ink
0	hard to push and turn
0	hard to push and bout
0	The battery does not line up with the compartment.
0	The battery does not pedigree up with the compartment.
0	none to speak of
0	none to verbalize of
1	Small, lightweight, very usable.
1	diminished, lightweight, very usable.
1	wireless web capable, download ringtones & graphics capable, voice activated dialing, customized profiles for environments
1	wireless web able, download ringtones & graphics capable, voice activated dialing, customized visibility for environments
1	great quality, no film or developing costs
1	great quality, no movie or developing costs
0	None
0	none
1	Quite fast, cheap ink costs.
1	Quite fast, tawdry ink costs.
1	Low price, outstanding print quality
1	moo price, outstanding print quality
0	Sucks Battery Power VERY quickly
0	absorb Battery Power VERY quickly
1	Size, Shape, Smell, Taste, Feel
1	Size, mould, Smell, Taste, Feel
1	games, size, colors, basically everything
1	back, size, colors, basically everything
0	none
0	none
0	No auto paper feeder for feeding paper to be into scanner, to be faxed.
0	No machine paper feeder for course paper to be into scanner, to be faxed.
0	Batteries, WAP/Net can be slow
0	Batteries, WAP/meshwork can be slow
0	Weak flash, delay between shots, 2x zoom
0	light flash, delay between shots, 2x zoom
0	none at this time
0	none at this clip
1	Low price, easy setup, works well with Mac OS 10.2
1	lowly price, easy setup, works good with Mac OS 10.2
0	Does not come with a cable to connect to your computer
0	do not come with a cable to associate to your computer
1	little voices, box, ease
1	little voices, loge, ease
1	Ease of use, works with many prepaid services, low price.
1	Ease of use, works with many prepaid serve, scummy price.
1	everything but cost!
1	everything but price!
0	Can't hold the camera sideways when shooting movies, No zoom in MPEG mode
0	Can't defy the camera sideways when pip movies, No zoom in MPEG mode
0	vague battery indicator, camera has no flash
0	vague battery indicator, camera has no fanfare
0	Weak and cheap
0	Weak and gimcrack
0	Cost
0	be
0	uses up ink cartridge fast
0	usance up ink cartridge fast
1	Easy to use, dependable, inexpensive
1	sluttish to use, dependable, inexpensive
1	Great features, good price.  10X zoom - more than any camera even after three years.
1	Great features, secure price.  10X zoom - more than any camera even after deuce-ace years.
0	Runs through ink fairly quickly
0	campaign through ink fairly quickly
0	Expensive ink, slowish printing, complicated setup.
0	Expensive ink, slowish printing, complicate setup.
1	See Review Above
1	date Review Above
0	bad for anything not close-up
0	unsound for anything not close-up
0	None that I see!
0	None that I watch!
0	Expensive, terrible UI, poor soundquality
0	Expensive, terrible UI, pitiful soundquality
1	Crystal Clear Sound
1	Crystal brighten Sound
0	batteries run low fast
0	batteries discharge low fast
1	Durablility.
1	Durablility.
0	Noisy.  Won't take heavy card stock.
0	Noisy.  Won't demand heavy card stock.
0	Bulky.
0	bulky.
1	Nice Text Output, Decent Photo Output on Canon Paper
1	Nice Text Output, nice Photo Output on Canon Paper
1	Price, ease of use
1	Price, relief of use
1	Up to Large format paper, fade resistant dyes and papers, fast, quiet, 6 color printing
1	Up to Large format paper, fade resistant dyes and papers, debauched, tranquillize, 6 discolor printing
1	Small
1	little
1	Cheap
1	bum
1	Rich feature set, bluetooth, camera w/video, strong signal
1	Rich feature fixed, bluetooth, camera w/video, strong signal
0	cheap built, battery life, speaker not loud enough
0	meretricious built, battery life, speaker not loud enough
0	Notorious for failing weeks to months after purchase
0	Notorious for failing hebdomad to months after purchase
1	slow
1	wearisome
1	BIG color screen, durabilty, sleek, light, flip, external display
1	prominent color screen, durabilty, sleek, light, flip, external display
0	Large, Ink-Jet Cartridges Expensive
0	Large, Ink-Jet cartridge Expensive
0	8 Meg card too small, Close up fuzzy. Flash and battery life is poor
0	8 Meg add-in too small, Close up fuzzy. tawdry and battery life is poor
1	3x Optical Zoom, Excellent Picture Quality, Awesome Battery Life.
1	3x Optical Zoom, fantabulous Picture Quality, Awesome Battery Life.
0	1.3m pixels will be outdated in about a month
0	ace.3m pel will be outdated in about a month
1	Good
1	practiced
0	None whatsoever
0	none whatsoever
1	Well built, easy to turn and fold, Attractive.
1	Well built, easy to turn and congregation, Attractive.
0	Display issue, missing features of newer phones
0	Display outcome, missing features of newer phones
0	Poor quality pics.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Flash poor.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Long wait between shots.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Customer service is horrible.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	pathetic quality movie.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;gimcrack poor.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Long expect between shots.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Customer service is horrifying.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	None.
0	none.
1	large format
1	declamatory format
0	Ummm... not the Coolpix 4500?!  Let me try to think of a better con...
0	Ummm... not the Coolpix 4500?!  Let me sample to think of a expert con...
0	Somewhat bulky, comes with small memory stick
0	Somewhat bulky, comes with small memory bond
0	Price. (you are paying for style)
0	Price. (you are paying for manner)
1	high resolution-1984 x 1488, solar panel for sunlight and battery life,other battery saving functions,USB &amp;amp; serial port connections,nice zoom-optical &amp;amp; digital, takes CompactFlash memory cards up to 128 mg
1	high resolution-1984 x 1488, solar venire for sunlight and battery life,other battery saving functions,USB &AMP;amp; serial port connections,gracious zoom-optical &amp;AMP; digital, consider CompactFlash memory cards up to 128 milligram
0	Too slow for sports, zoom not that hot, no protective filter
0	Too sluggish for sport, zoom not that hot, no protective filter
1	Ease of use, easy to understand
1	Ease of use, easy to infer
0	Slow processing, complicated menus, Not very durable design
0	sluggish processing, complicated menus, Not very durable design
1	It was part of a package deal
1	It was part of a package care
0	Hard to get, high priced, average LCD brightness, poor CF door design.
0	Hard to stimulate, high price, average LCD brightness, poor CF door design.
1	Fully reclines, large seating area, soft fabric...well known name.
1	Fully reclines, large induct area, soft cloth...well known name.
0	You pay for the size.
0	You give for the size.
1	great external speaker ,plays mp3 ringtones ,good camera ,has gprs and mms
1	great external talker ,romp mp3 ringtones ,good camera ,has gprs and mms
1	Easy to carry, just point and shoot
1	Easy to carry, just level and shoot
0	Very slow processor, awkward to hold, poor quality overall
0	Very slow processor, awkward to maintain, poor quality overall
0	Jams/uses a lot of ink
0	Jams/uses a hatful of ink
0	Battery life is average, low-resolution camera
0	Battery living is average, low-resolution camera
1	2x digital,3x optical,IBM 340meg micro-drive, 1.8&amp;quot; TFT display
1	2x digital,3x optical,IBM 340meg micro-drive, 1.viii&amp;quot; TFT presentation
0	Yellowish Screen, Picture Noise, Bad Zoom Increments
0	Yellowish Screen, Picture Noise, sorry Zoom Increments
1	nice look, durable,big canopies for both,easy fold up
1	nice look, durable,vainglorious canopies for both,easy plication up
1	Sleek design, light-weight, clarity, great colors, external caller ID
1	Sleek design, light-weight, lucidity, great colors, external caller ID
1	Fun at first, looks nice, polyphonic ring tones a plus
1	Fun at first, looks nice, polyphonic knell tone a plus
0	n/a
0	nitrogen/a
1	Olympus lens,light weight,small size, great pictures, lots of features.
1	Olympus lens,light weighting,small size, great pictures, luck of features.
1	Price, Quality, USB
1	Price, select, USB
0	slow, only &amp;quot;ok&amp;quot; quality
0	slow, only &AMP;quot;ok&amp;quot; quality
1	Light and fun!
1	unclouded and fun!
0	Very poor user interface, nagging time delay on motion shots
0	Very poor user interface, nagging metre delay on motion dig
1	Convenient printing from your digital camera memory card and a good price
1	commodious printing from your digital camera memory card and a estimable price
0	Pause between button push and shot
0	Pause between button thrust and shot
0	Mediocre user interface; lacks the panache of other Verizon phones
0	Mediocre exploiter interface; deficiency the panache of other Verizon phones
1	It's a printer...
1	It's a pressman...
1	Sexy hardware, nice screen, great form factor
1	Sexy hardware, nice screen, great physique factor
1	decent printing
1	comely printing
0	Bulky
0	bulky
0	it wasn't worth that much
0	it wasn't deserving that much
1	Multi-band and multi-mode phone
1	Multi-band and multi-mode telephone
0	Purple does not print well.
0	empurpled does not print well.
0	to short for doing the ear-to-shoulder tuck without dropping the phone
0	to scant for doing the ear-to-shoulder tuck without dropping the earpiece
1	Nice outer design, great feel, solid physically.  GREAT battery life
1	Nice KO'd design, nifty feel, solid physically.  GREAT battery life
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of role...
1	The Stylus C80 prints very fast colors do not run together the prints dry quickly
1	The Stylus C80 prints very fast colouration do not function together the prints prohibitionist quickly
1	*Voice recording.&#13;&#10;*Strong vibration .&#13;&#10;*Small size .&#13;&#10;*Shortcut button .
1	*Voice recording.&#xiii;&#x;*Strong vibration .&#13;&#10;*Small size .&#13;&#10;*Shortcut button .
0	if you review your photos often the battery does run out quick
0	if you review your picture often the battery does bunk out quick
0	Weird form, Pricey, Camera needs work
0	Weird form, Pricey, Camera necessarily work
1	Camera, Speakerphone, Voice commands, nice screen, Verizon has great service.
1	Camera, Speakerphone, Voice control, nice screen, Verizon has big service.
1	Good RF Performance.
1	estimable RF Performance.
1	Loads of features, superb speaker phone, battery life
1	oodles of features, superb speaker phone, battery life
1	-Clarity
1	-lucidity
1	None
1	none
0	printer software better on the Cannon
0	printer software undecomposed on the Cannon
1	Inexpensive, built in flash, easy to set up
1	Inexpensive, built in flash, easy to coiffure up
0	Ink heads clog if not used every week, but it's easily corrected.
0	Ink head clot if not used every week, but it's easily corrected.
1	Easy Function Modes
1	light Function Modes
0	a little big, have to buy two batteries
0	a little enceinte, have to buy two batteries
0	somewhat bulky design
0	fairly bulky design
1	Features, size, speakerphone
1	Features, sizing, speakerphone
0	INFORMATION IN THE INSTRUCTION MANUAL CAN BE LIMITED.
0	INFORMATION IN THE INSTRUCTION MANUAL CAN BE limit.
1	Accepts quite large format paper and prints using nearly all the space
1	Accepts quite large arrange paper and prints using about all the space
0	Short battery life, lack of optical view finder
0	Short battery life, lack of optical scene finder
0	difficult indoor photos
0	hard indoor photos
1	Small. Stylish. Nice little extras
1	belittled. Stylish. Nice little extras
1	Allows floppy disk usage
1	Allows diskette disk usage
0	Oversleeps...Full 45 seconds to print after first print command.
0	Oversleeps...Full forty-five seconds to print after inaugural print command.
0	Bulky and Noisy
0	bulky and Noisy
1	In general, this is a light, reliable, cheap no-frills phone. Good audio quality and reception.
1	Indiana general, this is a light, reliable, loud no-frills phone. Good audio prize and reception.
0	Bulky, expensive, suffers in low light
0	Bulky, expensive, suffers in blue light
1	Low price and operating cost, very good text, fast
1	Low price and control cost, very good text, fast
0	overall clarity of pictures
0	overall clarity of movie
1	You can always fine HP to be a reliable product.
1	You can always alright HP to be a true product.
1	Large Screen, Camera Features+Flash, Second Battery
1	Large Screen, Camera Features+Flash, indorsement Battery
1	Works in Europe
1	go in Europe
1	Tri-band + GPRS + FastInfraRed = ideal phone for businesspeople and travelers
1	Tri-band + GPRS + FastInfraRed = ideal earpiece for businesspeople and travelers
0	Side buttons, Bad reception, Dropped calls
0	slope buttons, Bad reception, Dropped calls
0	Not 35 mm quality, price. 
0	Not 35 mm quality, cost. 
0	None that I found, so far.
0	None that I find, so far.
0	Too many settings require going through menus on the LCD
0	Too many settings require passing through card on the LCD
1	Price, size, durability
1	terms, size, durability
0	Color printing a bit slow
0	semblance printing a bit slow
1	4 mega pixles, battery life, clear images. 
1	4 mega pixles, shelling life, clear images. 
1	Tiny (stealth), high-quality photos.
1	Tiny (stealth), high-quality photograph.
1	Compact; rugged; comfortable to hold; quality construction
1	constrict; rugged; comfortable to hold; quality construction
1	Good price, easy to use, pretty good quality, software easy to use
1	Good price, easy to use, pretty salutary quality, software slowly to use
0	Long set up time, complicated directions, not Windows compliant; cable not included.
0	Long pose up meter, complicated directions, not Windows compliant; cable not included.
0	No LCD, No Video Out, Batteries
0	No LCD, No Video prohibited, Batteries
0	hard to find
0	hard to retrieve
0	slow picture taking
0	tiresome picture taking
1	It look nice and small enough to carry around in pocket but has poor functionality.
1	It look prissy and small enough to transmit around in sack but has poor functionality.
0	See text below
0	ensure text below
1	Really slick design, terrific display, bluetooth, no disabled features
1	Really silklike design, terrific display, bluetooth, no disabled features
1	lots of features
1	band of features
1	small, cool and perfect companion for wireless folks
1	small, cool and perfective companion for wireless folks
0	I wish there were more normal ringers!
0	I bid there were more normal ringers!
1	High resolution and fast printer for a great price.
1	High resolution and fast printer for a corking price.
0	Not realistic.
0	not realistic.
1	price! usb hookup, simple setup, great when used with ink refiller sets
1	price! usb hookup, simple setup, majuscule when victimized with ink refiller sets
0	none to complain of !
0	none to kick of !
1	Backlight
1	Backlight
1	Uses floppy disk, battery life, simple to use.
1	apply floppy disk, battery life, simple to use.
0	only supports Type I CF cards
0	only patronize Type I CF cards
1	PTT is great, provider service is good.
1	PTT is great, provider overhaul is good.
1	Cool LCD, fair picture quality, TWAIN interface
1	Cool LCD, funfair picture quality, TWAIN interface
0	the copier feature dosen't work well with pictures, then agian it is grayscale...
0	the copier feature dosen't forge well with characterisation, then agian it is grayscale...
0	saving numbers is a task
0	saving count is a task
1	none
1	none
0	Where's the software?, Ring Tones, Voice Dialing
0	Where's the software?, Ring spirit, Voice Dialing
0	Small Display, Non Wap
0	small-scale Display, Non Wap
0	Not fast, not particularly cheap to run
0	Not fast, not particularly cheap to work
0	No talkie on base, voice command somewhat interprative, &#13;&#10;leather case = dumb.
0	No talkie on basis, voice command somewhat interprative, &#13;&#10;leather case = silent.
0	Maybe a little noisy, takes up a little more space than I'd like.
0	Maybe a minuscule noisy, necessitate up a little more space than I'd like.
0	Ink prices
0	Ink price
1	Cheap, Fast
1	tatty, Fast
1	Excellent printing for this price.
1	excellent printing for this price.
1	6x Optical zoom; Great quality; Movie mode; Lightweight 
1	6x Optical zoom; keen quality; Movie mode; Lightweight 
0	None
0	none
0	Slow download without separate drive
0	Slow download without sort drive
1	simple to use, has most of the necessary features
1	simple to utilize, has most of the necessary features
0	none that I can see at this time.
0	none that I can find at this time.
1	Cheap
1	trashy
1	High Quality Printouts, Cheap, Durably
1	High Quality Printouts, tawdry, Durably
1	High quality, easy to use, reliable
1	High quality, easy to utilization, reliable
0	Very pricey
0	Very high-priced
1	Excellent print quality in black and white as well as color
1	first-class print quality in smuggled and white as well as color
1	A great all in one machine for the small office!!
1	adenine peachy all in one machine for the small office!!
0	Another different memory card
0	Another different storage card
1	Very Comfortable to use
1	Very Comfortable to function
0	Battery life, Must read manual, Must remove lens cap, Small 8MB memory card.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;      supplied
0	Battery life, Must read manual, Must take lens cap, minuscule 8MB memory card.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;      append
0	You get what you paid for.
0	You catch what you paid for.
0	High price, bad with low lighting conditions, average image quality
0	High price, bad with miserable alight conditions, average image quality
1	Good picture quality
1	beneficial picture quality
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to role
1	Compact, Light, and Easy to Use
1	Compact, illumination, and Easy to Use
0	Ink could be a little cheaper.
0	Ink could be a little punk.
0	Toner cartridges are a little pricey.
0	Toner cartridges are a little pricy.
0	Digital viewfinder (not optical), manual options, software
0	Digital viewfinder (not optic), manual options, software
0	Setup was difficult.
0	setup was difficult.
1	&lt;b&gt;TINY SIZE, GREAT IMAGE QUALITY&lt;/B&gt;
1	&lt;b&gt;midget SIZE, GREAT visualise QUALITY&lt;/B&gt;
0	Goes through batteries kind of fast with the LCD on
0	fling through batteries kind of loyal with the LCD on
1	Fits through doors, lightweight, easy to fold
1	match through doors, lightweight, easy to fold
1	decent print quality came with my pc for free easy to use
1	decently print quality arrive with my pc for free easy to use
0	Pricey, expensive cartridge
0	Pricey, expensive magazine
1	Truly compact, 3.2 MP, Excellent video capture, Solid construction
1	Truly compact, terzetto.2 MP, Excellent TV capture, Solid construction
1	Sleek, small, durable
1	Sleek, low, durable
0	No optical zoom, no a/c adapter, slow shutter
0	No optical zoom, no a/c adapter, easy shutter
0	Not a very 'solid' feel, but of course this is nit-picking
0	non a very 'solid' feel, but of run this is nit-picking
1	Small, lightweight, easy to slip into a shirt pocket
1	Small, lightweight, easy to chemise into a shirt pocket
1	Free, Seems to have lots of features, if you can get them to work.
1	Free, Seems to have stack of features, if you can flummox them to work.
1	Good size. Easy interface.
1	dear size. Easy interface.
0	Battery consumption,not many features
0	Battery consumption,not many sport
1	much better than a 35mm, ease of operation, plenty of features, great clarity on the LCD screen
1	much respectable than a 35mm, ease of operation, lot of features, outstanding clarity on the LCD screen
1	Photo quality, many features, manual control, AA batteries
1	Photo quality, many features, manual command, AA batteries
1	See pics before you save/print/email
1	See pics before you keep/print/email
1	Using the Private Ready, I can ALWAYS get through to my husband.
1	Using the Private Ready, iodine can ALWAYS gravel through to my husband.
0	Battery; No WAP; no PC synch
0	bombardment; No WAP; no PC synch
1	many features, great pics, design, resolution choices, great macro and MORE
1	many features, great pics, design, resoluteness choices, groovy macro and MORE
1	Prints beautifully!
1	Prints attractively!
0	Terrible NT/Windows 2000 drivers
0	Terrible NT/Windows 2000 driver
1	Quiet, fast, nice print quality
1	Quiet, fast, nice mark quality
0	Could not find the ink cartridges at COSTCO.
0	Could not determine the ink cartridges at COSTCO.
0	a little expensive
0	a footling expensive
1	Combo Palm/phone, reasonably integrated--what could be better?
1	Combo Palm/phone, reasonably integrated--what could be wagerer?
1	Poor troubleshooting help.
1	wretched troubleshooting help.
1	Camera/Video.
1	Camera/telecasting.
0	Packed with annoying features - try before you buy
0	packed with annoying features - try before you buy
1	durable, lightweight, easy to handle, converts from infant to toddler stroller
1	perdurable, lightweight, easy to handle, converts from infant to bambino stroller
0	Semi-slow printing
0	Semi-slow impression
1	Good print quality
1	dear print quality
1	fast &amp; clear printing
1	fast &amp; earn printing
0	poor battery and ring volume
0	pathetic battery and ring volume
1	all feature in one
1	all characteristic in one
1	Quality pictures, lithium-ion battery, zoom
1	Quality show, lithium-ion battery, zoom
1	good for all types of files and formats, easy to use
1	honest for all types of files and formats, easy to usance
0	drains batteries quickly
0	drains barrage quickly
0	Many
0	many
0	The ringer tones. Selection isn't great but you can download different sounds.
0	The ringer tones. excerption isn't corking but you can download different sounds.
0	no zoom, slight delay after taking pic, should have lithium batteries for best life
0	no zoom, slight check after taking pic, should have lithium batteries for best aliveness
1	A lot of features for the price.
1	A band of features for the price.
0	TENDS TO JAM; A BIT SLOW AS QUALITY INCREASES
0	TENDS TO press; A BIT SLOW AS QUALITY INCREASES
1	Fast, easy software installation, DuraBright water resistant ink.
1	Fast, easy software initiation, DuraBright water resistant ink.
0	Freezes/Locks-up. Poor Battery Life.
0	Freezes/Locks-up. Poor Battery life.
1	light, ease of use, great photo quality
1	light, ease of habit, great photo quality
0	A delay in shutter snap.  Waiting for it to start up.
0	A detain in shutter snap.  Waiting for it to showtime up.
0	Power runs out fast &amp; need to replace a new battery.
0	powerfulness runs out fast &amp; motive to replace a new battery.
0	black ink cartridge dries out fast
0	mordant ink cartridge dries out fast
0	Didn't want to charge!  Poor reception.
0	Didn't want to mission!  Poor reception.
0	not great resolution, IT BROKE!
0	not swell resolution, IT BROKE!
1	Quick, great color, great picture.
1	Quick, great semblance, great picture.
1	High quality printouts (text &amp;amp; graphics), fast
1	High tone printouts (text &amp;amp; graphics), fast
0	Flimsy paper tray arrangement
0	flimsy paper tray arrangement
0	Expensive, heavy, small baskets
0	Expensive, heavy, small basketful
0	range not so good
0	range not so estimable
0	not the best reception
0	not the serious reception
1	Memorystick Duo slot, digital camera, big screen, PC synch, MP3 player, jog dial button, Bluetooth.
1	Memorystick Duo slot, digital camera, giving sieve, PC synch, MP3 player, lope dial button, Bluetooth.
1	Cheap
1	trashy
1	Quiet, Nice Output, High Ink Quality
1	Quiet, Nice Output, High Ink lineament
0	Photos less quality than expected.
0	Photos less calibre than expected.
1	Clearest phone I ever had!
1	Clearest earpiece I ever had!
0	Costly ink cartridges, noisy. Waste much ink in cleaning heads
0	pricey ink cartridges, noisy. Waste much ink in cleaning caput
1	Photo Quality Prints
1	Photo Quality print
1	A lot of memory
1	A administer of memory
0	poor clarity
0	pitiable clarity
1	High resolution, low price
1	High resolution, scummy price
1	Great color display!  Small, sleek, very light - nice phone!! Free online downloads!
1	cracking color display!  Small, sleek, very light - nice phone!! liberal online downloads!
1	CompactFlash, USB, has flash, great outdoor image quality, good for web or beginner
1	CompactFlash, USB, has heartbeat, great out-of-door image quality, good for web or beginner
1	Fantastic, bright lens, intuitive controls (for most-used features), great picture quality
1	Fantastic, bright lens, intuitive operate (for most-used features), great photograph quality
0	A little too awesome
0	A footling too awesome
1	Small, 3x optical zoom, intuitive controls.
1	modest, 3x optical zoom, intuitive controls.
1	All the features, fantastic battery, light
1	All the features, fantastic battery, loose
0	Lame ringtones. Don't like button arrangement.
0	gimpy ringtones. Don't like button arrangement.
1	lightweight, easy to use, very cute
1	lightweight, easy to employ, very cute
1	Cheap...mine was free. easy to install. USB connection. XP friendly.
1	garish...mine was dislodge. easy to install. USB connection. XP friendly.
1	Pricing, Image Quality, Dimensions, USB-port, CF-slot, Flash, WebCam
1	Pricing, Image Quality, Dimensions, USB-port, CF-slot, ostentate, WebCam
1	Text Quality &amp;amp; Price
1	Text Quality &A;amp; Price
0	Battery life, no repetitive snapshots
0	Battery aliveness, no repetitive snapshots
0	EVF hard to see in low light, weak lens cap, always resets frame numbering
0	EVF severe to realize in low light, weak lens cap, always resets frame numbering
0	Battery life
0	Battery lifetime
0	Substandard image quality, confusing software
0	Substandard image quality, befuddle software
1	Size, solid construction, looks, performance, features
1	Size, solid construction, depend, performance, features
1	It prints pretty good
1	It prints pretty respectable
1	solid construction, versatile, great reception and clarity, comprehensive manual
1	solid construction, versatile, great reception and lucidness, comprehensive manual
1	Color, polyphonic ringtones, downloadable applications.
1	Color, polyphonic ringtones, downloadable diligence.
1	Excellent features
1	excellent features
1	lightweight, compact, easy to fold/open, looks good.
1	lightweight, compact, easy to fold/open, looks dependable.
1	small, compact, fast start, great pictures, metal body, great LCD
1	small, compact, fast start, enceinte pictures, metal body, cracking LCD
0	Horrible weak antenna. Get it wet and it dies
0	Horrible weak antenna. gravel it wet and it dies
1	5 MegaPixel, 8x Zoom, lots of features, accessories, and more pros than I can list
1	5 MegaPixel, 8x Zoom, deal of boast, accessories, and more pros than iodin can list
0	HEAVY
0	gravid
1	Full auto or control of photographs with stunning quality
1	Full auto or curb of photographs with stunning quality
1	Battery life, utility, construction.
1	Battery spirit, utility, construction.
0	Funtion
0	Funtion
0	Menus could be more intuitive and no so deep
0	Menus could be more intuitive and no so deeply
0	battery monster
0	battery colossus
1	Size, Price, Resolution, Menu Layout
1	Size, toll, Resolution, Menu Layout
0	Not so perfect LCD
0	Not so complete LCD
1	Lightweight, intuitive interface, long battery life, loaded with features, great price
1	Lightweight, intuitive interface, farseeing battery life, flush with features, great price
1	four separate cartridges, price, Photo Capture Center, 250 paper capacity, flat bed color scanner
1	four secernate cartridges, price, Photo seizure Center, 250 paper capacity, flat bed color scanner
1	AMAZINGLY compact with 2 MP, 3X optical zoom, Very fast
1	AMAZINGLY thickset with 2 MP, 3X optical zoom, Very riotous
1	Excellent image quality, easy to use, stylish design
1	Excellent icon quality, easy to use, stylish design
1	ergonomics, keypad feel, good reception, display is very good
1	ergonomics, keypad feel, good reception, display is very right
1	Ease of use, good quality flash pictures, good menus for setup
1	allay of utilisation, good quality flash pictures, good menus for setup
0	screen is somewhat "blocky"
0	sort is somewhat "blocky"
0	None
0	none
0	Paper jams, noisy, goes through ink pretty fast.
0	Paper jams, noisy, belong through ink pretty fast.
0	... most fall short of the promise.
0	... most fall shortsighted of the promise.
1	Ink cartridges easy to refill saving $$$. works fast. This is a work hog.
1	Ink cartridges slow to refill saving $$$. works profligate. This is a work hog.
1	Very easy to use -- you an figure it out without the manual.
1	Very easygoing to use -- you an reckon it out without the manual.
0	Only comes with a 8MB Compact flash card and no rechargable batteries or AC adapter.
0	but comes with a 8MB Compact jiffy wag and no rechargable batteries or AC adapter.
0	The dock is separate
0	The dock is disjoined
0	The quality is terrible and it's a waste of money. 
0	The quality is horrendous and it's a dissipation of money. 
0	No USB cable available, you have to get a serial to USB converter.
0	No USB cable available, you have to pose a sequent to USB converter.
0	none
0	none
0	um... it didn't WORK (at least not very well)
0	um... it didn't study (at least not very well)
1	Inexpensive,good creative software,
1	inexpensive,good creative software,
1	Great size, great design, good reception
1	Great size, great design, good response
0	Scan and copy quality are VERY poor. Cannot scan photos printed on Kodak paper.
0	Scan and transcript character are VERY poor. Cannot scan photos printed on Kodak paper.
1	It is cool, speakerphone, options, size, bluetooth, sound
1	It is cool, speakerphone, options, size, bluetooth, good
1	Fast, high-quality output at an affordable rate!
1	degenerate, high-quality output at an affordable rate!
1	reversible handle, 4 locking wheels, bootie for cold weather
1	reversible handle, quadruplet locking wheels, bootie for cold weather
1	Amazing design, sleek interface, camera, planner, audio, video, 500 contact list, internet browser, swerve cam
1	Amazing aim, sleek interface, camera, contriver, audio, video, 500 adjoin list, internet browser, swerve cam
0	Not east to find good accessories.
0	Not east to rule good accessories.
1	Cheap
1	brassy
1	Easy to use, takes great pictures. 
1	Easy to use, takes great painting. 
1	Tons of functions, small, strong vibrate function
1	Tons of functions, small, strong vibrate routine
1	size, detail, construction
1	size, detail, building
1	Very easy to use, takes wonderful Photos&amp;#13;&amp;#10;highly recommended.
1	Very tardily to use, withdraw wonderful Photos&amp;#13;&amp;#10;highly recommended.
0	BATTERIES........AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
0	bombardment........AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
1	Convenient, easy to use, good photos
1	Convenient, easy to consumption, good photos
0	NiMH Batteries, AC adapter not included.
0	NiMH Batteries, AC transcriber not included.
0	Image quality not as good as some other brands, cheap feel to body.
0	paradigm quality not as honest as some other brands, cheap feel to body.
1	A work horse, at a fair price...
1	A sour horse, at a fair price...
1	weight, convenience using disks, instant playback
1	weight, convenience habituate disks, instant playback
0	A little heavier & bulkier than the others, No time-syncing???
0	A little impenetrable & bulkier than the others, No time-syncing???
0	None...
0	none...
1	No need to carry 2 items (PDA & phone); wireless web that is useful
1	No take to comport 2 items (PDA & phone); wireless web that is useful
0	No USB support.. only syrup-slow serial
0	No USB support.. only syrup-slow successive
0	Battery life, Bulky size, Camera resolution
0	Battery spirit, Bulky size, Camera resolution
0	Nothing yet...
0	naught yet...
1	Very good print quality, good speed
1	Very good print quality, just speed
1	inexpensive, good quality fotos, olympus name
1	inexpensive, good quality fotos, olympus gens
1	Ergonomically sound. , Great "beater" camera., Ease.of functionality
1	Ergonomically sound. , cracking "beater" camera., Ease.of functionality
0	no dc input, usb connection only, no picture effects
0	no dc input, usb connection only, no characterisation effects
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
0	A few fairly pocket-size hiccups
0	Image quality is so-so. No flash.
0	Image calibre is so-so. No flash.
0	Inoperable in Cold Weather
0	Inoperable in insensate Weather
1	It's an HP
1	It's an horsepower
0	No cons that I've encountered!
0	No hustle that I've encountered!
1	Perfect for the family photographer starting with digital, a simple point and shoot
1	perfect for the family photographer starting with digital, a simple detail and shoot
0	First few batches shipped with bad software
0	kickoff few batches shipped with bad software
0	$25 - $35 for a replacement ink cartridge
0	$25 - $35 for a renewal ink cartridge
1	Speed of printing, high quality graphics and text, price
1	accelerate of printing, high quality graphics and text, price
0	It needs reliable batteries, not cheap ones.
0	It needs dependable batteries, not cheap ones.
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
1	real music ringers, mp3 histrion capability, big screen
0	Battery life is limited.
0	Battery life is define.
1	Sliver housing, lens cover, small, only 6.5oz, picture quality, and price.
1	Sliver housing, lens deal, small, only 6.5oz, video quality, and price.
1	LIGHTWEIGHT, easy to get in and out of trunk, narrow
1	LIGHTWEIGHT, well-fixed to produce in and out of trunk, narrow
1	Very good quality output for the price
1	Very beneficial quality output for the price
1	fast, high resolution, no smear, cost
1	fast, high resolution, no smear, price
0	Difficult to support on an enterprise level.
0	Difficult to patronize on an enterprise level.
0	Only just fits through doors, no storage, not suitable for a newborn
0	Only just scene through doors, no storage, not suitable for a neonate
1	highest quality, easy to use, good design
1	highest quality, easy to utilisation, good design
0	the noise
0	the randomness
1	Great color print quality.  Can print directly from digital camera flash cards.
1	Great color print timbre.  rear print directly from digital camera flash cards.
1	never drops calls, great reception
1	never drops calls, gravid reception
0	Too long of a delay to take picture.
0	overly long of a delay to take picture.
0	Incredibly expensive.
0	incredibly expensive.
0	Relatively high SAR
0	Relatively gamy SAR
0	Eats batteries. Memory could be bigger.
0	chow batteries. Memory could be bigger.
0	Needs Windows 98 at least and USB Ports.
0	penury Windows 98 at least and USB Ports.
1	low price
1	scummy price
1	good for rough drafts only
1	good for uncut drafts only
1	Fast, reliable, great quality, lots of extras.
1	Fast, reliable, great quality, bunch of extras.
0	None
0	none
0	expensive replacement cartaridges
0	expensive replenishment cartaridges
1	Inexpensive, perfect for text printing
1	Inexpensive, consummate for text printing
1	Ease of use, features, quality
1	relaxation of use, features, quality
1	beauty, ease of use, safety
1	beauty, ease of use, rubber
0	It ain't a $1600 Olympus!
0	IT ain't a $1600 Olympus!
0	VERY NOISY!, B&amp;W ink cartridge emptied quickly, setup not as easy as others
0	VERY NOISY!, Bel&amp;W ink cartridge emptied quick, setup not as tardily as others
0	scratches show as case is colored on the external surface. No dedicated alarm clock.
0	moolah show as case is colored on the external surface. No dedicated alarum clock.
0	High speed shots blurry, short battery life
0	High speed shots blurry, myopic battery life
0	No lens cover. LCD viewfinder can be hard to see under certain conditions.
0	No lens incubate. LCD viewfinder can be hard to see under sure conditions.
0	I dislike the Navi button
0	I dislike the Navi push
0	battery life terrible, cheep junk
0	battery spirit terrible, cheep junk
1	Two recline seats and a matching car seat included.
1	Two recline backside and a matching car seat included.
0	Poor low light/indoor picture quality.
0	Poor low light/indoor video quality.
0	Bad battery life
0	tough battery life
0	bulky, poor battery life, screen not visible in sunlight
0	bulky, misfortunate battery life, screen not visible in sunlight
1	Metal flip, slightly smaller than 3500, sounds better, bigger phone book
1	Metal flip, slightly smaller than 3500, sounds good, great phone book
1	Laser quality @ non-laser price!
1	Laser choice @ non-laser price!
1	Indiglo display backlight, sleek design, solid features, speakerphone.
1	Indiglo display backlight, sleek design, firm features, speakerphone.
0	Uninspiring design, rather short navigation nub, 256 colors isn't enough
0	Uninspiring aim, rather short navigation nubble, 256 colors isn't enough
1	So far the pictures I've taken has amazed me on how clear they are
1	So far the impression I've taken has amazed me on how absolved they are
1	Excellent macro quality for 35mm slide copying.  Relatively small size. 
1	Excellent macro lineament for 35mm slide copying.  Relatively little size. 
0	Poor signal reception, weak vibration
0	Poor signal reception, fallible vibration
0	Speed &amp; only supports USB.
0	Speed &amp; only support USB.
1	Removable memory stick easy to get to. Takes printable quality pics.
1	Removable memory stick slowly to pose to. Takes printable quality pics.
0	The review is all about this.
0	The reassessment is all about this.
1	wide variety of print types and papers
1	wide salmagundi of print types and papers
1	Easy to use
1	easygoing to use
0	Slow on a parallel port
0	Slow on a latitude port
0	other cameras have better resolution, and do better in low light
0	other cameras have adept solving, and do better in low light
1	Battery life, sound quality, display
1	Battery life, sound lineament, display
1	quality, ease of use
1	quality, ease of purpose
1	1 minute digital videos with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact and durable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	1 minute digital television with sound&amp;#13;&AMP;#10;summary and durable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	None Observed
0	None observed
1	Fantastic pictures, saves money over the long run, instant gratification
1	Fantastic figure, saves money over the long pass, instant gratification
1	Image sharpness -  ergonomy - price for value
1	Image sharpness -  ergonomy - price for prise
0	Zooms crap, but then if you wanted a zoom you'd have bought the EX-Z3.
0	Zooms horseshit, but then if you wanted a zoom you'd have purchase the EX-Z3.
1	compact and stylish, nice color screen, lots of bells and whistles,very easy to use
1	compact and stylish, nice color screen, loads of bells and whistles,very slowly to practice
0	Power button, voice recording errors...
0	Power button, voice recording mistake...
0	None
0	none
0	See Review
0	see Review
0	Had to load the print driver three times before it worked properly.
0	bear to shipment the print driver three times before it worked properly.
1	Free, Works good
1	devoid, Works good
1	laser fax is cheaper, fair quality, flatbed fax
1	laser fax is cheaper, fairly quality, flatbed fax
0	A little too big, some problems with 3d party apps, bugs, stylus problems
0	A little too self-aggrandizing, some problem with 3d party apps, bugs, stylus problems
0	- limited functionality with EX series speedlights&amp;#13;&amp;#10;- poor low light focus
0	- limited functionality with EX series speedlights&amp;#13;&amp;#10;- poor first light stress
0	Speed is a bit leisurely.
0	Speed is a bite leisurely.
0	bulky
0	bulky
0	Can't change the faceplates, battery-life could be longer...
0	Can't change the faceplates, battery-life could be foresightful...
1	Great price, good image quality, easy to use
1	Great price, proficient image quality, easy to use
0	Noisy, costly, grainy plain paper printouts, ease of changing cartridges
0	Noisy, costly, grainy sheer paper printouts, informality of changing cartridges
0	Loud, off brand cartridges have clogging problem, reset after running out of paper
0	forte, off stain cartridges have clogging problem, reset after running out of paper
1	Easy to use, great outdoor pics.
1	Easy to use, heavy outdoor pics.
1	Smooth, quite, good ink economy, great photo quality, and great price.
1	Smooth, quite, good ink economy, heavy photo timbre, and great price.
0	Not an ergonomic keyboard, SIM-locked in my case
0	Not an ergonomic keyboard, SIM-locked in my incase
0	No Speakerphone, should be compatible with new Verizon VCAST
0	No Speakerphone, should be compatible with novel Verizon VCAST
0	May need accessories, camera starting to show age
0	May want accessories, camera starting to show age
1	Excellent quality, options and ease of use with a good price.
1	Excellent quality, options and simplicity of employment with a good price.
0	paper feeds from the top
0	paper feeds from the meridian
1	6-in-1 card reader, copy or print photos without computer, overall good quality
1	6-in-1 card reader, copy or print photo without computer, overall respectable quality
0	Change out cartridges for black/color, slow
0	switch out cartridges for black/color, slow
1	Great all-around digital camera, cool looking, macro focus, fun!
1	expectant all-around digital camera, cool looking, macro focus, fun!
0	price
0	Price
0	Color Print Speed is Slow, Cannot Hold Color and Black Ink Cartridge in at the Same Time
0	distort Print Speed is Slow, Cannot take Color and blackness Ink Cartridge in at the Same Time
0	ok quality
0	OK quality
1	size, styling, 2 color LCD screens, camera controls, voice sound quality +++
1	size, styling, 2 color LCD screenland, camera control, voice sound quality +++
0	Could look better, saves phone numbers to phone memory (not on SIM) by default
0	Could look practiced, saves phone bit to phone memory (not on SIM) by default
0	No advance features and no lens protector
0	No advanced features and no lens protector
0	That dastardly voice command button! And the color display eats battery life!
0	That dastardly voice command clit! And the color display feed battery life!
0	Not worth mentioning
0	Not worth advert
1	ease of setup, use, very good quality
1	ease of setup, consumption, very good quality
1	Beautiful picture quality
1	Beautiful picture caliber
0	Price, constant maintenance
0	toll, constant maintenance
1	Nice price, great phone book, good voice memo recorder, feature rich
1	Nice price, corking phone book, dependable voice memo recorder, feature rich
0	uneasy LCD button
0	uneasy LCD push
0	slow focusing, small displays
0	slacken focusing, small displays
0	hard to hook up to your computer
0	heavily to hook up to your computer
1	Great Picture Quality and White balancing system,  Very inexpensive with rebate
1	Great characterisation Quality and White balancing system,  rattling inexpensive with rebate
0	cannot send text messages, only 9 ringing choices and most of them are annoying.
0	cannot send text messages, only 9 border choices and most of them are plaguey.
1	lots of features, totally hands-free capabilities
1	Lot of features, totally hands-free capabilities
1	great price, high quality prints, great outputs on all kinds of paper, etc etc etc.
1	great damage, high quality mark, great outputs on all form of paper, etc etc etc.
0	I don't see any but some may say the print speeds.
0	i don't meet any but some may say the print speeds.
0	Have to have lens cap opened to view pictures on display mode.
0	stimulate to have lens ceiling opened to view pictures on display mode.
0	Slim line battery makes you have to charge your phone EVERY DAY!
0	Slim occupation battery makes you have to institutionalize your phone EVERY DAY!
0	Screen not pretty, sometimes hangs mid-call
0	Screen not jolly, sometimes hangs mid-call
1	Lots of great features, compact in size, Minolta reliability
1	dozens of great features, compact in size, Minolta reliability
1	Inexpensive Printer 
1	Inexpensive printer 
0	Awful Phone
0	Awful ring
0	Only thing is it's a bit expensive, but WELL worth it!
0	just thing is it's a bit expensive, but easily worth it!
1	Good price / quality ratio, Sturdy design
1	Good price / quality ratio, Sturdy purpose
0	short battery life
0	unretentive battery life
0	Shutter lag
0	Shutter incarcerate
0	Technical difficulties/price/GSM only/does not work well indoors
0	Technical difficulties/terms/GSM only/does not bring well indoors
0	Terrible Web interface, No games or calculator, No voice-activated dialing, no speakerphone
0	Terrible Web interface, No biz or reckoner, No voice-activated dialing, no speakerphone
1	lightweight, small, headset compatible, travel charger included
1	jackanapes, small, headset compatible, travel charger included
1	Excellent software, bright screen, great reception, powerful battery, very light, Bluetooth, InfraRed, etc
1	Excellent software, bright screen, dandy reception, powerful battery, very faint, Bluetooth, InfraRed, etc
1	Smooth ride, easy folding
1	Smooth ride, wanton folding
0	Format compatibility - issues with EPS files
0	Format compatibility - consequence with EPS files
0	very expensive, not for a novice
0	very expensive, not for a beginner
1	Very small,lite, and stylish. Decent signal and battery life.
1	Very small,lite, and stylish. decent signal and battery animation.
1	&lt;b&gt;Babies will be crusin in his baby&lt;b&gt;
1	&lt;b&gt;cosset will be crusin in his mollycoddle&lt;b&gt;
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
0	the keys start to skuff the body, badly design.
1	very small, light weight, durable, reliable, flashy.
1	very small, light weight, indestructible, reliable, flashy.
1	Very good camera with versatile lens attachments, built in flash system.
1	Very dear camera with versatile lens attachments, built in flashy system.
0	kind of pricy
0	kind of costly
1	Prints nicely and quickly, Affordable price
1	Prints nicely and quickly, affordable price
0	Holding was awkward at first, not anymore
0	admit was awkward at first, not anymore
1	easy to use, video out, lcd and traditional viewfinders
1	easy to habit, video out, lcd and traditional viewfinders
1	Ease of use, call clarity, neat "extra features"
1	Ease of use, vociferation clarity, neat "extra features"
0	8 mb memory stick, no camera bag, short battery life, somewhat pricey
0	8 mb memory baffle, no camera bag, short battery life, reasonably pricey
1	Convenient, quick, high quality.
1	Convenient, nimble, high quality.
1	The cost
1	The price
0	SUCKS,SUCKS, SUCKS!!!!!!!!!
0	SUCKS,draw, SUCKS!!!!!!!!!
1	speed, ease of transport to PC, quality of pictures, worth the difference
1	speed, ease of transport to PC, timbre of depiction, worth the difference
1	Fun and Functional
1	playfulness and Functional
1	Good Picture Quality,Floppy recording,Great Zoom
1	Good icon Quality,Floppy recording,Great Zoom
0	Large footprint, Win2000 buggy,no cables
0	Large footprint, Win2000 dotty,no cables
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	heavy cover for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	Good quality printer in a compact case.
1	Good quality printer in a compact vitrine.
1	The Phone is Small, Clear, Durable (I've dropped it...), and Easy to Use.
1	The Phone is Small, Clear, Durable (I've discharge it...), and Easy to habituate.
1	ease of use, quality, price
1	ease of use, character, price
1	lightweight but sturdy, quick and easy to use
1	lightweight but sturdy, quick and well-heeled to use
0	none
0	none
1	Great battery life and highly affordable
1	cracking battery life and highly affordable
0	rubber cover over usb port, lens cover seems poorly constructed, slow shutter release, 
0	rubber cover over usb port, lens cover seems poorly constructed, behind shutter freeing, 
0	Can't think of any
0	Can't conceive of any
0	Noisy when operating
0	Noisy when function
1	cheap, also works in Linux, currently easy to find
1	cheap, also knead in Linux, currently easy to find
0	ink vanishes, poor support, noisy, cheap for a reason
0	ink vanishes, poor tolerate, noisy, cheap for a reason
1	Negligible lag time when powering up the camera, long battery life.
1	Negligible lag time when powering up the camera, prospicient bombardment life.
1	Great quality pictures, fast download speed, fast loading speed, great features.
1	Great quality pictures, fast download speed, tight loading speed, majuscule features.
1	Excellent print quality, adjustable settings to photo quality for people, nature, etc.
1	Excellent print select, adjustable settings to photo timber for people, nature, etc.
1	Small size, extremely sleek and cool, hi tech
1	Small size, passing sleek and cool, hi tech
1	Does everything that you need a digital camera to do. Stills,movie mode close ups
1	Does everything that you necessitate a digital camera to do. distillery,movie mode airless ups
1	Nice all-in-one package; Great features
1	Nice all-in-one package; smashing features
0	No optical zoom, port covers flimsy, flash needs recharging time, limited options
0	No optical zoom, port extend flimsy, ostentate needs recharging time, limited options
0	As others said, slow to start and noisy.
0	As others said, slowly to start and noisy.
1	Small size, stylish, lots of features for the price
1	Small size, stylish, piles of features for the price
1	Huge Color Display, Big Outer Screen, Design, Weight, Battery Life, Features
1	Huge Color Display, cock-a-hoop Outer Screen, aim, Weight, Battery Life, Features
1	Cute, cheap, good battery life
1	Cute, cheap, commodity battery life
1	*Superb Image Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Easy to Use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Quality, Materials&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Bright LCD&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Strong Battery
1	*Superb trope Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#decade;*Easy to role&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Quality, Materials&A;#13;&AMP;#10;*Bright LCD&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Strong Battery
0	Might be a little slow,getting ready to print. I only added this because it's required to put in something
0	Might be a little tiresome,mother ready to print. I only added this because it's needed to commit in something
1	Small size, prints good copies
1	Small size, prints secure copies
0	Price, flash, is just a point a shoot.
0	Price, dash, is just a point a shoot.
1	Very fast, quiet printer
1	Very dissolute, quiet printer
1	Cheap
1	inexpensive
1	High resolution, low cost
1	High resolution, down cost
0	Voice dialing for only 20 entries, price
0	Voice dialing for only twenty entries, price
0	Battery life
0	Battery aliveness
0	No two sided attachment
0	No two sided fastening
1	small, lightweight, luminated keypad
1	lowly, lightweight, luminated keypad
1	nothing worthy
1	nil worthy
1	Fast, excellent print quality.
1	degraded, excellent print quality.
1	Easy to use
1	well-off to use
0	no out of camera charger
0	no out of camera courser
1	GREAT PHOTO QUALITY!!! six color inks, ALL SOFTWARE WORKS ON MAC OS X
1	GREAT PHOTO QUALITY!!! six color inks, ALL SOFTWARE workings ON MAC OS ex
0	sometimes phone freezes up, have problems hearing through the phone when talking to someone
0	sometimes phone freezes up, have problems hearing through the earpiece when sing to someone
0	Poor indoor pictures, close ups, and flash.
0	Poor indoor pictures, close ups, and tatty.
1	B&amp;amp;W Print speed, Low Cost, Paper feeding
1	b&amp;amp;wolfram Print speed, Low Cost, Paper feeding
0	Can be a little slow when put into &amp;quot;Best&amp;quot; mode
0	Can be a picayune deadening when put into &amp;quot;Best&amp;quot; mode
0	Seems to be a crapshoot whether they work.
0	Seems to be a crapshoot whether they crop.
0	poor design, only Kodak can repair it.
0	poor design, only Kodak can reanimate it.
0	I cannot think of any.
0	single cannot think of any.
0	Loud. Tall.
0	garish. Tall.
0	White balance when using flash delivers pictures having a bluish cast.
0	White balance when using newsbreak delivers show having a bluish cast.
1	cute design, downloadable ringers and wallpaper
1	cute purpose, downloadable ringers and wallpaper
0	clunky and awkward to carry
0	clunky and clumsy to carry
0	Goes thru batteries like a hot knife thru butter. Grainy pics of far objects.
0	become thru batteries similar a hot knife thru butter. Grainy pics of far objects.
1	easy to use,  good quality pictures, uses standard diskettes
1	easy to use,  right quality pictures, uses standard diskettes
1	decent quality
1	comely quality
0	Setup - possible hitch.
0	Setup - possible hindrance.
1	Superb picture quality, ease of operation
1	Superb picture lineament, ease of operation
0	fast mode is marginally noisy.
0	quick mode is marginally noisy.
1	Color, Options
1	Color, option
1	Takes great pictures &amp;amp; is easy to use
1	Takes great pictures &amp;amp; is easy to usance
0	no sound with mpeg movie mode
0	no sound with mpeg movie manner
1	Cheap
1	punk
1	Performance, Price, Bonus Software, Top is flat so you can stack stuff on it!
1	Performance, Price, Bonus Software, Top is categoric so you can mess stuff on it!
0	Sometimes, too fast. (I don't know if that's a con)
0	Sometimes, too fast. (1 don't know if that's a learn)
1	nice little and durable phone
1	nice little and durable call
0	Expensive, Awkward to fold, hard to turn, very small basket
0	Expensive, Awkward to fold, hard to play, very lowly basket
0	Jams a lot; jams are difficult to re-start
0	occlude a lot; jams are difficult to re-start
0	use the special paper when printing images
0	utilisation the special paper when printing images
1	Outstanding Photo's, Inexpensive
1	outstanding Photo's, Inexpensive
0	bulky and hard to maneuver when closed
0	bulky and tough to maneuver when closed
1	Great LCD, 3x zoom, comact, lightweight, and durable
1	Great LCD, 3x zoom, comact, lightweight, and long-wearing
0	Belt Clip accessory isn't comfortable
0	Belt Clip add-on isn't comfortable
0	Slow or difficult low light focusing, Manual focus lag, No PC Socket?
0	Slow or difficult low light focusing, Manual sharpen incarcerate, No PC Socket?
0	Horrible Phone Book (not alphabetized), Weak Calendar/Scheduler
0	Horrible Phone Book (not alphabetized), weak Calendar/Scheduler
0	bulky, a few extraneous features
0	bulky, a few extraneous feature
1	Easy use, flash, 3 1/2&amp;quot;&amp;quot; floppy, rechargeable battery, zoom, viewing screen
1	prosperous use, wink, 3 1/2&amp;quot;&ampere;quot; floppy, rechargeable battery, zoom, viewing screen
0	Dial-back feature available only on the i1000plus
0	Dial-back characteristic available only on the i1000plus
0	not as good as the PowerShot S10
0	not as full as the PowerShot S10
0	not the best hardware
0	not the estimable hardware
0	Poor night and lowlight pictures. 
0	Poor night and lowlight image. 
1	easy to download, needs no extra cables to connect to your PC
1	easygoing to download, demand no extra cables to connect to your PC
0	none
0	none
1	Nice looking, clear screen.
1	Nice search, clear screen.
0	More complicated control panel
0	More complicated ascendance panel
0	None
0	none
0	No off/on button
0	No off/on clit
0	Battery life is 1 day with minimal use after 1 Year.
0	Battery life-time is 1 day with minimal utilisation after 1 Year.
1	Very Nice Printer, Exceptional Speed
1	Very Nice pressman, Exceptional Speed
0	Margins are larger than expected.
0	Margins are expectant than expected.
0	Drifts into analog mode more than startacs, pricey
0	Drifts into analog mode more than startacs, dear
1	Easy to use...many functions at the clik of a finger...
1	well-heeled to manipulation...many functions at the clik of a finger...
1	Big dpi , good price, doesn't take up much room.
1	braggart dpi , good price, doesn't take up much room.
0	Ink runs out quickly.
0	Ink footrace out quickly.
0	Price, and memory cost
0	toll, and memory cost
1	Highly customizable, excellent feature set, compact size.
1	Highly customizable, excellent feature set, thick size.
0	not for pros, no included adapter or case, digital zoom lacks definition
0	not for pros, no included adapter or eccentric, digital zoom lack definition
0	Requires USB support, no USB cable supplied.
0	Requires USB corroborate, no USB cable supplied.
1	Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
1	beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
1	Easy to operate, plug n play.
1	Easy to manoeuvre, plug n play.
1	Normal layout, easy to use, 2 battery types
1	Normal layout, well-situated to use, 2 battery types
0	Looks & size.  FIRMWARE ISSUES.  Occasional system "crash".  Durability?
0	spirit & size.  FIRMWARE ISSUES.  Occasional system "crash".  Durability?
0	Stroller squeaks sometimes
0	Stroller skreak sometimes
1	looks good, has speakerphone, decent music quality
1	await good, has speakerphone, decent music quality
1	EXIF support, separate ink tanks, separate ceramic print head, usb or parallel interface
1	EXIF support, freestanding ink tank, separate ceramic print head, usb or parallel interface
0	No MP3 player.  Must remove battery to access MMC card.
0	No MP3 musician.  Must remove battery to accession MMC card.
1	Big screen. PDA and Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
1	bragging screen. PDA and Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
0	Modest resource of cartridges, not available Postscript
0	pocket-sized resource of cartridges, not available Postscript
0	Sound is not all that good on videos or pictures with audio.  
0	level-headed is not all that ripe on videos or pictures with audio.  
0	Names by buttons on front of printer a little hard to read.
0	Names by buttons on front of printer a little heavy to scan.
1	price point
1	price manoeuver
0	should come with a charger for your vehicle
0	should derive with a charger for your vehicle
0	Pricey. 
0	pricey. 
1	no monthly payment
1	no monthly defrayal
1	Easy to use; lots of bells/whistles
1	Easy to use; tons of bells/whistles
1	High quality output. good speed for quality. compact supply costs are now reasonable
1	High prize output. good hotfoot for quality. compact supply costs are now reasonable
1	impressive macro capability, feature rich, really nice shots!
1	impressive macro capability, boast rich, really nice shots!
0	sprint coverage, sprint sms, sprint service, and no camera
0	sprint coverage, sprint sms, sprint serve, and no camera
0	Expensive, Heavy, "Industrial" Look.
0	Expensive, sound, "Industrial" Look.
1	Color quality and ease of use
1	Color quality and ease of utilisation
1	Great Camera for the Price
1	nifty Camera for the Price
1	It's a color Palm! Crisp clear, lots of features.
1	It's a color Palm! Crisp readable, lots of features.
1	Extremely capable camera, high image quality, accurate colors, fast.
1	Extremely capable camera, high image quality, accurate colors, degraded.
0	like everything else
0	wish everything else
1	cheap
1	meretricious
1	Color and text quality great, intuitive software, useful tech support website, small footprint
1	Color and text quality great, intuitive software, useful tech tolerate website, low footprint
0	Nothing that would keep me from buying it again.
0	Nothing that would restrain me from buying it again.
0	a little bulky
0	a fiddling bulky
1	ADF(automatic document feeder)Text
1	ADF(reflexive document feeder)Text
1	great photo quality, uses floppys to store pictures, easy to use
1	groovy photo calibre, uses floppys to store pictures, easy to use
1	Sturdy after being dropped.
1	Sturdy after being shed.
0	Long; Needs a More User Friendly Menuing System
0	Long; need a More User Friendly Menuing System
1	Good Bargain, Pretty Good Pictures
1	Good Bargain, middling Good Pictures
0	Camera is a bit heavy.  Flimsy lens cap.
0	Camera is a number heavy.  Flimsy lens cap.
0	none yet
0	none even
0	Lens cover not attached by a cord, so could be easily lost.
0	Lens covert not attached by a cord, so could be easily doomed.
1	Very fast and ink efficient, Decently priced, Great photo quality 
1	Very fast and ink efficient, Decently priced, Great photograph calibre 
1	Compact.  Good pictures.  
1	Compact.  ripe pictures.  
1	Amazing Features, Great Battery, Voice recorder, great sounding easy to use phone!
1	stupefy Features, Great Battery, Voice recorder, great fathom easy to use phone!
1	AA batteries, Compact Flash media, LCD screen, auto focus
1	AA batteries, compress Flash media, LCD screen, auto focus
0	Videos are grainy, camera is still a bit thick, and battery could last longer.
0	Videos are grainy, camera is still a bit fatheaded, and battery could net longer.
1	Flip phone, scratches less, nice visual
1	impudent phone, scratches less, nice visual
0	None
0	none
0	Weak Flash, Eats Batteries (get NiMh rechargables)
0	Weak flashing, Eats Batteries (get NiMh rechargables)
0	Very noisy and shaky when printing
0	Very noisy and shaky when print
1	Quick, unbelievable color photos.
1	Quick, unbelievable color picture.
0	The batteries run away very fast.
0	The batteries carry away very fast.
1	Digital, affordable, small, reliable
1	Digital, affordable, diminished, reliable
1	Clear, great reception, cute ringtones, GPS capabilities.
1	unmortgaged, great reception, cute ringtones, GPS capabilities.
1	Price, Speed, Cost of Maintenance, Performance
1	Price, Speed, Cost of care, Performance
1	small,very high quality pictures,great at time exposure, very good micro
1	minuscule,very high quality pictures,great at time exposure, very near micro
1	Easy To Use &amp;amp; Setup, Not Expensive For Ink Jet Refill Cartridges
1	slow To Use &amp;AMP; Setup, Not Expensive For Ink Jet Refill Cartridges
0	The manual operations aren't great.
0	The manual operations aren't expectant.
0	Ink replacement can be a bit expensive.
0	Ink replacement can be a fleck expensive.
1	Small size, high quality printable images
1	Small size, high timbre printable images
1	Compact, good screen resolution
1	concordat, good screen resolution
1	lightweight and fairly compact
1	lightweight and fairly concordat
1	it is very easy to use simple instructions
1	it is very easy to manipulation simple instructions
1	Low Cost
1	low Cost
1	Comfy and functional
1	Comfy and operable
0	Many Paper Jams, A Long wait on pictures
0	Many Paper Jams, axerophthol Long wait on pictures
1	Great picture quality, ease of use, LCD display.
1	Great picture quality, ease of enjoyment, LCD display.
0	Antenna breaks easily
0	Antenna demote easily
0	No Flash, Limited use in the dark. 
0	No Flash, Limited function in the dark. 
0	Everything about it.
0	Everything about it.
1	Print, scan, and copy all in one machine. Easy to use like a pro.
1	Print, scan, and replicate all in one car. Easy to use like a pro.
0	PC Sync is somehow hard to use, no expansion port, fingerprints easily,
0	PC Sync is somehow intemperate to use, no expansion larboard, fingerprints easily,
1	Super Fast Incredible Print Quality
1	Super Fast Incredible Print prize
1	form factor, weight, dimensions, large screen, great battery, good bluetooth
1	constitute factor, weight, dimensions, large screen, bully battery, good bluetooth
0	no analog zoom, no external flash connect options, battery life
0	no analog zoom, no external heartbeat connect options, barrage life
0	dull text
0	damp text
1	Clean, fast entry level printer.
1	Clean, fast entry tier printer.
1	Ease of use.
1	Ease of function.
1	Fast printing speed in black and white.
1	Fast printing speed in blackness and white.
0	It is a real time/money waster
0	It is a real meter/money waster
1	Excellent camera that has lots of controls and takes very good pictures
1	excellent camera that has lots of controls and takes very expert pictures
1	Ultra small, good battery life
1	Ultra diminished, good battery life
1	Reception, text message software, uses sim cards, battery life
1	Reception, text message software, employ sim cards, battery life
1	Excellent photo quality, speed.
1	Excellent photo quality, hurry.
1	Flexibility, Price
1	Flexibility, toll
0	Paper jams, less than ideal paper tray snugness.
0	Paper jams, less than ideal paper tray coziness.
0	Cheap Quality
0	garish Quality
0	Send/end button combined
0	Send/end button coalesce
0	everything else
0	everything else
1	hands down the best for the buck: speed, resolution, quality
1	hands down the proficient for the buck: speed, resolution, caliber
0	Low battery life, quality of pictures, design
0	dispirited battery life, quality of pictures, design
1	Great images, software, and most of all great price for the quality.
1	Great picture, software, and most of all enceinte price for the quality.
1	Extremely fast TEXT printing; Separate Less Expensive Ink Cartridges; Completely closes when not in use
1	super fast TEXT printing; Separate Less Expensive Ink magazine; totally closes when not in use
1	Bluetooth Wireless Capability; Sleek, Durable Design
1	Bluetooth Wireless Capability; Sleek, Durable aim
1	Great bang for the buck and lightweight.
1	Great fringe for the buck and lightweight.
1	High quality, versatile, comfy for baby
1	High prize, versatile, comfy for baby
0	A little flimsy and manually dialing can be a bit difficult.&#9;&#9;
0	ampere little thin and manually dialing can be a bit difficult.&#9;&#9;
0	None
0	none
0	Paper loader needs some work.
0	Paper loader needs some ferment.
1	Macro lense allows photos as close as 3 inches.
1	Macro lense allows photos as end as 3 inches.
0	size, price, stylus, errors...
0	size, Price, stylus, errors...
1	Usability
1	serviceableness
1	captures great images
1	charm great images
1	Best of Breed. Successfully offers phone and palm functionality in a handy solution.
1	intimately of Breed. Successfully offering phone and palm functionality in a handy solution.
1	multi-functional
1	multi-functional
1	Super Easy of use, good value for the money,  takes good quality pictures
1	Super Easy of use, good value for the money,  takes proficient quality painting
1	Excellent sound, good list of features
1	Excellent sound, good name of features
1	Many seemingly nifty features
1	Many seemingly slap-up features
0	Initial outlay can be expensive compared to 35MM, Quality isn't as good as 35MM on enlagements, especially more than 8x10
0	Initial disbursal can be expensive liken to 35MM, quality isn't as dependable as 35MM on enlagements, especially more than 8x10
0	No color or photo printing.
0	No color or photo impress.
0	the phone doesn't fit against your face right,and the send and end buttons are reversed!!!
0	the phone doesn't equip against your face veracious,and the mail and end buttons are reversed!!!
0	Blurry Photos With No Memory Card 
0	Blurry Photos With No Memory posting 
1	Good quality inkjet printer and color copier
1	skilful quality inkjet printer and color copier
1	Outstanding image quality, features, USB connectivity
1	Outstanding image quality, lineament, USB connectivity
0	Have to have in manual mode for date imprint.  No other complaints!
0	have to have in manual mode for date impress.  No other complaints!
0	Battery Life, Buttons too low profile
0	Battery Life, Buttons too humble profile
1	Nice looking
1	courteous looking
1	cheap
1	flashy
0	Annoying paper jams.
0	irritate paper jams.
1	Compact and lightweight, menu likes on Windows, 28 languages of menu, good sound and sensitivity
1	constrict and lightweight, menu likes on Windows, 28 words of menu, good vocalise and sensitivity
1	very good picture quality for a 2.2 megapixel camera.Very,very easy to use.
1	very upright depiction quality for a 2.2 megapixel camera.Very,very easy to expend.
0	I CAN'T SEE ANY AT ALL!
0	i CAN'T SEE ANY AT ALL!
0	Paper Handling could be better.
0	Paper Handling could be practiced.
0	slow acting shutter button
0	slow acting shutter release
0	Speed, Ink Cartridge
0	hurry, Ink Cartridge
1	stylish and light, easy to use, full range of personalization
1	stylish and promiscuous, easy to use, full vagabond of personalization
1	Easy to use.
1	prosperous to use.
1	Light weight, easy to use for pro/amateur. Great color and resolution.  adjustable modes
1	lightly weight, easy to use for pro/amateur. Great colourise and resolution.  adjustable modes
1	4 MegaPixels, Ease of Use, Excellent color reproduction, advanced/pro features, price!
1	4 MegaPixels, Ease of utilise, Excellent color reproduction, upgrade/pro features, price!
0	Slow scanner.
0	dim scanner.
1	Great looking and excellent call quality
1	expectant looking and excellent call quality
0	slow
0	retard
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, great camera
1	Great ikon quality, easy to use, great camera
1	SLR feel, long zoom, macro, user-friendly
1	SLR experience, long zoom, macro, user-friendly
0	Memory stick = Too small, upgrade immeadiately
0	Memory pin = Too small, upgrade immeadiately
0	HASSLE HASSLE HASSLE and more hassle after that
0	HASSLE HASSLE rough-and-tumble and more hassle after that
1	good car seat, infant carrier
1	respectable car seat, infant carrier
1	Downloads & Design!
1	download & Design!
1	Best 270 dollar digital camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Update-on sale at $199,  a super deal 
1	easily 270 dollar digital camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Update-on sale at $199,  a exceedingly hand 
0	Slightly bulky and uncomfortable design, only 2X optical zoom, no macro mode
0	Slightly bulky and uncomfortable aim, only 2X optical zoom, no macro fashion
1	lightweight, compact, easy to steer, convenient
1	lightweight, thickset, easy to steer, convenient
0	the start up lag is a little excessive
0	the start up incarcerate is a little excessive
1	very nice looking
1	very nice depend
0	problems w/in the phone: too extensive menu, flimsy antenna, short battery life
0	problems w/in the phone: too extensive menu, flimsy antenna, brusque battery living
1	Very Very Lightweight
1	rattling Very Lightweight
0	Flip comes off, dropped calls, bad reception
0	flip comes off, dropped calls, bad reception
1	Easy to use, Aparture and Shutter Priority, and of course unlimited pictures.
1	soft to use, Aparture and Shutter Priority, and of naturally unlimited pictures.
0	Couldn't get printer to work with Windows 98 computer
0	Couldn't generate printer to work with Windows 98 computer
0	A little heavy...but not a huge con!
0	A little backbreaking...but not a huge con!
0	Two second wait before actual snapshot, Far away images not very good.
0	Two second postponement before actual snapshot, FAR away images not very good.
0	no zoom, no brace.....
0	no zoom, no dyad.....
1	Point &amp; shoot, easy transfer of pics
1	Point &amp; scud, easy transfer of pics
0	antenna doesn't extend/retract
0	antenna doesn't run/retract
0	A Combi, Can break if not careful, 3 point harness
0	A Combi, Can break-dance if not careful, 3 point tackle
1	Printer\scanner\copier\fax is perfect for the small business.
1	Printer\scanner\duplicator\fax is stark for the small business.
0	The price:  $999,  Also, it comes with PhotoDeluxe, not PhotoShop.
0	The price:  $999,  besides, it cum with PhotoDeluxe, not PhotoShop.
0	Volume doesn't get loud enough
0	Volume doesn't let loud enough
0	Its blowing competitors off the market!
0	Its flub competitors off the market!
1	Great features, convenient size
1	Great boast, convenient size
1	Extremely lightweight and compact, Easy to Use, Beautiful Photographs
1	exceedingly lightweight and compact, Easy to Use, Beautiful Photographs
1	color screens, individual ringtones, several #'s per entry
1	coloration screens, individual ringtones, several #'s per entry
0	Battery life needs to be extended (but still better than many competing phones).
0	Battery life inevitably to be extended (but still considerably than many competing phones).
0	no dedicated black cartridge with the photo cartridge, expensive ink
0	no consecrate nigrify cartridge with the photo cartridge, expensive ink
1	compact!
1	constrict!
0	could be faster with color.
0	could be fast with color.
1	Good picture quality and price
1	well picture quality and price
0	none so far
0	none so ALIR
1	warning the ink is running out
1	warning the ink is flow out
1	A great Speaker Phone - Moe than enough features
1	A great verbaliser Phone - Moe than enough features
1	Innovative Media Storage, Nice Photo features, Great Zoom and View Finder
1	Innovative medium Storage, Nice Photo features, Great Zoom and purview Finder
1	Beautiful look, easy navigation, slim
1	Beautiful tone, easy navigation, slim
0	Phonebook is a pain.
0	Phonebook is a botheration.
1	Good inexpensive camera.
1	dear inexpensive camera.
0	Terrible phone! Bad battery life, doesn't notify of messages, sometimes doesn't ring at all.
0	Terrible earpiece! uncollectible battery life, doesn't notify of messages, sometimes doesn't ring at all.
0	Can never have enough megapixels
0	tail never have enough megapixels
1	Speakerphone
1	speakerphone
1	Inexpensive
1	cheap
0	1.3 mp camera. Best with manual override for Low light. Software weak.
0	1.3 mp camera. sound with manual override for Low sluttish. Software weak.
1	Triband, user-friendly
1	Triband, user-friendly
1	Oh man...you want me to list them all?
1	OH man...you want me to list them all?
1	Small, Good Lens, Rechargeable Battery Supplied,Nice Design
1	Small, Good Lens, Rechargeable Battery Supplied,Nice innovation
1	great, reliable three-in-one machine, compact design
1	great, reliable three-in-one machine, compact contrive
0	cheap feel, crappy camera, speakerphone not clear/loud, antenna, voicedial cumbersome, batterylife
0	cheap feel, crappy camera, speakerphone not clear-cut/gimcrack, antenna, voicedial cumbersome, batterylife
0	Larger printer, slow printing with maximum dpi, doesn't come with a USB cable.
0	Larger printer, slow printing with maximum dpi, doesn't semen with a USB telegraph.
0	Footprint, Cost of  Replacement Ink Cartridge
0	Footprint, Cost of  surrogate Ink Cartridge
1	Crisp sound, fun games, excellent battery life
1	Crisp sound, fun games, excellent battery sprightliness
1	Print Quality, Print Quality, Print Quality!
1	Print prime, Print Quality, Print Quality!
0	Slow on graphics loaded pages, driver can cause problems
0	slow on graphics loaded pages, driver can cause problems
1	Great color printing, excellent paper handling, USB and serial capable (Mac)
1	Great colouration printing, excellent paper treatment, USB and serial capable (Mac)
0	no storage
0	no store
0	Too many performance issues (see detailed review).
0	Too many performance effect (see detailed review).
1	It's small, and it vibrates.  The games are updated with a bit of graphical enhancement.
1	It's small, and it resonate.  The games are updated with a chip of graphic enhancement.
0	Poor quality of manufacture, battery problems and weak signal rec.
0	Poor quality of fabricate, battery problems and debile signal rec.
1	Address book is accessible with cursor arrow. the navi key is a "current available function"
1	Address Koran is accessible with cursor arrow. the navi cardinal is a "current available role"
1	Nice print output, separate cartridges for each color
1	Nice print output, fork cartridges for each color
1	Small size
1	minor size
1	Tiny, light, solid, beautiful display, countless features
1	Tiny, light, solid, beautiful display, numberless features
0	No Linux support
0	No Linux endorse
0	Optical Viewfinder can be dark in low light, no automatic lens cover.
0	Optical finder can be dark in depression light, no automatic lens cover.
0	none that I can find
0	none that I can obtain
1	Size, Weight, Quality, PhotoStich S/W, &amp; Design. Did I mention size?
1	Size, Weight, select, PhotoStich S/W, &AMP; Design. Did I mention size?
0	Easy to loose!!!
0	gentle to loose!!!
0	can't download ringtones or new games.
0	can't download ringtones or new punt.
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
1	one charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  ripe keypad.
0	Too new for all stores to have ink cartridges, yet.
0	Too new for all storehouse to have ink cartridges, nevertheless.
1	Makes a decent paperweight during a light breeze
1	score a decent paperweight during a light breeze
0	no voice dialing, poor screen, buttons
0	no voice dialing, misfortunate screen, buttons
0	Flash blows everything out, no macro, poor LCD
0	Flash waste everything out, no macro, poor LCD
0	low memory for events.
0	downhearted memory for events.
0	Price, Price and Price, battery life.
0	price, Price and Price, battery life.
0	A bit on the annoyingly oversized side.
0	A sting on the annoyingly oversized side.
0	none that I've found
0	none that I've detect
1	Compact size, simple to use
1	Compact size, simple to utilization
0	useless small CF card included, access time slower with larger card
0	useless small CF card included, access clock slower with great card
0	INCREDIBLY short battery life, it's appearance, cheap feel.
0	INCREDIBLY short battery life, it's appearance, punk feel.
1	Beautiful, small, quality pictures
1	Beautiful, small, select pictures
0	Not Enough Optical Zoom, Very Bad Battery Options, Some Low Light Problems
0	Not Enough Optical Zoom, rattling forged Battery Options, Some Low Light Problems
1	camera, phone features, style
1	camera, phone features, fashion
1	Great pictures, a lot of features, compact, good built in screen
1	Great visualize, a lot of features, compact, good built in covert
0	Red Eye with flash.  
0	Red Eye with ostentate.  
0	PCS Vision service should be free. Downloads should also be Free.
0	PCS Vision service should be innocent. Downloads should also be unblock.
0	No digital info readout, some features buried in the menu
0	No digital info read-out, some features forget in the menu
0	See A Few Concerns , 
0	image A Few Concerns , 
0	Very long shutter lag, very long recovery from sleep mode
0	Very long shutter jug, very long recovery from sleep fashion
0	very vague instructions, pictures arent very high quality, not much memory
0	very vague education, image arent very high quality, not much memory
0	None, other than size of camera.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	None, other than size of camera.&amp;#XIII;&amp;#decade;
1	10X optical zoom, cheap memory.
1	10X optical zoom, brassy memory.
0	battery cover tends to wear of.
0	battery address tends to wear of.
1	Great battery life, Call quality is A1, Not terribly expensive
1	Great battery life, ring quality is A1, Not frightfully expensive
1	Fast, good printing for most applications
1	immobile, good printing for most applications
0	Ok construction, poor close up quality, HORRIBLE USER interface
0	Ok construction, poor close up quality, ugly USER interface
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to utilise
0	Pricey.
0	costly.
0	No video out, red eye, underpowered flash, no AF assist lamp
0	no video out, red eyeball, underpowered flash, no AF assist lamp
0	Battery life, limited flash ability.
0	Battery life, modified flash ability.
1	Construction, image quality, functions, manual mode, good macro, 16 mb included compact flash
1	Construction, image quality, functions, manual mode, unspoilt macro, 16 mb included press flash
0	The price might be the biggest turnoff!
0	The price might be the liberal turnoff!
0	heavy - awkward to fold up and basket hard to access.
0	punishing - awkward to flock up and basket hard to access.
1	quicktime video plus audio, 3.3 MP, top quality fit &amp; finish
1	quicktime TV plus audio, three.3 MP, top quality fit &amp; finish
1	Super Battery Life, Lightweight, Small
1	Super Battery Life, Lightweight, low
0	none
0	none
0	a bit spendy.
0	a snatch spendy.
0	It does not have a zoom lens
0	It does not have a zoom Lens
1	Laser-like quality, sample photo gloss paper included, LCD indicator, double paper feed tray
1	Laser-like quality, sample photo gloss report included, LCD indicant, double paper feed tray
0	Some problems getting used to manual mode features.
0	Some problems mother used to manual mode features.
0	Buttons stick out and might get damaged
0	Buttons lodge out and might get damaged
0	Antenna seems fragile when extended, musical tones aren't "super loud"
0	Antenna seems tenuous when expand, musical tones aren't "super loud"
1	Price, Style--it's Blue :)
1	Price, Style--it's blue-blooded :)
0	Uses color ink fairly quickly. Hard to find 860 ink refills on the staples.
0	Uses color ink jolly quickly. surd to find 860 ink refills on the staples.
0	not the best quality, but okay
0	not the skilful quality, but okay
1	Inexpensive (free!), bright backlight, compact size
1	Inexpensive (justify!), bright backlight, compact size
0	Low resolution text, pale color, slow
0	gloomy resolution text, pale color, slow
1	Design and color; MP3 player with external controls; 3G
1	project and color; MP3 player with external controls; 3G
0	uses batteries quickly
0	uses batteries apace
1	tv-out, webcam capable
1	tv-out, webcam open
1	Small Convenient Package
1	little Convenient Package
1	Very small and good print quality
1	Very small and good print timbre
1	Easy to use.  Great pictures for the price!
1	Easy to use.  peachy pictures for the price!
1	Quick, Handy, Lightweight
1	ready, Handy, Lightweight
1	Floppy media, optical zoom, Mpeg capability
1	Floppy media, visual zoom, Mpeg capability
1	For Those Who Like The Simplicity From A Digital Camera
1	For Those Who Like The simplicity From a Digital Camera
1	Low price, great output quality on coated paper, USB connectivity.
1	Low price, big output quality on coated newspaper, USB connectivity.
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	no analog mood, weak oscillation mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
1	PRICED RIGHT
1	PRICED properly
1	Good resolution and software, 3:1 optical zoom
1	goodness resolution and software, 3:1 optical zoom
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
0	slow, poor quality, misfortunate paper feed
1	Great graphics
1	bully graphics
1	Suburb photos, point and shoot, good battery life, excellent customer service, dummy proof.
1	Suburb photos, point and shoot, beneficial battery life, excellent customer service, booby proof.
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, boastfully screen
1	Compact size, easy to work around, alarm feature. NO CAMERA! Very durable...just ask the concrete!
1	Compact size, light to study around, alarm feature. NO CAMERA! selfsame durable...just ask the concrete!
0	No notification that lens cap is still on 
0	No notification that lens cap is lull on 
0	too many 
0	too many 
0	annoying beep, fluctuating reception strength, voice mail message announce, mind of its own
0	galling claxon, fluctuating reception strength, voice mail message announce, mind of its own
0	You get what you pay for...and you get alot
0	You contract what you bear for...and you get alot
1	price, top feed system
1	price, top fertilize system
0	Poor sound quality, bulky belt clip
0	Poor sound caliber, bulky belt clip
0	No software included for detailed editing, but some editing available on album page
0	No software included for detailed delete, but some editing available on album Page
1	Durable, Does all the basics well, decent service
1	Durable, Does all the BASIC well, decent service
1	Easy to use, it takes nice photos without the flash!
1	Easy to use, it need nice exposure without the flash!
0	Lacks Many Features
0	want Many Features
0	Can freeze up once in a while
0	keister freeze up once in a while
0	Very expensive cartridges.
0	identical expensive cartridges.
1	Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, Clear and Beautiful Ringtones
1	smart LCD Screen, External LCD, Clear and Beautiful Ringtones
1	Cheap, decent print quality, can you say DeskJet 930!
1	Cheap, decent print calibre, can you say DeskJet 930!
1	Great value for money if you are a reletive novice.
1	bang-up prise for money if you are a reletive novice.
0	Battery life not long enough
0	Battery life not prospicient enough
0	Paper jams more often than amount of prints made!
0	Paper jams more ofttimes than amount of prints made!
1	Flip style, voice activation
1	riffle style, voice activation
0	It goes through batteries fast, especially with the LCD display on.
0	It go through shelling fast, especially with the LCD display on.
1	Lots of Features, easy to use, great way to keep in touch
1	peck of Features, easy to use, great way to keep in partake
1	great value at a low price
1	great value at a blue price
0	Clunky image viewing software, short battery life with alkalines
0	Clunky visualise viewing software, short battery life with alkalines
0	cheap plastic, bad resolution, poor quility pics, zoom is horrible
0	chintzy plastic, bad resolution, poor quility pics, soar is horrible
1	Small reliable and backed up by Sony (at a premium price)
1	pocket-sized reliable and endorse up by Sony (at a premium price)
0	Bad longevity, and poor value for the money
0	unsound longevity, and poor value for the money
1	pretty screen with colors and looks attractive good battery life
1	pretty screen with discolor and looks attractive good battery lifespan
1	small, lightweight
1	pocket-size, lightweight
0	A bit too small. Feels a little flimsy.
0	A bit too small. Feels a piddling flimsy.
1	quality, size, reliability
1	select, size, reliability
0	eats batteries, no carrying case, only 4MB memory
0	eats batteries, no express case, only 4MB memory
0	Slightly less durable than expected.
0	Slightly less long-wearing than expected.
0	a little heavy &amp;amp; need 2 hands to steer
0	a little heavy &amp;amp; motivation 2 hands to head
0	None I can think of.
0	None one can think of.
0	price, slower focus
0	price, slower focalize
0	confusing feature selections and confusing camera reactions
0	confusing feature selections and obscure camera reactions
0	Vision is overhyped, slow, unstable,  significant browser errors
0	Vision is overhyped, tiresome, unstable,  significant browser errors
1	quick, compact, manual feed slot, price
1	quick, wad, manual feed slot, price
1	Features, image quality
1	Features, epitome quality
1	Clear Shots
1	unclutter Shots
1	clear pics, zoom, easy to use
1	realise pics, zoom, easy to use
1	Good quality photos
1	beneficial quality photos
1	Unbelievable speed. Stunning colour. Ease of set-up
1	Unbelievable speed. Stunning discolour. Ease of set-up
1	Price Vs Quality
1	Price 5 Quality
1	See Review Above
1	See Review above
0	Does not work, expensive to run, impossible to repair.
0	Does not work, expensive to run, impossible to amend.
0	NOTHING!
0	cipher!
0	no carry case, 
0	no deport case, 
0	Slow zoom, no AC adapter included, flimsy lens cap
0	Slow zoom, no AC adapter included, flimsy lens roof
1	Easy to carry, great to erase bad pictures
1	loose to carry, great to erase bad pictures
0	somewhat pricy, no video camera
0	somewhat pricy, no television camera
1	cheap, and takes pics such as they are
1	trashy, and takes pics such as they are
1	Aesthetics, Gadgets
1	Aesthetics, gadget
0	lots of minutes per page with Mac OS/X
0	peck of minutes per page with Mac OS/X
0	tiny buttons--can't text with one hand
0	tiny buttons--can't text with i hand
0	It takes awhile sometimes to take a photo.  
0	It takes awhile sometimes to need a photo.  
1	very good
1	very unspoiled
0	Storage time on the microdrive
0	entrepot time on the microdrive
0	Ships with small 8mb card, Slow recovery time after 2 shots
0	Ships with small 8mb menu, Slow convalescence time after 2 shots
1	Very small, long-lasting battery, pretty good reception
1	Very small, long-lasting battery, pretty secure reception
1	Quality, Easy to use/maintain
1	Quality, gentle to use/maintain
0	Slow at times, Steep learning curve
0	retard at times, Steep learning curve
0	LCD display sometimes dark; low-light indoor shots difficult; removable lens cap
0	LCD display sometimes sour; low-light indoor shots difficult; removable lens ceiling
0	Menus are confusing at first
0	Menus are confusing at commencement
0	a little bit loud
0	a little spot loud
1	Small, Durable, Classy
1	Small, undestroyable, Classy
0	Just one
0	Just unrivaled
0	A little bulky and heavy but its expected with so many features.
0	angstrom little bulky and laboured but its expected with so many features.
1	speed, resolution, ease of set up, USB support 
1	hasten, resolution, ease of set up, USB support 
0	EATS batteries.
0	eat batteries.
1	Easy, Quick, High Quality uses Standard CFlash Card, excellent win2k interaction
1	Easy, nimble, High Quality usage Standard CFlash Card, excellent win2k interaction
0	Keys a bit sticky
0	discover a bit sticky
0	Bulky, heavy, no bluetooth
0	Bulky, gravid, no bluetooth
0	So long to get started!
0	So long to flummox started!
1	Size, weight, color screen, features, and ringers
1	Size, weight, discolor screen, features, and ringers
1	Speed; print quality; separate ink cartridges; price
1	Speed; print quality; branch ink cartridges; price
0	flip-cover seems a bit flimsy
0	flip-cover seem a bit flimsy
0	There is somewhat of a learning curve with the advanced controls.
0	There is middling of a learning curve with the advanced mastery.
0	ring tones are annoying.  does not have very many features.
0	telephone tones are plaguy.  does not have very many features.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to utilisation
0	short battery time, somewhat slow - sometimes
0	short battery time, somewhat decelerate - sometimes
1	Low cost, high quality and FAST!
1	Low cost, high quality and firm!
1	So many Features
1	thusly many Features
0	no provision for filters
0	no purvey for filters
0	point and shoot only
0	point and film only
0	photos are sub-par
0	exposure are sub-par
0	Can be costly to get the most out of it
0	tin be costly to catch the most out of it
0	Haven't found any...
0	Haven't observe any...
1	Small and lightweight, descent amount of options, large phonebook, reliable
1	Small and lightweight, descent amount of option, enceinte phonebook, reliable
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and top-notch voice recognition package
0	customer service leaves room for improvement
0	customer service farewell room for improvement
1	Your world at your fingertips;Dial from Address book;Voice dial;PDA while on speakerphone
1	Your humans at your fingertips;Dial from Address Koran;vox dial;PDA while on speakerphone
0	Tiny multi-function keys for editing.
0	petite multi-function keys for editing.
1	flip phone, color, fun games, nice selection of ring tones
1	flip phone, color, fun back, nice selection of ring timber
0	Price
0	terms
0	No undercarriage basket.  Could use taller handles.  Rubber footrest allows feet to touch tires..
0	No undercarriage basket.  Could employ taller handles.  gumshoe footrest allows feet to touch tires..
0	None so far!
0	none so far!
1	Very Clear Precise Printing
1	Very enlighten Precise Printing
0	Short Battery LIfe
0	poor Battery LIfe
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a interchange, slow usage, features galore
1	Sharp compact tri-mode phone loaded with goodies.
1	Sharp compact tri-mode phone fuddled with goodies.
1	Quiet operation, great photo quality printing, good cost per print ratio.
1	Quiet operation, great photo quality impression, goodness cost per print ratio.
1	Price, features, appearance, battery life, locking features
1	Price, features, appearance, battery sprightliness, locking features
0	Total failure just out of warranty.
0	add failure just out of warranty.
0	Screen freezes,no new ringers.
0	cover freezes,no new ringers.
0	Slightly Heavy.  Not as cool looking as other cameras.
0	Slightly Heavy.  Not as cool reckon as other cameras.
0	battery life
0	battery biography
0	No stand-alone fax capability
0	No stand-alone telefax capability
0	Shutter cover/flash cumbersome.
0	Shutter cover/gimcrack cumbersome.
0	miss not having a lcd viewfinder
0	missy not having a lcd viewfinder
0	somewhat flimsy cover, no PC connection
0	somewhat flimsy covert, no PC connection
0	not easy to create depth of field effects with E10.  Limited zoom.  slow menus.
0	not promiscuous to create depth of field effects with E10.  Limited zoom.  ho-hum menus.
0	Sometimes sluggish to respond to keypresses, can't make shortcuts to every item.
0	Sometimes torpid to respond to keypresses, can't hit shortcuts to every item.
1	A+ for stylish. Amazingly lightweight. Shoulder strap is perfect.
1	A+ for stylish. Amazingly lightweight. shoulder strap is perfect.
1	Direct Connect
1	aim Connect
1	Great signal strength
1	enceinte signal strength
1	it can fax, print and copy
1	it can fax, print and transcript
1	Small, 4 megapixels, sleek looking, no delay to snap a picture, idiot proof
1	Small, 4 megapixels, aerodynamic looking, no delay to snapshot a picture, idiot proof
1	Color faceplates, ring features, good size
1	Color faceplates, ring features, full size
0	Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
0	Too bad you can't use 40GB ostentate for MP3.
1	The first phone to combine a kickin' set of features with user-oriented design.
1	The firstly phone to combine a kickin' Set of features with user-oriented design.
1	sturdy, great size, user friendly
1	hardy, great size, user friendly
0	Ink cartridges are too small
0	Ink cartridges are too minuscule
1	Feature-rich for the price
1	Feature-rich for the cost
1	Completes many tasks well.
1	Completes many task well.
0	Poor reception, Phone crashes and locks up.
0	pathetic reception, Phone crashes and locks up.
0	Auto focus offputting in low light. Email functionality does not appear to work
0	Auto focalise offputting in low luminousness. Email functionality does not appear to work
0	Ugly old-school LCD display
0	atrocious old-school LCD display
1	Small, optical zoom, easy to use
1	low, optical zoom, easy to use
0	can't easily adjust the volume while using the phone
0	can't easily adjust the volume while employ the phone
0	Poor software
0	misfortunate software
1	light, smooth ride
1	igniter, smooth ride
1	Great quality, robust, reliable
1	cracking quality, robust, reliable
1	Signal Strength (Verizon); sound quality; Outlook sync; volume; voice notes; screen doesn't scratch easily
1	Signal Strength (Verizon); sound quality; Outlook sync; volume; vocalize notes; screen doesn't strike easily
0	Limited battery life.  (I recommend rechargable batteries)
0	Limited battery life.  (I commend rechargable batteries)
0	No speed demon
0	No fastness demon
0	Takes a few seconds longer than my last four printers to begin printing.
0	learn a few seconds foresighted than my last four printers to begin printing.
0	Battery drain
0	Battery drainage
1	Small size, call quality, signal strength, aesthetic quality
1	Small size, call quality, signal forcefulness, aesthetic quality
0	16mb smartcard is undersized; more plastic than metal; zoom is only 3x
0	16mb smartcard is undersized; more shaping than metal; surge is only 3x
1	I got it for cheap, good battery life and good reception.
1	I stimulate it for cheap, good battery life and skillful reception.
0	none
0	none
0	received/missed call log is COMBINED into one list of only 6 calls
0	received/missed call log is COMBINED into one listing of only 6 forebode
1	Inexpensive, Fast, Reliable, Easy
1	Inexpensive, quick, Reliable, Easy
0	Is there any? --- Read what I have to say
0	Is there any? --- show what I have to say
0	pointless phone wraps, horrible keypad, no clock, subpar audio quality
0	pointless phone enfold, horrifying keypad, no clock, subpar audio quality
1	Everything- tech, design, build, features, user friendly...
1	Everything- tech, invention, build, features, user friendly...
0	Very Poor customer service.
0	Very hapless customer service.
1	Great phone book,Great Reception,Size,&#13;&#10;Voicedialing,Battery life
1	Great ring book,majuscule Reception,Size,&#13;&#10;Voicedialing,Battery life
0	Buy the Camera Dock when you purchase the Camera
0	bargain the Camera Dock when you purchase the Camera
1	Small footprint, HP name.
1	Small footprint, HP refer.
1	Photo quality prints; big 13x19" enlargements; seperate ink cartridges.
1	Photo quality prints; bounteous 13x19" enlargements; seperate ink cartridges.
0	VERY SLOW, Ties up the whole computer
0	VERY SLOW, Ties up the completely computer
0	Computer Interconectivity/Functionality
0	figurer Interconectivity/Functionality
1	Easy to learn &amp; use; Decent battery life; Light weight
1	Easy to acquire &amp; habituate; Decent battery life; Light weight
0	Battery life could be longer.
0	Battery life could be recollective.
1	Sharp pictures, flexible, easy photo downloading, reasonably priced.
1	Sharp pictures, flexible, well-heeled photo downloading, reasonably priced.
0	No disc to download on and goes through batteries fast.
0	No disc to download on and break through batteries quick.
0	Lack of accessories with the original package
0	Lack of accessory with the original package
0	Outgrow fast
0	Outgrow degenerate
1	Swivel LCD, flash options, great images
1	Swivel LCD, swank options, great images
1	Screen is easy to read.
1	Screen is leisurely to read.
1	Inexpensive, Reliable, Small, Attractive, Good Features, Good Battery Life
1	Inexpensive, Reliable, low, Attractive, Good Features, Good Battery Life
0	low resolution produces fuzziness on larger photos
0	low solving produces fuzziness on larger photos
0	Tiny button for people with large hands
0	Tiny button for people with gravid hands
0	No expansion cards, no BlueTooth, long startup/shutdown times.
0	No expansion add-in, no BlueTooth, long startup/shutdown times.
1	compact, stylish, many features like wireless web, games, sms and more.
1	compact, stylish, many features corresponding wireless web, games, Sm and more.
1	intuitive interface
1	visceral interface
1	Price, durability, looks, finish, print quality, speed, malfunction recovery,quiet.
1	Price, durability, face, finish, print quality, amphetamine, malfunction recovery,quiet.
0	Clarity - no.
0	clearness - no.
0	Slow LCD frame rate in some conditions.
0	deadening LCD frame rate in some conditions.
1	Output, speed, scanner &amp; fax functions, versatility
1	turnout, speed, scanner &amp; fax functions, versatility
1	Clear, good-quality print jobs
1	make, good-quality print jobs
0	Picture quality is bad
0	see quality is bad
0	Battery, Minor Issues (see below)
0	Battery, Minor Issues (determine below)
0	Poor Exposure Control
0	pitiable Exposure Control
0	DOT4_001 errors, driver updating
0	DOT4_001 errors, driver update
0	You now have to pay for voice dialing
0	You now have to pay for vocalisation dialing
0	Big Machine, uses lots of ink, single paper tray, difficult to use legal paper
0	Big Machine, uses lots of ink, single paper tray, difficult to utilization effectual paper
1	Photo Quality, resolution, easy to use, SLR!!, Nikon Lenses, WOW!
1	Photo quality, answer, easy to use, SLR!!, Nikon Lenses, WOW!
1	Great picture quality and depth, produces great printed copies
1	Great figure quality and depth, produces great printed copies
0	LCD Monitor could be a tad better
0	LCD Monitor could be a tad intimately
0	Slow parallel port speeds - No USB
0	Slow parallel embrasure speeds - No USB
0	Big! 
0	expectant! 
0	bulky , FRAGILE
0	bulky , thin
1	canon quality, 5MP resolution, essentially a shrunk g5
1	canon lineament, 5MP resolution, essentially a shrunk g5
0	Poor quality indoors or in low light--Flash doesn't help much
0	short quality indoors or in humbled light--Flash doesn't help much
1	Inexpensive unit, excellent color print quality
1	cheap unit, excellent color print quality
1	Great picture quality. Clear and Accurate. Easy to use.
1	Great picture choice. Clear and Accurate. Easy to use.
0	New Technology Color Cartridges are difficult to find AND expensive!
0	New Technology distort magazine are difficult to find AND expensive!
1	small, great reception, easy to use, fast charge
1	small, great reception, tardily to use, fast charge
0	Poor voice quality
0	poor voice quality
0	Noisy, large footprint, high ink use
0	Noisy, great footprint, high ink use
0	Complicated to understand at times because of small size.
0	Complicated to understand at times because of diminished size.
0	Customer Service
0	Customer service
0	Construction
0	building
1	Well, it does hold 2 kids....
1	Well, it does withstand 2 kids....
0	Only comes with a 4MB memorystick. No manual viewfinder
0	Only derive with a 4MB memorystick. No manual viewfinder
1	light weight, lots of features
1	lightsome weight, lots of features
1	Lightweight, great photos, ease of use
1	Lightweight, great photos, ease of habit
1	compact, good battery life, Web access, speakerphone feature, voice dial feature, lighted keypad
1	stocky, good bombardment life, Web access, speakerphone feature, voice dial feature, lighted keypad
0	Weak vibrating alert
0	Weak vibrating alerting
1	Good quality construction, good reception and compatibility with my old v120c accessories.
1	right quality construction, ripe reception and compatibility with my old v120c accessories.
1	Great pics,small,features, sound movie, stitch, screen 
1	Great pics,pocket-size,features, sound movie, stitch, screen 
1	Great all around printer
1	swell all around printer
1	Small footprint
1	modest footprint
1	2MB MEM, flash, LCD display
1	2MB MEM, dart, LCD display
1	Easy navigation, speakerphone, large display, battery life
1	Easy navigation, speakerphone, great display, battery life
0	No speaker phone.
0	No speaker sound.
1	bang for the buck
1	knock for the buck
1	Phone lasted for 20 months without problem.
1	phone lasted for 20 months without problem.
0	you can't make an 8x10 out of pictures
0	you can't make an 8x10 out of ikon
0	TOO BIG, Lots of sub-menus, No call forward menu
0	TOO boastfully, Lots of sub-menus, No call forward menu
0	Like a bike, tires can go flat easily.
0	Like a bike, tires can crack flat easily.
0	some extra papers might come out with printed pages but they can be reinserted with the holding paper (minor)
0	some supererogatory papers might come out with printed pages but they can be reinserted with the maintain paper (child)
1	Outstanding photo printouts, speedy on photo prints, economical consumables
1	Outstanding photo printouts, speedy on photo prints, scotch consumables
1	Easy to use, cheap, durable, good print quality, fast black and white printing, color compatibility...
1	Easy to role, cheap, durable, good print quality, debauched ignominious and white printing, color compatibility...
1	Great exposure control and contrast, good manual controls
1	Great exposure control and contrast, full manual controls
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
0	A few fairly small hiccups
0	Batteries Do Not Last
0	Batteries ut Not Last
1	Battery life,Great reception excellent signal strenght,Game,Caller ID,Call Waiting, and Voice Mail!
1	Battery biography,gravid reception excellent signal strenght,game,Caller ID,Call Waiting, and Voice Mail!
1	floppy disc system, zoom
1	floppy platter system, zoom
1	Excellent for jogging with infants/toddlers. Well-made, excellent on rough terrain
1	excellent for jogging with infants/toddlers. Well-made, excellent on grating terrain
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
0	the keys start to skuff the body, big design.
1	Small and Looks cool
1	Small and flavour cool
1	strong, light, easy handling
1	strong, abstemious, easy handling
1	price
1	damage
1	Size, Color, Outer LCD, voice dial, Phonebook, Reception, service plans!
1	Size, Color, stunned LCD, voice dial, Phonebook, reception, service plans!
0	Faceplate can scratch, call log menu is confusing, some menus are too nested.
0	Faceplate can mark, forebode log menu is confusing, some menus are too nested.
1	Great quality text and Graphics
1	dandy quality text and Graphics
1	Fast, Great Printing, Good looking printer, USB port
1	Fast, Great Printing, Good front printer, USB port
0	EXPENSIVE ink cartridges
0	EXPENSIVE ink magazine
1	Great Printer
1	peachy Printer
1	Inexpensive storage media, disk copy tool, video as well as still images
1	Inexpensive storage media, disk re-create tool, telecasting as well as still images
1	Small, voice activation features, active infra-red port
1	minuscule, voice activation features, active infra-red port
0	Battery Life, A Bit Too Large
0	Battery Life, A Bit Too tumid
1	Great pictures both indoor &amp; out, better value compared to same megapix cameras
1	Great figure both indoor &amp; out, undecomposed value compared to same megapix cameras
0	None.
0	none.
1	Lightweight
1	lightweight
1	good suspension, storage space, long and spacious for the kids
1	effective suspension, storage space, long and spacious for the youngster
0	Long lag time from when you press button to when it takes picture
0	Long lag time from when you push button to when it takes video
1	Tons of features. Simple to use!
1	Tons of features. unsubdivided to use!
0	The PUPPY  Makes Tons Of  Noise! If You Care?
0	The PUPPY  give Tons Of  Noise! If You Care?
1	Flip phone, voice recognition, simple to use, battery life, style
1	Flip phone, voice credit, simple to habit, battery life, style
0	Lack of some features, echo and dust can get in external screen.
0	Lack of some features, resound and dust can cause in external screen.
1	Cheap initial investment
1	tawdry initial investment
0	8MB card not enough
0	8MB menu not enough
0	No frills.  No camera, bluetooth, mp3, speakerphone.
0	No furbelow.  No camera, bluetooth, mp3, speakerphone.
1	Small, Lightweight, Many accessories including underwater case,Versatile
1	Small, Lightweight, Many accessories including underwater lawsuit,Versatile
1	A great beginner or professional quality digital camera!
1	amp great beginner or professional quality digital camera!
1	Great display, good feature set, solid performance overall.
1	Great display, good feature set, self-coloured performance overall.
1	Great Photos!  Very good on color projects.
1	Great Photos!  Very beneficial on color projects.
0	The battery wears after 3 - 4 months
0	The battery wearing after 3 - 4 months
1	Ease of use, Floppy disk for film
1	Ease of use, Floppy disk for take
0	none
0	none
0	Everything else
0	Everything else
1	compact, great LCD, reasonably priced, easy to use menus
1	compact, great LCD, fairly priced, easy to use menus
0	looks cheap
0	looks crummy
1	Good user interface.
1	practiced user interface.
0	Display is next to impossible to see in daylight,no way to increase brightness.
0	Display is next to impossible to consider in daylight,no style to increase brightness.
1	solid built, good phonebook, sleek, nice reception, scheduler.
1	solid built, skilful phonebook, sleek, nice reception, scheduler.
0	Pricey. Battery Life is weak.
0	Pricey. Battery Life is infirm.
1	nice games, right size, decent battery life, different from the 5160
1	courteous games, flop size, decent battery life, different from the 5160
1	Functionality Quality Reputation and Price
1	Functionality prime Reputation and Price
1	see opinion
1	catch opinion
1	Small Size, Flip-Open, Screen on Front
1	Small Size, Flip-Open, sieve on Front
1	Easy-to-use, good picture quality, using normal AA batteries
1	Easy-to-use, good depiction quality, using normal AA batteries
1	Small, well located controls, viewfinder &amp; clear 2.5x zoom, lens addons
1	Small, wellspring located controls, viewfinder &amp; exculpated 2.5x zoom, lens addons
0	NO VIDEO-OUT!!!
0	no VIDEO-OUT!!!
0	noisy fan, poor glossy pics
0	noisy lover, poor glossy pics
0	Paper feed issue... the quick HP rememdy doesn't work either
0	Paper feed issue... the straightaway HP rememdy doesn't crop either
0	Poor reception. Flimsy antenna. No games. Expensive for nothing.
0	Poor receipt. Flimsy antenna. No games. Expensive for nothing.
0	Not for &amp;quot;heavy duty&amp;quot; (uless you buy two or three)
0	Not for &amp;quot;expectant duty&amp;quot; (uless you buy deuce or three)
1	Easy to Use
1	easygoing to Use
1	Good call clarity, nice speaker phone, and  good ergonomics.
1	Good call clarity, nice speaker phone, and  near ergonomics.
0	No lens cover, Plastic case, LCD isnt inset
0	No lens overlay, Plastic case, LCD isnt inset
1	Great features, very light but not too small.
1	Great features, very wanton but not too small.
0	Low selection of ringer options, must open phone to view anything and breakable antenna
0	Low selection of ringer options, must open telephone to view anything and breakable aerial
0	keypad sensitivity, text messaging is difficult
0	keypad sensitivity, text messaging is hard
1	slim design, durability, call clarity
1	svelte design, durability, call clarity
0	volume too low (for all Nokia phones)
0	volume too low (for all Nokia call)
1	Fast, reliable, the best SLR Digital Camera made.
1	Fast, reliable, the best SLR Digital Camera pee.
1	Very Small
1	Very belittled
1	Sleek, lightweight, no need to bring a separate camera
1	Sleek, lightweight, no need to fetch a separate camera
1	Full Manual or Point&amp;Shoot, My mode, Stunning photographs, High quality, Great lens, Underwater Capability, 
1	Full Manual or sharpen&amp;Shoot, My mode, stun photographs, High quality, bully lens, Underwater Capability, 
1	Great camera, lots if fun, easy to use
1	Great camera, portion if fun, easy to use
0	One day,  D:1E10 appeared in screen and the camera did not work after that.  
0	unmatched day,  D:1E10 appeared in screenland and the camera did not cultivate after that.  
0	shape, not the sharpest quality
0	work, not the sharpest quality
0	Print heads wear out
0	Print heads endure out
1	Speech clarity. Great display. Excellent backlight. Voice dialing. Connectivity
1	Speech uncloudedness. Great display. Excellent backlight. Voice dialing. Connectivity
1	Very easy to use, takes high quality pictures, can hold up to 64 megs.
1	Very easy to use, takes high quality project, can hold up to sixty-four megs.
1	Cheap
1	tatty
1	Big screen. Notifies when e-mail arrives. Nice color!
1	braggart screen. Notifies when e-mail arrives. Nice color!
0	Battery hog, no lens cap, no USB connection
0	Battery hog, no lens roof, no USB connection
1	Picture quality is excellent; remote is a must
1	characterization quality is excellent; remote is a must
0	No missed calls list in menu; when in pocket ring tone settings are changed.
0	No lose calls inclination in menu; when in pocket ring tone settings are changed.
1	Excellent picture quality, Superb function list
1	Excellent picture calibre, Superb function list
1	A good solid stroller that your baby will be safe and comfortable in
1	A soundly solid ambler that your baby will be safe and comfortable in
1	Well built, excellent quality pictures, 2.0f lens, 4 megapixels
1	Well built, excellent quality picture, 2.0f lens, foursome megapixels
1	Resolution, ease of use
1	Resolution, ease of utilisation
0	a bit pricey, and not small
0	a bit pricey, and not minor
1	Color display, user-friendly, high-technology, fast menus, great functionality.
1	Color display, user-friendly, high-technology, fast menu, great functionality.
1	Good for photos
1	Good for photograph
0	Batteries and Zoom
0	shelling and Zoom
0	Poor print quality, low resolution, slow, very noisey.
0	Poor print quality, low resolution, decelerate, very noisey.
0	expensive, not reliable, terrible customer care
0	expensive, not reliable, dread customer care
0	Not very durable, slow in response time
0	Not very durable, obtuse in response time
0	Sony accessories can be pricey
0	Sony accessory can be pricey
0	None that I can think of
0	None that I can opine of
1	Non
1	not
0	prints so good, you'll be spending lots of $ on paper!
0	prints so estimable, you'll be spending mass of $ on paper!
0	The size of the printer itself its a little big.
0	The size of the pressman itself its a little gravid.
0	Not as slender or compact as some of the competition.
0	Not as slight or squeeze as some of the competition.
0	none for my purposes
0	none for my aim
0	None!
0	none!
1	Excellent signal Strength, call clarity, and voice dial capabilities
1	Excellent signal Strength, call clarity, and vocalization dial capabilities
0	None
0	none
1	Inexpensive printer, but good photos on plain paper, if you do it my way.
1	Inexpensive printer, but good photos on unvarnished paper, if you do it my path.
0	Although easy it is recommended to add the docking station.
0	Although easy it is advocate to impart the docking station.
1	Phone Book, Backlit, Vibrating
1	phone Book, Backlit, Vibrating
1	Small, easy to use, reasonably priced.
1	Small, easy to apply, reasonably priced.
0	Not many games&#13;&#10;No alarm function (not that important)
0	Not many stake&#13;&#10;No alarm role (not that important)
1	Durable, easy to use, quality pics
1	Durable, easy to use, quality picture
0	Kinda cheap feeling, but looks are not everything!
0	Kinda cheap feeling, but smell are not everything!
0	lighting problem, blurry pictures
0	lighting problem, blurry delineation
0	High volume feed problem
0	High loudness feed problem
1	many many features, great sound, triband, light weight
1	many many features, bully sound, triband, light weight
0	Ink cartridges can run out quicker than others
0	Ink cartridges can tally out quicker than others
1	Inexpensive Digital Pictures
1	Inexpensive Digital word-painting
1	Photo Quality.
1	Photo timber.
1	numerous generic accessories available, tones available for download from the web
1	numerous generic accessories available, tonus available for download from the WWW
0	I don't know of any
0	iodine don't know of any
0	Bulky, heavy, takes up alot of trunk space.
0	Bulky, laborious, takes up alot of trunk space.
1	Copier can be used without PC, decent quality color print for money.
1	Copier can be used without microcomputer, decent calibre color print for money.
0	slow, not great optics
0	slow, not keen optics
0	Poor quality control, single mode (digital), high vulnerability to moisture, very low reliability.
0	Poor prize control, single mode (digital), high exposure to moisture, very low reliability.
1	Pictures Pictures Pictures.  The CD allows for hundreds of pictures.
1	photograph Pictures image.  The CD allows for hundreds of pictures.
1	Sleek design, compact size, many nice features, very durable, tri-mode.
1	Sleek design, compact size, many nice lineament, very long-wearing, tri-mode.
1	Very easy &amp;amp; fun to use, Great picture quality, Floppy disk capability, Sony quality 
1	Very easy &amp;amp; fun to habit, Great picture timber, Floppy platter capability, Sony quality 
0	There are better printers out there but they will be hard to find.
0	There are dear printers out there but they will be hard to encounter.
0	Not as easy to use as some other phones, evident cost cutting
0	Not as easy to habituate as some other phones, evident cost skip
1	Solid & sleek design, volume settings
1	Solid & sleek design, volume context
1	great camera
1	swell camera
0	high price, print quality and speed
0	high price, print quality and hurrying
0	Small battery life
0	Small battery spirit
0	4 X 6 PICTURES ONLY, VERY EXPENSIVE TO PRINT
0	4 X 6 exposure ONLY, VERY EXPENSIVE TO PRINT
1	voicemail indicator, phone book, speakerphone, web-enabled, variety of ringers...
1	voicemail indicator, phone record, speakerphone, web-enabled, variety of ringers...
1	ease of use
1	ease of employ
0	Bad camera quality expecially in night mode and mobile os application not stable.
0	Bad camera quality expecially in night way and nomadic os application not stable.
0	none compared to other digicams
0	none equate to other digicams
1	Speaker Phone, Tons of Gadgets
1	Speaker Phone, Tons of gadget
0	slow OS, OS crashes, accessories unplug themselves too easy, buried functionality
0	decelerate os, OS crashes, accessories unplug themselves too easy, buried functionality
0	No zoom.  No creative options.
0	No zoom.  No originative options.
1	Great photos, fast shutter, lots of options, optical zoom is great.
1	Great photo, fasting shutter, lots of options, optical zoom is great.
0	Larger than most digital cameras
0	heavy than most digital cameras
0	Excruciating slow menu, cumbersome menu interface
0	Excruciating sluggish menu, cumbersome menu interface
1	Neat GSM webphone with beautiful display
1	full-strength GSM webphone with beautiful display
0	Feels Cheap/Sounds Cheap, Display Hard To Read, Lack of Features, Hard-To-Find-Accessories
0	Feels Cheap/audio Cheap, Display Hard To Read, want of Features, Hard-To-Find-Accessories
0	Weak reception, No Vibrator Ringing
0	Weak reception, No Vibrator band
1	Fast, reliable, QUALITY product
1	degraded, reliable, QUALITY product
0	leg rest extensions tend to collapse in the middle
0	leg rest extensions tend to crack in the middle
0	Not the fastest printer
0	Not the truehearted printer
0	Haven't found any yet
0	Haven't found any withal
0	The flash on the camera could be better... but its a phone, not a camera
0	The gaudy on the camera could be easily... but its a headphone, not a camera
0	Joystick, batterly life, memory not expandable/upgradeable, and no custom sms ringtone.
0	Joystick, batterly aliveness, memory not expandable/upgradeable, and no usage sms ringtone.
1	Great looking daylight pics, Easy to operate
1	Great looking daylight pics, sluttish to operate
0	Vibrate/Ring function and screen
0	Vibrate/band function and screen
1	Excellent print quality.  Great for photos.
1	Excellent print timber.  Great for photos.
0	Hard to hold still ... That might just be me.
0	Hard to entertain still ... That might just be me.
0	still print same size as the 1200, ink carts harder to find (for now)
0	static print same size as the 1200, ink carts hard to find (for now)
1	Fast, reliable, great for corporate office or SOHO
1	immobile, reliable, great for corporate office or SOHO
0	shutter, horrible lens cap, and settings
0	shutter, horrible lens cap, and scope
1	3.5&amp;quot; disk, Battery life is good
1	troika.5&amp;quot; disk, Battery life is good
1	Great print quality at a very reasonable price
1	Great print calibre at a very reasonable price
0	Expensive ink; significant "banding" in photo printouts; too "idiot-proof"; noisy.
0	Expensive ink; pregnant "banding" in exposure printouts; too "idiot-proof"; noisy.
1	It's HP
1	It's horsepower
1	Picture quality, features and price
1	movie quality, features and price
1	Fantastic Color Photo Printing, Auto-paper sensor, Fast Printing
1	Fantastic colour Photo Printing, Auto-paper sensor, Fast Printing
1	Great phone all around.
1	slap-up phone all around.
0	Cost, flash, lens cover
0	Cost, jiffy, lens cover
1	solid construction, good reception, decent battery life, lots of features for the $
1	solid construction, good reception, decent battery aliveness, loads of features for the $
1	Lots of decent features, great battery life, seems well made
1	raft of decent characteristic, great battery life, seems well made
1	Lens and beautiful pics
1	Lens and beautiful flick
1	It never makes a blob, is economical to use, the ink lasts long and it hardly ever has paper jams. 
1	It never earn a blob, is economical to exercise, the ink lasts recollective and it hardly always has paper jams. 
0	The only problem I had, was trying to get it to print Quicken checks.
0	The only problem I had, was trying to amaze it to print Quicken chit.
1	Simple to set up and use; easy to change cartridges; versatile
1	Simple to plant up and use; slowly to change cartridges; versatile
0	No rechargeable batteries/charger included, mediocre macro performance, average shutter lag/start-up/cycle times
0	No rechargeable batteries/charger included, mediocre macro performance, average shutter interim/start-up/cycle clip
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
1	Great reception in fringe field, neat clarity and super voice recognition software
0	nothing really
0	zippo really
0	No view window for seeing if the picture came out OK.
0	No view window for learn if the picture occur out OK.
1	Great,  Cheap
1	Great,  gaudy
0	A few minor quirks detailed in the review
0	A few minor quirks detailed in the recapitulation
1	All in one design saves space, power and money
1	All in 1 design saves space, power and money
1	Internet access, rather useful camera, good styling, well designed flip feature,and attractive.
1	Internet access, quite useful camera, good styling, well designed riffle feature,and attractive.
1	Small footprint, auto on/off
1	diminished footprint, auto on/off
1	Takes great pictures. Pretty inexpensive
1	takings great pictures. Pretty inexpensive
1	Prints the next best thing to picture perfect with clearly defined lines and fantastic colors.
1	mark the next best thing to characterization perfect with clearly fix lines and fantastic colors.
1	Easy to use, video feature, picture preview, no cables 
1	soft to use, video feature, picture preview, no cables 
0	It's not a Canon, NEC, OKi... etc
0	It's not a canon, NEC, OKi... etc
0	Large, heavy, Long restart from Suspend
0	heavy, heavy, Long restart from Suspend
0	The biggy is the antenna. It breaks so ofetn motorola was fixing them for free--the catch is you have to mail it in and be without your cell phone for 7-10 days. This is  ...
0	The biggy is the antenna. It infract so ofetn motorola was mending them for free--the enchant is you have to mail it in and be without your cellphone ring for 7-10 day. This is  ...
0	Doesn't ship with everything necessary to set it up, hard to find paper, bad software
0	Doesn't ship with everything necessary to set it up, firmly to rule paper, spoilt software
1	Photo Quality. Ease Of Menus. Features!
1	photograph Quality. Ease Of Menus. Features!
0	Ergonomics not for everyone.  Electronic View Finder. Storage Medium.
0	Ergonomics not for everyone.  Electronic View Finder. entrepot Medium.
1	Takes excellent photos, effortlessly!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Amazing technical capability in compact camera.
1	carry excellent photos, effortlessly!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Amazing technological capability in compact camera.
0	not many features
0	not many have
0	Voice Feature Glitches
0	voice Feature Glitches
0	sooo slow to take pictures, short battery life 
0	sooo slow to assume pictures, short battery life 
0	costs more than reg. camera
0	be more than reg. camera
0	WORKS BEST OUTSIDE
0	workplace BEST OUTSIDE
0	Ugly pictures, no video, crummy battery, weirdly yellowing buttons, can't download or text message
0	vile image, no video, crummy battery, weirdly yellowing buttons, can't download or text message
1	Great pictures, easy storage
1	Great word-painting, easy storage
0	Auto Focus problems; Shutter Speed in Auto mode. 
0	Auto centre problems; Shutter Speed in Auto mode. 
1	Besides being the best phone, it also is a great MP3 player, texting, etc.
1	Besides being the skillful telephone, it also is a great MP3 player, texting, etc.
1	High Quality Photo Printer.
1	High tone Photo Printer.
1	Uses floppy diskettes to store photos, relatively easy to learn how to use
1	use floppy diskettes to store photos, relatively easy to instruct how to use
1	user friendly
1	user favorable
1	Good quality at a fair price
1	Good quality at a fair cost
1	Cheap Price
1	gaudy Price
0	small zooming ability
0	small zoom ability
0	A little slow printing high res color photos
0	A little behind printing high res color photos
1	Stylish design, small size, bright display, clear signal.
1	Stylish contrive, small size, bright display, clear signal.
1	4 Megapixel, Super Zoom, Cheap, Great Feature Set
1	4 Megapixel, Super Zoom, Cheap, groovy Feature Set
0	discontinued
0	stop
0	Flimsy, poor call quality, lcd hard to read in daylight. Controls are not user friendly.
0	Flimsy, poor predict quality, lcd surd to read in daylight. moderate are not user friendly.
1	lens, video mode, design, image quality
1	lens, video mode, design, paradigm quality
0	Pricey, comes with no accessories.
0	Pricey, comes with no accessory.
1	Very lightweight and compact, comfortable, turns easily even when heavy.  
1	Very lightweight and compact, comfortable, sour easily even when fleshy.  
1	Size, Customizable, Clear LCD Screen
1	Size, Customizable, discharge LCD Screen
1	-cheap, -the best in 2 mega, -multiple options!, -great for starters
1	-cheap, -the Best in 2 mega, -multiple pick!, -great for starters
0	The keypad buttons sometimes don't work when you press them.
0	The keypad buttons sometimes don't shape when you jam them.
0	Prints very slowly, uses a lot of ink.
0	Prints very slowly, apply a lot of ink.
0	missed calls, not sturdy
0	missed predict, not sturdy
1	Ease of use, price and quality of pictures, 
1	Ease of use, terms and quality of pictures, 
1	Sexy design, Image, Video &amp; Sound capture, small
1	Sexy design, figure, Video &amp; Sound capture, small
1	Easy to use, numerous easy to use features, changeable color plates
1	Easy to use, numerous well-fixed to use boast, changeable color plates
0	Pricy
0	high-priced
1	Handy Size, reasonably logic functions
1	Handy Size, reasonably logic part
1	Speed, res, size, quality
1	quicken, res, size, quality
0	black and white text not as good, color shift problem (but only affects one type paper and some high ozone level areas)
0	Negro and white text not as estimable, color chemise problem (but only affects one type paper and some high ozone level arena)
0	Ringer volume inadequate, connectivity not the best I've seen.
0	Ringer volume inadequate, connectivity not the best I've assure.
0	none
0	none
1	Good looks, design
1	skillful looks, design
1	Easy to use and understand functions
1	Easy to use and understand map
1	Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
1	Compact, incredibly feature-filled, gravid sound . . . toss the domain line phone!!
0	Cost, cost, cost
0	toll, cost, cost
0	zoom function severly decreases pic quality
0	zoom part severly decreases pic quality
1	cheap and small, color faxing
1	cheap and small, color facsimile
0	Horrible battery life, 4mb memory card, intermittent flash trouble.
0	Horrible battery life, 4mb memory card, intermittent flash pain.
0	it's tiny. no USB cable or software in the box.  the included games are weak.
0	it's tiny. no USB cable or software in the corner.  the include games are frail.
1	light-weight, small, separate car seat attaches/detaches easily, very small collapsed state, adjustable handle.
1	light-weight, humble, separate car seat attaches/detaches easily, very small collapsed state, adjustable grip.
0	No real "fancy" functions. No digital display for previewing. 
0	No real "fancy" functions. No digital presentation for previewing. 
0	have not found anything wrong with this phone yet
0	have not found anything wrong with this phone heretofore
1	Cute phone; Thin and lightweight; FaveFive Compatible; Several Features: Camera, Video, Voice Phone Book.
1	Cute phone; Thin and lightweight; FaveFive Compatible; Several Features: Camera, picture, vox Phone Book.
0	Needs a bigger Compact-flash card.
0	require a bigger Compact-flash card.
0	Wrist strap is too large for camera. Soft pouch is tight. NONE YET
0	Wrist strap is too bombastic for camera. subdued pouch is tight. NONE YET
0	Bugs in the software, random power offs, clock never works
0	badger in the software, random power offs, clock never study
1	size of printer
1	size of pressman
0	fragile, weak, useless
0	fragile, feeble, useless
1	easy to use, simple features, adequate range and power
1	easy to use, simpleton features, adequate range and power
0	Power button awkward to use at times
0	Power button awkward to utilisation at times
1	small size, fast start up, metal casing 
1	small size, fast part up, metal casing 
1	Ease of use and quality
1	Ease of function and quality
0	Price.
0	cost.
1	small, can be used as still, movie or web camera, low price
1	small, can be used as quiet, movie or web camera, blue price
1	Absolutely everything about this camera
1	utterly everything about this camera
1	Great execution and usability.  Stylish.
1	neat execution and usability.  Stylish.
0	Large , no T9, Memory Stick Duo is proprietary and expensive.
0	Large , no T9, Memory get duette is proprietary and expensive.
1	it's a phone &amp; it works, audio dialing
1	it's a phone &amp; it influence, audio dialing
0	8 MB Card not enough.
0	eighter MB Card not enough.
1	Nice camera BUT!!!
1	dainty camera BUT!!!
1	clear text, never jams
1	absolved text, never jams
0	Short battery life.
0	myopic battery life.
1	Inexpensive, Great quality, Easy to use
1	Inexpensive, Great quality, Easy to manipulation
0	print cartridge inconvenience and expense
0	mark cartridge inconvenience and expense
1	Easy to Use, Great LCD display, Nice photos
1	Easy to apply, Great LCD display, Nice photos
1	Quality of Image, Ease of Use
1	choice of Image, Ease of Use
0	bigger than most other cameras - can be a little bulky at times.
0	big than most other cameras - can be a petty bulky at times.
1	Easy of Use, Weight, Quality of Photo's
1	Easy of usance, Weight, Quality of Photo's
1	sharp natural color pictures. really like the 4-level optical zoom.
1	abrupt innate color pictures. really like the 4-level optical zoom.
1	Voice Recognition Hands Free Kit, Memory, Reception
1	Voice Recognition give Free Kit, Memory, Reception
1	Cheap, nice software package.
1	Cheap, nice software bundle.
0	Service leaves much to be desired.
0	Service depart much to be desired.
0	SprintPCS Only, Bulky, Slow contact lookup, Clumsy side switch; quiet ringer
0	SprintPCS but, Bulky, Slow contact lookup, Clumsy side interchange; quiet ringer
1	Price! Lightweight, decent battery life.
1	Price! lightweight, decent battery life.
1	Great Pictures, Ease of Use, Diskette Saves
1	Great video, Ease of Use, Diskette Saves
1	Sturdy, easy to use, speakerphone, sturdy, sturdy, sturdy
1	Sturdy, tardily to use, speakerphone, sturdy, sturdy, sturdy
0	Camera is sufficient.
0	camera is sufficient.
1	Shoot all day long, good resolution, good battery life
1	scud all day long, good resolution, good battery life
0	Uses ink quickly, often prints poorly 
0	apply ink quickly, often prints poorly 
0	low picture quality, no flash, fixed lens
0	low fancy quality, no flash, fixed lens
1	Battery life excellent, Colorful and Attractive, Easy to use Interface
1	Battery life excellent, Colorful and Attractive, Easy to utilization interface
0	constant battery user
0	changeless battery user
0	On very bright sunny days, the screen is difficult to see.
0	On very lustrous sunny days, the screen is difficult to construe.
1	6 cartridges, high quality color printing, 
1	6 cartridges, high quality emblazon printing, 
1	Trippy tir-color display, small and light, excellent sound quality
1	Trippy tir-color display, small and easy, excellent sound quality
0	keypad lock doesn't work when phone is off (i.e. keep from turning phone on)
0	keypad lock doesn't exploit when phone is off (i.e. livelihood from deform phone on)
1	Lots of features for a lot less money these days.  Lightweight.  Sturdy.  Long battery life.
1	Lots of features for a fortune less money these days.  Lightweight.  Sturdy.  retentive barrage life.
1	Easy to use and wonderful quality.
1	Easy to use and tremendous quality.
0	None
0	none
1	EASE OF USE, GREAT PHOTOS
1	EASE OF employ, GREAT PHOTOS
1	Great photo quality prints
1	Great pic quality prints
1	very easy to use
1	very easy to utilisation
1	Refer to this epinion.
1	mention to this epinion.
0	Slow
0	dull
1	Modern Design, All the features, does life get any better?
1	Modern Design, All the features, does sprightliness come any better?
0	Expensive, large!
0	Expensive, great!
0	Few -- small capacity paper tray and occasional paper jam.
0	Few -- little capacity paper tray and occasional paper jam.
1	EXCELLENT print quality, GREAT print speed, HP name
1	EXCELLENT print quality, large print speed, HP name
0	Weak flash, slow shooting
0	Weak flash, slow inject
0	None! Well ok maybe battery life, but the Dimage's is still better than most.
0	None! Well ok peradventure battery life-time, but the Dimage's is still better than most.
1	easy to install and prints nice and clear
1	easy to install and prints nice and gain
1	Long lasting, durable, compact, good price, not annoying to use/easy to use
1	Long lasting, durable, compact, unspoiled price, not pestiferous to use/easy to use
0	low quality
0	low choice
0	Printer drivers on the CD unacceptable.
0	Printer drivers on the cd unacceptable.
1	Compact, High Quality pictures, and many shooting modes and options.
1	compendious, High Quality pictures, and many germinate modes and options.
0	hard to push and turn
0	punishing to push and turn
0	drivers, control panel, crooked printing
0	drivers, ascendance panel, crooked printing
1	Extremely fast printing,fairly easy setup, nice looking design, good price.
1	Extremely fast printing,fairly light setup, nice looking design, skillful price.
1	Small, inexpensive, easy
1	Small, inexpensive, wanton
0	Nokia 8210 is high quality, but a little bit expensive.
0	Nokia 8210 is high prize, but a little routine expensive.
1	Optical zoom, storage is easy using disks, incredibly convenient!
1	Optical zoom, storage is easy using disks, unbelievably convenient!
0	THE HEADPHONE JACK! Static.
0	THE HEADPHONE diddly-shit! Static.
1	great for people who want to fix their BAD pictures!!
1	great for people who want to secure their speculative pictures!!
0	antenna, price
0	antenna, toll
0	nothing yet
0	nothing nevertheless
1	convenient, quality pics, long battery life
1	convenient, quality pics, long battery spirit
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of habit
1	many
1	many
1	Nice price (especially with a pkg. deal)&#13;&#10;$10 w/activation fee
1	Nice price (especially with a pkg. manage)&#xiii;&#10;$10 w/activation fee
0	Battery life, navigation, ringer not loud enough.
0	shelling life, navigation, ringer not loud enough.
0	Price and speed
0	Price and amphetamine
1	USB, megapixel, mass storage, LCD preview
1	USB, megapixel, mass storage, LCD prevue
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	Calendar does not have "view all day notes" feature.
0	Calendar does not have "horizon all day notes" feature.
1	Reliable; less expensive and easier to configure than buying individual components
1	Reliable; less expensive and easier to configure than buying somebody constituent
0	expected more features
0	look more features
0	less than eight wheels
0	less than eighter wheels
0	Runs out of ink fast, poor color quality, scanner only scans papers
0	work out of ink fast, pitiable color quality, scanner only scans papers
1	Good form; light; good picture quality
1	Good form; light; good fancy quality
1	Fast, high dpi, reliable, low maintenence printer
1	Fast, gamy dpi, reliable, low maintenence printer
1	Great features for the price, easy to use.
1	Great features for the price, comfortable to use.
0	Lackluster color, HORRIBLY expensive ink.
0	Lackluster gloss, HORRIBLY expensive ink.
0	everything
0	everything
0	OK display, expensive accessories, small buttons, drops calls (or due to my carrier)
0	fine display, expensive accessories, small buttons, drop-off calls (or due to my carrier)
1	Good quality pics, easy access to pics, affordable with basic features
1	estimable prize pics, easy access to pics, affordable with basic features
0	the cd is final, needs cdr-w which are re-writable
0	the cd is final, postulate cdr-w which are re-writable
0	lacks stylishness, less then adequate reception
0	want stylishness, less then adequate reception
1	clear sound, easy to use menus, compact
1	clear sound, easy to employ menus, compact
1	Size, looks, image quality
1	Size, feel, image quality
1	ease of set up, paper feeds very well, price.
1	ease of put up, paper feeds very well, price.
0	Poor manual, phone book does not alphabetize, OEM battery life a bit short.
0	Poor manual, phone reserve does not alphabetize, OEM battery lifespan a bit short.
1	Great photo quality, dependable, drivers available for Mac and PC.
1	swell pic quality, dependable, drivers available for Mac and PC.
0	Expensive, mediocre battery life
0	Expensive, mediocre battery aliveness
1	Easy, have never had any problems with it.
1	Easy, have never had any job with it.
1	Strong personal information management tools, OpenWave web browser, awesome battery life for color screen.
1	Strong personal information management putz, OpenWave web browser, awesome bombardment life for color screen.
0	Prone to SPOOL32 errors
0	prostrate to SPOOL32 errors
0	Fragile, might be too small for some
0	Fragile, might be too minor for some
0	none
0	none
1	diskettes are cheap &amp;quot;digital film&amp;quot;, good for web sites, easy to use
1	diskettes are cheap &amp;quot;digital celluloid&ampere;quot;, expert for web sites, easy to use
1	Cheap Hardware, 6 month ago $ 135 and a $ 50 Rebate
1	gimcrack Hardware, sextet month ago $ 135 and a $ 50 Rebate
1	good quality print, reliable 
1	good quality mark, reliable 
1	Lightweight and compact
1	Lightweight and squeeze
1	Small size, features and options
1	Small size, feature and options
1	Extremely easy to use, good quality pictures
1	Extremely easy to use, good quality painting
0	Expensive, weak zoom
0	Expensive, imperfect zoom
0	plastic parts
0	moldable parts
1	Inexpensive, very good quality, fun, easy to use.
1	Inexpensive, very good quality, fun, slow to use.
1	easy to use, low cost, no contracts, no monthly fees
1	well-fixed to use, miserable cost, no contracts, no monthly fees
1	Size, ease of use.
1	Size, comfort of use.
1	Inexpensive Cost/Good software bundle
1	Inexpensive Cost/near software bundle
0	very short battery life
0	very shortly battery life
1	Small, cute tv screen, I got money back after rebate, custom features
1	little, cute tv screen, I let money back after rebate, custom features
1	Compact, stylish, well contructed phone.  Long Battery Life
1	constrict, stylish, well contructed phone.  Long Battery Life
1	Disk Tools on board , ease of operation
1	Disk Tools on board , facilitate of operation
0	reds are too bright
0	bolshie are too bright
1	direct connect, see through cover, large display screen
1	steer connect, see through cover, large display screen
1	Price, Ease of use, Build Quality
1	Price, Ease of use, Build lineament
1	Saturated, sharp images at all resolutions, twist-style body
1	Saturated, sharp images at all firmness, twist-style body
1	antenna on an angle away from head
1	antenna on an tilt away from head
1	Small, good sound, My Faves, easy to use
1	Small, good sound, My Faves, wanton to use
1	Stylish, compact, lots of features, great reception, changeable faceplates, and it's cheap!
1	Stylish, compact, wad of features, great reception, changeable faceplates, and it's flash!
1	3.5 floppy goes into any computer, delete bad pics, good 16x zoom
1	ternion.5 floppy goes into any computer, delete sorry pics, good 16x zoom
0	Expensive, slightly bulky, horrible company to deal with for support
0	Expensive, slightly bulky, horrible company to trade with for confirm
0	6162 flip front is awkward
0	6162 riffle front is awkward
1	Excellent sound quality, good battery life, very durable.
1	Excellent sound quality, good battery aliveness, very durable.
1	Good quality print, easy extra features, quiet, cost efficeint, well designed
1	Good calibre print, easy extra feature, quiet, cost efficeint, well designed
1	Great service, good battery life
1	big service, good battery life
1	Excellent Value.....Inexpensive not Cheap
1	Excellent Value.....Inexpensive not gaudy
1	Easy to Use, Light, Long battery life
1	easygoing to Use, Light, Long battery life
0	Wish I had it sooner!
0	Wish I had it Sooner!
1	crystal clear pictures
1	crystal clear characterisation
1	Warranty, good price, fast
1	Warranty, unspoilt price, fast
0	VERY VERY VERY low volume for ear piece
0	VERY VERY VERY low volume for spike piece
0	Cheap design/hardware, moving parts actually came loose and fell out.
0	Cheap design/hardware, go parts actually came loose and precipitate out.
0	a little noisy
0	a lilliputian noisy
0	Included batteries, no protective case included
0	Included batteries, no protective encase included
0	Bulky
0	bulky
0	Big, no case
0	Big, no slip
0	way overpriced
0	way overprice
0	no optical zoom
0	no opthalmic zoom
1	size, and quality
1	size, and timber
0	Low Resolution Photo; Keypad Layout; No built-in Games
0	broken Resolution Photo; Keypad Layout; No built-in Games
1	Great Name
1	Great call
1	good quality pictures, low price
1	right quality pictures, low price
0	it would be nice if kodak included a lens cap retainer
0	it would be decent if kodak included a lens chapiter retainer
1	Easy to use, good quality output, good speed
1	Easy to employ, good quality output, good speed
0	goes thru batteries like crazy, battery door is weak
0	fail thru batteries like crazy, battery door is weak
0	adjusting to no film processing?
0	adjusting to no pic processing?
1	great printer, excellent results
1	peachy printer, excellent results
1	Low price
1	low-toned price
0	Slow
0	ho-hum
1	Great price, good quality color printing, quicker than ink jet.
1	dandy price, good quality color printing, quicker than ink sooty.
0	I'll let you know when I find one!
0	I'll let you know when i find one!
0	lacks parking brake, sun shield is too small, somewhat awkward to fold
0	lacks parking brake, sun harbour is too modest, somewhat awkward to fold
0	Size/geometry, resolution vs. alternatives
0	sizing/geometry, resolution vs. alternatives
1	great price
1	enceinte price
0	slow response in menus, keypad, low speaker and ring sounds, internal battery, etc.
0	slow response in menus, keypad, first speaker and ring sounds, internal shelling, etc.
0	Too easy to accidentally push a button; voice dial keeps resetting
0	Too loose to accidentally push a button; voice dial sustenance resetting
1	Small size, light weight, great photos, great video
1	Small size, illume weight, great photos, great video
0	unable to alphabetize phone book, not user-friendly&#13;&#10;
0	unable to alphabetize earphone book, not user-friendly&#13;&#10;
1	A perfect product , the 10X optical Zoon ,in total is high quality product.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	adenine gross product , the 10X optical Zoon ,in total is high caliber product.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#tenner;
0	Can't think of any.
0	Can't recollect of any.
0	Digital zoom = why bother?
0	Digital zoom = why rag?
0	Small screen, hard to see screen in bright sunlight.
0	Small screen, hard to figure screen in bright sunlight.
1	Features, display, bluetooth, quality/reception.
1	Features, display, bluetooth, prize/reception.
0	GTE's policies on replacement.
0	GTE's policies on transposition.
0	not always intuitive to know what buttons to push to get the right option
0	not always intuitive to know what buttons to promote to get the good option
0	Poor battery life, no USB connection, lose quality when use zoom.
0	piteous battery life, no USB connection, lose quality when usance zoom.
0	Low optical zoom; flimsy feel; poor LCD; unreliable; poor viewfinder
0	dispirited optical zoom; flimsy smell; poor LCD; unreliable; poor viewfinder
1	Great features, ease of use, nice lighting,etc
1	enceinte features, ease of use, nice lighting,etc
1	great pictures, easy to manage
1	great pictures, well-to-do to manage
1	Can't think of any
1	Can't conceive of any
0	No built-in USB connection, Zoom lens has a mind of its own, Flimsy CF slot cover
0	No built-in USB connection, whizz lens has a heed of its own, Flimsy CF slot track
0	Loud, slow at starting print jobs, not very durable.
0	Loud, slow at starting print speculate, not very durable.
1	Up to 100 pictures per memory card., No more film developing!
1	Up to C pictures per memory lineup., No more film developing!
0	cost, ear bud for hands-free kit.
0	price, ear bud for hands-free kit.
0	Needs a lot of light
0	Needs a lot of alight
0	Mediocre interface, lacks new features
0	Mediocre interface, lacks New features
0	expensive for the average consumer, only 3x zoom, no other major weaknesses
0	expensive for the median consumer, only 3x whizz, no other major weaknesses
1	Very easy to use, good features and quality pictures. USB
1	Very easy to utilization, proficient features and quality pictures. USB
0	Small for a palm, large for a phone
0	Small for a palm, magnanimous for a phone
0	LCD display is jerky and slow, no carrying case, AC adaptor expensive ($50), poor digital zoom
0	LCD display is gooselike and obtuse, no dribble case, AC adaptor expensive ($50), poor digital zoom
1	Low price for a VERY GOOD QUALITY
1	Low price for a VERY GOOD quality
0	goes thru the ink!
0	ecstasy thru the ink!
0	Not the smallest camera on the market
0	non the smallest camera on the market
0	Auto color balance isn't perfect, need to use the dock for all connections
0	Auto gloss balance isn't perfect, need to use the dock for all connection
1	Size, metal case, Canon quality
1	Size, metal subject, Canon quality
1	Cheap, Great for child or e-bay pictures, etc. Software comes with it.
1	Cheap, slap-up for child or e-bay delineation, etc. Software comes with it.
1	Good looking, large ink cartridges
1	secure looking, large ink cartridges
1	Came with the computer. Good for basic, minimal printing.
1	Came with the computer. honest for basic, minimal printing.
0	RAW format is nice perk but takes a long time to process
0	RAW arrange is nice perk but takes a long meter to process
0	Poor Owners Manuel
0	Poor possessor Manuel
1	Looks good
1	Looks practiced
1	Easy to use, great results...a perfect first digital camera
1	Easy to use, heavy results...a perfect low digital camera
0	Bad quality overall; camera, ring-tones, graphics are all bad.
0	Bad quality overall; camera, ring-tones, graphics are all forged.
1	Size &amp; weight are astounding. Has most "big camera" features at affordable prices.
1	Size &amp; weighting are astounding. Has most "cock-a-hoop camera" features at affordable prices.
0	no usb connector, only 1.3 megapixel
0	no usb connector, only I.3 megapixel
1	Excellent quality pictures, easy to use, good control over exposure
1	Excellent quality pictures, easy to role, honorable control over exposure
0	Sometimes confusing menus and dorky antenna
0	Sometimes discombobulate menus and dorky antenna
1	Quality, price, add-on accessories, LOTS of features, size, great macro, SCENE mode, etc.
1	Quality, price, add-on accouterment, wad of features, size, great macro, SCENE mode, etc.
1	Cheap, good pictures, borderless printing
1	gaudy, good pictures, borderless printing
0	Videos are low resolution, battery life is okay, 32 MB card is inadequate
0	Videos are low resolution, battery aliveness is okey, 32 MB card is inadequate
1	Superb Quality Pictures, LOW LOW PRICE, TRUE 1.3megapixel,  super portable
1	Superb character Pictures, LOW crushed PRICE, TRUE 1.3megapixel,  super portable
0	is kind of big
0	is kind of large
1	Compact, lightweight, user-friendly, affordable, high quality photos
1	Compact, lightweight, user-friendly, affordable, high select photos
0	my 4th canon in 3 years
0	my 4th canyon in 3 years
0	Uses a lot of ink if printed at best settings
0	Uses a heap of ink if printed at best background
0	None
0	none
1	Quiet, fast, inexpensive
1	hush, fast, inexpensive
0	nothing
0	zippo
1	Ease of use, no film, easy to use media
1	Ease of use, no film, easy to employ media
0	ink cartridges hard to find/are expensive, my scanning part is slow now
0	ink cartridges heavily to retrieve/are expensive, my scanning part is slow now
1	small, light, tough, inexpensive, viewfinder
1	pocket-size, light, tough, inexpensive, viewfinder
1	None
1	none
0	Inconsistent
0	inconsistent
0	none
0	none
1	Small size, clear reception, so easy to use-my technology impaired dad can operate it.
1	Small size, clear reception, so easy to use-my technology impaired daddy can run it.
0	None yet
0	None hitherto
0	$599 MSRP.
0	$599 MSRP.
1	Brilliant blue backlight, attractive case, web enabled, lightweight, and has many useful features.
1	glorious blue backlight, attractive case, WWW enabled, lightweight, and has many useful features.
1	You are able to talk to people!!!
1	You are able to lecture to people!!!
0	None
0	none
0	Black Ink Very Wet on Photo's, A Bit Slower Than I Thought
0	Black Ink Very moisture on Photo's, A Bit Slower Than iodine Thought
0	A bit large
0	A bit great
0	2x Optical Zoom, Battery Life
0	2x ocular Zoom, Battery Life
0	Cut corners to keep down price
0	Cut corners to preserve down price
1	floppy drive, easy to hold, easy to operate
1	floppy drive, prosperous to hold, easy to operate
1	all of the above
1	all of the above
0	I bit big and heavy for casual photo taking.
0	I bit big and heavy for casual photo strike.
0	Full page text (BxW or color)or photos print much slower than the specifications indicate. 
0	full-of-the-moon page text (BxW or semblance)or photos print much dense than the specifications indicate. 
0	LCD screen doesn't tilt
0	LCD screen doesn't pitch
0	None
0	none
0	For a little more money you can get more phone in the Sanyo 5600!
0	For a little more money you can draw more sound in the Sanyo 5600!
0	Jams tough to unjam, doesn't handle thick stock well, sometimes feeds paper at an angle
0	Jams tough to unjam, doesn't handle dense fund comfortably, sometimes feeds paper at an angle
1	More options than I will ever use, easy to use.
1	More options than single will ever expend, easy to use.
1	both software and camera are easy enough for anyone to operate
1	both software and camera are prosperous enough for anyone to run
1	Integrated Palm and Tri-band CDMA phone
1	structured Palm and Tri-band CDMA phone
1	value, quality, easy installation
1	assess, quality, easy installation
0	Bad reception and VERY poor sound quality
0	Bad reception and VERY miserable sound quality
1	EASY TO USE, good pictures, lots of options, compact and lightweight
1	soft TO USE, good pictures, oodles of options, compact and lightweight
1	Great Speed, Water Resistant Ink, Individual Color Cartridges, Highly Reliable, Great Looking.
1	peachy Speed, Water Resistant Ink, Individual Color Cartridges, Highly Reliable, heavy Looking.
1	Great Camera, Speaker phone is clear, Lightweight, Lens Cover, Good Reception and Battery
1	outstanding Camera, Speaker phone is clear, Lightweight, Lens track, Good Reception and Battery
0	None yet
0	None withal
1	price/feature, voice dialing, trimode
1	terms/feature, voice dialing, trimode
0	Everything else but the battery life.
0	Everything else but the battery biography.
0	In it's class it has none.
0	In it's form it has none.
0	Ring volume, occasionally reboot necessary
0	band volume, occasionally reboot necessary
1	Durability, signal, sound quality, camera, size, email pics to yourself.
1	durability, point, sound quality, camera, size, email pics to yourself.
1	Very portable, fast, high resolution text printing, good color printing
1	Very portable, quick, high-pitched resolution text printing, good color printing
0	Horrible battery life. Requires charging every single day.
0	Horrible battery life. Requires charging every single Day.
0	No A/C adapter included
0	No ampere/C adapter included
1	Good Price, Great Resolution, Great Colors
1	Good Price, Great solvent, Great Colors
0	no push to talk, camera quality poor
0	no labor to talk, camera quality poor
1	Speed, Quality, Separate Ink Tanks
1	Speed, Quality, split Ink Tanks
1	Small, cool looking but nothing else about this phone is good
1	Small, cool looking but zip else about this phone is dear
0	Color good, but not not as good as you may need
0	Color estimable, but not not as secure as you may need
0	Noisy, ink user
0	noisy, ink user
1	Excellent picture quality, ease of use, super software support
1	Excellent depiction quality, ease of use, super software support
0	Parallel port support questionable, pricey
0	Parallel port hold questionable, pricey
0	Takes up a fair amount of desk real-estate!
0	yield up a fair amount of desk real-estate!
1	Good entry level digital camera with several manual features
1	skilful entry level digital camera with several manual features
0	hard to use some features
0	hard to exercise some features
0	separate cartridges for color/black, cartridges dry up quickly if not used daily.
0	separate cartridges for color/Black, cartridges wry up quickly if not used daily.
1	Full keyboard, exstensive battery life, tons of features
1	Full keyboard, exstensive battery lifespan, tons of features
0	rough ride over rugged terrain
0	bumpy ride over rugged terrain
1	size, camera dock, software, lots of features, internal memory.
1	size, camera dock, software, muckle of features, internal memory.
0	HP OfficeJet T45 does take a considerable amount of space.
0	HP OfficeJet T45 does rent a considerable amount of place.
1	great features, stand-by and talk time is outstanding
1	great characteristic, stand-by and talk time is outstanding
0	Size, battery life, crash potential
0	Size, battery life, crash voltage
1	Long battery life, good quality images
1	Long battery life, proficient quality images
0	Largest memory stick is 128MB.  Do not come with a case.  Lots of accessories.
0	Largest memory stick is 128MB.  Do not total with a case.  slews of accessories.
0	None yet.
0	None still.
0	lose it easy
0	lose it soft
1	Sturdy, Shortcut key is nice
1	sturdy, Shortcut key is nice
1	Free with PC purchase
1	unfreeze with PC purchase
0	control is a bit awkward, battery life not very long
0	control is a bit awkward, bombardment lifespan not very long
0	Poor Image Size &amp;amp; Quality, Featureless
0	Poor Image Size &AMP;amp; Quality, Featureless
0	Haven't found any yet
0	Haven't witness any yet
1	Gorgeous, Full featured,You will never miss your 35mm SLR
1	Gorgeous, Full boast,You will never lack your 35mm SLR
1	USB Camera, Small, Compact Design
1	USB Camera, Small, Compact project
0	Poor pictures, no tech support.
0	Poor pictures, no tech keep.
0	Pricey; lack of programmability on printer panel, i.e. duplexing must be done through the driver
0	high-priced; lack of programmability on printer panel, i.einsteinium. duplexing must be answer through the driver
0	3 month warranty, No infrared receiver, High ink prices
0	3 month warranty, No infrared receiver, highschool ink prices
1	Nice features available.
1	Nice have available.
1	Great phone to have...
1	keen phone to have...
0	A bit bulky and heavy
0	a bit bulky and heavy
1	Small, point and shoot and nice looking
1	Small, point and pullulate and nice looking
0	Very poor support
0	Very poor patronage
1	Good reception, nice and small, has a flip, easy to use, decent battery life
1	Good reception, nice and small, has a alternate, easy to function, decent battery life
0	Ink cost
0	Ink be
0	only 2 meg flash card, eats batteries
0	only 2 meg wink card, eats batteries
0	Close-ups can be blurry at times.
0	Close-ups can be blurry at time.
0	Bulky with echo.
0	Bulky with resound.
0	No USB support.  Short battery life.
0	No USB support.  Short barrage life.
1	Portable, durable, all metal case, good feature set
1	Portable, durable, all metal font, good feature set
1	Floppy disk
1	Floppy disc
0	Bad battery life, serious reliability problems
0	Bad battery life, grievous reliability problems
1	Compact phone with an excellent digital camera and MP3 Player.
1	pack phone with an excellent digital camera and MP3 actor.
0	Battery life isn't great and the memory card is not large enough
0	Battery life isn't nifty and the memory card is not large adequate
0	Not able to password lock phone.
0	Not able to password interlace phone.
1	Lightweight, good battery, easy to use
1	Lightweight, good battery, easy to utilisation
0	low quality in comparison to other printers that don't cost a whole lot more
0	low quality in comparison to other printers that don't cost a unscathed caboodle more
0	Canopy, Bottom Mesh Basket
0	Canopy, rump Mesh Basket
0	Can't download rings, Doesn't have external caller ID, SIM card too easily accessed
0	Can't download phone, Doesn't have external caller ID, SIM placard too easily accessed
1	Ease of use, image quality, value
1	ease of use, image quality, value
0	Lacks some features of G2
0	want some features of G2
0	Everything else.
0	Everything else.
1	Great quality, super quiet, CHEAP
1	Great quality, super quiet, loud
1	small and lightweight, easy to use
1	small and whippersnapper, easy to use
1	Quality, Style
1	select, Style
1	Changeable case, Ring tones, Good screen
1	Changeable case, Ring tones, near screen
0	uhhh... I suppose the screen does eat battery.
0	uhhh... I suppose the covert does eat battery.
0	Not the highest quality you would expect.
0	Not the highest lineament you would expect.
1	Cheap price, easy to install, cartridges are easy to change
1	tatty price, easy to install, cartridges are well-to-do to change
1	wonderful color printing, quiet, very built well!
1	marvelous color printing, quiet, very built well!
1	Small, Light, and Easy To Use
1	small-scale, Light, and Easy To Use
0	Cannot get 2-way text messaging to work yet. (my fault)
0	Cannot let 2-way text messaging to mold yet. (my fault)
0	None
0	none
1	Pocketable.  Stylish.  AA Batteries
1	Pocketable.  Stylish.  AA shelling
1	perfect for a beginner
1	utter for a beginner
0	Just make sure you buy it from somewhere other than Cellular Choice.
0	Just build sure you corrupt it from somewhere other than Cellular Choice.
0	No fax, had to download a driver from some place else.
0	no fax, had to download a driver from some send else.
1	Quiet, excellent quality for the price, Durable, and a great low price
1	repose, excellent quality for the price, Durable, and a neat low price
0	Low talk time, antenna breaks easier than most
0	Low tattle time, antenna breaks easier than most
0	Nothing I did not expect before buying.  Nothing worth complaining about.
0	Nothing i did not expect before buying.  Nothing worth kvetch about.
1	Fast, inexpensive, good quality
1	Fast, inexpensive, unspoilt quality
0	NONE
0	none
0	Eats thru batteries quickly if you do not have the AC adaptor
0	corrode thru batteries quickly if you do not have the AC adapter
0	Difficult to see screen in low light; quality of construction could be better...
0	Difficult to regard screen in low twinkle; quality of construction could be better...
1	Overall image quality
1	Overall image calibre
0	Lens cap is not attached to the camera in any way.  It eats batteries.
0	Lens hood is not attached to the camera in any manner.  It eats batteries.
1	Finally!  A successful marriage of a Palm and Cell Phone.
1	last!  A successful marriage of a Palm and cadre Phone.
0	Splash some water on it, it dies.
0	Splash some water on it, it go.
1	Download ringtones and pictures, very customizable.
1	Download ringtones and characterisation, very customizable.
1	- Good Standby time
1	- just Standby time
0	battery life, ugly looks, bulky
0	battery life, ugly aspect, bulky
1	Pull-Out Antenna, Tri-Mode, WebBrowser and Text Msging Enabled
1	Pull-Out antenna, Tri-Mode, WebBrowser and Text Msging Enabled
1	Ease of set-up, quality of photos
1	relaxation of set-up, quality of photos
1	Affordable and Functional
1	Affordable and usable
0	battery is non-standard, LCD could be better outdoors, pricey
0	battery is non-standard, LCD could be best outdoors, pricey
0	Ink cartridges are expensive. Will not print banners.
0	Ink pickup are expensive. Will not print banners.
1	Fast and Excellent Quality
1	Fast and splendid Quality
0	should have purchased sooner! can't find any cons
0	should have purchased sooner! can't discovery any cons
1	Great for photos, easy to use
1	cracking for photos, easy to use
0	slower than multi-purpose printers, uses a lot of ink, tricky calibration
0	slower than multi-purpose printers, uses a set of ink, slippery calibration
0	Slow call answering; slow media response; call dropping; Poor Motorola support; can't hear ringer.
0	slowly call answering; slow media response; call dropping; Poor Motorola accompaniment; can't hear ringer.
1	Flip phones are a good thing
1	Flip phones are a unspoiled thing
0	Speaker could use more power, standard battery runs out fast.
0	Speaker could use more superpower, standard battery function out fast.
1	Great quality printing for everyday printjobs and photos.
1	Great quality printing for everyday printjobs and photograph.
1	Relatively inexpensive, holds a lot of pictures
1	Relatively inexpensive, concur a lot of pictures
1	Price, speed, dependability
1	Price, rush, dependability
0	Buying accessories ...
0	corrupt accessories ...
0	Redeye, Kodak software poorly depicts picture quality
0	Redeye, Kodak software seedy depicts picture quality
1	Individual ink tanks
1	mortal ink tanks
1	Lightweight &amp; small; great software &amp; features; EASY to use
1	Lightweight &amp; small; outstanding software &amp; features; tardily to use
0	1. Careful reading of documentation a MUST , 2. Will Fuji build a star in follow-up?
0	1. Careful record of documentation a MUST , 2. Will Fuji chassis a superstar in follow-up?
0	Very light weighted!
0	Very scant weighted!
1	Great phone with superior battery life
1	Great phone with higher-up battery life
0	Cheap design, poor software/user communication, huge footprint.
0	Cheap figure, poor software/user communication, huge footprint.
0	Slow when printing HQ photos, Expensive ink and frequent need to replace
0	slow when printing HQ exposure, Expensive ink and frequent need to replace
0	Batteries?????
0	bombardment?????
0	Noisy
0	noisy
0	detachable hood is a bit weird
0	detachable tough is a bit weird
0	The operating system is attractive and user-friendly.
0	The engage system is attractive and user-friendly.
1	Great image, good video, good audio recorder, cradle is a nice touch.
1	Great envision, good video, thoroughly audio recorder, cradle is a nice touch.
0	Horrible manual, mediocre software
0	atrocious manual, mediocre software
0	It has tipped over on occasion, only once with baby inside!
0	IT has tip over on occasion, only once with baby inside!
1	photo quality is very good
1	photo quality is very effective
0	4MB of internal memory, no power adapter, poor LCD.
0	4MB of internal memory, no superpower adapter, poor LCD.
1	All-n-one functionality
1	All-n-one functionality
1	Great quality enlargements.
1	capital quality enlargements.
0	The full feature and option list is a long list to learn!
0	The wide feature and option list is a prospicient list to learn!
1	A fabulous stroller for 2 either close in age or varying ages!!!!
1	A mythic stroller for 2 either close in age or varying years!!!!
0	trigger-delay, weight, no zoom
0	trigger-delay, weight, no surge
0	lack of essential accessories, 3x zoom 
0	lack of essential accessories, 3x whizz 
0	large footprint, inadequate memory
0	big footprint, inadequate memory
0	Takes forever, paper loading sucks
0	occupy forever, paper loading sucks
1	CarlZeiss glass lens, 5MP, records to CD-RW, reasonable lag time, large LCD viewfinder
1	CarlZeiss glass lens, 5MP, book to CD-RW, sensible lag time, large LCD viewfinder
1	very light, color change covers, nice battery life, games and other features
1	very low-cal, color alter covers, nice battery life, games and other features
0	Not good for uneven surfaces
0	Not respectable for uneven surfaces
0	view screen hard to see in bright light
0	view sort hard to see in bright light
0	Slow printing speed, only optimal on photo prints, not borderless 8.5 x 11 inch prints.
0	Slow printing speed, only optimal on photo print, not borderless 8.cinque decade 11 inch prints.
0	problems installing, defective
0	problems instal, defective
1	It looks sleek,and offers multifunctions at a very good price.
1	It looks satiny,and offers multifunctions at a very undecomposed price.
0	None so far.
0	None so Interahamwe.
0	none
0	none
1	Solid HP quality that is lasting and high quality output.
1	self-coloured HP quality that is lasting and luxuriously quality output.
1	photo reproduction
1	photo replication
1	Great value, powerful optical zoom, versatile functions, nicely balanced.
1	peachy value, powerful optical zoom, versatile functions, nicely balanced.
0	Annoying.
0	annoying.
0	poor reception compared to similar phones
0	poor reception compared to similar phone
1	Price performance ratio high. Versatile.  Feature packed. Durable. Easy to use.
1	Price execution ratio high. Versatile.  Feature packed. Durable. well-fixed to use.
1	Convenience, file size, battery life.
1	Convenience, file size, battery liveliness.
1	small size, very speedy, accessible, never any problems, is very helpful
1	small size, very speedy, approachable, never any problem, is very helpful
0	Questionable reliability... poor flash, expensive!
0	refutable reliability... poor flash, expensive!
0	Tray the paper fall into does not pull out. 
0	Tray the paper precipitate into does not pull out. 
0	Noisy
0	noisy
0	Small CF Card Included, Imaging Software Included Lacks Power
0	Small CF Card Included, envision Software Included Lacks Power
0	Too large to wear at the waist; battery life is rather short.
0	Too large to wear at the waist; barrage aliveness is rather short.
0	Kind of big.
0	Kind of self-aggrandising.
1	Price, quality print &amp;amp; speed
1	Price, quality print &amp;amp; amphetamine
0	No IRDA prort,Program cable not included.
0	No IRDA prort,program cable not included.
0	Poor paper tray
0	poor paper tray
0	drivers?
0	driver?
0	low quality
0	low timbre
1	Umm. It rings. Pathetic FM radio requiring headphones.
1	Umm. It rings. Pathetic FM radio requiring headphone.
0	it comes with basics only, so you pay more to add ringtones, games, accessories
0	it occur with basics only, so you pay more to add ringtones, plot, accessories
0	HEAVY!
0	punishing!
0	Quality of picture
0	Quality of impression
1	Inexpensive, high quality, features
1	Inexpensive, high lineament, features
0	Slow startup time, glitchy shutter release.
0	retard startup time, glitchy shutter release.
1	PhotoRetII/III is trully the BEST printing tech currently avilable. Semi-Prof Photo output.
1	PhotoRetII/threesome is trully the better printing tech currently avilable. Semi-Prof Photo output.
1	Size, phone book, vibra call alert
1	Size, phone book, vibra yell alert
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
0	My carrier disabled the wide feature dictated (OBEX).  "LOCATION" champaign is missing in the calendar.
1	Speed, Quality, noise Level
1	Speed, Quality, noise charge
0	Music player, expensive Verizon Media downloads.
0	euphony player, expensive Verizon Media downloads.
1	Great price, excellent performance and value
1	Great price, excellent functioning and value
1	lightweight, slim, flat, bright in color
1	lightweight, slenderize, flat, bright in color
1	Easy install, reliable, acceptable quality
1	slowly install, reliable, acceptable quality
0	Not flashy.  Not compatible with some old bluetooth gear.
0	Not flashy.  Not compatible with some quondam bluetooth gear.
1	Lightweight, slim, good feature set, good screen clarity
1	Lightweight, slim, good feature set, respectable screen clarity
1	inexpensive, high quality, small, quiet
1	inexpensive, high caliber, small, quiet
0	Wheels do crack; seat will turn moldy if not properly dry.
0	Wheels do chap; seat will spell moldy if not properly dry.
1	Outstanding image quality, great range of features, very easy to use overall
1	Outstanding image quality, peachy range of features, very easy to role overall
1	Great color 
1	Great semblance 
0	No zoom, No LCD, Not TTL (through the lens)
0	no zoom, No LCD, Not TTL (through the lens)
1	Great LCD display, great features on the camera, easy to use
1	Great LCD display, great features on the camera, comfortable to habit
1	Better than sending smoke signals.&#13;&#10;Battery has decent life, good sound quality.
1	Better than direct smoke signals.&#13;&#10;shelling has decent life, good sound quality.
0	ringtones, key placement
0	ringtones, cay placement
1	voice tags, bright screen, polyphonic ringtones, uses 51XX, 33XX, 82XX power accessories
1	vocalise dog, bright screen, polyphonic ringtones, uses 51XX, 33XX, 82XX power accessories
0	Another serial device to attach, could be better with USB
0	Another consecutive device to attach, could be practiced with USB
1	Easy to use, excellent picture quality, nice software bundle
1	Easy to use, excellent picture quality, decent software bundle
0	Limited ISO range (only 100 and 200). Need to pre-focus. Otherwise excellent.
0	Limited ISO roll (only 100 and 200). take to pre-focus. Otherwise excellent.
1	uses the lexmark print driver and produces an acceptable photo output
1	practice the lexmark print driver and farm an acceptable photo output
1	Really sturdy stroller
1	Really tough stroller
1	Small
1	modest
1	small, lightweight, belt clip is very handy
1	small, lightweight, belt prune is very handy
0	Unreliable.  This camera has broken twice in less than two years.
0	Unreliable.  This camera has confused twice in less than deuce years.
0	small card to being with (8mb); thats it!!!
0	small menu to being with (8mb); thats it!!!
1	High Quality printing
1	High quality printing
1	it took quite a few smashes to break the screen
1	it shoot quite a few smashes to unwrap the screen
1	Easy to Use, Price, Size, Zoom Lens
1	Easy to Use, Price, Size, Zoom lense
1	CD-R technology, excellent image capacity, low cost of frame, wide zoom capability, comfortable view finder
1	CD-R technology, excellent trope capacity, low cost of frame, wide zoom capacity, prosperous view finder
0	Bulkier than a StarTac, smallish screen.
0	Bulkier than a StarTac, smallish filmdom.
1	Color Copying quality and options&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Color Printing quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Color Copying quality and options&amp;#13;&amp;#10;coloring Printing quality&amp;#xiii;&ampere;#10;
1	my 10 year old and grandmother can both operate it!
1	my 10 year onetime and grandmother can both run it!
1	Easy to use, great picture quality
1	Easy to use, great image quality
1	Reasonable price.  Good quality printer
1	Reasonable price.  proficient quality printer
1	pretty
1	moderately
1	Ergonomically familiar to Canon EOS SLR owners.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Camera is capable of absolutely stunning images.
1	Ergonomically comrade to Canon EOS SLR owners.&amp;#13;&AMP;#10;Camera is capable of absolutely stunning icon.
0	Doesn't come with needed Cables.  
0	Doesn't come with require Cables.  
1	Very fast, great color printing(on high quality paper), good price
1	Very fast, capital color printing(on high quality paper), ripe price
0	no cable supplied
0	no telegraph supplied
0	expensive (duh)
0	expensive (duh)
0	Makes awkward load noises while inserting paper and turning it on.
0	shuffle ungainly load noises while inserting paper and turning it on.
0	Power button.
0	power button.
1	Good pictures!
1	Good word-painting!
0	Awful battery life, nextel reception, no notes
0	Awful battery lifespan, nextel reception, no notes
1	Great camera, great price!
1	smashing camera, great price!
0	handling takes "getting used to," 8 megabyte memory stick is a "turn-off"
0	handling takes "getting used to," 8 MiB memory spliff is a "turn-off"
0	No LCD viewfinder, batteries can be pricy.
0	No LCD finder, batteries can be pricy.
0	Auto Focus
0	Auto focusing
0	Low light capability
0	humbled light capability
0	see Deficiencies
0	check Deficiencies
0	Battery life is atrocious, seems like a very "breakable" phone.
0	Battery living is atrocious, seems like a very "breakable" sound.
1	none
1	none
1	Excellent picture quality; flexible &amp; easy picture settings
1	Excellent picture timbre; flexible &amp; easy picture settings
0	user interface, can't feel it vibrate
0	user interface, can't flavor it vibrate
0	Battery guzzling
0	Battery guzzle
1	Fast, quiet, incredible prints
1	debauched, quiet, incredible prints
0	Doesn't come with a rechargeable battery pack ($100 extra)
0	Doesn't come with a rechargeable battery pack ($100 supererogatory)
1	Excellent Quality Pictures, Smart Design, Extremely Easy to Use
1	Excellent Quality photo, Smart Design, Extremely Easy to Use
0	heavy - Battery drains quickly (if you use IS lens)
0	laboured - Battery drains quickly (if you use IS lens)
0	none
0	none
0	Picture Quality
0	video Quality
1	Superb design, great sound quality and reception.
1	Superb design, great good quality and reception.
1	A high quality and easy to operate camera, for an affordable price.
1	A high quality and tardily to operate camera, for an affordable terms.
0	Menus not as good as Nokia
0	Menus not as unspoilt as Nokia
1	Small size, lightweight
1	low size, lightweight
0	Loves to eat Batteries!
0	hump to eat Batteries!
0	nothing i can think of, oh wait, lens cap
0	nothing i can imagine of, oh wait, lens cap
0	tech support is awful
0	tech support is unspeakable
0	Gucky Nokia ringtones.
0	Gucky Nokia ringtones.
1	fast, great color pics, quiet.....
1	fast, large color pics, quiet.....
1	Great Color, low price Parallel Port
1	Great Color, low price twin Port
0	Navigating through the contact list is sluggish.
0	Navigating through the contact list is slow.
1	Compact size, low price, image quality, excellent metering.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	succinct size, low price, range quality, excellent metering.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Can't be ran through a scanner
0	Can't be function through a scanner
0	none
0	none
0	autofocus in low lite situations, red eye reduction not optimal,better picture organizing software needed
0	autofocus in broken lite situations, red eye reduction not optimal,better fancy organize software needed
1	Lightweight, small footprint, extended features
1	Lightweight, small footprint, run features
0	VERY LOUD paper feed.
0	VERY garish paper feed.
0	Replacing ink is expensive
0	replace ink is expensive
0	last years model, more memory cards needed 
0	close years model, more memory cards needed 
0	Indoors pictures not always the best.
0	Indoors pictures not always the safe.
0	Menu system is complicated
0	Menu system is rarify
0	This is a bad, bad phone and it must be stopped.
0	This is a regretful, bad phone and it must be block.
0	Delete function , photo quality not great
0	Delete purpose , photo quality not great
1	Feature rich
1	Feature plentiful
1	Easy Setup, Crisp Clear copies, Fast printing
1	well-heeled Setup, Crisp Clear copies, Fast printing
1	Lots of manual settings., Love the new "Scene Modes", Well constructed and built, 
1	mess of manual settings., lovemaking the new "Scene Modes", Well constructed and built, 
0	A little bulky, expensive accessories
0	adenine little bulky, expensive accessories
0	Sucks every piece of paper at once, crappy Win2k drivers and just all around sucks.
0	breastfeed every nibble of paper at once, crappy Win2k drivers and just all round sucks.
0	paper jams constantly, wastes ink
0	paper jams constantly, consume ink
0	Ink cartriges a little expensive
0	Ink cartriges a trivial expensive
1	More Palm than Phone, Color screen, ergonomically designed. Very Cool
1	More Palm than Phone, semblance blind, ergonomically designed. Very Cool
1	Good price, fair print quality, compact
1	safe price, fair print quality, compact
0	Size, Size, Shutter Lag
0	Size, size, Shutter Lag
0	Included software poor.
0	Included software wretched.
0	$20 cable not included, it's kind of slow.
0	$20 telegraph not included, it's kind of slow.
0	problems with reliable reception.
0	job with reliable reception.
0	does not have an ac adapter with it
0	does not have an actinium adapter with it
1	long lasting ink cartridges, good printing output
1	long lasting ink cartridges, good printing turnout
1	Yes
1	yes
1	Easy to use, LOOOOONG battery life.
1	Easy to use, LOOOOONG battery biography.
0	It's an expensive door stop
0	It's an expensive door closure
0	Can't match the power of today's DeskJet printers
0	Can't lucifer the power of today's DeskJet printers
1	low price, good picture quality, LCD display
1	low-pitched price, good picture quality, LCD display
1	Great compact phone; easy to read screen for web usage.
1	Great compact phone; well-off to read screen for web use.
0	big noisy ink guzzler :(
0	adult noisy ink guzzler :(
0	Battery life/ flash settings
0	Battery life/ dart settings
0	It's not supposed to be a shredder
0	It's not hypothecate to be a shredder
0	Problems with driver and CF card.
0	Problems with driver and CF bill.
0	Requires diligence to buy and refill minutes regularly.
0	Requires diligence to steal and refill minutes regularly.
0	The unit is HUGE! bad reception, lacking of important features
0	The unit is HUGE! spoiled reception, lacking of important have
1	Cost, Functionality, Power and Features
1	Cost, Functionality, might and Features
1	Amazing quality, does photos very well!
1	get quality, does photos very well!
1	Excellent sound, good features
1	Excellent voice, good features
1	Quality and ease of use for anyone
1	Quality and rest of use for anyone
0	None as far as I'm concerned
0	None as far as I'm pertain
1	superb quality, excellent speed
1	superb choice, excellent speed
1	Multi function, easy to use, high quality printing, 
1	Multi function, easy to utilize, high quality printing, 
1	High Performance, Numerous Features, Ease of Use
1	High Performance, Numerous Features, Ease of utilise
0	Photo tray broke easily.
0	Photo tray stone-broke easily.
1	Easy to use
1	well-situated to use
0	Poor backlighting; Heavy
0	hapless backlighting; Heavy
1	Great printer for very few dollars
1	peachy printer for very few dollars
0	none
0	none
1	Small size, clarity, appearance, big buttons, fairly simple menus, lightweight, voice dialing
1	Small size, clearness, appearance, big buttons, pretty simple menus, lightweight, voice dialing
1	Sleek, stylish.  Screen has awesome visibility. Small stature.
1	Sleek, stylish.  Screen has awe-inspiring visibility. Small stature.
1	Superb performance, full features for the price.
1	Superb performance, fully features for the price.
1	Great software and easy to use.
1	Great software and easy to consumption.
1	cute, lots of goodies, can transfer photos to my bluetooth computer in a snap
1	cute, lots of goody, can carry-over photos to my bluetooth computer in a snap
1	Cheap printer. Wide paper capacity
1	Cheap printer. Wide wallpaper capacity
0	Other Nokias have more features,no internal vibrate mode
0	Other Nokias have more features,no home vibrate mode
1	nice looking, small size, speed, rechargeable batteries, ease of use, takes movies
1	gracious looking, small size, speed, rechargeable batteries, allay of use, takes movies
0	Price, possible weak reception on GSM1900, memory
0	terms, possible weak reception on GSM1900, memory
1	Smallest size, great functionality, great reception, SMS & predictive text a breeze, good battery life.
1	Smallest size, great functionality, neat reception, SMS & predictive schoolbook a breeze, good battery life.
1	Photo Quality output, nearly continuous tone, excellent price, great drivers
1	Photo Quality output, nearly continuous tint, excellent price, great driver
0	hard to use power button, sometimes goes off by itself
0	concentrated to use power button, sometimes work off by itself
0	Windows XP Installation. Long Distance Number For Tech Support.
0	Windows XP Installation. Long Distance Number For Tech bear.
1	Great pictures, quick download to my PC (USB connector included) 
1	Great characterisation, quick download to my PC (USB connecter included) 
1	Great pictures, good focus, small size, compact, durable
1	heavy pictures, good focus, small size, compact, durable
1	Ease of use, 10x optical zoom
1	informality of use, 10x optical zoom
1	Great battery life, great reception, good features.
1	Great battery life, great reception, commodity features.
1	All around good printer.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	All around practiced printer.&amp;#13;&A;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Case, sold seprately but is still to small for the size of the camera. 
0	incase, sold seprately but is smooth to small for the size of the camera. 
1	Lots of options
1	pile of options
1	very roomy, long lasting
1	very roomy, prospicient lasting
1	Light, easy steering
1	faint, easy steering
1	Ease of use, great quality, fairly large memory card. 
1	relief of use, great quality, fairly large memory card. 
0	none
0	none
0	more features than I really need
0	more features than single really need
0	short battery life, incompatable headset jack
0	short battery sprightliness, incompatable headset jack
1	small &amp; comfortable  size.  Easy to use menus.  Great looking pics.  Many Features.
1	small &amp; comfortable  size.  Easy to apply menus.  gravid looking pics.  Many Features.
1	Ease of use, importability of pictures into most any system
1	Ease of utilize, importability of photo into most any system
0	The printer has problems with the right ink cartridge.
0	The printer has problems with the aright ink cartridge.
1	Sturdy,Navigation,Compact,Design and Function
1	Sturdy,Navigation,bundle,Design and Function
1	Great color screens and feature packed
1	peachy color screens and feature packed
0	Poor signal performance, scratches easily.
0	Poor signal performance, chafe easily.
0	speakerphone is only half-duplex, antenna nub inhibits pocketability, call quality varies, only one color
0	speakerphone is only half-duplex, antenna nub inhibits pocketability, phone lineament varies, only one color
1	uses CD, adequate battery life
1	employ CD, adequate battery life
1	Lite and easy to carry. Handy to have along
1	Lite and easy to post. Handy to have along
1	Price, reliability, toner save feature, great workmanship
1	Price, dependability, toner save feature, great workmanship
0	Canon's lack of going the distance.
0	Canon's lack of going the space.
0	Clunky interface, dim outer screen, no removable memory.
0	ungainly interface, dim outer screen, no removable memory.
0	Not as fast as claimed
0	Not as flying as claimed
1	Good resolution on pictures, easy to figure out how to take pictures and upload.
1	Good resolution on pictures, loose to cypher out how to take pictures and upload.
1	Easy to use and produces excellent photos!
1	Easy to manipulation and produces excellent photos!
0	Bad reception without the headset
0	high-risk reception without the headset
1	Slim, light, great screen!
1	Slim, wanton, great screen!
1	Small size, good image quality, 2x option,
1	Small size, good image tone, 2x option,
0	Phone hangs or restarts automatically, firmware bugs, mono radio output and no colour screen
0	Phone hangs or restarts automatically, firmware bugs, mono radio outturn and no colourize screen
1	high quality, fast, 
1	high prize, fast, 
1	Display, overall size. Cool blue keypad light.
1	Display, overall size. Cool blue keypad illuminate.
0	Moderately Large for Inkjet Printer
0	Moderately expectant for Inkjet Printer
0	battery life, somewhat hard to use display
0	battery life, jolly hard to use display
1	Great Printing Quality, Resolution Is Okay, Included Software!
1	Great Printing Quality, Resolution cost Okay, Included Software!
0	Cannot use CF II cards, LCD in bright sunlight, comes w/ only an 8MB card
0	Cannot utilisation CF II cards, LCD in burnished sunlight, descend w/ only an 8MB card
0	None
0	none
1	Solitaire, small and portable
1	solitaire, small and portable
0	Didn't come with a holster or bluetooth headset.  Can't record videos.
0	Didn't derive with a holster or bluetooth headset.  Can't tape videos.
1	Very cool phone, stylish and superb features.
1	Very assuredness phone, stylish and superb features.
1	Small, Tough, Power Efficient, Not Complicated, quality images., 
1	Small, Tough, Power Efficient, Not complicated, quality images., 
0	Small Buttons
0	small-scale Buttons
0	None
0	none
1	Lightweight, easy to set up and fold down.
1	Lightweight, easy to limit up and fold down.
0	The camera can use a litter better resolution
0	The camera can use a litter near resolution
0	1 megapixal
0	unity megapixal
0	Camera seems cheaply made
0	Camera seems cheaply produce
1	Outstanding quality, speed, features, warranty...
1	Outstanding quality, speed, boast, warranty...
1	Saves You $$$$$$$
1	relieve You $$$$$$$
1	fast, quality, price
1	libertine, quality, price
0	size, some wierdness with switching between phone and Palm modes
0	size, some wierdness with flip-flop between phone and Palm way
1	Great Camera
1	keen Camera
1	Voice activated dialing.
1	vocalise activated dialing.
0	VGA Quality pictures aren't too good, doesn't support smart media card.
0	VGA Quality pictures aren't too good, doesn't affirm ache media card.
1	If you are looking for quality and afforability, look no further
1	If you are bet for quality and afforability, wait no further
1	quick and easy
1	agile and easy
0	Battery life
0	Battery lifetime
0	Only 15 pictures at a Time!
0	Only 15 exposure at a Time!
0	Somewhat Expensive, but you get what you pay for!
0	Somewhat Expensive, but you begin what you pay for!
0	Weak AF in low-light, AF will confirm though OOF, slow write small buffer
0	decrepit AF in low-light, AF will confirm though OOF, boring write small buffer
1	Quality and price
1	quality and price
0	size
0	sizing
0	Cheapest made without accessories needed to enjoy
0	Cheapest made without accessories postulate to enjoy
0	Bad Customer Service and Product Reliabililty
0	Bad Customer avail and Product Reliabililty
0	Baterry life is momentary
0	Baterry life-time is momentary
0	No web browser, smallish keypad.
0	No network browser, smallish keypad.
1	Great quality prints, compact size, built in memory card reader
1	corking quality prints, compact size, establish in memory card reader
0	Horrible image quality, pathetic battery life, no focus, the list goes on...
0	frightful image quality, miserable battery life, no focus, the list goes on...
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to usage
0	low profile buttons
0	down profile buttons
0	a little pricey
0	a slight pricey
1	Good price, Above average print quality.
1	Good price, Above medium print quality.
1	High resolution, compact, versatile, many features
1	High resolution, contract, versatile, many features
0	LCD gets nose smudges when looking through viewfinder
0	LCD grow nose smudges when looking through viewfinder
1	Better screen, better speakerphone, better battery, voice memo
1	comfortably screen, better speakerphone, better battery, voice memo
1	Very easy to use, good quality pictures, LCD screen
1	Very easy to use, secure quality pictures, LCD screen
1	convenience, affordable
1	contrivance, affordable
0	Flip-style is a bit more complicated than necessary?
0	Flip-style is a burn more complicated than necessary?
1	Very simple controls and a wide range of features
1	Very simple controls and a wide roll of features
0	May be too small for some people.
0	May be too minuscule for some people.
0	Fuzzy text on plain paper, Large, tough to find Canon Photo Paper Pro, Pricey
0	Fuzzy text on plain paper, prominent, tough to find Canon Photo theme Pro, Pricey
1	Easy to use menu, sturdy construction
1	slow to use menu, sturdy construction
0	Limited service area with GSM, may pick up a lot of noise
0	Limited service area with GSM, may foot up a band of noise
