1	Small reliable and backed up by Sony (at a premium price)
1	Small reliable and backed up by Sony (at a)
0	There is a problem with the scanner locking on some of the machines.
0	There is scanner problem with the a locking on some of the machines.
0	battery life, upload time
0	battery aliveness, upload time
1	Compact when folded, reclines for younger infants
1	Compact vernal when folded, reclines for younger infants
0	batteries...
0	batteries...
0	High Cost Catridges
0	High Cost 
0	Shutter delay sometimes frustrating, general photo control only
0	Shutter delay sometimes frustrating, general photo ascendence only
1	Too many to list, but my fave is it's functionality.
1	likewise many to leaning, but my fave is it's functionality.
1	Awesome print quality for the price, easy to use, small in design.
1	Awesome print quality amazing for the price, easy to use, small in design.
0	oh, the camera strap can get twisted
0	oh, the camera strap can get welt twisted
1	The bright colors.
1	The bright.
1	paper tray
1	paper 
1	Cheap, portable, and very easy to use.
1	Cheap, use, and very easy to portable.
0	Doesn't fully recline, small basket, expensive.
0	Doesn't fully recline, modest basket, expensive.
1	Good reception, sharp picture, very small.
1	undecomposed Good reception, sharp picture, very small.
1	Compact, rugged, high-quality images
1	Compact, rugged, high-quality double
0	Ringer / Vibrate are weak. Menu Design a bit confusing.
0	Ringer / Vibrate are weak. Menu innovation a bit confusing.
0	keys and display, battery life, menu learning curve, can be pricey.
0	name and display, battery life, menu learning bender, can be pricey.
0	Antenna, Small Buttons
0	Antenna, minuscule Small Buttons
0	No lens cover
0	No cover
0	Signal, Battery Life
0	Life, Battery Signal
0	camera doesnt not take good pictures at all
0	camera doesnt not good pictures at all
1	Cheap price, good color quality
1	Cheap dependable price, good color quality
0	Battery gets hot
0	Battery gets come hot
1	Good print quality
1	honest print quality
0	Cheap shell, poor battery life with flash, weak software
0	Cheap shell, pitiable battery life with flash, weak software
1	Built-in battery charging, great analog controls
1	Built-in battery charging, analog controls
0	A little harder to carry.
0	A footling harder to carry.
1	Truly a workhorse for small office.
1	Truly a workhorse small office.
0	Battery life and no floppy disk to hold photos 
0	Battery life and no floppy barrage disk to hold photos 
0	battery consumption, serial cable, can only use digital zoom on low res.
0	battery uptake, serial cable, can only use digital zoom on humble res.
0	Panorama-mode assistance is a joke
0	Panorama-mode assistance is joke a
0	Olympus' "stinginess" in included extras, included manual not up to expectations
0	Olympus' "stinginess" not included extras, included manual in up to expectations
0	numbers cant be dialed with even small fingers  verizon is a scam Insurance  scam
0	numbers cant be dialed with even small fingerbreadth fingers  verizon is a scam Insurance  scam
0	Construction
0	building
1	Easy to use, it takes nice photos without the flash!
1	Easy to use, it takes nice photos the!
1	Uses floppy disks
1	disks floppy Uses
1	Fairly small, lots of features.
1	Fairly small, lots of.
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	peachy features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	Fast, quality text and photos, easy setup, terrific price
1	terrific, quality text and photos, easy setup, Fast price
0	Physical Size
0	Size Physical
0	Goes through Batteries FAST!! 
0	FAST through Batteries Goes!! 
1	Terrific photo quality, great support, easy to use
1	to photo quality, great support, easy Terrific use
0	no LCD display
0	no LCD presentation
1	Overall good text and picture output.
1	Overall good text and output.
1	Long battery life, 5.0 megapixel, autofocus, nightframe features
1	nightframe battery life, 5.0 megapixel, autofocus, Long features
0	Short battery life, few advanced features.
0	suddenly battery life, few advanced features.
1	excellent print quality
1	print excellent quality
1	Stylish looking and sleek
1	Stylish bet and sleek
1	Small size, sound quality, ringer types, simple user interface
1	Small size, sound quality, ringer case, simple user interface
1	Neat, fresh new design. Light and portable. Colour Screen.
1	new, fresh Neat design. Light and portable. Colour Screen.
0	so-so battery life.
0	so-so life.
1	Incredible photo-quality pictures. Easy to use! USB port compatible and fast.
1	Incredible photo-quality port. Easy to use! USB pictures compatible and fast.
0	battery life is short.
0	battery life short.
1	Lithium Ion Battery, Contact Manager, Handy Tools.
1	Li Ion Battery, Contact Manager, Handy Tools.
1	Easy to use; lots of bells/whistles
1	Easy to employment; lots of bells/whistles
0	poor battery life. ear burner. constant reboots. looses signal.
0	burner battery life. ear poor. constant reboots. looses signal.
0	The paper catcher on the front is my only complaint.
0	The composition catcher on the front is my only ill.
1	Very mobile, great quality for price!!!
1	Very, great quality for price!!!
1	thru the lens viewer, can use floppy
1	thru the lens viewer, can floppy
1	simple to operate, easy on the chequebook, decent quality pics, lightweight
1	simple to operate, on the chequebook, decent pics, lightweight
0	speed/ battery life
0	speed/ battery lifespan
1	High quality output. good speed for quality. compact supply costs are now reasonable
1	High caliber output. good speed for timber. compact supply costs are now reasonable
0	Durability, Sound quality
0	timbre Durability, Sound quality
0	none so far
0	Interahamwe none so far
0	Picture brightness often has to be editted., Price.
0	Picture often has to be editted., Price.
1	ease of setup, use, very good quality
1	ease of setup, use, very sound quality
1	easy to use
1	easy to 
1	Color, polyphonic ringtones, downloadable applications.
1	emblazon Color, polyphonic ringtones, downloadable applications.
0	Worst customer service anywhere.
0	Worst client customer service anywhere.
0	Screen can get scratched, complicated features and speaker sound unclear when loud.
0	Screen can get scratched, complicated features speaker sound unclear loud.
0	Really bad screen with frustrating backlight options
0	real bad screen with frustrating backlight options
1	Price
1	Price
1	Small, lightweight
1	Small, 
1	Very lightweight and compact, comfortable, turns easily even when heavy.  
1	Very lightweight and thick, comfy, turns easily even when heavy.  
0	price
0	price
0	Lags in connecting, battery life
0	connecting in Lags, battery life
0	No low-ink indicator, high cartridge costs, mediocre driver
0	No low-ink richly indicator, high cartridge costs, mediocre driver
1	easy to use, saves to disk
1	easy to use, to saves disk
0	Ink prices
0	Ink damage
0	none
0	none
1	Price, print quality, speed
1	calibre Price, print quality, speed
1	Size of camera, image load time, in-camera options
1	Size of camera, image load time, in-camera adulterate options
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly recollect through design.
0	Drinks ink like a fish, tends to jam quasi-frequently 
0	Drinks ink like a fish, incline to jam quasi-frequently 
0	Most images come out blurry, poor quality in low lighting conditions, BAD close up shots!
0	Most epitome come out blurry, poor quality in low lighting qualify, spoiled close up shots!
1	great text printing, decent speed
1	schoolbook great text printing, decent speed
0	Color Printing Is Not That Great
0	Color Is Not That Great
0	Slow, noisy
0	tardily Slow, noisy
1	Space saver, high quality printing
1	Space saver, high quality print
1	BEST cellular phone I've owned.  Takes a beating and continues to perform.
1	BEST cellular phone I've owned.  Takes a beating and assume continues to perform.
1	Good battery life
1	beneficial battery life
0	battery life when using LCD
0	habituate battery life when using LCD
1	Feature rich, picture quality, storage media flexibility
1	Feature rich, quality, storage media flexibility
0	Price, basket
0	price, basket
0	No manual features.  AC power supply is an option that should have been included.
0	No manual features.  AC power supplying is an option that should have been include.
1	Works very well and very easy to use.
1	Works very well and very to use.
0	None that I can see.
0	None that I construe can see.
0	High price tag, slow printing on large format printing and high cost ink cartridges
0	High price chase, slow printing on large format printing and highschool cost ink cartridges
1	Small size, incredibly sturdy, external date, time & caller ID, long battery life, alarm.
1	Small size, incredibly sturdy, external engagement, time & company ID, long battery life, alarm.
1	5-megapixel resolution; f2.8 3X optical zoom lens; Long-lasting rechargeable battery
1	resolution 5-megapixel; f2.8 3X optical zoom lens; Long-lasting rechargeable battery
0	a little problem printing from quark
0	a minuscule problem printing from quark
0	Unable to download ringers or games.  Moderately high price.
0	Unable to download ringers or games.  Moderately heights price.
0	inkjet speed, cost
0	inkjet hie, cost
0	hard to fold, takes up a lot of room
0	hard to fold, takes up a lot difficult of room
1	Good Software feature
1	sport Good Software feature
1	Fast Print Speed, Good Black and white Color, cheap ink tanks.
1	Fast Print, Good Black and white Color, ink tanks.
1	LIGHTWEIGHT
1	lightweight
0	Horrible contruction, Horrible battery life
0	Horrible contruction, horrible Horrible battery life
0	Only the size.
0	but Only the size.
1	inexpensive, pretty good photo quality, fast for b&amp;w
1	inexpensive, passably effective photo quality, fast for b&amp;w
0	Horrible quality
0	quality Horrible
0	Basic menus, no color, may be expensive without cell plan.
0	Basic menus, no, may be expensive without cell.
1	sturdy durable easy assemble
1	sturdy durable assemble
1	Easy to use, has LCD picture review panel, takes CompactFlash memory cards
1	Easy to use, has LCD picture review panel, takes CompactFlash wit memory cards
1	Light weight = high speed!
1	Light weight = speed high!
0	keep plenty of batteries around
0	keep mickle of batteries around
0	battery life too short...
0	battery life too...
1	Price, Quality, Ease of use, Features.
1	Price, Quality, Ease characteristic of use, Features.
0	Bad Customer Service and Product Reliabililty
0	Bad Customer Service and Reliabililty
0	Buttons are a little unwieldy, camera is low quality, and bluetooth is not fully functional.
0	Buttons are a little and, fully is low quality, unwieldy bluetooth is not camera functional.
1	Cute, fits easily into pants pockets, makes you look and feel cool. That's about it.
1	Cute, fits easily into pants smell pockets, makes meet you look and feel cool. That's about it.
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	flaws size, minor design Large (not ergonomic)
0	Battery life, candy bar design,weak structure,camera blurry, limited memory, buttons hard, slow application
0	Battery life, candy camera design,weak structure,bar blurry, limited memory, buttons application, slow hard
1	picture quality,price
1	timbre picture quality,price
1	image quality, speed, features, compactflash
1	image, speed, features, compactflash
0	Doesn't connect to your PC without another $50 purchase.
0	connect to your PC without another $50 purchase.
1	Battery Life&#13;&#10;Small Size&#13;&#10;Large Display&#13;&#10;4 Digit Call
1	Battery Life&#13;&#10;Small Size&#minor 13;&#10;Large Display&#13;&#xiii 10;4 Digit Call
0	Bulky size, cheesy feel, short lasting color output
0	Bulky size, cheesy color, short lasting feel output
1	Price performance ratio high. Versatile.  Feature packed. Durable. Easy to use.
1	Price Durable ratio high. Versatile.  Feature packed. performance. Easy to use.
1	Cute Appearance, Cool Ringers, Excellent Color Display, External Caller ID, etc..
1	Cute Appearance, Cool ringer, excellent Color Display, External Caller ID, etc..
0	No day-glow colors on the screen, the flip can break. Some confusing terms.
0	No day-glow colors terminus on the screen, the flip can break. Some confusing terms.
1	Sleek, slim, light weight, great battery life...
1	Sleek, slim, light weight, great battery luminousness life...
0	none yet
0	none withal
0	price, plan charges, sound quality, antenna
0	sound, plan charges, price quality, antenna
1	Excellent price, solid quality output. Flexible interfaces and lots of options.
1	turnout Excellent price, solid quality output. Flexible interfaces and lots of options.
1	Nicely lit display, sturdy built
1	Nicely lit display, sturdy establish
0	Folding and unfolding is akward and there is no cup holder
0	Folding and unfolding is and there is cup holder
0	Poor quality, no flash, outdoor pictures only.
0	Poor quality, no flash, outdoor only.
0	size, price
0	damage size, price
1	easy to use, removable/ replaceable memory card, LCD screen...
1	easy to use, removable/ replaceable memory card, expend LCD screen...
1	Easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lightweight
1	Easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#;Lightweight
1	Comfortable design, big buttons, small and light
1	Comfortable design, buttons big, small and light
1	Low original price
1	toll Low original price
0	Slightly big in size and weird number pad layout.
0	big in size and weird number pad layout.
0	Home Power outlet may be inadequate. See HP specification. 
0	place Power outlet may be inadequate. See HP specification. 
0	1-way speakerphone, faceplate difficulties
0	speakerphone, faceplate difficulties
1	easy to use
1	easy to apply
1	Quick. high quality
1	Quick. high speedy quality
0	No zoom, no flash, bad viewfinder, old.
0	No zoom, no flash, bad, old.
1	Lightweight, easy to use, great picture quality
1	Lightweight, easy use, great picture quality
1	Excellent photo quality, reasonably fast printer
1	photo quality, reasonably fast printer
0	Wish the zoom was greater
0	Wish the zoom was gravid
0	Zoom is less than perfect, feature menu cumbersome, included software not up to snuff
0	Zoom is less than perfect, feature menu cumbersome, software not up to 
1	A great deal; upgradrable and reasonably priced.
1	A great deal; and reasonably priced.
0	The sunscreen isn't big enough to be effective and there's no hand brake.
0	The sunscreen isn't bragging enough to be effective and there's no manus brake.
1	Great pics,small,features, sound movie, stitch, screen 
1	Great pics,small,features, audio movie, stitch, screen 
1	Good Value, Expandable, Fast
1	Good Value, expansible, Fast
1	reliable, won't break
1	reliable, won't 
1	Great quality prints, easy to install, looks cool
1	Great expect quality prints, easy to install, looks cool
1	HL 1440 has fast print speed 15p, great quality text,small footfrint.
1	1440 has fast print speed 15p, great quality text,small.
1	Nice camera for not a lot of $$
1	Nice lot for not a camera of $$
1	Compact, and easy to use
1	Compact, and easy to exercise
1	low price, good picture quality, LCD display
1	low damage price, good picture quality, LCD display
0	Slow
0	slow Slow
0	Couldn't find one ,unless you feel that paying less for more is a con.
0	Couldn't find one ,unless you that paying less for is a con.
1	cheap
1	cheap
1	Easy and so fun
1	Easy and so merriment
1	makes a good paperweight
1	makes a right paperweight
1	EASE OF USE!!! no cables, no wires, no fuss
1	no OF USE!!! no cables, EASE wires, no fuss
0	none
0	none
1	Excellent picture quality and battery life
1	picture quality and battery life
1	simple, takes clear pictures while moving
1	simple, clear takes pictures while moving
0	The flash doesn't work very well at a distance.
0	The flash doesn't work very well at a act distance.
0	occasional light buzz
0	light occasional buzz
1	cheap price, ease of use
1	cheap use, ease of price
0	Flash range is too short.
0	Flash stray is too short.
0	USB installation could be more seamless
0	more installation could be USB seamless
0	Unflattering strobe pictures, color casts with indoor lighting due to poor auto white balance function
0	Unflattering strobe pictures, color casts with indoor lighting due to poor auto lily-white counterbalance role
0	Lack of zoom
0	of Lack zoom
0	Poor tech support, problems installing drivers &amp;amp; paper jams.
0	support, problems installing drivers &amp;amp; paper jams.
0	I'd still be waiting on pages to print if I'd done my thesis on this 
0	I'd done print waiting on pages to be if I'd still my thesis on this 
0	Who wrote that handbook?
0	Who wrote that enchiridion?
0	Camera detail isn't great
0	Camera detail isn't heavy
0	Haven't found any...
0	Haven't found whatever any...
0	Relatively expensive print cartridges 
0	Relatively cartridges print expensive 
0	Maybe a little on the heavy side with the standard battery
0	Maybe a little on the heavy side with standard 
0	Not real good at quick shots.  
0	Not real good at adept quick shots.  
0	short battery life
0	life battery short
0	Camera quality, lockups, file corruption, price
0	quality Camera, lockups, file corruption, price
0	scratches very easily, not enough memory for photo capacity and text  messaging.
0	scratches very easily, not photo memory for enough capacity and text  messaging.
0	Could look better, saves phone numbers to phone memory (not on SIM) by default
0	Could look better, phone numbers to phone memory (not SIM) by default
1	Great value for the money, great quality output
1	slap-up value for the money, great quality output
0	only ships with colour cartridge, small expensive cartridges
0	only ships cartridge colour with, small expensive cartridges
0	Grainy Picture, Dull Picture, No Speed, LOUD !! 
0	Grainy Picture, slow Picture, No Speed, LOUD !! 
0	Lack of features
0	Lack of have features
1	USB cables, LCD screen
1	USB cables, LCD cablegram screen
1	High quality images, Size, ease of use
1	quality images, Size, ease of use
1	easy to use, quality photos,ready for viewing or e-mailing immediately
1	or to use, quality photos,ready for viewing easy e-mailing immediately
0	Bad longevity, and poor value for the money
0	Bad longevity, and poor value for the short money
0	Low sharpness, distortions in the zoom when wide screen, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;heavy for an camera
0	Low sharpness, distortions in the zoom when 13 screen, &amp;#wide;&amp;#10;heavy an for camera
0	DRINKS INK!!!!!
0	DRINKS!!!!!
1	600 dpi, quick, text and graphics print well, accepts variety of media, horizontal paper tray
1	600 dpi, quick, text mark and graphics print well, good accepts variety of media, horizontal paper tray
0	The quality is terrible and it's a waste of money. 
0	The it's is terrible and quality a waste of money. 
1	Pretty. Fashionable. Thin. Light. Bluetooth.
1	fairly Pretty. Fashionable. Thin. Light. Bluetooth.
1	It cannot be any easier to use.  Good photo quality for price range.
1	It cannot be any easier to use.  photo Good quality for price range.
0	Scanning items
0	rake items
0	Horrible printer
0	frightful Horrible printer
1	sleek, durable battery, pretty
1	sleek, durable moderately battery, pretty
0	Best to use epson paper for photos
0	substantially to use epson paper for photos
1	NONE
1	none NONE
1	Easy to use; downloads quickly; takes excellent photos.
1	to use; downloads quickly; takes excellent photos.
0	Useless screen outdoors and slippery case.
0	Useless screen outdoors and slippery slip.
0	Cheaply manufactured and small basket
0	Cheaply manufactured modest and small basket
0	Premium Glossy photos suffer from bronzing...
0	Glossy Premium photos suffer from bronzing...
1	small enough to fit in pocket or purse, good reception, decent battery life
1	small enough to life in pocket or purse, good reception, decent battery fit
0	expensive, hard to see LED in sun
0	expensive, hard to sun LED in see
1	Easy to use and clear reception
1	Easy to use and wanton clear reception
1	User Friendly, compact, economical laser for small home office
1	User Friendly, billet compact, economical laser for small home office
1	Nice looking
1	Nice appear looking
0	Small basket, not fully reclining.
0	handbasket Small basket, not fully reclining.
0	doesn't live up to claims. quickly breaks down
0	doesn't live up to claims. quickly improving breaks down
0	Batteries, WAP/Net can be slow
0	slow, WAP/Net can be Batteries
0	Bigger battery hog than Fisher Price toys! Oink!
0	Bigger hog battery than Fisher Price toys! Oink!
1	Great photos, fast shutter, lots of options, optical zoom is great.
1	Great photos, fast shutter, scores of options, optical zoom is bully.
1	quality in a tiny package, looks, ease of use, 
1	quality in a tiny package, looks, ease of function, 
0	Bad cartridge life
0	cartridge life
0	UK Price barrier maybe - but worth it!
0	UK Price barrier maybe - but it!
0	Reliability, durability, battery life, construction.
0	Reliability, durability, battery living life, construction.
1	instant pictures, fast, reliable
1	instant scene, fast, reliable
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of employ
0	No Hands Free kit
0	No Hands outfit Free kit
1	Archival printing, photographic quality, excellent color fidelity, included roll paper handling, quiet, easy setup, warranty
1	Archival printing, photographic quality, excellent colouration faithfulness, included roll paper address, quiet, easy setup, warranty
0	Ink is expensive
0	ink is expensive
0	can't call out of servicing area
0	can't call out region of servicing area
0	Some page curl 
0	Some varlet curl 
0	bad placement of the status light
0	bad status of the placement light
1	Compact, stylish, lightweight, and reasonably sturdy
1	Compact, stylish, lightweight, and stout reasonably sturdy
0	Hassle getting into and out of trunk
0	Hassle vex into and out of trunk
1	Still thinking here
1	thinking here
1	Fast, efficient, excellent print quality
1	Fast, print, excellent efficient quality
0	Slightly cool pictures, difficult low light focus.
0	Slightly coolheaded cool pictures, difficult low light focus.
1	Truly excels at text and photo printing. Easily networked. Great software.
1	Truly excels at text and photo printing. networked Easily. Great software.
1	Clear, good-quality print jobs
1	Clear, good-quality print impress jobs
1	Awesome picture Quality
1	tone Awesome picture Quality
0	none that I can think of
0	that none I can think of
1	lightweight, versatile, attractive, slim, tons of features
1	lightweight, versatile, attractive, slim, loads tons of features
1	Manual controls empower you to be creative.
1	Manual controls empower to be creative.
0	Eats batteries
0	batteries Eats
1	picture quality, reliability, design
1	picture, reliability, design
1	Ease of use, LCD viewfinder
1	utilisation Ease of use, LCD viewfinder
0	Expensive shipping cost
0	Expensive shipping expensive cost
1	Pretty displays, SIM Card, Polyphonic ringtones
1	Pretty displays, SIM Card, Polyphonic middling ringtones
0	Turns itself off.  Poor reception.
0	receipt Turns itself off.  Poor reception.
1	Very hip, highly customizable, color screen
1	riddle Very hip, highly customizable, color screen
1	Small and pretty easy to use.  Extras not found on cheap cameras.
1	Small pretty easy to use.  not found on cheap cameras.
0	Print time (but easy to shorten)
0	Print time (but easy to contract)
1	Nice price (especially with a pkg. deal)&#13;&#10;$10 w/activation fee
1	Nice price (especially with a pkg. deal)&#13;&#activating 10;$10 w/activation fee
0	red eye, lens distortion, could use more accessories
0	red eye, lens utilisation distortion, could use more accessories
0	VERIZON WIRELESS forcing their name to blink on the display!
0	VERIZON WIRELESS forcing their nominate to winking on the display!
0	none I can think of
0	none of can think I
1	Everything at your fingertips
1	fingertips at your Everything
0	pricey with or without a contract.  side button ignores calls if pressed by accident.
0	pricey with or without a contract.  if button ignores calls side pressed by accident.
0	2x Digital Zoom, set too rigid -- there's only two settings!
0	2x digital Zoom, fit too rigid -- there's only two settings!
1	Price. Photo quality. Features.
1	Price. Photo. Features.
0	Still the same strange headset dongle; Faceplate is too thin.
0	Still the same headset strange dongle; Faceplate is too thin.
0	Extremely short battery life, flimsy charger receptacle, hard to see display.
0	Extremely see battery life, flimsy charger receptacle, hard to short display.
1	Everything!
1	Everything!
1	Small, stores lots of numbers, wireless Internet capable.
1	cyberspace Small, stores lots of numbers, wireless Internet capable.
1	Lightweight, easy to use, free
1	Lightweight, easy to, free
1	Camera, Speakerphone, Voice commands, nice screen, Verizon has great service.
1	Camera, Speakerphone, Voice, nice screen, Verizon great service.
0	Cons: Eats batteries if you don't have an AC adapter (doesn't come with one either)
0	Cons: eat batteries if you don't have an AC adapter (doesn't seed with nonpareil either)
1	decent printing speed, good quality (black and color), inexpensive
1	decent printing speed, good quality (black and color), cheap inexpensive
1	price, print quality, ease of use
1	price, print quality, ease of utilize use
1	very clear picture, easy to use
1	very clean-cut picture, easy to use
0	Battery life, encourages using network bandwidth, occasional hiccups
0	Battery life, encourages using network occasional, bandwidth hiccups
1	Good quality
1	Good 
0	Everything else. Do not buy this phone!
0	bribe Everything else. Do not buy this phone!
1	More features than you will ever need for a point and shoot.
1	More spot features than you will ever need for a point and shoot.
1	Easy to learn and use
1	leisurely Easy to learn and use
1	Ease of Use, Size, Looks, price
1	Looks of Use, Size, Ease, price
1	Lens and beautiful pics
1	and beautiful pics
0	Not quite as indestructible as higher priced cameras, 6.1 megapixel myth
0	higher quite as indestructible as Not priced cameras, 6.1 megapixel myth
1	Compact and Sleek,Features
1	compress and Sleek,Features
0	Eats batteries, can have trouble focusing
0	Eats batteries, trouble have can focusing
1	Great lens, excellant quality
1	Great lens, excellant select
1	Small, with nice 2 way radio
1	Small, with nice 2 radio
0	Exspensive Ink!
0	Exspensive ink Ink!
1	Affordable, easy to use
1	to, easy Affordable use
0	can only scan and photocopy pics and sheets of paper
0	scan only can and photocopy pics and sheets of paper
0	TOO BIG, Lots of sub-menus, No call forward menu
0	TOO BIG, Lots menu sub-menus, No call forward of
1	Great Pictures.  Easy to use.  Great battery life with NiMH.
1	Great Pictures.  Easy.  Great battery life with NiMH.
0	So far I haven't found any.
0	So far I haven't found iodine any.
1	Absolutely nothing
1	nothing
0	Size - but it is easy to get used to
0	Size - but it is easy to get only used to
0	Can't think of any
0	Can't think of 
0	short battery life, poor resolution, no&amp;#13;&amp;#10;customer service, badly constructed
0	short battery amp, poor resolution, no&amp;#13;&life;#10;customer service, badly constructed
1	zoom, mini movie, Sony=high quality
1	Sony, mini movie, zoom=high quality
0	Slow processor, software is erratic and locks up on download,  exposure control difficult.
0	Slow processor, software erratic locks up on download,  exposure control difficult.
0	picks up your surroundings more than other phones
0	picks up your surroundings than other phones
0	can be intimidating
0	can be 
0	Price
0	cost
1	Slick, small, easy to carry, operates oversea
1	Slick, small, well-heeled to carry, operates oversea
1	Floppy disks
1	Floppy disc disks
1	PDA with World Phone, terrific connectivity (IR,Bluetooth,GPRS,WAP)
1	PDA with World Phone, terrific connectivity (IR,Ir Bluetooth,GPRS,WAP)
1	Easy to glide
1	Easy to easygoing glide
1	Great color and speed at a great price
1	Great and speed at a great price
0	no speakerphone or flash or zoom on camera
0	no speakerphone or or zoom on camera
1	Feature rich
1	rich
1	I sold it again on Ebay.
1	I sold it again on IT Ebay.
0	Slow warming up &amp; between pictures.
0	amp warming up &Slow; between pictures.
1	Downloading Pictures, Ease of Use, Picture Quality. 
1	Use Pictures, Ease of Downloading, Picture Quality. 
1	Compact size, low price, image quality, excellent metering.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Compact low, size price, image quality, excellent metering.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Slow processing speeds, poor battery capacity
0	irksome processing speeds, poor battery capacity
0	Slow Load time, paper feed errors!
0	feed Load time, paper Slow errors!
1	good price
1	price good
0	Zoom needs some work
0	necessarily Zoom needs some work
1	None
1	none None
1	Price
1	Price
0	heavy and costly
0	grievous heavy and costly
0	Red Eye
0	Eye Red
1	Fully reclines, easy to maneuver, compact, easy to open/collapse, will last for many children.
1	Fully reclines, easy to maneuver, compact, easy to outdoors/collapse, will final for many minor.
1	great size, good hearing capabilities
1	great size, hearing capabilities
1	excellent photos, feature rich, heavy.
1	excellent photos, feature rich, sound.
1	none
1	none
0	Damn thing won't find or keep a signal!
0	thing won't find or keep a signal!
1	decent quality, good overall value
1	decent quality, good overall enough value
1	Small size, Zoom
1	Zoom size, Small
1	Very inexpinsive
1	real inexpinsive
0	Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
0	Requires excessive button pushing for clit simple tasks push like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
1	detail; price
1	; price
0	antenna
0	antenna
0	This printer is strictly for printing on Matte papers...other then that it's completely useless...
0	This printer is stringently for printing on Matte theme...other then that it's totally useless...
0	Sprint PCS service
0	dash Sprint PCS service
1	fast, tray folds up, clear print
1	fast, tray folds up, clear mark
0	Quality Sucks&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Eats Batteries
0	Quality Sucks&;#13;&amp;#10;Eats Batteries
1	Lightweight, Bright display, Lots of features and games, voice dialing.
1	Lightweight, Bright display, Lots of and features games, voice dialing.
1	Prints excellent photo quality, compact, easy use and maintenance, USB
1	Prints excellent photo quality, compact, easy use and maintenance, exercise USB
0	Picture quality not a high as standard film.
0	Picture richly quality not a high as standard film.
0	None
0	None
0	Bundled software poor
0	Bundled software pack poor
1	Compact, cost-effective, EXCELLENT quality and resolution
1	stocky, cost-effective, EXCELLENT quality and resolution
1	-Camera and Video
1	-and Camera Video
1	Great pictures, adjustable LCD, lots of features. long battery life
1	Great pictures, adjustable LCD, lots of features. battery long life
0	battery life can be short sometimes but it only takes 2 batteries
0	battery life can be short sometimes but it only issue II batteries
1	Low cost, good quality, reliable
1	broken cost, good quality, reliable
1	Very small, sturdy, and feature filled
1	small, sturdy, and feature filled
0	Pics of my finger, digital zoom
0	Pics of my finger, digital whizz zoom
1	Awesome photo printing, convenient multi-function device
1	photo printing, convenient multi-function device
1	Lots of great features, audio and video options along with storage are great.
1	Lots of swell features, audio and video options along with storage are peachy.
1	Easy install, reliable, acceptable quality
1	satisfactory Easy install, reliable, acceptable quality
1	price, automation and picture quality
1	price, video automation and picture quality
0	Frontal direct flash, quick battery drainage
0	Frontal direct, quick battery drainage
0	no flash
0	newsflash no flash
0	No flash, no viewfinder!
0	No flash, viewfinder no!
1	Design, Factor, Look & Feel, Phone Functions, Bluetooth
1	Design, Factor, Look & Feel, pattern Phone Functions, Bluetooth
0	Can't work on TDMA or CDMA Network  while roaming
0	Can't study on TDMA or CDMA Network  while roaming
1	A great small good quality camera.
1	A great small quality camera.
1	EVERYTHING!
1	EVERYTHING!
1	Lightweight, ease of use, display icons
1	Lightweight, jackanapes ease of use, display icons
1	in a nutshell: glitz, glamour, sass
1	in a nutshell: garishness glitz, glamour, sass
0	Poor image quality? slow.
0	Poor image quality? boring.
0	Tech support
0	stand Tech support
0	Size, battery
0	battery, Size
0	Best phone yet.
0	Best phone hitherto.
0	It doesn't have a very good camera.
0	It doesn't have a good camera.
1	Simple to use. Decent picture quality for price.
1	Simple to use. video Decent picture quality for price.
0	Ink cartridges probably not refillable, reported potential to clog heads.
0	Ink cartridges probably not refillable, reported to potential clog heads.
0	Viewfinder not very accurate, LCD display hard to see in high sunlight conditions
0	Viewfinder not very accurate, LCD display high to see in hard sunlight conditions
1	two cartridge used at once
1	two cartridge apply at once
1	Good to look at, easy to handle
1	Good to calculate look at, easy to handle
0	the basket in the bottom of the stroller will tear if packed to much
0	the basket in throng the bottom of the stroller will tear if packed to much
0	Numerous settings can be confusing to the casual user.
0	Numerous settings can be confusing setting to the casual user.
1	Great image quality, reliable, compatible with Mac &amp; Windows
1	Great amp quality, reliable, compatible with Mac &image; Windows
1	Compact size, lots of features, sleek design
1	summary size, lots of features, sleek design
1	Super image quality, small, light weight, good software
1	Super image quality, small, light, good software
0	mp3 ringtones are marginal, phone speaker is finicky about ear position
0	mp3 ringtones are marginal, phone speaker is virtually finicky about ear position
1	lots of features, extra battery, can record movies
1	lots features, extra battery, can record movies
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, Bluetooth file transfers, weak 
1	Tiny, cute, good pictures!
1	good, cute, Tiny pictures!
0	Not good quality on the photos, no storage
0	Not skilful quality on the photos, no storage
0	Listed in the review.
0	Listed IN in the review.
1	Color display, blue backlit keys...
1	blue display, Color backlit keys...
1	Razor sharp pictures, long battery life, plenty of features and a low price.
1	Razor sharp pictures, long shelling life, plenty of features and a low cost.
1	Fast, Quiet, other things
1	Fast, Quiet, affair other things
1	Great Device
1	keen Device
0	odd shape and size of phone
0	singular shape and size of phone
1	Inexpensive,reliable,and prints rather quickly.
1	Inexpensive,reliable,authentic and prints rather quickly.
0	Image quality is satisfactory, not outstanding.
0	Image quality is satisfactory, non not outstanding.
0	Flimsy antenna, could have better reception.
0	Flimsy antenna, could have thin better reception.
1	Pictures are stored on disks - easy to use.
1	Pictures are stored disks - easy to use.
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
1	charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  keypad.
0	Fair Battery-life, hard for one-hand operation, Dim Screen, One-Beep Alarm/reminder, Doggy reception, Weak Vibration....
0	Fair response Battery-life, hard appal for one-hand operation, Dim Screen, One-Beep Alarm/reminder, Doggy reception, Weak Vibration....
0	Flash relatively useless,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slow focusing,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;1.5 megapixel outdated.
0	Flash relatively useless,&amp;#megapixel;&focusing;#10;Slow amp,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;1.5 13 outdated.
0	Prints slightly skewed (hard to notice), no USB connectivity
0	hard slightly skewed (Prints to notice), no USB connectivity
1	Lot of functions for the price, easy to use, great support 
1	Lot of great for the price, easy to use, functions support 
0	See review
0	examine See review
1	Multifuntional and easy to use and setup.
1	Multifuntional and easy to use and apparatus setup.
0	Small buttons, slightly cheap feel, display and buttons hard to read without backlight
0	Small buttons, slightly cheap feel, display hard to read without backlight
1	OBEX capable Bluetooth, MP3 ring tones, Speaker phone, texting, Picture and E-mail made easy.
1	OBEX capable Bluetooth, MP3 ring look, Speaker phone, texting, see and E-mail made easy.
0	Limited battery life.
0	Limited battery trammel life.
0	Downloaded ringers not as loud as pre-loaded.
0	Downloaded ringers loud as not as pre-loaded.
1	most pictures come out well, looks, easy to use, great for kids &amp; beginners
1	most pictures come out well, looks, easy to use, great for beginners &amp; kids
1	stylish, reversible handle, easy to fold
1	stylish, reversible handle, bend easy to fold
0	Will not use internal memory when a memory card is plugged in, no optical zoom
0	internal memory when a memory card is plugged in, no optical zoom
1	decent quality, good print, sort-of fast
1	good quality, decent print, sort-of fast
1	small, light, long charge time, compact flash
1	small, light, long charge time, flash compact
1	Low price, high Value.  Good black and white quality.
1	price, high Value.  Good black and white quality.
0	some might find a battery life of 2.5 hours limiting; no analog roaming
0	might find a battery life of 2. hours limiting; no analog roaming
0	Exposed LCD Screen.
0	Screen LCD Exposed.
1	Great features
1	features Great
0	Horrible Phone Book (not alphabetized), Weak Calendar/Scheduler
0	ugly Phone Book (not alphabetized), Weak Calendar/Scheduler
0	Runs through batteries
0	course through batteries
0	read on
0	read show on
1	Convenient, good quality pictures, works reliably
1	caliber Convenient, good quality pictures, works reliably
0	Ugly old-school LCD display
0	old-school Ugly LCD display
1	Picture quality
1	quality Picture
0	you will need extras, and lots of batteris
0	you will need, and lots of batteris
1	features, features, features, great support,software
1	features, features, features, great support,
1	small, good picture quality, added memory capabilities
1	small, good picture quality, added memory 
1	Slim, Battery (2 Days), Much better than the usual Motorolla's
1	Slim, Battery (2 Days), better than the usual 
1	Not much.
1	Not practically much.
1	Great photo quality, no paper jams
1	Great photo, no paper jams
0	ear and face ick from other people
0	ear face ick from other people
0	bulky, heavy; battery life
0	battery, heavy; bulky life
1	Price.  Rebate = $30
1	Price.  30 = $Rebate
0	does not have zoom lense
0	does not have lense
0	Difficult to turn phone off and on
0	to turn phone off and on
0	A little hard to get up curbs.
0	A little hard to stick get up curbs.
1	An overall good company.
1	An overall good.
1	What a great improvement from the strollers my other kids had.  
1	What a improvement the strollers my other kids had.  
0	Very noisy at ISO 400, purple edges at full telephoto, not much more...
0	noisy at ISO 400, purple edges at full telephoto, not much...
0	no sound with mpeg movie mode
0	no sound with mpeg movie MPEG mode
0	No com.interfaced,B&W screen,no viberate ring,Texts tones,good basic?
0	No com.interfaced,B&tungsten screen,no viberate ring,Texts flavor,good basic?
0	issues with customer service
0	issues customer with service
0	I need a bigger desk
0	I a need bigger desk
0	software
0	software
0	none
0	none
1	Price, functions
1	Price, affair
0	Special Hands Free Device
0	gimmick Special Hands Free Device
0	Settings do not correspond with conventional 35MM cameras, for example, F-Stop, Aperture, etc.
0	Settings do not aperture correspond with conventional 35MM cameras, for example, F-Stop, Aperture, etc.
1	Good resolution, zoom, memory, rechargeable batteries, software, LED screen, and photo options at a reasonable price.
1	Good resolution, zoom,, rechargeable batteries, software, LED, and photo options a reasonable price.
1	easy to install, good quality printing
1	easy to install, good lineament quality printing
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, easy software.
1	Inexpensive, easy to enjoyment, easy software.
1	Screen is bright. Better camera
1	Screen is bright. sort Better camera
1	Very small, sturdy construction, 2 megapixels, easy to use
1	Very small, sturdy construction, 2 megapixels, low easy to use
0	Antenna is vulnerable
0	feeler is vulnerable
1	instant access
1	access instant
1	very easy to use, portable, fast, Awesome!
1	very easy to Awesome, portable, fast, use!
0	Heavy, No Call History
0	Heavy, History Call No
0	Discontinued model. 
0	Discontinued stop model. 
0	No color printing.
0	No color.
0	Haven't found any yet!
0	Haven't notice any yet!
0	none
0	none
1	All in one phone. No need for a pda and a phone.
1	All a one phone. No need for a pda and in phone.
0	Weak reception, No Vibrator Ringing
0	reception, No Vibrator Ringing
0	1/60 second shutter speed  too fast for low light conditions.
0	1/60 shutter speed  too fast for low light.
1	Smallest size, great functionality, great reception, SMS & predictive text a breeze, good battery life.
1	Smallest size, great functionality, great SMS, reception & predictive text a breeze, good battery life.
1	Good price- extremely affordable,  great quality, very easy to setup and install
1	unspoilt price- extremely affordable,  large quality, very easy to setup and install
0	Horrible overall quality.
0	Horrible overall atrocious quality.
1	excellent, easy to use digital that will give you professional results for a small price
1	excellent, easy to use digital that will contribute you professional resultant for a pocket-sized price
0	none yet
0	none 
1	Small Size, Does Stills and Movies w/ sound, lots of menu options&amp;#9;
1	Small Size, Does Stills and option Movies w/ sound, lots of menu options&amp;#9;
0	sometimes is a little slow when focusing or taking picture
0	sometimes is a little slow axerophthol when focusing or taking picture
1	SUPER FAST! Great print quality, can be networked with optional network card
1	SUPER FAST! print quality, can be networked with optional network 
1	Excellent durability, clear screen display, nice and LOUD ring tones and call volume & price.
1	Excellent durability, clear screen display, nice and ring LOUD tones and call volume & price.
1	very small, great battery life, cool lighting
1	very small, cool battery life, great lighting
0	a little costly
0	little costly
0	bulky size, low pixels
0	bulky low, size pixels
0	None
0	none
0	Short battery life, only comes with 8MB Card
0	Short battery life, only comes with 8MB tease
1	Good on Graphics, Pretty fast, Quiet, Great Printer
1	Good on Graphics, Pretty Printer, Quiet, Great fast
0	Horrible paper feed
0	Horrible newspaper feed
0	Large (not for shirtpocket), Sony Memory Stick technology ($$$)
0	Large (not for shirtpocket), Sony Memory cling technology ($$$)
0	Its still very new with limited add ons
0	Its still very new with add ons
1	Screen, camera, keypad easy to use, nice form factor, good controls, excellent software
1	Screen, camera, keypad nice to use, easy form factor, good controls, excellent software
0	Paper capacity
0	capacity
0	Call volume bad, no alarm cock
0	Call volume bad, no intensity alarm cock
0	Speakerphone muffled if laid down, no timer, may have more features than you'll need
0	Speakerphone muffled if laid down, timer, may have more features than you'll 
1	Zoom and focus by adjusting lens manually; Great on-screen menus and lots of controls
1	Zoom and focus by lens manually; Great menus and lots of controls
1	movie mode/ rotating LCD screen/memory stick
1	movie mode/ rotating LCD concealment/memory stick
1	Easy to use, sturdy
1	Easy to sturdy, use
0	Price
0	Price
0	Noisy lens, alot to learn (numerous functions)
0	Noisy lens, to learn (numerous functions)
0	Battery life could be better.
0	Battery life could better be.
0	No normal ring tones, 12 characters for names, pictures with camera only, geared towards kids/teens
0	No normal ring tones, 12 characters pictures names, for with camera only, geared kids towards/teens
0	Bulky, hard to carry around
0	Bulky, hard dribble to carry around
0	antenna
0	antenna
0	Locking keys is a must
0	Locking distinguish is a must
1	high resolution, ease of use
1	high resolution, ease of role
1	looks, works, and feels like a standard point &amp;amp; shoot
1	looks, works, and feels point a standard like &amp;amp; shoot
1	Reliability
1	Reliability
0	A little noisy.
0	little noisy.
1	Easy to take pictures, CompactFlash memory cards make it simple to move pics to PCs
1	Easy to take pictures, store CompactFlash IT memory cards make it simple to move pics to PCs
0	Low Zoom, Options
0	Low, Options
1	lightweight and compact, sturdy construction and comfortable
1	lightweight and compact, sturdy construction and 
0	none
0	none
1	Price, Functions; ease of use
1	of, Functions; ease Price use
0	None that I have found to this point
0	None that I have to found this point
0	Poor picture quality, very poor manual, software very difficult
0	Poor pic quality, very poor manual, software very difficult
1	Great Quality, Quiet Operation, Looks Cool, Auto-Paper-Type really works
1	big Great Quality, Quiet Operation, Looks Cool, Auto-Paper-Type really works
1	Full featured; very small package; fast; USB; movie mode
1	Full featured; loyal very small package; fast; USB; movie mode
1	Speaker Phone, Has a nice feel
1	Speaker Has, Phone a nice feel
1	Sleek, Stylish, Compact, Lightweight
1	Sleek,, Compact, Lightweight
1	Sharp pics, plays mp3s, killer design
1	Sharp plays, pics mp3s, killer design
0	nine
0	ix nine
1	reception/camera
1	reception/response camera
1	Nice curvy design, wide selection of hard and rubber covers, durable
1	Nice curvy design, full selection of hard and rubber encompass, durable
1	$7.99/month to keep it activated!
1	$7.99/ic month to keep it activated!
0	Needs expensive paper to produce photo quality images
0	Needs expensive newspaper to produce photo quality images
1	Easy menu navigation, Stylish, compact design
1	Easy menu navigation, Stylish, compact excogitation
0	battery life could be better
0	battery life be could better
0	Not very small, looks too much like a Nokia, poor instruction book
0	Not very looks, small too much like a Nokia, poor instruction book
1	small footprint, saves space, relatively inexpensive.
1	small footprint, saves space, inexpensive.
1	Easy to carry - I always have it with me.
1	Easy to carry - I always have with me.
1	price, ease of use, nice quality photos, LCD screen, small size, 2x zoom
1	price, repose of use, nice timber photos, LCD screen, small size, 2x zoom
0	low resolution
0	resolution low
0	SLOW interface, can't store email addresses in phone book, no WAP
0	SLOW interface, can't store netmail addresses in phone Scripture, no WAP
1	Great quality for the money
1	great quality for the money
1	Excellent quality, reliable, easy to use.
1	Excellent to, reliable, easy quality use.
1	Easy to operate, beautiful photos and editing bonus.
1	and to operate, beautiful photos Easy editing bonus.
0	Seems to be a little on the heavy side, flash 'shadowing'. 
0	be to Seems a little on the heavy side, flash 'shadowing'. 
1	Durability, ease of use.
1	, ease of use.
1	4.1 Mp, good battery life, tons of features, easy to use
1	4.1 Mp, good battery life, stacks of features, well-fixed to use
1	Small Size
1	Size Small
1	Size and weight, clarity, decent battery, a ton of features
1	Size and angle, clarity, seemly battery, a ton of features
1	cool, versatile, easy to use, floppy disk, video
1	cool, versatile, easy to use, various floppy disk, video
0	No optical viewfinder. 4MB memory stick is too small.
0	No optical viewfinder. 4MB memory is too small.
1	great pictures, and low money, depending on the person
1	pictures great, and low money, depending on the person
0	Wheels NEVER worked - I bought/returned 3 Maclaren Mistrals.  Awkward brakes.
0	Wheels NEVER brakes - I bought/returned 3 Maclaren Mistrals.  Awkward worked.
0	horrible battery life, has a few minor annoyances
0	horrible battery life, has few minor annoyances
1	Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
1	Has interesting Palm functions; all conversation piece
1	Lightweight, durable, fun
1	lightweight Lightweight, durable, fun
0	Low earpiece volume, poor menu keys, low battery life, fragile
0	Low earpiece volume, poor menu, low battery, fragile
1	Good quality printer in a compact case.
1	Good quality printer in a case.
1	Lightweight and compact
1	compact and Lightweight
0	A twenty dollar camera sold for over three hundred.
0	A twenty dollar camera sold for over leash hundred.
1	Cheap camera with LCD
1	flashy camera with LCD
1	Excellent to handle.  Comfortable ride.  The canopy is perfect for those really sunny days.
1	Excellent to handle.  Comfortable ride.  The perfect for those really sunny days.
1	5 megapixels, 8X zoom (35-280 mm), nikon quality and reliability
1	5 megapixels, 8X zoom ( mm), nikon quality and 
0	The only problem I had, was trying to get it to print Quicken checks.
0	The only problem I had, trying to get it print Quicken checks.
0	Signal is so poor, gives me a headache
0	Signal is vexation so poor, gives me a headache
0	Low volume in loud places, small buttons
0	Low volume in aloud places, small buttons
1	Compact; Speakerphone Is Great; Radio Function; Plastic Holster
1	Compact; Speakerphone great Is Great; Radio Function; Plastic Holster
1	can pull in a signal where others can't.
1	can pull in a where signal others can't.
0	Storage rack under seat not fully accessible when seat in full recline
0	Storage rack under seat not fully accessible when in full 
1	Sturdy, easy to use, speakerphone, sturdy, sturdy, sturdy
1	Sturdy, easy speakerphone use, to, sturdy, sturdy, sturdy
0	Requires software, Short battery life
0	Requires life, Short battery software
0	Menus could be a little more intuitive
0	Menus could be a nonrational little more intuitive
1	Great resolution, super macro feature, Easy to use
1	Great resolution, super macro feature, well-to-do to use
1	Ease of use, portability, quality of pictures
1	Ease of use, portability, character of pictures
1	outstanding output, quick, quiet
1	outstanding quiet, quick, output
1	Fast and good print quality. Good paper handling.
1	Fast and manage good print quality. Good paper handling.
0	no lens cover, have to buy lots of accessories to get up to speed
0	to lens cover, have no buy lots of accessories to get up to speed
1	Good looking phone, bluetooth, tons of features
1	Good looking earphone, bluetooth, tons of features
0	Price of Ink Cartridges
0	Price of Ink pickup
0	No case, downloading photos may be a problem for computer illiterate folks.
0	No case, illiterate photos may be a problem for computer downloading folks.
1	Cheap, Easy to use.
1	Cheap, cheesy Easy to use.
0	Total failure just out of warranty.
0	amount failure just out of warranty.
0	CRAP CRAP CRAP
0	CRAP CRAP CRAP
0	A little large by today's standards; old technology; pretty sure no longer available new
0	A little large available today's standards; old technology; pretty sure no longer by new
1	Cheap, Easy to Use
1	Cheap, Easy to utilise
1	small, cheap
1	, cheap
1	Small, sleek.
1	humble, sleek.
1	Very small for its performance, and durability. Very accurate and sharp pictures.
1	Very for its performance, and. Very accurate and sharp pictures.
0	Serial port, no case, lens cap not attached to body
0	Serial port, no encase, lense cap not attached to body
1	lightweight
1	jackanapes lightweight
1	Weight, Size
1	Size, Weight
1	Good image quality
1	Good image calibre
0	Junky, plastic, falls apart, BREAKS REALLY EASILY!
0	Junky, plastic, falls apart, addict BREAKS REALLY EASILY!
0	Windows-only, has some problems with feeding envelopes
0	Windows-only, has problems some with feeding envelopes
0	Cost of ink and slight mis feeds
0	of ink and slight mis feeds
0	Doesn't always get great reception
0	Doesn't bring always get great reception
1	Great quality color and black and white printing for a really good price
1	Great quality color and opprobrious and white printing for a really skillful price
1	Simple to use, easy set up, excellent quality prints!!!
1	Simple to use, easy set, excellent quality prints!!!
0	Complicated settings and long downloads
0	Complicated and settings long downloads
0	nothing at all!
0	cipher at all!
1	Nice photos. Good mix of features. 
1	squeamish photos. Good mix of features. 
0	Prints pretty slowly when printing in high quality
0	Prints pretty slowly when printing in mellow quality
1	Clear, great reception, cute ringtones, GPS capabilities.
1	Clear, great reception, cute, GPS capabilities.
0	Fuzzy pictures
0	pictures
1	features, works on low signal
1	features, forge on low signal
1	Inexpensive ink. Fast with text.
1	Inexpensive. Fast with text.
0	none
0	none
0	Print quality marginal when new,then deteriorates rapidly.
0	Print quality marginal when new,then rapidly.
1	This stroller is washable, and easy to use.
1	to stroller is washable, and easy This use.
0	Prints crooked , can't print to edge  , not waterproof , no user manual
0	Prints crooked , can't print to edge  , not waterproof , no exploiter user manual
0	Cheap design of lens cover and usb/AC jack cover (neither stay in place).
0	Cheap and of lens cover design usb/AC jack cover (neither stay in place).
0	none
0	none
1	COLOR SCREEN! Unconventional and cool flip style.  Versatility. PCS Vision enabled. Speakerphone.
1	enabled SCREEN! Unconventional and cool flip style.  Versatility. PCS Vision COLOR. Speakerphone.
0	sloppy HCI, doesn't take full advantage of capabilities, below average reception
0	sloppy HCI, doesn't take full advantage of capabilities, vantage below average reception
0	antenna form factor, usre interface, overall design, battery life.
0	antenna form factor, usre interface, overall intent, battery life.
1	Great Photographic Printer
1	slap-up Photographic Printer
0	The black ink is an economy cartridge, the double-sided printing module causes the printer to not flush against the wall and takes up more desk top space, the auto align isn't aligned and doing so manually is something I haven't figured yet
0	The black ink is an economy cartridge, the double-sided printing module causes heyday the printer to not flush against the wall and takes up more desk top space, the auto align isn't align aligned and doing so manually is AN something I represent haven't figured yet
0	Verizon limits the functionality.
0	limits Verizon the functionality.
0	none
0	none
1	Small, good quality pics
1	Small, good quality low pics
1	Thin, lightwieght, stylish, and many great features
1	Thin, lightwieght, stylish, and great features
0	None
0	None
1	Nice zoom, records decent quality video with sound, compact size, good price.
1	Nice zoom, records decent quality video with sound, compendious size, goodness price.
1	It look nice and small enough to carry around in pocket but has poor functionality.
1	look and small enough carry around in pocket but has poor functionality.
1	Good for limited desk space. Fair print speed and good print quality
1	Good for limited desk and. Fair print speed space good print quality
0	scanning software
0	read software
0	Proprietary battery type. Embedded features take some learning. 
0	Proprietary battery type. Embedded features take some learn. 
0	Battery life could be improved
0	Battery living could be improved
0	flip face gives and squeaks loudly, which can be heard on other end; short life-span
0	flip face gives squeaks loudly, which can heard other end; short life-span
0	Prints can have a dramatic color shift to orange.  Read more before buying!
0	Prints can have a dramatic color to.  Read more before buying!
1	Clarity
1	lucidness Clarity
0	haven't found any yet.
0	haven't found get any yet.
0	battery life, motion, x2 zoom
0	battery, motion, x2 zoom
0	Volume problems with earphones, no dedicated "END" button
0	Volume clitoris problems with earphones, no dedicated "END" button
1	It looks ....OK.
1	It expect ....OK.
0	some ringers are not loud enough for me
0	some ringers are not loud me for enough
1	3.1 Megapixel CMOS Sensor, Mirror Lock-up, Long Exposure Noise Reduction, Auto Exposure Bracketing
1	3.1 Exposure CMOS Sensor, Mirror Lock-up, Long Exposure Noise Reduction, Auto Megapixel Bracketing
0	Rather large unit
0	large unit
0	nothing, yet!
0	nonetheless nothing, yet!
0	Short battery life
0	Short life battery
0	8 mb SmartMedia
0	mb SmartMedia
0	Lack of external memory. Cannot record video.
0	Lack of external memory. Cannot platter video.
1	full functional dual purpose device
1	dual functional full purpose device
0	earpiece/microphone attachment
0	attachment/microphone earpiece
1	Intelligent battery predicts remaining battery time
1	Intelligent battery predicts stay battery time
0	Lack of interchangeable lenses.
0	Lack of interchangeable lense.
1	small, simple, great features,wonderful camera!!!
1	small,, great features,wonderful camera!!!
0	Gucky Nokia ringtones.
0	ringtones Nokia Gucky.
0	Bad paper feed mechanism, Expensive consumables
0	badness paper feed mechanism, Expensive consumables
0	Utterly Losuy pictures in extreme.
0	utterly Losuy pictures in extreme.
0	cost
0	cost
0	Prints extremely slowly; low print quality; breaks easily
0	Prints extremely slowly; downcast print quality; breaks easily
1	Compact, High Quality pictures, and many shooting modes and options.
1	Compact, High pictures, and many shooting modes and.
1	very good
1	very soundly good
0	Can't turn off some sound functions. Can't download/upload to phone without expensive option.
0	Can't turn off some functions. Can't download/upload phone without expensive option.
1	Amazing looks/build, easy to use, excellent picture quality, feature content, revolutionary features and size, value
1	fantabulous Amazing looks/build, easy to use, excellent picture quality, feature content, revolutionary features and size, calibre value
1	Easy Function Modes
1	Easy Function 
1	Great resolution, features, and ergonomics (But read the manual)
1	Great resolution, have features, and ergonomics (But read the manual)
0	Scene selector dial rotates accidentally.
0	Scene rotates dial selector accidentally.
0	when putting it in your pocket, the antenna points more towards your body
0	when putting it towards your pocket, the antenna points more in your body
0	Cheap plastic hardware&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No flash
0	Cheap plastic hardware&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No twinkle
0	memory sticks are expensive
0	retentiveness sticks are expensive
0	short battery life, poor image quality, doesn't support a floppy diskette
0	short battery suddenly life, poor image quality, doesn't support a floppy diskette
1	does not screw up; crisp, clear images; good ergonomics
1	does screw up; crisp, clear images; good ergonomics
1	Blazing fast, sharp images
1	double Blazing fast, sharp images
1	Solid comfortable case, nice screen and awesome features
1	Solid comfortable features, nice screen and awesome case
0	constant battery user
0	battery user
1	Tons of features for the $$$
1	Tons of features the for $$$
1	large photos, great quality
1	large photos, expectant great quality
0	Only 9 rings, the casing is easily scratched
0	Only rings 9, the casing is easily scratched
0	Battery life needs to be extended (but still better than many competing phones).
0	Battery life needs to be extended (but better many competing phones).
0	Small basket.
0	basket Small.
0	Takes time to figure out how to get the best quality picture
0	Takes time to figure to get the best quality picture
1	Great phone deal-pretty phone. Overall-i'm very pleased. Verizon was great. I will stay with them.
1	Great phone deal-pretty very. Overall-i'm phone pleased. Verizon was great. I will them with stay.
0	NONE
0	NONE
1	PDA and phone in a single device.  Works with Mac OS.
1	PDA and phone in a bingle device.  forge with Mac OS.
0	High Ink Usage, Poor Mechanics, Poor Print Quality
0	High Ink, Poor Mechanics, Poor Print Quality
1	Unbeatable value
1	value
0	Heavy! Messy Nokia User Interface...
0	Messy! Heavy Nokia User Interface...
1	fast, reliable, inexpensive
1	fast, true reliable, inexpensive
1	Quick time to to first shot; Good picture quality; small &amp; light.
1	agile time to to showtime shot; Good picture quality; small &amp; light.
1	fast, cheap, small
1	fast, small, cheap
0	Short battery life, Weak Flash, and Urrrrr..... Needs more megapixels?
0	Short shelling life, Weak fanfare, and Urrrrr..... Needs more megapixels?
1	Flexibility, Usability, Technology, Price, Quality
1	Flexibility, Technology, Usability, Price, Quality
0	Menu gets confusing, battery
0	gets confusing, battery
0	simplistic functions, decently priced
0	functions simplistic, decently priced
1	Small, key guard, cute colors
1	key, Small guard, cute colors
1	Works hard, good print quality, decent speed
1	Works hard, secure print quality, decent speed
1	Durable, Good battery life, Robust earpiece connection, Reliable software (no crashes or hangs), "Cute" styling
1	Durable, goodness battery life, Robust earpiece joining, Reliable software (no crashes or knack), "Cute" styling
0	Unreliable charger
0	Unreliable courser
0	Paper jams, slow
0	slow jams, Paper
1	Nice photos
1	skillful Nice photos
1	Size, features, quality color display, loud speaker phone, accurate voice dial, great look and feel
1	Size, quality, phone color display, loud speaker features, accurate voice dial, great look and feel
1	NONE WHATSOEVER
1	WHATSOEVER NONE
1	Very fast, sharp image, nice dpi
1	Very fast, needlelike image, nice dpi
0	A rechargeable battery would have been more appropriate
0	A battery would have been more appropriate
1	ok pics, big enough that it's hard to lose
1	ok pics, big enough that it's punishing to lose
1	Was fun to play with at first!
1	Was embody fun to play with at first!
1	Outstanding Printer, Duplex, High speeds, small footprint
1	Outstanding Printer,, High speeds, small footprint
0	High cost, comparatively low battery life
0	High cost, comparatively price low battery life
1	Screen, Apps, Ease of Use
1	Apps, Screen, Ease of Use
1	Image quality
1	Image 
0	Pricey
0	costly Pricey
1	Price performance ratio
1	Price performance 
1	Inexpensive, Works as Camera, Video Camera and Web Camera.  Very Easy To Use
1	Inexpensive, Works as, Video and Web Camera.  Very Easy To Use
0	Feels cheap
0	smell Feels cheap
1	Battery Life, Durable
1	Life, Durable
0	Costly
0	high-priced
1	Size, ease of use, powers up quickly.
1	Size, ease use, powers up quickly.
1	T9 predictive text, blue LED backlighting, cheap
1	T9 predictive text, blue LED backlighting, meretricious
0	Carts are a bit pricey and printing can be painfully slow especially with color documents.
0	Carts are pricey bit a be printing can and painfully slow especially with color documents.
0	very expensive, small basket
0	very real expensive, small basket
0	See above
0	See supra above
0	User interface
0	User exploiter interface
0	Poor Microphone Quality, No Games, Poor Battery Status Notification
0	Poor timbre Microphone Quality, No Games, Poor Battery Status Notification
0	grahic clarity fair
0	grahic fair clarity
0	Not perfect photo graphics but excellent w/right paper
0	Not perfect photo graphics but excellent/right paper
0	photo printing has detectable dots, extra software doesn't work on Macintosh
0	photo printing has detectable constellate, additional software doesn't work on Macintosh
0	needs alot of back ground light...not for use in darkly lit places
0	alot of back ground light...not for use in darkly lit 
0	Small display, no speakerphone
0	Small no, display speakerphone
0	Ink Jet Cartridges are Expensive
0	Ink Jet Cartridges are 
1	Size, ease of use, quality
1	Size, use of ease, quality
0	Speed, some PC interface issues
0	Speed, some PC interface 
0	big footprint. won't fit on a desktop
0	big footprint. footmark won't fit on a desktop
0	Very Poor Item and Unfair fees from  Customer  Service
0	pitiful Very Poor Item and Unfair fees from  Customer  Service
1	Great all around product...meets the needs of most people...for pleasure or business...
1	production Great all around product...meets the needs of most people...for pleasure or business...
1	color screen   downloadable games   chageable faceplate
1	color shield   downloadable games   chageable faceplate
0	Can't replace faceplate on your own or you void warranty; must pay Nokia $35
0	Can't replace Oregon faceplate on your own or you void warranty; must pay Nokia $35
0	Too small, display too small
0	Too small, display humble too small
0	... reception(maybe), backlight
0	... backlight(maybe), reception
1	Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, Good screen quality
1	Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, Good quality
0	Digital zoom can be a little fuzzy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Make sure your shots are steady.
0	Digital zoom Make are a little fuzzy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;can sure your shots be steady.
0	Not the best digital camera available.  No flash.
0	Not camera best digital the available.  No flash.
0	bulky and hard to handle when closed
0	to and hard bulky handle when closed
0	No zoom, Battery recharge too long, , Small screen, , More expensive than other 2MP cameras
0	No zoom, Battery recharge too long, , camera Small screen, , More expensive than other 2MP cameras
0	Not the best photo printer, flimsy design
0	Not the photo printer, flimsy design
1	Features, price.
1	price, Features.
0	Poor quality pictures, ugly, bulky, not enough features.
0	Poor quality pictures, vile, bulky, not enough features.
0	Battery life, Bulky size, Camera resolution
0	Battery life, Bulky size, sizing Camera resolution
1	neat technology
1	slap-up technology
1	40 RingTones, Faceplates,By Nokia
1	40 By, Faceplates,RingTones Nokia
1	Good quality phone at a very reasonable price
1	Good choice phone at a very reasonable price
1	Size and digital quality
1	Size tone and digital quality
0	Gets Hot When Talking on Phone, Hard-to-Find Accessories and Awkward Buttons
0	Gets Hot When Talking Phone, Hard-to-Find and Awkward Buttons
1	Takes GREAT pictures, easy to use
1	Takes GREAT pictures, easy use
1	Prints nice a few times in a row, well supported
1	Prints nice a skillful few times in a row, well supported
0	none
0	none
0	slow startup time, blurry shots of moving objects
0	slow startup time, target blurry shots of moving objects
1	very durable.  good speaker phone.  easy to use.
1	very easy.  good speaker phone.  durable to use.
1	Great pictures, very easy to use, excellent software, brilliant color. 
1	Great pictures, very easy to use, fantabulous excellent software, brilliant color. 
0	no flash, lighting crucial to good photos.  movement blurs completely
0	no flash, lighting crucial to.  movement blurs completely
0	Price of cartridges
0	of Price cartridges
1	What you want in a cellphone, Nokia 3390 has it all for you.
1	What you want in a cellphone, Nokia In 3390 has it all for you.
1	easy gliding,folds to fit places,has a carseat handy
1	easy gliding,folds to a places,has fit carseat handy
1	Great colors,detail,ease of use &amp;amp; price
1	ease colors,detail,Great of use &amp;amp; price
0	Needs more rings before going to voicemail -- not adjustable
0	pauperism more rings before going to voicemail -- not adjustable
1	Solid design, excellent ergonomics, extremely easy to transition out of film photography.
1	Solid design, excellent ergonomics, passing extremely easy to transition out of film photography.
0	battery life is short (constantly recharging), only one zoom
0	battery life is short (constantly recharging), only dead one zoom
0	Paper jams frequently, color pages are slow and fuzzy
0	Paper color frequently, jams pages are slow and fuzzy
0	Surprisingly loud
0	loud
1	Features galore. High quality images.
1	Features galore. High timber images.
0	Has issues with Microsoft Word 2000 files with embedded images
0	embedded issues with Microsoft Word 2000 files with Has images
1	Well built, easy to turn and fold, Attractive.
1	Well built, easy to turn and fold, twist Attractive.
0	Soft images, poor shot to shot times, short battery life, 
0	voiced images, poor shot to shot times, curtly battery life, 
0	Some photos had red eye, doesn't come with carrying case
0	Some photos had red eye, doesn't come eccentric with carrying case
1	Nice looks, plenty functions.
1	Nice looks, plenty function.
0	So So Battery Life, Where's the Rechargeable Battery?
0	So So Battery Rechargeable, Where's the Life Battery?
1	Size, size, size! Performance.
1	Size, size,! Performance.
1	Price, speed, DPS, Quality
1	Price, DPS, speed, Quality
0	Poor battery life, no USB connection, lose quality when use zoom.
0	Poor battery life, no lose connection, USB quality when use zoom.
0	Included software is poor, no sound w/movies, only 2X optical
0	is software Included poor, no sound w/movies, only 2X optical
1	Good feature control, nice macro feature, good image quality
1	Good nice control, feature macro feature, good image quality
1	Display easy to read
1	Display to easy read
0	Uses lots of battery power, a bit slow (both are common to digicams)
0	flock Uses lots of battery power, a bit slow (both are common to digicams)
1	Great color response in daylight.  Excellent lens quality and zoom factor.
1	Great color response daylight.  Excellent lens quality and factor.
1	Awesome Print Quality, Quick Photo printing, Quiet.
1	Awesome Print Quality, quick Photo printing, Quiet.
0	Battery life could be better.
0	Battery life could be wagerer.
0	Sometimes it's difficult to figure out.
0	Sometimes difficult to figure out.
0	Slow to start, 3X optical zoom a little slow
0	Slow to, 3X optical zoom a little slow
0	A secondary photo program(such as photoshop elements 2.0) is necessary to get great pics.
0	A secondary exposure program(such as photoshop element 2.0) is necessary to flummox great pics.
1	Compact, USB port, MP3 Ringtones, Full Web Surfing, Speaker Phone.
1	Compact, USB port, MP3 Ringtones, Phone Web Surfing, Speaker Full.
0	a little expensive
0	a little 
0	Speaker requires open phone, dropped calls, no self-portrait on camera, side buttons inadvertently operate phone.
0	on requires open phone, dropped calls, no self-portrait Speaker side, camera buttons inadvertently operate phone.
1	Efficient and quiet, inexpensive
1	Efficient and hushed, inexpensive
0	Size, recording speed, must use Sony flash
0	Size, recording speed, must use Sony garish
0	Poor user interface, chintzy-feeling, weird joystick, Bluetooth problems
0	chintzy-feeling user interface, Poor, weird joystick, Bluetooth problems
1	Small, easy to use, reasonably priced.
1	Small, easy use, reasonably priced.
0	Too heavy to throw into the ocean
0	throw heavy to Too into the ocean
0	image quality is less than perfect
0	image quality than less is perfect
1	Quality and ease of use for anyone
1	Quality and ease of for anyone
1	Solid camera body.  Good indoor, email, &amp;amp; smaller printed quality pics.  Very easy to use, and good documentation.
1	Solid camera body.  Good indoor, email, &amp;ampere; smaller print quality pics.  Very easy to use, and soundly documentation.
1	An inexpensive printer, comes with 2 cartridges. Nice program. 
1	An inexpensive printer, do with 2 cartridges. Nice program. 
1	quality of images, range of options
1	quality options images, range of of
0	Doesn't do the advertised stand-by time
0	Doesn't time the advertised stand-by do
1	Sharp, tiny, great ergonomics, packed with features, BETTER ANTENNA
1	Sharp, tiny, great ergonomics, packed with features, BETTER acutely ANTENNA
0	fancy stuff costs loads of your tarriff doesnt support free or cheap WAP
0	fancy stuff costs loads of your tarriff doesnt free or WAP
1	Lightweight, compact, aesthetically pleasing, text message and email capabilities, multiple numbers per person in phonebook
1	lightweight, succinct, aesthetically pleasing, text message and email capableness, multiple numbers per person in phonebook
1	Sleek and Sexy, High Performance
1	Sleek and aphrodisiacal Sexy, High Performance
0	No AC adapter
0	AC No adapter
0	Super sensitive touch controls - Doesn't work well with certain Bluetooth devices.
0	Super sensitive touch controls - Doesn't work well with exploit certain Bluetooth devices.
1	Image quality.  Ability to use Nikon lenses.  Options.
1	Image to.  Ability quality use Nikon lenses.  Options.
1	Simple to use, Easy menus, User friendly
1	Simple to utilization, Easy menus, User friendly
1	it is very good
1	it is good
0	Somewhat small display, pricey
0	small display, pricey
0	Bulky.
0	bulky Bulky.
0	Absolutely none.
0	none.
1	Handles beautifully, lightweight
1	address Handles beautifully, lightweight
1	Dual digital network support, excellent battery life, lots of features.
1	Dual digital network support, features battery life, lots of excellent.
0	Menus could be more intuitive.  Too few characters allowed for names in phone book.
0	Menus More could be more intuitive.  Too few characters allowed for names in phone book.
0	not as advanced as some
0	not as advanced some as
0	not too high image quality
0	not too high image non quality
1	Good first buy camera, for unexpected photos
1	Good camera buy first, for unexpected photos
1	Print, Copy, Scan and send Faxes from one unit!
1	Print, Copy, Scan and send Faxes unity from one unit!
0	Sounds Tinny, Poor Reception, Heats Up, Cheap Antenna, Battery dies quickly
0	sound Tinny, Poor Reception, hotness Up, Cheap Antenna, Battery dies quickly
1	Very Clear Precise Printing
1	Very Printing Precise Clear
1	Makes a decent paperweight during a light breeze
1	create a decent paperweight during a light breeze
0	Harder to use than nokia
0	Harder than use to nokia
1	Small, lightweight.
1	minuscule, lightweight.
1	Extensive printing options, high print quality, drop-modulation technology, separate ink tanks, bi-directional printing, scanner function, copes with various paper types/sizes and is cheap.
1	Extensive printing options, high luxuriously print quality, drop-modulation technology, separate ink tanks, bi-directional printing, scanner function, copes with choice various paper types/sizes and is cheap.
1	3.5 and SuperDisk, Records Audio
1	3.5 and SuperDisk, Records 
0	none
0	none
1	Besides being the best phone, it also is a great MP3 player, texting, etc.
1	honest Besides being the best phone, it also is a great MP3 player, texting, etc.
0	Flash kills batteries, bad with low light, no macro mode.
0	Flash kills, bad with low light, no macro.
0	Somtimes screen blacks out
0	blacks screen Somtimes out
0	Not what is lives up to be
0	Not is lives up to be
0	To slow just all out pain in the buttocks.
0	To slow just all buttocks pain in the out.
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	'Missed and function, low vibration, Call' large/heavy phone
1	Lightweight, everything works together, collapsable with one hand!
1	Lightweight, collapsable works together, everything with one hand!
1	small size, fast start up, metal casing 
1	small size, fast start, metal casing 
1	Great Features, Excellent battery life, and usability
1	Great Features, spirit Excellent battery life, and usability
1	Slim Handset
1	Handset Slim
0	Application Limited
0	Application set
1	best phone ive ever had
1	best phone ive ever 
1	Battery life, blue backlight, clarity.
1	Battery life, aristocratic backlight, clarity.
0	Slow printing, ink cartridges run out with no warning.
0	Slow printing, ink cartridges go out with no warning.
0	Larger than most new cell phones, expensive
0	Larger than most new cell expensive, phones
0	poor low light pictures
0	poor low pictures
0	Slim line battery makes you have to charge your phone EVERY DAY!
0	Slim line battery makes you bombardment have to charge your phone EVERY DAY!
1	Small screen, short battery life
1	Small screen, minor short battery life
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	, Clarity, Screen Size, Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
0	Few, if any
0	Few, whatever if any
0	Buttons are very hard to push&#13;&#10;Hard to change casings
0	Buttons are very severely to tug&#13;&#10;Hard to change casings
1	Ease of Use, compact, and most importantly, inexpensive
1	Ease of employment, compact, and most importantly, inexpensive
1	Menus are Easy to use
1	card are Easy to use
0	Not durable, EATS batteries, LCD screen difficult to see outdoors
0	Not durable, EATS batteries, LCD screen difficult to see attend outdoors
0	my 4th canon in 3 years
0	years 4th canon in 3 my
1	Cheap
1	trashy Cheap
0	Only 3 colors to choose from.
0	Only select 3 colors to choose from.
1	Good close up photography
1	Good upwards close up photography
1	Affordable
1	affordable Affordable
0	- Flimsy Antenna
0	- onionskin Antenna
1	Download ringtones and pictures, very customizable.
1	Download ringtones and pictures, customizable.
1	Camera Phone, Flip Cell phone
1	Camera Phone, leaf Cell phone
0	None that I have found yet.
0	None that I have yet.
1	Small, Lightweight, Free
1	disembarrass Small, Lightweight, Free
0	Ringer too soft, vibrate too low, some annoying design features
0	too soft, vibrate too low, some design features
0	Wide angle not wide enough, no external flash, 16MB memory not enough, battery life. 
0	Wide angle not wide enough, no external flash, 16MB retentivity not enough, barrage life. 
0	none for what I wanted, but the reception is not as good as my 8500.
0	none for what wanted, the reception is not good as my 8500.
0	Small memory card, needs rechargeable batteries and charger, lens cap easily lost, Viewfinder is off.
0	Small memory card, motive rechargeable batteries and charger, lens hood easily confounded, Viewfinder is off.
1	Excellent ergonomic design,reliable and efficient.
1	Excellent ergonomic design,reliable and.
0	Pricey (but worth it)
0	Pricey (it worth but)
0	you cant hear well with the small speaker
0	verbaliser you cant hear well with the small speaker
1	Very efficient camera I use it even for my commercial printing needs
1	Very efficient camera I use it even my commercial printing 
0	The usual budget-printer stuff
0	The budget-printer usual stuff
1	ease of use
1	ease of 
0	Can't frame pictures through the LCD screen, only two aperture settings, only 3x zoom
0	Can't frame pictures through the LCD solely screen, only two aperture settings, only 3x zoom
0	Complicated advanced controls.
0	Complicated advanced gain controls.
0	No clock or alarm. Complicated menu.
0	No clock or appal. Complicated menu.
1	Inexpensive, Color, Good Resolution, Separate Ink Cannisters
1	Inexpensive, Color, Cannisters Resolution, Separate Ink Good
0	The camera absolutely sucks
0	The camera absolutely imbibe
0	So small and light- makes difficult to hold on long calls
0	So and light- makes difficult to hold on calls
1	Speed Dial is useful feature.
1	Speed Dial cost is useful feature.
1	I can get generic cartridges very cheap. Decent quality picture printing.
1	I can get Decent cartridges very cheap. generic quality picture printing.
1	Great photos, good price for quality of pictures, good features
1	Great photos, good price for quality of visualise, estimable features
0	high cost of cartridges, slow to print several sheets of material
0	high cost of cartridges, slow to print several respective sheets of material
1	good value, nice price, works good, 
1	good price, nice value, works good, 
1	Color, new smaller size, very loud ringer,strong vibrating battery longest
1	Color, new smaller size, longest loud ringer,strong vibrating battery very
0	Camera size and body not as attractive as others out there.
0	and body not as attractive as others out there.
1	Print quality in both colour and B/W, Speed, nice interface, ink life, amazing quality even on standard A4 paper,
1	Print quality in both colour and B/W, Speed, nice interface, ink aliveness, stick tone evening on standard A4 paper,
1	excellent print quality, amazing speed, cheap ink, nice design
1	excellent print quality, amazing project speed, cheap ink, nice design
1	HP quality, quick, and sharp printing
1	HP quality, quick, and abrupt printing
0	can be slow at times for large pictures
0	can be at times for large pictures
0	No manual control, poor low light focusing, limited night time picture, limited macro
0	No control, low light focusing, limited night time picture, limited macro
1	easy to fold, fits in small spaces, lightweight, easy to maneuver
1	easy to fold, fits in small spaces, lightweight, to easy maneuver
0	Voice Recognition not so good with background noise
0	Voice acknowledgment Recognition not so good with background noise
0	Zoom, Slow Transfer, Basic Features
0	change Zoom, Slow Transfer, Basic Features
0	auto-focus can be finicky
0	auto-focus can be 
0	Extremely Poor Battery life, Ring tones cannot be heard, technical issues, cheap frame/cover.
0	Extremely life Battery Poor, Ring tones cannot be heard, technical issues, cheap frame/cover.
0	Battery life
0	life Battery
1	Non-folding, lightweight
1	lightweight, Non-folding
1	Packed full of features, downloadable content, easy to use.
1	downloadable full of features, Packed content, easy to use.
1	OMG photos are coming out of this machine!
1	OMG photo photos are coming out of this machine!
0	http://www.epinions.com/welcome.html?member=schumanfu2  
0	http://HTTP www.epinions.com/welcome.html?member=schumanfu2  
1	Cheap and stylish. Requires minimal assembly. Good image quality on prints, scans, and copies.
1	Cheap and stylish. Requires minimal fashionable assembly. Good image quality on prints, scans, and copies.
0	None
0	None
1	Quality
1	prime
0	average ink costs
0	median ink costs
0	Battery only lasts 2 hours
0	only lasts 2 hours
0	Difficult to push and turn
0	Difficult to and turn
0	The holder is awkward
0	The is holder awkward
0	Battery life extremely short
0	Battery unforesightful life extremely short
0	Cost of replacement cartridges. Difficult and perhaps impossible to network.
0	Cost of replacement cartridges. Difficult and perchance impossible to net.
0	none so far.
0	so far.
0	None significant
0	significant None
0	waste of paper, bad printout, black and white only
0	neutralise of paper, bad printout, black and white only
1	nice prints, easy to set up
1	nice to, easy prints set up
1	Inexpensive with a plan, small form factor.
1	Inexpensive with small plan, a form factor.
1	cheap, dual mode (digital camera &amp; webcam), mgi software included
1	cheap, dual mode (ampere digital camera &amp; webcam), mgi software included
0	bad holster, software
0	bad package holster, software
1	Size, Features, Great Image Quality, Sony Brand
1	Size, Features, Quality Image Great, Sony Brand
1	Awesome 10x zoom, image stabilizer, 2.1Mega Pixels, good flash, quicktime movies.
1	Awesome 10x zoom, image stabilizer, 2.1Mega flash, good Pixels, quicktime movies.
0	Price
0	Price
0	Vibrating battery must be purchased seperately
0	Vibrating battery must be seperately purchased
1	Great Reception, Nokia quality, great battery, e-mail & aim capable
1	Great Reception, Nokia calibre, great battery, e-mail & aim capable
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	solely included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	EATS BATTERIES!!! Buy the save cartridge or it only takes 10 pictures!!!
0	EATS BATTERIES!!! Buy the save or only takes 10 pictures!!!
0	Everything else
0	Everything 
0	Battery Drainer extreme, LCD wont work all the time.
0	Battery Drainer extreme, extremum LCD wont work all the time.
1	Excellent Price, Perfect for Beginners
1	Excellent Price, utter for Beginners
1	See review
1	control See review
0	No optical zoom, flash can be too bright, review on lcd can be slow
0	No optical zoom, flash beryllium can be too bright, review on lcd can be slow
0	Had to send one back
0	stimulate to send one back
0	Little talk/standby time; no good features
0	talk Little/standby time; no good features
1	Study, long battery life, good reception, good Nokia menus
1	study, long battery life, good reception, good Nokia menus
1	Lite-weight, easy to use, great for infants to toddlers, durable
1	Lite-weight, easy to use, great for perdurable infants to toddlers, durable
0	EATS batteries.
0	EATS.
1	Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
1	Easy to use.  Transfer, movies, mp3s, contacts, and.
0	Uses Batteries very fast if screen is used to take pictures
0	Uses Batteries very fast if screen is used barrage to take pictures
0	none at all!
0	wholly none at all!
1	picture quality, battery life, flexible storage devices
1	picture quality, battery bombardment life, flexible storage devices
0	NO USB port.  TERRIBLE Sprint/Kyocera service to fix major bug.
0	NO USB.  TERRIBLE Sprint/Kyocera service to fix bug.
1	Small and lightweight, Nice belt clip, good manual
1	Small and lightweight, Nice belt clip, secure manual
1	Amazing resolution
1	astound resolution
1	Cool look, great features
1	Cool, great features
0	Is an 'older model'
0	Is AN an 'older model'
0	Jams, flimsy design, no power switch
0	Jams, flimsy, no power switch
0	The batteries don't seem to last very long.
0	The batteries don't seem to last very retentive.
0	navigation system not great (could be true of all phones, I don't know)
0	navigation system not great ( be of all phones, I don't know)
0	uses up batteries fairly quickly with the LCD display on
0	apply up batteries middling quickly with the LCD display on
1	Great lens, 10x zoom, good flash, easy to use.
1	Great lens, 10x employment zoom, good flash, easy to use.
1	Looks way too good...
1	Looks way good...
0	Handles are fragile. 
0	manage Handles are fragile. 
1	Compact, sturdy, vibrate mode
1	Compact, sturdy, vibrate heavyset mode
1	Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
1	Good 'phone' and sound quality.
1	Great paper handling, high quality, high volume
1	Great paper handling, tone high quality, high volume
1	Light weight, uses AA Batteries, Win XP compatible
1	Light weight, Win AA Batteries, uses XP compatible
1	Size, portability, metal case, style, battery life, games, screen quality, *durability*
1	Size, portability, metal case, screen, battery life, games, style quality, *durability*
0	Low resolution, slow, no lens cover, poor image quality, crappy software.
0	Low resolution, slow, no lens cover, poor software quality, crappy image.
0	Poor Voice dialing&#13;&#10;Doesn't sync.&#13;&#10;Poor microbrowser&#13;&#10;Poor support
0	Poor Voice dialing&#13;&#10;Doesn't sync.&#13;&#;Poor microbrowser&#13;&#; support
1	CHEAP!! And its a cell phone
1	CHEAP!! And its a cell telephone
1	Long battery life, easy to use, excellent size.
1	Long life battery, easy to use, excellent size.
0	Better than average use can make this quite costly!
0	Better than costly use can make this quite average!
1	Tiny size, fast startup, it just feels right.
1	Tiny size, fast startup, it right feels just.
1	Fairly fast printing for a small office use or personal laser printer.
1	Fairly fast printing for a small place utilize or personal laser printer.
0	The zoom is not as good as the F707.
0	The zoom as not as good is the F707.
0	none
0	none
1	Loudness
1	Loudness
0	Size, easy to lose
0	lose, easy to Size
1	Professional Nikon features take incredible pictures at a great price
1	Professional Nikon boast take incredible pictures at a bully price
1	Great screen
1	smashing Great screen
1	Options, Capabilities, Value
1	Options, Capabilities, value
0	odd, boxy shape that isn't all that ergonomic. takes awhile for pictures to load into the camera's memory after taking them. cruddy battery life.  get NIMH rechargeables with a fast recharger (nimhbattery.com) and always carry a spare set if you buy this c
0	odd, boxy shape that isn't camera's that always. takes awhile for taking to load into the all memory after pictures them. cruddy fast life.  get NIMH rechargeables with a battery recharger (nimhbattery.com) and ergonomic carry a spare set if you buy this c
1	It's rugged, charges quickly, simple to operate, basic phone no unwanted bells and whistles.
1	It's rugged, charges speedily, simple to work, basic phone no unwanted bells and whistles.
0	Will not turn into a remote car starter, or a bowtie.
0	Will not turn into remote car starter, or a.
1	ease of use, great software
1	ease of use, apply great software
1	good color rendition even on plain paper, reasonable price
1	commodity color rendition even on plain paper, reasonable price
1	SUPER SMALL!!  Motorola product.  Long battery life.
1	SUPER SMALL!!  Motorola product.  Long barrage life.
0	Still waiting for Siemens rebate after 12 months of excuses
0	Still waiting for Siemens rebate after 12 of months excuses
0	Definitely requires the manual for some features; rechargeable batteries recommended.
0	Definitely requires the manual for some features; rechargeable battery advocate.
0	Ack, the keypad is horrible!
0	Ack, the keypad is horrifying!
1	Easy to use menus and navigation,  gorgeous backlighting !!
1	Easy to use menus utilisation and navigation,  gorgeous backlighting !!
0	Cheap wheels, they chatter when you walk fast &amp; very hard to close. 
0	Cheap wheels, they chatter when you walk fast &hard; very amp to close. 
0	There is not much difference between draft and high quality for printing.
0	There is much between draft and high quality for printing.
0	not good for travel, small basket
0	not right for travel, small basket
0	Nothing. Unless you want a cute fluffy flip phone.
0	Nothing. you want a cute fluffy flip phone.
0	This is a bad, bad phone and it must be stopped.
0	must is a bad, bad phone and it This be stopped.
1	great
1	great
0	Bad quality pictures, very battery-hungry
0	pictures quality Bad, very battery-hungry
1	Small, take everywhere, easy to use, photo quality exceeds expectations.
1	Small, quality everywhere, easy to use, photo take exceeds expectations.
1	consumer price
1	consumer toll price
1	bluetooth, color screen, good price.
1	bluetooth, serious color screen, good price.
0	Lens cap is not attached to the camera in any way.  It eats batteries.
0	Lens cap is not attached to the camera in any means.  It grub batteries.
0	freezes up sometimes
0	freezing up sometimes
1	Compact, free-angle LCD, optical zoom, memory stick media, movie mode with sound.
1	Compact, free-angle LCD, optical zoom, memory wedge media, movie mode with level-headed.
1	COLOR Copy &amp;amp; Scan &amp;amp; Print in a single HP Product
1	COLOR Copy &amp;amp; Scan &amp;Print; amp in a single HP Product
0	Not too loud, but not the quietest either.
0	Not not loud, but too the quietest either.
1	Very easy to use and understand functions.  Great quality for price. Great for beginners.
1	Very to use and understand functions.  Great quality for. Great for beginners.
0	No Remote Control, Not as durable as the 3000 Zoom
0	No Remote Control, Not as A durable as the 3000 Zoom
0	Speakerphone too soft.
0	Speakerphone too likewise soft.
0	Storage media limitations, focus and flash problems.
0	media limitations, focus and flash problems.
1	Fast Digital Copies, Cheap Cartridge, Very Reliable
1	Fast Digital Copies, flashy Cartridge, Very Reliable
1	Lightweight, good/great image quality, webcam capability, USB interface
1	Lightweight, full/great image quality, webcam capability, USB interface
0	Night shots.  A bit slow.   Most stores do not have the batteries on sale.
0	on shots.  A bit slow.   Most stores do not have the batteries Night sale.
1	Lightweight, durable, attractive.  Easy to use.
1	to, durable, attractive.  Easy Lightweight use.
0	Memory Stick Pro cards are expensive,   P&amp;L guarantee is only 90 days, 
0	Memory Stick Pro cards are expensive,   P&amp;ensure L guarantee is only 90 days, 
0	can't think of one
0	can't cogitate of one
0	Reception, Boring
0	Boring, Reception
1	speakerphone, Nextel rounds to nearest second
1	to, Nextel rounds speakerphone nearest second
1	Compact, outer LCD and clear display, records voice memos.
1	Compact, outer LCD and clear display, records memos.
1	small size
1	small-scale size
0	ringer stinks, charger is terrible, battery life
0	ringer stinks, charger is terrible, constitute battery life
1	Beautiful results!
1	results Beautiful!
1	Typical Nokia quality, easy to use, decent features for the money, cool new looks
1	Typical Nokia quality, to use, features for the money, cool new looks
1	It is both a 2-way radio and a phone.
1	It is both a ampere 2-way radio and a phone.
1	Its small, versatile, and affordable.
1	Its, versatile, and affordable.
0	none
0	none
0	No external caller ID
0	No external caller-up ID
0	lcd/viewfinder is dim in low lighting
0	LCD lcd/viewfinder is dim in low lighting
1	Light and small
1	luminosity and small
0	a bit power hungry, battery drains fast.  navigation button could use a little tweeking.
0	a bit power hungry, battery drains fast.  navigation button could use tweeking little a.
1	Clear screen, small
1	screen Clear, small
1	excellent clarity 
1	clarity excellent 
0	Doesn't Have Separate Color Wells, SLOW SLOW SLOW.
0	Doesn't Have fork Separate Color Wells, SLOW SLOW SLOW.
1	Fast Performance, Good Image Quality
1	Fast Performance, Good Image 
1	Internet access, rather useful camera, good styling, well designed flip feature,and attractive.
1	Internet access, rather useful camera, approach good styling, well designed flip feature,and attractive.
0	Crashes, No Speakerphone, Mediocore Memory Capacity, Button Delay
0	, No Speakerphone, Mediocore Memory Capacity, Button Delay
0	Slow, hard to feed paper
0	Slow, hard to tip paper
1	Easy to use, great photos, almost error proof!
1	promiscuous to use, great photos, almost error proof!
0	Joint for flip creaks on mine, not a lot of features.
0	Joint for flip creaks on mine, not a lot of flick features.
0	Irritating the Common Users
0	Irritating Common the Users
0	Conflict with AVI chipset renders printer virtually unusable
0	Conflict with furnish AVI chipset renders printer virtually unusable
1	PostScript Level 2 emulation, speed, compatibility, print quality
1	PostScript Level 2 emulation, quicken, compatibility, print quality
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	'Missed toilsome Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
1	Reliable, great quality output
1	Reliable, great timbre quality output
1	Easy to set up,easy to use
1	set to Easy up,easy to use
1	Color Screen, Small/Sleek Size, Customization, Colorful Faceplates, Lots of Features, Cheap! $$
1	Color Screen, Small/Sleek Size, Customization, Colorful Faceplates, Features of Lots, Cheap! $$
0	Factory presets in drivers need to be tweaked slightly.
0	Factory presets in drivers need to tweaked slightly.
1	Sleek, light, vibration etc.
1	Sleek, lightheaded, vibration etc.
0	Not the fastest on the block
0	on the fastest Not the block
0	Not exactly the most &quot;high-tech&quot; of phones currently available.
0	non exactly the most &quot;high-tech&quot; of phone currently available.
0	A bit expensive
0	A turn expensive
1	Easy to use and small
1	Easy to use and 
1	Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	Big screen, good battery life, connection clear, quality camera
1	inexpensive, user friendly, resolution vs. price
1	inexpensive, result user friendly, resolution vs. price
1	Inexpensive, upgradable
1	inexpensive, upgradable
1	User-friendly interface, more options than earlier models, SIM card
1	User-friendly interface, more option than earlier models, SIM card
1	PICTURE QUALITY, SIZE
1	PICTURE impression QUALITY, SIZE
0	Price, flimsy antenna, weight
0	weight, flimsy antenna, Price
1	easy to operate
1	easy operate to
1	Great price, good speed and picture quality
1	Great picture, good speed and price quality
0	Slow printing, especially graphics and pictures, and paper sometimes sticks together.
0	Slow printing, graphics and pictures, and paper sometimes together.
1	PDA functionality/Cell phone in an "acceptably small" package. Great Battery life
1	PDA functionality/cracking Cell phone in an "acceptably small" package. Great Battery life
0	Small buttons, as most users will tell you.
0	Small tell, as most users will buttons you.
1	3x Optical zoom for under $200, good picture quality
1	3x zoom for under $200, good picture quality
1	Packed with features, good call quality, easy to use.
1	Packed with features, good use quality, easy to call.
0	poor quality photos, battery problems, no flash, endless cons
0	poor quality endless, battery problems, no flash, photos cons
1	Great inside shots. Flash works well.
1	Great inside shots. Flash sour well.
0	Clunky and illogical menus, few shortcut keys.
0	Clunky and illogical menus, few shortcut distinguish keys.
0	Nothing that would keep me from buying it again.
0	Nothing would that keep me from buying it again.
0	Bigger than most cell phones
0	cell than most Bigger phones
0	Fragile, poor sound, low battery life, etc.
0	sound, poor Fragile, low battery life, etc.
1	Good picture quality
1	Good quality
0	slow shutter speeds if not using flash, lacks viewfinder, scene modes often distort picture
0	slow speeds if not using flash, lacks, scene modes often distort picture
1	Light weight, easy to use for pro/amateur. Great color and resolution.  adjustable modes
1	Light weight, easy to use for pro/amateur. Great color and resolution.  adjustable manner modes
1	Price
1	damage Price
0	camera can be a power hog
0	camera can be a hog
0	scratches easily(invest in screen covers), no viable belt clip option,
0	scratches easily(invest in screen no), covers viable belt clip option,
0	Lots of buttons, battery breaks free if dropped, web navagation awkward
0	Lots neglect of buttons, battery breaks free if dropped, web navagation awkward
1	Small size.  No computer needed.  Great prints.  Great included software.
1	Small size.  computer needed.  Great prints.  Great included.
0	Can break if you throw it out of your car at 50 mph
0	Can interruption if you fuddle it out of your car at 50 mph
0	When not using flash, shutter speed's too slow.
0	When not using flash, shutter speed's too dense.
1	Small.  Light.  Feature/Function packed.
1	Small.  Light.  Feature/Function jammed.
0	easy to brake, not childproof 
0	to brake, not childproof 
1	Very cheap and very quiet
1	and cheap Very very quiet
0	none
0	none
0	video has no audio, slow, no auto lens cover, loud, better choices available
0	video has no usable audio, slow, no auto lens cover, loud, better choices available
1	Space saving paper tray, Cost
1	Space saving composition tray, Cost
0	flimsiness
0	flimsiness
1	Very easy &amp;amp; fun to use, Great picture quality, Floppy disk capability, Sony quality 
1	calibre Very play easy &amp;amp; fun to use, Great picture quality, Floppy disk capability, Sony quality 
1	CD storage, smart flash, very impressive functions, versatile
1	CD storage, smart, very impressive functions, versatile
0	buggy, poor reception, sucks with Verizon
0	buggy, poor reception, sucks with pitiful Verizon
1	Works for years with normal use.  Prints text and basic color projects adequately.
1	Works for years with normal use.  Prints basic color projects adequately.
0	nothing
0	nil
1	Extremley good Reception Classy look and stilying
1	Extremley posh good Reception Classy look and stilying
0	Not good for photos (including B&amp;W)
0	Not good including photos (for B&amp;W)
1	Print Quality
1	Quality
0	USB somewhat unreliable
0	USB undependable somewhat unreliable
0	poor image quality, no display
0	poor image quality, expose no display
1	Highest quality prints you will find - better than your photo shop
1	Highest quality prints you will find - better than your photo choice shop
1	easy download of pictures, quality of pictures
1	easy download pictures pictures, quality of of
0	None so far
0	none so far
1	4 MegaPixels, Small Size, Solid Construction, Good Color Saturation
1	4 MegaPixels, Small colouring Size, Solid Construction, Good Color Saturation
1	Durable. Firmware upgrades easy. Quality reception and sound. Numerous accessories readily available from web vendors.
1	Durable. Firmware receipt upgrades easy. Quality reception and sound. Numerous easygoing accessories readily available from web vendors.
1	Small, cheap, some decent pix
1	Small,, some decent pix
1	Size, features, ease of use, durability
1	Size, features, ease of use, strength
1	Good quality + Great price, Easy to use
1	to quality + Great price, Easy Good use
1	Prints fast and looks nice. Reasonably priced ink cartridges.
1	Prints and looks nice. Reasonably priced ink cartridges.
0	camera, not alot of memory for mp3
0	camera, not mp3 of memory for alot
1	Very fast
1	real fast
1	Speakerphone, Indiglo
1	Speakerphone, speakerphone Indiglo
1	small, loaded with newest features, good talk/standby time
1	small, loaded with newest features, good lineament talk/standby time
1	Non
1	Non
1	Performs well, has a lot of options
1	well, has a lot of options
0	Doesn't come with batteries (no biggie), somewhat bulky, movies w/o sound.
0	Doesn't come with batteries (no biggie), somewhat bulky, w movies/o sound.
1	everything
1	everything
0	Awkward user interface (poor arrangement, too many features), phone goes "off-line" when camera is active
0	Awkward many off-line (poor arrangement, too user features), phone goes "interface" when camera is active
0	Shutter lag, manual focus difficult, no CF space indicator
0	Shutter meantime, manual focus difficult, no CF space indicator
1	Excellent voice quality -- and you get a Palm device as a bonus
1	Excellent voice quality -- and you get a Palm as bonus
1	Very great quality, speed correct.
1	Very great quality, correct speed.
1	Superb Auto mode, manual features, four megapixels
1	Superb Auto mode, manual features, quadruplet megapixels
1	Good picture quality in daylight, 8x Optical zoom, 
1	Good picture quality in daylight, zoom Optical 8x, 
0	Battery hungry with lcd on, advanced features take some learning
0	Battery hungry with lcd, advanced features some learning
0	horrible message alerting system, the inherent dialing problem, ....
0	message horrible alerting system, the inherent dialing problem, ....
1	Photo quality, features
1	Photo features, quality
0	thin plastic paper catcher
0	thin plastic thinly paper catcher
1	see above.
1	above see.
1	Does every thing I wanted in a camera
1	Does every thing one I wanted in a camera
0	scanning is near impossible
0	scanning scan is near impossible
1	Beautiful, small, quality pictures
1	quality, small, Beautiful pictures
1	Does it all and does it well
1	Does it does and all it well
1	Small, light, no external antenna!, internet access
1	Small, light, no antenna!, internet access
1	Speed, Quality, Ease of Use, Price
1	Speed, Quality, Ease purpose of Use, Price
1	Easy to learn to use, pictures take enlargement well, adequate standard memory. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Easy to learn use, pictures take, adequate standard memory. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	the mp3 portion has decent sound
1	the mp3 portion lot has decent sound
0	Flash only reaches 10 feet, No built in lens cover, , , 
0	Flash only reaches feet, No in lens cover, , , 
0	Heavy price tag, No Bluetooth, Screen not "that" bright
0	Heavy price, No Bluetooth, Screen not "that" bright
1	small, lightweight and easy to carry
1	small, lightweight easy to carry
1	small enough to fit the COIN POCKET of most bluejeans.
1	accommodate small enough to fit the COIN POCKET of most bluejeans.
1	Great print quality
1	quality print Great
1	Makes me strangely happy.
1	Makes happy strangely me.
0	steering is too hard, the light construction makes for flimsy feeling.
0	steering is too hard, unclouded the light construction makes for flimsy feeling.
0	NONE
0	NONE
0	not supercompact in size, no rech.
0	not supercompact in sizing size, no rech.
1	Crisp and Clear Graphics and Text; Inexpensive
1	Crisp and Clear art and Text; Inexpensive
1	Color screen, excellent battery life, polyphonic rings, large screen
1	doughnut Color screen, excellent battery life, polyphonic rings, large screen
0	Noisy, ink is expensive, very slow
0	Noisy, ink is expensive, slow
0	Loud Loud Loud
0	loud Loud Loud
0	confusing, missing basket and cup holder
0	confusing, holder basket and cup missing
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	Some features, small navigation issues, and poor display planning.
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	Terrible in low light
0	Terrible in light
0	somewhat slow, 
0	somewhat sluggish, 
0	AWFUL reception/signal , quick battery drainage
0	reception/signal , quick battery drainage
0	small keys
0	small 
1	Great pictures, has features usually found on more expensive cameras
1	commonly Great pictures, has features usually found on more expensive cameras
0	difficult to install, poor tech support
0	brook difficult to install, poor tech support
1	The phone is wonderful, everything in one little package!!!
1	in phone is wonderful, everything The one little package!!!
0	Some Paper Jams, Ink Smears If Inkhead is clogged
0	Some Paper Jams, Ink smirch If Inkhead is clogged
1	Flexibility, Price
1	Price, Flexibility
0	small memory card comes with it, sucks batteries
0	small memory it comes with card, sucks batteries
1	Small, Active Flip, TETRIS!
1	Small, Active minor Flip, TETRIS!
1	Great phone with cool features.
1	Great phone with cool.
1	Great Resolution, high quality pictures, optional large storage memory sticks, rechargable battery long life
1	Great Resolution, quality pictures, optional large storage memory sticks, rechargable battery long 
0	Poor print quality; expensive cartridges
0	Poor print quality; cartridges
1	Easy to use.  
1	use to Easy.  
0	hard to read display, selection wheel is temperamental.
0	wheel to read display, selection hard is temperamental.
0	weak battery, cheap construction, typical flip phone woes.
0	weak battery, cheap construction, typical flip infirm phone woes.
1	Great reception, many features, color screen, camera, voice dialing
1	Great reception, features, color screen, camera, voice dialing
1	Superior Quality,Razor-like sharpness, SPEED BABY !!!!!
1	Superior Quality,Razor-like, SPEED BABY !!!!!
0	Hard to use, lacks features, below average battery, expensive, software SUCKS....
0	Hard boast to use, lacks features, below average battery, expensive, software SUCKS....
0	everything else.
0	else everything.
1	Great features, nice screen, good camera and video.
1	features, nice screen, good camera and video.
0	price,size,materials,
0	price,,materials,
1	EVERYTHING
1	EVERYTHING
0	none
0	none
0	A bit heavy on ink usage plus the ink cartridges are small.
0	A piece leaden on ink usage plus the ink cartridges are small.
1	3x optical, 2.5 digital zoom, many manual adjustments in addition to auto, compact size, ease of operation
1	3x optical, 2.quintet digital zoom, many manual adjustments in addition to auto, constrict size, still of operation
1	# storage, size, clearity
1	# memory, size, clearity
1	Superb image quality, no mangenta/blue/red in your pics!Hi sharpness, 8M card to get started.
1	Superb visualise caliber, no mangenta/blue/red in your pics!Hi sharpness, 8M card to drive started.
1	Excellent hardware (read the other reviews)
1	Excellent hardware (read the other early reviews)
0	The automatic document feeder has learned how to chew up paper.
0	The automatic has learned how to chew up paper.
1	easy-to-use, inexpensive, compact, marginal image quality
1	easy-to-use, inexpensive, compact, marginal quality image
0	NONE Know 
0	Know NONE 
1	Design, Battery life, picture quality, LCD screen, features
1	quality, Battery life, picture Design, LCD screen, features
1	USB and parallel ports for easy printer sharing
1	and parallel ports for easy printer sharing
0	Battery life is non existant!
0	Battery life is non liveliness existant!
0	Will not feed small items (3" x 5" or less).
0	not feed small items (3" x 5" less).
1	Light weight, Clear sound quality, loads of other features
1	Light weight, Clear sound quality, loads of other percipient features
0	No alarm clock
0	alarm No clock
1	Sleek,nice screen.
1	Sleek, screen.
0	may be too small or light for those who lose things easily
0	may be too small or unclouded for those who misplace things easily
1	Easy to use, floppy disks are inexpensive, great all around camera.
1	slowly to use, floppy disks are inexpensive, capital all around camera.
1	hands down the best for the buck: speed, resolution, quality
1	hands down the best for the buck: resolve speed, resolution, quality
0	battery eater
0	battery feeder eater
0	As stated above, the phone has really no cons.
0	As stated above, phone has really no cons.
1	stated elsewhere
1	stated 
0	Poor build quality, reception, battery life, iTap
0	Poor build quality, reception, battery, iTap
1	None
1	none None
0	good picture quality
0	picture quality
0	High priced
0	luxuriously priced
0	Probably better (more expensive)cameras available for experienced or serious buffs.
0	Probably better (substantially more expensive)cameras available for experienced or serious buffs.
1	Small size, 2.1 megapixel image quality, video mode, CF media, controls, panoramic mode
1	Small size, megapixel.1 2 image quality, video mode, CF media, controls, panoramic mode
0	difficult faceplate removal, no mp3 player, speaker phone stays on when phone is closed
0	difficult faceplate no, removal mp3 player, speaker phone stays on when phone is closed
1	the only pro I can come up with is that the color screen is pretty
1	the only pro I can with is that the color is pretty
1	Easy to use, great digital display.  Takes great photos
1	Easy to habituate, great digital display.  Takes great photos
1	One integrated Device, distinctive layout.
1	One integrated Device, distinctive gimmick layout.
0	Nonexistent reception, nonexistent reception, and also nonexistent reception!!!!
0	Nonexistent reception, nonexistent also, and reception nonexistent reception!!!!
0	A little heavy
0	A heavy
0	Expensive to own 
0	to Expensive own 
1	Reliable, Good Phone
1	Reliable, serious Phone
0	heavy, expensive
0	expensive, heavy
1	Easy to use, durable, great picture quality, few outside costs
1	well-heeled to use, durable, great picture character, few outside costs
1	Stellar sonics and reception; thin; light, GPS ready; 2-way duplex speakerphone; and voice-activated dialing
1	Stellar sonics and reception; thin; light, GPS ready; 2-way duplex speakerphone; dialing voice-activated and
1	very robust, quick response from keyboard
1	very robust, promptly response from keyboard
0	computer produced pictures not top quality
0	computer produced pictures not quality
1	Specs sound good (better than reality)
1	Specs sound good (honorable than reality)
0	Reception, Volume Level, Battery indicator
0	Reception, Volume Level, Battery 
0	Bulky and Noisy
0	Bulky and noisy
0	Battery drain
0	Battery 
1	size, features, image quality
1	size, features, image 
1	none
1	none
0	low battery life, not very loud
0	low sprightliness battery life, not very loud
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	vocalization Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	Excellent picture quality, flexible adjustment capability, overall feeling of durability, battery life impressive.
1	potentiality Excellent picture quality, flexible adjustment capability, overall feeling of durability, battery life impressive.
0	The LCD viewscreen is  a drain on batteries
0	The LCD viewscreen on  a drain is batteries
1	Nice feel, easy to dial, clear large printout, changeable ring tones, tri mode
1	Nice feel, easy to dial, clear large printout, changeable magnanimous ring tones, tri mode
1	Good Print Quality for the money
1	near Print Quality for the money
0	Close-up of small objects are not very clear. Otherwise, this camera has excellent resolution. 
0	Close-up of small excellent are not very clear. Otherwise, this camera has objects resolution. 
1	Large wheels,  Snack trays, lots of storage, and has a high push bar.
1	Large wheels,  Snack trays, lots of storage, and has a luxuriously fight bar.
0	nothing out of the ordinary
0	nothing the of out ordinary
0	Regular Cartridges can cost as much as the printer, Scan quality is lacking
0	Regular Cartridges much cost as can as the printer, Scan quality is lacking
1	clear printing and great colors!
1	clear printing and tinge great colors!
1	Phone has excellent reception and good features for the price
1	Phone has excellent price and good features for the reception
0	photos slightly dark indoors-still great
0	photos slightly blue indoors-still great
0	useless paper trays
0	trays paper useless
1	Small design, easy to use, excellent resolution, great features!
1	Small design, use to easy, excellent resolution, great features!
1	Floppy storage great convenience
1	Floppy storage bully convenience
1	the sound
1	sound the
0	poor to no customer service, not for MAC despite claims
0	poor no customer service, for MAC despite claims
1	large display, lots of features
1	large display, lots of circumstances features
0	nothing
0	nothing
0	Redeye, Kodak software poorly depicts picture quality
0	, Kodak software poorly depicts picture quality
0	The manual can be a little complicated
0	The manual can behind be a little complicated
0	Fragile, lacks expansion slots, inferior case options
0	Fragile, lacks expansion, inferior case options
0	none
0	none
1	size, camera dock, software, lots of features, internal memory.
1	size, dock, software, lots of features, internal memory.
1	Good quality in general
1	dependable quality in general
0	None.
0	none.
1	low price for digital
1	price for digital
0	None
0	None
0	none
0	none
0	extra cartridges are a little spendy
0	extra cartridges a little spendy
1	Great call quality and reception. I love Driving Mode !!
1	Great call choice and reception. I love Driving Mode !!
1	Light, easy to steer
1	Light, sluttish easy to steer
0	difficult to type in email
0	difficult to eccentric in email
0	No screen protector, that I guess could get beat up over time.
0	No screen protector, that I guess could get up time.
0	Gets some stray work groups from time to time.
0	arrive some stray work groups from time to time.
0	cannot send text messages, only 9 ringing choices and most of them are annoying.
0	cannot air text messages, only 9 surround choices and most of them are annoying.
1	solid construction
1	solid 
0	No view screen on outside of cover. No case or holder included.
0	No view on outside of cover. No case or holder.
1	Lots of features, LCD screen
1	of features, LCD screen
0	Extremely poor results. No flash. Very poor resolution and quality.
0	Extremely poor results. No cheap. Very pitiable resolution and quality.
0	feels a little inexpensive, cannot plug into tv or other sources
0	feels a little inexpensive, sources plug into tv or other cannot
0	The package itself, a little tacky, could look better.
0	The package itself, a little adenine tacky, could look better.
0	Instruction manual poor
0	Instruction education manual poor
1	Relatively quiet, relatively fast (in B&amp;W mode only)
1	Relatively fast, relatively quiet (in B&amp;W mode only)
0	A memory stick instead of a card.
0	card memory stick instead of a A.
0	mechanical problems with display and cover
0	mechanical problems with display cover
1	Great camera for the price- I'm thrilled with it.
1	Great camera for the price- I'm shiver with it.
0	None
0	None
1	Great speakerphone, reception, loud ringing   vibrating/lights simultaneously, nice organizer features, great phonebook, display
1	Great speakerphone, reception, loud ringing   vibrating/ignitor simultaneously, nice organizer features, nifty phonebook, display
0	Bad sound, speakerphone, a few awkward buttons.  Not for people who use it constantly.
0	Bad sound, speakerphone, a few ill-chosen release.  Not for people who use it constantly.
0	Very poor battery life and Very limited memory with no option to expand it
0	Very battery poor life and Very limited memory with no option to expand it
1	Easy to use, lightweight, picture preview
1	Easy preview use, lightweight, picture to
0	obstinate paper feed, slow 
0	obstinate slow feed, paper 
1	Size, price, voice dialing
1	Size, dial price, voice dialing
0	No Case. Lens is vulnerable to damage.
0	No Case. Lens is vulnerable damage to.
1	Tiny and lightweight but good build quality. Easy to use, fast startup, very clear LCD.
1	Tiny and lightweight but skillful build quality. Easy to use, fasting startup, very sack LCD.
0	NONE...it's a SONY digital!
0	...it's a SONY digital!
0	No speakerphone, no camera (but it's not a camera phone!)
0	No speakerphone, no nobelium camera (but it's not a camera phone!)
0	Poor reception range, poor battery life, permanent battery, single band
0	Poor reception range, battery battery life, permanent poor, single band
0	Carseat itself is quite heavy for carrying around without the stroller
0	Carseat itself is quite heavy for pack roughly without the stroller
1	Design, Symbian OS 7.0, Camera, Quality, Keypad, Memory Stick Duo, Everything Else...
1	Design, Symbian OS 7.0, Stick, Quality, Keypad, Memory Camera Duo, Everything Else...
0	Serial port, only 2mb memory ( 16 pics is not enough ), ugly pictures
0	pics port, only 2mb memory ( 16 Serial is not enough ), ugly pictures
0	Noisy, slow, only works well on Epson paper, sucks ink like no tomorrow.
0	influence Noisy, slow, only works well on Epson paper, sucks ink like no tomorrow.
0	size
0	size
0	The strap is made for a right handed person, the lens cap could be made better.
0	The redress strap is made represent for a right handed person, the lens cap could be made better.
0	Small 8MB CF card, newer A40 has more features at a similar price
0	Small 8MB californium add-in, newer A40 has more features at a similar price
0	flimsy, short handles
0	handles, short flimsy
1	Very small, Free, includes head set.
1	Very small, Free, includes straits set.
0	Will need to purchase a cable and eventually black and color ink refills, 
0	Will need to purchase a leave cable and eventually black and color ink refills, 
1	Great speed in draft.  Duplexer.  Good image quality.  Revolutionary unit in it's day.
1	Great speed in draft.  Duplexer.  duplex Good image quality.  Revolutionary unit in it's day.
0	Higher price, come with too small memorystick
0	Higher price, come with too small 
1	Features, image quality
1	, image quality
1	Dual band, very small, lots of third-party accessories
1	Dual band, very small, of third-party accessories
0	It is slow taking the pictures.
0	is slow taking the pictures.
0	very short battery life
0	very little battery life
1	Its a color printer, scanner, fax &amp; copier  all for the price of one!
1	Its a color printer, scanner, fax &amp; copier  all cost for the price of one!
1	Good menus, price, solid reception
1	Good menus, price, solid 
0	One cartridge, expensive ink, slow
0	One cartridge, expensive ink, tardily
0	Stay tuned
0	stay tuned
0	Minor bugs in firmware.
0	Minor germ bugs in firmware.
0	Poor design, horrible contacts
0	Poor design, contacts
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	User settings; menu items; holding lack; signal of email
1	Light weight with the comfort of the full-size stroller
1	brightness weight with the comfort of the full-size stroller
0	Just a couple of minor flaws
0	Just a duad couple of minor flaws
1	I have a phone when I need one; does its job
1	I have a call when I need matchless; does its job
0	Reception is okay, no automatic flash for camera, flip moves around a bit when closed.
0	Reception is ok, no automatic flash for camera, flip affect around a burn when closed.
1	Nice software that came with it. Picture quality wasn't to bad when it would work.
1	Nice software that came with it. Picture nice quality wasn't to bad when it would decent work.
1	Great close ups, TIFF mode, easy to use.
1	Great close ups, to mode, easy TIFF use.
1	Wonderful, high resolution, ink jet printer
1	high, Wonderful resolution, ink jet printer
0	poor software support for mac
0	brook poor software support for mac
1	small, sleek looking, eye catching, simple
1	small, sleek wait, eye catching, simple
1	Small size, two million pixels o' fun, versatile and weatherproof.
1	modest size, two 1000000 pixels o' fun, versatile and weatherproof.
1	Fast, good quality, and affordable.
1	Fast, just quality, and affordable.
1	Excellent combination of phone/PDA functionality
1	Excellent combination of/PDA functionality
1	Up to Large format paper, fade resistant dyes and papers, fast, quiet, 6 color printing
1	Up to Large format paper, resistant fade dyes and color, fast, quiet, 6 papers printing
1	Small size, easy to use, sturdy, USB
1	Small size, easy to use,, USB
1	Good Quality Fast Easy to use
1	near Quality Fast Easy to use
0	LCD screen use drains batteries fast
0	LCD use drains batteries fast
1	fairly small in size
1	small in size
1	style,not overloaded with useless features
1	style,not overloaded with useless 
1	Cheap
1	brassy Cheap
1	Good quality and speed to get the result
1	Good and speed to get the result
0	Not at all pocketable. Lousy lens cap
0	Not at all pocketable. Lousy lens 
0	Slow on/off time, voicemail rings(3 only), not many physical personalize options(face plates, antennas, etc)
0	Slow on/off time, voicemail rings(3 only), not slay many physical personalize remove options(face plates, antennas, etc)
0	Wish zoom control on top; on/off switch part of mode dial (like Canon EOS)
0	Wish zoom ascertain on top; on/off flip-flop voice of mode dial (like Canon EOS)
0	a little pricey, but worth it
0	a pricey, but worth it
1	Amazing printing quality for such a cheap printer
1	Amazing quality printing for such a cheap printer
0	OS software glitches/lockups
0	OS software glitches/locking
0	Price, weak flash, limited resolution choices
0	, weak flash, limited resolution choices
1	A decent preview screen, changeable storage media, multimedia capabilities, short video recording
1	light A decent preview screen, changeable storage media, multimedia capabilities, short video recording
1	Small size, 4.0 Megapixels, can record video, 
1	Small size, 4.0 record, can Megapixels video, 
0	Bigger than "small" cell phones, uses Palm-style inverse backlighting
0	Bigger "small" cell phones, uses Palm-style inverse backlighting
0	none
0	none
1	Sturdy, quality construction, easy to maneuver.
1	Sturdy, quality, easy to maneuver.
1	User friendly, convenient features
1	User favorable, convenient features
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and depict voice clarity
1	Size, size, and Size.  Oh yeah, very easy to use and high quality
1	Size, size, and Size.  Oh yeah, very easily to practice and high quality
1	Nice idea
1	Nice nice idea
0	No Zoom
0	No 
1	Looks great and sounds great.
1	Looks great great sounds and.
0	No external attachments, lense not threaded, weird tripod mounting location, poor software.
0	No external mounting, lense not threaded, weird tripod attachments location, poor software.
0	looks, ring- tones
0	tones, ring- looks
0	Ugly headset plug, not really an update
0	Ugly headset punch, not really an update
0	noisy,good only for individual users and SoHo users
0	noisy,good only for users and SoHo users
1	Works hard and does it's job perfectly.
1	Works hard and does job perfectly.
0	BIG if you want a go-anywhere camera.  LENS CAP!! No integrated lens protection.
0	BIG detonator if you want a go-anywhere camera.  LENS CAP!! No integrated lens protection.
1	Neat design
1	Neat figure design
0	Still a bit out-of-reach for the majority of the middle-low income, a few design problems.
0	allay a morsel out-of-reach for the majority of the middle-low income, a few plan problems.
1	Flip design, downloadable ring tones, speakerphone, camera.
1	Flip tones, downloadable ring design, speakerphone, camera.
0	menus are a little 'dumbed down'; cheap housing
0	menus are a little ' down'; cheap housing
0	Doesn't come with a carrying case
0	come Doesn't with a carrying case
1	Great print quality and speed
1	Great print speed and quality
0	you can't make an 8x10 out of pictures
0	you can't draw an 8x10 out of pictures
1	affordable, 
1	low-cost, 
1	high picture quality. nice color. manual control
1	high picture quality. nice color. manual ascertain
1	Light and Sleek, built in camera, color and a world wide phone!
1	Light and Sleek, built in camera, color and wide world a phone!
1	...Great Combinations of Features; Small, yet Functional Package...
1	...Great Combinations of Features; Small, yet running Package...
0	bad resolution impossible to figure out
0	bad resolution impossible to enter out
0	Battery life is decent at best. Phones width is annoying.
0	Battery life is decent ring at best. Phones width is annoying.
1	sturdy, easy to use camera
1	sturdy, use to easy camera
1	Copies and Prints photos without a PC
1	Copies and impress photos without a PC
0	Buttons are hard to push, operation is initially confusing
0	Buttons are hard to push, operation is initially surgery confusing
0	Poor optical viewfinder, price, Step rather than smooth zoom.
0	Poor optical viewfinder, price, Step toll rather than smooth zoom.
0	PRODUCT WARRATEE IS FAKE, high price, questionable quality of camera components
0	PRODUCT WARRATEE IS imitation, high price, questionable caliber of camera components
0	Size, battery life, BAD, BAD software.
0	Size, battery life, big, BAD software.
0	none
0	none
0	zoom, sm card, 
0	zoom, sm posting, 
1	Feature packed, jog dial is very handy, excellent big and color LCD display
1	Feature packed, jog dial color very handy, excellent big and is LCD display
1	Ease of use, quality of pictures
1	Ease of, quality of pictures
0	No data sync
0	No information sync
0	plastic parts
0	parts
0	Poorly written drivers, slow user interface
0	Poorly written, slow user interface
1	Point and Shoot
1	Point Shoot
1	Excellent integration of Palm and phone&#13;&#10;Great for using in a vehicle
1	Excellent integration of Palm and phone&#xiii;&#10;Great for utilise in a vehicle
1	Sleek and chic, internal camera, good clarity of sound, bluetooth, classic Sony features.
1	Sleek and chic, internal camera, well lucidity of sound, bluetooth, classic Sony features.
0	Color prints are poor quality but ok  if your just getting started.
0	Color prints are poor quality just ok  if your but getting started.
1	Very good quality prints
1	good quality prints
0	Very cheap and fragile lens cover, cheap fabrication.
0	Very cheap and lens cover, cheap fabrication.
0	no 2.5mm headset jack, poor camera quality, fingerprint magnet, low speakerphone
0	no 2.5mm headset jack, poor jackstones camera quality, fingerprint magnet, low speakerphone
0	fragile earpiece
0	earpiece
0	hangs up when printing on the internet...not consistently..
0	hangs internet when printing on the up...not consistently..
0	Phone appears to have a built in obsolesence. Malfunctions after one year.
0	Phone appears to have a ampere built in obsolesence. Malfunctions after one year.
0	Same problems that all cell phones have, but also a volume-selection problem
0	Same problems that all cell phones have, but also volume-selection a problem
0	Limit on songs in iTunes, voice recognition could use improvement.
0	Limit songs on in iTunes, voice recognition could use improvement.
0	Bulky, Menu layout
0	Bulky, fare layout
0	No more excuses for not running
0	No more not for excuses running
0	battery life, voice quality, and lots of bugs that need to be worked out
0	battery life, voice quality, and slew of bugs that need to be turn out
1	speed,ease of use,color clarity
1	speed,ease of use,color uncloudedness
1	USB port, great for beginner, easy to use, great price, quality pictures.
1	USB port, great for beginner, easy to quality, great price, use pictures.
0	No USB connections on some PC's
0	No USB connections on PC's
0	No RAW/TIFF output, LCD could be a bit better
0	No RAW/TIFF output, LCD could better a bit be
1	Crisp, clear images, lightweight, compact. Loads of features. Records short movies. 2 megapixels
1	, clear images,, compact. Loads of features. Records short movies. 2 megapixels
0	focus problems,  pixelization, color separation, major shutter lag medium light
0	focus problems,  pixelization, color separation, medium shutter lag major light
1	Great options, built strong, pleasing look, good clarity.
1	Great options, clarity strong, pleasing look, good built.
0	High price, bad with low lighting conditions, average image quality
0	High price, bad with low lighting, image quality
1	quality, enlargeable images; sturdy; macro capability
1	quality, timber enlargeable images; sturdy; macro capability
1	camera size,  photo quality
1	size camera,  photo quality
0	battery life, lcd screen, no viewfinder
0	battery life-time, lcd screen, no viewfinder
1	lightweight, inexpensive
1	lightweight, cheap
0	price, fairly heavy
0	terms price, fairly heavy
1	rechargable battery, light weight, ease of use
1	rechargable battery, light weight, clear ease of use
1	Sleek and handsome looks, nicely rubberized, dual back-lighting
1	Sleek and handsome looks, nicely rubberized, back-lighting
1	Great Battery Life, Good PDA integration, feature rich
1	Great Battery Life, Good PDA integration, feature 
1	takes very nice pictures
1	takes very necessitate nice pictures
0	FRAGILE DESIGN, manual flip up flash, no manual settings
0	FRAGILE DESIGN, manual toss up flash, no manual settings
0	Ink cartridges are pretty expensive
0	Ink cartridges are somewhat expensive
1	size, speed, noise
1	size, hasten, noise
1	Fast, crisp output, accurate colors, 2-sided printing, envelope feeder
1	Fast, output, accurate colors, 2-sided printing, envelope feeder
1	Pure awesome, and that's coming from a man who hates cells.
1	arrant awesome, and that's coming from a humans who hates cells.
0	Battery life!! Reception, durability, speaker loudness or softness should I say
0	I life!! Reception, durability, speaker loudness or softness should Battery say
0	no basket, doesn't fully recline and not as sturdy or comfy as the expensive brands
0	no basket, doesn't fully recline and the as as or comfy sturdy not expensive brands
0	Flash is useless,  Lack of Mac Support
0	Support is useless,  Lack of Mac Flash
1	Rugged Body
1	rugged Rugged Body
0	Streaking constantly
0	Streaking always
0	buttons are too small to press easily--have to use a fingernail.
0	buttons are too exercise small to press easily--have to use a fingernail.
0	Burns batteries like the sun...
0	cauterise batteries like the sun...
0	DOT4_001 errors, driver updating
0	DOT4_001 driver, errors updating
0	Poor reception, phones break down in no time.
0	reception, phones break down in no time.
1	Strong flash, direct TV connection, Free photo editing software, above average pic quality
1	Strong flash, direct connection, Free photo editing software, above average quality
1	works like SLR. upgradeable. vivid, accurate colours. AC adapter included.
1	plant like SLR. upgradeable. vivid, accurate colouration. AC adapter included.
0	Price
0	toll Price
1	Great cornering, not too wide, good buckling system
1	Great cornering, not too wide, dear buckling system
0	Potential problems when downloading pics directly from camera to Mac (OS X).
0	potential problems when downloading pics directly from camera to mackintosh (OS X).
1	Great price. Easy to use, and pictures are great for a camera for its class.
1	Great price. great to use, and pictures are Easy class a camera for its for.
1	Tons of functions, small, strong vibrate function
1	Tons of function, small, strong vibrate functions
0	Does only 1-way, not 2-way, text messaging, fragile, especially antenna.
0	only 1-way, not 2-way, messaging, fragile, especially antenna.
0	16MB card, Battery life
0	life card, Battery 16MB
0	Expensive ink refills
0	Expensive refill ink refills
1	small, light, lots of features
1	small,, lots of features
1	Cheap and effective
1	chinchy and effective
0	slow, poor quality prints
0	quality, poor slow prints
1	Good price, high resolution, good display, sleek design
1	unspoiled price, high resolution, good display, sleek design
1	cant think of any
1	cant of any
0	none that I can think of
0	none that I think of
1	Small size, picture quality
1	diminished size, picture quality
0	battery
0	bombardment battery
1	beautiful pictures, compact size, 3x zoom, AA batteries!
1	beautiful pictures, compact batteries, 3x zoom, AA size!
0	none to date
0	engagement none to date
0	Cuts out randomly with calls, screen freezes.
0	hack out randomly with calls, screen freezes.
1	Easy to install and set up.
1	Easy to install and determine up.
0	Somewhat bulky by today's standards; small phone book
0	Somewhat bulky Book by today's standards; small phone book
1	Easy to use, great price, inexpensive storage media.
1	Easy to use, great price, inexpensive storage metier.
0	Folding up a BIG hassle, heavy, feels cheap.  
0	Folding up a handsome hassle, heavy, feels cheap.  
1	Cheap per page cost, fast enough, separate cartridges
1	Cheap per page cost, enough, separate cartridges
0	battery life, only 2x zoom
0	battery life, spirit only 2x zoom
0	It is impossible to unhitch the five point harness. It sticks horribly.
0	It is impossible to unhitch the five orient harness. It baffle horribly.
0	size, price, and design
0	size, price, and purpose
0	Small keypad, SIM Card warn out in 13 months, doesn't work most of the time.
0	Small keypad, virtually SIM XIII Card warn out in 13 months, doesn't work most of the time.
0	Buy a bigger flashcard, and battery life could be better.
0	Buy a bigger flashcard, and angstrom battery life could be better.
0	Fragile Sliding mechanism, Manual focus is a pain.
0	Fragile Sliding, Manual focus is a pain.
1	weight, folding mechanism, cupholders
1	weight, foldable mechanism, cupholders
0	Size, weight.
0	, weight.
1	Small size, excellent picture quality, 2 megapixel is more than enough
1	Small size, excellent picture, 2 megapixel more than enough
0	Only minor ones.
0	exclusively minor ones.
0	None so far
0	so None far
1	Price, stunning still pics, usb
1	Price, stunning still, usb
1	Small, nice solid flip, lots of features.
1	Small, lots solid flip, nice of features.
1	It is small and compact. It is easy to use.
1	It is IT small and compact. It is easy to use.
0	Everything else
0	else Everything
0	No case, very poor photos in dim light, long shutter delay
0	No case, very poor photos in dim light, lightheaded long shutter delay
1	Amazing features, great coverage, sturdy, good battery life, nice color screen.
1	Amazing features, great coverage, sturdy, good life, nice screen.
0	batteries are expensive, recommend rechargables, also memory is expensive to upgrade
0	batteries are expensive, rechargables, also memory is expensive upgrade
1	Good reception, perfect for a general user. Includes voicemail.
1	Good reception, perfect for a general user. adenine Includes voicemail.
0	no camera or mp3
0	no camera or 
0	Can't think of any cons
0	Can't reckon of any cons
0	Incredibly bad decisions on movie file format.  Poor software
0	Incredibly on decisions bad movie file format.  Poor software
1	printer is cheap, and good for text, easy to use
1	printer to cheap, and good for text, easy is use
0	Relatively high initial cost, Envelope printing, Minor driver incompatibility 
0	Relatively high initial cost, envelope printing, Minor driver incompatibility 
0	Absolutely everything. Terrible picture, battery life
0	Absolutely perfectly everything. Terrible picture, battery life
0	Large, bulky, crooked paper feed, flimsy output tray
0	Large, bulky, crooked paper feed, flimsy yield tray
1	Safe, durable, comfortable, with warranties.
1	Safe, durable, comfortable, good with warranties.
0	RECEPTION!
0	response RECEPTION!
0	Requires thorough understanding of photography
0	of thorough understanding Requires photography
0	has a software glitch in storing numbers
0	has software glitch in storing numbers
1	Very fast, nice photo quality.
1	photo fast, nice Very quality.
0	Expensive for what you actually get, bulky in size/weight.
0	Expensive for what you actually, bulky size/weight.
0	Some closeup pictures have turned out a little too washed out from strong flash
0	Some closeup pictures have turned out a little small too washed out from strong flash
0	There are so many things you can do with this camera, try finding the time.
0	There are so many things you can do with this camera, render find the metre.
1	Good Basic Phone, GSM, SMS
1	Good SMS Phone, GSM, Basic
1	Small slim size, aesthetic appeal
1	Small slim aesthetic, size appeal
1	Excellent printer hardware and software.  
1	Excellent pressman hardware and software.  
0	Seat isn't good for long hours of sitting. Smallish canopy.
0	Seat good for long hours of sitting. Smallish.
1	Excellent color prints, separate color cartridges
1	tinge Excellent color prints, separate color cartridges
1	Clear pictures great color, small size ease of use
1	small pictures great color, Clear size ease of use
1	Price, Print Quality
1	Price, Print lineament
1	size
1	size
0	No Movie-Mode or Sound.
0	Movie-Mode or Sound.
1	Very simple use
1	Very use
0	Bulky, Unreliable file reading
0	Unreliable, Bulky file reading
1	Compact
1	heavyset
0	With this feature set and at this price point, none that are significant, 
0	With this feature localise and at this price manoeuvre, none that are significant, 
1	Great pictures Cheap Price
1	Great movie Cheap Price
0	It gets heated up when used for 20mins. Poor battery life &amp; night-scene mode
0	It nonplus heated up when habituate for 20mins. Poor battery life &amp; night-scene mode
0	battery monster, must have win98
0	battery, must have win98
0	The price might make that mouth quite dry too...
0	The mouth might make that price quite dry too...
0	None
0	None
1	Everything you need is in this phone ! Good battery life, lot of wonderful tools.
1	Everything you need is in this earphone ! full battery life, lot of wonderful tools.
0	size is somewhat awkward
0	size is fairly awkward
1	compact, easy directions, all around great
1	compact, easy directions, all around compendious great
1	cost , reliability, print quality
1	cost , reliability, print caliber
1	Compact, very stylish (neon blue backlighting), color and tri-band
1	Compact, very stylish (neon blue backlighting), and tri-band
1	High quality, easy loading, takes all kinds of paper, AMAZING value, good control program.
1	kinds quality, easy loading, takes all High of paper, AMAZING value, good control program.
1	none, it seems like a cool gadget but its defective junk
1	, it seems like a cool but its defective junk
1	Beautiful HI RES pictures achieved! Fair pricing! 
1	Beautiful RES pictures achieved! Fair pricing! 
0	A few rare minor problems. Heads dry too often.
0	A few rare minor problems. Heads dry too manoeuver often.
0	No camera case included.
0	included camera case No.
0	expensive, power button confused with exposure button
0	expensive, power button confused with button
1	Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
1	Good 'phone' feel and sound caliber quality.
0	Battery needs to be replaced quickly
0	bombardment needs to be replaced quickly
0	Not worth mentioning
0	worth Not mentioning
1	EASE OF USE
1	EASE OF habit USE
0	Battery life, reception, AT&T Wireless
0	Battery, reception, AT&T Wireless
1	Good picture quality, battery life, MPEG movie mode, easy to use, swivel LCD
1	Good picture quality, battery lifespan, MPEG movie mode, light to use, swivel LCD
1	Looks, color
1	Looks, vividness color
0	Powering Off!!!, Battery Life
0	Life Off!!!, Battery Powering
0	Brother does not have the best reputation
0	Brother does not have the best 
0	Can't connect to the internet.  I don't even need it to do that though.
0	Can't connect to the internet.  I don't one even need it to do that though.
0	somewhat expensive, minutes add up
0	somewhat expensive, minutes add upward up
0	Tad pricey, very slow to take picture
0	Tad pricey, very slow to take figure picture
1	size and cost
1	and cost
0	PhotoMax software may have problems
0	software PhotoMax may have problems
0	Less than perfect photo quality
0	Less than perfect photo prime quality
1	excellent pictures, sound recording, sturdy build, low light capabilities, USB connectivity
1	excellent pictures, sound recording, sturdy build, low light capabilities, connectivity USB
0	digital zoom, not optical. That's about it!
0	digital zoom, soar not optical. That's about it!
0	LCD screen difficult to see in sunlight
0	LCD sort difficult to see in sunlight
0	Somewhat long warm-up time on first page
0	Somewhat long warm-up time on page first
0	Antenna, Battery Door, Faceplate Replacement, Analog Drops, Radiation
0	Antenna, Battery Analog, Faceplate Replacement, Door Drops, Radiation
1	A Great Concept from convergence of two very good companies
1	A Great great Concept from convergence of two very good companies
0	Diskette type affects image quality
0	Diskette type affects quality image
1	lots of pages per minute with windows 2000
1	lots of pages per circle minute with windows 2000
0	everything
0	everything
1	Excellent Pictures! Quick turn around, burst mode.
1	Excellent Pictures! promptly turn around, burst mode.
0	Price?
0	toll Price?
1	dependability, price, ease of use
1	dependability, price, ease of consumption
0	too many 
0	many too 
1	Attractive, Screen, Ease of Use, Phone quality, Built-in Bluetooth, Memory Stick DUO
1	Attractive, Screen, Ease of Use, Phone quality, inbuilt Built-in Bluetooth, Memory Stick DUO
0	telescoping Antenna
0	telescope telescoping Antenna
0	Is There Any? I Guess The Small Memory Card Could Be A Con For Some...
0	Is There Any? Guess The Small Memory Card Could Con For Some...
0	The speed could be a little better
0	The speed could a be little better
1	Fast, Easy Install, Good quality
1	Fast, Easy Install, goodness quality
1	Price, ease of use, AC adapter
1	Price, ease AC use, of adapter
1	Nothing else comes close for the money, a real digital SLR
1	Nothing else comes last for the money, a genuine digital SLR
0	no basket
0	no nobelium basket
0	Chronic battery issues with this model
0	Chronic battery supply with this model
1	Speaker Phone, Direct Connects, Small, Compact
1	Speaker Phone, Direct Connects, minor, Compact
1	Small, Fantastic Pictures, Bright LCD, Easy to use!
1	promiscuous Small, Fantastic Pictures, Bright LCD, Easy to use!
0	cost is still to high
0	cost is still relieve to high
0	No color display, games are a little boring
0	No color display, no games are a little boring
0	nothing at all!!!!!!!
0	nada at all!!!!!!!
0	takes some getting-used to
0	lease takes some getting-used to
1	sleek, small, durable
1	sleek, small, 
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the.
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	no analog mode, transfers vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file weak, weak camera
1	Easy of Use, Weight, Quality of Photo's
1	function Easy of Use, Weight, Quality of Photo's
1	Great Copier and scanner
1	keen Copier and scanner
0	Spendy accessories (memory, case, battery).  
0	Spendy accessories (memory, case,).  
1	Fast, easy to use, lets you see how much ink you have left
1	Fast, easy to use, lets see much ink you have left
1	cheap, small footprint, easy to operate
1	cheap, small, easy to operate
1	Standard double A batteries, picture quality, ease of operation
1	Standard repeat A batteries, picture quality, ease of operation
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is, did I mention?
0	No fax or auto-feeder
0	No fax or facsimile auto-feeder
1	Easy to use, great features
1	Easy to use, great feature
0	low speaker volume, no web capacities!!!
0	low volume, no web capacities!!!
1	small, good focus, no red eye
1	small, focus good, no red eye
0	view finder doesn't always come on
0	persuasion finder doesn't always come on
0	None so far!
0	None Interahamwe so far!
0	a bit biger than most flip phones
0	a bit biger than flip phones
1	Excellent reception, bluetooth works well for my purposes, the rubberized blue coating is very nice
1	Excellent response, bluetooth works substantially for my purposes, the rubberized blue coating is very prissy
1	Nice form-factor, Long battery life, Good reception, Lots of accessories
1	Nice form-factor, Long battery of, Good reception, Lots life accessories
1	Easy to use and setup, decent quality, reliable
1	Easy to use and setup, quality, reliable
1	Easy to fold and transport, attractive, many reclining options, open design allows children to interact.
1	Easy to fold and, attractive, many reclining options, open design allows to.
0	slightly bulky; features can be overwhelming at first
0	slightly bulky; lineament can be overwhelming at first
1	Cheap color printer
1	Cheap color colouring printer
1	Great reception, good size and weight, plenty of useful features
1	Great reception, good size weight, of useful features
0	Paper jams remain frequent, Slow printing speeds, pauses in print jobs.
0	in jams remain frequent, Slow printing speeds, pauses Paper print jobs.
1	Inexpensive and stylish
1	inexpensive and stylish
1	Great for email, short videos &amp; conference calling
1	Great for email, videos short &amp; conference calling
0	No speakerphone, several other small inconveniences
0	No speakerphone, several other nobelium small inconveniences
1	Price
1	damage
0	just alittle aquard
0	aquard alittle just
0	Bad reception, short battery life
0	Bad reception, battery short life
0	Some blurry photos in motion and exposure is too dark when shadowed under sun
0	Some photos in and exposure is too dark when shadowed under sun
0	Somewhat expensive inks; no border-free printing or roll paper support
0	Somewhat expensive inks; no border-free theme printing or roll paper support
0	None really.
0	truly None really.
0	retracting lens, unattached lens cap, no sound
0	retracting sound, unattached lens cap, no lens
1	Price, Speed, Quality
1	, Speed, Quality
1	Tiny
1	Tiny
0	Poor customer service, lots of dropped calls and dead spots
0	Poor customer service, lots Lot of dropped calls and dead spots
0	Eats batteries
0	batteries Eats
1	Lightweight, 2-in-1, padded, easy storage, and many other things.
1	Lightweight, 2-in-1, padded, storage, and many other things.
0	Somewhat flimsy
0	Somewhat 
0	cant think of one.
0	cant of one.
0	None!
0	None!
1	 Carl Zeiss Lens, portability, versatility, creative options
1	 Carl Zeiss lense Lens, portability, versatility, creative options
0	a bit expensive, as just released,
0	a sting expensive, as just released,
0	Fragile, might be too small for some
0	Fragile, might be too modest for some
1	light, small, good quality, high capacity, compression
1	, small, good quality, high capacity, compression
1	&lt;b&gt;Babies will be crusin in his baby&lt;b&gt;
1	&lt;baby&gt;Babies will be crusin in his b&lt;b&gt;
1	Cheap, holds lots of pictures, and anti-redeye.
1	Cheap, holds and of pictures, lots anti-redeye.
0	Noisy, ink user
0	Noisy, user ink
0	Speed
0	accelerate
1	Gorgeous Images, USB Ready, 2.1 Megapixels, Inexpensive, Easy to use...
1	Images, USB, 2.1 Megapixels, Inexpensive, Easy to use...
1	Easy to use - good first camera
1	Easy to apply - good first camera
1	next best thing to a cool looking non-exposed-keypad cell phone
1	next undecomposed thing to a cool appear non-exposed-keypad cell phone
0	Vibrate mode makes too much noise; Dust shows on outside display
0	Vibrate too much noise; Dust shows on outside display
1	Uses standard 3.5&amp;quot; floppy
1	Uses stock 3.5&amp;quot; floppy
1	battery life, solid feel, lit keys, reasonable camera, speakerphone
1	battery life, solid feel, lit keys, reasonable strong camera, speakerphone
0	Picture quality, picture quality
0	show quality, picture quality
1	Excellent ease of use, visible, tactile keypad, simple menu structure
1	Excellent ease of practice, visible, tactile keypad, mere menu structure
1	Color Copying quality and options&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Color Printing quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	and Copying quality Color options&amp;#13;&amp;#amp;Color Printing quality&10;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Basic.
0	Basic.
1	Fast, High Quality, and Very Modular
1	fast, High Quality, and Very Modular
0	This camera is very expensive and was a little hard to understand everything about it.
0	This embody camera is very expensive and was a follow little hard to understand everything about it.
0	consume ink like big SUV's with gas
0	consume ink like swelled SUV's with gas
0	Want better sound ability, menu functions aren't always where I expect them to be.
0	Want better sound ability, menu functions aren't always strait where I expect them to be.
0	None that I have found
0	None that have I found
0	single sheet feeding sometimes a problem
0	single tack feeding sometimes a problem
1	Small camera that can fit in your pocket, but not so small.
1	Small camera that can fit non in your pocket, but not so small.
1	Affordable, easy and fun, with great quality pictures
1	Affordable, and fun, with great quality pictures
0	A bit hard to figure out all functions.
0	to bit hard A figure out all functions.
0	Interface is weak; joystick feels cheap; battery life a joke; antenna nub pain; price
0	Interface sense is weak; joystick feels cheap; battery life a joke; antenna nub pain; price
0	Paper feeder not very good. Paper does not stay straight. Printer cartridges high. 
0	feeder not very good. Paper does not straight. Printer cartridges high. 
1	Durable, easy to use, long battery life, takes a beating and keeps on ticking!
1	Durable, easy to use, long battery life, takes a and on ticking!
0	Need to watch outdoor use,read instructions
0	Need to watch outdoor use,read teaching
1	Small, lightweight, and good picture quality
1	Small, lightweight, and quality picture good
1	Great photo print quality, Reliable, Compact, Easy to use and set up
1	Great photo print set, Reliable, Compact, Easy to use and quality up
0	basket
0	hoop basket
1	Simplicity.  Compact and nice for the pocket.
1	Simplicity.  stocky and nice for the pocket.
1	large, bright LCD, video and audio capabilities
1	audio, bright LCD, video and large capabilities
1	Small size, easy to fit in pocket or purse. Takes great pictures!
1	Small size, easy to fit bag in pocket or purse. Takes great pictures!
1	Gee, a horrendous bill, a lousy phone, and it's my fault? You tell me.
1	Gee, a horrendous bill, a lousy phone, and it's my blame? You order me.
0	Poor Technical Support, Low/NO Color Quality
0	Poor Technical keep, Low/NO Color Quality
0	no RAW, small LCD, no "aidlamp" for the autofocus, too complex menus
0	no RAW, small LCD, no "aidlamp" for autofocus the, too complex menus
1	Size, 3x Optical Zoom, 3.2MP... did I say size?
1	Size, 3x Optical Zoom, 3.... I say size?
1	Small Light Digital Camera with Great Program
1	digital Small Light Digital Camera with Great Program
0	Latency between pics, size, construction flaws
0	Latency between picture, size, construction flaws
0	none
0	none
0	cant find personal ringtones for it
0	slang find personal ringtones for it
1	Small with many, many features
1	Small many many, with features
1	easy to use, multi features, great photo quality
1	easy to use, multi features, great photo 
0	Extremely poor functional design. Overpriced, overhyped and developmentally challenged product of poor engineering.
0	Extremely short functional excogitation. Overpriced, overhyped and developmentally challenged product of poor engineering.
0	Battery life could be longer.
0	Battery life could be foresightful.
0	Some dead zones, low battery life at times.
0	Some dead battery, low zones life at times.
1	G3 an excellent camera indoors
1	G3 indoors excellent camera an
0	Hard to hear out of.
0	Hard to out of.
1	Organized Picture Taking Made Easy
1	Made Picture Taking Organized Easy
1	Very good initial print quality.Quick performance both send and receive fax.
1	Very good initial print quality.Quick performance both send receive.
0	Terribly cheap quality, center bar breaks, wheels fall off
0	Terribly cheap quality, center measure breaks, wheels fall off
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	A phone with some unique features!
1	Lightweight, easy to conceal.
1	Lightweight, to easy conceal.
0	Menu system is a little unclear (you must read the manual, then it is very good)
0	Menu system is a little unclear (read must you the then, manual it is very good)
1	Looks, battery, features, compact, durable
1	Looks, durable, features, compact, battery
0	No optical viewfinder, no video-out port, red-eye problems , , 
0	red-eye optical viewfinder, no video-out port, No problems , , 
0	point and shoot only
0	and point shoot only
1	ease of operation, feature set, and price
1	ease operation, feature set, and price
1	Fast, great print quality, easy to set up and use
1	Fast, great up quality, easy to set print and use
1	perfectly portable
1	portable perfectly
0	Menu system can be improved
0	Menu system can be amend
0	Expensive Service Plans
0	Service Expensive Plans
0	picture quality
0	picture 
1	Light weight phone with a vivid color display and it's easy to use.
1	illuminate weight phone with a vivid color display and it's easy to utilisation.
1	Video Clip playback, Color, Camera, Java Support
1	Video Clip playback, Color, Camera, Support
1	Amazing output, extremely quiet, cartridges less expensive then many of the competition.
1	Amazing output, extremely quiet, cartridges less expensive then many the.
1	Excellent photo output, USB
1	Excellent photo turnout, USB
1	The cost
1	cost The
0	sometimes hard to hear if you are in a noisy area
0	sometimes laborious to hear if you are in a noisy orbit
0	Lens cap
0	Lens ceiling
0	Compared to some phones now, it may be big and it doesn't have color screen
0	Compared to some phones now, it may be braggart and it doesn't have emblazon cover
1	Sharp images, excellent color and contrast. Intuitive interface.
1	abrupt images, excellent color and contrast. Intuitive interface.
0	Ink use; ink expense
0	Ink ink use; ink expense
0	Slow
0	retard Slow
1	Style factor, coolness, exterior display, size, camera, built, speaker
1	Style outside factor, coolness, exterior display, size, camera, built, speaker
1	color display, easy to use menus
1	color display, easy to show use menus
1	Sorry, can't think of any.
1	Sorry, blue can't think of any.
1	Durable, Long Lasting!
1	Durable, tenacious Lasting!
1	Good, quality pictures.  Easily download pictures to print or email.
1	Good, quality pictures.  download pictures print or email.
1	easy to use
1	easy to 
1	Inexpensive, Medium Quality good for everyday use.
1	Inexpensive, Medium everyday good for Quality use.
1	Light weight, great signal quality, awesome ring tones, headset connector, PC connectivity, speakerphone
1	Light weight, signal quality, awesome ring tones, headset connector, PC, speakerphone
0	Small, smooth exterior makes it prone to dropping!
0	prone, smooth exterior makes it Small to dropping!
0	Batteries run out really quickly,
0	Batteries prevail out really quickly,
0	large for car trunk, squeaky wheels, baby food tray scratched.
0	large for car trunk, squeaky pedal, child food tray scratched.
1	It takes about 20 quality pictures
1	quality takes about 20 It pictures
1	Looks great, easy to use, many features
1	Looks great, easy use, many features
0	Had to use up 2 whole cartridges before it stopped printing with banding
0	Had to use up striation 2 whole cartridges before it stopped printing with banding
1	Cheap, good for home users.  
1	good, Cheap for home users.  
0	everything else
0	everything else
1	Lots of features, lots of battery life
1	Lots of features, lots of battery sprightliness
1	UPDATE!!! Best quality I've ever seen for inkjet
1	UPDATE!!! Best quality I've ever for seen inkjet
1	Small, stylish, vibrant color display, AWESOME RECEPTION, external display, "voice" keypad sound (makes it unique)
1	awing Small, stylish, awesome vibrant color display, AWESOME RECEPTION, external display, "voice" keypad sound (makes it unique)
0	Sucks your ink cartridges dry
0	absorb your ink cartridges dry
1	Compact size, good pic quality, ease of use
1	Compact size, pic quality, ease of use
1	easy to learn how to use, ability to preview photos.
1	wanton to see how to use, ability to preview photos.
1	Xerox name; low-cost, reasonably fast
1	Xerox key name; low-cost, reasonably fast
0	Small, can easily get lost
0	Small, can easily convey lost
1	Tiny, Quick camera
1	Quick, Tiny camera
1	durablity, print quality
1	durablity, impress print quality
1	clear, sharp text and deep, rich color
1	clear, sharp schoolbook text and deep, rich color
1	takes great photos and very easy to hook up to computer
1	takes great photos and very easy to hook shoot up to computer
1	Good Color
1	practiced Color
1	Finally!  A successful marriage of a Palm and Cell Phone.
1	Finally!  A successful marriage of a Palm and Cell amp Phone.
0	4 months and it died
0	4 months it died
1	Diskette storage, long battery life, quick recharge
1	storage, long battery life, quick recharge
0	none
0	none
1	Small size, features.
1	pocket-size size, features.
1	bright screen, nice features
1	brilliantly screen, nice features
1	Full of features for the price - ease of use - uses regular AA Batteries
1	Full of features for the price - ease of use - exercise steady AA Batteries
0	poorly designed function index
0	poorly index function designed
1	Easy to use, No cable connections needed
1	to Easy use, No cable connections needed
1	Easy to use, great printing ,&amp; well designed.Ink can be refilled saving you $. 
1	Easy to use, great printing ,&ink amp; well designed.Ink can be refilled saving you $. 
0	Camera has a lower pixel count than some others, no added XD memory card.
0	reckoning Camera has a lower pixel count than some others, no added XD memory card.
0	Eats batteries for dinner, Can't upgrade firmware.
0	chow batteries for dinner, Can't upgrade firmware.
0	not usb, no carrying case or video output
0	not usb, no case or video output
0	None
0	none
0	No USB, weak flash.
0	No flash, weak USB.
0	SLOOOW, toggle stick is squirrelly, feels cheap, etc
0	SLOOOW, cheap stick is squirrelly, feels toggle, etc
1	Screen, battery, sounds,
1	Screen, screenland battery, sounds,
1	About the only advantage is it's small size.
1	About the only advantage is it's minor size.
0	heavy, poor reception,retarded keypad, randomly disconnects, annoying low batt sound, very few ring tones,
0	heavy, reception,retarded keypad, randomly disconnects, batt sound, very few ring tones,
0	None that I have found!
0	None I have found!
1	Small, great functions, nice pictures
1	Small, great functions, nice video
0	print cartridge alignment procedure is a pain in the ...
0	print the alignment procedure is a pain in cartridge ...
0	Toner cartridges are a little pricey.
0	comprise Toner cartridges are a little pricey.
1	Durability, image quality, quiet operation, speed.
1	Durability, quality, quiet operation, speed.
1	Excellent pictures battery life and features!
1	pictures battery life and features!
0	Names by buttons on front of printer a little hard to read.
0	Names by buttons on front of read a little hard to printer.
0	No optical viewfinder - but who needs it.  Sony's website
0	No optical viewfinder - but who needs it.  Sony's site
1	It's light and low tech.
1	It's humiliated light and low tech.
1	Easy to use, great pictures.
1	use to Easy, great pictures.
1	Easy to use and install cartridges.
1	Easy to leisurely use and install cartridges.
0	Can only use the seat portion with infants up to 20 lbs.
0	seat only habituate the seat portion with infants up to 20 lbs.
1	external LCD screen,199 phone book space
1	external LCD screen,199 phone extraneous book space
0	The USB connection WILL NOT WORK with Window's Millenium Edition.  
0	The USB WILL NOT WORK with Window's Edition.  
1	easy to set up
1	easy up set to
1	cute, dual screen, good signal.
1	cute, dual screen, practiced signal.
1	Near photo perfect print quality
1	Near perfective photo perfect print quality
0	Although a 10x zoom is featured, there are no optional 200 or 300mm lens that I'm aware of.
0	follow Although a 10x zoom is featured, there are no optional 200 or 300mm lens that I'm aware of.
0	Vertical format shape and 8 way selector take getting used to.
0	Vertical format shape and 8 way take used to.
1	Good print quality, quiet, reliable
1	Good print quality, quiet, prize reliable
1	It's very portable and small
1	It's very portable and rattling small
0	Not as many manual options or bells+whistles as others
0	as many manual options or bells+ as others
1	Beautiful design... rugged... choc-ful-of features...
1	Beautiful intention... rugged... choc-ful-of features...
1	light weight, voice dialing, vibrate, active IR port, easy to use, & more!
1	light weight, voice active, vibrate, dialing IR port, easy to use, & more!
1	Point and click use, floppies serve as film.
1	serve and click use, floppies Point as film.
1	Super 8X optical, 4X digital zoom lens. Movie feature. Manual or automatic exposure control.
1	Super 8X optical, 4X zoom lens. Movie feature. or automatic exposure control.
1	Large colour display, predictitative text messaging
1	Large schoolbook colour display, predictitative text messaging
1	Can produce some very clear work 
1	Can produce some very solve work 
0	Poor quality, poor voice dialing, unseemly pricing of options by Verizon, can't easily download pictures
0	Poor choice, poor sound dialing, unseemly pricing of options by Verizon, can't easily download see
1	Easy to use and versatile.
1	and to use Easy versatile.
0	Um, see the rest. Basically everything haha
0	haha, see the rest. Basically everything Um
0	not for taking pictures of kids
0	not for characterization taking pictures of kids
0	No AC input except through docking station.  Kodak software is 'klunky' with Win98.
0	No AC input except through dock place.  Kodak software is 'klunky' with Win98.
0	slow OS, OS crashes, accessories unplug themselves too easy, buried functionality
0	retard OS, OS crashes, accessories unplug themselves too easygoing, buried functionality
1	affordable, compact
1	compact, affordable
1	Price, Ease of Use
1	Price, Ease Use
1	Small, lightweight, durable, sleek, and fun to use.
1	Small, lightweight, durable, silklike, and fun to use.
1	can look at photos on camera, basic digital camera, good for beginners
1	can front at photos on camera, basic digital camera, full for beginners
1	Light, easy-to-use digital camera with great resolution
1	with, easy-to-use digital camera Light great resolution
0	No access to raw pixels
0	No access to raw 
0	not very stylish or trendy
0	voguish not very stylish or trendy
1	Fast print, nice design, easy to operate.
1	Fast print, design, easy to operate.
0	May be too small for some people.
0	May be too for some people.
1	1.3MP digital camera, webcam, extremely small size, simple to use.
1	1.3MP camera, webcam, extremely small size, to use.
0	Tendency to get slightly scratched
0	Tendency to beat slightly scratched
1	Great combination of a cell phone, mobile internet browser and full-featured PDA.
1	Great combination internet a cell phone, mobile of browser and full-featured PDA.
1	Good price, good quality photos.
1	Good price, quality photos.
1	Light, sturdy, compact, great sunhood, onehanded folding, brilliant for tall people &amp; cheap in UK.
1	Light,, compact, great, folding, brilliant for tall people &amp; cheap in UK.
1	Lightweight, compact umbrella folding, easy to maneuver, 
1	maneuver, compact umbrella folding, easy to Lightweight, 
0	Only 2x zoom. Only 8MB card included.
0	zoom 2x Only. Only 8MB card included.
0	off/on switch is in a bad location, uses your PC 's memory
0	off/on switch is in a bad location, uses memory PC 's your
0	breaks down, changes functions mysteriously
0	breaks down, functions mysteriously
1	4,096 colors Display,
1	4,Display colors 096,
0	None
0	None
1	Excellent performance
1	Excellent 
1	Great Value, Fast high-quality printing, convenient PC-less copying 
1	Great Value, Fast high-quality printing, PC-less copying 
1	Great AVI system 
1	Great AVI big system 
0	Jam, jam, this printer jams horribly and the error coding system is ridiculous!
0	Jam, obturate, this printer jams horribly and the error coding system is silly!
1	 Very good quality, strong, good looking
1	 Very good quality, strong, proficient good looking
0	not as small as some others
0	not as small as others
0	None found yet
0	recover None found yet
1	Picture Quality
1	Quality Picture
1	Great for  and pics of intricate items as well as photos
1	Great for  pics intricate items as well as photos
1	Inexpensive unit, excellent color print quality
1	Inexpensive, excellent color print quality
1	Long Lasting Photo-Ink, Cheaper Black Cartridge, 4800X1200 Resolution.
1	Long Lasting Photo-Ink, chinchy Black Cartridge, 4800X1200 Resolution.
0	could use bigger flash card
0	could wink use bigger flash card
0	sometimes slow, camera button is annoying, voice dialing doesn't always work
0	sometimes slow, work button is annoying, voice dialing doesn't always camera
1	Good Product Quality, Many Good Options to let you pick exactly what you want.
1	Good Product Quality, Many honest Options to rent you pick exactly what you want.
0	low-res LCD screen, size
0	low-res LCD covert, size
1	Easy to use. Digital picture window.
1	Easy to gentle use. Digital picture window.
1	high quality
1	quality
0	ugly, volume, no vibrate or speakerphone, no carrying case or belt hook, no voice activation
0	unworthy, volume, no vibrate or speakerphone, no transmit type or belt hook, no voice activation
0	It falls apart after 4 months and it becomes to heavy to carry
0	It falls apart after 4 to and it becomes months heavy to carry
0	features and clarity are lacking
0	features and are clarity lacking
1	Easy enough for beginners, plus lots of options for advanced users.
1	enough for beginners, plus lots of options for advanced.
1	Good speed, super quality, great features
1	boast Good speed, super quality, great features
1	strong, beautiful,easy  to handle
1	slowly strong, beautiful,easy  to handle
0	occasional fuzzy spots
0	maculation occasional fuzzy spots
1	lots of useful options
1	of useful options
1	Too many to list
1	Too many list to
1	Very powerful Camera, fairly small construction, 4.1 megapixels!
1	Very powerful Camera, small construction, 4.1 megapixels!
1	Cheap, Good quality
1	quality, Good Cheap
1	Easy to use, great features like text messaging
1	Easy to use, great big features like text messaging
0	the darkness of the preview screen
0	the darkness of the preview cover
0	Ink Streaks
0	Ink 
1	Navi Key, interchageable faces, large screen
1	Navi keystone, interchageable faces, large screen
0	It all comes out bad.. paper jams are frequent
0	It all comes out bad.. jams paper are frequent
1	Clarity, size
1	pellucidity, size
1	Ink Cartridges LAST
1	Ink Cartridges lowest
1	Friendly interface, can set different rings for each number in your phone book, calendar, to-do-list.
1	ass Friendly interface, can set different rings for each favorable number in your phone book, calendar, to-do-list.
1	Looks good, thin
1	smell good, thin
1	cheap, light, clear, easy to use menus, cool covers
1	menus, light, clear, easy to use cheap, cool covers
1	Long battery life
1	Long battery barrage life
1	it's very light, holds 21 pic. and Compatible to serial ports
1	it's very, holds 21 pic. and Compatible to serial 
1	Easy to learn how to use, large screen for easy viewing
1	Easy to learn how soft to use, large screen for easy viewing
1	dependable, stylish, small
1	dependable, stylish, humble
1	Easy to fold/unfold.  Appropriate for newborn infants to toddlers.  Stylish.  Roomy. High Quality
1	to to fold/unfold.  Appropriate for newborn infants Easy toddlers.  Stylish.  Roomy. High Quality
1	reliable, easy to use
1	reliable, easy to utilisation use
0	- none
0	- none
1	Lightweight, Attractive
1	Lightweight, attractive Attractive
0	Insane number of features, pretty intense battery usage
0	Insane number of features, somewhat pretty intense battery usage
1	Good Price
1	skilful Price
1	Compact, loaded with features, displays are easy to customize
1	Compact, loaded with features, are easy to customize
0	8MB memory card
0	8MB memory poster
1	dont need to turn on your PC for common tasks. excellent photo quality output
1	dont to turn on PC for common tasks. excellent photo quality output
0	Battery life, cost ($499.99), web not in color, wont sync with PDA/computer
0	Battery life, cost ($499.99), reckoner web not in color, wont sync with PDA/computer
1	Great Pictures &amp;amp; Room for Creativity
1	Great &amp;amp; Room for Creativity
1	Its a fast, all in one printer. Good quality
1	Its a fast, all in one printer. Good 
0	Doesn't remember flash setting
0	Doesn't remember setting
1	5.24 MegaPixel, Carl Zeiss optics, multiple shutter speeds, the ability to take mpeg movie clips.
1	5.24 MegaPixel, optics, multiple speeds, the ability to take mpeg movie clips.
1	Sleek, Compact, Stylish, Many Features
1	stylish Sleek, Compact, Stylish, Many Features
0	limited memory
0	limited retentiveness
0	Preliminary setup was a little tough, but very few cons!
0	Preliminary setup was a little tough, preliminary but very few cons!
0	Compact Flash card could be larger.
0	Compact Flash card heartbeat could be larger.
1	Cheap Price, Lightness
1	Lightness Price, Cheap
0	battery life
0	battery biography
0	Loud, small black ink cartridge, no Centronics (parallel) connection.
0	Loud, small black ink cartridge, no parallel (Centronics) connection.
1	keyboard, video, camera
1	keyboard, picture, camera
0	slow printing
0	slow 
0	A little awkward to hold for vertical shots; slow recovery between shots.
0	A little awkward to hold piddling for vertical shots; slow recovery between shots.
1	great reception, light weight & small. Easy to use.
1	great reception, light weight & sluttish small. Easy to use.
1	This printer produces wet-lab quality photos.  It is fast and economical.
1	This printer grow wet-lab quality photos.  It is loyal and economical.
0	The software installation should not be customized
0	software installation should not be customized
1	Good Print Speed, nice quility, clean text and picture, price,
1	Good overnice Print Speed, nice quility, clean text and picture, price,
1	Space Saving, Takes up little room, easy to install and setup
1	Space deliver, contain up little room, easy to install and setup
0	Poor signal reception, weak vibration
0	Poor signal reception, rickety vibration
0	only average image quality
0	only modal image quality
1	Overall a nice, easy to use printer
1	boilersuit Overall a nice, easy to use printer
1	good battery life, charges quickly
1	good battery life, shoot quickly
1	Sleek Styling, Memory
1	Sleek Styling, title Memory
1	Good Reception, Very Durable, Blue Lighted Screen and Number Pad.
1	Reception, Very Durable, Blue Lighted and Number Pad.
0	expensive ink, no *nix support, crappy paper handling, USB-only
0	expensive ink, no *nix support, crappy paper No handling, USB-only
0	switching cartridges, not fast printing
0	switching cartridges, printing fast not
1	clear communication, easy to use, very portable and compact
1	percipient communication, easy to use, very portable and compact
1	There is always a network problem.
1	There is always net a network problem.
1	Ergonomics and swivel LCD
1	ergonomics Ergonomics and swivel LCD
1	Jam-packed with features, Low Price!
1	Jam-packed miserable with features, Low Price!
1	Nice compact design. Great sound quality.
1	compact Nice design. Great sound quality.
0	sometimes shutter speed is slow
0	shutter speed is slow
1	Inexpensive, versatile, fun, sturdy, and cool.
1	Inexpensive, versatile, fun, sturdy, cool.
0	For some people the printer's size may be an issue
0	For some people the sizing printer's size may be an issue
0	doesn't come with enough accessories!!!!!!
0	accessary doesn't come with enough accessories!!!!!!
0	basket a bit small, price a bit high
0	basket a diminished bit small, price a bit high
1	Easy and light to lift
1	Easy and light to 
0	External antenna can break off, camera is behind current standards.
0	External antenna can break off, camera is aerial behind current standards.
0	Turns on and off really easily when putting it into camera bag.
0	Turns on and off really easily when putting it into camera easy bag.
0	Fan is slighty loud while operating, loads paper crookedly some times, and creases paper occasionally
0	Fan is slighty forte while maneuver, loads composition crookedly some times, and creases paper occasionally
0	Not many games&#13;&#10;No alarm function (not that important)
0	Not many games&#important;&#10;No alarm function (not that 13)
1	small, good keys, can be dropped from at least three feet and not break
1	small, good keys, can be dropped from at least feet not break
1	fast, laser-like print quality, small and easy to use
1	fast, libertine laser-like print quality, small and easy to use
0	Phonebook is a pain.
0	Phonebook is pain.
1	Small Size great zoom easy to use
1	Small great zoom easy to use
1	Great price, easy to use
1	Great, easy to use
0	none
0	none
0	Uses batteries quickly, easy to lose lens cap, software is lacking.
0	practice batteries quickly, easy to lose lens cap, software is miss.
1	Ultra-compact, ultra-stylish, ultra-fun, ultra-everything
1	Ultra-compact,, ultra-fun, ultra-everything
1	It looks nice
1	IT looks nice
0	Driver installment
0	Driver installation
1	Decent color and quality for price
1	Decent color price quality for and
0	The battery charger adapter makes an annoying high freq sound.
0	The vocalise battery charger adapter makes an annoying high freq sound.
0	No real problem with the printer, but HP technical support is below par.
0	No real problem with the support, but HP technical printer is below par.
0	Lack of ring tones.
0	Lack of telephone ring tones.
1	Lightweight.  Easy to use.  Good customer service, so far.
1	Lightweight.  ALIR Easy to use.  Good customer service, so far.
1	Fun, completely customizable, works great!
1	Fun, completely customizable, works dandy!
0	A bit expensive...
0	A expensive bit...
0	Phone is hard to program and clunky, international service is extremely expensive
0	is is hard to program and clunky, international service Phone extremely expensive
1	EASY! Takes great pictures, and images are easy to edit.
1	EASY! remove great pictures, and paradigm are easy to edit.
1	Speed, Seperate Ink Cartridges, High Quality Text
1	hasten, Seperate Ink Cartridges, High Quality Text
0	Its a piece of crap
0	bull Its a piece of crap
1	Print resolution, Style.
1	Print resolution,.
0	Battery life, easy to scratch/chip, small/lightweight.
0	Battery life, easy to scratch/chip, diminished/lightweight.
0	Will not record extremely faint point sources which are readily visible to the human eye.
0	Will not record extremely to point sources which are readily faint visible the human eye.
0	jams a lot and broke fast
0	jams a lot and breach fast
0	terrible reception, poor battery, horrible functionality
0	terrible reception, barrage poor battery, horrible functionality
1	Small, lightweight size, Features, Incredible call clarity
1	, lightweight size, Features, Incredible call clarity
1	Form factor's stunning. Long lasting battery. Voice commands super. Bluetooth gives it a boost.
1	Form Long stunning. factor's lasting battery. Voice commands super. Bluetooth gives it a boost.
0	no zoom, low resolution
0	no zoom, small resolution
1	GREAT picture quality. Floppy disk access is fast and very conveninent
1	GREAT picture quality. access is fast and very conveninent
0	Double sided printing gets a bit dirty with toner. 8mb memory is not expandable. 
0	Double sided printing get a bit dirty with toner. 8mb retention is not expandable. 
0	battery life, side on/off button
0	battery face life, side on/off button
0	Ugly pictures, no video, crummy battery, weirdly yellowing buttons, can't download or text message
0	Ugly, no video, crummy battery, weirdly yellowing buttons, can't or text message
0	It continually jams when printing envelopes. 
0	It impression continually jams when printing envelopes. 
1	Software allows easy sync from MS Outlook.
1	Software allows easy sync from MS expectation Outlook.
0	Slow download from camera to PC
0	Slow download from camera PC
0	None yet...
0	nevertheless None yet...
0	VERY SLOW, Ties up the whole computer
0	VERY SLOW, up the whole computer
0	no display on front, only one size text
0	no display front, only one size text
0	Unstable
0	unsound Unstable
1	mega pixel mega pixel!!!
1	mega pixel mega pel!!!
1	Light weight&#13;&#10;Sexy&#13;&#10;rare&#13;&#10;glows nicely
1	Light 13&#13;&#10;Sexy&#13;&#10;rare&#weight;&#10;glows nicely
0	Another different memory card
0	different memory card
0	none found
0	found none
1	fast east pictures, great for quick upload to web site or email
1	fast east pic, great for promptly upload to web site or email
1	Cheap, decent photos, easy to use software.
1	Cheap, photos, easy to use software.
0	Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
0	also bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
1	Cool Styling, Speakerphone, Voice Memo
1	vocalism Cool Styling, Speakerphone, Voice Memo
0	Only 100 Slots for Name/Nbr
0	sole 100 Slots for Name/Nbr
1	Sturdy, dependable, decent battery life
1	Sturdy,, decent battery life
0	bright sun pics, black sky moon pics
0	bright sun picture, black sky moon pics
1	Ease of saving the images, Great images, Stylish, Quite Sturdy
1	Ease of saving the picture images, Great images, Stylish, Quite Sturdy
0	Red eye from flash, sometimes lose date &amp;amp; quality selection
0	Red eye from flash, sometimes A lose date &amp;amp; quality selection
0	The manual lacks beginners.  The lens cap could be better
0	manual lacks beginners.  The lens cap be better
1	Design, Carrier=Verizon, Camera, EDGE, Feels good to talk on
1	Design, Carrier=undecomposed Verizon, Camera, EDGE, Feels good to talk on
1	Accomplishes SOHO tasks fairly well
1	Accomplishes SOHO fairly well
0	Reception in rural areas can be sketchy
0	Reception in rural field can be sketchy
0	Uses a lot of ink.
0	Uses a of ink.
0	Poor photo &amp; plain paper text quality, high cost-per-page (a consistent problem with lexmarks).
0	Poor photo &amp; with paper text quality, high cost-per-page (a consistent problem plain lexmarks).
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Big color screen, decent battery life, cool look.
1	Big color screen, decent attend battery life, cool look.
1	Incredible value, black text print quality.
1	unbelievable Incredible value, black text print quality.
1	Ease of use
1	of Ease use
0	NEC Support sucks
0	blow NEC Support sucks
1	Camera, ringtones, user-friendly
1	ringtones, Camera, user-friendly
1	Smaller, sleeker, multiple numbers: one name, "nubbin" ok button,
1	Smaller, sleeker, multiple numbers: one name, "nubbin" button,
0	Terrible battery life, no sound on movies, bulky
0	Terrible movie battery life, no sound on movies, bulky
1	picture quality, cheap price
1	picture price, cheap quality
0	Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
0	Requires excessive clit pushing for simple tasks ilk text messaging.  Garbled well-grounded quality with fasttalkers.
0	Price, almost too 'user friendly'
0	friendly', almost too 'user Price
0	Inaccurate viewfinder, "dark" photos, image distortion/vignetting at wide angle, silly panorama mode, unreliable card
0	Inaccurate viewfinder, "dark" photos, image distortion/vignetting at wide angle, silly panorama aberration mode, finder unreliable card
0	cost
0	be cost
0	Rubber Flap, rotary dial function selector, indoor pictures
0	Rubber Flap, rotary function selector, indoor pictures
1	Playback of pictures saved on a floppy
1	Playback of pictures salvage on a floppy
1	separate ink cartridges
1	split ink cartridges
0	No offered by all plans
0	No offered by all project plans
0	eats batteries
0	batteries
0	Battery Life
0	Life
0	Price, colors not as vibrant as other high end photo inkjets like Canon S900.
0	Price, emblazon not as vibrant as other high end photo inkjets similar Canon S900.
0	Steep prices for replacement ink cartridges.
0	Steep prices for replacement cartridges.
1	Photorealistic prints, Price, Quality
1	Price prints, Photorealistic, Quality
0	The 3120 looks better, but u can put the 3120 face plates on your 3100.
0	The lay 3120 looks better, but u can put the 3120 face plates on merely your 3100.
1	Durable, small, holds lots of images, easy to use
1	Durable, small, postponement lots of images, easy to use
0	may be too small, aftermarket products hard to find, expensive
0	may too be small, aftermarket products hard to find, expensive
0	Mediocre user interface; lacks the panache of other Verizon phones
0	second-rate user interface; lack the panache of other Verizon phones
1	Great pictures of "still" subjects in natural light outdoors.
1	Great pictures of "still" subjects in cancel light outdoors.
0	Rings are sort of annoying. Signal strength is very deceiving.
0	Rings are betray sort of annoying. Signal strength is very deceiving.
0	Low battery life, not too many features
0	Low battery life, not too many 
1	While not perfect, this Nokia phone is quite nice
1	While not perfect, this Nokia phone quite nice
0	Some grain in low light.
0	Some grain in low.
0	No USB support.  Short battery life.
0	No USB battery.  Short support life.
0	Too Big,
0	vainglorious Too Big,
0	expensive, complicated menu functions
0	expensive, complicated menu 
1	Excellent screen, functionality, reception.
1	splendid screen, functionality, reception.
0	nothing specific to this printer, just drawbacks of inkjet printers in general
0	nothing specific to zero this printer, just drawbacks of inkjet printers in general
1	Fast, great quality
1	Fast, great 
0	good reviews in Computer mag
0	good review in Computer mag
1	Very good price and photo quality
1	good price and photo quality
1	Easy to use with great pictures
1	Easy to habituate with great pictures
0	the antenna bends, and then breaks waaaay to easily, weak earpiece, not fully customizable
0	the antenna bends, fully then breaks waaaay to easily, weak earpiece, not and customizable
0	"So So" image quality for video conference, Stand isn't practical
0	"So So" image quality for video conference, envision Stand isn't practical
0	HORRIBLE Buttons, terrible for text messaging
0	HORRIBLE Buttons, terrible for text 
1	Voice activated dialing, many extra features, long battery life, small size
1	Voice characteristic activated dialing, many extra features, long battery life, small size
1	Good battery life and large screen.
1	Good battery life beneficial and large screen.
0	Camera is weak, durability stinks and BEWARE if you plan on using the Bluetooth feature.
0	Camera is programme weak, malodour durability stinks and BEWARE if you plan on using the Bluetooth feature.
1	Inexpensive, 2 ink cartridges, easy to use...
1	Inexpensive, 2 promiscuous ink cartridges, easy to use...
0	Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
0	seems reliability, screen Overall cluttered.
0	more pricey than other joggers
0	more pricey other joggers
0	standard battery could be better.
0	standard battery glucinium could be better.
0	none
0	none
1	Small size, call quality, signal strength, aesthetic quality
1	Small, call quality, signal strength, aesthetic quality
1	It's cheap.  It's simple to use.  Performance/Price ratio is, in the end, high.
1	It's cheap.  It's simple to use.  Performance/Price ratio is, in finish the end, high.
1	Low cost
1	cost Low
1	Tons of great features, small size, light weight
1	Tons weight great features, small size, light of
1	Very fast text printing, Good quality pictures, , 2-sided printing, , Automatic Paper Type Sensor
1	identical fast text printing, Good quality pictures, , 2-sided printing, , Automatic newspaper Type Sensor
1	Good connectivity and sound, good keypad.  A solid choice if you want a no-nonsense phone.
1	Good connectivity and sound, good keypad.  A solid choice adenine if you want a reasoned no-nonsense phone.
1	Screen; ring tones; Symbian O/S; bluetooth connectivity; memory expansion; still/video camera; style
1	Screen; ring tones; Symbian O/S; bluetooth connectivity; television memory expansion; still/video camera; style
1	Looks, Functions, Battery
1	looking, Functions, Battery
1	Can't be easier to use!  Put batteries in and start snapping.
1	Can't be easier to employment!  place batteries in and start snapping.
1	backlit QWERTY keyboard, still & video camera, mobile messaging, IR port and more
1	backlit QWERTY keyboard, tranquil still & video camera, mobile messaging, IR port and more
1	Worldwide roaming, good speakerphone
1	oecumenical Worldwide roaming, good speakerphone
0	legal copies, color printer quality
0	legal copies, printer quality
1	Quick printer that is compact
1	Quick printer that is succinct
1	Cheap, Polyphonic Ringtones and Java on an entry level phone
1	Cheap, Ringtones and Java on an level phone
0	no basket, kick the wheels,, hard to fold wearing sandals
0	no, kick the wheels,, hard to wearing sandals
0	software buggy
0	software 
0	2-3 Second delay from the time you press the button until the picture is actually snapped
0	2-3 instant delay from the time you entreat the button until the icon is actually snapped
0	Not the best print quality but gets the job done.
0	Not the best print quality but problem gets the job done.
1	Nice multifunction machine for the price
1	Nice multifunction machine for nice the price
1	For the money this photo printer is the best I have found, I love it
1	For the money this photo printer is the skilful 1 have feel, I love it
0	battery life, sudden phone shutoff, sudden call drops
0	battery shelling life, sudden phone shutoff, sudden call drops
0	Power button flies off if you sneeze, Missing/Delayed messages
0	Power release flies off if you sneeze, Missing/detain messages
1	it was free
1	it free was
1	Price, on-screen display, ease of use
1	Price, on-screen display, ease use of
0	Have not determined any as of yet
0	Have not determined any as of nevertheless
1	Memory Stick, easy to use, long battery life
1	Memory Stick, easy life use, long battery to
0	Battery dies fast
0	Battery dies die fast
0	Cheap antenna, Cheap build quality
0	Cheap antenna, Cheap build feeler quality
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
0	slow, poor quality, poor composition feed
0	Envelopes tend to stick.
0	Envelopes tend to lean stick.
0	A little heavy, the photo ready function is slow
0	A little ponderous, the photo ready function is slow
1	Simple quality images
1	mere quality images
1	Great Clarity, Phone numbers easy to access, Nice voice command
1	Great Clarity, Phone turn easy to access, Nice sound command
0	No true multi-contact phone book. Hard to use counter-intuitive menus - VERY SLOW OS response!
0	No true multi-contact SLOW book. Hard to use counter-intuitive menus - VERY phone OS response!
1	Very good print output quality and inexpensive.
1	Very print output quality and inexpensive.
1	Print quality.
1	mark quality.
0	Awkward turning on and off
0	Awkward on and off
1	Clarity, size, and design!
1	Clarity, size, design and!
1	Motorola, easy to use, volume, mp3 ringtones, camera
1	volume, easy to use, Motorola, mp3 ringtones, camera
1	great pictures, great resolution, great storage
1	great pictures, great majuscule resolution, great storage
0	Camera seems cheaply made
0	Camera seems cheaply urinate made
1	Inexpensive, Fun, quick and easy!
1	Inexpensive, easy, quick and Fun!
0	battery life is not that great, night shots aren't an improvement 
0	battery aren't is not that great, night shots life an improvement 
0	Speed
0	hie
1	Nice looking with useful features
1	Nice looking useful features
1	Looks awesome, thin, small and lightweight, great reception
1	Looks awesome, thin, small and lightweight, reception
1	bright backlight, intuitive text input, PIM, voice dialing, auto answer, speakerphone
1	bright backlight, text input, PIM, voice dialing, auto, speakerphone
1	Manual features, great photos, everything
1	features, great photos, everything
0	Like all printers, expensive cartridges. Needs bigger paper tray to hold more paper.
0	Like report all printers, expensive cartridges. Needs bigger paper tray to hold more paper.
0	Error in online spec sheet.  No USB.  No Win2K/XP. Slow LCD and next picture.
0	Error in online spec sheet.  No picture.  No Win2K/XP. and LCD Slow next USB.
1	Clear pictures, great for the money
1	Clear light pictures, great for the money
0	battery life, flash too strong with artificial lights, long time between shots.
0	battery life, shots too strong with artificial lights, long time between flash.
1	Everything!
1	Everything!
0	LCD viewfinder smudges easily from your nose, no ac adapter
0	viewfinder smudges easily from your nose, no adapter
0	Call time does not automatically display
0	Call non time does not automatically display
1	Photo quality, many features, manual control, AA batteries
1	Photo ascertain quality, many features, manual control, AA batteries
1	Easy to install, easy to use, lots  of excellent features.
1	Easy to install, easy to use, batch  of excellent characteristic.
0	Sometimes has a little trouble feeding paper
0	sustain Sometimes has a little trouble feeding paper
1	compact; easy-to-install; pretty decent quality
1	compact; pretty; easy-to-install decent quality
1	Great quality pics. Very easy to use.  No mistakes
1	Great quality pics. Very easy to.  No mistakes
1	Photo quality prints; big 13x19" enlargements; seperate ink cartridges.
1	Photo picture quality prints; big 13x19" enlargements; seperate ink cartridges.
0	Finding accessories difficult
0	difficult accessories Finding
1	So many Features
1	So Features
0	short battery life, unadjustable shutter speed
0	short battery speed, unadjustable shutter life
1	Small size, great picture quality
1	Small size, sizing great picture quality
0	Must buy rechargeable batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#10;and larger smart media card - although still a great buy
0	Must buy rechargeable batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#10;mustiness and larger smart media card - although still ampere a great buy
0	rebate offer
0	rebate 
1	Included accessories
1	accessories Included
1	sometimes makes calls
1	take sometimes makes calls
1	Size, easy installation, lots of print options. Great Value!
1	Size, easily installation, lots of print options. Great Value!
0	Wheels squeak, rests on tray when stored
0	squeak, rests on tray when stored
0	Terrible ringers.
0	ringers.
0	Could be slimmer and lighter; no removable media and it does not view attachments.
0	be slimmer and lighter; removable media and it does not view attachments.
1	Good reception, nice width, excellent music and voice quality, decent battery life, 1.3MP camera
1	Good lifespan reception, nice width, excellent music and voice quality, decent battery life, 1.3MP decent camera
1	Inexpensive, Multifunction
1	inexpensive, Multifunction
0	Big, no case
0	grownup, no case
0	Not network compatible, no Unix drivers
0	Not network compatible, no Unix driver
1	Well designed, Well priced, Excellent capabilities
1	Well designed, Well priced, Excellent capabilities
1	Great pictures. Very easy to use.
1	Great pictures. Very easy to consumption.
1	well, it's small (ha! if you chop off the fat antenna!), the cool tetris game
1	well, it's small (ha! you chop the fat antenna!), the tetris game
1	size, weight, photo options
1	photo, weight, size options
1	easy to set up
1	easy to set 
1	small, easy to use
1	small, easy use to
0	No speakerphone, cumbersome phonebook entry lookup.
0	No speakerphone, cumbersome phonebook entry.
1	Wide view screen easy transfer 
1	Wide blanket view screen easy transfer 
1	Good Camera
1	soundly Camera
0	Price, poor macro ability, no audio in video playback (on camera only)
0	Price, poor macro ability, no audio in video (on camera)
0	Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
0	Requires excessive button pushing message for simple tasks like text clitoris messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
0	The keys are very hard to read in the dark.
0	The keys are very hard to read in identical the dark.
1	Good print quality easy to set up for a single computer.
1	Good print quality easy to set up for solidification a single computer.
1	Looks, Very Light
1	igniter Looks, Very Light
0	volume is horribly low
0	volume is horribly broken
0	awkward to close, requires setting adjustments EVERY time you turn it on, eats batteries
0	awkward IT to close, requires setting adjustments EVERY time you turn it on, eats batteries
0	Annoying software
0	software
1	Outside display, large inner display, sleek, tri-mode
1	Outside display, large display inner, sleek, tri-mode
1	Great ease of use with the walk up fax and as a copy machine.Fast scanning.
1	Great ease of use with the walk up fax and as a copy AS machine.Fast car scanning.
0	30 Second Delay When Using Duplexer / Ink is a Ripoff
0	30 Second Delay amp When Using Duplexer / Ink is a Ripoff
0	Not that hi-tech...
0	hi-tech that Not...
1	Look, feel, reception, battery life, sound quality, and personalization.
1	Look, feel, reception, quality life, sound battery, and personalization.
0	Small front screen, buttons a little close but still perfectly usable.  Not yet sentient.
0	Small front usable, buttons a little close but still perfectly screen.  Not yet sentient.
1	polyphonic sounds, size
1	contrapuntal sounds, size
0	Battery life is very short
0	Battery life inadequate is very short
0	none so far
0	none far
1	Separate ink cart. Quick. Easy install. Prints good photos, great graphics.
1	Easy ink cart. Quick. Separate install. Prints good photos, great graphics.
1	sleek design, small form factor, good reception & battery life
1	sleek design, small reception factor, good form & battery life
1	Price, quality
1	quality, Price
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a insolent, light usage, features galore
0	Eats batteries, 16M of memory not enough
0	Eats memory, 16M of batteries not enough
1	price, clarity, features
1	price,, features
0	sprint coverage, sprint sms, sprint service, and no camera
0	no coverage, sprint sms, sprint service, and sprint camera
1	good solid camera with floppy disk option
1	good solid option with floppy disk camera
1	Size, Weight, Simple to use, 
1	Size, Weight, Simple to utilise, 
0	Inconvenient headphone/handsfree jack, Price!!
0	earphone Inconvenient headphone/handsfree jack, Price!!
1	-cheap, -the best in 2 mega, -multiple options!, -great for starters
1	-cheap, -the respectable in 2 mega, -multiple options!, -great for starter
0	No expandable memory. 
0	No expandable remembering. 
1	Cheap, Small, Fairly Quick, Simple, User-friendly
1	unproblematic Cheap, Small, Fairly Quick, Simple, User-friendly
1	Cheap among 8000 series
1	among 8000 series
1	Fast, crisp, reliable and good looking!
1	Fast, crisp, reliable good and looking!
0	Poor paper tray
0	Poor theme tray
1	Zoom, Zoom, Zoom
1	Zoom, surge Zoom, Zoom
1	Some cool features--CDPD, programmable ringtones, etc.
1	features--CDPD cool Some, programmable ringtones, etc.
0	*Although not really, **Ratings aren't always real life, ***Although slightly overkill
0	*Although not really, **rating aren't always real biography, ***Although slightly overkill
0	not available in some areas
0	not available in some around areas
0	battery life, reception
0	battery animation, reception
0	It cost money to use it :)
0	It cost money use it :)
0	Malfunctions
0	misfunction Malfunctions
0	ink does not last long
0	long does not last ink
0	Noisy.  Won't take heavy card stock.
0	Noisy.  card take heavy Won't stock.
1	Great zoom, good colors
1	Great zoom, good soar colors
0	too monstrous to carry as all-access cell phone
0	too monstrous to persuade as all-access cell phone
1	Has almost every feature you could dream of.
1	let almost every feature you could dream of.
0	No web access. :(
0	No WWW web access. :(
1	The Sound quality is bar none. &#13;&#10;The voice dial feature is great!
1	10 Sound quality is bar none. &#13;&#The;The voice dial feature is great!
1	OK reception, nice ringtone quality, small and light
1	light reception, nice ringtone quality, small and OK
0	Menus are small.
0	Menus are.
1	Many options/light weight/games/stores 99 names/numbers
1	Many options/light weight/games/ 99 names/numbers
1	Great features for the money.
1	features Great for the money.
0	A little large, but still better than carrying two devices
0	A little large, but still better two carrying than devices
0	Small, No Drivers Included with Phone for Laptops/PDAS
0	Small, No Drivers Included with Phone Laptops for/PDAS
1	Small size, decent battery life, range of accessories, excellent menu system
1	Small size, decent battery life, of accessories, excellent menu 
0	Reception, Camera, Java, IM, Crashes
0	Reception, Camera,, IM, Crashes
1	Sound Quality, MP3 Player, style and size.
1	voice Quality, MP3 Player, style and size.
1	cheap 
1	chinchy 
0	Very long shutter lag, very long recovery from sleep mode
0	Very long sleep lag, very long recovery from shutter mode
1	Small and Light
1	pocket-sized and Light
0	various
0	versatile various
1	Great shots right out of the box
1	Great shots right rightfulness out of the box
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to employment
1	quality -the best
1	quality -the 
1	Ease of use, picture quality, convenience and price of file transfer media (floppy disk)
1	Ease of use, picture quality, convenience and media of file transfer price (floppy disk)
1	The absolute BEST of quality in all aspects.
1	The absolute honorable of quality in all aspects.
0	Bulky, price
0	Bulky, 
0	none
0	none
0	Should only be used as a PHOTO PRINTER!
0	Should only be put-upon as a PHOTO PRINTER!
1	Great color 
1	Great groovy color 
1	QWERTY keyboard, speakerphone, FM radio, distribution lists, voice dialing.
1	QWERTY keyboard, speakerphone, FM radio, lists, voice dialing.
1	Great pictures. Easy to use. Battery options.
1	Great pictures. to use. Battery options.
1	Longlasting rechargeable battery, small and light, good documentation, fast USB connection
1	Longlasting rechargeable, small and light, good, fast USB connection
0	The review is all about this.
0	The retrospect is all about this.
0	None that I can think of.
0	None that I can think.
1	Inexpensive, high resolution, ultra-fast USB download
1	Inexpensive, USB resolution, ultra-fast high download
1	Very small, great rings, nice blue light
1	Very small, great rings, blue light
1	Great service, Direct Connect, Very Innovative
1	Great Direct, service Connect, Very Innovative
1	All in one, when it works
1	All in one, when indium it works
1	Nice colors, easy to use software
1	Nice colors, easy to enjoyment software
0	no cup holder, ridiculously small cargo baskets, soooo expensive, short shades
0	no cup holder, ridiculously small cargo baskets, soooo expensive, short preposterously shades
0	Dull color on plain paper (Use Bright White instead)
0	Dull color on plain paper (usage Bright White instead)
1	Rugged, dependable, 2-Way Text Messaging as well as voice, good value
1	Rugged, dependable, 2-Way Text Messaging as well as vocalism, skillful value
1	Floppy Disc Interface, MPEG Capabilities, 6X Zoom
1	Floppy Disc Interface, MPEG Capabilities, whizz 6X Zoom
1	photographs, speed
1	photograph photographs, speed
0	No outer display
0	outer No display
0	None
0	None
0	lens cap
0	lens chapiter
1	Great reception , high quality of sound, calendar, reliability, tough.
1	Great reception , sound quality of high, calendar, reliability, tough.
0	Little Pricey, Storage
0	Pricey, Storage
0	Not quite as high tech as some of the other phones these days.
0	Not quite as high tech as some of the other phones these about days.
0	Has to lock keys to avoid dialing if you put it in your purse.
0	Has to if keys to avoid dialing lock you put it in your purse.
0	must have better software then  supplied
0	must have better software mustiness then  supplied
1	Excellent reception,reliability,battery life,nice style.
1	reliability reception,Excellent,battery life,nice style.
0	No link with PC or supported way to get pics on phone
0	No link with PC tolerate or supported way to get pics on phone
1	absolute top quality photos
1	absolute photos quality top
1	Quick text, Quality prints, Few jams, Durable, USB or Parallel, Long-lasting ink
1	Quick text, Quality prints, Few, Durable, USB or, Long-lasting ink
1	great pics, easy controls, small
1	great pics, easy mastery controls, small
1	Very user friendly, even for novice; excellent color and contrast, even in natural light
1	Very user friendly, even for novice; excellent semblance and contrast, even in natural easy
1	point&amp;amp;shoot,delete if  you don't like
1	point&you;amp;shoot,delete if  amp don't like
0	It's not color???  Haven't really found a con yet.
0	It's not color???  Haven't really found a con withal.
1	Print quality, quiet operation, low price
1	Print quality, quiet operation, low terms
0	None so far.
0	so None far.
0	Talk/Standby time less than optimal
0	Talk/Standby speak time less than optimal
0	Are there any?  A few minor grips, but nothing to dissuade someone from purchasing.
0	Are there?  A few minor grips, but nothing to dissuade someone from.
1	great options
1	peachy options
1	easily turns, my baby fits comfertably!
1	easily turns, baby fits comfertably!
0	Miniscule keyboard.  Price will make your wallet bleed.
0	Miniscule keyboard.  Price will make your wallet run.
1	Good picture quality, inexpensive
1	Good picture quality, 
1	picture quality, price, ease of use
1	picture quality, price, use of ease
0	Address book, menus, backlighting
0	Address Book, menus, backlighting
0	Squeaking Wheels and bulky
0	screechy Wheels and bulky
0	No zoom feature
0	No zoom lineament
0	No optical zoom, drains batteries too quick
0	No too zoom, drains batteries optical quick
0	color rendition not always true
0	rendition not always true
1	Unlimited features and light as a feather.
1	outright features and light as a feather.
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a twitch, easy custom, features galore
0	Does not have the longest life
0	Does not have the tenacious life
1	Well Built, Easy to use, Good Software.
1	Well Built, Easy to, Good Software.
1	GREAT photo quality, fast printing, quiet
1	GREAT photo pic quality, fast printing, quiet
0	Deleting bad shots takes too many steps
0	Deleting bad cancel shots takes too many steps
1	Light weight, portable, nice pictures and A+ customer service.
1	Light weight, portable, nice pictures and A+ service.
1	Good picture
1	Good ripe picture
1	2400 x 1200 even on plain paper
1	2400 x paper even on plain 1200
1	Low Price, Brand name and Reliability
1	Low and, Brand name Price Reliability
1	Small, lots of features, great reception.
1	receipt Small, lots of features, great reception.
0	Screen not pretty, sometimes hangs mid-call
0	Screen not moderately pretty, sometimes hangs mid-call
0	unreliable, expensive
0	undependable unreliable, expensive
1	Color copies look pretty good
1	Color look pretty good
0	Not outstanding battery life (not bad either), coverage is average (again, not bad either)
0	Not outstanding tough battery life (not bad either), coverage is average (again, not bad either)
1	Color Screen/Speaker Phone/Sound Clarity/GPS
1	Color Screen/Speaker Phone/fathom Clarity/GPS
0	DRAINS BATTERIES
0	BATTERIES
1	Ease of Use, Crisp Pictures
1	exposure Ease of Use, Crisp Pictures
1	Great Print Quality, Speedy SPEEDY Printing, 4 cartridges instead of 2
1	quick Great Print Quality, Speedy SPEEDY Printing, 4 cartridges instead of 2
0	No USB 2.0, 2X Zoom
0	No USB 2.0, Zoom 2X
0	expensive cartridges, poor support lines, durability.
0	expensive cartridges, poor living lines, durability.
1	High quality printing..Good to have copies of things
1	High quality impress..Good to have copies of things
0	Should include USB connection
0	Should include USB connectedness
0	the b and w suffers
0	suffers b and w the
1	great pictures/ease of use
1	great expectant pictures/ease of use
1	Size, weight, coolness
1	Size, weight, nip coolness
0	battery life don't last as long, not that many features, signal strength varies
0	battery life don't last as longsighted, not that many features, signal metier varies
0	cost if for personal use, otherwise none
0	otherwise if for personal use, cost none
1	Neat compact design.  A good price for digital camera/camcorder/mp3 player.
1	Neat compact design.  A good price for intention digital camera/camcorder/mp3 player.
0	Eats batteries like a big dog, glitchy
0	Eats batteries like a big glitchy, dog
0	Occasional freezes up.  Memory full error.
0	Occasional up.  Memory full error.
1	Twisting screen, battery life, stitch mode, microdrive, excellent build. 
1	Twisting screen, battery, stitch mode, microdrive, excellent build. 
1	camera phone & it was free,
1	camera phone & it was liberal,
0	The camera kept breaking.
0	The camera kept crack.
1	fast for portable, very good quality, small, light
1	fast for, very good quality, small, light
1	Everything you need is in this phone ! Good battery life, lot of wonderful tools.
1	Everything you need is in this phone ! battery life, of wonderful tools.
1	Easy, point and shoot. Great software for transferring from camera to PC via USB.
1	Easy, point shoot. Great software for transferring from to PC via USB.
0	Verizon
0	Verizon
1	tiny, lightweight, good looking, well built, well featured, an excellent phone.
1	tiny, lightweight, good well, looking built, well featured, an excellent phone.
0	Ink cartridges are expensive.
0	Ink cartridge are expensive.
0	small memory, slow menu sometimes
0	card small memory, slow menu sometimes
1	Can use for infants to toddlers 40lbs
1	Can toddlers for infants to use 40lbs
0	Uses a lot of ink if printed at best settings
0	Uses a mountain of ink if printed at unspoiled settings
1	they are always below
1	they are below always
0	No AC adapter. Use rechargeable batteries. Will be helpful to have a card reader.
0	No AC adapter. rechargeable batteries. Will helpful to have a card reader.
0	It ain't a $1600 Olympus!
0	Olympus ain't a $1600 It!
0	Some quirky performance issues
0	Some quirky performance publish
1	Price, zoom, ease of use, durability
1	ease, zoom, Price of use, durability
1	Affordable price and lots of features; PC cam and video capabilities; Small and light
1	Affordable price and heap of features; PC cam and video capabilities; Small and lighter
1	rugged shell, great picture quality to size ratio, a camera to carry everywhere.
1	rugged shell, great picture quality size ratio, a camera to carry.
0	Not a single one 
0	Not a single non one 
0	Short batter life, slow transfers
0	Short life batter, slow transfers
0	Flimsy Antenna
0	feeler Flimsy Antenna
1	Quick, quiet and beautiful output
1	Quick, and quiet beautiful output
0	The most unintuitive piece of crap that I've ever had to deal with.
0	The most unintuitive firearm of ca-ca that I've ever had to deal with.
1	price, resolution and ease of op.
1	price, resolution and comfort of op.
1	Light-weight, great storage medium, impressive zoom, acceptable battery life
1	Light-weight, great storage medium, impressive zoom, battery life
0	Absence built-in vibrocall, high price
0	Absence built-in vibrocall, high 
1	Can be used with Windows and Macintosh, sleek design
1	commode be used with Windows and Macintosh, sleek design
0	Can't get inkjet printed paper wet!
0	Can't get inkjet printed paper!
1	More goodies than other umbrella strollers
1	More goodies than umbrella strollers
1	Easy to use
1	Easy use
0	Earpiece volume.  Games aren't good.
0	Earpiece volume.  Games good.
0	Proprietary Sony memory, limited white balance options, and proprietary Sony external flash&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Proprietary Sony memory, limited white balance options, and Sony external flash&amp;#;&;#10;
0	Price, possible weak reception on GSM1900, memory
0	damage, possible weak reception on GSM1900, memory
0	None, other than they are no longer manufactured or sold by Nokia
0	None, than they no longer manufactured or sold by Nokia
0	need to have 2 batteries
0	need to barrage have 2 batteries
1	excellent speaker phone, 1.3 megapixel digital camera, plays music files, long battery life, MicroSD slot
1	excellent speaker phone,.3 megapixel digital camera, plays music files, long battery, MicroSD 
0	Annoying menu functionality, useless service and battery life indicators
0	Annoying menu functionality, useless service battery and life indicators
0	Nothing I can think of
0	can I Nothing think of
1	Bluetooth and IR, nice screen format, camera takes good pictures, fancy look, ringtones, tri-band
1	Bluetooth and IR, nice screen, takes good pictures, fancy look, ringtones, tri-band
1	Simple to install, easy to use, good print speed, great quality.
1	use to install, easy to Simple, good print speed, great quality.
0	Kind of bulky in size
0	IN Kind of bulky in size
1	Great design, aluminum case, large screen, speaker-phone, MP3 ringtones, standard USB connectivity
1	fount Great design, aluminum case, large screen, speaker-phone, MP3 ringtones, standard USB connectivity
0	Dropped calls, scheduler interface, headset port
0	Dropped calls, scheduler interface, headset 
1	Great Quality. Small Design. Small Price Tag.
1	Great Quality. Design. Small Price Tag.
1	Sturdy, swivel handle, easy fold up.....
1	Sturdy, swivel handle, easy fold pivot up.....
1	compact, stylish, many features like wireless web, games, sms and more.
1	compact, stylish, many features like wireless games, web, sms and more.
1	Looks Sleek, Voice Dialing, Speaker Phone, Camera, Video Clips, Voice Memo
1	Sleek, Voice Dialing, Speaker, Camera, Video Clips, Voice Memo
1	Floppy disks, easy to use.
1	Floppy habit disks, easy to use.
1	good printouts, scanner, copier, low maintenance
1	good printouts, scanner, copier, gloomy maintenance
0	No direct-connect headset port, dim outter display
0	No direct-connect headset port, dim outter showing
1	Small size, many features, airplane mode, calendar
1	modest size, many features, airplane mode, calendar
0	doesn't come with AC adapter
0	doesn't actinium come with AC adapter
1	Text output is sharp, color pictures are good.
1	Text output are sharp, color pictures is good.
1	Cheap, good quality prints
1	flashy, good quality prints
0	Cost and complexity of instruction book.
0	Cost and complexity of instruction.
0	burns through ink when not in draft mode
0	burns when ink through not in draft mode
1	Small, Smart, Tough-Skinned and a long-lasting battery.
1	Small, Smart, Tough-Skinned and a battery.
1	Inexpensive, Good print quality, Fast
1	Inexpensive, Fast print quality, Good
0	Grainy shots, poor focusing, poor use of auto-flash features. You get what you pay for.
0	shots, poor, poor use of auto-flash features. You get what pay for.
1	Solid construction, large well spaced buttons, great speakerphone, landline quality sound, loud ringer
1	Solid construction, large well spaced buttons, great speakerphone, ringer quality sound, loud landline
0	Quite bulky in width, horrible battery life.
0	Quite bulky in width, horrible battery aliveness.
1	fast, highest resolution printer available, only 180 dollars, supports thicker-than-normal paper
1	gamy fast, highest resolution printer available, only 180 dollars, supports thicker-than-normal paper
0	delicate casing, few bugs (volume), still Sprint
0	delicate shell casing, few bugs (volume), still Sprint
0	NONE
0	none NONE
0	Poor image quality
0	Poor image 
1	cute design, downloadable ringers and wallpaper
1	cute, downloadable ringers and wallpaper
0	expensive cartriges
0	expensive cartriges
1	good printer, IS-22 compatable
1	pressman good printer, IS-22 compatable
0	Reliability?
0	dependableness Reliability?
1	Good for Point and Shoot, okay picture quality.
1	Good for Point and picture, okay Shoot quality.
0	Not the best picture quality, limited storage on high res.
0	Not the best quality, limited storage high res.
1	Large memory, good battery, comes with all the necessary components
1	Large memory, good battery, semen comes with all the necessary components
1	Cute and small, Number storage, dual mode, minibrowser, price went down a lot.
1	Cute and small, Number storage, dual mode, minibrowser, cost plump down a lot.
0	not a color printer
0	pressman not a color printer
0	battery problems, phone malfunction
0	malfunction problems, phone battery
1	good photos, nice size, interesting scene mode, great quick view.
1	good photograph, nice size, interesting scene mode, outstanding quick view.
0	Dim Screen in light & no Voice Command
0	Dim Screen in light & no Voice 
0	heavy, wide, expensive
0	heavy, expensive, wide
0	Eats batteries
0	deplete batteries
0	sometimes feeds more than one sheet of paper
0	sometimes feeds more than one shroud of paper
1	Easy to use, easy on ink
1	prosperous Easy to use, easy on ink
0	Rear case material, lens cover, raw image converter software
0	unsanded Rear case material, lens cover, raw image converter software
0	weak flash, video-conferencing feature is kinda crummy too
0	weak kinda, video-conferencing feature is flash crummy too
0	MPG movies only record 15 seconds, a little expensive
0	MPG movies only flick record 15 seconds, a little expensive
0	No USB or Parallel cord provided.
0	No cater USB or Parallel cord provided.
1	Ease of use, Excellent Pictures
1	Ease of use, Excellent fantabulous Pictures
1	Good Pics and a good all-around camera, except. . .
1	camera Pics and a good all-around Good, except. . .
0	multi-step process to delete images, battery is not rechargeable, only 8Mb memory included
0	multi-step operation to delete images, battery is not rechargeable, only 8Mb retentiveness included
1	Cool look, lite, ring tones are loud!
1	Cool look, lite, ring tones are loudly!
0	Proprietary Connector, Reception, Bad Camera, Slowness
0	Proprietary connection Connector, Reception, Bad Camera, Slowness
0	more expensive than many others
0	many expensive than more others
0	3-hour talk time.
0	3-hour time.
1	nice pictures,small,convenient
1	nice,small,convenient
0	Comes with only 16 MB memory stick
0	occur with only 16 MB memory stick
0	a little higher price but worth it
0	a higher price but worth it
0	everything else
0	else everything
0	Positioning of window and basket a bit awkward
0	Positioning a window and basket of bit awkward
1	quality, size, reliability
1	quality, reliability, size
1	Not a bad camera for the money, some features are nice.  Cute little phone.
1	Not a bad camera for the money, nice features are some.  Cute little phone.
0	No removable memory, no flash
0	No removable memory, no gimcrack
1	Great phone, durable, great reception.
1	Great phone, reception, great durable.
0	test
0	test
1	sturdy, light, attractive
1	fall sturdy, light, attractive
0	occasional problems with battery
0	occasional periodic problems with battery
0	Not the greatest reception, best not used as a phone
0	Not the greatest phone, best not used as a reception
0	Flip comes off, dropped calls, bad reception
0	Flip comes off, dropped uncollectible calls, bad reception
0	&amp;#149; May wreak havoc on your system if you own a PDA.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#149; Communication problems.
0	&amp;#149; May havoc on your system you own a.&amp;#;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&;#;&;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&;#;&;#10;&amp;#13;&;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#149; Communication problems.
0	But not quite normal size.  Memory card included is too small.
0	But not quite normal.  Memory card included too small.
1	Speakerphone, good price, light weight
1	Speakerphone, good price, lightsome weight
0	A little heavier & bulkier than the others, No time-syncing???
0	A little & bulkier than the others, No time-syncing???
1	fast, standalone, powerful
1	fasting, standalone, powerful
1	Best phone/pda convergence device out there.  Good reception, nice battery life.  Full Palm functionality.
1	right phone/pda convergence device out there.  good reception, nice battery liveliness.  Full Palm functionality.
0	power hungry, small LCD 
0	baron hungry, small LCD 
0	Too expensive (even with the rebate); much better units (BJC-3000) available.
0	Too (even with the rebate); better units (BJC-3000) available.
0	if you want a camera, this phone won't get the job done.
0	if you want a camera, this phone won't get convey the job done.
0	Lower picture quality than the more expensive cameras
0	Lower photo quality than the more expensive cameras
1	Great little phone, stylish and functional
1	slap-up little phone, stylish and functional
0	low-quality pics, difficult for children to operate
0	low-quality pics, for children to operate
1	Cheap, Cheap, Cheap
1	Cheap, Cheap, 
1	Easy to Use
1	Easy role to Use
0	Limited options, flimsy battery door, eats batteries
0	Limited options, flimsy door, eats batteries
0	Difficult to focus distance shots, controls can "trap" one into unwanted options
0	to focus distance shots, controls can "trap" into unwanted options
1	Great quality and quiet.
1	Great quality and still quiet.
1	Looks nice, user friendly, fun to use.
1	Looks nice, user friendly, to fun use.
0	Uses a lot of power
0	Uses a lot of exponent
0	noisy when you turn it on, but oh well...
0	on when you turn it noisy, but oh well...
0	Only 4 regular ring tones, other 11 are melodies
0	other 4 regular ring tones, Only 11 are melodies
0	Disappearing (is Panasonic even making cellular phones anymore?)
0	Disappearing (is Panasonic even making cellular headphone anymore?)
0	Reception, slim on features, menu, battery indicator misleading
0	Reception, slim on features, menu, battery indicator index misleading
0	poor mechanical design
0	wretched mechanical design
1	Big, cheap storage. Great exposure options. Smart battery. Great photos.
1	Big, cheap storage. Great exposure options. Smart battery..
1	Good software, high quality, unbeatable price
1	skillful software, high quality, unbeatable price
0	Tempermental with AC adapter, picky about lighting conditions
0	Tempermental with AC adapter, picky about lighting status
1	Small, lightweight, easy to use, ringtones, AOL instant messenger, blue light
1	little, lightweight, easy to usage, ringtones, AOL instant messenger, blue light
0	Annoying green light in Viewer window.
0	Annoying immature light in Viewer window.
1	Great Camera, and Great quality
1	Great Camera, and Great choice quality
0	-Dual mode
0	-mode
1	Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	Big choice screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
0	none
0	none
0	Bad ringer choices
0	spoiled ringer choices
1	Bells and whistles , long battery life , good reception
1	Bells and , long battery life , good reception
1	Feature-packed, easy to use, nice software suite
1	suite, easy to use, nice software Feature-packed
1	Great quality, well built, quiet
1	Great quality, well, quiet
0	None that I know of...
0	None ane that I know of...
1	Great printer, low price
1	Great printer, price low
0	Have to buy a vibrating battery.
0	Have to amp buy a vibrating battery.
1	Great Value for the $$$.  Excellent entry-level 3MP digital camera
1	Great Value for the $$$.  fantabulous entry-level 3MP digital camera
1	Inexpensive. Easy to use. Good software included. Long Battery Life. Decent Images.
1	. Easy to. Good software included. Long Battery Life. Decent Images.
1	Visually very nice. Excellent PC Suite integration. True business tool.
1	Visually very nice. Excellent PC suite integration. True occupation tool.
0	Button traces on the screen. Service plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
0	on traces Button the screen. Service plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
1	customer service
1	customer overhaul
0	Price
0	price
1	Has held up well, very roomy, great ride, and doesn't squeak!
1	Has held up well, very, great ride, and doesn't!
1	superb color quality, easy to change toner, separate black and color cartridges
1	superb color quality, easy to brilliant change toner, separate black and color cartridges
0	Low resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network sucks, can not be used on other networks.
0	broken resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint net sucks, can not be used on other networks.
0	Keys may be a bit small for some people.
0	Keys may follow be a bit small for some people.
1	Great pictures, compact design, super fast auto focus
1	pictures, compact design, super fast auto focus
0	a little high in cost, but then again, all are
0	a short gamy in cost, but then again, all are
1	Beautiful, light weight, easy to use, optional camera, clarity, did I mention it's beautiful?
1	slowly Beautiful, light weight, easy to use, optional camera, clarity, did I mention it's beautiful?
1	Small, stylish, ease of use
1	Small, stylish, ease of usance
1	clean copies, good quality color printing, easy to use, reasonable price
1	clean copies, good quality color printing, easy use, reasonable 
1	Inexpensive, setup is easy, works properly in Windows 98, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, setup is easy, works properly in Windows to, easy 98 use
0	Battery life is slightly shorter than the Nokia 6190. Not a "SIM" card phone.
0	Battery life is slightly shorter than the headphone Nokia 6190. Not a "SIM" card phone.
0	should come with a charger for your vehicle
0	should seed come with a charger for your vehicle
0	overheats too much, TracFone too expensive, phone too old to reprogram for current service plans
0	too much, too expensive, phone too to reprogram for current service plans
0	Um. Not That Many Pics!
0	Um. That Not Many Pics!
0	Software problems on simple tasks, no IR or modem
0	no problems on simple tasks, Software IR or modem
0	Everything
0	Everything
1	Sturdy, holds a good signal, ringtones are loud.
1	Sturdy, accommodate a good signal, ringtones are loud.
0	-Pictures can sometimes look pixelated (Not Clear), -Batteries drain quickly
0	-Pictures can sometimes Batteries pixelated (Not Clear), -look drain quickly
1	Good print quality.
1	Good print choice.
1	Almost everything - especially style, size/weight &amp; features
1	Almost everything - especially style, size/ &amp; features
1	Great print for photos and color text; aesthetic design
1	Great print for photos and color text; aesthetic aesthetical design
1	Extremely durable, very long battery life, lasts for years.
1	Extremely durable, very long battery life, lasts for.
1	Affordable
1	affordable Affordable
0	None
0	none None
1	Epson does not fail with this printer.  It's a winner
1	Epson does not fail with this break printer.  It's a winner
1	Crisp pics, movie capability, delete what you don't want.
1	Crisp what, movie capability, delete pics you don't want.
1	Small size, rechargeable batteries, excellent picture quality, Sony Reputation
1	Small size, batteries rechargeable, excellent picture quality, Sony Reputation
0	Poor quality, lousy battery life, malfunctions.
0	quality Poor, lousy battery life, malfunctions.
1	Great pictures and easy to operate
1	Great pictures dandy and easy to operate
1	clear printing, paper doesn't jam, reasonably priced toner &amp; drum, easy to use
1	clear printing, paper doesn't jam, price reasonably priced toner &amp; drum, easy to use
0	unusable in low signal areas, easy-to-scratch display
0	unusable in low areas, easy-to-scratch display
1	Fits a everyone's lifestyle in today's upbeat world
1	Fits a everyone's lifestyle in today's upbeat reality
0	Not as fast as claimed
0	as fast as claimed
1	A tough little printer that will outlive its cartridges again and again!
1	tough little printer that will its cartridges again and again!
1	Nice for the price, good color balance, auto white balance satisfactory in most lighting situations.
1	Nice lighting the price, good situations balance, auto white balance satisfactory in most for color.
1	lightweight;drives smoothly; attractive design
1	lightweight;drives smoothly; attractive swimmingly design
0	battery life is short, docking station should be part of the package
0	battery aliveness is shortstop, docking station should be part of the package
1	Cheap, small, LOTS of features, multiple alarms
1	Cheap, small, LOTS of, multiple alarms
0	Only single band. Washed out screen. Reflective chrome around screen. Screen on while charging.
0	Only unmarried band. Washed out screen. contemplative chrome around screen. Screen on while charging.
0	Does not support Windows 95 USB, needs bigger CF card out of the box
0	Does not support Windows 95 USB, bigger card out of the box
1	Better color, cheaper ink replacement
1	Better colorize, cheaper ink replacement
1	FAST, RELIABLE, EASE-OF-USE, &amp; INK CARTRIDGES LAST A LONG TIME!
1	FAST, RELIABLE, EASE-OF-USE, &amp; INK CARTRIDGES amp LAST A LONG TIME!
0	Single Band, Small Keys
0	Single Small, Band Keys
1	Easy to use, small, decent quality.
1	Easy to utilise use, small, decent quality.
1	Good, solid basic inkjet printer
1	Good, solid basic printer inkjet
1	Excellent for   prints up to 11x17 or larger
1	Excellent for   publish up to 11x17 or larger
0	Poor design, reception, bluetooth, speed and a whole lot more.
0	lot design, reception, bluetooth, speed and a whole Poor more.
0	wierd shut off problems
0	off shut wierd problems
1	speed, resolution, ease of set up, USB support 
1	speed, resolution, quicken ease of set up, USB support 
0	accessories are expensive!!!
0	expensive are accessories!!!
0	Lens Cap needs a strap (already lost mine), Need a lot of accessories
0	Lens Cap needs a strap (already lost mine), Need a lot of trounce accessories
0	Weak flash, poor battery life
0	Weak poor, flash battery life
0	slow color printing, small paper tray
0	slow color colourise printing, small paper tray
1	Light weight, durable, basic phone
1	lasting Light weight, durable, basic phone
0	Hesitates when taking a photo, zoom in takes out detail.
0	Hesitates when taking a photo, zoom in takes out waver detail.
0	Ring tones aren't so great, hard to find numbers with fingers without looking
0	ring tones aren't so great, hard to retrieve numbers with fingers without looking
0	Limited (Included) Ring Tones
0	(Included) Ring Tones
0	Expensive,not easy for more people to enjoy. Small,and easy to take with. 
0	Expensive,not easy for people to enjoy. Small,and easy to take. 
0	No lens cover. LCD viewfinder can be hard to see under certain conditions.
0	No lens cover. LCD viewfinder can be certain to see under hard conditions.
0	No video, no call restrictions,
0	No video, no call No restrictions,
1	Simple to Use
1	Simple employ to Use
1	2.1 Mexapixel resolution, 1.8" LCD, 2.5x digital zoom
1	2.1 Mexapixel resolution, 1.octonary" LCD, ii.5x digital zoom
1	Cheap, great photos, point and shoot away!
1	Cheap, great photos, point and by shoot away!
1	Small, lightweight, silent allert.
1	Small, whippersnapper lightweight, silent allert.
0	indoor shots grainy on screen, flash defaults to &amp;quot;on&amp;quot; 
0	indoor shots grainy on screen, flash quot to &amp;quot;on&amp;defaults; 
1	Small, Lightweight, Changeable faceplates, downloadable ringtones, simple, easy-to-use
1	pocket-sized, Lightweight, Changeable faceplates, downloadable ringtones, simple, easy-to-use
0	grainy enlargements
0	enlargements
1	Easy to use, good service, cool features
1	Easy to use, service, cool features
0	Only 2x zoom, Battery hog (Rechargable Battery optional)
0	Only 2x zoom, Battery hog ( Battery optional)
0	The ink cartridges are small and run out quickly.
0	The ink lowly cartridges are small and run out quickly.
1	High speed, Photo quality print
1	highschool speed, Photo quality print
0	VERY HIGH SERVICE COSTS, Battery life, lack of sunshade on backlighted viewer 
0	VERY SERVICE COSTS, Battery life, lack of on backlighted viewer 
1	A nice phone that survived a complete wash cycle and hot dryer.
1	A nice survived a complete wash cycle and hot dryer.
1	Reception, clarity, small size, speakerphone, Nokia menu system
1	Reception, clarity, small size, speakerphone, menu system
1	Low cost, ease of use.
1	Low cost, ease use.
0	fuzzy focus, poor battery life
0	fuzzy focus, poor short battery life
1	light, smooth ride
1	light, tantalize smooth ride
0	NO Internet connections,horrible games,no voice dialing
0	NO connections,horrible games,no voice dialing
1	Impressive printout quality, nice set of software features
1	Impressive printout quality, of set nice software features
0	No day/time stamp on caller ID, flimsy antenna
0	No day/time stamp on phoner ID, flimsy antenna
1	Quality of the printing both black/white and color, quality of the scanner, and the speed with which it produces a copy or sends a fax
1	Quality ampere of the printing both black/angstrom white and color, quality of the scanner, and the speed with which it amphetamine produces a copy or sends a fax
1	Nice Photos
1	Nice pic Photos
0	A little bulkier than other phones out there, pricey
0	A amp little bulkier than other phones out there, pricey
1	Size, quality, uses standard Compact Flash
1	Size, quality, uses touchstone Compact Flash
0	USB connection often fails, software is a memory hog.
0	USB connection often fails, software is hog memory a.
0	not full frame yet, dust, quite heavy
0	not full frame yet, dust, heavy
1	Compact, superior picture quality, very user friendly.
1	Compact, superior picture quality, very user well-disposed.
0	Fast battery use, no AC adapter came w/ it.
0	Fast apply battery use, no AC adapter came w/ it.
0	Another serial device to attach, could be better with USB
0	Another device to attach, be better with USB
0	must read manual, battery
0	must read mustiness manual, battery
0	I do not like the way it feeds the paper in
0	I do not like the way paper feeds the it in
1	Good buy for the money, quite, easy set-up, good paper handling
1	Good buy the for money, quite, easy set-up, good paper handling
0	Complicated menus, semi-expensive accessories.
0	Complicated menus, accessories.
0	Can't be used with Windows 2000
0	Can't window be used with Windows 2000
1	stylish, cool sound effects, and small, clear crisp pictures
1	stylish, assuredness sound effects, and small, clear crisp pictures
0	no good directions in the box
0	box good directions in the no
0	flash limits after about 8 feet image tails off
0	flash limits after about 8 feet image rear off
0	Some buttons/menu items are confusing
0	Some buttons/confusing items are menu
1	No need to carry 2 items (PDA & phone); wireless web that is useful
1	No need to phone 2 items (PDA & carry); wireless web that is useful
0	Non-alphabetized phonebook, BUT this phone has voice activated dialing! Manual could be better.
0	Non-alphabetized phonebook, BUT this ring has voice activated dialing! Manual could be salutary.
0	Big and clunky, Short battery life, possible downloading problems, difficult software.
0	Big and clunky, Short battery life, possible downloading problems, potential difficult software.
0	Power-hungry if zoom and LCD are used.
0	Power-hungry zoom and LCD are used.
1	Cheap
1	chintzy Cheap
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
1	Reception rocks, easy interface,, reception, clairity is, did I mention reception?
1	Nice print quality
1	Nice decent print quality
1	Very easy to install, with a great installation guide. Great printer for the price.
1	Very to install, with a great installation guide. printer for the price.
1	has color and a camera
1	has and a camera
1	Light, Small, Easy To Use
1	Light, Small, Easy Use
1	Incredibly sharp images. User-friendly. GREAT CAMERA
1	sharp images. User-friendly. GREAT CAMERA
0	Need vibrating battery to vibrate, size
0	need vibrating battery to vibrate, size
0	expensive accessories, prolonged flash when snapping pictures
0	expensive accessories, prolonged when flash snapping pictures
0	Multiple phone numbers require multiple entires in phone book.
0	Multiple phone numbers require multiple entires in phone Scripture.
1	Great basic phone
1	great basic phone
1	Design, built quality, all that features
1	Design, built quality, all that entirely features
1	Free GPS compass, very bright and clear display, sturdy design
1	Free GPS compass, very bright sack and clear display, sturdy design
0	Waterspots on some pictures, battery life could be better, hard to capture close-up photos, upload to computer on the slow side.
0	photos upload some pictures, battery life could be better, hard to capture close-up Waterspots, on to computer on the slow side.
0	Thick, due to clamshell design.  Menus can be cumbersome.
0	Thick, due to design clamshell.  Menus can be cumbersome.
1	Great quality printing, low-priced
1	quality Great printing, low-priced
0	none
0	none
0	none!
0	none!
0	Too large to wear at the waist; battery life is rather short.
0	Too large to personify wear at the waist; battery life is rather short.
0	It needs to come with an Ac adapter and rechargeable batteries
0	It needs to come arranger with an Ac adapter and rechargeable batteries
0	comes with 4mb compact flash, you'll want a bigger one
0	do with 4mb compact flash, you'll want a grown one
0	none so far!
0	none so FAR!
0	battery
0	battery
0	non downloadable tones and no Internet
0	non downloadable flavour and no Internet
0	Battery dies after a day and hard to take out.  
0	Battery dies after Dy a day and hard to take out.  
1	Color screen, Phonebook, Text messaging, Alarm, speakerphone
1	Color screen, Phonebook, Text messaging, Alarm, 
1	Compact, Color, Quality
1	Color, Compact, Quality
0	The sound is like hearing someone talk out of a box.
0	The sound is like hearing of talk out someone a box.
1	fast lens, zoom range, flexibility, ease of use, hot shoe
1	fast lens, zoom range,, of use, hot shoe
0	Does not include charging stand, can not hear yourself when talking.
0	Does stand include charging not, can not hear yourself when talking.
0	turns on and off at random, or mine does anyways.
0	turns on and anyway off at random, or mine does anyways.
1	Great signal, durable, compact
1	Great, durable, compact
1	Great keyboard, internal screen, signal, camera/video, internet capability. Excellent voice call. Good PDA.
1	Great keyboard, internal, signal, camera/video, capability. Excellent voice call. Good PDA.
0	unreliable, documentation is not user-friendly, Samsung is not much help if there is a problem
0	unreliable, documentation is not non user-friendly, Samsung is not follow much help if there is a problem
0	usb connection needed
0	usb connection 
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and memory
0	Horrible reception
0	reception Horrible
1	Nice print. 
1	Nice publish print. 
0	none
0	none
1	Small, easy to use, reasonable price
1	Small, easy to use, reasonable terms
1	easy to use, superb quality printing in black and color
1	easy to use, superb quality printing in black color and
1	Lots of Storage, Easy to Use, and very fun.
1	Lots Storage, Easy to Use, and very fun.
0	Poor resolution, only stores 15 photos, EATS BATTERIES
0	Poor resolution, only stores 15 BATTERIES, EATS photos
0	No standard ring, picture quality somewhat lacking, expensive.
0	No standard ring, picture reasonably quality somewhat lacking, expensive.
0	It doesn't have an antenna so reception is bad inside.
0	It doesn't have an antenna so reception is forged inner.
0	all the sh*t I got when I finally caved
0	all the sh*t caved got when I finally I
1	Can handle some abuse, large buttons
1	Can handle abuse some, large buttons
0	Cost
0	toll Cost
1	Hahaha! Fast! Colorful! 
1	! Fast! Colorful! 
0	Slow to download
0	dim to download
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, compatible with infant car seat
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, compatible with infant car invest seat
1	Nice look and feel
1	Nice and feel
1	Size, IR capabilities, Call clarity, More than enough memory
1	Size, IR capabilities, claim clarity, More than enough memory
0	Mediocre interface, lacks new features
0	Mediocre interface, lacks fair new features
0	included wallpapers, included ringers
0	included wallpapers, include ringers
1	small &amp; lightweight SLR style cam, hundreds of features yet simple for beginners
1	small &amp; lightweight SLR style cam, hundreds of features yet simple 
1	Excellent color screen, battery life and reception quality.
1	Excellent color screen, battery lifetime and reception quality.
1	An AC adapter and battery charger with a Lithium-ion rechargeable battery is included.
1	An AC adapter battery charger with a rechargeable battery is included.
1	lots
1	wad
0	Built in flash is weak (like all point and shoot cameras)
0	in flash is (like all point and shoot cameras)
1	easy to use, software easy to install
1	easy to use, software easy to establish
0	Long initialization time before printing of first page
0	Long initialization time before firstly printing of first page
1	Fast to download pictures into your computer
1	Fast to download pictures into figurer your computer
1	the blue face meant I didn't need to spend $20 more on a face plate
1	the More blue face More meant I didn't need to spend $20 more on a face plate
0	expensive, brake hard to set
0	expensive, brake hard intemperate to set
0	Poor battery life, poor reception, slow charge time
0	Poor battery life, poor inadequate reception, slow charge time
1	Easy to use and maintain.  
1	well-situated to use and maintain.  
1	small; nicely shaped; excellent interface; fantastic battery life; quality screen; very durable; awesome volume control
1	small; nicely shaped; excellent interface; fantastic barrage liveliness; quality screen; very durable; awe-inspiring volume control
1	Cheap (at first)
1	first (at Cheap)
0	Flash sensor STUPIDLY placed too close to shutter finger, slow autofocus
0	Flash sensor close placed too STUPIDLY to shutter finger, slow autofocus
0	Freezes up way too often, complicated, small keys, dim screen when outdoors.
0	freeze up way too often, complicated, small describe, dim screen when outdoors.
0	TOO thin & battery cover pops off when dropped. Using wired headset requires adapter.
0	TOO thin & battery handle pops off when dropped. Using wired headset necessitate adapter.
1	5-point harness, spill resistant fabrics, great wheels
1	5-point harness, spill resistant fabrics, nifty wheels
1	Great Product 
1	enceinte Product 
1	Text and image quality, simplicity in use, easy refillable cartridges.
1	Text and double prime, simplicity in use, easy refillable cartridges.
1	Color screen, great price (free), fairly stylish, polyphonic ring tones
1	fair Color screen, great price (free), fairly stylish, polyphonic ring tones
1	Its a printer, inexpensive
1	Its printer a, inexpensive
0	The Color Screen Is Not Very Vibrant, The Phone is Ugly.
0	The Color Screen represent Not Very Vibrant, The Phone is frightful.
1	Design, a flip phone, and easy to operate
1	Design, operate flip phone, and easy to a
0	died prematurely, slow to get started
0	died prematurely, slow to arrive started
0	standard battery sucks, but beg for extended life bat.
0	tap standard battery sucks, but beg for extended life bat.
0	Poor reception, sloppy menu organization, unintuitive.  Prefers poor GSM over excellent TDMA.
0	poor reception, sloppy menu organization, unintuitive.  Prefers poor GSM over splendid TDMA.
1	Great Photos/Floppy Storage
1	Great/Floppy Storage
1	least expensive we could find
1	least expensive we could 
0	Very little - handsfree attatchment is weak.
0	Very little - handsfree attatchment is represent weak.
0	Nothing I've found
0	Nothing found I've
0	uses a lot of ink, isn't a flatbed scanner
0	uses lot of ink, isn't a flatbed scanner
1	This digital beauty is a gem!
1	This digital beauty is a!
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
1	Excellent works when it Quality and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
0	Manual was on CD so I didn't find it for a long time.
0	long was on CD so I didn't find it for a Manual time.
0	battery life is average, short if you have the optional view screen on.
0	shelling battery life is average, short if you have the optional view screen on.
0	Scratches easily
0	easily Scratches
0	first-generation bugs, expensive
0	first-generation badger, expensive
0	a little noisy, a little slow but it is worth the quality
0	a little noisy, a trivial slow but it is worth the select
0	No color screen, poor, games, not a new "camera phone"...who needs those anyway?
0	No color screen, poor, games, not a new "camera phone"...who WHO needs those anyway?
0	The ink is very expensive!
0	The ink is expensive very!
0	sound quality is terrible
0	sound quality is 
1	Great quality digital photos at a very affordable price.
1	Great caliber digital photos at a very affordable price.
1	price, quality and ease of use
1	, quality and ease of use
0	a little pricey, heavy
0	a little pricey, laboured
1	Photo Quality Prints
1	Photo Quality 
1	Beautiful output
1	output Beautiful
1	good image quality, construction
1	good image dependable quality, construction
0	None
0	none None
1	Great print quality, low cost of ownership
1	Great print prize, low cost of ownership
1	i love the menu's in part but it is no match to Nokia or Siemens.
1	i eff the menu's in contribution but it is no equalise to Nokia or Siemens.
0	very susceptible to water damage, a bit pricey
0	very susceptible to water damage, a bit pricy
1	Outstanding battery life, classy appearance, user friendly, solid case
1	Outstanding battery favorable life, classy appearance, user friendly, solid case
0	8 MB Storage card supplied with camera is woefully inadequate
0	8 MB Storage woefully supplied with camera is card inadequate
0	Only in bright sun light. No display, no review. Crap software &amp; BAD support.
0	Only in bright sun light. brook No display, no review. Crap software &amp; BAD support.
1	good price performance ratio, small and light
1	unspoilt price performance ratio, small and light
1	good balance of features, price &amp; size
1	good rest of features, price &amp; size
0	low light usage
0	blue light usage
1	Long Battery Life, Great Clarity, Easy use of features, Voice Dial
1	Long Battery animation, Great Clarity, Easy exercise of features, Voice Dial
0	back light doesn't stay on, not a lot of accessories
0	back short doesn't stay on, not a stack of accessories
1	durable, really easy to use
1	durable, really easy to habit
1	fast and good and cheap
1	fast and safe and cheap
1	Great camera
1	slap-up camera
1	Light weight, great clarity, easy functions, easy to use.
1	Light weight, great clarity, easy functions, easygoing easy to use.
0	have not found one yet
0	have not yet one found
1	Fun, relatively easy to use, makes short video clips, good pictures
1	, relatively easy to use, makes short video clips, good 
1	Disk switch out
1	Disk out
1	Great quality fast digital pictures.
1	Great lineament fast digital pictures.
1	Purchase price
1	damage Purchase price
1	Very User Friendly, Good Picture Quality
1	Picture User Friendly, Good Very Quality
1	Good Picture
1	Picture Good
0	Big noises, software crashes
0	Big ram noises, software crashes
0	not a great camera, not a whole lot of features.
0	not a great camera, not a lot of.
0	handsfree low volume, size must be smaller
0	handsfree low volume, size must be 
0	The serial Link is slow. The packaged software is particular. 
0	The serial is is slow. The packaged software Link particular. 
0	inconvenient crotch strap, difficult-to-lower seat-back
0	inconvenient crotch strap, difficult-to-lower seat-back
1	can take anywhere, anytime, anyplace
1	anytime take anywhere, can, anyplace
1	Neat camera and video.
1	smashing camera and video.
0	A little loud, EXPENSIVE ink cartridges
0	angstrom little loud, EXPENSIVE ink cartridges
0	I find the V60t a little confusing and difficult to use.
0	I the V60t a little confusing and difficult to.
1	Metal case, weatherproof, solid feel
1	Metal case, weatherproof, self-colored feel
1	small, clear sound
1	, clear sound
0	Poor resolution
0	Poor wretched resolution
0	eats batteries.
0	batteries.
0	Unreliable
0	Unreliable
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
0	redial dialing (voice/sent/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no Finicky to VM.
1	Great look, easy use, easy 2way acess, large lcd.
1	Great, easy use, easy 2way acess, large lcd.
1	small, lightweight, belt clip is very handy
1	diminished, lightweight, belt clip is very handy
1	Professional quality for pennys
1	Professional calibre for pennys
0	print limits to 8x10 or smaller
0	print limits or 8x10 to smaller
1	Disk Drive Access, Zoom Lens, Rechargable Battery
1	Disk Drive lens Access, Zoom Lens, Rechargable Battery
1	Reasonable cost; easy to use; everything included in kit; Polaroid name; whole family can use; autoflash &amp;amp; self timer are nice features; can delete pictures immediately if you do not want to keep them; no film cost anymore; no waiting to see pictures
1	timekeeper Reasonable cost; easy to use; everything included in kit; Polaroid name; whole family can use; autoflash &amp;timer amp; non self timer are nice features; can delete pictures immediately if you do not waitress want to keep them; no film cost anymore; no waiting to see pictures
1	Size, Price, Picture Quality, Features
1	Size, Quality, Picture Price, Features
0	RECEPTION SUCKS! Slow interface!
0	RECEPTION SUCKS! ho-hum interface!
0	None
0	none
1	Has a lot of easy-to-use features, excellent reception, very portable
1	Has rattling a lot of easy-to-use features, excellent reception, very portable
0	Battery usage, photos cloudy on zoom
0	Battery usage, photos on cloudy zoom
0	Batteries don't last as long as would like
0	Batteries don't go as long as would like
1	Price, reception and call quality, simple phone, candy bar.
1	Price, reception and call quality, simple phone, bar.
0	warranty may not cover you if the camera has ever had impact, even if it didn't cause the pertinent damage
0	warranty may not cover you camera has ever had impact, even it didn't cause pertinent damage
1	Swivel lens, takes CF cards, uses size AA batteries and takes great pictures!
1	Swivel lens, takes CF cards, heavy uses size AA batteries and takes great pictures!
0	Pricey. Small (16mb) included media card.
0	Pricey. small-scale (16mb) included media card.
0	Where should I start........cheap....
0	Where should I........cheap....
1	Great deal for a 2.1 megapixel camera
1	adenine Great deal for a 2.1 megapixel camera
1	Great Price on the PDC-640 Right Now.
1	Price on the PDC-640 Right Now.
1	Can't find any yet
1	Can't find any 
0	MULTI-PROBLEMS
0	MULTI-PROBLEMS
1	Small and Compact
1	Small and compendious
0	No external antenna kills reception in fringe areas. No keypad cover.
0	No external antenna reception kills in fringe areas. No keypad cover.
1	Easy set-up and use. Relatively small footprint
1	Easy set-up and use. easy Relatively small footprint
1	Lightweight, great photos, ease of use
1	Lightweight, great, ease of use
1	 It comes out fast and even.
1	 It comes out fast and.
1	Very easy to use.  Great pictures on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
1	Very use.  Great pictures on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
0	Ink consumption, no parallel port
0	Ink consumption, no parallel 
0	Price
0	Price
0	Battery sucks
0	Battery bombardment sucks
0	None that I know
0	None that I 
0	HEAVY, QUIRKY, CUMBERSOME
0	sullen, QUIRKY, CUMBERSOME
1	Many options and small size
1	Many option and small size
0	No  optical viewfinder, flash weak and far too close to lens
0	weak  optical viewfinder, flash No and far too close to lens
0	Noisy, Quality isn't as good
0	Noisy, Quality isn't as ripe
1	Light, durable, and cute in a silly way.
1	Light, durable, and cute in a way.
0	too many confusing buttons
0	too many fox buttons
0	I have had this printer for a while and there is no problems with it. (NO paper jams or anything else)
0	I have this printer a while and there is no problems with. (NO paper jams anything else)
0	The drum kit burns light weight glossy paper, too high of heat.
0	The drum kit burns newspaper light weight glossy paper, too high of heat.
0	Pricey - 32MB Memory Stick - What's up with that silver body color
0	Pricey - 32MB Memory Stick - puzzle What's up with that silver body color
0	Will eat batteries in less than a day if you are not careful.
0	Will a batteries in less than eat day if you are not careful.
1	Easy to use, Great quality Pictures, affordable
1	Easy to use, Great Pictures quality, affordable
0	No big frills, not completely user friendly
0	No big completely, not frills user friendly
0	A bit pricey
0	angstrom A bit pricey
0	Poor print quality, low resolution, slow, very noisey.
0	Poor print quality, low, slow, very noisey.
1	The first phone to combine a kickin' set of features with user-oriented design.
1	The first phone to combine a kickin' set of with design.
0	did not work.
0	did not make.
1	Low cost, well made
1	Low cost, urinate well made
0	Wheels do crack; seat will turn moldy if not properly dry.
0	Wheels do crack; seat will turn moldy if not decent properly dry.
0	poor quality in low light
0	poor low in quality light
0	Display small
0	small
1	price, set up, speed
1	price, set up, 
1	Great quality photos!
1	Great choice photos!
0	Number pad takes some getting used to, would be nice to have a standard ringtone.
0	Number pad takes some used to, would be to have a standard.
1	Great idea: a Phone and PDA in one; no major problems
1	Great idea: one Phone and PDA in a; no major problems
1	Affordable
1	affordable Affordable
1	Image Quality second to none Fast performance Uncompressed Tiff Nikkor Lens Manuel controls 
1	Image none second to Quality Fast performance Uncompressed Tiff Nikkor Lens Manuel controls 
1	lightweight and fairly compact
1	lightweight and fair fairly compact
1	Sturdy ~ still working with my kids using it daily!
1	Sturdy ~ casual still working with my kids using it daily!
1	small size, light weight
1	small size, luminousness weight
1	Very dependable
1	Very 
0	Original Memory Card to small
0	Original Memory Card small
1	excellent picture quality
1	quality picture excellent
1	Battery, Sound quality, Features, Screen
1	Battery, Sound quality, Features, sort
1	Easy to use, High quality images, fast USB interface.
1	Easy debauched to use, High quality images, fast USB interface.
0	very expensive, web feature is so slow as to be almost useless
0	very expensive, WWW boast is so slow as to be almost useless
1	small and light, low price, easy to use
1	small and idle, low price, easy to use
0	Eudora internet browsing does not support online secure transactions
0	Eudora unassailable internet browsing does not support online secure transactions
0	Can't turn off the auto dictionary in messaging.
0	Can't grow off the auto dictionary in messaging.
0	Tiny screen.
0	screen Tiny.
1	Reception, sound quality, tons of features, well-built, easy-to-use UI
1	Reception, sound lineament, tons of features, well-built, easy-to-use UI
0	small color cartridges and they cost too much
0	small color cartridges overly and they cost too much
1	Looks pretty cool, nice ring tones
1	Looks pretty tones, nice ring cool
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long format stub, Transflash antenna
0	Inconsistent results in auto mode.
0	Inconsistent issue in auto mode.
0	battery life, occasional slow auto focus and shutter speed (my bad probably) in low light
0	battery life, occasional slow auto and shutter speed (my bad) low light
1	Four great features, great printing quality, 
1	Four great features, printing quality, 
1	small, great picture quality, movie mode.
1	great, small picture quality, movie mode.
0	Price, Size, and lack of real value in CD image storage strategy. 
0	Price, Size, and lack of real value CD storage strategy. 
0	16MB Compact Flash Memory inadequate for this camera!
0	16MB Compact Flash inadequate for this camera!
1	Perfect images, Simple to use.
1	images, Simple to use.
1	Looks great, awesome display, lots of features
1	Looks great, awesome display, lots features of
0	Smartmedia memory. digital zoom
0	memory. digital zoom
1	VERY COMPACT, GOOD QUALITY PICTURE, BATTERY LASTS FOR MANNY SHOTS
1	VERY COMPACT, GOOD QUALITY PICTURE, BATTERY LASTS FOR MANNY summary SHOTS
0	So cute I'm going to be mad with the first scratch.
0	So cute I'm perish to be disturbed with the first scratch.
1	Straightforward! Attractive! Large "Display"! Durable!  Low price! A Bargain!
1	Straightforward! Attractive! Large "Display"! Bargain!  Low price! A Durable!
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, expand feeler, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	Uses a disk instead of uploading with cables, etc.
1	Uses a platter instead of uploading with cables, etc.
1	Very well designed, floppy disk compatibility, ease of use, zoom, macro.
1	Very well fountainhead designed, floppy disk compatibility, ease of use, zoom, macro.
0	Battery life
0	life Battery
1	easy to use 
1	easy use to 
1	Small footprint - not a kluge, good print quality especially in photos.
1	minor footprint - not a kluge, sound print quality especially in photos.
1	clarity, battery length
1	clarity, battery lucidness length
1	ultra compact size, full features, bright display, easy to use menus, mp3 player
1	ultra compact size, full features, bright display, easy to radical use menus, mp3 player
0	Cuts in and out, not-so-great battery life.
0	Cuts in and out, battery not-so-great life.
1	Extremely portable design, great conversation piece
1	Extremely portable design, great conversation 
0	Print quality of graphics not the brightest
0	Print quality of not the brightest
1	Fast, silent and excellent quality
1	, silent and excellent quality
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	Looks and spirit cheap, talk time less than promised, battery measure is deceptive
0	no push to talk, camera quality poor
0	no agitate to talk, camera quality poor
0	sad picture quality, poor construction, weak flash, HORRIBLE LCD
0	sad picture quality, poor construction, flash, HORRIBLE LCD
0	Price
0	terms Price
1	ability to read and print from memory cards
1	ability to read and print from memory wag
1	Awesome prints, photo process quality, has color &amp; b/w at the same time.
1	Awesome prints, photo process quality, has color &bacillus amp; b/w at the same time.
0	A few minor glitches
0	A minor glitches
1	Combines phone, PIM, Fax, and Net all in one device.
1	Combines phone, PIM, aggregate Fax, and Net all in one device.
0	jams all the time, bad resolution, bad software management
0	jams all the time, bad resolution, bad software direction management
1	easy to install &amp;amp; takes up little desk space
1	easy to install &amp;up; takes amp little desk space
1	great looking documents, easy to use scanner
1	great looking enceinte documents, easy to use scanner
0	Very expensive
0	expensive Very
1	cheap, Compaq does honor the warranties
1	cheap, Compaq does honor warranties
0	Poor reception, easily damaged, bulky, heavy
0	damaged reception, easily Poor, bulky, heavy
1	battery life, cost, included cables and AC Adapter, RCA video-out signal
1	battery life, cost, included cables video-out AC Adapter, RCA and signal
0	You can really tell when the cartredge is going
0	You can really tell when the is cartredge going
1	Easy to use, numerous easy to use features, changeable color plates
1	Easy to use, numerous easy to habituate boast, changeable color plates
1	Excellent Quality Images, Somewhat fast processing, Great Construction
1	Excellent Quality effigy, Somewhat fast processing, Great Construction
1	WAP, Pictures, Games, Downloadable Content
1	WAP, Pictures, Games, back Downloadable Content
0	limited amount of paper load
0	limited paper of amount load
0	none so far...
0	then none so far...
0	Everything else
0	Everything else
0	ITS YOUR FIRST DIGITAL CAMERA TO PLAY WITH!!!! :)
0	ITS YOUR FIRST DIGITAL TO CAMERA PLAY WITH!!!! :)
0	Noisy cycling of new pages
0	Noisy cycling foliate of new pages
0	Bad screen
0	Bad unsound screen
1	Great ZOOM, Built in Floppy Drive, Pictures Small Enough To Email
1	Great ZOOM, Built Floppy, Pictures Small Enough To Email
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, selection
1	A GOOD GOOD PORTABLE CAMERA IS RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOUR EYE'S
1	A GOOD angstrom GOOD PORTABLE CAMERA IS RIGHT IN FRONT OF YOUR EYE'S
1	Convenient and Tough
1	Convenient and 
1	Aesthetically pleasing.
1	pleasing Aesthetically.
1	Great backlight, reception and easy to use.
1	Great backlight, reception and easy to function.
0	Full page text (BxW or color)or photos print much slower than the specifications indicate. 
0	Full page (BxW or color)or photos print slower than the specifications. 
0	Thickness of the phone, lacks speaker phone, No PCS "Vision" capabilities (can't send/receive pictures).
0	PCS of the pictures, lacks speaker phone, No Thickness "Vision" capabilities (can't send/receive phone).
0	Lacks some options, kinda large and heavy.
0	Lacks large options, kinda some and heavy.
1	Small, excellent photo quality, intuitive controls
1	Small, excellent photo quality, photograph intuitive controls
0	Ink evaporates and then clogs print head
0	Ink head and then clogs print evaporates
1	Fast, sharp, reliable.
1	Fast, piercing, reliable.
0	No output to TV.
0	TV output to No.
0	Pricey (thought not beyond reason)
0	high-priced (thought not beyond reason)
1	Flexible, Rugged, BIG Memory Capability
1	Flexible, Rugged, BIG Capability
1	Good image quality, Price, great macro, wonderful colors
1	Good image quality, Price, great, wonderful colors
0	None to speak of
0	none None to speak of
1	ok at snapshots
1	ok alright at snapshots
1	Easy to use, economical!
1	Easy to purpose, economical!
1	Easy to change the ink cartridges, cool software with printer.  Great to keep as a backup printer.
1	comfortable to change the ink cartridges, cool software with printer.  cracking to living as a backup printer.
1	Awesome design, solid construction, usb cradle
1	Awesome design, solid, usb cradle
1	exceptionally fast shutter speed, powerful, clear 8X optical zoom &amp; long life lithium battery
1	fast exceptionally shutter speed, powerful, clear 8X optical zoom &amp; long life lithium battery
1	PDA functionality, tons of features
1	functionality, tons of features
0	Fast, accurate printing, versatile
0	loyal, accurate printing, versatile
1	Exceptional photo printing from a multi-use printer
1	Exceptional photo impression from a multi-use printer
0	alkaline battery powered means less photos before it's out of power
0	alkaline battery powered of less photos before it's out means power
0	none
0	none
1	Easy-to-use; Great pic quality; &amp;quot;SuperCool&amp;quot; technology for instant gratification
1	Easy-to-use; Great pic quality; &amp;quot;amp&SuperCool;quot; technology for instant gratification
1	Long battery life.
1	battery Long life.
0	doesn't scan pictures well
0	scan doesn't pictures well
1	High Quality, Smooth Ride, Washable, Comfortable
1	High Quality, Smooth Ride, Washable, prosperous
0	Uses tons of ink and needs constant head cleaning
0	Uses tons of ink and needs constant cleaning
1	Great photos, easy to use, fast and quiet
1	Great photos, use to easy, fast and quiet
1	Nice color screen. Easy ability to download ringers.  Slender and light.
1	nice color screen. Easy ability to download ringers.  Slender and spark.
0	Case, sold seprately but is still to small for the size of the camera. 
0	Case, sold seprately but is tranquilize to humble for the size of the camera. 
1	Great Durable camera, Great Picture qualities-More features then other model!
1	Great Durable camera, Great Picture qualities-More other then features model!
1	2 For 1
1	II For 1
0	either a black or a color ink cartridge in at a time
0	either a shameful or a color ink cartridge in at a sentence
1	Inexpensive, Versatile, Durable, Fast, High Print Quality
1	Inexpensive, Versatile, Durable, libertine, High Print Quality
1	Many options, paper handling, multi-platform.
1	paper options, Many handling, multi-platform.
1	easy setup; easy to use; significant rebate
1	easy setup; easy to use; comfortable significant rebate
1	Fast PPM, Easy Set-up, Output is dry, great manual
1	Fast PPM, well-to-do Set-up, Output is dry, great manual
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	unique decent phone with some A features!
0	Maybe a little TOO small for some, small screen
0	some a little TOO small for Maybe, small screen
1	Unbelievable speed. Stunning colour. Ease of set-up
1	Unbelievable speed. Stunning tinge. Ease of set-up
1	Compact size, Easy to Use, Mpeg, Self-Time, UNDERWATER HOUSING AVAILABLE!!!
1	Compact size, Easy to submersed Use, Mpeg, Self-Time, UNDERWATER HOUSING AVAILABLE!!!
1	Analog/Digital Cell Phone with Camera, the Web and Games!
1	Analog/digital Digital Cell Phone with Camera, the Web and Games!
1	great picture for the money
1	great picture money the for
0	not great resolution, IT BROKE!
0	not resolution, IT BROKE!
0	&lt;b&gt;EATS INK LIKE IT'S GOING OUT OF STYLE&lt;/b&gt;
0	&lt;b&gt;EATS INK LIKE IT'S GOING OUT ink OF STYLE&lt;/b&gt;
1	Usage instructions are very clear;  very compact and easy to carry
1	Usage instructions are very clear-cut;  very thick and easy to carry
1	Great color, 1200x1200dpi, LESS THAN $179!!! Voice Prompts!
1	color, 1200x1200dpi, LESS THAN $179!!! Voice Prompts!
0	No Zoom available and drains batteries too rapidly.
0	No Zoom available and drains drain batteries too rapidly.
1	small, light, fast shutter speed, internal 16 megs. memory with option of smartmedia disks.
1	small, light, fast with speed, internal 16 megs. memory shutter option of smartmedia disks.
0	printable image quality poor
0	printable image prime quality poor
0	none
0	none
0	No USB, noisy motor
0	No, noisy motor
0	Battery Life
0	Life
1	Great quality, durable, relatively easy to use
1	quality, durable, relatively easy to use
0	DOA, chewed paper, incredibly cheap construction, very worrisome, fragile, loud.
0	DOA, chewed paper, incredibly tacky construction, very worrisome, fragile, flash.
1	Plays music, qwerty keyboard, can use to transfer files, comes with case and headset.
1	Plays music, qwerty keyboard, use transfer files, comes with case and headset.
1	Fast, high quality, reliable
1	Fast, high quality, gamy reliable
0	Terrible, distorted sound quality on some handsets
0	Terrible, distorted sound quality some on handsets
1	small, good reception, loads of features
1	features, good reception, loads of small
0	Non-scratch resistant display, antenna is too BIG (out of place), flip is not sturdy.
0	Non-scratch resistant display, antenna also is too BIG (out of place), flip is not sturdy.
0	Just about everything else about it
0	Just about most everything else about it
1	perfect clarity, wide range of plans available, small and compact
1	perfect clarity, widely range of plans available, small and contract
0	Prohibitively expensive.
0	Prohibitively.
1	Excellent reception, great Palm OS PDA, Great convergence of a phone & PDA
1	Excellent reception, great Palm o PDA, capital convergence of a phone & PDA
0	Have troubles capturing moving objects. Does not include case and AC adapter.
0	Have troubles fascinate moving objects. execute not include case and AC adapter.
1	Price, voice dialing, reception
1	, voice dialing, reception
1	Inexpensive, very sturdy construction, USB card reader included.
1	Inexpensive, very sturdy construction, USB board reader included.
1	Tandem Stroller with high quality materials
1	Tandem Stroller with materials quality high
0	Noisy, but not unbearably so
0	Noisy, but not so
1	Great quality with lots of features
1	smashing quality with lots of features
0	shakes violently and fails frequently
0	excite violently and fails frequently
1	Compact, easy to use, flexible
1	Compact, consumption easy to use, flexible
1	everything and then some
1	everything some then and
1	beautiful prints, great workhorse printer, did I say beautiful printing?
1	beautiful prints, dandy workhorse printer, did I say beautiful impression?
1	Picture quality, ease of use
1	Picture timbre, ease of use
1	Small,  easy to use,  nice features, easy and flexible connectivity to PC etc.
1	Small,  easy to use,  nice features, easy and flexible to etc.
1	Cheap, and simple
1	cheesy, and simple
0	But, doesn't mean you should part with your money.
0	But, doesn't mean should part with your money.
1	Good photo quality
1	photo Good quality
0	none
0	none
1	nice features
1	features
1	Great Picture Quality and Easy to use
1	Great use Quality and Easy to Picture
1	Very slick and attractive, portible, lightweight, Ringtones, faceplates,Good sound quality...ect
1	Very slick and attractive, sound, lightweight, Ringtones, faceplates,Good portible quality...ect
0	Average text quality, speed
0	Average text tone quality, speed
0	Bad reception, flimsy antenna, battery life so-so.
0	Bad reception, flimsy antenna, life so-so.
1	Clear, crisp prints at an affordable price
1	Clear, crisp prints an at affordable price
1	Print Quality &amp;amp; Reliability
1	Print Quality &amp;Reliability; amp
0	Side buttons pressed, switches to speaker, bad camera, quality, size limits, etc etc etc
0	Side buttons pressed, switches to speaker, bad camera,, size, etc etc etc
1	easy storage, portable, looks
1	easy, portable, looks
1	Ease of use, price
1	Ease of usance, price
0	Pricey ink. Slow duplex unit.  Usual HP print driver problems.  Small glitches.
0	Pricey ink. Slow duplex unit.  Usual HP print driver problems.  Small lowly glitches.
1	Great Price, Good Pictures
1	Great Price, Good price Pictures
1	Awesome printing quality, very quiet
1	Awesome quality, very quiet
0	Thick phone, especially with a leather case on. Slow switching between digital and analog mode.
0	Thick phone, especially with case. Slow switching between digital and analog mode.
1	light weight, pocket size, easy to use
1	light weight, pocket size, to use
0	battery seems to run low quickly
0	battery seems to run humbled quickly
0	Lack of accessories with the original package
0	Lack of accessories with package original the
1	price effective,very inexpensive
1	effective price,very inexpensive
1	Great look, good features, awesome memory transferring, cool voice dial feature
1	Great expression, good features, awesome memory transferring, cool sound dial feature
0	poorly designed; breaks too easily;
0	badly designed; breaks too easily;
0	Large battery...poor construction.
0	turgid battery...poor construction.
0	minor
0	fry minor
0	Slightly more costly
0	more Slightly costly
0	Constant paper jams, poor quality, and noisy
0	Constant paper, poor quality, and noisy
1	Good printer, great prices.
1	Good groovy printer, great prices.
1	Massive storage capability.  Good battery life.  Multiple burst image is a nice feature
1	Massive entrepot capability.  practiced battery life.  Multiple burst image is a nice feature
0	Short battery life.
0	Short battery sprightliness life.
0	Price and speed
0	Price and speeding
0	Fragile and low capacity paper tray.
0	Fragile and downcast capacity paper tray.
1	lightweight, reasonably priced, highly manouverable,folds easily,my baby loves it
1	lightweight, reasonably priced, manouverable, easily,my baby loves it
0	poor macro, small feature set
0	poor small, macro feature set
1	Cheap
1	Cheap
0	Bad reception, and durability overall junk.
0	Bad reception, and durability big overall junk.
0	Third party covers are crap.
0	party Third covers are crap.
1	Easy to install
1	establish Easy to install
1	Amazing picture quality, very easy to use
1	Amazing picture, very easy to use
0	battery time
0	shelling time
0	Non really.
0	really.
1	Big screen, long battery life, voice recorder and themes
1	Big screen, foresighted battery life, voice recorder and themes
0	2X printing could be a little faster, but not too shabby for a first!
0	2X printing could be a little, not too shabby for a first!
0	Poor UI, poor battery, no programmability, poor speaker, poor speakerphone.
0	Poor UI, poor speaker, no programmability, poor battery, poor speakerphone.
1	Not too expensive, takes decent pictures.
1	Not too expensive, pictures decent takes.
0	Unreliable voice-mail alert
0	Unreliable voice-mail 
1	Cool Techie Looking Slate Color Case&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy USB, Parallel, and Mac Local Talk connectors
1	Cool Looking Slate Color Case&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy USB, Parallel, Mac Local connectors
0	Feeble bundled memory card
0	feeble Feeble bundled memory card
0	LCD position, SHOULD come with a case!
0	LCD position, SHOULD arrive with a case!
1	Picture quality, features and price
1	Picture quality, price and features
0	eats up batteries like they're going out of style, not much space
0	eats up batteries like they're travel out of flair, not much space
0	Only a 2X optical zoom.
0	lone a 2X optical zoom.
0	No optical zoom, eats batteries (!)
0	No optical zoom, eats surge batteries (!)
1	Compact size, easy to work around, alarm feature. NO CAMERA! Very durable...just ask the concrete!
1	Compact size, easy to work around, take alarm feature. NO CAMERA! Very durable...just ask indestructible the concrete!
1	Compact size, great price, decent sized address book
1	Compact size size, great price, decent sized address book
1	Great design, solid, swappable face plate
1	Great design, square, swappable face plate
0	Sometimes confusing menus and dorky antenna
0	Sometimes fox confusing menus and dorky antenna
0	Image quality satisfactory.
0	Image satisfactory quality.
0	High priced, easy to lose (the belt clip/holster doesn't hold the phone
0	High priced, easy to lose (the whang clip/holster doesn't throw the phone
0	Slow Flash
0	Flash Slow
0	The size of the printer itself its a little big.
0	The size sizing of the printer itself its a little big.
0	weak reception, gets hot within 10 minutes of taking, no vibrate.
0	weak reception, hot within 10 of taking, no vibrate.
1	it looks great, slim and stylist!
1	it looks great, slim wait and stylist!
1	Small,easy to use,changeable face plates,wireless web,200 contacts memory
1	Small,easy use,changeable face,wireless web,200 contacts memory
1	Storage on Floppy Diskette
1	on Floppy Diskette
1	Great value, many features
1	enceinte value, many features
0	Proprietary charging plug, No clock while in call, Poor speaker phone
0	Proprietary charging plug, No clock while in saddle call, Poor speaker phone
1	PRICE BREAK because the Pro70 is not cutting edge. Microdrive ready.
1	PRICE BREAK because the Pro70 is suspension not cutting edge. Microdrive ready.
0	Some barrel distortion in images; lacks an auto focus illuminator; no sound capture
0	Some barrel distortion in images; lacks an auto focus illuminator; miss no sound capture
1	Low - price, good output
1	price - Low, good output
1	Incredible print quality, lasting toner, and speed.
1	Incredible print quality, lasting toner, speed.
1	Fairly light stroller.  Easy folding and sturdy.
1	Fairly light stroller.  Easy folding and.
0	Would like a Telephoto Lens.
0	Would like a Lens.
0	Speakerphone, limited accessories
0	limited, Speakerphone accessories
0	photo size restrictions
0	pic size restrictions
0	No speed demon
0	speed No demon
1	Good (intended) multifunctionality in a single device.  Decent InkJet copier
1	Good (intended) multifunctionality in a single device.  Decent InkJet individual copier
0	I don't like them
0	don't like them
0	mechanical parts
0	parts mechanical
1	2.1 Megapixel, USB, Lithium Ion Battery, Metal Casing, RCA Plug for TV/VCR
1	2.1 Megapixel, USB, Li Ion Battery, alloy Casing, RCA Plug for TV/VCR
0	Lack of knowledgeable support from Kodak
0	Lack of lettered support from Kodak
0	cheap plastic, bad resolution, poor quility pics, zoom is horrible
0	cheap plastic, bad resolution, poor quility wretched pics, zoom is horrible
0	Dwindling battery life.
0	Dwindling battery biography.
1	small, light, shiny, blue, cheap
1	small, light, perch shiny, blue, cheap
1	Small, Rechargeable battery, optical &amp; Digital zoom, perfect color, manual modes
1	Small, Rechargeable, optical &; Digital zoom, perfect color, manual modes
0	Sometimes doesn't recognize your voice
0	doesn't recognize your voice
1	HIGH quality, lightning speed downloads, easy to use
1	HIGH quality, lightning speed gentle downloads, easy to use
0	Big, expensive cartridges, can't stop a job in the middle of printing.
0	Big, expensive cartridges, can't stop a job in braggart the middle of printing.
1	Inexpensive, reliable, decent job for the money.
1	Inexpensive, reliable, decent job for inexpensive the money.
0	Long warm-up period
0	Long warm-up 
0	Picture quality, price
0	Picture caliber quality, price
1	Perfect physical size and user interface.
1	double-dyed physical size and user interface.
1	Fast, Sleek, Compact, Top Quality
1	Fast, Sleek, Compact, Top prize
1	1600x1200 resolution means real 8x10" photos, smaller than most 2.1 megapixel cameras, fast continuous shooting
1	1600x1200 resolution means actual real 8x10" photos, smaller than most 2.1 megapixel cameras, fast closure continuous shooting
1	Lightweight and Stylish, Great Clarity, Durable
1	Great and Stylish, Lightweight Clarity, Durable
1	tv-out, webcam capable
1	webcam, tv-out capable
0	X83 is incompatible with Windows Xp and breakdowns average every 3 months.
0	X83 is discrepant with Windows Xp and breakdowns average every threesome months.
1	Handles well, attractive, both seats recline (although not fully), light compared to other doubles
1	palm well, attractive, both seats recline (although not fully), tripping compared to other doubles
1	Clear Signal, WAP enabled, phonebook size, size
1	Clear Signal, WAP, phonebook size, size
1	Small, sleek, cute, durable, fun, handy, covers come in cool colors!
1	Small, fun, cute, durable, sleek, handy, covers come in cool colors!
1	price, quality, warranty
1	price, timber, warranty
0	Heavy.
0	large Heavy.
0	Antenna (no biggie), no ring+vibracall, no calender (PDA)
0	Antenna (no biggie), no+vibracall, no calender (PDA)
0	N/A
0	N/
1	Easy to use, lightweight
1	Easy use, lightweight
1	Ease, quality, battery power, FEATURES, in a Class buy itself
1	Ease, quality, in power, FEATURES, battery a Class buy itself
0	Viewfinder hard to see through in the dark
0	Viewfinder to see through in the dark
0	Antenna seems flimsy, but easy to replace if broken, Expensive Batteries!&#13;&#10;
0	Antenna seems flimsy, but easy replace to if broken, Expensive Batteries!&#13;&#10;
1	Great Image quality
1	swell Image quality
1	-rotating lens, zoom, varying resolution settings
1	-varying lens, zoom, rotating resolution settings
0	Noisey, no swich to turn it off, Low speed
0	Noisey, no swich to turn it hit off, Low speed
1	Easy to operate, plug n play.
1	Easy to operate, plug n.
1	Reliable as a point and shoot camera in most conditions
1	Reliable as a point and conditions camera in most shoot
0	None
0	None
1	Loaded with features,Gud design,Light weight
1	Loaded with features,Gud design,illume weight
1	Full features of most SLR's.  External flash option
1	Full features of most SLR's.  External meretricious option
0	can't get wallpaper or tones, keypad, buttons stick or hard to push.
0	can't get wallpaper or tones, keypad, buttons stick push hard to or.
1	Fast color print and great quality
1	Fast color great and print quality
0	Eats batteries like no body's business!
0	Eats batteries like body's business!
1	Sound Quality, Appearance
1	Sound show Quality, Appearance
0	A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
0	A bit bulky.  I much can't think of really else!
0	lighting needs to be right, no LCD Display
0	lighting needs to be properly, no LCD Display
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
0	Verizon Disabled Features
0	Verizon Disabled 
1	Cost, ease of use, quality of photos
1	Cost, relaxation of use, quality of photos
1	style, size, Motorola reputation, price
1	style, size, Motorola reputation, report price
0	A few minor quirks detailed in the review
0	A few minor quirks detailed in a the review
1	Good reception. Looks pretty.
1	Good count reception. Looks pretty.
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
0	Drum unit gave out after 13 months of light home use.
0	Drum unit gave out after 13 months of expend light home use.
0	Weak Flash
0	Weak scoot
1	Excellent quality, quiet printer.
1	Excellent quality, fantabulous quiet printer.
1	Floppys are cheap, good resolution options
1	Floppys are cheap, good represent resolution options
0	The screen is not as visible as I'd like in sunlightShort battery life
0	The screen is not as visible as spirit I'd like in sunlightShort battery life
0	slow, bad color reproduction
0	spoiled slow, bad color reproduction
1	Price, After Market ink, Speed
1	ink, After Market Price, Speed
0	Battery Life, Looks, Earpiece heats up, heavy for a fliptop, Crappiest Manual for a phone.
0	Battery a, Looks, Earpiece phone up, heavy for a fliptop, Crappiest Manual for Life heats.
0	Slow boot-up, some menu functions are annoying and cumbersome.
0	Slow boot-up, some menu functions are annoying slow and cumbersome.
0	battery drainer
0	drainer battery
0	Very slow on 1200 dpi
0	Very on 1200 dpi
0	Not the best software; needs to include a much larger memory stick! 
0	Not the best software; needs to include a much larger skillful memory stick! 
0	Menus a little confusing, speaker phone not very loud, scratches easily, durability issues
0	a little confusing, speaker phone not very loud, scratches easily, durability 
1	The best Vision phone available to date!
1	The best Vision phone available date!
1	The screen is big enough for aging eyes to see.  Only one gadget to carry
1	The screen big enough for eyes to see.  one gadget to carry
1	Good text printing
1	Good printing text
0	The reception could be a little bit better but that's true for practically all phones.
0	The could be a little bit that's true for practically all phones.
1	Compact size, custom features
1	custom size, Compact features
1	Lightweight, Easy to use!
1	to, Easy Lightweight use!
1	Everything from Style to Functionality
1	Everything from Style dash to Functionality
0	No Optical Zoom, No USB
0	No Optical, No USB
0	chunky, a bit unattractive
0	chunky, a bit 
1	Fast printing, good drivers, very reasonable price.
1	Fast printing, good drivers, very reasonable libertine price.
0	Slows my computer down while printing and expensive print cartridges
0	Slows my computer down printing expensive print cartridges
1	For its price it prints okay
1	For its price IT it prints okay
1	Quiet &amp; quick; versatile
1	&amp; quick; versatile
1	Great images, excellent build quality, fast cycle time, great flexibility, multiple storage media choices.
1	outstanding images, excellent build lineament, fast cycle time, great flexibility, multiple storage media choices.
0	You have to read the manual to use it.
0	You have IT to read the manual to use it.
1	good photos, easy to use, extra accessories, good price
1	good photos, easy to use, extra, good price
0	Price, fees, frequent white-screen-of-death, battery life.
0	Price, fees, frequent white-screen-of-death, haunt battery life.
1	Excellent display resolution, great pictures, good new features..LG quality
1	Excellent display resolution, great pic, adept new features..LG quality
0	A slightly bulky, pull out antenna, doesn't come with games.
0	A slightly bulky, pull out antenna, doesn't come biz with games.
1	Excellent durability, more than adequate memory, many really cool features.
1	Excellent durability, more than really memory, many adequate cool features.
1	Easy to use, multifunctional
1	soft Easy to use, multifunctional
0	Battery life when using video camera
0	Battery using when life video camera
1	Size, Battery life, outside flip display
1	Size, Battery life, outdoor flip display
1	Durability, low-cost.
1	Durability, strength low-cost.
0	a little bulky
0	a small bulky
1	Nice looking design.  Comfortable to hold.  Nice interface.
1	Nice looking design.  hold to Comfortable.  Nice interface.
0	signal strength, i think this has to do with providers
0	signal, i think this has do with providers
1	Great size even for big hands. flip design. stong battery. joystick navigation
1	Great size even for big deal. alternate design. stong battery. joystick navigation
1	supports scripts, picture quality
1	quality scripts, picture supports
0	need lots of addons like batteries and lenses to make it great
0	need lots of addons like lens batteries and lenses to make it great
0	Weak antenna.
0	Weak aerial antenna.
0	I have yet to be disappointed in this cell phone.
0	I have yet to be suffer disappointed in this cell phone.
0	Battery, Minor Issues (see below)
0	Battery, Minor progeny (see below)
0	No printer cord included
0	included printer cord No
1	Simple to install and use, Almost excellent print quality, Fair Price
1	Simple to and, Almost excellent print quality, Fair Price
1	Inexpensive, ink is cheap, good quality
1	Inexpensive, ink is crummy, good quality
1	Excellent integration of phone, internet, email.  Very stylish
1	Excellent integration of internet, phone, email.  Very stylish
1	Quality, Ease of use, Technical support, Customer Service
1	Quality, Ease of use, Technical suffer, Customer Service
0	noisy fan, poor glossy pics
0	noisy fan, poor glossy exposure pics
0	Canon image service has a sneaky copyright agreement
0	Canon image service a sneaky copyright agreement
0	Weak Ringers!
0	Ringers!
0	Keypad
0	Keypad
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, lightweight, good quality photos for email and web.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, lightweight, quality photos email and web.
0	Typing text messages can be tricky, long menus to scroll thru.
0	substance Typing text messages can be tricky, long menus to scroll thru.
0	clarity, ease of use, and low cash value.  Skip it if possible.
0	clarity, ease of, and low cash.  Skip it if possible.
0	none at this time
0	this at none time
0	Guzzles ink
0	ink Guzzles
0	Battery life :(
0	Battery :(
0	No WAP, heavy, no Li-Ion battery
0	WAP No, heavy, no Li-Ion battery
0	2.1 MegaPixel, Cost, lack of optional parts.
0	2.1 of, Cost, lack MegaPixel optional parts.
0	keys could be too small and cumbersome for text messaging, battery power short
0	keys could be too cumbersome and small for text messaging, battery power short
1	Good size, great reception
1	Good size, great outstanding reception
0	Several fatal flaws; SIZE, Battery longevity, record quality, recording length(1 min max), unintuitive OS, keypad-blech!
0	Several fatal flaws; SIZE, Battery longevity, record length, recording quality(keypad-blech min max), unintuitive OS, 1!
1	very easy to use
1	very easy use
0	Awkward antenna, pressing key and sound of button don't sync, little thick.
0	cumbersome antenna, pressing key and sound of button don't sync, short thick.
1	lightweight, easy to fold
1	, easy to fold
1	Very reasonably priced. Ease of installation and use.
1	Very reasonably priced. Ease of installation and installing use.
1	Excellent image quality, packed with features
1	Excellent persona quality, packed with features
1	inexpensive good features
1	inexpensive good sport
1	Great size, very intuitive, good zoom
1	Great size, very intuitive, zoom
0	Print time
0	time Print
1	Inexpensive, easy-to-use printer for casual printing
1	Inexpensive, easy-to-use printer for effortless printing
1	Portability, Download to Disk, Easy to Use
1	Portability, light Download to Disk, Easy to Use
0	not reliable, heat &amp; x-ray sensitive
0	not reliable, ignite &amp; x-ray sensitive
0	Nightmare, problem after problem,off alignment.etc
0	Nightmare, problem after problem, alignment.etc
0	None
0	none None
1	Shell design, vibrant screen, Bluetooth, camera, Swiss-Army like features.
1	beat design, vibrant screen, Bluetooth, camera, Swiss-Army like features.
0	stated elsewhere
0	stated 
1	Price
1	Price
1	Good Printquality, Easy Setup, speed
1	Good Printquality, speed Setup, Easy
0	strangely large antenna.
0	strangely large turgid antenna.
0	Lousy Warranty.Ink Sucker at $ 25 a pop.
0	Lousy Warranty.pop Sucker at $ 25 a Ink.
1	Good quality printer
1	soundly quality printer
0	NONE
0	NONE
0	Where's the software?, Ring Tones, Voice Dialing
0	Where's the?, Ring Tones, Voice Dialing
0	Battery life, fixed lens
0	Battery life, secure lens
1	Allows a variety of manual controls
1	Allows manual variety of a controls
0	Price may be a factor for some
0	Price may be a cistron for some
0	Sound quality is awful
0	intelligent quality is awful
0	need larger paper tray and better driver to set your own defaults 
0	motivation larger paper tray and better driver to curing your own defaults 
1	Cheap
1	loud
0	Users manual could be a little clearer and more detailed.
0	Users manual could be a short exonerated and more detailed.
1	Size, fits anywhere
1	Size, anywhere fits
0	can not hang heavy bags on the handle
0	can not clayey hang heavy bags on the handle
1	Price w/rebates an offer you can't refuse
1	Price/rebates an offer you can't refuse
0	Eats AA batteries.  Not cheap.
0	batteries AA Eats.  Not cheap.
0	Pricy for a mass-produced item; Lack of self timer for MPEGs; Location of Zoom switch
0	Pricy for a mass-produced item; Lack of self timer for MPEG; placement of Zoom replacement
1	Price, good quality prints
1	Price, prints quality good
0	Shakes a lot, slow when printing a lot of color, cartridges can be expensive
0	Shakes a lot, slow when printing a set of emblazon, cartridges can be expensive
0	jaw-droppingly awful photos - absolutely destroyed our good moods
0	jaw-droppingly awful photo - absolutely destroyed our good moods
1	Super smooth, easy to assemble, comfortable for baby
1	Super smooth, light easy to assemble, comfortable for baby
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	that Watch battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	Non-rechargable batteries, Very short battery life, Memory card fairly small
0	batteries, short battery life, Memory card fairly small
1	Small, elegant, changeable look, dirt cheap, and excellent reception
1	Small, elegant, changeable look, dirt, and excellent reception
1	cute looking
1	looking
0	Reliability, dependability, poor quality and poor tech support
0	Reliability, dependability, poor quality and poor hapless tech support
1	takes great pictures
1	great pictures
1	beautiful; small & light-weight; backlighting; three alarms settable; rings (if you're into them)
1	beautiful; & light-weight; backlighting; alarms settable; rings (if you're into them)
1	crisp color, confident autofocus, one hand operation, manual controls, sturdy
1	crisp color, confident autofocus, one hand operation, manual, 
1	Great technical specifications.
1	Great specifications technical.
1	Simple to use. 2.1 megapixels.
1	Simple to. 2.1 megapixels.
0	Speed, quality, .........
0	Speed,, .........
0	Almost none
0	none
0	lousy menus, horrible keys, overpriced, crappy camera. annoying beeps no battery life
0	lousy menus, horrible keys, overpriced, crappy camera. teasing beeps no bombardment life
1	Looks Good but that's about it.
1	Looks Good but that's it.
0	Poor battery life, huge size, poor features
0	Poor battery life, huge size, poor pathetic features
0	none
0	none
1	Excellent integration of Palm and phone&#13;&#10;Great for using in a vehicle
1	Excellent integration of Palm and phone&#13;&#10;Great in using for a vehicle
1	Weight, Style, and Worldwide Roaming
1	Weight,, and Worldwide Roaming
1	clear, small, lightweight
1	, small, lightweight
0	Voice Feature Glitches
0	Voice Glitches
1	Tiny size, great ease of use
1	Tiny size, great of use
0	Relatively high SAR
0	comparatively Relatively high SAR
1	easy to navigate site, excellent prices
1	gentle to navigate site, excellent prices
0	Barely can feed subsequent sheets now because of what I did
0	Barely unity can feed subsequent sheets now because of what I did
0	Poor scans, ink runs out, price of ink relative to new printer, WINDOWS only
0	poor scans, ink extend out, price of ink relative to new printer, WINDOWS only
1	Neat speaker phone, great buttons, excellent sound, amazing battery life.
1	Neat phone speaker, great buttons, excellent sound, amazing battery life.
1	Relatively inexpensive 
1	inexpensive Relatively 
1	Size, styling, quality of pics, different auto settings
1	Size, styling, quality of setting pics, different auto settings
1	size, aesthetic,ease of use and battery life
1	size, aesthetic,ease of aesthetical use and battery life
0	ear speaker, ring too soft
0	ear speaker, ring too auricle soft
1	Fast printing, good text quality printing, trusted name.
1	Fast printing, good quality printing, trusted name.
0	Lacks ISO settings / features for more advanced options.
0	Lacks ISO settings / More features for more advanced options.
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
1	Totally customizable, display for a flip, usage, features galore
1	cheap and small, color faxing
1	cheap and small, semblance faxing
0	Ink cartridges are pricey and difficult to refill.
0	Ink cartridges are and difficult to refill.
0	short USB cable
0	short cable USB
0	Poor Battery Life and no AC Adapter Included
0	Poor Battery Life and no Included Adapter AC
1	Easy to use, takes great pictures. 
1	to use, takes great pictures. 
0	Smartmedia 64 megs limits number of pictures at highest resolution
0	Smartmedia 64 limits megs number of pictures at highest resolution
1	Cheap
1	meretricious
0	Cars+cell phone= possible wreck
0	Cars+cell phone= potential possible wreck
0	small card, not easy to take candids at night
0	small card, not easily to take candids at night
0	eats ink very fast
0	ink very fast
0	Slightly Awkward User Interface
0	User Awkward Slightly Interface
1	everything but design and lack of games
1	everything but design and lack games of
0	Overpriced ink cartridges, slow
0	ink Overpriced cartridges, slow
0	Battery Life,Back lite display in sun lite
0	Battery Life,Back lite display lite sun in
0	image quality, color is disgusting
0	quality image, color is disgusting
1	GSM 900/1900 GPRS & TDMA 850/1900 network aware
1	900/1900 GPRS & TDMA 850/1900 network aware
0	Not many
0	non many
1	good for text documents, banners, small projects
1	small for text documents, banners, good projects
1	Innovative LCD screen, versatile, well-designed and executed camera
1	Innovative LCD screen, versatile, well-designed and executed various camera
0	black text could be better
0	black text be better
1	Small size, decent output
1	lowly size, decent output
0	Size, battery is an extra
0	Size, battery is an duplicate
0	not many accessories
0	not non many accessories
1	Cheap
1	cheesy
1	Ummm...
1	Ummm...
0	Horrible black and white printing
0	black and white printing
0	Bulky, no video camera, texting system
0	texting, no video camera, Bulky system
0	Picture sizes, internet disconection is efficient
0	Picture sizes, internet sizing disconection is efficient
1	Excellent sharp, crisp, DARK printing. Fast.
1	Excellent sharp, DARK, crisp printing. Fast.
0	Can't use half the features thanks to The Interface From Hell. Antenna makes shoulder-holders shrug.
0	Can't utilize half the features thanks to The Interface From blaze. Antenna fix shoulder-holders shrug.
1	Super resolution and color on glossy paper. A breeze to set up. Price!
1	tiptop resolution and colorize on glossy paper. A breeze to set up. Price!
1	does work w/ WIN XP
1	work does w/ WIN XP
0	The toner cartridge is difficult to find.
0	to toner cartridge is difficult The find.
1	was good at first
1	first good at was
0	tones, pics, etc are awful, menu screen are confusing could be far better
0	tones, pics, etc awful are, menu screen are confusing could be far better
0	Calls get cut off, annoying "cannot place call" notice frequently
0	Calls get cut off, annoying "cannot place call" 
0	Questionable long term durability
0	Questionable term long durability
0	Problems with thick paper stock
0	Problems with thick stock
0	Quite heavy, slow startup time.
0	Quite heavy, slow startup.
1	It has everything!
1	It has!
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges
0	Expensive cartridge Ink Cartridges
0	Uses batteries quick, takes a while to save pics.
0	Uses batteries quick, takes a while to utilize save pics.
1	Price,Quality &amp;amp; color
1	amp,Quality &Price;amp; color
1	Lightweight, simple to use
1	Lightweight, simple to usage
0	The 3390 aren&#146;t quite as sleek or as energy efficient as the step-up 8290
0	The 3390 aren&#146;t quite as sleek or as energy efficient the 
0	a little pricey as phones go, but compares with much higher-priced models.
0	a amp little pricey as phones go, but compares with much higher-priced models.
1	Free with T-mobile
1	Free liberate with T-mobile
0	Heavy, no storage basket
0	Heavy, no storage basketful
0	Unreliable equipment. Breaks for no reason. 
0	no equipment. Breaks for Unreliable reason. 
1	Phone is light (about seven ounces), and easy to use; not too compact
1	Phone is light (about seven ounces), and loose to use; not too compendious
1	small foot print
1	impress small foot print
1	stylish, easy to use, light weight.
1	stylish, easy to use, weight.
1	pretty screen with colors and looks attractive good battery life
1	pretty screen with colors and attractive good life
1	Low price, ease of use
1	ease price, Low of use
1	prints well, quickly
1	prints well, 
1	Sometimes it puts out really pretty pictures
1	Sometimes it puts really pretty pictures
0	Sometimes has trouble picking up a signal where there is a lot of interferance.
0	Sometimes has trouble picking up a signalise where there is a hatful of interferance.
1	Takes good pictures
1	guide Takes good pictures
0	constantly runs out of battery power
0	constantly runs out of power
0	Only hold eight pictures to a disc
0	Only hold eight pictures to a 
1	Great quality, awesome zoom, good battery preservation, video mode
1	Great quality, awesome zoom, good battery preservation, mode video
0	See above
0	above See
1	Full Manual or Point&amp;Shoot, My mode, Stunning photographs, High quality, Great lens, Underwater Capability, 
1	or Point&amp;Shoot, My mode, Stunning photographs, High, Great lens, Underwater Capability, 
1	Color screen, lightweight, styleish.
1	gloss screen, lightweight, styleish.
1	Price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Look
1	Price&amp;#13;&AMP;#10;Size&amp;#13;&amp;#ten;Look
0	Doesn't produce decent photos without incredible effort
0	photos produce decent Doesn't without incredible effort
1	Color quality
1	quality
1	I like the slide up feature because my hubby is always hitting something
1	I like the slide up because hubby is always hitting something
1	compact, high quality images
1	compact, high quality 
1	Very nice looking phone.
1	Very gracious looking phone.
1	small, quiet, both ports available, ink monitor
1	ports, quiet, both small available, ink monitor
1	Simple to use. Great photo quality. Reliable.
1	Simple to use. Great picture quality. Reliable.
0	Battery life
0	life
0	Ring tone and alerts could be louder
0	Ring and alerts could be louder
1	Fun, cheap (by now), good if you're willing to do a LOT of touch-up
1	Fun, cheap (by now), good you're willing to do a of touch-up
0	Pricey
0	dear Pricey
1	Apert.Priority and Shut.Priority, 4MP, AA size batts
1	Apert.Priority and Shut.precedence, 4MP, AA size batts
0	Slower than a laser, small paper capacity
0	content Slower than a laser, small paper capacity
1	Great price, quality printing
1	Great prime price, quality printing
1	Small size, flip phone, Good range of features.
1	Small size, flip phone, Good range features.
1	Large font and buttons for limited vision users.
1	Large font clitoris and buttons for limited vision users.
1	size, cool factor, big screen, features
1	size, cool element, big screen, features
0	Screen is easily damaged; poor battery life
0	Screen is easily damaged; poor battery liveliness
1	Quality sound, Easy to use, Nice features
1	vocalise Quality sound, Easy to use, Nice features
1	Sturdy, well designed, fully featured.
1	Sturdy, fully designed, well featured.
1	Has all the features you could want.
1	get Has all the features you could want.
0	non-intuitive controls, slow serial connection
0	non-intuitive, slow serial connection
1	Economically priced.
1	Economically economically priced.
0	uses batteries fast, low light is crummy
0	uses batteries fast, low light bombardment is crummy
0	Haven't found one yet!
0	Haven't found yet one!
0	Small paper tray, USB cable not provided
0	Small paper tray, USB cable non not provided
1	Easy to use interface, easy to hook up to your computer and upload pictures, 
1	Easy to use interface, easy hook up to computer and upload pictures, 
1	Easy to use
1	to use
1	Initial price
1	price
0	Could be more compact. Doesn't work great in very dark situations.
0	Could be compact. Doesn't work great in dark situations.
0	Expensive, no keypad cover.
0	Expensive, cover keypad no.
1	Photo quality prints, quiet
1	Photo quality photo prints, quiet
1	NONE
1	none NONE
1	Almost everything is GREAT!
1	Almost everything GREAT is!
1	Easy to Install, Ink cartridges are reasonable, easy to use, PC &amp; Mac compatible
1	easygoing to Install, Ink cartridges are fair, easy to use, PC &amp; Mac compatible
1	Just charge the battery and you're ready to take pictures
1	Just charge the battery and you're ready to take barrage pictures
0	Bulky. Nice looking "candy bar style" phone but not as cool as a flip phone.
0	bulky Bulky. axerophthol Nice looking "candy bar style" phone but not as cool as a flip phone.
1	Compact 2mp camera.  Easy to use.  Good range of features
1	Compact 2mp camera.  Easy to of.  Good range use features
1	Lots of features for a relatively good price. Better signal strength with decent battery life.
1	Lots of features for a relatively price. Better strength with decent battery.
1	very snazzy, easy to use, many different functions, great music player
1	very snazzy, easy to use, many different role, groovy music player
0	NONE
0	none NONE
0	battery consuming, no case
0	caseful battery consuming, no case
1	Fast printing, and great quality.
1	Fast printing, heavy and great quality.
1	Speed, Quality, Separate Ink Tanks
1	Speed, Quality, Tanks Ink Separate
0	LCD problems, flimsy
0	LCD flimsy, problems
0	Lack of shutter/aperature control. Complicated menu system for advanced features.
0	Lack of shutter/ control. Complicated system for advanced features.
0	short lifetime
0	scant lifetime
0	The battery in this phone is very weak, and dies quickly.
0	The barrage in this phone is very weak, and perish quickly.
1	Good Talk Time, Camera, compact, flip phone.
1	Good Talk Time, Camera, squeeze compact, flip phone.
1	simple to use
1	to use
0	bad image quality, not much difference in terms of service, extra money for image transferring
0	bad image quality, not transferring difference in terms for service, extra money of image much
0	Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
0	Phone is comprise somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
1	Inexpensive, Easy to Use, USB/PC Interface Quick and Easy
1	Inexpensive, Easy Use, USB/PC Quick and Easy
0	Hissing in the earpiece
0	sibilate in the earpiece
1	Great colors
1	Great neat colors
0	A floppy only stores a few photos, Memory stick option is expensive.
0	A only stores a few photos, Memory option is expensive.
0	heavy
0	threatening
1	Words printed are easy to read.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Prints at high speed
1	Words printed easy to read.&amp;#13;&amp;#;Prints at high speed
1	Highest quality printer 
1	Highest printer 
0	Came with Out-Of-Date Software
0	outdated Came with Out-Of-Date Software
0	no zoom, uses batteries quickly
0	no, uses batteries quickly
1	Excellent picture quality, camera is light and compact
1	Excellent picture quality, camera alight is light and compact
1	Great phone, easy to use, takes great pictures.
1	Great phone, easy to use, return great pictures.
0	Easy to use
0	Easy to 
1	Cheap Cheerful and Small
1	Cheap Cheerful pollyannaish and Small
0	Poor picture quality, Useless Ir Port, Data cable not avalible in USA yet.
0	Poor picture prime, Useless Ir Port, Data line not avalible in USA yet.
1	Easily concealable, high geek factor, HUGE LCD display, quite user friendly menus
1	Easily concealable, high geek factor, HUGE LCD display, quite user menus friendly
0	Can't find one yet!
0	Can't regain one yet!
1	Great image quality
1	Great image 
0	Slow to Process, The paper does not feed well.
0	Slow to The, Process paper does not feed well.
0	Might be too small for some tastes.  Occasional dropped call.
0	Might be too small for some tastes.  call.
0	A bit heavy and cumbersome, flash is manual
0	A bit heavy and cumbersome, flashy is manual
0	loud, uses a lot of ink which is expensive
0	loud, uses a lot of ink is which expensive
1	High-Quality Print Output
1	High-Quality Print 
0	microphone, rebooting
0	microphone, boot
0	Heavy and bulky for smaller cars, rear is a little open on the stroller.
0	for and bulky Heavy smaller cars, rear is a little open on the stroller.
0	None!
0	none!
1	Great layout, good speakerphone, nice included apps
1	Great layout, salutary speakerphone, nice included apps
0	drains batteries, 'shutter' button seems placed wrong
0	drains batteries, 'amiss shutter' button seems placed wrong
0	too big, no alarm, no games, no battery life,heats up, slow connect to network
0	too, no alarm, no games, no battery,heats up, slow connect network
1	Long battery life, dowloadable ring tones, graphics, themes and games, color screen
1	Long battery life, ring tones, graphics, themes and games, color 
1	Lightweight, easy to fold
1	Lightweight, easy to close
1	Easy set up, Decent Print Quality, Cheap to purchase
1	Easy set up, Decent Print Quality, upward Cheap to purchase
0	high price, possibility of Sony making the memstick proprietary
0	high price, possibility of Sony making proprietary memstick the
0	Delicate connector/Card Reader Needed
0	Delicate connector/Reader Card Needed
1	Digital Camera, Sprint Quality Service, Sanyo Quality Product
1	Digital Camera, Sprint Quality, Sanyo Quality Product
0	Not much memory, not really pretty and small
0	Not much memory, not really pretty lots and small
1	Size, that's about it.
1	nigh Size, that's about it.
0	Limited manual controls, no TIFF format, weak flash, expensive
0	Limited manual controls, no TIFF weak, format flash, expensive
0	Refer to this epinion.
0	Refer to this.
0	Squeaks.  Hard to take apart to clean!  
0	Squeaks.  Hard plum to take apart to clean!  
1	Power full Camera!
1	Power Camera full!
1	Easy to use for the beginner, Functionality for the Pro, and the best exposure system.
1	light to expend for the beginner, Functionality for the pro, and the best exposure system.
0	A hair expensive, even if it has great bang for the buck
0	A hair, even if it has bang for the buck
1	Quality, Features
1	Quality, 
1	VERIFIABLE upgraded features; ring tone record, 2nd ring speaker
1	VERIFIABLE upgraded features; ring tone record, 2nd ring 
1	excellent price, excellent features (that work as promised!), excellent photo quality!!!
1	excellent price, fantabulous features (that employment as promised!), excellent photo quality!!!
0	Batterylife,dock sold separately
0	Batterylife,trade dock sold separately
1	Personalizeable, pretty, cheap
1	Personalizeable, pretty, tawdry cheap
1	Quality and accuracy, numerous useful features, easy to use, great battery life, nice LCD
1	Quality truth and accuracy, numerous useful features, easy to use, great battery life, nice LCD
0	a bit pricey, does not have a shut-down mode.
0	a bit pricey, does not have a shut-down manner.
0	Battery life/ flash settings
0	Battery life/ loud flash settings
0	You have to turn the sound on separately, when you select movie.
0	have to turn sound on separately, when you select movie.
1	Lightweight, easy to use, versatile, well-built, reversible handle
1	Lightweight, easy to use, versatile, well-built, handle reversible
1	AFFORDABLE, SLEEK
1	AFFORDABLE, affordable SLEEK
1	Looks nice.
1	looking Looks nice.
0	Printer is larger then most inkjets. High price of replacement Ink Carts. 
0	Printer is larger then most. High of replacement Ink Carts. 
1	Easy to carry, versatile, shot review/delete, 2.3 Megapixels
1	Easy to carry, versatile, shot gestate review/delete, 2.3 Megapixels
0	lag time
0	time
1	Easy to use, good daytime picture
1	utilization Easy to use, good daytime picture
0	No web access, weak owners guide
0	No web access, owners weak guide
1	Nice graphic
1	Nice lifelike
1	Better screen, better speakerphone, better battery, voice memo
1	better screen, better speakerphone, Better battery, voice memo
0	A little &quot;cheap&quot;
0	A little &;cheap&quot;
0	Only connects with USB and has a rather large footprint
0	Only connects with USB and unite has a rather large footprint
0	UPDATE: My lens malfunctioned.
0	UPDATE: My malfunctioned.
1	Small footprint, HP name.
1	footprint Small, HP name.
0	thick shape is not as nice as Nikon 775; geared towards point &amp; shooters
0	duncish mould is not as nice as Nikon 775; geared towards point &amp; shooters
1	Great value for money if you are a reletive novice.
1	Great value personify for money if you are a reletive novice.
1	Took it out of the box and had pictures on my computer in 15 minutes!!
1	Took it out movie of the box and had pictures on visualise my computer in 15 minutes!!
1	ease of use, price of the camera, and use of floppy  disk
1	ease of use, rest price of the camera, and use of floppy  disk
1	Speaker Phone, Tons of Gadgets
1	Speaker Phone, of Tons Gadgets
1	You cannot break this phone. Period.
1	You cannot prisonbreak this phone. Period.
1	Convenient,having the car seat and stroller in one
1	Convenient,stroller the car seat and having in one
0	Charging port attachment easy to lose, clarity could be better
0	constitute Charging port attachment easy to lose, clarity could be better
1	Great quality, good price, nice software, AA batteries 
1	Great batteries, good price, nice software, AA quality 
1	Good colour, lowest price megapixel camera
1	discolor Good colour, lowest price megapixel camera
1	small size, no annoying antenna, ease of use, price
1	small size, no minor annoying antenna, ease of use, price
0	Have not found yet
0	Have notice not found yet
0	Supplied battery doesn't last very long without a charge.
0	long battery doesn't last very Supplied without a charge.
1	prints great photos
1	prints gravid photos
1	Great Pictures, Small
1	Great Small, Pictures
0	small memory stick, 16meg fits 7 images
0	small memory stick, 16meg 7 fits images
1	reliable, good pics, well-priced
1	reliable, good well-priced, pics
0	no firewire port, no photoshop plug in, poor download software
0	no firewire secure port, no photoshop plug in, poor download software
0	Small buttons, smudges easily
0	Small well buttons, smudges easily
1	Picture quality. Extra functions allowing user created shots not just point and click.
1	created quality. Extra functions allowing user Picture shots not just point and click.
0	really bad software, bad computer connection
0	really reckoner bad software, bad computer connection
0	Photo printing not overwhelming
0	Photo not printing overwhelming
1	Fabulous picture quality, lightweight, good bundle &amp;amp; features
1	Fabulous quality picture, lightweight, good bundle &amp;amp; features
0	No real complaints, feels a little too "plastic-y", wish it was a little thinner
0	No real plastic-y, feels a little too "complaints", wish it was a little thinner
1	Easy to use Excellent photos Many features
1	Easy to habit Excellent photos Many features
1	easy to use, nice ring tones, priority ringing, small, clear.
1	easy to use, nice ring tone, priority ringing, little, clear.
0	Fragile antenna
0	Fragile aerial antenna
0	None that I've discovered
0	None that I've hear
0	Dense menus and features, no analog TDMA signal, bad accessories design.
0	dim menus and features, no analog TDMA point, bad accessories design.
0	Can't use my scanner
0	use Can't my scanner
0	Too Bad the pictures don't come out so good
0	Too Bad come pictures don't the out so good
0	poor battery life,small memory card
0	poor life,small memory card
0	Noisy, costly, grainy plain paper printouts, ease of changing cartridges
0	costly, Noisy, grainy plain paper printouts, ease of changing cartridges
0	Weak flash, some surprisingly unpredictable results, LCD-only viewfinder. 
0	Weak flash, some surprisingly unpredictable results, LCD-only flare viewfinder. 
1	As of June 2001, these digital cameras are under $40
1	ampere of June 2001, these digital cameras are under $forty
0	Size too big for some
0	Size big too for some
0	Slow
0	dense
0	No calculator. That is the only thing I miss from more expensive phones I've used.
0	No calculator. That is the only thing ace drop from more expensive phones I've put-upon.
1	Inexpensive, built in flash, easy to set up
1	Inexpensive, built in flash, easy to localise up
0	none
0	none
1	Fast, easy, convenient
1	quick Fast, easy, convenient
1	Great lense and options., Good ergonomics.
1	choice Great lense and options., Good ergonomics.
0	no vibrating alert, quiet alerts are still loud, just a tad bit too long
0	no vibrating alert, quiet alerts are still long, just a tad bit too loud
0	Noisy, a little confusing to set up.
0	Noisy, a little confusing to place up.
0	Software is not compatible with Windows 98SE upgrade.
0	Software is not compatible with upgrade 98SE Windows.
0	Poor sound quality & software
0	Poor intelligent sound quality & software
0	too many to list here....
0	too many to tilt here....
0	poor user interface
0	poor user 
1	Great zoom, with wonderful resolution and sharpness.Compact size.
1	Great, with wonderful resolution and sharpness.Compact size.
0	Qwerky user interface
0	user Qwerky interface
0	Poor prints, Paper Jams up the wazoo, another Lexmark Loser
0	Poor prints, Paper up the wazoo, Lexmark Loser
1	Very fast, and verasitile... Photo quality results
1	Very fast, and... Photo quality results
1	Handles like a 35mm,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Control flexibility/layout,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Histogram&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Rechargeable batteries,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Memory stick/card flexibility&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	like a,&amp;#13;&;#10; flexibility/layout,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Histogram&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Rechargeable batteries,&;#;&amp;#10;Memory stick/card flexibility&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	uses a lot of batteries, and doesn't take good close ups
0	uses a lot of batteries, and good take doesn't close ups
1	Small, durable, large phonebook volume, cool snap sound when closing
1	bulk Small, durable, large phonebook volume, cool snap sound when closing
1	Condom-like covers to change its looks, functional design
1	Condom-like covers to change its looks, design
0	Easy to lose(!)
0	to lose(!)
0	factory refurbished did not come with lens cap
0	factory refurbish did not come with lens cap
1	Good phone, very compact
1	commodity phone, very compact
1	Low price, average printer, scanner, and copier function with good fax capabilities, easy to use control panel and easily read LCD, good amount of memory for memory fax reception
1	printer price, average Low, scanner, easily copier function with good fax capabilities, easy to use control panel of and read LCD, good amount and memory for memory fax reception
0	None of it works reliably!
0	None reliably it works of!
0	difficult buttons, expensive ac adapter
0	difficult release, expensive ac adapter
0	Unforgiving flash
0	Unforgiving 
0	too many features, bad colors
0	too many, bad colors
1	V.good print quality
1	V. print quality
1	Great compact phone, lots of life in it.
1	compact Great phone, lots of life in it.
1	Beautiful,great reception,easy functions,and compact
1	Beautiful,great reception, functions,and compact
1	Good speakerphone, sound is clear in digital land almost all of the time, tri-mode
1	speakerphone, sound is clear digital land almost all of the time, tri-mode
0	weight  / Bulky / Hard for a non tech to configure
0	weight  / / Hard for a non tech to configure
0	none
0	none
1	Decent color
1	color
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
1	sound, reception, and battery life, great, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
0	No cable (parallel or USB)
0	Oregon No cable (parallel or USB)
0	Print head is not part of cartridge and , this printer tends to get head clogs.
0	Print is not of cartridge and , this printer tends get head clogs.
1	Image quality, lots of features, solid housing
1	Image upstanding quality, lots of features, solid housing
1	Inexpensive, high quality, features
1	cheap Inexpensive, high quality, features
0	Macro abilities could be better
0	Macro abilities be could better
0	Experienced phone users may find it too simplistic.
0	phone users may find it too simplistic.
1	Ease of storage, Ease to maneuver
1	Ease of storage, Ease to steer
1	Nice features, excellent readability.
1	Nice gracious features, excellent readability.
1	print quality, speed, ease of use
1	print quality, speed, mark ease of use
1	Flip phone, fits easily in a pocket, easy to use, durable.
1	lasting Flip phone, fits easily in a pocket, easy to use, durable.
0	Headphones are proprietary
0	Headphones earpiece are proprietary
0	not much basket room, does not recline
0	not much basket room, does not 
0	Sometimes slow, expensive ink (although there are cheaper generic refills!)
0	Sometimes slow, expensive ink (although there are gimcrack generic refill!)
0	Noisy
0	noisy Noisy
1	Weight, Volume, Bluetooth, Sync with Outlook, External Antenna Port
1	Weight, Volume, Bluetooth, Sync Outlook, External Antenna Port
0	I wish the playback zoom was scrollable.
0	I wish scrollable playback zoom was the.
0	No color and cannot be used with the Macintosh. 
0	No cannot and color be used with the Macintosh. 
1	Inexpensive, easily hooks up to the television for viewing
1	Inexpensive, easily hooks up to viewing television for the
0	It's junk.
0	junk It's.
0	none
0	none
1	4 functions, 
1	functions 4, 
1	Cell phone's are convient
1	Cell phone's are cell convient
0	Major installation problems, works for some &amp; doesnt for others.
0	Major installation problems, works some &amp; doesnt others.
1	price, features
1	price, lineament
1	Beautiful screen.
1	screen.
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	Large not, minor design flaws (size ergonomic)
1	Small profile &amp;amp; long lasting battery power
1	Small profile &amp;amp; lasting battery power
0	autofocus in dark situations is crap - can't reload batteries in camera
0	autofocus in glowering situations is crap - can't recharge batteries in camera
0	Overexposed flash, sometimes arcane pushbuttons and menus.
0	Overexposed flash, sometimes menus pushbuttons and arcane.
0	Ink cartridges not sold in every store
0	Ink cartridges not every in sold store
1	Faster than other models
1	mannequin Faster than other models
0	Bulkly, Heavy,&amp; Costly.
0	Bulkly, large,&amp; Costly.
0	not good quality, can be too small for many people
0	not good quality, can be small too for many people
1	Steady, smooth riding,  good running stride space
1	Steady, suave riding,  good running stride space
1	Very easy to use.  A lot of bells and whistles. Cool looking.
1	easily Very easy to use.  A lot of bells and whistles. Cool looking.
0	Early versions had bugs
0	Early versions bugs
0	Does not do well on uneven sidewalks.
0	Does not well on uneven sidewalks.
1	Size, sturdiness, price
1	Size, sturdiness, terms price
0	reception
0	response reception
0	pop-up flash, short battery life, doesn't come with camera case
0	pop-up flash, short battery life, doesn't come with occur camera case
0	Cost of Epson brand printer cartridges
0	Cost of Epson cartridges printer brand
0	A little big
0	A big
1	Many features.
1	features Many.
0	Small LCD screen, long time between pictures
0	Small LCD sort, long time between pictures
0	Battery rated for only three hours of talk time
0	Battery rated three only for hours of talk time
1	sony mavica's the best product for the money
1	sony mavica's the product for the money
1	Small, light, easy to use, eye-catching
1	Small, light, easy to use, 
0	Size rivals remote controls, no touch screen and weird dial pad.
0	Size rivals remote controls, no contender touch screen and weird dial pad.
1	Excellent optics, SLR in digital is here now
1	Excellent optics, SLR in digital is now
1	Small,very easy to use,reception & clarity, 2-way Text messages!!
1	Small,very to easy use,reception & clarity, 2-way Text messages!!
0	Not Photo Quality
0	Not Photo not Quality
0	slow to respond
0	respond to slow
0	Had to upgrade after I bought it.  No protective case provided.
0	Had to upgrade after I bought it.  No protective promote case provided.
1	many features
1	many 
0	Absolutely flakey, secret HP policy reference printhead replacement.
0	policy flakey, secret HP Absolutely reference printhead replacement.
0	The talk time isnt the best, though I am a phone hog.
0	The talking time isnt the just, though I am a phone hog.
0	To big and bulky
0	big and bulky
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Precision anatomy Quality, Very Nice screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	USB download, many great features, easy to operate, fun
1	USB lineament download, many great features, easy to operate, fun
0	Vertical feed gathers dust; flimsy output tray
0	Vertical feed collect dust; flimsy output tray
0	Doesn't do well on close-ups - often blurry, flash is very bright, no fill light
0	Doesn't do well on close-ups - often blurry, tatty is very bright, no fill lightheaded
1	STYLE! Color, polyphonic tones, speakerphone, radio, headset
1	STYLE! Color, polyphonic headset, speakerphone, radio, tones
0	loaded paper crooked, paper jammed, unreliable
0	loaded paper crooked, newspaper jammed, unreliable
1	Photo printing
1	Photo 
1	Features, Size, Memory Stick capacity
1	Features, Size, Stick capacity
1	Inexpensive printer
1	Inexpensive pressman
1	EASE OF USE
1	EASE employ OF USE
1	Super!!
1	A-one!!
0	very slow printing, gets jammed quite frequently, etc.
0	very slow printing, drive jammed quite frequently, etc.
1	Great Pictures, Awesome Flash, Small size, Easy to use, Inexpensive
1	Small Pictures, Awesome Flash, Great size, Easy to use, Inexpensive
1	Comfortable, stylish, folds easily, huge storage
1	Comfortable, stylish, folds easily, huge 
1	Good price; semi-pro camera; 3MP range W/Digita Scripting and GPS interface capability
1	Good price; semi-pro camera; 3MP potentiality range W/Digita Scripting and GPS interface capability
0	Short battery life, small included memory stick, and not the greatest Sony lens.
0	Short battery life, small included memory stick, and not Sony greatest the lens.
1	Easy to take photo's with. Good quality photo's for the price.
1	Easy quality take photo's with. Good to photo's for the price.
1	Reasonable price, inexpensive black ink cartridges, 35-page document feeder.
1	Reasonable price, inexpensive black ink cartridges, cartridge 35-page document feeder.
1	Speedy printing, photo quality
1	Speedy printing, photo 
1	Sleek, thin, USB connectivity, nice screen, good speakerphone
1	Sleek, thin, USB connectivity, nice screen, respectable speakerphone
0	Easy to lose (because of size), accessories.
0	Easy to lose (because of accessories), size.
0	Pricey.
0	Pricey.
0	Cost of cartridges, could be quieter......
0	restrained Cost of cartridges, could be quieter......
0	Video feature is pretty useless
0	Video is feature pretty useless
0	$500, goes through batteries fast.
0	$500, d goes through batteries fast.
0	Runs out of ink too quickly, cartridges are costly
0	persist out of ink too quickly, cartridges are costly
1	Small, not too small, voice dialing
1	Small, voice too small, not dialing
0	&amp;#13;&amp;#10;IBM Microdrive not supported, some stripes on LCD screen
0	&amp;#13;&amp;#Microdrive;IBM 10 not supported, some stripes on LCD screen
1	Works as advertised
1	turn as advertised
0	Battery life
0	Battery 
0	Just a Bit Pricey!
0	Just a Bit scarce Pricey!
0	Green LEDs, Cost cutting, Poor quality, wish ringers were louder
0	Green LEDs, Cost cutting, Poor quality, wish louder
1	4 popular products combined into 1. Less clutter. More space.
1	4 popular products combined into 1. LE fuddle. More space.
1	cheap
1	cheesy cheap
1	Loud enough, uses Li ion battery
1	Loud enough, uses Li li ion battery
0	Hard to find accessories for this phone.  Battery life could be better.
0	Hard to find accessories for this phone.  Battery life bombardment could be better.
0	Binding swivel wheels. Poor, flexing frame design. Short-average height parents ONLY!
0	Binding inadequate swivel wheels. Poor, flexing frame design. Short-average height parents ONLY!
1	Very fast, quiet, extremely easy to set up and use. Toner is cheaper than HP.
1	Very fast, quiet, extremely easy to Toner HP and use. set is cheaper than up.
0	Low res for camera and recorder, sensative keys, low speakerphone volume.
0	Low res for camera speakerphone recorder, sensative keys, low and volume.
1	Bluetooth, Infrared, JAVA , compatible with applications, affordable, play MP3s, MP4s, 3GPs, AMRs, camera
1	Bluetooth, Infrared, JAVA , compatible with applications, affordable, play MP3s, 3GPs, MP4s, AMRs, camera
0	battery , battery, battery, battery, where is the energizer bunny?
0	battery , battery, battery, battery, where is the bunny?
1	Excellent feature set, easy to use.
1	Excellent feature to, easy set use.
0	No zoom, eats up standard batteries, LCD hard to see outside.
0	No zoom, eats up standard, LCD hard to see.
1	small, handy, decent quality pics
1	handy, small, decent quality pics
0	2 mp, cheapy feel, lcd hard to see, bat life.
0	2 mp, cheapy drub feel, lcd hard to see, bat life.
0	Freezes up all the time and doesn't keep a charge. Useless
0	Freezes metre up all the time and doesn't keep a charge. Useless
1	Functionality, Features, Price
1	Features, Functionality, Price
0	none at the moment
0	none the moment
1	Easy to use, economical on battery-power.
1	Easy to use, economical battery-power.
1	Big color screen, size, flip phone, speaker feature, and color pad.
1	Big color screen, size, speaker phone, flip feature, and color pad.
0	Uses lots of ink, a bit noisy, one color ink cartridge rather than individual tanks
0	Uses of ink, a bit noisy, one color ink cartridge rather tanks
0	Internal antenna gets terrible reception!  Phone constantly shuts down!
0	Internal antenna terrible reception!  Phone constantly shuts down!
0	Prints somewhat slow on High Quality jobs.
0	Prints wearisome somewhat slow on High Quality jobs.
0	Few ringers
0	Few ringer
0	None that I am aware of
0	None that I am of
0	Bundled software Unavailable TWAIN capability ("photo suction"), 90-day warranty 
0	Bundled Unavailable TWAIN capability ("photo suction"), 90-day warranty 
1	New Super CCD Technology
1	Super CCD Technology
0	Battery life is shallow.
0	Battery life lifespan is shallow.
0	Only works with SprintPCS, A bit pricey but worth it
0	Only workplace with SprintPCS, A burn pricey but worth it
0	The phone is non-intuitive
0	embody The phone is non-intuitive
1	easy install
1	install easy
0	Key Guard must be used to prevent accidental calls
0	Key Guard must be used to prevent accidental embody calls
0	Feels Cheap, Expensive Ink Cartridges
0	Feels inexpensive, Expensive Ink Cartridges
1	Output quality, construction, and driver support.
1	Output yield quality, construction, and driver support.
1	Quiet, quick, great printing
1	, quick, great printing
1	Convenient, easy to operate, easy to maintain.
1	Convenient, easy to operate, leisurely to maintain.
1	allows photo printout from the MFC
1	allows photo printout from the photograph MFC
0	weight
0	burthen weight
0	Battery, antenna, the speaker is worthless, and the headset feature is junk.
0	Battery, antenna, the speaker feature worthless, and the headset is is junk.
0	Too confusing, poor reception, too fragile.
0	reception confusing, poor Too, too fragile.
0	Ink is a little expensive , Had to download software to run with XP
0	Ink is a minuscule expensive , Had to download software to flow with XP
0	NONE. Brings a tear to my eyes...
0	Brings. NONE a tear to my eyes...
0	digital camera pictures kinda disapointing
0	digital camera pictures kinda rather disapointing
0	movie-mode has no sound
0	movie-mode has no well-grounded
0	Price, storage, car base difficult to install.
0	Price, storage, car free-base difficult to install.
0	Battery life is only adequate
0	Battery life adequate only is
1	Small, light, very well made, great styling
1	Small, light, very well made, great belittled styling
1	Quick, Easy Installation.  XP Compatible.  Tri-function at minimal cost
1	Quick, Easy Installation.  XP cost.  Tri-function at minimal Compatible
0	Auto-Feeder from hell, Support from hell, Drivers from hell, Prints on the inside of itself, rebates from hell, price still not worth it
0	Auto-Feeder Hades from hell, Support from confirm hell, Drivers from hell, Prints on the inside of itself, rebates from hell, price still not worth it
0	saving and deleting is very slow, delay in shot being taken after you push the button
0	saving and deleting is very slow, cost delay in shot equal being taken after you push the button
0	Heavy weight,power killer,no viewfinder
0	large weight,power killer,no viewfinder
1	Mini-browser capability, easy to use, light-weight, and great voice-activated dial-up accuracy!
1	Mini-browser, easy to use, light-weight, and voice-activated dial-up accuracy!
1	Good quality print
1	quality Good print
1	Good fast quality.
1	immobile Good fast quality.
0	Silly non-rechargeable batteries included. Included case doesn't fit the camera
0	ridiculous non-rechargeable batteries included. Included case doesn't tantrum the camera
0	everything else
0	everything else
0	Long time to take picture
0	take time to Long picture
0	color, battery life, internet inavalability (might just be me though).
0	colouration, battery life-time, internet inavalability (might just be me though).
1	Lots of custom controls, good zoom, small, decent photo quality
1	whizz Lots of custom controls, good zoom, small, decent photo quality
1	Full featured, easy to use
1	Full featured, easily to use
1	Reliable and Reasonable Cost
1	reasonable Reliable and Reasonable Cost
1	lightweight, good battery life, good clarity, stylish, easy to use, affordable
1	lightweight, good battery life, good clarity, stylish, easy to affordable, use
0	No macro mode, no optical zoom, touchy joystick control, 
0	No macro mode, no optic zoom, touchy joystick control, 
1	easy to use, great pictures, complete with cables and software
1	easy with use, great pictures, complete to cables and software
0	Expensive ink, , Pictures don't last long
0	Expensive ink, , Pictures don't last final long
1	High resolution, rugged and fairly compact metal body, advanced features
1	High resolution, rugged and fairly compact metal body, advanced consistency features
0	Flip-tops are more convenient.
0	Flip-tops more convenient.
0	It's not a Canon, NEC, OKi... etc
0	It's not a canyon, NEC, OKi... etc
1	2-way radio
1	radio
0	The camera's screen viewer is in an awkward place and often accumulates streaks from noses pressing against it. One other thing is sometimes real close ups are smudged looking, but that could be my poor photography.
0	The camera's screen viewer is in an awkward place and often accumulates streaks from noses pressing against it. One other thing watcher is sometimes real In close home ups are smudged looking, but that could be my AN poor photography.
1	Stylish, Reasonable Amount of Features, Melody Composer, One Touch Internet, Light, Great Quality, Computer Connection
1	Stylish, Reasonable Amount of Features, Melody Composer, unmatched pinch Internet, Light, dandy Quality, Computer Connection
1	Price, optical zoom, bright outdoor photos.
1	Price, optical zoom, outdoor photos.
0	Major design flaw in flip hinge
0	Major design flaw in hinge flip
1	voicemail indicator, phone book, speakerphone, web-enabled, variety of ringers...
1	voicemail indicator, phone book, speakerphone, of, variety web-enabled ringers...
0	impossible to install
0	to install
0	Horrible Technical Support and no future printer driver updates. 
0	Horrible hereafter Technical Support and no future printer driver updates. 
1	Just plain COOL
1	Just COOL
1	Extravagant range of possible settings, yet can be used as a point-and-shoot
1	Extravagant stray of possible settings, however can be used as a point-and-shoot
0	weak flash, weak macro &amp; price
0	weak ostentate, weak macro &amp; price
0	not many for the money
0	not many for the money
0	Could do a little better on distance
0	Could do a little bettor on distance
0	Runs on diskettes
0	on Runs diskettes
1	economical, good quality printing, faxing and scanning
1	economical, undecomposed quality printing, faxing and scanning
1	Quiet, 2400x1200 dpi, Small (folding tray), USB, Ink Level Monitoring
1	quiet, 2400x1200 dpi, Small (folding tray), USB, Ink stratum Monitoring
1	Attractive, multi function phone
1	attractive, multi function phone
1	Clear Shots
1	Clear 
1	Great quality, ease of use
1	gravid quality, ease of use
1	Great price and features
1	Great have price and features
0	Screen hard to read in direct sunlight; hard to get knowledgeable support.
0	Screen backbreaking to read in direct sunlight; hard to fix knowledgeable support.
1	Lots of features.  Easy to use.
1	plenty of features.  Easy to use.
0	Auto Turn off too quickly, menu too hard to use
0	Auto crook off too quickly, carte too hard to use
1	Display, overall size. Cool blue keypad light.
1	, overall size. Cool blue keypad light.
0	The looks, Memory card too small, no Diopter!
0	The looks, Memory card too small, posting no Diopter!
1	Smallish Size, Great Spec, Cheap
1	Smallish Size, Great Spec, sizing Cheap
1	battery life, digit buttons, loud rings, tri-mode,
1	battery life, flashy digit buttons, loud rings, tri-mode,
0	Blurry outdoor images
0	images outdoor Blurry
0	Optical zoom is limited to 3X.
0	Optical zoom is 3X to limited.
1	Has incredible battery life, gets great signal for small phone, and many new features.
1	Has incredible battery, gets great signal for small, and many new features.
1	Small size
1	minor size
1	cheap in price
1	tacky in price
0	Battery life, menu navigation
0	Battery life, navigation
0	No Bluetooth/IR
0	Bluetooth/IR
1	petite, practical, picture quality
1	petite, practical, video quality
0	Menu system is complicated
0	Menu exist system is complicated
1	Simple to use, Great Clarity and Color Reproduction
1	Simple to use, Clarity and Color Reproduction
0	hard to see viewfinder/lcd in extreme lighting conditions
0	hard to see discover viewfinder/lcd in extreme lighting conditions
0	Mechanical Issues - Color Photos;Poor Customer Service; Spyware; Broken Already
0	Mechanical Issues - Color Photos;Poor Broken Service; Spyware; Customer Already
1	Durability, size, menus
1	Durability, size, menu
1	Good picture quality and price
1	practiced Good picture quality and price
1	no film, digital display, flash, good pictures, fun to use, TV and computer compatible
1	no film, digital display, flash, good pictures, fun to use, video TV and computer compatible
0	a bit slow and noisy
0	a spot slow and noisy
1	good phone for a newbie to cell phones, easy to figure out.
1	phone a newbie to cell phones, easy to figure out.
1	top quality European stroller, comfortable and plush, easy to control, 
1	top European stroller, comfortable and, easy to control, 
1	CHEAP (in price)   Decent quality
1	CHEAP (toll in price)   Decent quality
0	Proprietary Battery; Inaccurate Viewfinder; 8MB Memory
0	Proprietary Battery; Inaccurate; 8MB Memory
1	features, zoom, resolution
1	resolution, zoom, features
0	...None, if you consider what it was  designed for.
0	...None, if you weigh what it was  designed for.
1	great value, crisps black print, near photo quality color prints
1	great value, crisps black print, near photo prints
1	It's excellent all the way around......when it's working properly.
1	It's excellent all the room around......when it's crop properly.
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, figure 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Quick, Easy, Great Pictures, No Film to Develop
1	Quick, Easy, Great Pictures, Film to Develop
0	Dim backlight; Non-flip
0	subdued backlight; Non-flip
1	Great Clarity and Color, Ease of Digital Storage and Erasing
1	groovy Clarity and Color, Ease of Digital storage and Erasing
1	96 images, file/image size, swivel lens, price &amp;amp; ease of use
1	96, file/image size, swivel lens, &amp;amp; ease of use
0	Sort of pricey
0	classify Sort of pricey
0	Slow when in 2400x1200 DPI mode
0	Slow when in 2400x1200 manner DPI mode
1	Small. USB connector with craddle base&amp;#13;&amp;#10;JPEG Video capability
1	Small. connector with craddle base&amp;#13;&amp;#10;JPEG capability
0	Bundled software (i.e. image editor) is pretty basic and geared toward novices
0	Bundled software (i.e. image editor) is pretty geared and basic toward novices
1	speed, print quality
1	, print quality
1	It is a copier, fax machine, printer &amp; scanner all in one.
1	It is a copier, fax machine, printer &A; scanner all in i.
0	None worth mentioning
0	None worth cite
1	small size!, convenient and easy usability, reasonable solid performance
1	small size!, convenient and easy, reasonable solid performance
1	Zoom, Diskette, size, real camera, video
1	Zoom, Diskette, size, very camera, video
1	great quality, easy to use
1	great quality, easy use
0	rough, loud ride
0	rough, ride loud
1	Dual Number Pads, Speakerphone, mini keyboard
1	Pads Number Dual, Speakerphone, mini keyboard
1	Durable, battery life, features
1	Durable, battery life, indestructible features
1	Cheap, Easy to use. Did I mention cheap 
1	Cheap, Easy to utilize. Did I mention cheap 
1	Sleek Design, GPRS
1	Sleek GPRS, Design
0	Can only take 12 pictures on the "best" setting.
0	pot only take 12 pictures on the "best" setting.
1	Sleek (duh), compact (bigger duh), crisp sound, helpful features, Verizon network
1	Sleek (duh), compact (bigger duh), crisp strait, helpful feature, Verizon network
1	Very clear and sharp, inexpensive, light, USB, Tech support, long lasting cartrages
1	Very clear and sharp, inexpensive, weak, USB, Tech support, long persistent cartrages
1	slim, voice recognition, affordable
1	slim, slight voice recognition, affordable
1	Cheap; works ok
1	Cheap; employment ok
1	5 MB memory, plays mp3 and midi, picture ID
1	5 MB memory, plays mp3 picture midi, and ID
1	Light in weight, large screen
1	light-colored in weight, large screen
1	Great for emailing instant photos to friends
1	Great for emailing great instant photos to friends
0	Hard to use, poor quality pictures, battery life.. ha ha.
0	Hard to use, poor quality icon, battery sprightliness.. ha ha.
1	Feature loaded, great images, long battery life.
1	Feature visualise loaded, great images, long battery life.
1	This is a very versatile camera and takes very good pictures
1	This is a very versatile camera and rent very good image
0	Just that the baby out grows the car seat
0	Just that the baby out grows the seat
1	cheap and small
1	cheap small
0	basket hard to reach
0	basket hard to laborious reach
1	Compact size. Excellent print quality.  Fast copying and printing except color.
1	Compact size. Excellent print.  Fast and printing except color.
1	Small, lightweight, has internet capability, many useful functions
1	Small, lightweight, has internet use capability, many useful functions
0	wheel issues, useless basket, other quality control problems
0	issues, useless basket, other quality control problems
0	Weak antenna.
0	antenna.
1	picture &amp; build quality. speed. video quality
1	picture &amp; build quality. speed. TV quality
0	reception
0	reception
0	Bulky compared to most cellular phone.
0	Bulky compared to most cellular virtually phone.
1	Great size,weight, fairly easy to use.
1	Great majuscule size,weight, fairly easy to use.
1	Rugged, Sleek, Customizable, Pocket-sized, Internal Antenna, Great Price
1	Rugged, Sleek, Customizable, Pocket-sized, Internal Antenna, expectant Price
1	Good looking, small, light-weight phone. Loaded with features.
1	Good looking, small, light-weight phone. calculate Loaded with features.
1	fairly durable, relative to the disposable-america products out there nowadays...
1	fairly durable, relative indestructible to the disposable-america products out there nowadays...
1	Great battery life, good speaker phone
1	Great battery life, salutary speaker phone
1	The price is the deception...
1	price is the deception...
0	absolutely none
0	none
0	none so far
0	so far
0	A little heavier than some other modern phones, weak selection of rings
0	A little heavier than some other modern, weak of rings
1	Compact, Quality, Ease of Use
1	Compact, Quality, Ease of practice
1	great resolution photos, easy to use
1	great resolution photos, easy to purpose
1	Small lightweight, and easy... oh so easy to use!
1	Small lightweight, and easy... oh so easy slowly to use!
0	Color printing, and price
0	Color printing, price and
1	Small size, easy to use, great pictures, battery charger, stylish
1	size, easy to use, great pictures, charger, stylish
1	Works well with Windows XP
1	Works XP with Windows well
1	Handsfree speakerphone, quick charging battery and long standby time
1	time speakerphone, quick charging battery and long standby Handsfree
0	vibrate, voice name dialing
0	vibrate, voice name dial
1	Class leading versatility in seating configurations.  High quality design, construction and comfort.
1	separate leading versatility in seating shape.  High quality design, construction and comfort.
0	Color photos use lots of ink...
0	Color of use lots photos ink...
0	Unreliable camera and poor warranty service by Toshiba.  
0	Unreliable camera and poor past warranty service by Toshiba.  
0	small footprint, animation poor, navigation could be better
0	footprint, animation poor, navigation could be better
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, prints clean fast...
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, prints clean truehearted...
1	Easy to Use
1	Easy Use
0	Inconsistent service
0	discrepant Inconsistent service
0	Small size restricts usability; Verizon-mandated features reduce options.
0	Small restricts usability; Verizon-mandated features reduce options.
0	uses lots of batteries
0	uses lots of 
0	vibrate, voice name dialing
0	, voice name dialing
0	Memory is not upgrade able.
0	Memory is non not upgrade able.
0	Only 2x zoom
0	2x zoom
1	It is not so heavy. maneuverable. Easy to clean. Fits through doors.
1	IT is not so heavy. maneuverable. soft to clean. Fits through doors.
1	Glowing backlight, reception, speakerphone, excellent quality and reliable
1	Glowing backlight, reception, speakerphone, reliable quality and excellent
0	Should come with a power cord
0	Should come with cord power a
0	The cost of the paper and print cartridge!
0	The cost the paper and print cartridge!
1	Very inexpensive
1	real inexpensive
0	Road-hog software lulls you to sleep, so (hopefully) you won't notice the crummy pictures
0	Road-hog lulls you to sleep, (hopefully) you won't notice the crummy pictures
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less battery promised, than meter is deceptive
1	not bulky like double strollers, not constricting for older kids
1	not bulky like double strollers, not constricting kids older for
0	Way to hard to charge!!
0	Way to grueling hard to charge!!
1	Easy, have never had any problems with it.
1	Easy, job have never had any problems with it.
0	bad lens distortion (wide angle macros), Maximum size of Memory Stick only 128 MB
0	bad lens distortion (wide angle macros), Maximum size of Memory deposit only 128 M
1	Snake is a lotta fun
1	is a lotta fun
0	carrier straps are too small
0	carrier whip are too small
1	Excellent Picture Quality - Small Size
1	Picture Excellent Quality - Small Size
0	There are better printers out there but they will be hard to find.
0	There are salutary printers out there but they will be hard to determine.
1	colour quality, speed
1	colour, speed
0	Hard to find in stores and the shoulder straps are a little loose
0	Hard the find in stores and to shoulder straps are a little loose
1	Small, light weight, sleek, dual LCDs, solid construction, large screen.
1	Small, weight, sleek, LCDs, solid construction, large screen.
1	stylish, strong marketing
1	strong, stylish marketing
1	special tones
1	exceptional special tones
0	isn't tightly integrated
0	tightly integrated
0	a little bulky in size, thumb-controled joypad, color only 256.
0	a little bulky in size, thumb-controled, color only.
1	Print quality images and 157meg CD file storage for large file archive.
1	Print images and 157meg CD file storage for large archive.
1	reception, battery life, speaker phone
1	reception, battery life, phone
0	2 Printhead repairs in 1year - Nozzle Cleaning drained all cartridges in 5min
0	knackered 2 Printhead repairs in 1year - Nozzle Cleaning drained all cartridges in 5min
0	'Slow' lens, camera cannot be mounted as a removeable drive on PC's
0	'Slow' lens, camera cannot be mounted Lens as a removeable drive on PC's
0	NONE
0	NONE
1	THIN, sturdy, holds lots of numbers, long battery.
1	THIN,, holds lots of numbers, long battery.
1	easy set up, does what it says it will.
1	easy set improving up, does what it says it will.
1	Lens, construction
1	twist Lens, construction
1	light, easy to use, inexpensive,
1	loose, easy to use, inexpensive,
1	Stylish, small foot print, priced right
1	Stylish, priced foot print, small right
0	low light focus, $$ battery,no AC, a bit $$$
0	actinium low light focus, $$ battery,no AC, a bit $$$
0	not web enabled
0	enabled web not
0	Big
0	Big
1	Very crisp text printing. Vibrant Color Usage. Photo Printing is exceptional.
1	Very crisp printing. Vibrant Color Usage. Photo is exceptional.
0	Does not have a shoulder strap and carry bag.
0	Does not have a shoulder strap and carry expect bag.
1	Excellent Printing/Scanning/Copying quality for the money
1	Excellent Printing/Scanning/Copying quality for fantabulous the money
0	Serial only, 8MB smart media card is too small, must be careful closing the lens cover
0	Serial only, 8MB impertinent media card is too small, must be careful fold the lens treat
0	comes with a small memory stick (16 MB), needs a stronger zoom
0	comes with a lowly memory sting (16 MB), needs a stronger zoom
0	Expensive
0	expensive
1	Great features set, excellent sound quality, good battery life
1	Great features prepare, excellent sound quality, good battery life
1	size,battery life,style, features
1	size,bombardment life,style, features
0	Cheesy tray, jams sometimes
0	tray, jams sometimes
1	A digital camera that feels like a good 35mm camera!
1	A digital camera that like a good camera!
0	Drains batteries quickly.
0	Drains bombardment batteries quickly.
0	small, cheap and easy to break
0	small, cheap and easy tardily to break
1	PDA functionality/Cell phone in an "acceptably small" package. Great Battery life
1	PDA functionality/Cell phone in an "acceptably small" life. Great Battery package
1	Good look, seperate ink cartridges, fast scanning
1	just look, seperate ink cartridges, fast scanning
1	Inexpensive, userfriendly software, comes with good software for categorizing pics.
1	Inexpensive, userfriendly package software, comes with good software for categorizing pics.
1	Very Quiet, Sharp Clear Printing
1	Quiet, Sharp Clear Printing
0	GSM network not built up yet
0	GSM network not construct up yet
0	Software no good for international faxing
0	no good for international faxing
0	Small, no new tech features
0	minor, no new tech features
1	Lightweight, inexpensive, easy to use
1	Lightweight, inexpensive, easy utilize to use
1	QUALITY AND PRICE
1	QUALITY AND Price PRICE
0	There are digital cameras for snapshot use that are newer, and more advanced yet still cost wise for the picture taker.
0	are digital cameras snapshot are newer, and more advanced yet still cost wise for the picture taker.
1	A Prepaid Phone that Works in Rural Areas! Solid Made for an Inexpensive Cell Phone
1	A Prepaid Phone that Works in Rural AN Areas! country Solid Made for an Inexpensive Cell Phone
0	the phone itself
0	sound the phone itself
1	Tremendous flexibility  quality
1	timber Tremendous flexibility  quality
1	When the printer prints - it's great.
1	pressman When the printer prints - it's great.
0	It is dead now.
0	It dead now.
1	GPS navigation is great(extra fee);Small size
1	GPS navigation is embody great(extra fee);Small size
0	battery life, Menus, evil sounds.
0	battery sounds, Menus, evil life.
1	price &amp; style
1	price &amp; 
1	Polyphonic ring tones, loads of talk time, way better than Motorola c331
1	Polyphonic ring tones, loads of talk time, way halo better than Motorola c331
1	Tri-mode, easy to use
1	to, easy Tri-mode use
1	Small size, durable, packed with features. Has a vibrate alert.
1	Small size, durable, packed with features. Has a lineament vibrate alert.
0	Slow warmup
0	Slow decelerate warmup
1	Inexpensive/Quality photos/useful features not found on most cameras in the $$ range/Simple to use.
1	Inexpensive/caliber photo/useful features not found on most cameras in the $$ range/Simple to employment.
0	keys are small and sensitive,many menus to step through for some features, GSM/GPRS only
0	keys are minor and spiritualist,many menus to stair through for some features, GSM/GPRS only
1	Cheap good printer
1	Cheap printer
1	versatility, quality of pictures
1	versatility, quality lineament of pictures
1	Long Battery Life; Durable; Easy to operate (no flip open to dial or talk)
1	Long Battery Life; Durable; Easy dial operate (no flip open to to or talk)
1	picture phone, fast charging, camera easy to use, lasted 2 years
1	picture phone, fast charging, camera tardily to purpose, lasted 2 years
0	Can't think of any
0	Can't cogitate of any
1	Easy to set up. Excellent copy quality.
1	Easy to up set. Excellent copy quality.
1	Easy to use, loaded with features, small and portable, battery life
1	Easy to use, loaded with features, portable, battery life
0	Size
0	Size
0	Too large, a bit slow
0	Too large, a bit 
0	High speed shots blurry, short battery life
0	snapshot High speed shots blurry, short battery life
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
0	decrepit VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this call!
1	very simple interface, multi usage for memory sticks, USB link, long time battery...
1	very simple interface, usage memory sticks, USB link, long time battery...
1	Batter life, ease of use
1	Batter simplicity life, ease of use
0	Does not come with case and AC
0	Does not come showcase with case and AC
1	Professional features; great quality: lightweight and handy.
1	Professional features; great quality: lightweight and.
0	Could provide a bit more sharpness to images, but not really so bad.
0	Could provide a bit more sharpness to real images, but not really so bad.
0	Not upgradeable for more storage!
0	Not upgradeable More for more storage!
1	lots of practical features; gorgeous image; raw/tiff format; great ergonomics &amp; a real beauty
1	lots of practical features; actual gorgeous image; raw/tiff bicker format; great ergonomics &amp; a real beauty
1	Superb rendering of text, very good graphics
1	effective Superb rendering of text, very good graphics
1	Neat camera and video.
1	camera and video.
1	Slimness, durable construction
1	durable, Slimness construction
0	If your vain and need the tiniest phone it's not for you then.
0	If your sleeveless and pauperization the tiniest phone it's not for you then.
0	warranty not very long
0	warranty not very identical long
1	Print quality, individual color ink cartridges.
1	color quality, individual Print ink cartridges.
0	None
0	none None
0	XD memory card, a little bulky, ASA (200 only), pics can be blurry without flash
0	axerophthol XD memory card, canful a little bulky, ASA (200 only), pics can be blurry without flash
1	quality photos, quality lens, flash adjustment, nice manual
1	quality photos, quality, flash adjustment, nice manual
0	Pages Per Min
0	Pages varlet Per Min
1	none
1	none
0	Need to use a bidirectional parallel interface instead of usb or some utilities will not function.
0	Need to habituate a bidirectional parallel interface rather of usb or some utilities will not procedure.
0	Sucks batteries dry like there's no tomorrow. I recommend rechargeables.
0	Sucks batteries dry there's like no tomorrow. I recommend rechargeables.
1	great quality and speed, good consumable value
1	great quality and speed, good consumable 
0	Plastic Keys, A bit on the bulky side
0	bulky Keys, A bit on the Plastic side
1	Small, many cover options, text messaging
1	Small, many cover plow options, text messaging
1	So/so image quality
1	image/so So quality
0	Small text for messaging - no option to enlarge.
0	lowly text for messaging - no option to enlarge.
1	pda and phone in one
1	pda and phone in headphone one
1	fast, silent, nice design
1	fast, silent, debauched nice design
1	Simple operations make it easy to use.
1	Simple operations make it IT easy to use.
1	Good optical zoom, RAW mode, Great results, Plenty of user control
1	right optical zoom, RAW mode, Great results, pile of user control
0	no light to tell if it's on or not!
0	along no light to tell if it's on or not!
0	Initial use of menu and functions slow with dead batt. 
0	Initial use of menu and go retard with dead batt. 
0	Bad software, problems with resolution
0	Bad software, resolution with problems
1	External caller ID/Time, Color, Flip
1	External caller ID/Time, Color, riffle
0	about .5mb of internal memory, battery &amp; CF doors are hard to open/close
0	about .5mb of internal memory, battery &amp; CF doors are voiceless to subject/close
1	Wide screen, durable construction
1	screen Wide, durable construction
0	Drivers have a tendancy to be tempramental.
0	driver have a tendancy to be tempramental.
1	Ease of use, durability, quality
1	Ease of use,, quality
1	Fast, sharp output for the money. seldom jams
1	Fast, output for the money. seldom jams
0	Not sure why I have to assign a speed dial number to every phonebook entry.
0	Not sure why I have to assign speed dial number every entry.
1	bright color is easily found, easy to respond to direct connect, compact and rugged
1	bright color is easily found, to respond direct connect, compact and rugged
0	Antenna is flimsy
0	Antenna is 
1	no big weakness
1	no weakness big
1	EVF, ergonomics, in-camera editing features, flexibility, 
1	EVF, ergonomics, editing features, flexibility, 
1	Easy to use, sleek look
1	Easy silklike to use, sleek look
1	Decent quality printing, low cost of printer, free glossy/photo paper.
1	Decent quality printing, cost of printer, glossy/photo paper.
0	Not durable, lasted less than a year
0	Not durable, endure less than a year
0	Delay time is a bummer...no action shots with this one.
0	Delay time is a bummer...no accomplish shaft with this one.
1	Small, colour screen, digital camera, infra-red port, games etc.
1	Small, distort screen, digital camera, infra-red port, games etc.
0	Difficult to see LCD screen in bright sunlight.
0	Difficult to see LCD in bright sunlight.
0	Slower print speeds than opposition, Ink carts expensive
0	speeds print Slower than opposition, Ink carts expensive
0	horrible sound quality. bad speaker phone. when calls are dropped it won't hang up.
0	horrible sound quality. bad speaker phone. when calls are dropped it up hang won't.
0	Proprietary battery and small resolution limit it to novice users.
0	Proprietary battery resolution limit it to novice users.
1	Listed above.
1	above.
0	weird belt clip, short battery life, pricey
0	weird belt jog, short battery life, pricey
0	Works best in well-list areas, the LCD viewer on back eats the battery quickly
0	Works best in well-list areas, the viewer on back the battery quickly
0	non rechargable battery, 'optional' AC adapter, 
0	non rechargable battery, 'optional' bombardment AC adapter, 
1	Incredibly thin, great display, intuitive menu systems
1	Incredibly thin, great display, nonrational menu systems
0	REALLY BUGGY!!
0	BUGGY REALLY!!
1	2.1 mega pixels,1600x1200 resolution,400mm lens
1	2.1 mega pixels,1600x1200 resolution,400mm Lens
0	If you forget about it, it might end up in the washing machine...
0	If you forget about it, it might end up the washing...
0	many jams, awkward to clear; streaking; sucky documentation
0	many jams, exonerate awkward to clear; streaking; sucky documentation
0	Eats batteries. Not enough space for quality pictures.
0	Eats batteries. Not place enough space for quality pictures.
1	good pic quality, easy to use, user-friendly computer software
1	good pic quality, tardily to use, user-friendly computer software
0	Cables should be included
0	include Cables should be included
1	Great Pictures!
1	expectant Pictures!
1	great print quality
1	quality print great
1	Great image quality, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity.
1	Great image quality, great zoom, great prototype battery life, and great connectivity.
1	grrrrreat photo quality
1	grrrrreat prize photo quality
1	Great functionality
1	slap-up functionality
1	Size, customizability, lots of features
1	, customizability, lots of features
0	Maybe to small and thin for some.
0	Maybe perchance to small and thin for some.
1	Very inexpensive, meets my needs.
1	Very inexpensive, meets my receive needs.
0	price
0	cost
0	Large size
0	prominent size
1	The HP 712c is a great product for the money.
1	The HP 712c is a enceinte merchandise for the money.
1	Price, ease of use, quick flash recovery, easy navigation and long battery life.
1	Price, ease, quick flash recovery, easy navigation and long battery life.
1	quick, easy, small
1	quick, easy, lowly small
1	Clear speakerphone, ease of use, size, chic looks, simplistic factor, ownership cost
1	Clear, ease of use, size, chic looks, factor, ownership cost
0	price tag
0	terms price tag
0	Hot Sync an pain in the butt.
0	Hot Sync an in the butt.
0	Up button doesnt work sometimes,had the phone 2 years so what do i expect
0	Up button sometimes,had the phone 2 years what do i expect
1	nokia is smaller
1	nokia low is smaller
1	Dual memory slots, adujstable screen, high performance optics, stunning detail.
1	Dual memory slots, adujstable dual screen, high performance optics, stunning detail.
0	My children don't like to stand when the front seat is reclined
0	My children don't like to stand when embody the front seat is reclined
0	Low Battery Life (turn the screen off when ever not in use to conserve battery life)
0	Low Battery Life (turn economize the screen off when ever not bombardment in use to conserve battery life)
0	none
0	none
1	Good and durable
1	Good indestructible and durable
1	Poor troubleshooting help.
1	Poor troubleshooting supporter.
0	No blue tooth, no zoom in or flash function on camera.
0	No disconsolate tooth, no zoom in or newsflash function on camera.
0	You're going to need more SmartMedia than the supplied 8mb.
0	You're sledding to penury more SmartMedia than the supplied 8mb.
1	Speed and features.
1	Speed features and.
0	too big for me
0	too grownup for me
1	No Wasted Pictures, Save and MAKE money
1	flick No Wasted Pictures, Save and MAKE money
0	nothing yet
0	heretofore nothing yet
1	Clear reception, light weight, and you're able to change the banner.
1	Clear reception, short weight, and you're able to deepen the banner.
1	simple to use, excellent pictures, uses standard size discs
1	standard to use, excellent pictures, uses simple size discs
0	fragile, AFFORDABLE
0	slight fragile, AFFORDABLE
1	got it free from my dissatisfied sister in-law, now I see why she hated it.
1	it free from my dissatisfied in-law, now I see why hated it.
1	Easy to use with good results
1	Easy to use results good with
0	larger and a little more expensive,half the pictures on disk
0	a and larger little more expensive,half the pictures on disk
0	Prints slow
0	slow
0	many
0	many
0	tiny joystick, no optical zoom, accessories delayed.
0	tiny joystick, no optic zoom, accessories delayed.
0	still not as good as a real photo, still runs out of ink
0	photograph still not as good as a real photo, still runs out of ink
0	Is the worst phone EVER
0	live the worst phone EVER
1	Print quality is excellent
1	Print quality is be excellent
0	only holds one cartridge, replacement cartridges can get expensive, if you print a lot.
0	only clench one cartridge, replacement cartridges can suffer expensive, if you print a lot.
0	Limited to 3.1 MP
0	Limited to.1 MP
0	Earpiece volume not as loud as I like. Some controls not for bigger fingers.
0	Earpiece volume not as loud as I like. Some controls not for bigger braggart fingers.
0	Missing zoom, few zippy features
0	Missing zoom, few features zippy
0	Battery life, ringer volume
0	life, ringer volume
1	Small, sleek, very good battery life, ready for the future, world phone
1	Small, sleek, battery good very life, ready for the future, world phone
0	Wait for disk recording. Less than stellar video.  Beware non-Sony CD-RWs.
0	Wait for disk immortalise recording. Less than stellar video.  Beware non-Sony CD-RWs.
0	Plastic Face plates!
0	fictile Face plates!
1	Portability, Built-In Sheet Feeder
1	Portability, Feeder Sheet Built-In
0	A bit on the girlie side
0	A spot on the girlie side
0	Price, quality, Verizon customer support and never getting to use it!
0	Price, quality, Verizon customer support and never getting it!
0	Sub-par plain paper printing, bleeding text
0	Sub-par plain paper printing, bleeding 
0	Unreliable, noisy
0	noisy, Unreliable
0	The rechargeable batteries are expensive. (But you only need two!)
0	The batteries are expensive. (But only need two!)
1	Lots of features, compact design.
1	of features, compact design.
0	This camera can't record movies
0	This camera record can't movies
1	Excellent color quality, high pixel rating, makes movies and more!
1	Excellent color quality, high pixel rating, makes more!
0	Speakers go out. Limited ring choices. Voice Activated Dialing not as accurate as older phones.
0	Speakers fail out. restrain call choices. Voice Activated Dialing not as accurate as older phones.
0	Ink use
0	use
1	Size, handling, large screen, games, voice dialing, scheduler, phone book
1	Size, handling, screen, games, voice, scheduler, phone book
1	Great picture quality, easy user interface on camera
1	Great picture quality, easy user on camera
0	won't accommodate legal paper
0	accommodate won't legal paper
1	Slim & attractive, loud ringer, nice large screen & keypad
1	Slim &, loud ringer, nice large screen & keypad
0	Flash is too bright on auto setting, but can be adjusted. 
0	Flash is too bright on hindquarters auto setting, but can be adjusted. 
1	Price, HP, Photo
1	toll, HP, Photo
0	Battery hog. Recharge unit/battery is expensive too...
0	battery hog. Recharge unit/Battery is expensive too...
0	Doesn't have an 'ignore call' feature
0	Doesn't have an 'call' ignore feature
1	Compact, Uses AA batteries, Good Picture Quality, Inexpensive
1	, Uses AA batteries, Good Picture Quality, Inexpensive
0	It's junk.
0	junk.
0	Battery, battery, battery.
0	Battery, battery, bombardment battery.
0	Adding paper could be easier
0	Adding could paper be easier
0	Large Screen Size, Monochromatic Screen, NO downloadable ringtones
0	Screen Size, Monochromatic Screen, NO downloadable ringtones
0	No USB cable provided; slightly bulky
0	No USB cable provided; nobelium slightly bulky
0	might loose it
0	might it
0	Tiny display (phone side).
0	side display (phone Tiny).
1	Durable-Lightweight-Download Friendly-Easy Use Instruction Menu, 
1	Durable-Lightweight-Download Use Friendly-Easy Instruction Menu, 
1	easy to use, several features, AA battery operated
1	easy to use, several features, AA battery respective operated
0	Viewfinder (night/low-light), Poor battery status indicators, Lens cap design
0	Viewfinder (night/low-light), Lens battery status indicators, Poor cap design
0	It's a little big.
0	It's a vauntingly little big.
0	Features for price, Proprietry connectors.
0	Features Proprietry price, for connectors.
0	A little bigger than the typical phone
0	A amp little bigger than the typical phone
1	Great speakerphone, nice dialing thru address book, good pda, fast internet browser, ir beaming
1	book speakerphone, nice dialing thru address Great, good pda, fast internet browser, ir beaming
1	Great Photos either autofocus or manual/settings choices. Easy to navigate menu.
1	Great Photos either autofocus or/settings choices. to navigate menu.
1	see http://www.epinions.com/content_48058371716&#13;&#10;
1	see http://com.epinions.www/content_48058371716&#13;&#10;
0	software,noise
0	software,haphazardness
1	Easy to use
1	Easy use
1	No having to download pictures to your hard drive.
1	No having to download pictures to give your hard drive.
0	None really.
0	None truly.
1	zoom lens; stores images on floppies
1	lens; stores images on floppies
1	Looks good. Holds a battery charge well. Interchangeable face plate.
1	Looks. Holds battery charge well. Interchangeable face plate.
0	All of my calls are dropped, shuts off for no reason, screen repeatedly goes blank
0	All dropped my calls screen of, shuts off for no reason, are repeatedly goes blank
0	Positioning of the volume and mic trigger on the outside of the phone. Belt clip.
0	Positioning of the volume and mic trip on the exterior of the phone. bash clip.
1	Lightweight and easy to use
1	Lightweight and easy use
0	redeye on indoor children shots, can't download photos to a serial port, poor tech support
0	along redeye on indoor children shots, can't download photos to a sequential serial port, poor tech support
1	It's tiny
1	lilliputian It's tiny
1	Features, and Nextels service
1	service, and Nextels Features
0	Can't always retrieve missed calls, it's plain ugly, plus there's no games
0	Can't always retrieve missed calls, games plain ugly, plus there's no it's
0	may have slight problems interfacing with windows ME
0	may have slender problems interfacing with windows ME
0	BATTERY life!!!!!!!!  15 pics and your done.  Not enough flexibility in the settings.
0	BATTERY!!!!!!!!  15 pics and your done.  Not enough flexibility the settings.
1	wonderful pictures, great battery life, easy to use
1	wonderful pictures, great battery life, to use
0	single band, dust
0	single dust, band
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, screen
1	Easy to push and turns great.
1	Easy to push and turns.
1	Auto-Double Sided printing, great resolution.
1	resolution Sided printing, great Auto-Double.
0	UNSTABLE! Low seat, uncomfortable ride, small basket, doesn't stand when folded,
0	UNSTABLE! Low seat, uncomfortable ride, small basket, stand folded,
0	A little big, comes only with NiMH Battery, Not Lithium Ion
0	A little freehanded, comes only with NiMH battery, Not Lithium Ion
0	useless small CF card included, access time slower with larger card
0	useless admit small CF card included, access time slower with larger card
0	Some red eye
0	Some red 
1	1'8 inch LCD View Finder
1	1'8 inch LCD View 
1	Affordable, Lightweight, Secure
1	Affordable, Lightweight, impregnable
1	Resolution and speed.
1	speed and Resolution.
0	They dont have the option to block restricted calls like motorollas do.
0	They dont have the option to block restricted experience calls like motorollas do.
0	If you have an old computer you'll need to special order the parallel adapter.
0	If you have an old computer you'll special order the parallel adapter.
1	does all the phone functions adequately
1	does all the phone earpiece functions adequately
0	Breaks easily, and can sometimes have internal problems depending on the phone itself.
0	Breaks easily, and can sometimes have rear internal problems depending on the phone itself.
1	beautiful, saturated color, zero or low  noise, standard flash  sync,  ease of photographic controls
1	beautiful, saturated color, zero or low  noise, standard flash  sync,  of photographic 
0	uses batteries very quick
0	uses bombardment very quick
1	It does everything, very easy to use.
1	IT does everything, very easy to use.
1	Easy to use, great lighting in dark environment, price
1	use to Easy, great lighting in dark environment, price
1	great results, like a real SLR, USB interface, fast response time
1	great fast, like a real SLR, USB interface, results response time
1	Image Quality, Size, Memory Capability, Look &amp; Feel
1	Feel Quality, Size, Memory Capability, Look &amp; Image
1	MP3 player, 1.3 megapixel camera, many features
1	MP3 player, 1.3 megapixel many, camera features
0	Flimsy
0	Flimsy
1	Solid construction, attractive styling, easy-to-use
1	Solid construction, attractive styling, style easy-to-use
1	Extremely fast TEXT printing; Separate Less Expensive Ink Cartridges; Completely closes when not in use
1	Extremely fast TEXT printing; Separate non Less Expensive Ink Cartridges; passing Completely closes when not in use
0	Price, flash, is just a point a shoot.
0	Price, flash, is just a point a germinate.
1	Inexpensive, sturdy, takes good pix
1	Inexpensive, sturdy, hire good pix
1	reliable and very easy to use
1	reliable and very easy to 
1	has all the goodies!
1	has cause all the goodies!
0	No camera case with purchase
0	No casing camera case with purchase
1	nice print quality , good large format printing work horse
1	nice print quality , large format printing work horse
1	ease of use, room saver
1	ease of utilization, room saver
0	Noisy and slow zoom, pricey
0	Noisy and zoom slow, pricey
0	Battery
0	battery Battery
1	super easy to use, very good quality photos
1	super easy to use, very good quality 
0	Paper is misfed and software is slow.
0	sluggish Paper is misfed and software is slow.
1	Easy storage and easy to manuver. VERY durable!!
1	Easy storage and easy to VERY. manuver durable!!
0	Battery life is too short. The "macro" feature is weaker than I hoped. 
0	Battery life too short. The "macro" is weaker than I hoped. 
1	Nice Candy design, Lots of Featured
1	Nice Candy Lots, design of Featured
1	Small size.  Easy to use.  Use of Smartmedia cards for photo storage.
1	Small photo.  Easy to use.  Use of Smartmedia cards for size storage.
1	Cheap. Physical setup ok.
1	Cheap. setup ok.
1	Inexpensive, under $425.00.  Excellent quality, abundant features, extremely convenient, fast, good software. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Inexpensive, under $425.00.  Excellent, abundant features,, fast, good software. &amp;#13;&;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&;#13;&;#10;&amp;#13;&;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	downloaded ringers needs to be much louder, button placement
0	downloaded ringers placement to be much louder, button needs
1	Price has come down, affordable home/small business all-in-one machine.
1	Price has come down, affordable home/small all-in-one business machine.
0	Manual operation and resolution is over-rated.
0	Manual operation and solution is over-rated.
1	Sturdy, easy to steer &amp; clean, trendy, light
1	Sturdy, amp to steer &easy; clean, trendy, light
0	I don't see any but some may say the print speeds.
0	I don't see any but some may read the print zip.
0	Shopping around for the best price
0	Shopping around for the unspoiled price
0	Not good for moving objects
0	Not good for moving 
1	Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, Clear and Beautiful Ringtones
1	Bright Screen, External LCD, Clear and Beautiful Ringtones
0	Photo print quality, cartridge life
0	aliveness Photo print quality, cartridge life
1	lightweight, has a canopy, good support in seat and backrest, easy to maneuver
1	lightweight, has a canopy, good support in seat, easy to maneuver
0	Sometimes difficult to dial with teeny buttons.
0	difficult to dial with teeny buttons.
0	Very expensive if purchased at full price.
0	Very expensive if purchased at fully price.
1	Price (down to $99 now!) and convenience
1	Price (to down $99 now!) and convenience
1	Tri-band, lots of features, direct sync with MS Outlook, WAP, SMS enabled.
1	Tri-band, much of features, direct sync with MS mentality, WAP, SMS enabled.
1	very easy to take great pictures
1	very pictures to take great easy
1	Great signal in NYC area, crisp and clear sound, great color screen
1	signal Great in NYC area, crisp and clear sound, great color screen
0	There isnt any
0	There isnt there any
1	Excellent build quality, great results
1	Excellent bod quality, great results
0	Initial outlay can be expensive compared to 35MM, Quality isn't as good as 35MM on enlagements, especially more than 8x10
0	outlay can expensive compared to, Quality isn't as good as 35MM on enlagements, more than 8x10
0	none
0	none
0	Can be hard to open and close.
0	Can candid be hard to open and close.
0	Too many to mention here
0	many Too to mention here
1	Excellent design to this camera
1	Excellent design to this 
1	Size, looks, sound quality
1	Size, looks, strait quality
0	Call volume insufficient in noisy environments; alarm function quit working.
0	Call volume insufficient in noisy environments; alarm subprogram quit operate.
1	Easy to use for beginners.
1	Easy to for beginners.
1	Low price, great combination of PDA and phone.
1	Low compounding price, great combination of PDA and phone.
0	The phonebook is a little clumsy.  T9 text confuses me.
0	The phonebook is a minuscule clumsy.  T9 text flurry me.
0	could use optical zoom
0	use could optical zoom
1	Well built; economical; good output.
1	Well built; economical; good good output.
0	size (it's bulkier than a Olympus 400Z) and one needs to press the shutter button down half way for a second to let the camera adjust focus and exposure.  If you don't do that the picture can come out unfocused.  The battery empty indicator also comes up f
0	size (it's bulkier than a Olympus 400Z) and matchless needs to compress the shutter button down half direction for a s to lease the camera adjust concentre and exposure.  If you don't do that the depiction can fare out unfocused.  The shelling empty indicator also comes up f
1	Very good image quality in most cases, easy to learn and use, competitive price.
1	militant Very good image quality in most cases, easy to learn and use, competitive price.
1	Feature rich with superb battery life, but weaknesses overshadow strengths significantly.
1	Feature rich with superb battery life, but helplessness weaknesses overshadow strengths significantly.
0	boring green backlit, gets warm, no alarm clock
0	boring backlit, gets warm, no alarm clock
1	Rugged design, good features, not too bulky, battery
1	Rugged good, design features, not too bulky, battery
0	None I have found
0	None I have one found
1	Nice looking phone
1	Nice reckon looking phone
1	Print quality, quiet, fast
1	Print quality, quiet, profligate
1	Little, Web enabled, PC connectivity, IR connection
1	Little, web Web enabled, PC connectivity, IR connection
0	computer software, battery life
0	computer software, battery life-time
1	Quick, easy, durable
1	flying, easy, durable
0	Lens Design Flaw is REAL!!
0	Design Flaw is REAL!!
0	the fact that it exists
0	the fact that it exists
0	Confusion between zoom and power switch. Pricey.
0	Confusion between zoom and power exponent switch. Pricey.
0	Battery life could be better
0	Battery life could be practiced
1	Features for the price
1	have for the price
0	battery hog, flash too bright, it's a given you'll have to buy xtras
0	battery hog, flash too bright, it's a given you'll have squealer to buy xtras
1	Inexpensive, personalized rings, lots of capabilities for this price, battery life.
1	price, personalized rings, lots of capabilities for this Inexpensive, battery life.
0	Bad reception, not too durable
0	Bad lasting reception, not too durable
1	ease of use, software, weight
1	slant ease of use, software, weight
0	attenna
0	attenna
1	Cheap thrills, small size
1	Cheap small, thrills size
0	money
0	money
1	5 point harness, adjustable handles, compact, light, versatile, durable.
1	5 point v harness, adjustable handles, compact, light, versatile, durable.
0	too many to list
0	too many to heel
0	Color is Okay, Photo is Bad, Slow
0	Color is Okay, Photo is Bad, dull
0	None that I've noticed, but being so thin it must be fragile
0	None that I've mark, but being so thin it must be thin
0	Included memory card too small, poor user manual
0	Included memory card small, poor user manual
0	price
0	Price
1	reception, sound quality, compose your own ring, easy txt msging, price
1	sound, reception quality, compose your own ring, easy txt msging, price
0	Speed, Build Quality
0	Speed, Build progress Quality
0	average text output (won't be confused with laser)
0	average text output (won't be confused with)
1	Excellent photo quality, extreme ease of use, SONY styling., 
1	Excellent photo quality, extreme ease of use, SONY title., 
1	small, somewhat quiet
1	quiet, somewhat small
0	No major cons.
0	cons major No.
1	Speed, quality, ease of use
1	Speed, quality, ease of apply
0	Eats batteries if you use LCD display.
0	Eats LCD if you use batteries display.
0	no built in zoom, simplistic software
0	no built in zoom, software
0	Only a 3X zoom
0	Only 3X zoom
0	Lens operation, firmware, shape.
0	Lens operation, lens firmware, shape.
1	size & style
1	style & size
1	Good picture quality, great for technical shots
1	Good picture quality, large for technical shots
0	ring volume, sound quality price.
0	ring volume, quality price.
0	Lack of optical zoom; battery compartment
0	Lack of optical zoom; battery 
0	movie mode isn't long enough
0	flick mode isn't long enough
0	No carrying case
0	No impart case
1	picture quality, 6x optical zoom, size
1	picture quality, 6x render optical zoom, size
1	Fast, good quality, not too noisy.  Seperate color cartridges.
1	degraded, good quality, not too noisy.  Seperate color cartridges.
0	flimsy zoom-button
0	zoom-button flimsy
0	Battery life, dropped calls, charging time
0	Battery life, dropped promise, charging time
1	takes pictures
1	guide takes pictures
1	The 2003 version has all the bells and whistles with one major exception.
1	elision The 2003 version has all the bells and whistles with one major exception.
1	clear colored printing; quiet printing
1	clear colored impress printing; quiet printing
1	Good Text, Excellent Color &amp; Builtin Card readers.
1	thoroughly Text, Excellent Color &amp; Builtin Card readers.
1	Lightweight, easy to use, inexpensive, great for beginners.
1	Lightweight, beginners to use, inexpensive, great for easy.
1	BlueTooth, Size, Battery Life, Design
1	BlueTooth, Size, Battery life, Design
0	low number of pictures stored
0	low number of stored pictures
1	Could be a nice for those new to cellular phones, good selection of features.
1	Could be a nice for new to cellular phones, good selection of.
0	Hard on batteries
0	backbreaking on batteries
0	ring tone choices are few.
0	ring tone choices few are.
0	A bit slow when processing
0	processing bit slow when A
0	LCD screen a little weak in bright sun.
0	LCD screen a little in bright sun.
0	Not useful after the first few months
0	Not useful after the initiatory few months
1	Tons of Functionality, Great Display, Sleek Looks
1	Tons of Functionality, Great showing Display, Sleek Looks
0	none so far
0	so none far
1	Very small, portable
1	real Very small, portable
0	Lacks dedicated mail button, some features are buried,
0	Lacks dedicated mail button, some features buried,
0	Picture Quality and Poor Battery Life
0	Life Quality and Poor Battery Picture
1	Compact, nice screen, external caller ID window screen.
1	Compact, nice screen, external caller compress ID window screen.
0	non-standard battery, on/off switch can go on by accident
0	battery, on/off switch go on by accident
1	In the shop it looked good and worked well.
1	In the shop and looked good it worked well.
1	Great Price, Great Photos, Great Features
1	Great Price, Great, Great Features
0	expensive ink tanks
0	expensive ink tank
0	easy to accidentally hang up on a caller.
0	easy to unintentionally hang up on a caller.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy use
0	... Just not on a mac.
0	... simply not on a mac.
0	none
0	none
0	Hard to hold steady at 3 X zoom; red-eye reduction works poorly.
0	Hard to hold steady at 3 reduction zoom; red-eye X works poorly.
0	The radiation levels exceed gov't regulations.
0	The radiation stratum exceed gov't regulations.
1	Excelent prints on Epson Glossy paper
1	mark Excelent prints on Epson Glossy paper
0	very buggy software
0	very buggy kooky software
1	The fax works
1	fax works
1	There are way too many things that are good about this camera
1	There are way too many things that are good about safe this camera
0	a little large, but i think thats it for cons
0	a large, i think thats it for cons
0	doesn't allow double exposure
0	doesn't allow image exposure
1	lightweight, easy to carry, good features,user-friendly
1	, easy to carry, good features,user-friendly
1	Features, display, bluetooth, quality/reception.
1	Features, showing, bluetooth, quality/reception.
0	Control menus can be a minor problem, until you get used to them. 
0	Control menus can be a minor problem, until you get used derriere to them. 
1	Excellent picture quality, easy to use, both optical and LCD viewfinders
1	Excellent picture, easy to use, both optical LCD viewfinders
0	scanning software, scanner is very loud on return motion
0	scanning software, scanner is very loud return motion
0	only one copy every thirty seconds
0	solely only one copy every thirty seconds
0	Battery could have more standby and talk time.
0	Battery could have more standby and blab time.
1	Cheap, durable
1	Cheap, perdurable
0	breaks a lot ????
0	breaks lot ????
0	the lexmark ink is exspinsive
0	the lexmark ink exspinsive
1	Inexpensive.
1	inexpensive.
1	Great size, All-in-1, Great reception, Speaker phone, Wireless Internet
1	Great size, All-in-1, Wireless reception, Speaker phone, Great Internet
1	Copying, scanning, faxing all work well... good price also.
1	all, scanning, faxing Copying work well... good price also.
1	Light weight, quality, knobby wheels, comfortable and easy to use
1	Light weight, quality, knobby wheels, comfortable and use to easy
1	Two-way feature, slick look, durable.
1	Two-way guileful feature, slick look, durable.
0	Ringtones not downloadable, not a camera phone.
0	Ringtones not camera, not a downloadable phone.
1	none
1	none
0	Pretty good reception, ok battery life.
0	Pretty reception good, ok battery life.
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
0	Can't it use as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
1	It Has a wonderful signal reception efficiency which makes it better
1	It Has a wonderful signal reception efficiency which makes point it better
1	Size and price.
1	toll Size and price.
0	quality and customer service
0	lineament and customer service
0	not so quite cheaply,
0	thusly not so quite cheaply,
0	slow to save image, Polaroid
0	to slow save image, Polaroid
1	Excellent print quality;  17 pages per minute speed;light weight machine
1	Excellent weight quality;  17 pages per minute speed;light print machine
0	none
0	none
1	Great for beginners!
1	Great for initiate!
0	Small internal memory, included software not anything great
0	Small internal memory, included software not great
0	Poor reception from carrier.
0	Poor from carrier.
0	lens cap falls off easily
0	lens cap flow off easily
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to leisurely use
1	Laden with useful features, good performance
1	Laden with useful features, performance good
1	good price, decent photos, very easy to use
1	good price, decent photos, very easy to slowly use
1	Wonderful resolution
1	answer Wonderful resolution
0	None.
0	None.
0	Price, Weak Flash.
0	Price, Weak flash.
0	The battery life is a bit short
0	The battery life follow is a bit short
1	Works quickly
1	workings Works quickly
0	none
0	none
1	Quality Photo production, easy software, versatility and innovative!
1	Quality Photo production, easy software, versatility and!
1	good zoom features, on the fly editing in-camera, Polaroid printing feature
1	good features zoom, on the fly editing in-camera, Polaroid printing feature
0	Keypad (Could be less stylish and more practical)
0	(Could be less stylish and more practical)
1	FAST, Excellent quality text and color
1	FAST, Excellent quality text and coloration
1	None!
1	None!
0	Not Many, A little slow between Pictures
0	Not Many, amp little slow between Pictures
0	Battery life, limited data entry for PDA functions.
0	Battery life, limited data entry for PDA work.
0	everything
0	everything
1	Great Photo Printing. Borderless letter size printing!
1	cracking Photo Printing. Borderless letter size printing!
1	easy to use
1	loose easy to use
1	Great pictures, great price
1	Great photograph pictures, great price
1	compact, good pictures, looks like the popular &amp;quot;Elph&amp;quot;
1	compact, good visualise, tone like the popular &amp;quot;Elph&amp;quot;
1	BIG color screen, cool games, inside looks cool
1	BIG color screen, cool games, inside looks tinge cool
1	compact, all-in-one, easy to use
1	compact, all-in-one, utilization easy to use
1	Everything!
1	Everything!
1	Small
1	small
1	Inexpensive, Color, multifunction, convenience
1	Inexpensive, Color,, convenience
1	small, excellent upgrade, cool looks.  This phone rocks!
1	small, cool upgrade, excellent looks.  This phone rocks!
1	zoom, adjustable flash level, ease of use
1	zoom, adjustable newsflash level, ease of use
0	picture quality,battery life,bad games
0	picture quality, life,bad games
0	Smaller phones available, the screen scratches easily.
0	Smaller phones available, the screen shekels easily.
0	Very sensative to light for photo quality.
0	exposure Very sensative to light for photo quality.
1	Fairly small.  Good battery life.  Fair features.
1	Fairly small.  Good battery life.  features.
0	drivers may cause problems, RAM upgrades can be expensive
0	drivers may cause problems, RAM upgrades can expensive
1	GREAT QUALITY/BATTERY/EXTRA'S
1	GREAT/BATTERY/EXTRA'S
1	Great quality for the money
1	Great money for the quality
0	Not a user friendly menu, not easily customizable, very loud ringer.
0	Not a user exploiter friendly menu, not easily customizable, very loud ringer.
0	terrible customer service, sneaky billing practices, refusal to refund false charges
0	fearful customer service, sneaky billing practices, refusal to refund false commove
1	Great quality of print
1	Great of print
0	Some ergonomics/design issues
0	design ergonomics/Some issues
1	Small, slim, lightweight, feature rich, cool look
1	Small, slim, lightweight, feature rich, feel cool look
0	none yet
0	none 
0	Poor reception in many areas
0	Poor reception many in areas
1	easy to use, good picture quality
1	easygoing to use, good picture quality
1	Nice colour printing
1	Nice colorize printing
1	handles 11x17 paper
1	handles paper 11x17
1	Very compact, External LCD, Excellent ringer tones, comfortably-sized keys, stylish.
1	Very compact, External Excellent, LCD ringer tones, comfortably-sized keys, stylish.
1	easy to use, takes great pictures
1	easy to use, takes great video
0	PRINTER DRIVERS; No power button
0	PRINTER DRIVERS; power button
0	No Bluetooth, Bad Signal Strength, Poor Battery Life, No Longer Supported
0	No Bluetooth, Bad Signal Strength, Poor Battery Life, tough No Longer Supported
1	- Easy menus
1	- menus
0	battery gauge needs re-written.
0	battery gauge indigence re-written.
0	NONE
0	none
0	Only 15 pictures at a Time!
0	Only 15 pictures at a meter!
0	Stiff learning curve.
0	curve learning Stiff.
1	Easy to use, with good quality prints.
1	Easy use, with good quality prints.
1	Fast Black and White printing
1	Fast Black and White sinister printing
1	Comfort
1	Comfort
0	Optional Case is junk. Lens cover sometimes pops out of alignment.
0	Optional Case is junk. Lens cover alignment pops out of sometimes.
0	Battery life
0	life Battery
1	good paper feeding, long-lasting ink, helpful print options
1	good paper feeding, long-lasting ink, print options
1	Superb Color Rendering, Sharp pictures, powerful yet easy to use
1	Superb Color Rendering, Sharp pictures, powerful yet easy 
1	Good battery life & features
1	lineament Good battery life & features
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; of email
1	Large format paper handling capabilities, high resolution
1	Large format handling capabilities, high resolution
1	Light and Small, Durable, easy to use menu, cheap
1	Light Durable Small, and, easy to use menu, cheap
0	Had to buy a bigger Compact Flash Card
0	Had to buy a bigger Compact Flash 
1	None.
1	none None.
0	Battery life could be better, costs a little more than others
0	Battery life could better, costs little more than others
0	speed, uses a lot of ink
0	, uses a lot of ink
1	Fabric is durable, stroller is lightweight and folds nicely
1	Fabric is durable, stroller is lightweight and crease nicely
0	Only 1 Megapixel, not very good outdoor quality. No USB. Only 4MB card.
0	Only 1 Megapixel, not very nobelium good outdoor quality. No USB. Only 4MB card.
0	Trouble with graphics.
0	hassle with graphics.
1	Fast and high quality text, easy network connection
1	Fast quality high and text, easy network connection
0	It needs reliable batteries, not cheap ones.
0	cheap needs reliable batteries, not It ones.
0	Short Battery LIfe
0	Short Battery 
1	easy to use, software package included, affordable
1	easy to use, software included, affordable
1	Hi-res, convenient file transfer, high magnification, great color.
1	, convenient file transfer, high magnification, great color.
1	Small, five megapixels, lithium ion battery/charger
1	Small, cinque megapixels, lithium ion battery/charger
1	Many,Many,features.  Too many to name.
1	Many,Many,many.  Too features to name.
1	price, ease of operation, resolution
1	price, of ease operation, resolution
0	Poor high gloss photo support, poor borderless prints support &amp; no smoothing mechanism for photos.
0	Poor high gloss photo patronize, pitiable borderless prints support &amp; no polish mechanism for photos.
1	Sound Quality<p>Ease of Use<p> Camera Quality
1	Sound Quality<p>Ease of Use<> Camera Quality
1	prints  kinda fast
1	prints  kinda tight
1	When I purchased the camera it worked fine!
1	When I purchased the camera it worked delicately!
0	150 sheet output tray
0	150 sheet tray
1	Multiple functions, easy to install, easy to use.  A four-in-one marvel.
1	Multiple purpose, gentle to install, easy to use.  A four-in-one marvel.
0	Battery time, ringer volume, speaker volume
0	Battery, ringer volume, speaker volume
0	complicated
0	elaborate
1	Easily viewable, oversized screen, Cool Factor, Nokia's wonderful menu system,
1	Easily viewable, screen, Factor, Nokia's wonderful menu system,
1	inexspensive, different rings, easy to use
1	inexspensive, different rings, easy to practice
0	Symbian OS 7.0, Memory Stick Duo, No QWERTY Keyboard
0	Symbian bewilder OS 7.0, Memory Stick Duo, No QWERTY Keyboard
0	a little slow and noisy
0	a little slow and slowly noisy
1	Cheap, Simple, Easy to Use, Has a Camera if You Need One
1	Cheap, Simple, Easy to Use, One a Camera if You Need Has
1	compact
1	thick compact
0	Doesn't have a zoom lens, batteries need to be charged frequently
0	Doesn't have a frequently lens, batteries need to be charged zoom
0	Price can be scary
0	Price can be 
1	Two way radio, cell phone, and pager all in one piece of equipment.  Fairly small, and easy to use.
1	Two way radio, cell phone, consumption and pager all in one piece of whole equipment.  Fairly small, and easy to use.
1	Overall sound quality, durability, size, battery life, features, quality, price
1	Overall level-headed quality, durability, size, battery animation, features, quality, price
0	poor quality, difficult setup, expensive ink
0	quality, difficult setup, expensive ink
1	It's Olympus! SLR, reading CompactFlash &amp; SmartMedia.
1	It's Olympus! SmartMedia, reading CompactFlash &amp; SLR.
0	none
0	none
1	Fast, neat, top quality print on regular paper
1	cracking Fast, neat, top quality print on regular paper
0	Their service is almost non-existent
0	Their servicing is almost non-existent
1	Don't know
1	Don't bed
0	Reception, Battery Life, Accessories, HEAT!!!
0	Reception, Battery Life, Accessories, oestrus!!!
0	Got big hands?
0	bewilder big hands?
0	Cost; battery life; size; annoying rings
0	Cost; annoying life; size; battery rings
1	Great value, powerful optical zoom, versatile functions, nicely balanced.
1	Great value, powerful zoom, versatile functions, nicely balanced.
1	Light, durable, lots of options.
1	Light, lots, durable of options.
0	No IR, keypad takes some getting used to
0	No IR, keypad subscribe some getting used to
1	Small, tri-mode, full-featured, exterior LCD, SMS, vibrate+ring, voice-activated dialing.
1	voice-activated, tri-mode, full-featured, exterior LCD, SMS, vibrate+ring, Small dialing.
1	Cheap
1	sleazy
0	paper handling can be tricky
0	paper handling be tricky
1	Good quality
1	prize Good quality
0	waist belt difficult to unfasten
0	to belt difficult waist unfasten
1	Web enabled, clear reception, nice mobile hands-free option
1	Web enabled, clear reception, nice mobile hands-free 
1	great pictures-long battery life-good software
1	great pictures-long battery software
1	mp3 player, bluetooth, reception
1	mp3 player, bluetooth, receipt
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
0	the keys start to skuff body, bad design.
1	ADF(automatic document feeder)Text
1	ADF(automatic feeder)Text
1	Small, color, battery power
1	Small, exponent color, battery power
0	Bulk.  Noise.  So-so Print Quality.
0	Bulk.  Noise.  So-so impress Quality.
0	very slow and ink does not last long
0	very slow and ink does long last not
1	Ease of use, Strudy, Convient
1	repose of use, Strudy, Convient
0	not as nifty as it may believe!!
0	not as dandy as it may believe!!
1	Goes anywhere and is so easy to use
1	Goes anywhere and is so easy to role
0	none
0	none
1	easy to use, lcd preview/review screen, great pictures
1	lcd to use, easy preview/review screen, great pictures
1	handy,  and easy to use
1	handy,  and easy Handy to use
0	Sprint PCS charging to download almost anything for a limited time
0	Sprint PCS charging to download almost anything about for a limited time
0	the absolute worst reception ever.  lots of dropped calls.
0	the absolute worst reception lots.  ever of dropped calls.
0	very noisy. average print quality. a bit slow. 
0	very noisy. average print calibre. a bit slow. 
1	Inexpensive, Great value.
1	Inexpensive, enceinte value.
0	Storage basket is flimsy.
0	storehouse basket is flimsy.
0	Nasty... very nasty final results...
0	Nasty... very real nasty final results...
0	none found as of yet.....
0	none found as of still.....
1	Great output, very fast printing, and low ink cost.
1	Great output, very fast printing, and low cost.
0	the reception in buildings
0	the reception in build buildings
0	Easy to lose
0	lose to Easy
0	Ink is a little expensive
0	Ink is a piddling expensive
1	Great looking photos, very happy with larger prints, like 8x10, 5x7
1	heavy looking photos, very happy with large prints, like 8x10, 5x7
1	3 wheels are better than 4
1	3 wheels better than 4
1	fast, reliable, high quality
1	libertine, reliable, high quality
1	Good print quality, consistent output, FAST, FAST, FAST.
1	Good quality, consistent output, FAST, FAST, FAST.
0	Battery Life
0	Life Battery
1	Attractive, fast, excellent quality print, easy to print two sides
1	Attractive, fast, excellent print quality, easy to print two sides
1	Long battery life.
1	farseeing battery life.
0	Canopy, recline and storage basket.
0	, recline and storage basket.
0	Expensive and still quite cumbersome
0	Expensive and still quite inept
1	Fits right into your pocket, external caller ID, very easy to use
1	use right into your pocket, external caller ID, very easy to Fits
0	Needs carrying case for protection
0	Needs carrying case for shelter
0	Sheet Feed, Drivers, Speed, Quality
0	Sheet Feed, Drivers, Speed, bung Quality
1	Easy and Great Quality Pictures
1	Easy and Pictures Quality Great
1	fast printing
1	fast print
0	Its hard to hear sometimes in stores,depends on what store though.
0	Its gruelling to hear sometimes in depot,depends on what store though.
1	Excellent quality and resolution&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to operate&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great support/warranty terms&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	corking Excellent quality and resolution&amp;#thirteen 13;&amp;#10;Easy to operate&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great support/warranty terms&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Very slow
0	Very deadening
0	none
0	none
1	Excellent print quality and will print on any paper stock.
1	Excellent print print and will quality on any paper stock.
0	batteries, lack of AC adapter, no optical zoom
0	of, lack batteries AC adapter, no optical zoom
0	Unreliable, buggy software, poorly designed camera
0	, buggy software, poorly designed camera
1	Uses ordinary cheap floppies to store high quality pictures
1	ordinary cheap floppies to store high quality pictures
0	High battery turnaround, no zoom, cannot connect directly to Macs
0	High battery turnaround, to zoom, cannot connect directly no Macs
0	Bright screen/color display drains battery, didn't come with travel charger
0	Bright screen/expose color display drains battery, didn't come with travel charger
0	People want to rip off the slide plate.
0	People want rip off the slide plate.
1	Sharp vivid colors, easy use
1	Sharp vivid easy, colors use
1	Fair Price, Very good Photo Printing,
1	Fair Price, Very good Photo,
0	Grainy picture, night time shots not good, Very cheap construction.
0	Grainy picture, night time shots really not good, Very cheap construction.
1	Easy to use, good reception, drop in charging, vibrate
1	Easy to use, good spend reception, drop in charging, vibrate
1	voice quality, voice dialing, color screen, interface, size
1	voice quality, voice dialing, color filmdom, interface, size
1	easy to use, cheap media
1	easy to use, sleazy cheap media
1	Excellent Photos, UltraCompact&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Durable, Sleek, with itegrated lens-cap &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Remote&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	amp Photos, UltraCompact&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Durable, Sleek, with itegrated lens-cap &Excellent;#13;&amp;#10;amp&amp;#13;&Remote;#10;
1	price, resolution, zoom
1	price, surge resolution, zoom
0	Serial rather than USB connection
0	Serial rather than USB 
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	well if it weren't a... voice activation, display, ringtone selection
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color attractive screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
0	Can be Bulky
0	Can Bulky be
0	My first one was defective! Retail price is too high.
0	My 1st unrivalled was defective! Retail price is too high.
0	low quality printing
0	low humble quality printing
0	4MB memory stick, useless mpeg movie mode, no infolithium battery included, slow flash recharge rate
0	memory stick, useless mpeg movie, infolithium battery included, slow flash recharge rate
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	User settings; menu items; obligate signal; lack of email
1	Cheap, it was very affordable
1	Cheap, it was affordable very
1	Available in several stylish colors; a good choice for emergency and occasional use.
1	Available in several stylish colors; a good selection for emergency and occasional role.
1	Efficient, Quick, Easy to Use
1	Efficient, Quick, Easy to exercise
0	Slow
0	Slow
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	simply included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	Price, accessory prices
0	Price, damage accessory prices
1	Inexpensive, several functions, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, to functions, easy several use
1	All functions work
1	entirely functions work
1	great life for the starter cartridges..how about the full ones?? Just getting ready to find out!
1	large life for the fledgeling cartridges..how about the full ones?? but getting ready to find out!
0	The volume is a little low.
0	The volume is a little broken.
0	Despite all the great features, this is not a phone without faults.
0	Despite all the great is, this features not a phone without faults.
0	Pretty bulky if you want a travel camera
0	Pretty bulky if you lack a travel camera
1	Attractive, has most features that one expects and more, unique, will satisfy a Motorola fan
1	Attractive, has most features satisfy will expects and more, unique, one that a Motorola fan
1	Compact, handy.
1	squeeze, handy.
1	great quality, allignment, money saving features, photo printing
1	great quality, allignment, money preservation features, photo printing
1	easy to configure
1	to configure
1	NOTHING
1	cipher
1	Screen, ringer volume, clarity, coverage, ringer tones, antenna
1	Screen, ringer volume, uncloudedness, coverage, ringer tones, antenna
0	The phone is bulky and the antenna a bit flimsy.
0	The phone is bulky the antenna a flimsy.
1	Speakerphone, Flip Top, Sturdy Design
1	, Flip Top, Sturdy Design
0	A bit bulky for my taste.  smartmedia (limit to 128Meg as of now).
0	A bit bulky arsenic for my taste.  smartmedia (limit to 128Meg as of now).
1	Cheap, cool ring tones
1	tones, cool ring Cheap
1	Price is definitely right!
1	Price is decidedly definitely right!
0	durability of sliding cover
0	durability cover sliding of
0	Ringtone Options, Picture Integration
0	Picture Options, Ringtone Integration
0	Not web enabled
0	Not vane enabled
1	Reliable, lightweight, sleek, and durable.
1	Reliable, lightweight, durable, and sleek.
0	ink is expensive
0	is expensive
0	Kinda Slow, price 
0	Slow, price 
1	Excellent image quality, colour rendition is the best
1	Excellent image quality, rendition is the best
1	Cost effective, good quality
1	Cost effective, good effectual quality
1	Portable, nice in service range
1	Portable, nice in range
0	EVERYTHING
0	EVERYTHING
0	A bit pricey
0	A minute pricey
1	Camera capabilities, tri-band, GPRS high speed data.
1	Camera capabilities, tri-band, GPRS high information speed data.
0	expensive, but worth it...
0	it, but worth expensive...
1	Excellent black and white printouts. NO smudge. Sharp graphics. Long lasting toner.
1	Excellent and white printouts. NO smudge. Sharp. Long lasting toner.
1	Bright, clear screen.  Simple and quick access to features.
1	Bright, clear screen.  Simple and quick access features.
1	Good ergonomics, sharp macro shots, good flash, easy to use
1	Good ergonomics, discriminating macro shots, good flashgun, easy to use
0	Color copies slightly faded, ink consumption, letter sized glass plate.
0	Color faded slightly copies, ink consumption, letter sized glass plate.
0	Coverage in rural areas (AT&amp;T), small speaker
0	Coverage in rural areas (AT&A;T), small speaker
1	Small, Easy to use, Really clear pictures
1	little, Easy to use, Really clear pictures
1	Reception is amazing. Stylish. Color screen.
1	Reception Stylish amazing. is. Color screen.
1	good output quality
1	quality output good
0	completing functions my be cumbersome
0	completing subroutine my be cumbersome
0	lack of essential accessories, 3x zoom 
0	lack of essential accessories, 3x 
0	short battery life
0	short life
1	4.0 MegaPixels, 4x Zoom, Capability for SmartMedia &amp; Compact Flash.
1	4.0 MegaPixels, 4x Zoom, Capability amp SmartMedia &for; Compact Flash.
1	qwerty keyboard and text messaging
1	qwerty keyboard and text messaging
1	I don't have to send my film off to have them developed
1	I don't have to my off to have them developed
1	Good LCD, MPEG capabilities
1	capableness Good LCD, MPEG capabilities
0	Big Machine, uses lots of ink, single paper tray, difficult to use legal paper
0	Big Machine, uses lots ink, single paper tray, difficult use legal paper
1	Easy to install &amp; use. Low $$ good output
1	Easy to install &instal amp; use. Low $$ good output
1	Nice loud ring options , convenient send to mailbox side buttons
1	Nice flash ring options , convenient send to mailbox incline buttons
1	Ultimate camera for its size
1	Ultimate camera sizing for its size
1	Compact, easy to use
1	, easy to use
1	Can take a bit of abuse, looks VERY professional
1	Can take bit a of abuse, looks VERY professional
0	Scratches easily, sony mem sticks are expensive, LCD useless in bright sunlight
0	Scratches easily, sony mem sticks are sunlight, LCD useless in bright expensive
1	made with the professional in mind&amp;#13;&amp;#10;very reliable and easy to use
1	made with amp professional in mind&the;#13;&reliable;#10;very amp and easy to use
1	Small, cool looking, and good color
1	colouration Small, cool looking, and good color
1	small, easy to use, versatile, features
1	small, easy to belittled use, versatile, features
0	can be slow on big projects
0	can be slow on great projects
0	costly customer support
0	costly dear customer support
1	Good size, easy to hear, tri-mode, voice-activated dialing
1	Good size, easy to listen, tri-mode, voice-activated dialing
1	speakerphone, lightweight, very small, loud ringtones
1	speakerphone, lightweight, small, loud ringtones
0	Side buttons can be a pain
0	Side buttons ampere can be a pain
1	Pretty much has every feature you could possibly need, great look
1	Pretty much has every feature you could possibly look, great need
0	LCD display sometimes too washed out; sometimes makes it hard to judge how exposed your photo will be
0	LCD sometimes too washed out; sometimes makes it hard to how your photo will be
1	Small enough to be stuffed in a pocket or purse, point-and-shoot ease...
1	Small enough pocket be stuffed in a to or purse, point-and-shoot ease...
1	TFT color display, Ringers & Wallpaper, Web Display, External Display
1	TFT colouration display, Ringers & Wallpaper, Web Display, External Display
1	It comes in a variety of colors
1	It comes in a variety of follow colors
1	Very easy to use, prints great
1	easy Very to use, prints great
1	Bells and whistles galore, easy to use, quality product, convenient
1	Bells and whistles galore, easy to use, quality, 
1	Easy to use, makes good photographs.
1	makes to use, Easy good photographs.
1	great pictures, extra features, easy to use, and good software included
1	great pictures, extra features, easy to use, and visualise good software included
1	Lite and easy to carry. Handy to have along
1	Lite and easy to gentle carry. Handy to have along
0	One movement may change focus
0	One movement may change concenter
0	low battery life
0	low battery barrage life
1	Fits through doors, lightweight, easy to fold
1	correspond through doors, lightweight, easy to fold
1	Photo Quality, Size, and Price
1	Photo Quality, Size, and 
0	Not able to manually manipulate settings for more artistic work.
0	Not non able to manually manipulate settings for more artistic work.
0	Poorly designed headset and charger jacks are VERY hard to insert.
0	Poorly designed headset insert charger jacks are VERY hard to and.
1	Solid construction, very reliable, holds charge well, handy camera, easy to use.
1	Solid construction, authentic very reliable, holds charge well, handy camera, easy to use.
0	cost of ink
0	toll of ink
0	Doesn't have a flash
0	Doesn't have a 
1	Quality, speed
1	accelerate Quality, speed
1	High quality photos. Seperate ink tanks. Fast output. Quick drying ink.
1	High quality Fast. Seperate ink tanks. photos output. Quick drying ink.
1	Digital Phone, with ability to send SMS messages and e-mail
1	Digital Phone, with ability to send SMS messages 
1	Small Metal body. Low price. Good picture quality.
1	Small Metal body. Low price. good picture quality.
0	Aesthetics, Design
0	Aesthetics, aesthetic Design
1	as seen on NBC's Las Vegas and Law & Order
1	as seen on NBC's Order Vegas and Law & Las
0	people cant hear you, crappy pictures, irritating buttons
0	people cant hear you, crappy pictures, release irritating buttons
0	Macro Mode, Detachable Lens Cap
0	Macro Mode, Detachable macro Lens Cap
1	Fantastic Features
1	Fantastic feature Features
1	Not too many.
1	non too many.
0	A little more difficult to use
0	A short more difficult to use
1	It's Fast and Quiet
1	It's flying and Quiet
0	Terrible hands free - design model flaw
0	Terrible hands flaw - design model free
0	Can be pushed by child sitting in back
0	behind be pushed by child sitting in back
1	Robust Design
1	Design
0	Not for &amp;quot;heavy duty&amp;quot; (uless you buy two or three)
0	Not for &AMP;quot;heavy duty&ampere;quot; (uless you buy two or three)
1	High resolution, take 3 different media cards &amp; has a nice list of shooting modes.
1	High resolving, withdraw 3 different media add-in &amp; has a nice list of shooting modes.
1	cheap storage, crisp clear beautiful photos
1	cheap storage, crisp gain beautiful photos
0	Need to buy the slim battery in order to make phone less bulky
0	Need to slenderize buy the slim battery in order to make phone less bulky
0	Big and slow.
0	Big and slack.
1	Does everything that you need a digital camera to do. Stills,movie mode close ups
1	exercise everything that you need a digital camera to do. still,movie mode airless ups
1	Impressive quality at an economic price.  
1	Impressive quality at economic price.  
1	fast, vibrant colors, reliable, 
1	fast, vibrant colors, authentic reliable, 
1	Easy to use
1	Easy use
1	Size, weight, ease of use, features (hands-free, etc.)
1	Size, weight, ease characteristic of use, features (hands-free, etc.)
0	Battery Life, No Optical Zoom, Doesn't Come with Rechargable Batteries
0	barrage Life, No Optical surge, Doesn't Come with Rechargable Batteries
1	Many features for a lower price
1	a features for Many lower price
0	battery life could be longer
0	battery life could longer be
0	Battery life is problematic. Slow camera reaction makes timing snapshots difficult.
0	Battery life is problematic. Slow timing reaction makes camera snapshots difficult.
0	No focus light for pictures in low light. Only 30 sec of video
0	No focus light for pictures in low light. Only visualize 30 sec of video
1	small, batt. life., gizmos......
1	life, batt. small., gizmos......
1	Easy Menu system, standard vibrator ring, customizable face plates
1	Easy Menu system, standard vibrator organisation ring, customizable face plates
0	Battery could be better, 16MB flash card
0	Battery could be better, 16MB winkle card
1	No monthly charges, long battery life, attractive design, durable
1	No monthly, long battery life, attractive design, durable
1	Color display, user-friendly, high-technology, fast menus, great functionality.
1	display Color, user-friendly, high-technology, fast menus, great functionality.
0	Uses batteries up real fast and the view screen is a little small
0	Uses batteries up real fast and the view screen screenland is a little small
0	8 MB Memory Stick is small
0	8 MB Memory Stick is 
0	Goes through batteries like nothing I have ever seen and the software could be a bit more user friendly.
0	Goes through batteries like nothing iodin have ever ensure and the software could be a spot more user friendly.
0	Expensive to Print, Outdated XP Drivers
0	Expensive to, Outdated XP Drivers
0	no zoom
0	zoom no
0	Quite large, no clock function, radio only available through hands free kit
0	Quite big, no clock function, radio only available through hands absolve kit
1	Excellent Print Quality!
1	Excellent Print!
0	Bad Reception,Software Issues,Horrable Customer Care
0	Bad Reception,Software Issues, Customer Care
0	$ bezel wear
0	$ wearing bezel wear
1	Cheap
1	loud
1	Small, lightweight, cool, voice dial ability, predictive text input
1	Small, lightweight, cool, vocalization dial ability, predictive text input
1	Small, inexpensive, very good resolution, excellent battery life
1	Small, inexpensive, good resolution, excellent battery life
1	cheap
1	cheap
0	too many errors
0	errors many too
0	Consumable costs / no sheet feeder for A3
0	A3 costs / no sheet feeder for Consumable
1	Easy to set up, nevers jams, very fast, quiet, best value for the money
1	Easy to set up, nevers very, jams fast, quiet, best value for the money
0	Bad zoom, slow flash and no macro.
0	Bad zoom, slow brassy and no macro.
1	nice display, large phonebook, easy to use, wonderful design
1	nice display, tumid phonebook, easy to use, wonderful design
0	Larger than flip phone, ear piece
0	Larger bit than flip phone, ear piece
0	Picture quality not as good as competition's
0	Picture quality not as good as competition's
1	beauty, ease of use, safety
1	beauty, ease of purpose, safety
0	Sometimes you forget you have it!
0	Sometimes you forget it have you!
1	small, brilliant screen, great reception, voice dial
1	modest, brilliant screen, great reception, voice dial
1	optical zoom, integrated flash
1	optical zoom, integrated twinkle
0	Drop calls and it only works in certain areas. It's not both digital and analog.
0	calls and it only works in certain areas. not both digital analog.
0	NONE (I will let you know if any come up)
0	NONE (I will let you know single if any come up)
1	Folds up compactly, Durable, Well Made, Canopy pulls all the way forward.
1	Folds up, Durable, Well Made, pulls all the way forward.
1	Cheap, works well for a single user
1	Cheap, well for a single user
1	good quality, see pictures in an instant
1	good in, see pictures quality an instant
1	takes good pictures, easy to use, ability to add lenses
1	soft takes good pictures, easy to use, ability to add lenses
1	Very portable, rugged, great "photo stitch" software.
1	Very portable, rugged, great "broken photo stitch" software.
0	small size, poor user's manual
0	small size, poor user's pitiable manual
1	Interesting design, radio, good volume, Color Screen
1	Interesting design, radio, good volume, Color well Screen
0	Battery seems to run out pretty quickly.
0	Battery seems to pretty out run quickly.
0	Very poor battery life
0	Very poor life
0	a lot, see my comments
0	A a lot, see my comments
1	Small, nice features
1	Small, features
1	Small, sleek, light; just my titanium girl style. And packed with features too!
1	Small, sleek, unhorse; just my titanium girl style. And packed with sport too!
1	Astounding Color, 7  Ink Tanks
1	Astounding colourize, 7  Ink Tanks
1	Small design, convenient address book.
1	Small design, convenient designing address book.
0	Speed, Ink Cartridge
0	Speed, Ink ink Cartridge
1	Fast, reliable, not too expensive
1	too, reliable, not Fast expensive
0	Sound quality is awful
0	Sound quality awful
0	none yet
0	yet none
1	small, calm blue backlight, excellent games.
1	small, calm backlight blue, excellent games.
0	Abysmal support, quickly orphaned
0	Abysmal support, quickly quick orphaned
0	No screen cover on camera
0	No screen cover on screenland camera
1	Cheap, still works regardless of my abuses
1	Cheap, works regardless of my abuses
1	Easy to use, great photos, the prints even turned out wonderfully
1	Easy to utilize, keen photos, the prints even turned out wonderfully
1	Good price / quality ratio, Sturdy design
1	Good price / quality ratio, proportion Sturdy design
1	rich feature; easy to use
1	rich feature; easy to sport use
1	carseat, stroller, drinktray, good cornering
1	carseat, stroller, drinktray, good tree
0	battery life, have to flip the flash
0	get battery life, have to flip the flash
0	Some ergonomic problems
0	problems ergonomic Some
1	Great quality, nice features, decent print speed.
1	big quality, nice features, decent print speed.
1	Small and light; very easy to use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Small and light; very utilize easy to use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Uses lots of ink, paper jams.
0	Uses of ink, paper jams.
1	Small size, cuteness factor
1	Small lowly size, cuteness factor
0	Slow zoom, Autofocus not as quick as some other digitals
0	slow zoom, Autofocus not as spry as some other digitals
1	Nice looking and long battery life
1	Nice looking and battery life
0	Very very slow.  Noisy.  Used lots of ink. 
0	Very selfsame very slow.  Noisy.  Used lots of ink. 
0	Size &amp; Weight
0	Size &amp; angle
0	nothing
0	zippo nothing
0	the lio battery is too expensive and isn't strong enough for this camera.
0	the lio battery is too expensive isn't strong for this camera.
0	color quality wasn't great
0	quality color wasn't great
0	Error Messages Stink
0	Messages Error Stink
1	Excellent sound quality,reception,good battery life,loaded w.features...voice dialing,etc
1	Excellent sound quality,reception,good battery life,loaded w.features...voice dialing,watt etc
0	That "do not touch" rule when lens is extending or contracting.
0	That "do not ghost" rule when lens is extending or cut.
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Two-sided printing, quiet, long lasting ink cartridges, envelope feed, quality print
1	Two-sided printing, tranquilize, long lasting ink cartridges, envelope flow, quality print
0	Very Big Printer.
0	Very bad Printer.
0	Requires heavyweight paper for best results, small ink tanks
0	Requires heavyweight paper for results, small ink tanks
0	Initial Price, Potential Ink Waster
0	Initial Price, Ink Waster
0	Antenna Stinks-always breaking, Phone belt holder is to big!
0	Antenna Stinks-always breaking, Phone belt holder is constitute to big!
1	Can be picked up cheap. High  quality to last you a couple more years. 
1	Can brace be picked up cheap. High  quality to last you a couple more years. 
1	small, durable, dual band, built in calendar features and AOL IM,
1	small, durable, dual ring, built in calendar feature and AOL IM,
0	no speakerphone, low ring volume unless you manually change it through programming menu, expensive games
0	no speakerphone, low ring volume unless you manually change menu through programming it, games expensive
0	the memory stick that comes with it is too small
0	the memory stick comes that with it is too small
1	compact and lightweight
1	press and lightweight
0	Slow, bad print quality, jams often
0	Slow, bad mark quality, jams often
0	Uses up batteries fairly quickly.
0	Uses up batteries fairly.
0	Durability of Product,
0	Durability of,
1	ultra-compact design, easy to use
1	ultra-compact design, well-situated to use
0	the price of $400.
0	the Price of $400.
1	Sturdy, basic phone. Low price. Great quality.
1	Sturdy, basic phone. terms Low price. Great quality.
0	The whole phone!
0	The hale phone!
1	LQ quality, bluetooth, 1.3 megapixel camera, nice sound
1	LQ quality, bluetooth, 1.3 megapixel camera, sound
1	Simplicity, cord bundle, Photo Quality
1	Simplicity, cord bundle, photograph Quality
0	Don't be lazy, read the review.
0	Don't brushup be lazy, read the review.
0	Mediocre reception, quiet ring.
0	Mediocre reception, ring quiet.
1	High Quality Pictures, Easy to Use, Floppy Format, Great Price
1	High Pictures, Easy to Use, Format, Great Price
1	The IS-22 Scanner Attachment is great
1	The IS-22 Scanner Attachment great
0	A little heavier than I would want but not too heavy
0	A little heavier too I would want but not than heavy
1	it is really easy to use. , 
1	easy is really it to use. , 
1	Cheap
1	garish
0	Many of the features don't work right.
0	Many of the features ripe don't work right.
1	size, flip
1	size, 
0	must use speakerphone or handsfree device, battery life short, menus hard
0	must speakerphone or handsfree device, battery short, menus hard
0	Poor picture quality
0	picture Poor quality
1	All-in-one is handy, great price, great quality
1	All-in-one is expectant handy, great price, great quality
0	Slow menu, useless camera, screen poor in sunlight, weak battery life, mediocre reception
0	Slow menu, useless camera, screen poor in sunlight, feeble battery lifespan, mediocre reception
1	Camera, Aim Intergrated, WAP, 65k color
1	Camera, color Intergrated, WAP, 65k Aim
0	Just don't forget to put down the paper tray
0	Just don't forget to paper down the put tray
0	Dark indoor photos
0	Dark indoor 
1	very light, and small
1	small light, and very
0	Lack of AC adapter
0	Lack of actinium adapter
1	Tiny, great sound (ringing, talking, music), Nokia reliability, easy to use & customize, flight mode
1	Tiny, great sound (ringing,, music), Nokia reliability, easy to use &, flight mode
0	Breaks when dropped on ceramic tiles
0	Breaks when on ceramic tiles
0	None that I have seen!
0	None suffer that I have seen!
0	No where near the quality of other digital cameras
0	no where near the quality of other digital cameras
0	initial price
0	price initial
0	Image quality not as good as my&amp;#13;&amp;#10;roommate's Canon Elph S100.
0	Image quality good as S100 as my&amp;#13;&amp;#10;roommate's Canon Elph not.
1	One of the best optical zooms &amp; easy to operate!
1	One of the best optical zooms &amp; operate to easy!
0	Still comes with only a 8MB CF card
0	Still comes with only a 8MB CF wit
0	Small viewing screen
0	Small screen viewing
1	high quality with a low price
1	high quality a with low price
0	never worked correctly; Cannon will not replace with new printer
0	never worked correctly; right Cannon will not replace with new printer
1	5 pages per minute in black&amp;#13;&amp;#10;and 2 in color
1	5 pages per minute in black&amp;#13;&amp;#10;and 2 in color
1	Nice colors, safe car seat
1	colors, safe car seat
1	Compact, Full of features, Great image quality, Easy to transfer files, Long-life battery, MemoryStick compatibility, Sony Quality
1	Compact, Full of boast, Great envision tone, Easy to transfer files, Long-life battery, MemoryStick compatibility, Sony Quality
0	only analog, flimsy antenna
0	only analog, flimsy feeler
0	Aging when compared to newer models.
0	Aging when to compared newer models.
1	great picture quality, lots of features. MPEGs with sound
1	great figure quality, lots of features. MPEGs with sound
1	Compact, easy to use.
1	to, easy Compact use.
0	Total zoom gets blurry
0	blurry zoom gets Total
0	SLOW
0	slow
1	Inexpensive, no paper jams, true color performance, prints evenly and quickly
1	Inexpensive, paper jams, true color, prints evenly and quickly
1	Navigation stick, Price
1	Price stick, Navigation
0	Horrable Battery Life, Sucky Service, Sucky Customer Support!
0	Horrable Battery Life, Sucky servicing, Sucky Customer Support!
1	Excellent quality on color and black ink.
1	Excellent quality on color splendid and black ink.
1	Good Photo quality printing
1	Good Photo printing
0	Ink Cartridge Runs Out A Little Too Quickly
0	Ink Cartridge escape Out A Little Too Quickly
0	I can't think of anything I don't like
0	I can't think of anything I don't guess like
1	color screen, external display, calendar
1	coloring screen, external display, calendar
1	Easy to use, color printer,  photocopier, and scanner.  Relatively quick printing.
1	Easy to function, color printer,  photocopier, and scanner.  Relatively spry printing.
0	BATTERY LIFE STINKS, DURABILITY STINKS
0	BATTERY DURABILITY STINKS, LIFE STINKS
0	None!
0	none!
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	Weak vibrate, format, long antenna stub, Transflash flash
1	LIGHT WEIGHT, Durable,ALMOST STATIC FREE.
1	WEIGHT, Durable,ALMOST STATIC FREE.
1	Fast f1.8 lens, Excellent picture quality, 32 mb internal memory buffer, good battery life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	riotous f1.8 lens, excellent painting quality, 32 mb internal memory buffer, good battery life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Gorgeous!  Sounds great, looks even better.
1	Gorgeous!  Sounds great, looks wait even better.
0	It hasn't the programmable features of costlier printers.
0	It programmable the hasn't features of costlier printers.
0	Resolution not good for larger prints (8X10 or larger), price, storage media limitation
0	not good larger prints (8X10 or larger), price, storage media limitation
1	small, lightweight, cool faceplates, voice recognition, inexpensive
1	small, cheap lightweight, cool faceplates, voice recognition, inexpensive
1	Great copies, Quiet, solid, reliable, good technical support.
1	Great copies, technical, solid, reliable, good Quiet support.
0	fax lacks ability to work with Office XP addresses; continual envelope jams
0	fax lacks ability XP work with Office to addresses; continual envelope jams
0	Slow auto focus, Gets confused in low light conditions
0	Slow auto focus, Gets confused in light conditions
1	Lightweight, features, looks
1	Lightweight, features, jackanapes looks
1	Brillian color. Extremely fast.
1	Brillian colourize. Extremely fast.
1	Truly Pocketable. Affordable. Fast. Perfect with Bluetooth headsets. Tip Calculator & World Clock features!
1	Truly features. Affordable. Fast. Perfect with Bluetooth headsets. Tip Calculator & World Clock Pocketable!
1	Inexpensive
1	inexpensive Inexpensive
1	Classy looking, nice fabric patterns, big canopy, reversible handle
1	Classy looking, handle fabric patterns, big canopy, reversible nice
0	can not put any weight in basket on on handle or will flip.
0	can not put any weight cast in basket on on handle or will flip.
0	external buttons, recharge cradle, menu structure
0	external buttons, recharge provenience, menu structure
1	Excellent photo printing
1	Excellent photo 
0	Software Freeze up
0	Freeze Software up
1	Includes easy to use camera and mp3 audio player.  Decent voice/sound quality.  Decent reception.
1	Includes easy to use camera and mp3 receipt audio player.  Decent voice/sound quality.  Decent promiscuous reception.
1	takes floppy disc and is easy to use.
1	charter floppy disc and is easy to use.
0	Cheap, No USB cable included.
0	Cheap, no No USB cable included.
0	Focusing is a little harder than with a normal camera.
0	a is Focusing little harder than with a normal camera.
0	not mastiff-proof ;)  sometimes drops calls in a very specific area
0	not mastiff-proof ;)  sometimes inward drops calls in a very specific area
0	not the very highest in image resolution.
0	not the non very highest in image resolution.
1	Compact Size, Stylish, ergonomic design, 14 scene modes, amazing macro function.
1	Compact Size, size Stylish, ergonomic design, 14 scene modes, amazing macro function.
0	LCD viewfinder difficult to use in daylight. Short delay before picture is taken.
0	LCD viewfinder difficult to use in daylight. short-circuit delay before picture is take.
0	none
0	none
0	Need more pixels!!
0	more pixels!!
0	slow in taking a picture
0	slow in taking a inwards picture
1	cheap
1	cheap
0	Can't get cool ring tones, text messaging, or cool graphics
0	Can't get cool tones ring, text messaging, or cool graphics
0	cannot use without base, handle is awkward, 2 recalls within 1 year, expensive
0	cannot use base, handle is awkward, recalls within 1 year, expensive
1	Good features and nice screen.
1	ripe features and nice screen.
0	Eats up batteries like a crazed iranian terrorist
0	Eats up batteries like a crazed terrorist
0	Small size might be a problem
0	Small size might be amp a problem
1	Solid built, Radio, SMS and more....
1	substantial built, Radio, SMS and more....
0	Grainy pictures, expensive for its quality
0	quality pictures, expensive for its Grainy
1	A feather-light, easy phone to use, even for a first-timer!
1	feather-light, easy phone to use, even for a!
1	Small, flip cover, decent menu system, general feature set is good
1	menu, flip cover, decent Small system, general feature set is good
0	S100 only has an ISO setting of 100, and digital zoom is not seamless.
0	S100 only has an ISO position of 100, and digital zoom is not unseamed.
1	Small good digital outdoor shots
1	Small good digital outdoor guess
1	Voice dial, stylish appearance, personalized ringtones
1	vocalize dial, stylish appearance, personalized ringtones
1	Size, flip feature
1	Size, switch feature
1	high quality pictures, looks, tons of features
1	high quality pictures, looks, tons features
0	Few manual features
0	few Few manual features
0	only holds 8 normal sized photos, photos very low quality
0	only detainment 8 normal sized photos, photos very downcast quality
1	Small, light, easy to use.  No nonsense phone when you just want to call someone.
1	Small, light, easy to use.  phone when you just to call someone.
0	Poor, Horrible Quality
0	poor, Horrible Quality
0	Not very loud, not always as clear as other phones.
0	very, not always as clear as other phones.
1	Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
1	Better digital signal reception; decent.
1	Inexpensive
1	Inexpensive
1	Great images, feature rich
1	Great images, feature deep
0	analog TDMA phone,No Smart Card,Bad voice Quality,Average Signal,Avg Battery,Cannot Receive&send OP logos,ringtones
0	analog TDMA phone,No Smart Card,Bad voice parallel Quality,Average Signal,Avg betoken Battery,Cannot Receive&send OP logos,ringtones
0	Price.
0	Price.
1	Great resolution
1	Great 
1	Picture Quality, features, USB connectivity, included accessories
1	connectivity Quality, features, USB Picture, included accessories
1	Easy to use, VERY clear pictures
1	Easy to use, very VERY clear pictures
1	Good quality text and graphics, reasonably fast
1	Good quality text and graphics, fast
0	none
0	none
0	Could have better quality.
0	Could have meliorate quality.
1	small, 5 pixels
1	, 5 pixels
0	No sync tools yet
0	tools sync No yet
0	at least consider about it
0	at least moot about it
1	Finest Quality; Fast Print Speeds; Quiet; Reliable; 4 Independent Ink Cartridges
1	Finest Quality; Fast Print Speeds; Quiet; Reliable; 4 Independent ink Ink Cartridges
1	Very Durable, takes reasonably nice pictures, reasonable price. Doesn't drop calls.
1	very Durable, takes reasonably nice pictures, reasonable price. Doesn't cliff calls.
0	Uncanny hardware problem.  Cannot focus well in dark light or close-up.
0	Uncanny focus problem.  Cannot hardware well in dark light or close-up.
0	Flash doesn't throttle down well for macros, slightly softer images (not big deal).
0	scud doesn't throttle down well for macros, slightly softer effigy (not big deal).
1	speed when frequently used.
1	fastness when frequently used.
0	No self timer.
0	No self nobelium timer.
1	Remotely attractive.
1	attractive Remotely.
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	This model phone calls Motorola is not their best, drops from.
0	Drivers conflict with Internet, Fax Option Dropped
0	Drivers conflict with Internet, Fax Option unload
1	Small, VERY durable, Great pictures, Lots of manual overrides
1	Small, VERY durable, Great pictures, lasting Lots of manual overrides
1	The 5MG camera is high quality
1	The 5MG camera high quality
0	Instructions are sometimes vague.
0	Instructions education are sometimes vague.
1	Affordable, 12ppm,  good print, cool features, small, easy setup, quick startup
1	Affordable, 12ppm,  good print, cool features, small, quick setup, easy startup
0	Delay from when you click to take the picture and when it actually takes
0	Delay from when you click dawn to take the picture and when it actually takes
1	Easy to use, cheap price
1	Easy apply to use, cheap price
1	Lightweight &amp;amp; Easy to Close
1	Lightweight &amp;amp; Easy to shut
1	Relatively compact compared to an SLR with similar zoom features
1	Relatively compact compared features an SLR with similar zoom to
0	None
0	None
1	Pretty blue case, thin and light
1	Pretty blue and, thin case light
0	battery life, optional ac adaptor, up close pic quality
0	battery spirit, optional ac adaptor, up close pic quality
1	Size, Features, GOBS of options
1	Size, Features, of GOBS options
0	Poor Phonebook design, low sounding through ear bud.
0	Poor Phonebook design, low sounding through bud.
1	Cheap, sturdy, easy to use
1	gaudy, sturdy, easy to use
1	Easy to use. Great quality pictures. Simple image transfer process. Good menu system.
1	Easy to use. Great quality pictures. Simple system transfer process. Good menu image.
1	Easy install, prints gorgeous photos, text on plain paper quite crisp. 
1	Easy install, prints gorgeous photos, text on plain paper quite instal crisp. 
1	5 different flash modes, easy to operate, supplied storage disk
1	5 different flash modes, easy to operate, loose supplied storage disk
0	The i1000 model is a little complicated
0	The complicated model is a little i1000
0	Lackluster color, HORRIBLY expensive ink.
0	Lackluster expensive, HORRIBLY color ink.
0	Only 2 images sizes 1600X1200 and 640X480.&amp;#9;&amp;#9;&amp;#9;
0	Only 2 images sizing 1600X1200 and 640X480.&A;#9;&amp;#9;&amp;#9;
1	Beautiful design quality.
1	Beautiful quality.
0	drink tray jiggles a little bit
0	a tray jiggles drink little bit
1	Numerous features, color screen, light
1	light features, color screen, Numerous
0	Battery charge indicator not very useful.
0	Battery excite indicator not very useful.
0	Poor signal performance, scratches easily.
0	performance signal Poor, scratches easily.
1	Ease of use.  Instructions.  Price.
1	Ease Instructions use.  of.  Price.
1	Excellent Images.  Movie Mode! Lots of adjustment options.  Long battery life.
1	Excellent Images.  Movie Mode! lifetime Lots of adjustment options.  Long battery life.
1	Fast and cheap, Inks are great (and expensive). Parallel interface works with print servers.
1	Fast and cheap, Inks are great (immobile and expensive). Parallel interface works with print servers.
0	Ink can be costly
0	Ink can be pricy costly
1	Easy to use, takes GREAT pictures, full of features.
1	full to use, takes GREAT pictures, Easy of features.
1	Sony quality. Ease of use. Decent pictures. Loads of fun.
1	Sony quality. Ease of use.. Loads of fun.
1	Carl Zeiss lens, clear sharp photos
1	Carl Zeiss lens, lense clear sharp photos
0	unintuitive GUI, 1 day battery life, crashes, breaks when you drop
0	unintuitive GUI, 1 day battery life, bead crashes, breaks when you drop
1	Overall Ruggedness, Battery life,Price picture clarity, ease of use.
1	Overall Ruggedness, life,Price picture clarity, ease of.
1	cute shape, bluetooth, the themes you can set, mp3 player, camera, clear speakerphone
1	cute chassis, bluetooth, the themes you can set, mp3 player, camera, exculpate speakerphone
0	Software difficult to install and does not work well with XP
0	Software difficult to and does not work well with 
0	Screen is a bit dark, but not a real problem for me..
0	Screen is problem bit dark, but not a real a for me..
1	comes with 16MB card, autofocus, only uses 2 batteries, price
1	comes with 16MB card, autofocus, 2 batteries, price
0	the viewfinder can be hard to use in direct sunlight
0	the viewfinder can be hard to consumption in head sunlight
1	Nice Design, Makes brilliant copies
1	copies Design, Makes brilliant Nice
1	Compact, lightweight, comes with a RECHARGEABLE BATTERY. Excellent quality.
1	Compact, lightweight, fare with a RECHARGEABLE BATTERY. Excellent quality.
1	They've stopped making them.
1	They've stopped-up making them.
0	Not extremely fast
0	extremely Not fast
1	Quality and Reliability
1	and Quality Reliability
1	Not too expensive.  Pretty good close ups.  Built VERY sturdy.
1	Not ups expensive.  Pretty good close too.  Built VERY sturdy.
0	Poor battery life (nickel metal), fragile antenna, AND A BAD SCREEN.
0	Poor battery life (shelling nickel metal), fragile antenna, AND A BAD SCREEN.
1	wide  enough  to  drive and  make  calls
1	 enough  to  drive and  make  calls
1	amazing features, tough and durable
1	amazing features, tough and 
0	Ink cartridges -cost to much and frequently be replaced
0	Ink cartridges -cost to much interchange and frequently be replaced
0	I want to touch it all the time.
0	I want adjoin to touch it all the time.
0	Ink cartridges are expensive
0	cartridges are expensive
0	Vibrating feature not standard, antenna
0	Vibrating feature not standard, received antenna
0	Newer cameras have past this one bye (sorry Polaroid) :(
0	Newer cameras have this one bye (sorry Polaroid) :(
0	Poor quality,clarity is horrible-both ends.Poor reception.Too long of a list.
0	Poor quality,clarity is horrible-both ends.Poor reception.angstrom Too long of a list.
1	Speaker phone, games, many different rings, calculator, etc.
1	Speaker phone, etc, many different rings, calculator, games.
1	Reclines, Padded seat
1	Reclines, Padded buns
0	Only loads into computer half the time with associated software
0	Only loads into computer the time with associated 
0	Can't use Recharge Batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Bad Battery life
0	Can't use Recharge Batteries&big amp;#13;&amp;#10;Bad Battery life
1	Fast, beautiful prints, Cheap
1	, beautiful prints, Cheap
1	lightweight, inexpensive
1	jackanapes, inexpensive
1	Unbeatable for the cost. Has parallel and USB connections.
1	Unbeatable for the cost. take parallel and USB connections.
0	No lens cover, no case included
0	No lens cover, case no included
0	Pricey but you can find great deals on the internet
0	Pricey but you can great deals on the 
1	Greatest printer ever built
1	Greatest printer built
1	All around good phone, easy to use, nice display, good reception
1	All some full phone, easy to use, nice display, good reception
0	NONE
0	NONE
1	easy to fold and open, car seats snap in and come out easy
1	easy prat to fold and open, car seats snap in and come out easy
1	Good picture quality, features, Compact Flash media, build quality, great accessories
1	Good picture quality, features, Compact Flash media, build quality, constrict great accessories
0	batteries don't last long, (but that's normal)
0	batteries don't utmost long, (but that's normal)
0	bad reception w/some plans in some areas
0	some reception w/bad plans in some areas
0	No zoom, cant get it to download after about 6 months, pic screen defunct
0	no zoom, cant flummox it to download after about 6 months, pic screen defunct
1	Quality printing, great price
1	Quality choice printing, great price
1	Great price for great quality!
1	Great price great for quality!
0	Battery life and zoom
0	bombardment life and zoom
0	Service
0	avail Service
1	nice price, easy interface, many features
1	nice, easy interface, many features
1	Small size, good looks, voice dialing, good clarity and volume, decent battery life.
1	Small size, good looks, life dialing, good clarity and volume, decent battery voice.
0	Takes awhile to learn all options, slower burst rate than 3030 but who needs faster?
0	Takes to learn all, burst rate than 3030 but who needs faster?
1	Very nice print quality, compact design
1	Very nice print prime, compact design
1	standard flash-sync port and complete manual controls!
1	standard flash-sync port complete manual controls!
0	Just plain doesn't work.
0	work plain doesn't Just.
1	Outstanding print quality. Impressive efficiency. Overall, outstanding value.
1	prominent Outstanding print quality. Impressive efficiency. Overall, outstanding value.
0	limited space,bulky
0	limited space,
1	It takes high quality pictures.
1	It high takes quality pictures.
1	Picture quality, price, two sided copies
1	Picture quality, price, simulate two sided copies
1	Small, 3x optical zoom, intuitive controls.
1	Small, 3x optical, intuitive controls.
0	Doesn't scan 4X6 color prints very well.
0	Doesn't scan 4X6 color mark very well.
0	some phase contrast problems
0	contrast phase some problems
0	Toner is a bit expensive
0	Toner bit a is expensive
1	looks, quality, software
1	looks, quality, spirit software
0	Doesn't print glossy or large prints
0	Doesn't OR print glossy or large prints
1	IS SMALL SIZE AND AND FLOPPY DISK OPTION EXCELLENT QUALITY.
1	IS SMALL SIZE AND AND FLOPPY DISK diskette OPTION EXCELLENT QUALITY.
0	Can't print multiple pages on a single page
0	on print multiple pages Can't a single page
1	Dirt Cheap Initial Cost, 1 Year Warranty, Easy Setup, Good Print Quality
1	Dirt Cheap Initial Cost, Warranty, Easy Setup, Good Print Quality
1	Lightweight, easily customized, relatively inexpensive, good clarity
1	Lightweight, easily customized, relatively clarity, good inexpensive
1	Excellent photographic quality.
1	excellent photographic quality.
0	Not high quality
0	Not quality high
1	Free phone,great sound quality,easy to use with more features than older model.
1	Free phone,great sound quality,easy to use with more features than older enceinte model.
0	Not as easy to use as some other phones, evident cost cutting
0	Not as easy to use evident some other phones, as cost cutting
1	Easy to use, intuitive design
1	Easy to use, intuitive apply design
1	Photo quality, ease of use, LCD display, included 8MB Smartmedia card
1	Photo quality, ease of use, LCD display, included presentation 8MB Smartmedia card
1	Clear and quality pictures, day or night, view screen.
1	Clear and quality pictures, day or night, view.
0	Family a little upset.
0	home a little upset.
0	Very few cons, except the skimpy 8MB card that come with it
0	few cons, except the skimpy 8MB card that come with 
1	this is a very user friendly camera.
1	this is rattling a very user friendly camera.
1	All cellular phone companies claim that Motorola has the best reception.  Lots of frills
1	All cellular phone companies claim that Motorola estimable has the best reception.  Lots of frills
0	slow printing, so so print quality
0	slow printing, so so publish quality
1	size,bluetooth,color display,battery life
1	size,bluetooth,color life,battery display
0	hard on batteries, no real owners manual
0	hard owners batteries, no real on manual
0	very badly designed user-interface/hotkeys.
0	very badly designed user-interface/project hotkeys.
0	Confusing Menus
0	Confusing 
1	easy to use. tiny. audio recorder, MP3 player, camera, and movie recorder in one device.
1	easy to enjoyment. tiny. audio recorder, MP3 player, camera, and film recorder in I device.
1	Slim, Time your call, Vibrate & Ring, Remote control Voice Dial
1	Slim, Time your call, Vibrate & thin Ring, Remote control Voice Dial
0	The screen is not color, phone does not look the best.
0	The is not color, phone does not look best.
0	sound quality
0	quality
0	bad reception
0	high-risk reception
0	A little on the bulky side.
0	A on little the bulky side.
1	Lightweight, Easy access to "Quiet" Mode
1	Lightweight, Easy entree to "Quiet" Mode
1	none
1	none
0	Expensive, I hope the costs of ink cartridges comes down soon.
0	Expensive, single hope the costs of ink cartridge comes down soon.
1	Great price, print quality 
1	Great price, print 
1	price, excellent quality, 2 cartridges (one color, one black), ability to print directly from digital camera storage media, you can copy data from a memory card in the printer to your computer
1	damage, splendid quality, 2 cartridges (one emblazon, unity bleak), ability to print directly from digital camera repositing media, you can copy data from a memory card in the printer to your computer
0	confusing
0	fox confusing
0	Occasional Delay in recieving IM Messages, No Camera, "Large" for some, GPRS not EDGE.
0	Occasional postponement in recieving IM Messages, No Camera, "Large" for some, GPRS not edge.
1	Easy to get started, good value for price, crystal clear LCD
1	Easy to get started, good value promiscuous for price, crystal clear LCD
0	shutter remains open too long, causes blurriness without tripod
0	remains open too long, causes blurriness without tripod
1	Reasonable price, good features for the money
1	Reasonable price, expert features for the money
1	Easy to use.  Great pictures for the price!
1	Easy to use.  Great for the price!
0	proprietal hands-free jack
0	proprietal hands-free 
0	SLOOOOW!
0	SLOOOOW!
0	None
0	None
0	Antenna Close to Head, Some Problems with Call Quality
0	Antenna cheeseparing to Head, Some Problems with Call Quality
0	Needs a lot of light
0	Needs a lot of lighting
0	If you can't get consistent sound on a mobile phone, what's the use!!!???
0	If you can't phone consistent sound on a mobile get, what's the use!!!???
1	Rugged, durable, withstands silly secretaries
1	tough, durable, withstands silly secretaries
1	Great ease of use, multifunctional, great features
1	Great ease of neat use, multifunctional, great features
1	Convenient, easy to use, good swivel lens options, overall respectable results.
1	Convenient, easy to use, respectable swivel lens options, overall good results.
0	Expensive at first but this IS a business printer after all.
0	Expensive at maiden but this represent a business printer after all.
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Speaker volume, &amp; Durability
1	Speaker volume, &amp; utterer Durability
0	Want to take pic's all the time
0	Want to take pic's the time
0	Irritating Lens Design that zooms out every time you power up the camera.
0	nark Lens aim that zooms out every time you power up the camera.
0	eats batteries, no carrying case, only 4MB memory
0	eats batteries, no carrying instance, only 4MB memory
0	service on nextel SUCKS!! cheap
0	Service on nextel SUCKS!! cheap
1	small body, crisp images
1	small body, scrunch images
0	Expensive, heavy, small baskets
0	Expensive, heavy, minor baskets
1	Cheap, good picture quality, zoom
1	Cheap, good picture quality, 
0	No light on the watch you can't tell the time at night.
0	observe No light on the watch you can't tell the time at night.
0	Slower than a Ronco infomercial
0	Slower than infomercial Ronco a
0	A little hard to hold, a bit fuzzy
0	A little voiceless hard to hold, a bit fuzzy
1	Funky, sexy, easy to use
1	to, sexy, easy Funky use
0	fragile, unreliable 
0	unreliable, fragile 
1	Excellent detail, superb resolution, prints suppose to last from 140-200 years, USB and parallel.
1	Excellent detail, superb resolution, prints imagine to endure from 140-200 years, USB and parallel.
1	It was free.  Even street price is cheap
1	It was street.  Even free price is cheap
0	Mid-range price
0	Mid-range terms price
1	small and light weight, battery life. great ringers. External Caller ID/ time display.
1	small and light weight, battery life. great ringers. External Caller ID/ weightiness time display.
0	fragile, stock memory card is not sufficient, short battery life
0	, stock memory card not sufficient, short battery life
0	Slow download to computer via P/port cable
0	Slow download to via P/port cable
0	Lots of technical glitches
0	Lots glitches technical of
1	1.Back Lite 2.Speaker phone 3. Games for the kids .Pictures
1	1.Back Lite 2.Speaker phone 3. Games the for kids .Pictures
1	very nice image, attractive, good ergonomics,  
1	very nice image, attractive, good,  
0	Not the highest quality you would expect.
0	Not the highest prize you would expect.
1	All of the Above
1	All of the 
0	Menu is a little complex and is to big to fit in your pocket.
0	Menu is a little complex and is to big to handsome fit in your pocket.
0	battery life, cheesy onscreen graphics
0	battery, cheesy onscreen graphics
0	a little bulky, flash is not automatic
0	a little bulky, flash non is not automatic
1	Inexpensive, small form factor / footprint, relatively simple paper feed
1	Inexpensive, small form factor / feed, relatively simple paper footprint
1	low initial price
1	toll low initial price
1	Small, reliable, long battery life
1	Small, reliable, long battery minor life
1	nice design, comfortable, built-in radio, wireless internet
1	nice design, comfortable, built-in internet, wireless radio
1	Unsurpassed macro ability, 4X zoom, 6X review, ergonomics
1	macro ability, 4X zoom, 6X review, ergonomics
0	Packed with annoying features - try before you buy
0	Packed with features - try before you buy
0	none (in use since late 2000)
0	none (in use late since 2000)
0	Kind of big as cell phones go.
0	Kind of big as cell phones.
1	small size yet retains features of the C-line of Olympus Cameras
1	small retains yet size features of the C-line of Olympus Cameras
1	Speed, Cost, Quality
1	Speed, cost, Quality
1	Design was a nice idea
1	nice was a Design idea
0	Expensive - according to R.S.P.
0	Expensive - consort to R.S.P.
0	none
0	none
1	Easy to use
1	to use
1	Simple Design, Easy Use
1	Simple Design, Easy 
0	If you want a telephoto lens or wide-angled lens, you have to spend additional bucks.
0	If you desire a telephoto lense or wide-angled lens, you have to spend additional shoot.
1	The best picture print quality ever!!!!!, average priced ink cartriges, great software and utilities
1	best picture print quality ever!!!!!, average priced ink cartriges, great software and 
0	I did not like how heavy and big the phone is.
0	how did not like I heavy and big the phone is.
1	Sleek looking, within most budgets, great usability
1	great looking, within most budgets, Sleek usability
1	replaceable printer heads, inexpensive ink alternatives, low starting cost
1	replaceable printer heads, inexpensive ink alternatives, down starting cost
0	Blurry pictures, expensive ad-ons required, in shop 2 times in 1st year
0	hazy word-painting, expensive ad-ons required, in shop 2 times in 1st year
0	None. Well an extra battery sure wouldn't hurt. 
0	None. Well an extra battery sure hurt. 
0	Power button somewhat hard to get at, need to pay attention to not covering speaker
0	Power button somewhat hard, need to pay attention to not covering speaker
1	Prints High Quality Graphics to 11X17
1	Prints High Quality timbre Graphics to 11X17
0	No rechargeable batteries &amp; the SmartMedia card is too small!
0	rechargeable batteries &amp; SmartMedia card is too small!
0	A little big, and a little heavy, could use a little more storage and resolution.
0	A footling big, and a little big, could habit a little more storage and resolution.
1	Fast, Pretty, Functional design.
1	Fast, Pretty, passably Functional design.
1	good clear pictures, good color prints
1	good prints pictures, good color clear
0	Some lighting issues (but could be user error!)
0	Some lighting issues (but could user error!)
1	High Resolution, Cool Features, More Photo Control
1	High, Cool Features, More Photo Control
1	Lightweight, nice visual display, menus are easy to navigate.
1	Lightweight, nice visual display, menus are gentle to navigate.
1	place for infant seat, reclining seat, seatbelts in every position
1	place for infant seat, reclining seat, indium seatbelts in every position
1	very slim. nice design. big screen
1	very slim. design. big screen
1	Picture Quality &amp;amp; Software Bundle are excellent.
1	characterisation Quality &amp;amp; Software Bundle are excellent.
0	Only flaw is the lack of internal antenna.
0	Only the is flaw lack of internal antenna.
0	Battery life not great if you use the phone much.
0	Battery life not great if you habit the call much.
1	Good for inexpensive snapshots
1	Good snapshots inexpensive for
1	High resolution shots, multiple shooting modes, large review screen
1	resolution High shots, multiple shooting modes, large review screen
1	Fast, good quality, cheap ink tanks
1	Fast, good ink, cheap quality tanks
1	very affordable
1	very rattling affordable
0	Doesn't do much besides print
0	Doesn't do much print
1	floppy disk drive, steady shot, excellent picture quality
1	floppy disk drive, steady inject, excellent picture quality
0	Price. Night time pics. Welcome to the sony memory stick trap.
0	Price. Night time pics. Welcome memory the sony to stick trap.
1	Dependable, Affordable, Great Battery
1	Dependable, Affordable, Great 
0	Durability may not be great. Hard to handle.
0	Durability may not be whitethorn great. Hard to handle.
1	Durability, Clarity, Battery Life
1	Durability, Clarity, barrage Life
1	Easy to open/close, 5-point harness
1	easy to open/close, 5-point harness
0	Autofocus Time, Lens Cap
0	Autofocus Time, Cap
0	Zoom feature
0	Zoom characteristic feature
1	Voice activated dialing. Good battery life. Cool blue backlight. Great price.
1	Voice activated dialing. life. Cool blue backlight. Great price.
0	battery hogger, but has rechargeable batteries included
0	battery hogger, has rechargeable batteries included
0	Slow
0	Slow
1	Feature rich, great quality, simple design.
1	Feature rich, simple quality, great design.
1	Prints &amp; copies nicely &amp; is attractive.
1	attractive &amp; copies nicely &amp; is Prints.
0	Noticibly a Nextel Phone
0	Noticibly a Nextel phone
1	Color Screen, Battery Life!, Brightness, Easy Navagation, Caller ID display on the outside!
1	Color concealment, barrage Life!, Brightness, Easy Navagation, Caller ID display on the outside!
0	Short battery life, most user settings are not saved when the camera is turned off
0	Short battery sprightliness, most user settings are not write when the camera is grow off
0	Everything Else!!!.....Poor quality of manufacturing and software design.
0	figure Everything Else!!!.....Poor quality of manufacturing and software design.
1	price, performance
1	performance, price
1	lg LED Screen Back lit. All in one degsin
1	lg LED Screen Back. All in one degsin
0	Holster, battery life
0	Holster, battery living
1	Beautiful Machine
1	Beautiful beautiful Machine
1	print and scan quality decent
1	print and scan skim quality decent
1	vivid color pictures, sharp text
1	graphic vivid color pictures, sharp text
1	Looks cool
1	Looks aplomb
1	Small size, microscreen in viewfinder, 3x optical zoom
1	humble size, microscreen in viewfinder, 3x optical zoom
0	Poor durability, costly to repair, terrible HP customer service experience.
0	Poor durability, costly to haunt repair, terrible HP customer service experience.
0	a little pricey
0	a pricey
1	Very Lightweight,Has Speakerphone and Vibration features.
1	Very Lightweight,Has Speakerphone and features.
0	Doesn't work properly, poor customer service, noisy, slow
0	Doesn't work properly, poor customer Service service, noisy, slow
1	Compact, free-angle LCD, optical zoom, memory stick media, movie mode with sound.
1	Compact, free-angle spiritualist LCD, optical zoom, memory stick media, movie mode with sound.
0	Cost of ink cartridges
0	Cost cartridge of ink cartridges
1	Widely supported, Consistent Quality, Prints envelopes and supports fan-fold paper
1	Widely supported, Consistent stomach Quality, Prints envelopes and supports fan-fold paper
0	Only 16 MG of internal memory, Secure Digital is the only memory upgrade avaliable.
0	Only sixteen 16 MG of internal memory, Secure Digital is the only memory upgrade avaliable.
1	Stability, comfort
1	comfort, Stability
1	Crisp and clear images, professional and elegant design, 8x zoom is magnificent
1	Crisp and 8x images, professional and elegant design, clear zoom is magnificent
1	Great reception, and pretty durable
1	reception, and pretty durable
1	Great Quality Pictures&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Comes with all the extras you need
1	Great Quality Pictures&amp;#;&amp;#10;Comes with all the you need
1	Speaker Phone, Color Screen, Size, Signal Strength
1	Speaker Phone, Color Screen, Size, bespeak Strength
1	Big, bright screen.  High speed. Great speakers.  Camera, video camera and light. Battery life.
1	Big, bright screen.  High speed. Great speakers.  Camera, video clear camera and light. Battery life.
1	Affordability. Reliability. Ease of use.
1	Affordability. Reliability. Ease of reliableness use.
0	low resolution
0	resolution low
0	can't seem to change the color....
0	change seem to can't the color....
0	None that I have come across
0	None that I have hail across
0	Speed is slow on high-resolution and color graphics.
0	Speed is slow on high-resolution boring and color graphics.
1	Fabulous pic quality, many manual features
1	Fabulous pic caliber, many manual features
0	none so far
0	far so none
1	A perfect product , the 10X optical Zoon ,in total is high quality product.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	A perfect product , the 10X optical Zoon ,in highschool total is high quality product.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&prime amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Compact, flexible, light.
1	Compact, flexible, unclouded.
1	Excellent quality. Good settings/functions for the common user.
1	Excellent quality. splendid Good settings/functions for the common user.
1	Battery life, Flash
1	Flash life, Battery
0	Could use focus assist light for dark focusing
0	Could use focus assist light for obscure dark focusing
1	lightweight, screen on front cover
1	lightweight, screen on cover
0	difficult indoor photos
0	difficult hard indoor photos
1	Inexpensive, easy, great photos
1	Inexpensive, easy, great 
0	Batteries seem to run down quick, flash pics stay dark until snapped.
0	Batteries stay to run down quick, flash pics seem dark until snapped.
1	Great price, wonderful pictures
1	Great terms price, wonderful pictures
1	Small Size
1	Size Small
0	pricey
0	pricey
1	Maneuvers well, very good turning ration AND looks great
1	Maneuvers turning, very good well ration AND looks great
1	Quality of image,  great lens; range of features and accessories available.
1	lineament of image,  great lens; range of features and accessories uncommitted.
1	Compact and inexpensive
1	Compact inexpensive and
1	Nice features set, nice looking Pictures
1	Nice nice set, features looking Pictures
1	cheap, good resolution
1	good, cheap resolution
1	Individual Color Tanks, Size, Printer Price
1	single Color Tanks, Size, Printer Price
1	2 MEGAPixel camera, excellent night shots
1	excellent MEGAPixel camera, 2 night shots
0	Worst phone ever made. Trash, don't waste your money on them.
0	Worst phone ever made. Trash, don't your money on.
1	Excellent functionality/features, very good image quality
1	fantabulous functionality/features, very good image quality
1	Memory
1	retentivity
1	build quality, size, voice dialing
1	build quality, size, spokesperson dialing
0	Little hard on Batteries
0	minuscule hard on Batteries
0	terrible headset connector, high radiation level, no vibrate
0	headset terrible connector, high radiation level, no vibrate
0	Price. But hey, it's great technology.
0	. But hey, it's great technology.
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	Large screen, reception clear and great functions
0	Eats a lot of batteries
0	Eats a mass of batteries
0	shutter lag, seems heavy despite small size
0	shutter lag, seems heavy despite sound small size
0	drinks ink fast, many undocumented features
0	drinks ink fast, many undocumented fasting features
0	Grip a little awkward for large hands.
0	Grip a for awkward little large hands.
0	Frustrating buttons, poor sound quality, frustrating user interface, annoying charger
0	Frustrating buttons, misfortunate legal quality, frustrating user interface, annoying charger
0	Batteries, doesn't come with a case
0	Batteries, doesn't with a case
1	Excellent photos, connectivity, size and functions
1	Excellent connectivity, photos, size and functions
1	Dependable, good quality
1	Dependable, skillful good quality
0	A little on the heavy side for what size it is
0	A little the heavy side for what size is
1	Very high quality, quick text printing, vibrant colors.
1	colors high quality, quick text printing, vibrant Very.
1	Somewhat small footprint, and it is a true Laser printer.
1	Somewhat small footprint, and it is a true Laser laser printer.
1	Storage, printing quality
1	quality, printing Storage
1	Small, cute tv screen, I got money back after rebate, custom features
1	belittled, cute tv screen, I sire money back after rebate, custom features
1	FAST, great graphics, USB support
1	great, FAST graphics, USB support
0	Poor battery life, flash issues
0	Poor battery life, twinkling issues
0	Terribly slow text output.
0	slow Terribly text output.
1	Inexpensive and quiet
1	Inexpensive cheap and quiet
1	If you are looking for quality and afforability, look no further
1	If you are search for quality and afforability, bet no further
0	horrible results
0	horrible effect
1	Rugged and durable camera takes quality photos. Now a real bargain at $200 range.
1	Rugged and durable camera takes quality Now. photos a real bargain at $200 range.
1	price, robust, quality, usability
1	price, quality, robust, usability
1	Good voice-dialing
1	Good 
0	Calling glitches. Belt clip not included. Address book is clunky to use.
0	Calling glitches. Belt clip not included. Address book is use to clunky.
1	Battery life is outstanding
1	Battery life is salient
0	lots issues with Java Script. issues with T-Mobile email system. not good for business people
0	lots issues with Java Script. issues proficient with T-Mobile heap email system. not good for business people
1	drop in charger
1	in drop charger
0	none!
0	none!
1	Features, voice clarity, reception, camera, durability
1	Features, voice clarity, reception, camera, response durability
0	Pathetic ring tones, not as user friendly as I would like
0	Pathetic ring tones, not as user friendly as I miserable would like
0	price, bought it because of rebate offer that never developed.
0	price, bought it because of rebate crack that never prepare.
1	takes great pictures and still cheap
1	takes great and still cheap
1	Quality of photos, size of camera, and yes, price!
1	character of photos, size of camera, and yes, price!
1	Functions very well as a webcam, good storage capacity
1	run very well as a webcam, good storage capacity
1	compact, nice looking, flash, good quality pics during day light, 8 mb memory
1	compact, nice looking, honorable flash, good quality pics during day light, 8 mb memory
0	Not as fast as fast as I had hoped.
0	Not fast as as fast as I had hoped.
1	Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	quality screen, good battery life, clear connection, Big camera
1	Sleek, fast and great photo prints
1	Sleek, fast great and photo prints
0	expensive in reality
0	expensive in realness
0	Awkward battery compartment, bad placement of power button
0	locating Awkward battery compartment, bad placement of power button
1	solid construction, small size, ease of use
1	solid construction, small, ease of use
0	Too much of a reddish cast given to most indoor pictures.
0	Too much of reddish cast given to most pictures.
1	Price &amp; Quality!
1	Price &amp; timbre!
1	Great camera!
1	Great!
0	NO OPTICAL ZOOM, No carrying case, no folder browsing for images or mp3's
0	NO OPTICAL ZOOM, No carrying case, no folder browsing mp3's images or for
0	Slow menus, poor placement of mico SD slot, hard to dial by touch.
0	Slow menus, poor placement of mico SD slot, dial by touch.
1	long battery life
1	long battery 
1	inexpensive, crisp, vivid text and color presentations
1	inexpensive, presentations, vivid text and color crisp
0	bad drivers, doesn't meet even my minimum standards
0	bad drivers, doesn't meet even my standards
0	None
0	None
0	Build quality poor.  No optical zoom.  Microphone on top of camera where your finger rests.
0	quality.  No optical zoom.  Microphone on top of where your finger rests.
1	COLOR SCREEN/ OUTER SCREEN/ SPEAKER PHONE
1	COLOR SCREEN/ proscribed OUTER SCREEN/ SPEAKER PHONE
0	Amount of memory needed which tends to slow your PC
0	memory needed which tends to slow your PC
0	Technical problems from the start
0	Technical problems from start
1	Ease of operation
1	Ease of functioning operation
1	An affordable replacement that adds lacking features of previous 120 models
1	An affordable replacement that adds lacking features of previous cxx 120 models
1	Cheap, quality pictures, easy to use, very portable
1	Cheap, quality pictures, easy to employment, very portable
0	cost of operation
0	cost of procedure
0	$800 is still a lot, despite that its a GREAT VALUE compared to the competition
0	$800 is still a lot, despite that distillery its a rival GREAT VALUE compared to the competition
1	Cheap.
1	cheap Cheap.
1	Compact, Easy to use, Canon
1	use, Easy to Compact, Canon
1	Really Great Looking Pictures. Good Price. 
1	Really groovy Looking Pictures. Good Price. 
1	Takes good photos of rats.
1	Takes good photograph photos of rats.
1	Fast printing, great quality
1	Fast heavy printing, great quality
1	Petite, Attractive Design, Lightweight, Easy to travel with/use, Nice photo quality
1	Petite, Attractive Design, Lightweight, Easy to travel with/quality, Nice photo use
0	too big
0	boastfully too big
0	Difficult to install USB drivers.
0	Difficult drivers install USB to.
0	Hard to find in stores
0	Hard to ascertain in stores
1	small, lightweight, luminated keypad
1	small, lightweight, keypad luminated
0	Noisy Turning on and off.
0	Noisy Turning on slay and off.
0	IF you are in Kansas City - it dosen't work.
0	IF you are in Kansas City - it dosen't shape.
1	Nikon Quality, Feature Rich, Manual Control
1	Quality, Feature Rich, Manual Control
0	price, size of basket
0	price, basket of size
1	Inexpensive
1	cheap Inexpensive
1	Very small and light
1	Very and light
0	Can't think of any
0	whatever Can't think of any
0	Lots of People Have Them
0	Lots scads of People Have Them
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
0	piddling bulky but easily agree in pocket....other than that nothing else
0	None
0	none None
0	Battery
0	battery
0	$$$ Price
0	$$$ Price
0	The one I bought does not perform consistently at all
0	bribe The one I bought does not perform consistently at all
0	Slow, Loud, not that much better in quality that other similarly priced printers
0	Slow, Loud, not that much better in quality that other similarly unspoilt priced printers
1	I got it for cheap, good battery life and good reception.
1	good got it for cheap, I battery life and good reception.
1	price
1	Price
0	fare in low light conditions, flash isn't very strong
0	fare in low light conditions, really flash isn't very strong
0	cannot download rings or logos, no vibrate, no clock, inaccurate gauges, convuluted menus.
0	cannot download rings card or logos, no vibrate, no clock, inaccurate gauges, convuluted menus.
0	Using finalized mini cd in computers is still a challenge to use with other software
0	Using finalized mini candela in computers is relieve a challenge to role with other software
0	Battery life in talk mode
0	Battery life mode talk in
0	READ BELOW
0	READ read BELOW
1	One word describes this camera - TINY.  This is, without a doubt the best feature.
1	One word the this camera - TINY.  This is, without a doubt describes best feature.
1	Size, Battery Life, Battery compatible with Sony Camcorders, Picture quality and Manual Settings
1	Size, Battery Life, Battery compatible with shelling Sony Camcorders, Picture quality and Manual Settings
0	Hard to use with one hand
0	Hard to use with one utilization hand
0	battery life
0	spirit battery life
1	excellent image quality, flexible, powerful!
1	excellent image quality,, powerful!
1	Easy to use, instructions clear, great pictures.
1	elucidate Easy to use, instructions clear, great pictures.
0	none
0	none
1	small, lightweight, durable, easy to use
1	small, lightweight, durable, easy to undestroyable use
1	Floppy disc storage media, 14x zoom (With steady shot), manual aperture and speed control
1	Floppy disc storage media, 14x zoom (manual steady shot), With aperture and speed control
1	fair price
1	price
0	standard 8mb not enough memory
0	standard 8mb non not enough memory
0	none
0	none
0	When using monitor battery lasts very short
0	When using monitor battery live very short
1	Great price
1	smashing price
1	Fun for events, very light weight
1	Fun events, very light weight
1	Light, very thin, easy to use, stylish, long battery life, Great Reception
1	illumination, very thin, easy to utilise, stylish, long battery life, Great Reception
1	Very easy to use
1	Very easy to apply use
1	Great pictures, nice software bundle, comes with AC adapter and 8MB memory card
1	Great pictures, nice software bundle, comes with AC adapter and 8MB exposure memory card
1	cheap
1	punk cheap
1	Crisp, clear photos with extreme ease of use
1	Crisp, clear photos with ease of use
0	Bulky. &#13;&#10;Not many bells and whistles.
0	Bulky. &#13;&#10;Not many bells and.
0	For my use there are very few - close-ups only 20 cm
0	For only use there are very few - close-ups my 20 cm
0	Noise, ink sprayer clogs, devours ink
0	Noise, ink pig sprayer clogs, devours ink
1	Quality, Stores a lot of photos at high res.
1	Quality, Stores a lot of res at high photos.
1	Great quality! Does a fine job.  Photos look great! Very efficient!
1	Great quality! Does fine job.  look great! Very efficient!
0	The battery life is not nearly as long as advertised.
0	battery is not nearly as long as advertised.
0	pricey cartridges
0	pricey pickup
1	A very solid, reliable phone
1	A very phone, reliable solid
0	frys brain, not too good inside of thick walls.
0	frys brain, good too not inside of thick walls.
1	Great image quality, good manual  overrides, nice looks and ergonomics. 
1	overrides image quality, good manual  Great, nice looks and ergonomics. 
1	Does it all
1	it all
0	No Vibrate
0	No 
1	Functional, stylish design, easy to use, and easy to read screen
1	, stylish design, easy to use, and easy read screen
1	Good battery life
1	life battery Good
1	Laser Printer and Legal Flatbed Copier
1	Laser Printer Legal Flatbed Copier
1	Great styling, attractive interface, speakerphone capability, voice quality, ease of use.
1	Great styling, attractive interface, speakerphone, voice quality, of use.
1	low price
1	price low
1	Great price, excellent performance
1	Great Price, excellent performance
1	Very light weight and compact, good quality pictures, versatile.
1	Very light weight compact, good quality pictures, versatile.
0	haven't found any yet!
0	yet found any haven't!
1	camera, small, appears durable
1	camera, small, appears 
0	save your money
0	save money
0	Rare face plates cause bouts of jealousy in other Nokia owners
0	Rare other plates cause bouts of jealousy in face Nokia owners
0	It's costly
0	It's 
0	no carrying case
0	no carrying 
0	seems a little flimsy
0	small seems a little flimsy
0	Zooming drains battery life, no viewfinder
0	Zooming drains bombardment battery life, no viewfinder
0	Short Battery Life, Slow uploads
0	slow Short Battery Life, Slow uploads
1	Great speed and quality, very affordable
1	Great speed and, very affordable
0	Loud, high priced, and not that great on black text.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Loud, high priced, and not that great amp black text.&on;#13;&amp;#10;
0	How to get it fixed. I'd still like to know.
0	How to stimulate it fixed. I'd inactive like to know.
0	HORRIBLE signal issues, "quirks"
0	HORRIBLE signal issues, ""
0	Can't lock keys to prevent accidental dialing, ringer not loud enough
0	Can't lock keys to dialing accidental prevent, ringer not loud enough
1	excellent, photo quality, reasonable price, setup is flawless, ink is cheap at COSTCO
1	excellent, photo prize, reasonable price, setup is flawless, ink is trashy at COSTCO
0	3 text lines on display, bad battery life, none infrared port
0	3 text lines on exhibit, big battery life, none infrared port
1	Light, easy steering
1	Light, easygoing steering
1	Excellent quality, lots of features, mini movie with sound
1	Excellent quality, lots features, mini movie with sound
0	what good is a warranty?
0	what guarantee good is a warranty?
1	superb pic quality, easy of use
1	superb pic quality, soft easy of use
0	price
0	terms
1	Fast, good quality full page photo printing, reads memory cards.
1	Fast, salutary quality fully page photo printing, reads memory cards.
0	None in my book!
0	None in my al-Qur'an!
1	cheap ink, good speed and resolution
1	cheap ink, good and speed resolution
1	Inexpensive, fairly easy to take a picture
1	Inexpensive, fairly easy to take a consume picture
1	excellent quality, quiet, prints directly from flash memory
1	excellent quality, quietly, prints directly from flash memory
0	Price
0	cost Price
1	Small, full-featured, great image quality, great price
1	Small, full-featured, great great quality, image price
1	Hey, I got a great price on it
1	Hey, I got a great on it
0	No optical zoom. SM card too small.
0	No optical zoom. SM too card small.
1	Many functions usable from printer panel or computer.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good software included.
1	Many functions usable printer panel computer.&;#13;&amp;#10;Good software included.
1	Cool design and durability
1	sang-froid design and durability
0	slow, only &amp;quot;ok&amp;quot; quality
0	slow, only &amp;quot;ok&;quot; quality
1	Lightweight, Good Quality, Easy to Maneuver
1	Lightweight, thoroughly Quality, Easy to Maneuver
0	No lens cover
0	No lens 
1	Small size, lots of functions, great price. It's a Nokia.
1	size, lots functions, great price. It's a Nokia.
1	Reasonably Priced
1	Priced Reasonably
0	poor quality on photo's
0	hapless quality on photo's
1	Print Quality is excellent, fairly fast
1	Print Quality is excellent, fairly 
1	Small camera; intuitive menus; great pictures
1	Small great; intuitive menus; camera pictures
1	Size, style, features
1	Size, dash, features
1	great for casual users, nice features for price range, easy to use
1	great features casual users, nice for for price range, easy to use
1	price
1	price
0	Rather large footprint, slow, and ink tends to dry up when not used frequently. 
0	Rather large footprint, slow, and ink big tends to dry up when not used frequently. 
1	good quality prints
1	full quality prints
1	Cheap, Reliable, Accurate, Excellent print quality
1	brassy, Reliable, Accurate, Excellent print quality
0	manipulating copier controls (enlarging/reducing) from front panel is cumbersome. 
0	manipulating copier controls (enlarging/reducing) panel is cumbersome. 
1	Simultaneous Alarm Clock, text friendly, handy, all weather proof etc.
1	Simultaneous Alarm friendly, text Clock, handy, all weather proof etc.
0	can be slow to print, setup may take over an hour to install and register software
0	can be tardily to print, setup whitethorn withdraw over an hour to install and register software
0	Cartridges get stopped up ALL THE TIME, must be replaced (costs 2x printer)
0	cartridge Cartridges get stopped up ALL THE TIME, must be replaced (costs 2x printer)
0	The camera was not made to be universal!
0	The camera was to made not be universal!
1	Cheap!
1	Cheap!
1	lightweight, folds easily with one hand, steers well
1	lightweight, folds easily with one hand, well
0	print shade
0	print spook
0	This one is easy, the price.
0	This I is easy, the price.
1	Small,like a rock,design,through t-mobile!
1	low,like a rock,design,through t-mobile!
0	Poor battery performance, terrible reception
0	Poor battery performance, frightful reception
1	Compact, easy to use
1	Compact, easy use to
1	Its small and compact with great features.
1	Its small and compact great features.
0	Too expensive
0	expensive Too
1	Nice looking
1	Nice reckon looking
1	Rugged, good display, great integration of phone and Palm PDA.
1	, good display, great integration of phone and PDA.
1	Most advanced model in standard, a voice set, cable and earphone in a package
1	Most advanced model in standard, a voice set, cable and earphone in a line package
1	Great color screen, good volume, nice size.
1	Great color screen, good volume, colourise nice size.
0	I haven't had any reason to complain yet!
0	I haven't had nonetheless any reason to complain yet!
0	Non-Color Screen.  No external screen.
0	Non-Color external.  No Screen screen.
0	Not as compact compared to flip phones, Small Display
0	Not compact compared to flip phones, Small Display
1	Very easy setup and installation
1	setup easy Very and installation
1	Small, Light, Cute looking, Cool White Backlight, Easy to use menus
1	Small, Light, Cute looking, Cool White use, Easy to Backlight menus
1	Great picture quality, rechargeable batteries last quite a while
1	finally Great picture quality, rechargeable batteries last quite a while
0	higher price
0	higher 
0	Battery tends to go dead fast.
0	Battery tends to whirl go dead fast.
0	none yet
0	none 
1	great graphics, 4x pictures, skinny phone
1	great graphics, 4x scene, skinny phone
1	Net ready, voice activated dialing, vibrating, crystal clarity, and verizon service!
1	Net cook, sound activated dialing, vibrating, crystal clarity, and verizon service!
1	Great deal for the money!
1	Great deal for the!
0	drains down batteries fast
0	drains down fast
1	Lots of manual settings, 58mm lens/filters can be used
1	Lots of, 58mm lens/filters can be used
0	EXPENSIVE!
0	expensive EXPENSIVE!
0	bad battery life, bad reception, expensive, outdated technology
0	bad bombardment life, bad reception, expensive, outdated technology
0	limited storage
0	define limited storage
0	Poor reception, Phone crashes and locks up.
0	Poor reception, Phone crash and locks up.
1	Great reception!
1	reception Great!
1	Nice camera
1	camera
1	excellent picture quality, good construction and feel, nice size
1	excellent picture fantabulous quality, good construction and feel, nice size
0	Low resolution
0	Low 
1	QUIET, fast, inexpensive, easy to use interfaces, bright colors, USB capability
1	to, fast, inexpensive, easy QUIET use interfaces, bright colors, USB capability
1	Good scan speed, and scan quality.  Easy to use, affordable, small footprint.
1	Good scan speed, and scan quality.  Easy tone to use, affordable, small footprint.
1	Camera
1	camera
1	Easy, Convenient, Lightweight
1	Lightweight, Convenient, Easy
1	good print quality
1	good impress print quality
1	No more film, easy to use.
1	pic No more film, easy to use.
0	Paper jams sometimes, bad rollers
0	sometimes jams Paper, bad rollers
0	Buggy software, fragile beltclip, non-existent battery life.
0	Buggy software, fragile beltclip, non-existent life.
1	Small, durable, many features
1	Small, features, many durable
1	Easy to learn to use
1	to Easy learn to use
0	The battery life seems to be a bit on the short side.
0	life seems to be a bit on the short side.
0	It's a brick, freezes regularly, screen on sunny days, serial connection
0	It's a brick, freezes regularly, screen on serial days, sunny connection
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, protract Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
0	Ring signal volume is low and poor picture quality.
0	Ring signal volume is low and poor picture character.
1	features, portability
1	portability, features
0	ink vanishes, poor support, noisy, cheap for a reason
0	ink meretricious vanishes, poor support, noisy, cheap for a reason
0	Very bad speaker which vibrates, and Vibrate ringer is very weak
0	Very bad vibrates which speaker, and Vibrate ringer is very weak
1	Very easy to use, takes wonderful Photos&amp;#13;&amp;#10;highly recommended.
1	Very soft to utilisation, takes wonderful Photos&amp;#13;&amp;#10;highly recommended.
1	It's size is nice.  It is easy to use for the most part.
1	It's size is nice.  It is well-to-do to habituate for the most part.
1	Size (small)
1	(small)
0	took awhile to get used to
0	took awhile to get to
1	easy to use, takes clear pictures
1	easy comfortable to use, takes clear pictures
0	No on/off button. No set up instructions or printed manual.
0	No manual/off button. No set up instructions or printed on.
1	Very easy to use
1	Very easy use
1	Comfortable design, amber backlight, good signal, great design for actually talking for extended periods.
1	Comfortable design, amber backlight, adept signal, great design for actually talking for go periods.
0	Outer shell tends to get scratched rather easily, battery life is lower then average.
0	Outer shell incline to get scrape rather easily, battery life is lower then average.
1	prints clearly
1	clearly
0	poor reception compared to similar phones
0	inadequate reception compared to similar phones
1	Great reception! Quite durable, aside from water.Changeable covers and easy to use.
1	Great reception! Quite durable, aside from water.Changeable covers and slow easy to use.
1	small and lightweight, easy to use
1	small and lightweight, well-heeled to use
0	None.
0	none None.
0	That little rubber flap covering the left side
0	That little rubber flap the covering left side
0	flimsy flip top, uncomfortable against the ear, elaborate programming methods are confusing
0	flimsy flip the, uncomfortable against top ear, elaborate programming methods are confusing
1	Small, lightweight, feature loaded, protected LCD, and integrated lens cover.
1	, lightweight, feature loaded, protected LCD, and lens cover.
1	Quality prints and fast printing
1	Quality prints and dissipated printing
1	Tons of features, wireless internet.
1	Tons wireless features, of internet.
1	nice look, durable,big canopies for both,easy fold up
1	nice look, durable,big canopies for both,easy see fold up
1	Nice and compact
1	and compact
0	Loud, picky
0	, picky
1	Great camera at a great price - crystal clear stills and movies with audio.
1	Great camera at a great At price - crystal clear stills and movies with audio.
0	no optical zoom, no USB Interface
0	no optical zoom, Interface USB no
1	Fast Printing,Some Cool gadgets for those who need them, low cost ink
1	Fast Printing,Some Cool gadgets for those who need them, low ink cost
0	Have to close the camera to view pictures on the screen
0	Have to close the camera impression to view pictures on the screen
1	easy, fits easily in a purse or some bigger pockets, price
1	easy, fits easily in a purse or slowly some bigger pockets, price
1	Lots of features for a "cheap" phone.
1	Lots of features for a "phone" cheap.
0	A bit large
0	A bit 
0	No included AC adapter, low optical zoom, weak action shots
0	No included AC adapter, depleted optical zoom, weak execute shots
1	Excellent_picture_quality, Functionally diverse, Compact metal case, Retracting_lens with_built-in lens-cover, light_weight and_very_small, photo-stitch, Lithium_Ion battery, Uncompressed_format
1	Excellent_picture_quality, Functionally various, Compact metal font, Retracting_lens with_built-in lens-cover, light_weight and_very_small, photo-stitch, Lithium_Ion barrage, Uncompressed_format
0	Does not have caller groups where you can separate callers with different ring tones.
0	Does not have caller groups where you can separate callers with different echo chant.
1	Camera and video a plus.  good reception.
1	Camera and video a plus.  safe reception.
0	Blurry pictures for minimal action shots; lag time.
0	Blurry pictures for minimal shots; lag time.
0	Can't record videos
0	Can't read videos
1	Small, Lithium battery, Great colours
1	Small, Lithium battery, colours
0	a little bigger than StarTac
0	a little great than StarTac
0	Almost too small, feels like a toy, speakerphone is useless
0	Almost spirit too small, feels like a toy, speakerphone is useless
0	No real "fancy" functions. No digital display for previewing. 
0	No real "fancy" see functions. No digital display for previewing. 
1	Compact, excellent photo quality, weather proof, user friendly  , 
1	Compact, excellent photo quality, friendly proof, user weather  , 
0	Battery life, Slow Message writing, No MMS or GPRS
0	Battery life, Slow publish Message writing, No MMS or GPRS
1	Good color, fast output, easy to operate.
1	Good color, fast output, to easy operate.
1	Style and substance, compact size, loaded with features.
1	Style and size, compact substance, loaded with features.
0	Battery endurance. Ergonomics.
0	battery endurance. Ergonomics.
1	price, top feed system
1	price, top bung feed system
0	none that I have found
0	that I have found
1	Compact, Clarity, Ease of Use, BlueTooth, IR modem
1	Compact, Clarity, Ease of Use, BlueTooth, Ir IR modem
0	8 mb supplied card is weak! :) Advanced features can seem overwhelming.
0	mb supplied card is weak! :) Advanced features can overwhelming.
1	Good size, easy operation, good options good battery life.
1	Good size, easy operation, good options serious battery life.
0	Hard to see subject in viewfinder at low light with FL20
0	Hard to see subject in viewfinder at FL20 light with low
1	speed, quality, dependability
1	speed, character, dependability
1	Easy to carry, just point and shoot
1	Easy to carry, just steer and shoot
1	none
1	none
1	The LCD display and key pad functionality are excellent.
1	The LCD display and central key pad functionality are excellent.
0	none
0	none
1	super low price of $60, 2 MB memory, AA battery operated, LCD, simple to use
1	super toll low price of $60, 2 MB memory, AA gloomy battery operated, LCD, simple to use
0	Small keys
0	keys Small
1	Great Quality and Affordable
1	cracking Quality and Affordable
0	LENS CAP!, Lack of a zoom feature, Propriety USB connection
0	LENS detonator!, want of a zoom feature, Propriety USB connection
0	Everything else
0	else
1	Good quality,Inexpensive,Versatile
1	choice Good quality,Inexpensive,Versatile
1	Feature rich, good performance, excellent battery life, great overall value.
1	Feature performance, good rich, excellent battery life, great overall value.
0	antenna is easy to hit
0	to is easy antenna hit
0	too small, hard to navigate compared to other phones, screen hard to read, low rings
0	too small, to navigate to other phones, screen to read, low rings
0	price, weight, size, response time
0	, weight, size, response time
0	Initial Memory Card Size (16mb), Proprietary Battery Pack
0	Initial Memory Card Size (16mb), Proprietary barrage Battery Pack
1	small, light, good resolution, well priced
1	small, light, good resolution, solvent well priced
0	you can't zoom, poor quality pics, friend's with better cameras laugh at you
0	you can't zoom, poor quality pics, friend's with better cameras laugh at film you
0	Battery life is horrible!!  Small buttons difficult to navigate.
0	Battery life is horrible!!  low buttons difficult to navigate.
0	AWFUL, AWFUL, AWFUL menu system.
0	AWFUL,, AWFUL menu system.
0	None
0	none None
0	The car base is extra big to put in the middle seat of our volvo.
0	The car base is extra self-aggrandizing to commit in the middle nates of our volvo.
1	Wonderful Quaility
1	grand Wonderful Quaility
1	Low Cost, Easy To Use, USB Interface, Acceptable Picture Quality
1	Low Cost, Easy To, USB Interface, Acceptable Quality
0	clarity, connectivity
0	clearness, connectivity
1	Great pictures , lots of options, 10x optical zoom!
1	pictures , lots of options, 10x optical zoom!
1	a lot , i imagine
1	a lot , passel i imagine
0	Non-standard windows drivers.
0	Non-standard windowpane drivers.
0	Feels awkward at first due to weight and shape, cheap lens cap &amp;amp; battery holder, and long flash delay
0	Feels awkward at low due to weight and shape, trashy lens detonator &amp;amp; battery holder, and yearn flash delay
0	Cheesy stylus, maximum 128MB memory capacity.
0	capacity stylus, maximum 128MB memory Cheesy.
1	Take over a 100 pics and easy to carry around. 
1	Take over a 100 ended pics and easy to carry around. 
0	Incompatibility with other services
0	with other services
1	Great when it works, Great in handling multiple paper sizes.
1	Great when it works, Great in multiple paper.
1	Great Options 
1	Options Great 
0	Long time between photos, bad in low-light conditions, HP charges for driver downloads now
0	Long time between photos, bad horsepower in low-light conditions, HP charges for driver downloads now
1	Cheap, light weight and easy to use
1	Cheap, light weighting weight and easy to use
1	So easy to use it's scary
1	thus easy to use it's scary
0	only enough memory for 30 - 35 pictures at a time
0	only enough time for 30 - 35 pictures at a memory
0	Huge in Size, Breaks Down Continually, too many features.
0	Huge in Size, Breaks Down Continually, too many sport.
0	No sound in movie mode, color tends to red in low light
0	No sound movie mode, color tends red in low light
1	size, metal casing, great looks, outside caller id and info screen, tri-band GSM, GPRS
1	size, metal casing, looks, outside caller id and info screen, GSM, GPRS
1	A real "convergence device"&#13;&#10;Acts as portable hard disk
1	A as "convergence device"&#13;&#10;Acts real portable hard disk
0	for $35?  none
0	none $35?  for
0	Complicated USB installation , not as fast as promised on the box, and expensive  ink refills.
0	Complicated USB installment , not as riotous as foretell on the box, and expensive  ink refills.
0	Hard to hear another call coming in if you are already on a call.
0	Hard to hear another call coming in you are on a call.
1	Long, Long and I really mean long battery life, small, good reception.
1	Long, Long and I really mean long battery life, small, good bastardly reception.
0	No basket, but no umbrellas do.  The mesh bag is sufficient/standard for umbrella strollers.
0	No basket, bag no umbrellas do.  The mesh but is sufficient/standard umbrella for strollers.
0	Can turn on in your pocket, weak flash
0	seat turn on in your pocket, weak flash
1	Inexpensive, looks good, simple to use
1	Inexpensive, attend good, simple to use
1	Easy to use, good resolution, high quality.
1	resolution to use, good Easy, high quality.
1	Speakerphone, VibraCall, DirectConnect
1	VibraCall, Speakerphone, DirectConnect
1	Good clarity, solid construction, great features, decent size
1	solid clarity, Good construction, great features, decent size
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
0	A fairly minor hiccups
0	video is not really that great, but oh well.
0	video is not non really that great, but oh well.
0	No external antenna jack
0	external No antenna jack
0	I'm a network administrator and even I found the phones menus to be confusing.
0	I'm a meshwork administrator and even I find the phones menus to be confusing.
1	A 4-Megapixel Camera at a low price!
1	A 4-Megapixel Camera a at low price!
1	Great Pictures
1	Pictures
1	The best on the market
1	The best the market
1	Good quality print images
1	Good print images
0	too large for your pocket, slow processor, buggy firmware, circular keypad
0	too large for sac your pocket, slow processor, buggy firmware, circular keypad
1	Many Features, Easy Access, Speakerphone
1	Many Features, speakerphone Easy Access, Speakerphone
1	Stylish
1	Stylish
1	Easy to use, beautiful pictures.
1	utilize Easy to use, beautiful pictures.
0	Almost nothing
0	nothing
1	Great ride, reversible handle, good storage space, front and rear wheels lock, etc.
1	Great ride, reversible handle, good storage space, front and rear wheels expectant lock, etc.
1	Small, inexpensive, has flash, good picture quality for under $100.
1	Small, inexpensive, has blink, good picture prime for under $100.
1	Ease of use, user friendly, light weight.
1	Ease light use, user friendly, of weight.
0	Never works right, slow, expensive ink cartridges
0	Never works right,, expensive ink cartridges
1	Price, good for simple things, quality is decent.
1	Price, decorous good for simple things, quality is decent.
0	4-way Navigation Button &amp; Proprietary Battery
0	4-way Navigation Button &amp; A Proprietary Battery
0	uses 2 AA batteries, 640X480 resolution, the largest memory card you can use in it is a 8 meg 
0	uses 2 AA batteries, 640X480 is, the largest a card you can use in it resolution memory 8 meg 
1	Flat bed floor under 5 month old.
1	Flat bed floor under old month 5.
0	no USB
0	no 
0	battery life pretty short when using LCD
0	battery life pretty when using LCD
0	None that I could find.
0	None find I could that.
0	Removable Lens Cap, Lack of software
0	Removable Lens of, Lack Cap software
1	Low price, ease of use, high &amp;quot;bang for the buck&amp;quot;
1	Low price, ease of use, high &amp;quot;bang for A the buck&amp;quot;
0	Fairly long disc-access time, large size for non-SLR
0	Fairly long disc-access time, large size for farseeing non-SLR
0	Reliability, large size, bad LCD, slow
0	Reliability, large size, bad LCD, 
1	Simple, no-frills, looks decent, buttons have a good feel, unlike almost all newer phones
1	Simple, no-frills, looks decent, buttons have a goodness feel, dissimilar almost all newer phones
1	Can keep in pocket.  Takes great pictures.
1	Can keep in pocket.  Takes great keen pictures.
1	Many great functions with large screen and buttons.
1	Many great functions with large screen and.
1	Great Photos
1	Photos
0	None
0	none None
0	It glitches on occasion, but doesn't everything.  This does it less, though.
0	It glitches it occasion, but doesn't everything.  This does on less, though.
0	Front slider easily broken
0	Front slider easily bump
1	Color screen, polyphonic ringtones, very portable.
1	Color test screen, polyphonic ringtones, very portable.
1	Small, lightweight, fast and easy photo transfer to the computer
1	Small, lightweight, fast whippersnapper and easy photo transfer to the computer
1	Great Pictures, Easy of loading into a PC with diskette, 16x Zoom, 1.3 Mega Pixels
1	Great Pictures, Easy of loading into diskette PC with a, 16x Zoom, 1.Pixels Mega 3
1	Fun, nice software, takes decent pics for the price
1	Fun, nice software, adopt decent pics for the price
0	You only get what you pay for.
0	You only you what get pay for.
0	No LCD.  Menus are less than clear.
0	No LCD.  Menus are cost less than clear.
0	Quiet Ringer. Sketchy Speakerphone and Handset sound. Useless Airplane mode. T-Zones Overkill.
0	still Ringer. unelaborated Speakerphone and Handset sound. Useless Airplane mode. T-Zones Overkill.
1	Integrated palm pilot
1	Integrated palm archetype
0	small basket
0	minor basket
0	Camera layout is bad
0	Camera layout bad
1	It's a printer...
1	printer a It's...
0	No voice dial, I really miss that . . .
0	No vocalize dial, I really miss that . . .
0	Poor built-in flash. Little flexibility in settings. Stability in question.
0	Poor built-in flash. flexibility settings. Stability in question.
1	Very strong design, ease of use, clear display.
1	Very strong design, ease of identical use, clear display.
0	Torturous belt clip; battery on its last breath; no alarm clock.
0	Torturous belt clip; battery last breath; no alarm clock.
0	Everything else!
0	Everything else!
1	optical zoom
1	optical 
1	floppy disk memory medium
1	floppy storage disk memory medium
0	None
0	none
0	Size/geometry, resolution vs. alternatives
0	Size/geometry, result vs. alternatives
0	prepaid minutes more expensive
0	prepaid bit more expensive
0	No Sound recording. Poor software package.
0	No Sound immortalise. Poor software package.
0	Not many service providers offer this phone.
0	Not many servicing providers offer this phone.
0	Somewhat heavy with batteries, battery muncher
0	pretty heavy with batteries, battery muncher
1	cartridges won't put a whole in your wallet, it is small, dual cartrage system
1	cartridges won't put your whole in a wallet, it is small, dual cartrage system
0	Malfunctions Easily (see documented cases below)
0	Malfunctions (see documented cases below)
1	Small,Easy to use
1	Small, to use
0	no dc input, usb connection only, no picture effects
0	no dc no, usb connection only, input picture effects
0	Everything else
0	Everything 
0	see:&#13;&#10;http://www.epinions.com/content_48058371716&#13;&#10;
0	10:&#13;&#10;http://www.epinions.com/content_48058371716&#13;&#see;
0	Heats up after about 15 minutes talk time.
0	Heats up after time 15 minutes talk about.
0	Inferior reception when compared to the older Nextel phones, high price no longer justified
0	Inferior reception when compared to the older Nextel phones, high cost no longer absolve
0	Runs out of ink very fast. Expensive to change cartridge.
0	Runs out of ink very fast. dissolute Expensive to change cartridge.
1	Size and Weight, awesome clear screen,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Size and Weight, xiii awesome clear screen,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Features, user interface, build quality, battery life,
1	Features, user interface, build, battery life,
1	DURABILITY, size
1	size, DURABILITY
0	great  acting
0	great  playing
1	USB, Smart Media card expands storage and transfer options, pictures are crisp and clear
1	expands, Smart Media card USB storage and transfer options, pictures are crisp and clear
1	Great quality, exceptional speed, quiet
1	unruffled Great quality, exceptional speed, quiet
0	None.
0	None.
0	PRICE!
0	Price PRICE!
1	Nice size and heft, panorama shots.
1	Nice stab size and heft, panorama shots.
1	Very durable, internal antenna, simple animation. Text message, email, even AOL Instant Messanger capable.
1	Very selfsame durable, internal antenna, simple animation. Text message, email, even AOL Instant Messanger capable.
0	Minor design flaws
0	Minor innovation flaws
0	cartridge size, time of use
0	cartridge size, time of 
0	I'm still waiting for my second replacement
0	I'm still waiting second my for replacement
0	Have to use Hewlett Packard supplies
0	Have to use Packard supplies
0	Not for big Jobs or office use
0	Not for big Jobs or use office
0	no support CompactFlash, a little slow, poor batteries
0	support CompactFlash, a little slow, poor batteries
0	None
0	none None
0	Too delicate
0	delicate Too
1	Car seat is excellent, very sturdy, stroller works well for a baby.
1	Car seat is excellent, very sturdy, well works stroller for a baby.
0	toner cartridge life.  Postscript driver does not support 1200 bpi--only 600 bpi. Graphics not up to HP standards.
0	toner cartridge life.  postscript driver does not suffer 1200 bpi--only 600 bpi. art not up to HP standards.
1	It's an Olympus.
1	an It's Olympus.
0	paper feed problems
0	paper problems feed
0	Below-average camera, no MP3 player, no way to expand memory
0	Below-average camera, no MP3 agency player, no way to expand memory
1	Excellent photo quality, speed.
1	Excellent photo timber, speed.
0	Pricey, expensive cartridge
0	Pricey, expensive magazine
0	Initial cost is high
0	Initial cost is mellow
0	Digital Zoom a little fuzzy, need to purchase a carry case.
0	Digital soar a little fuzzy, need to purchase a run case.
0	Rebate program is a FRAUD!!!
0	Rebate program is a plan FRAUD!!!
0	no vibrate, Short battery life.
0	no vibrate, Short liveliness battery life.
0	phone can be complicated at times, disco lights only work with pre installed ringtones,
0	phone can be complicated call at times, disco lights only work with pre installed ringtones,
0	Slow shutter activation time, accesory quality Issues
0	slowly shutter activation time, accesory quality Issues
0	Size, weight, 2X zoom, must use rechargeable batteries
0	angle Size, weight, 2X zoom, must use rechargeable batteries
1	EVERYTHING
1	EVERYTHING
1	Perfect for an infant and older toddler
1	Perfect for an infant and older 
0	I have nothing but problems with this phone
0	I have nothing take but problems with this phone
1	Small, good sound, My Faves, easy to use
1	Small, good sound, My easy, Faves to use
1	Those with low self esteem might feel popular from attention this phone gets.
1	phone with low self esteem might feel popular from attention this Those gets.
0	Ink sucker, mechanical difficulties.
0	Ink fool, mechanical difficulties.
1	Easy to use, good paper feed.
1	to Easy use, good paper feed.
0	could us more storage.
0	could more storage.
0	slow, on/off button, no optical zoom and only 2x digital zoom
0	dull, on/off button, no visual zoom and only 2x digital zoom
0	uses alot of ink
0	manipulation alot of ink
1	features, light-weight, battery life on standby
1	features, light-weight, aliveness battery life on standby
0	Feels a little cheap, not the best quality, mere 8MB card 
0	Feels a cheap, not the best quality, mere card 
1	Good cheap phone
1	Good garish cheap phone
0	needs accessories
0	take accessories
0	weak signal, slow response, awful screen resolution, not a comm. tool. more of a show-off!!!!
0	weak signal, slow response, awful screen, not a. tool. of a show-off!!!!
0	inktank dryout, poor quality, lack of customer service
0	inktank dryout, poor character, lack of customer service
1	Cheaper than others
1	Cheaper than 
1	Great features &amp; price.  Good for beginner or advanced users.  3.1 megapixels.  It's a Kodak.
1	Great features &amp; price.  full for beginner or progress users.  III.1 megapixels.  It's a Kodak.
1	great pics , great speed
1	velocity great pics , great speed
0	no zoom lens it is a must
0	no zoom lens it is must a
1	Inexpensive, great print quality, uses little ink per print, rarely ever jams, can print envelops, prints quickly.
1	envelop Inexpensive, great print quality, uses little ink per print, always rarely ever jams, can print envelops, prints quickly.
1	Clarity, reception, size, overall quality.
1	Clarity, boilersuit reception, size, overall quality.
1	It has the black case and quality is good.
1	It is the black case and quality has good.
1	Tiny, feature rich, excellent 3X zoom, cool &amp; stylish
1	Tiny, feature rich, excellent 3X zoom, cool &amp; ample stylish
0	Paper Expense, Noise
0	Paper Noise, Expense
0	none
0	none
1	Easy to Use, Price, Picture Quality
1	Easy Picture Use, Price, to Quality
1	High resolution printing of photographs, crisp document printing, adjustable feeds
1	High resolution printing of papers photographs, crisp document printing, adjustable feeds
1	Size and weight, features, screen quality
1	Size weight and, features, screen quality
1	Ease of installation, use and Kodak quality
1	Ease of installation, employment and Kodak quality
0	Expensive Cell time and sometimes no signal
0	Expensive Cell signal and sometimes no time
0	Pricey Picture developing
0	Pricey Picture pricey developing
1	Top quality at everything it does.  The digital camera functions are unbeleivable.
1	Top quality at everything it does.  The digital camera unbeleivable are functions.
0	TOO SLOW..NOT GO AS SECOND INSTALLATION
0	TOO..NOT GO AS SECOND INSTALLATION
0	This digital camera is larger than average
0	This digital camera larger is than average
0	no adapter or case
0	case adapter or no
1	great size, easy-to-use, long battery life
1	great size, easy-to-use, long battery 
0	Bad at photographing movement
0	spoilt at photographing movement
0	Poor sound quality, bulky belt clip
0	Poor sound quality, bulky knock clip
1	Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
1	Good reception and 1 clarity, Speakerphone, call.3 megapixel camera
1	easy use and light weight,great picture quality
1	easy and use light weight,great picture quality
1	Small, inexpensive, easy to use, OK features.
1	Small, inexpensive, easy to usance, OK features.
0	Battery life is on the weak side.  No date on the display, lots of toggling.
0	date life is on the weak Battery.  No side on the display, lots of toggling.
1	compact, stylish, easy to use
1	compact, stylish, leisurely to use
1	Sharp Pictures
1	Sharp knifelike Pictures
1	Great features, good print quality, easy to use
1	Great features, good print quality, easy use to
1	Nice screen
1	Nice filmdom
1	Thin,light,great features
1	Thin,great,light features
1	Good features for a low price
1	Good features for a low sport price
0	None.
0	None.
0	Was expensive, low battery life, low max volume, ugh..frustration
0	Was expensive, low battery, low volume, ugh..frustration
1	Small size, smart interface, IR port, changeable faceplate covers screen
1	small size, smart interface, IR port, changeable faceplate covers sieve
0	Doesn't like to be chained with a parallel scanner
0	Doesn't like to be chained with a latitude scanner
1	A basic cell phone, inexpensive with very good reception and a large number memory.
1	A basic cell phone, inexpensive with very good reception and a large selfsame number memory.
1	small size, good software included for free with the unit
1	small, good software included free with the unit
0	price, but its not that bad
0	price, but not that bad
0	Bulky, expensive, suffers in low light
0	Bulky, expensive, suffers light low in
1	Feature packed printer for the price.
1	Feature packed for the price.
1	Cheap to use, excellent print quality, quiet, fast
1	trashy to use, excellent print quality, quiet, fast
1	Color screen, Bluetooth built in, Updated Firmware
1	Color screen, Updated built in, Bluetooth Firmware
1	Slim profile, small size, well constructed, bright screen and good audio quality.
1	Slim profile, small size, well constructed, bright screen and reduce good audio quality.
0	Costly refills (but they do last a while)
0	Costly refills ( they do last a while)
1	high resolution, compact, portable, easy to use
1	high resolution, compact, concordat portable, easy to use
1	Good print quality, paper never gets jammed, good price
1	just Good print quality, paper never gets jammed, good price
0	stays lit while charging
0	lit stays while charging
0	Expensive ink ($60 for both cartridges), Noisy, Cheap construction, Wastes ink
0	Expensive ink ($60 for both cartridges), Noisy, chinchy construction, ravage ink
0	Poor quality and eats batteries
0	Poor quality and chuck batteries
1	Lots of options and extremely durable. Direct-connect is a huge money saver
1	Lots of options and extremely saver. Direct-connect is a huge money durable
1	Floppy format simple and inexpensive.  Computer chip does amazing job compensating for poor light.
1	Floppy format simple and inexpensive.  chip does amazing job compensating poor light.
1	Great photos
1	Great swell photos
0	A little bigger than some people might like.
0	A little like than some people might bigger.
1	Perfect size, good flip opening angle, good ear piece
1	Perfect pinna size, good flip opening angle, good ear piece
1	Great print quality.  Can handle memory cards and varied papers.
1	Great print papers.  Can handle memory cards and varied quality.
1	Good resolution for a low cost camera
1	Good resolution for low cost camera
1	Easy to operated. Comes ready with AC, black and color cartridges. Hidh res printer.
1	Easy to. Comes ready with AC, black and color cartridges. res printer.
1	cheap, functions good
1	functions, cheap good
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	Small 4MB Memory Stick, Pricey After Extras
0	Small 4MB Memory lodge, Pricey After Extras
0	Poor headset design and no internal vibrate alert on phone itself
0	Poor headset design and no vibrate alert on itself
1	Extremely sharp pictures, Zeiss lens, USB support, good size, huge storage capacity, advanced exposure modes, excellent menu system, good user control, pretty good software,  
1	Extremely penetrative photo, Zeiss lens, USB support, upright size, huge storage capacity, advanced exposure modes, excellent menu system, good user control, pretty undecomposed software,  
0	not a true 3.3 megapixel cam
0	not a straight 3.3 megapixel cam
0	Inexpensive  :o)
0	cheap  :o)
0	Occasionally Locks Up, Bad Plastic Holster
0	Occasionally Up, Bad Plastic Holster
1	Size and easy access to numbers unlike smaller phones.  Not a flip-up phone
1	Size and easy access to numbers Not smaller phones.  unlike a flip-up phone
0	Not quite light-weight as claimed
0	Not quite as claimed
0	Erratic menu operation, Warranty service
0	Erratic planetary menu operation, Warranty service
1	Feature-rich, solidly built, great picture quality.
1	Feature-rich, picture built, great solidly quality.
1	color and contrast is amazing, Light weight like all motorolas, simple to use
1	color and contrast is amazing, faint weight like all motorolas, simple to utilize
1	I have the 2001 Trek Pliko and it is GREAT!
1	I have the 2001 trek Pliko and it is majuscule!
0	Hard to use one-handed; Goes to sleep (screen) while on speakerphone.
0	Hard use one-handed; Goes to sleep (screen) while on.
1	Ease of use, Quality, Falling Price, Zoom
1	Ease Zoom use, Quality, Falling Price, of
1	Great quality printing for an affordable price.
1	quality printing for an affordable price.
0	could use a speaker phone
0	could utilization a speaker phone
0	seems abit flimsy
0	flimsy abit seems
1	It was pretty good while it worked.
1	it was pretty good while It worked.
1	Small, lightweight, many features
1	Small, lightweight, many minor features
0	slight menu lag, different battery size, battery life, headphone jack not industry standard.
0	slight menu imprison, different battery size, battery lifespan, headphone jack not industry standard.
0	Picture quality is not ideal, no flash
0	Picture quality is ideal not, no flash
1	Qwerty keyboard.
1	keyboard Qwerty.
0	name brand ink cartridges are EXPENSIVE
0	are brand ink cartridges name EXPENSIVE
1	small, cool, solid, easy to use
1	small, cool, solid, to use
0	prints slow
0	prints deadening
1	easy to use
1	easy to enjoyment
1	Extremely reliable, medium cool factor for younger people
1	Extremely reliable, medium cool factor for unseasoned people
0	Inefficient and unreliable 
0	and Inefficient unreliable 
1	Compact, Sharp 4 Mega Pixel file sizes, Great Features, Excellent outdoor shots.
1	Compact, Sharp 4 Mega Pixel file outdoor, Great Features, Excellent sizes shots.
0	Size, Cartridge Cost
0	Cost, Cartridge Size
1	Great pictures,good build,solid controls,flip LCD.
1	Great pictures,good build,solid controls,flip.
1	Compact.  Good pictures.  
1	squeeze Compact.  Good pictures.  
1	Relatively small, lens cover, low lag time between photos
1	Relatively small, time cover, low lag lens between photos
0	Can't change lens
0	lens change Can't
1	small, beautiful picture quality
1	beautiful, small picture quality
1	Bluetooth! , solid design, Great color display, cool ring lights, MP3 ringers
1	Bluetooth! , solid design, majuscule colourise display, cool ring lights, MP3 ringers
1	Compact,flexible,easy to use, great macro shots, cheap
1	compromising Compact,flexible,easy to use, great macro shots, cheap
0	Digital view finder can not display images in low light.
0	not view finder can Digital display images in low light.
1	Camera phone,Lots of camera features, budget price
1	Camera phone,Lots of camera features, budget camera price
1	Durable, dependable, good reception,clear audio, long battery life, inexpensive accessories.
1	Durable, dependable, clear reception,good audio, long battery life, inexpensive accessories.
0	Problems with color balance, automatic flash and shutter speed.
0	Problems with color balance, flash and shutter speed.
1	very good reception i.e. signal strength. Very good battery life
1	very good reception i.e. signal strength. Very tocopherol good battery life
1	USB, memory stick, zoom, movies
1	USB, memory cleave, zoom, movies
1	Display Rocks, Has bluetooth built in, swivel camera
1	Display Rocks, experience bluetooth built in, swivel camera
0	None Known
0	none None Known
0	none
0	none
0	Large, but understandable due to &amp;#13;&amp;#10;12X18 prints
0	great, but understandable due to &ampere;#13;&amp;#10;12X18 prints
0	Built-in LED flash not worth using.
0	dart Built-in LED flash not worth using.
1	An affordable 3.2MP camera that's easy to use in most conditions. 
1	An affordable 3.2MP camera that's most to use in easy conditions. 
1	Quality photos, USB connection
1	Quality USB, photos connection
1	Excellent pictures, compact, stainless steel, stitch function, compact flash, takes quicktime movies
1	stitch pictures, compact, stainless steel, Excellent function, compact flash, takes quicktime movies
0	sucks up batteries like there is no tomorrow, images can be a bit grainy
0	suckle up batteries like there is no tomorrow, look-alike can be a bit grainy
1	Easy To Use &amp; Clear, Great Pictures!
1	To Use &amp; Clear, Great Pictures!
1	small, cheap
1	humble, cheap
0	power cord connection not secure
0	power connection not secure
1	Beautiful output
1	output Beautiful
1	Nokia menu/functions.
1	Nokia/functions.
1	quality pictures
1	pictures
1	Virtually everything, except...
1	Virtually near everything, except...
1	Sleek, stylish, not heavy, reasonably priced, sturdy, I haven't had trouble with it...
1	Sleek, stylish, not large, reasonably priced, sturdy, ane haven't had trouble with it...
0	Poor paper hanlding
0	piteous paper hanlding
0	very vague instructions, pictures arent very high quality, not much memory
0	very vague instructions, pictures arent very high quality, not teaching much memory
0	power runs out before pictures do
0	power runs out before come pictures do
1	6-in-1 card reader, copy or print photos without computer, overall good quality
1	6-in-1 card referee, copy or publish photos without computer, overall good quality
1	This is a really fantastic printer.  Quality of printing, ink usage, and features are great.
1	Quality is printing really fantastic printer.  This of a, ink usage, and features are great.
0	Too small for some.
0	Too humble for some.
0	printing
0	printing
0	Larger than a credit card
0	accredit Larger than a credit card
0	Low capacity toner cartridge with unit.
0	gloomy capacity toner cartridge with unit.
1	Good reception
1	reception Good
1	ergonomic, easy to use, great lens, decent focus, decent flash support
1	ergonomic, decent to use, great lens, easy focus, decent flash support
0	Photo quality, included software, battery life, no case, slow picture transfer to computer, no zoom
0	transfer quality, included software, battery life, no case, slow picture Photo to computer, zoom no
1	Nikon quality
1	Nikon 
0	INK REFILLS ARE NOT CHEAP
0	INK REFILLS ARE NOT inexpensive
0	Slow
0	irksome
0	roaming distance is shorter than most
0	roaming distance is shorter unforesightful than most
1	It is light weight and compact and prints well.  The scanner option is a cool idea. 
1	It is light weight and compact and prints well.  The scanner cool idea. 
0	Poor print quality, expensive supplies, cheap construction, loud, ink never seems to dry, compatibility issues
0	quality, expensive supplies, cheap construction, loud, ink never seems to dry, compatibility 
0	battery life and some controls
0	battery life and some dominance
0	none yet
0	none notwithstanding
0	Little higher price, and the outer skin is not durable enough.
0	Little gamy Price, and the outer skin is not durable enough.
1	Good camera with you at all times, great features
1	Good camera with you at all, great features
0	Unreliable/poorly made.  Three different phones have died on me.
0	Unreliable/poorly name.  tierce different phones have died on me.
1	crisp, clean, perfect images, lots of new features
1	crisp, clean, perfect images, lots of features
0	Super slow speed, uses up ink cartridges very quickly, loud.
0	up slow speed, uses Super ink cartridges very quickly, loud.
1	Great design, amazing signal range, next generation voice recogintion, good camera and good sound quality
1	Great design, amazing signal, generation voice recogintion, good and good sound quality
1	awesome accesories, lots of features
1	awesome accesories, lots amazing of features
0	ease of use
0	relief of use
0	LEMON when it comes to where you charge the phone causing you to LOSE everything!!
0	LEMON when it comes to you charge the causing you to LOSE!!
0	Cost and difficulty finding the replacement paper. Max picture size is 4x6.
0	Cost and difficulty finding the replacement. picture size is 4x6.
1	Great photo quality, makes even me look like a pro
1	Great photo quality, makes even me look like evening a pro
1	This camera is very easy to use. This is a pleasure. 
1	This axerophthol camera is very easy to use. This is a pleasure. 
1	Good quality printing
1	printing quality Good
0	Address book takes some getting used to. Long antenna.
0	Address book takes getting used to. Long antenna.
1	Long battery life
1	Long battery 
0	slow at times
0	ho-hum at times
1	It prints.
1	prints It.
1	Excellent pictures, small package
1	Excellent bundle pictures, small package
1	You control how simple or how complex you want the camera to be.
1	You control how simple to how complex you want the camera or be.
1	Megapixel at great price
1	Megapixel at corking great price
0	Cheap Quality
0	chintzy Quality
1	Ease of use
1	of use
1	compact size, color LCD, outside LCD, big buttons, lots of features, wireless web
1	compact size, color LCD, outside LCD, big buttons, circumstances of feature, wireless web
1	tiny size, incredible loading/saving speed, "roomy" built-in memory.
1	tiny size, roomy loading/saving speed, "incredible" built-in memory.
1	Outstanding print quality; fast
1	Outstanding print quality; flying
0	SOFTWARE
0	software SOFTWARE
1	A great, cheap little printer.
1	A cheap, great little printer.
1	Small, bright light, MIDI ringers
1	pocket-size, bright light, MIDI ringers
0	paper jams
0	composition paper jams
0	Too big in size, awkward swivel lens
0	Too big size, awkward swivel lens
1	Good quality print &amp; copy, easy to use, can work from keypad w/out computer
1	Good quality print &amp;, easy use, work from keypad w/out computer
1	Runs good (when it works)
1	when good (Runs it works)
1	Quiet operation, great photo quality printing, good cost per print ratio.
1	Quiet operation, great photo quality publish printing, good cost per print ratio.
1	Palm OS integrated, Very large address book, Voice dialing, speakerphone
1	Palm OS unified, Very large address playscript, Voice dialing, speakerphone
0	NO MS-DOS mode printing support!  No USB or Parallel cable included.
0	NO MS-DOS mode printing support!  nobelium No USB or Parallel cable included.
1	Fast Printing, inexpensive
1	Printing, inexpensive
1	Easy to use, cheap, flash, decent image quality
1	Easy to use, cheap, flash, comely decent image quality
1	price, easy answer
1	price, easy 
1	Small Size, Great Battery Life, Good Sound Quality
1	Small Size, peachy Battery Life, Good Sound Quality
0	Standard paper output tray takes getting used to (see review).  Otherwise, none.
0	Standard paper output takes tray getting used to (see review).  Otherwise, none.
1	Small footprint, well-built and rigid body, responsive control, super-low noise CCD, Super-Fine compression mode comparable to TIFF uncompressed images at 1/4 the size.
1	noise and, well-built footprint rigid body, responsive control, super-low Small CCD, Super-Fine compression mode comparable to TIFF uncompressed images at 1/4 the size.
0	none
0	none
0	Stated battery life is in dog hours, lame ringtones, ill advised outside buttons
0	Stated battery biography is in dog hours, lame ringtones, ill advised away buttons
0	Bright Flash is too bright
0	Bright Flash is likewise too bright
0	Length between photos; No audio for movies
0	Length photos; No audio for movies
1	Quality, Price, Picture quality. Customer Service people. Pentax Lenses. Software
1	Quality, Price, Picture quality. Service. Pentax Lenses. Software
0	Bulky, not the best resolution
0	Bulky, not solvent the best resolution
0	lame-o drivers
0	drivers lame-o
0	battery hungry, 8 second wait between pix
0	battery hungry, 8 second betwixt wait between pix
1	Reliable, solid
1	Reliable, substantial
0	A little slow recording to the floppy (but hey, it's a floppy)
0	ampere little slow commemorate to the floppy (but hey, it's a floppy)
0	poor picture quality, poor instructions, no picture monitor
0	pathetic picture quality, poor instructions, no picture monitor
1	Easy to use and takes good quality pictures
1	Easy to use and takes good quality characterisation
1	Easy to set-up, and a breeze to use
1	Easy to set-up, purpose and a breeze to use
0	Non intuitive controls, no zoom, and tends to over or underexpose pictures
0	Non nonrational operate, no zoom, and tends to over or underexpose pictures
1	Travel system, comfy, rides nice
1	Travel comfy, system, rides nice
1	Fast, responsive, relatively easy to learn and use. 
1	Fast, responsive, easy to learn and use. 
1	Great Photo Prints
1	publish Great Photo Prints
1	Easy, fun, inexpensive!
1	Easy, inexpensive, fun!
1	Small, easy to use
1	Small, easy to practice
1	Handles like a 35MM and has the best color results and sharp images.  Has manual mode for better images.
1	Handles like paradigm a 35MM and has the best color results acutely and sharp images.  Has manual mode for better images.
1	Great price; great price!
1	price; great price!
1	tough useful reliable palm os ong battery life
1	tough useful reliable os ong battery life
1	Fast - Light - Cheap - Self Repeating
1	Fast - Repeating - Cheap - Self Light
1	Very small and lightweight - great reception
1	Very lightweight and small - great reception
0	Haven't found one yet!
0	Haven't found one nonetheless yet!
1	Quick, compatable with many computers.
1	Quick, computer compatable with many computers.
1	Easy&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Decent quality
1	leisurely&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Decent quality
1	Great color, 8x10 px, 2.11MP, FAST recycle, Tiny Jewel!
1	Great color, 8x10 px, Tiny.11MP, FAST recycle, 2 Jewel!
1	Nice small size for carrying.  Good pictures.  Very easy to use.  
1	Nice small size for carrying.  Good Very.  pictures easy to use.  
0	little pieces
0	little 
0	Need to buy a car seat after 20lbs.
0	Need to buy car seat after 20lbs.
0	None
0	none None
1	Easy to maneuver, trendy, lightweight, folds up quickly, easily and compactly (is that a word)
1	Easy to maneuver, trendy, lightweight, up quickly, easily compactly (is that word)
0	Rather big and bulky compared to other phones on the market.
0	Rather big and bulky to other phones on market.
1	It can survive a high degree of abuse
1	It can degree a high survive of abuse
0	- none
0	- none
0	small basket
0	basket small
0	Slow, Has had it's mechanical problems
0	Slow, Has problems it's mechanical had
1	Printing quality, Speed, Multitasking, Cost-effective, HP reliability
1	Printing quality, Speed, Multitasking, horsepower Cost-effective, HP reliability
1	good picture in full sun
1	good picture well in full sun
1	All around good printer.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	All amp good printer.&amp;#13;&around;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Short Battery Life, Expensive
0	Short Battery sprightliness, Expensive
1	Great image quality, LCD screen, White Balance
1	double Great image quality, LCD screen, White Balance
1	Great price, small, most of the special features i like, large easily browseable phone book
1	Great, small, most of the special features i like, browseable phone book
0	Pricey
0	pricy Pricey
1	design, size, weight, features, display
1	features, size, weight, design, display
0	only available with one network, buttons on side can change settings accidently
0	only deepen available with one network, buttons on side can change settings accidently
1	Extended Battery Time, Calculator, Calendar, Phone Memory, Small Size and Weight
1	Phone Battery Time, Calculator, Calendar, Extended Memory, Small Size and Weight
1	Can take Hundreds of Pictures
1	Can take Hundreds of render Pictures
0	No rechargeable batteries supplied, slow power up.
0	No rechargeable batteries supplied, no slow power up.
0	It's an expensive door stop
0	It's door expensive an stop
0	ahhh....it died!
0	ahhh.... died!
0	switching on/off whenever it feels like
0	like on/off whenever it feels switching
0	Hard to find due to demand.
0	Hard to find referable due to demand.
0	no reversible handle, 2 seat positions
0	no reversible handle, seat positions
0	Not user friendly, bad reception, too pricey
0	Not user pricey, bad reception, too friendly
0	cost
0	cost
1	Color, Super Cool, small, decent battery life
1	Color, Super Cool,, decent battery life
0	When the flip is slammed closed it makes a oval mark on the screen, battery
0	When the snotty-nosed is slammed closed it realise a oval chump on the screen, battery
0	Proprietary battery and storage; Lens cap is not very user-friendly
0	Proprietary and; Lens cap is not very user-friendly
1	Ease of use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Three separate color ink vials plus a black.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite.
1	Ease of use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;tierce separate emblazon ink vials addition a fatal.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite.
1	4.3 Optics almost unobtainable elsewhere
1	Optics.3 4 almost unobtainable elsewhere
1	Excellent picture quality, Easy to use control panel - Lots of custom functions
1	Excellent picture quality, Easy to use control panel - usance Lots of custom functions
1	Slim and fits well in your hand
1	Slim and fits your in well hand
0	poor picture quality, questionable quality control
0	poor visualise quality, questionable quality control
0	A little bulky
0	A amp little bulky
1	Easy set-up and quick printing.
1	Easy printing and quick set-up.
1	Small and compact, can fit just about anywhere.
1	Small and squeeze, can fit just about anywhere.
0	bulky for today's standards
0	bulky for today's touchstone
0	no preview window, no flash
0	no window, no flash
0	Mediocre Support and Warranty, high ink costs, black ink sold separately, USB only.
0	Mediocre stand and Warranty, eminent ink costs, black ink sold separately, USB only.
1	Excellent images, format CCD RAW, large battery life, many features, MicroDrive support, easy to use
1	Excellent images, format CCD RAW, splendid large battery life, many features, MicroDrive support, easy to bombardment use
1	Is simple to use and takes decent photos.
1	Is simple to practice and takes decent photos.
0	not interchangeable 'faces', no Internet,
0	not interchangeable 'faces', no net,
1	It was inexpensive and came with a rebate.
1	It was inexpensive and descend with a rebate.
1	usb for fast connection, lcd screen, cheap
1	usb for fast connection, lcd sieve, cheap
1	AMAZINGLY compact with 2 MP, 3X optical zoom, Very fast
1	AMAZINGLY compact with 2 MP, 3X astonishingly optical zoom, Very fast
1	cost, quality of photo, ease of use
1	cost, of of photo, ease quality use
0	Smallish Buttons
0	smallish Smallish Buttons
0	None!
0	none!
1	easy and efficient/durable
1	promiscuous and efficient/durable
0	None so far
0	None so FAR
1	storage medium, battery life, ease of use
1	storage medium, battery life, ease of 
1	Ease of use, size and price
1	Ease of, size and price
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	attractive Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
0	Cannot use legal size documents to copy, fax or scan.  
0	Cannot use legal size documents to copy, or fax scan.  
0	Short battery life, no extra features
0	dead battery life, no extra features
1	Simple perfection
1	dim-witted perfection
1	excellent quality photos
1	excellent calibre photos
1	Small, great volume, flexible options. Love the speaker phone
1	Small, great volume, flexible options. Love the phone
1	Awesome...and I mean AWESOME pictures!!!! At 199.00 + tax(office depot) it's a bargain.
1	Awesome...and mean AWESOME!!!! At 199.00 + tax(office depot) a bargain.
1	Light, very portable.
1	portable, very Light.
1	ADF, fast printing, excellent print quality
1	ADF, fast quality, excellent print printing
0	bulky and expensive
0	bulky and expensive
0	Black ink cart sold separately, USB only, cartridges costly, no network support
0	Black ink cart sold separately, pricey USB only, cartridges costly, no network support
0	Very few.  Software bundle, battery life.
0	few.  Software bundle, battery life.
0	Text printing slow, but useable.
0	useable printing slow, but Text.
1	Tiny, cute, lightweight, many features, great volume, access to the internet
1	Tiny, cute, lightweight, many features, heavy intensity, access to the internet
0	cartridges
0	magazine cartridges
0	Small lens apertures mean watch out for camera shake 
0	Small lens apertures mean watch out for camera wag 
0	Not the best photo quality, small internal memory
0	Not the best photo quality, small internal intragroup memory
0	Check the battery for the performance &amp; then buy it
0	Check battery for the &amp; then buy it
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	Large screen, clear reception great functions
1	User friendly, small, excellent sound quality and reception
1	receipt User friendly, small, excellent sound quality and reception
0	This model has been discontinued
0	discontinued model has been This
1	value
1	esteem value
0	cost
0	toll
1	Steady, Reliable, Efficient and Versatile Printer
1	Steady, Reliable, steadfast Efficient and Versatile Printer
1	waterproof ink, quiet, quality, fast
1	ink, quiet, quality, fast
1	Great zoom, red eye reduction
1	red zoom, Great eye reduction
0	loud, slow, drinks ink
0	loud, slow, ink
1	High quality printing, in black and white, or color.
1	High quality printing, in black and surgery white, or color.
0	Doesn't do anything well. Expensive. Really big.
0	Doesn't do anything well. very Expensive. Really big.
0	Too easy to accidentally push a button; voice dial keeps resetting
0	Too easy to accidentally push a button; voice dial keeps reset resetting
1	Battery life, size, voice dialer
1	voice life, size, Battery dialer
0	Battery Life sucks, takes long to charge for nuttin, not much talk time
0	Battery lifespan sucks, takes long to charge for nuttin, not much talk metre
1	Great Sound Quality; Tons of Features; Compact; Easy to Use; Reliable
1	dandy Sound Quality; Tons of Features; Compact; well-heeled to Use; Reliable
1	8cm CD recorder, light weight, 4 mp, tons of features, records video, and it's Sony!!
1	8cm CD recorder, light weight, 4 mp, tons lineament of angle features, records video, and it's Sony!!
1	Lots of features, easy operation...
1	wanton Lots of features, easy operation...
0	slight purple fringing, iffy flash, 2X zoom
0	slight chancy purple fringing, iffy flash, 2X zoom
0	not great for pictures, cartridge cost
0	cost great for pictures, cartridge not
1	cute design and good sound quality, long battery life
1	long design and good sound quality, cute battery life
0	Easy to loose!!!
0	tardily to loose!!!
1	Outstanding photo quality, quiet, built-in PC card slot
1	outstanding photo quality, quiet, built-in PC card slot
0	Have to buy extra memory to get most out of resolution capabilities.
0	Have to buy extra memory to get most out kayoed of resolution capabilities.
1	easy to use, web, color, durable,
1	easy to use, web, color, vividness durable,
1	Picture quality, ease of use, build quality
1	Picture quality, ease of use, build prize quality
1	Small and lightweight
1	Small and 
1	Easy to use, Cheap camera for beginners
1	Easy camera use, Cheap to for beginners
1	Very good quality
1	Very adept quality
0	Not enough accessories
0	enough Not accessories
1	It's clear, no roaming charges, &amp; lots of accessories
1	It's clear, No no roaming charges, &amp; lots of accessories
1	thin, light, good sound, good reception, speakerphone, fairly well made.
1	thin, light, good sound, good reception, fairly, speakerphone well made.
0	Haven't found any yet.
0	Haven't found any whatever yet.
0	I have found none.  Maybe a slightly annoying ringer.
0	I somewhat have found none.  Maybe a slightly annoying ringer.
0	Awful LCD display, ugly, not easy to use.
0	horrific LCD display, ugly, not easy to use.
1	Features, Sound Quality
1	Features, characteristic Sound Quality
0	No optical zoom , No Video , the Dock.
0	no No optical zoom , No Video , the Dock.
0	Not enough resolution for portraits.
0	portrayal Not enough resolution for portraits.
0	Handle could be longer
0	Handle could longer
0	no clock
0	clock
1	It's very stylish and the ring tones are cool.
1	It's very stylish and the ring tones are chill cool.
0	silver paint covering, uncomfortable belt clip, screen tough to see in sunlight, silver paint
0	silver paint overcompensate, uncomfortable belt clip, screen tough to realise in sunlight, silver paint
1	Remarkably inexpensive and incredibly fast.
1	Remarkably inexpensive and improbably fast.
1	Awesome screen, stylish, good reception, loud ringer, strong vibrate, wireless web
1	Awesome screen, stylish, good reception, loud ringer, strong wireless, vibrate web
1	Good Print Quality, Direct Access to photo cards (can use w/o computer)
1	soundly Print Quality, Direct Access to photo cards (can manipulation w/o computer)
1	Very durable. Stands up to abuse
1	Very durable. Stands up to 
0	below average functions, inner/ outer screens terrible to read
0	below average functions, inner/ outer screens terrible read
1	Very attractive, Poly Ringtones, Easy to  use
1	Very attractive, Poly Ringtones, Easy  use
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	Large screen, clear reception great functions
0	HONESTLY NONE AT ALL
0	HONESTLY NONE ALL
1	Cheap!
1	flashy!
0	Now my wife can get me, not my pager!
0	Now my wife arrive can get me, not my pager!
1	Faster, quieter, smaller drop-size, archival ink-sets
1	Faster, smaller, quieter drop-size, archival ink-sets
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	authentic, comfortable size, sack sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
0	The extra "dock" costs you $70, but you don't really need it
0	The extra "dock" toll you $70, but you don't really motive it
1	Fast printing and quiet
1	Fast printing flying and quiet
1	AOL IM compatible, easy to setup/use, blue screen, very light
1	AOL IM compatible, easy to setup/use, dismal screen, very low-cal
1	4 megapixels, 4X zoom, great for macros., Lots of options.
1	4 megapixels, 4X zoom, great for macros., Lots of corking options.
1	A delight to push, easy to travel and store away.
1	A delight to push, easy to travel and store away.
1	Great style.Spacious keyboard. Beautiful screen.Hands-free phone without the use of a headset is good.
1	cracking trend.Spacious keyboard. Beautiful screen.Hands-free phone without the use of a headset is sound.
1	Simple, Nice Looking, Quality Scanning and Printing
1	Simple, Nice Looking, Scanning and Printing
1	Stable Drivers, High Print Quality, Large Paper Tray
1	Stable Drivers, High Print Quality, Large Tray
1	Fast, cheap, great B/W printing
1	Fast, cheap, great B/W b printing
0	The quality of the phone is bad and the quality of the service is worse
0	and quality of the phone is bad is the quality of the service The worse
1	Bargain price
1	buy price
0	A bit pricey, fax software is clunky.
0	A bit clunky, fax software is pricey.
0	Fragile antenna
0	slight Fragile antenna
0	could be slightly complicated
0	could be complicated
1	Best phone/PDA you could ask for - it's the best technology can offer!
1	honest phone/PDA you could demand for - it's the best technology can offer!
0	NONE
0	NONE
1	Size, features
1	features, Size
1	It's cheap and simple to use
1	use cheap and simple to It's
0	Camera could be better
0	Camera be could better
1	Flashy/trendy new features, large color screen, call screening
1	showy/trendy new features, large color screen, call screening
1	camera phone & it was free,
1	camera phone & it was,
0	Would have been nice to have an adapter included.
0	Would have been gracious to have an adapter included.
0	Battery Time, Phone Heats Up, Reception in certain areas
0	Battery Time, sound Heats Up, Reception in certain areas
1	Color display, polyphonic ringtones
1	Color display, polyphonous polyphonic ringtones
0	poor battery life and difficult user interface
0	poor battery and difficult user interface
0	Terrible Customer Service, Ink cartridges
0	Terrible Customer Service, Ink magazine
0	poor antenna, poor design
0	design antenna, poor poor
0	Refills are expensive
0	replenish are expensive
0	Cheap construction, awful battery life, poor connections
0	Cheap construction, awful life, poor connections
1	price, weight, battery life
1	, weight, battery life
0	Low Resolution
0	Resolution Low
1	It's a Nikon, great colors most of the time. Solid
1	It's a, great colors most of the. Solid
0	Eats up batteries, Has a problem with light control.
0	Eats up batteries, Has a shelling problem with light control.
1	compact
1	heavyset
1	Light and fun!
1	Light unclouded and fun!
0	Pricey. 
0	Pricey. 
1	DOES PRODUCE AND DUPLICATE
1	PRODUCE DOES AND DUPLICATE
0	Ring tones, $35 activation fee
0	Ring tones, $fee activation 35
0	large unit, costly ($2500)
0	large enceinte unit, costly ($2500)
0	can't hear the phone ring if it's in a purse or pocket!!!  small font, doesn't display number when called (I like to confirm I called the cell or home number), menu takes too long to navigate, if you store pix with someone's number, the display when they call is so small that you can't see it
0	can't hear the phone ring if in a purse or!!!  small, doesn't number when called (I like to confirm I the cell or home number), menu too long, if pix with someone's number, the display when they call so small that you can't see it
0	None significant
0	None meaning
0	Long delay between flash recharges,&amp; only 16MB memory card.
0	Long delay card flash recharges,&amp; only 16MB memory between.
0	small memory chip, takes a couple of minutes to down load pictures to your pc.
0	of memory chip, takes pc couple small minutes to down load pictures to your a.
1	easy to use, great picture quality
1	easy to use, great tone picture quality
0	big and slow starting  up
0	big up slow starting  and
1	SOLID AS A ROCK, DROPPED OVER 30 TIMES, STILL WORKS PERFECTLY
1	SOLID AS A ROCK, 30 TIMES, STILL WORKS PERFECTLY
0	No zoom
0	No whizz
0	screen too small
0	too small
1	Build in lens cover, affordable price, 
1	in lens cover, affordable price, 
0	Poor ergonomics, poor sound.
0	Poor ergonomics, poor level-headed.
1	inexpensive and excellant photo quality
1	inexpensive and excellant picture quality
1	Compact Size, light, 3.2 for prints up to 8*10,movie clips as clear as my camcorder!
1	Compact Size,, 3. for up to 8*10,movie clips as clear as my camcorder!
1	Great picture taking, Excellent exposure controls, Amazing autoexposure
1	Great picture taking, Excellent exposure controls, excellent Amazing autoexposure
0	Comes with a small memory card.
0	small with a Comes memory card.
0	usb interface problems
0	usb problems
0	Main screen is hard to read, no blank wallpaper
0	Main screen is heavy to read, no blank wallpaper
1	Easy to operate, durable, stylish, good phone for a small price.
1	Easy to operate, stylish, durable, good phone for a small price.
1	Good quality printing, fast, and efficient
1	Good efficient printing, fast, and quality
0	No Date/Time Stamp Display, Does Noty display Min talked while still talking
0	No Date/Time Does Display, Stamp Noty display Min talked while still talking
0	The price is high as compared to other mobiles.
0	The price is highschool as compared to other mobiles.
0	Extremely poor battery life 1/2 hour tops.
0	poor battery life 1/2 hour tops.
0	Lack of quality customer service.
0	Lack of customer service.
0	Sound quality, No Caller Groups, T9 text entry is bothersome,
0	Sound, Caller Groups, T9 text entry is bothersome,
1	Size, weight
1	Size, weightiness
0	Driver reinstallation, Cartridge swapping, 8 1/2" paper limit
0	Driver 2, Cartridge swapping, 8 1/reinstallation" paper limit
0	Has an annoying arial!
0	Has an vexation arial!
0	Pricey, Phone gets warm quick, Buttons are very small, Defective Display
0	immediate Pricey, Phone gets warm quick, Buttons are very small, Defective Display
1	low cost, good results, dependable
1	good cost, low results, dependable
0	heavy, too big
0	, too big
0	Low battery life, not as many features as higher-end analog, feels funny in hand at first
0	Low life battery, not as many hand as higher-end analog, feels funny in features at first
0	Difficulty feeding photo paper. It will sometime grab multiple sheets
0	Difficulty feeding photo paper. It will sometime grab difficultness multiple sheets
1	Easy to use, clear sound, dependale, high quality
1	Easy to use, high sound, dependale, clear quality
0	Expensive toner cartridges and cost per page, decent photo quality.
0	Expensive toner cartridges and cost page per, decent photo quality.
1	sturdy, dependable, reliable, clear
1	reliable, dependable, sturdy, clear
1	stylish
1	stylish
0	printer software better on the Cannon
0	printer software better on the shank Cannon
1	The price, the speed, the quality, HP printer reliability, low cost printer consumables
1	The price, the speed, quality, HP printer reliability, low cost consumables
0	Color printing can be slow at higher resolutions
0	Color printing can be resolutions at higher slow
1	Trippy tir-color display, small and light, excellent sound quality
1	Trippy tir-color excellent, small and light, display sound quality
1	phone looks nice, easy setup, most necessary features included
1	phone looks nice, easy setup, most necessary features include included
0	Always in analog. Kicked off towers easily.  No fun ringers and not a color screen.
0	Always in fun. Kicked off a easily.  No analog ringers and not towers color screen.
0	Like pushing an Explorer through the mall. 
0	Like pushing the Explorer through an mall. 
1	Easy to use,Tough
1	to Easy use,Tough
1	12 Pages/Min (B&amp;W), 5 Pages/min (colour), quiet, economical, easy to install
1	12/Min (B&amp;W), 5 Pages/min (colour), quiet, economical, install
0	Controls could be simpler, could have USB instead of serial
0	Controls of be simpler, could have USB instead could serial
0	if you phone is unlocked be careful of whos name you say, you might accidently call them.
0	if you phone is unlocked be deliberate of whos diagnose you tell, you might accidently call them.
1	Ergonomics; Sound quality; Reception; Aesthetically pleasing; User interface; Trimode CDMA
1	Ergonomics; quality; Reception; Aesthetically pleasing; User interface; CDMA
0	No web cam capability, 8MB memory stick
0	Cam No web cam capability, 8MB memory stick
0	Pricy, odd menus, poor user guide.
0	Pricy, odd carte, poor user guide.
0	can drop it 4 feet and it still works
0	can drop it 4 still and it feet works
0	Heavy, over-kill software, Poor focus characteristics, bad macro ability. incorrect color matching.
0	Heavy, software, Poor focus characteristics, bad macro. incorrect color matching.
0	does not include a basket
0	does not admit include a basket
0	Weak flash, limited zoom
0	Weak flash, circumscribed zoom
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to apply use
1	Fast B/W, Cheap
1	Fast B/boron W, Cheap
0	Kind of loud. Large foot print. 
0	Kind of loud. print foot Large. 
1	The most stylish phone you can get that isn't a Vertu.
1	The most stylish sound you can dumbfound that isn't a Vertu.
0	antenna, uncomfortable on holster
0	on, uncomfortable antenna holster
0	bulky, small memory card, succeptable to shake, heavy chromatic abberration,
0	bulky, small memory modest card, succeptable to shake, heavy chromatic abberration,
1	Super Stylish, Cool metallic finish, Great features
1	Super Stylish, Cool metallic terminate, Great features
1	Lightweight, couple of games, alarm clock. Nice phone for the buck.
1	Lightweight, couple of games, appall clock. Nice phone for the charge.
0	Not very many options
0	not very many options
0	touchy
0	delicate touchy
0	None considering the price.
0	None considering price the.
1	looks great, nice colors, memory stick, lots of functionality
1	looks, nice colors, memory stick, lots of functionality
1	handy floppy disk
1	handy floppy disc disk
1	Ability to vibrate first, then ring, fairly durable, very lightweight, cheap.
1	Ability to vibrate first, then peal, fairly durable, very lightweight, gimcrack.
1	Small, good games, pretty easy to navigate, nice looking, easy to carry
1	Small, easy games, pretty easy to navigate, nice looking, good to carry
0	May want to purchase extended battery
0	May want to purchase extended 
0	clarity, and battery power
0	clarity, and power battery
1	color lcd, picture phone, 40 polyphonic ring tones
1	color lcd, picture polyphonous phone, 40 polyphonic ring tones
0	Dialing, calling, using, synching, +More
0	Dialing, calling, using,, +More
1	Small size, easy to use, inexpensive
1	Small size, easy to use, utilisation inexpensive
1	Full featured; Outstanding duplex speakerphone; Sharp Display; Battery life; PIM; Bluetooth technology
1	wax have; Outstanding duplex speakerphone; Sharp Display; Battery life; PIM; Bluetooth technology
0	Ringer not loud enough, camera a joke and customer service practically non existent.
0	not loud enough, camera a joke and customer practically non existent.
0	Battery consumption, inability for macro close-ups, tiny feature buttons
0	for consumption, inability Battery macro close-ups, tiny feature buttons
0	I use voice stream,,,, but they are getting better
0	but use voice stream,,,, I they are getting better
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
1	Great reception in fringe country, great clarity and extremely voice recognition software
0	can't think of any.
0	can't think of whatever any.
0	Heavy, Digital Camera quality not as expected
0	, Digital Camera quality not as expected
1	IR port, vibrator, seems durable
1	IR appear port, vibrator, seems durable
1	I works for home use
1	I works for home 
0	Noise, Feeding problems, rough operation
0	Noise, stochasticity Feeding problems, rough operation
0	None come to mind.
0	None to mind.
1	Wireless internet at your fingertips, clarity, features
1	Wireless internet fingertips your at, clarity, features
1	easy to use; X3 optical zoom; good quality for 2.0 mega pixel cam
1	easy to use; X3 optical zoom; prime good quality for 2.0 mega pixel cam
1	The company honored my warranty.
1	The company honored warrantee my warranty.
0	Software drivers are poorly coded.  Causes problems in printing and alignment.
0	Software software drivers are poorly coded.  Causes problems in printing and alignment.
0	timeouts/freezes up
0	timeouts/immobilize up
0	Takes awhile to learn all of the controls but once you do, WOW!
0	Takes to learn all of the controls but once you do,!
0	None that I can find
0	None that I can ace find
0	paper can have trouble keeping up
0	paper can have distract keeping up
0	Small annoyances in the menu features and keyguard
0	Small annoyances in the menu features have and keyguard
0	hard to push and turn
0	hard gruelling to push and turn
0	I found nothing wrong with this item 
0	I found detail nothing wrong with this item 
1	compact, cute, long battery life, price.
1	compact, cute, long life battery, price.
0	Quality was grainy. Slow printing web pages. Mine stopped working after 4 months.
0	Quality stopped grainy. Slow printing web pages. Mine was working after 4 months.
1	Value priced, great print quality, quiet, easy to install and use.
1	Value priced, great, quiet, easy to install and use.
0	Two second wait before actual snapshot, Far away images not very good.
0	second before actual snapshot, Far away images not very good.
1	Low price for a VERY GOOD QUALITY
1	Low price for a VERY GOOD 
0	none!
0	none!
0	Combi Customer Service is an answering machine.  Product is not durable.
0	Combi Service is an answering machine.  Product is durable.
1	features, speed, resolution, efficiency
1	features, speeding, resolution, efficiency
0	HP DeskJet 697C
0	HP DeskJet 697C
1	I had good coverage with Cingular.
1	I had secure coverage with Cingular.
1	superior low light shooting, flexible LCD screen, Hotshoe on camera, faster focus, ease of use, battery life and all necessary items included in purchase price
1	superior low igniter shooting, flexible LCD screen, Hotshoe on camera, dissipated focus, allay of usance, bombardment life and all necessary items included in purchase price
1	Good picture quality, excellent computer software, a lot of options
1	Good, excellent computer software, a lot of options
1	Compact, Good Battery life, very basic to use
1	Compact, Good Battery life, very basic to sprightliness use
1	Inordinate sound effects in office.  Printed daylight hours so everyone could sleep.
1	Inordinate sound effects sleep office.  Printed daylight hours so everyone could in.
0	Ink is expensive.  Combined color cartridge...when one color is out, they all are.
0	Ink is expensive.  Combined color cartridge...ink when one color is out, they all are.
0	Some features difficult to access
0	Some features difficult to 
1	Very portable, sleek, tons of accessories and user replaceable parts, good reception.
1	Very response portable, sleek, tons of accessories and user replaceable parts, good reception.
0	Signal Loss sometimes, a little heavy and thick
0	Signal Loss sometimes, a footling heavy and thick
1	Inexpensive, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, to use
1	This durable and lightweight camera can take quality pictures and video of you and others.
1	This perdurable and lightweight camera can deal quality project and video of you and others.
1	Great print quality. Stand alone copy feature is handy. 
1	Great print quality. bandstand alone copy feature is handy. 
0	could print color faster
0	print color faster
0	Poor quality pics.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Flash poor.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Long wait between shots.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Customer service is horrible.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Poor quality.&amp;#13;&;#10;Flash poor.&amp;#13;&;#10;Long wait shots.&;#13;&amp;#10;Customer service is horrible.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Excellent quality, Great Features, Comfortable To Hold!
1	Excellent quality, Great Features, To Comfortable Hold!
1	The "Oooh" Factor.  Small size.  Belt clip.
1	The "Oooh" Factor.  diminished size.  Belt clip.
0	A bit pricey.  Palm experience a must.  MP3 player is OK. No optional earphones.
0	A bit have pricey.  Palm experience a must.  MP3 player is OK. No optional earphones.
0	Only comes with a 8mb smart card
0	Only card with a 8mb smart comes
1	Very versatile, light weight
1	Very, light weight
1	Small, functional, wireless web option, decent battery life with included battery
1	Small, functional, wireless life option, decent battery web with included battery
1	Versatility, Easy of Use, Functional
1	Versatility, Easy of Use, 
0	Not really a con, but I learn something new about it everyday
0	Not really a con, but I learn something fresh about it daily
1	Great consolidation, fantastic features, MP3 player, SD card, very good phone, excellent beltclip, web access.
1	Great, fantastic features, MP3 player, SD, very good phone, excellent beltclip, web.
0	Pricey, metamerism too evident (shifts to green too much), painfully slow, consumes too much ink.
0	Pricey, metamerism too patent (slip to viridity too much), painfully slow, consumes too much ink.
0	None.....
0	none.....
1	Small, great battery life
1	minor, great battery life
0	service with Tracfone is very expensive
0	is with Tracfone service very expensive
0	eats batteries quickly,  viewfinder too far from lens, sporadic LCD window
0	consume batteries apace,  viewfinder too far from lens, sporadic LCD window
0	The zoom is not as powerful as the rest of the camera's features.
0	The zoom is whizz not as powerful as the rest of the camera's features.
0	2X Zoom could be better, skimpy 8MB  included compact flash card
0	2X 8MB could be better, skimpy Zoom  included compact flash card
1	a trendioid's wetdream, hotness on a stick, light
1	a trendioid's wetdream, hotness on a stupefy, light
1	Direct connect, internet capable, download games, voice recording, etc
1	Direct capable, internet connect, download games, voice recording, etc
0	why buy when the 1100 and 4050 are available?
0	why buy wherefore when the 1100 and 4050 are available?
1	Easy to carry, lightweight, great pics, awesome features for such a small camera
1	Easy to transmit, lightweight, swell pics, awesome features for such a small camera
1	Easy to use, acceptable picture quality.
1	Easy to consumption, acceptable picture quality.
0	It sucks batteries, and my cord is not working.
0	It non sucks batteries, and my cord is not working.
1	color
1	distort color
0	No speaker phone or web browser
0	No speaker phone or WWW browser
0	Key lock unlocks when you get a call and slide switch on side is annoying.
0	Key lock unlocks when you a call switch on side is annoying.
0	None so far.
0	far so None.
1	Inexpensive, compact flash compatible
1	Inexpensive, compact flash bundle compatible
1	Excellent price, quality of pics, and durable
1	Excellent price, quality of exposure, and durable
1	Fast, efficient
1	immobile Fast, efficient
0	lousy design on paper tray
0	stinky design on paper tray
1	Unlimited ability to take photos, sharp, crisp, easy to use, Macro ability
1	Macro ability to take photos, sharp, crisp, easy to use, Unlimited ability
1	The size of the phone and the options of choice.
1	The size of the phone and options the of choice.
0	8MB memory too small and lens cap strap wasn't include
0	8MB storage too pocket-sized and lens cap strap wasn't include
1	Joystick makes menu navigation and game play easy.
1	Joystick makes menu piloting navigation and game play easy.
1	Portability can't be beat
1	Portability can't beat be
0	-video is useless
0	-TV is useless
1	ALL in one machine
1	car ALL in one machine
1	Great printer for the price. Easy set up.  
1	slowly Great printer for the price. Easy set up.  
0	Poor battery life,Poor sound quality,constant buzzing in the background
0	Poor,Poor sound quality,constant buzzing in the background
1	interface, compatibility with earlier models
1	interface, compatibility models earlier with
1	Quick printing, Takes up very little desk space, reliable.
1	reliable printing, Takes up very little desk space, Quick.
0	Wish it had a bigger zoom.
0	a it had Wish bigger zoom.
0	Clunky interface. Address Book management a pain. Volume issues. Persistent buzzing required new phone.
0	Clunky. Address Book management a pain. Volume issues. Persistent buzzing required new.
0	rate is a little high
0	rate is petty a little high
1	Wirless internet (3G), text messaging, and a camera.
1	internet Wirless (3G), text messaging, and a camera.
0	Battery Life, Durability, Focus Range, No AC Adapter
0	Battery spirit, Durability, Focus Range, No AC Adapter
0	Lens cover tricky to close, need to buy accessories
0	Lens cover tricky to close, nigh need to buy accessories
1	Small, lightweight, strong construction
1	Small, lightweight, construction
0	cartridge installation is a bit tricky, $29 cartridges, only comes with a color cartridge
0	cartridge installation is a bit cunning, $XXIX cartridges, only comes with a color cartridge
1	High quality printouts (text &amp;amp; graphics), fast
1	High quality printouts (text &amp;printout amp; graphics), fast
0	Manual not good
0	honest Manual not good
1	Excellent Quality Photos
1	Excellent choice Photos
1	Extremely small, but comfortable to grip; very good design and functionality; great UI; looks cool!
1	Extremely poise small, but comfortable super to grip; very good design and functionality; great UI; looks cool!
1	Great Price and Value
1	Price Great and Value
0	Dirt builds up on sensor, image buffer too small.
0	Dirt builds up crap on sensor, image buffer too small.
1	great zoom
1	cracking zoom
0	Difficult menu system to figure out initially
0	Difficult menu system figure out initially
0	Potentially weak LCD screen
0	Potentially weak screen LCD
0	Shutter lag, flimsy output cover, plasticy body, poor daylight LCD performance. 
0	Shutter lag, flimsy output cover, plasticy body, poor daylight day LCD performance. 
0	Battery Sucker, Delay between when you push button and picture is taken
0	Battery Sucker, Delay between when you push button betwixt and picture is taken
1	A nice integrated phone and palm device with many cool features.
1	A nice angstrom integrated phone and palm device with many cool features.
1	Thin, but not fragile.  Stylish.
1	Thin, but not thinly fragile.  Stylish.
0	slow, and expensive. 
0	, and expensive. 
1	weight, voice recognition, dedicated voice/text mail buttons
1	weight, vocalize recognition, dedicated voice/text mail buttons
1	Pretty, Great reception, Quad-band GSM.
1	receipt Pretty, Great reception, Quad-band GSM.
1	Small, long battery life, easy to use.
1	low, long battery life, easy to use.
0	price (will soon be obsolete), optical viewfinder, durability and quality
0	price (will soon be obsolete), viewfinder, durability quality
0	Highlights red hues in low-light situations, similar cons shared by most digital cameras.
0	Highlights hues low-light situations, similar cons shared by most digital cameras.
0	None.
0	none.
0	Zero customer service
0	Zero avail customer service
0	Ear piece doesn't fit in my ear!!
0	Ear Indiana piece doesn't fit in my ear!!
1	Instant pictures, Easy to use, and picture upload time is quick
1	Instant pictures, Easy to use, and picture upload time is straightaway quick
1	Good print quality on the first two prints. That's it!!!
1	practiced print quality on the get-go two prints. That's it!!!
1	Best quality output, fast, smooth operation.
1	Best quality output, fast, degraded smooth operation.
0	Snags about 27% of memory resources with the different drivers that sits in resident memory.
0	Snags memory that% of memory resources with the different drivers 27 sits in resident about.
0	Large Screen Size, Monochromatic Screen, NO downloadable ringtones
0	Large size Screen Size, Monochromatic Screen, NO downloadable ringtones
0	Big. Takes up alot of space on my desk though.
0	Big. Takes up alot of space on though desk my.
1	Small, GSM, World Coverage, And Many Extra Gadgets
1	Small, GSM, World contraption Coverage, And Many Extra Gadgets
1	Clarity, Loud, Long Battery Life, Great Features.
1	Clarity, Loud, Long Battery, Great Features.
1	Excellent print quality, card reader, portable
1	Excellent print card, quality reader, portable
1	Cheap
1	Cheap
1	size and weight
1	weight and size
0	Set up is horrible, try to take in more than 1 sheet at a time
0	sheet up is in, try to take horrible more than 1 Set at a time
0	Subject must be absolutely still.  No flash.
0	Be Subject must be absolutely still.  No flash.
0	For certains too bulky...more stable for me.
0	For certains more bulky...too stable for me.
0	remember it's lightweight
0	commend it's lightweight
0	Way too LOUD.
0	Way too.
1	excellent print quality on a variety of paper types
1	excellent print quality on potpourri a variety of paper types
0	none
0	none
1	Sharp pictures, easy to use
1	Sharp scene, easy to use
0	small screen, hard on the hands
0	small screen, hard on hands
0	Poorly made for a Nokia, flawed screen.
0	Poorly made for a, flawed screen.
0	Not many visual features, Need higher capacity memory sticks for hi-res shots
0	Not many visual features, postulate higher capacity memory stupefy for hi-res shots
0	Expensive, gets stuck on some low thresholds because it is so light.
0	Expensive, gets stuck on some low thresholds because is so.
0	slow
0	slacken slow
0	poor key light
0	poor key illumination
1	Great quality pics, even in low light
1	Great quality pics, even in light
0	Too trivial to even be worth mentioning here.
0	Too to even be worth mentioning here.
1	Quality Digital Format
1	Quality select Digital Format
1	Real clear
1	Real pass
1	Very spacious, comfy for kids, holds infant seat
1	Very spacious, comfy for kids, holds seat
1	Excellent photo-print quality
1	quality photo-print Excellent
1	affordable, good FM radio, love the torchlight function.
1	affordable, good FM radio, love the torchlight office.
1	Very easy to use, durable and clean quick pictures.
1	Very easy to use, rattling durable and clean quick pictures.
1	Speed, Graphics quality, price (with or with out rebate)
1	Speed, Graphics with, price (with or quality out rebate)
1	nice printing, high quality
1	nice impress, high quality
1	Easy to use.
1	sluttish Easy to use.
0	Rough Focus
0	Focus Rough
1	Inexpensive, easy to install and use
1	Inexpensive, slow to install and use
0	I've had all kinds of hardware problems.
0	I've kinds all had of hardware problems.
0	Software is a nightmare.  Very unstable.  Technical support is NONEXISTENT.  
0	is Software a nightmare.  Very unstable.  Technical support is NONEXISTENT.  
0	Haven't found any yet!
0	any found Haven't yet!
0	uses a lot of batteries
0	uses a lot of axerophthol batteries
0	External flash provisions not good.
0	External flash not good.
1	Great brand, great pictures, perfect size
1	Great size, great pictures, perfect brand
1	Color screen,speaker phone,camera capability,and the web.
1	Color screen,speaker phone,web capability,and the camera.
0	ink refills cost too much
0	ink refills price too much
0	Color screen is basic, no polyphonic ringtones
0	Color screen is ringtones, no polyphonic basic
0	Margins are larger than expected.
0	look Margins are larger than expected.
1	Works well for 9-12 weeks;
1	workplace well for 9-12 weeks;
1	Small prices, easy to use
1	Small prices, easy use
0	Only comes with a 16MB card
0	Only comes a with 16MB card
0	Eats Batteries Like Crazy
0	Eats Batteries Like 
1	Very compact; can operate as a non-flip phone; text messaging
1	Very compact; operate as a non-flip; text messaging
1	Slick looking.  Easy video & camera features.
1	Slick looking.  Easy & camera features.
0	Black ink that smears.
0	smears ink that Black.
1	Quality, quality, quality
1	prime Quality, quality, quality
0	Flimsy, not durable, unreliable, buggy interface, poor customization options.
0	Flimsy, durable, unreliable, buggy interface, poor customization options.
0	Exposure delay
0	Exposure picture delay
0	Low native resolution, and a marketing trick makes it worse.
0	Low native resolution, do and a marketing trick makes it worse.
1	Fast, Many settings and options, picture quality and clarity.
1	Fast, Many settings and options, picture quality and.
1	Cheap
1	inexpensive Cheap
1	range, small, durability, features, and attachments
1	range, durability, small, features, and attachments
1	Good camera, easy use menu, bright display, not too much else...
1	Good camera, easy bright menu, use display, not too much else...
0	interface seems a little buggy
0	interface seems a buggy little
1	Small, Navigation is good, features are good for price
1	Small, Navigation good, features are good for price
1	Great design, easy to use
1	Great design, easy use
1	Ease of set up, speed, quality
1	Ease of set up, speed, prize
1	Tiny, tiny, tiny and wonderful pictures!
1	Tiny, tiny, tiny and wonderful see!
1	Great photo quality, easy to use, won't break the bank. What more could you want??
1	Great, easy to use, won't break the bank. What more could want??
0	Bad quality in low light, bulky case, slow LCD
0	low quality in Bad light, bulky case, slow LCD
0	POOR MANUFACTUER SUPPORT/WARRANTY, Poor battery life, Can't use bluetooth headset for MP3 playback
0	POOR MANUFACTUER SUPPORT/WARRANTY, Poor battery use, Can't life bluetooth headset for MP3 playback
1	Ease of use, special features
1	special of use, Ease features
0	none
0	none
0	I just wish it had a larger optical zoom and maybe a viewfinder.
0	I just unity wish it had a larger optical zoom and maybe a viewfinder.
0	PCS Vision is very poor, limited screen size.
0	PCS Vision is very poor, limited screen constitute size.
1	fast, good quality printing
1	, good quality printing
0	price associated with paper/ink
0	price associated with paper/ink
0	A little pricey compared to dot matrix options
0	A small pricey compared to dot matrix options
0	No Speakerphone, should be compatible with new Verizon VCAST
0	No Speakerphone, should be compatible with Verizon new VCAST
1	very good quality of printing, shape allows you to sit it on a shelf
1	very good of quality printing, shape allows you to sit it on a shelf
1	ease of use
1	of use
0	unexploited features go to waste
0	features go to waste
0	Must lock-out keypad or it calls/turns off while in your pocket, receives calls without ringing.
0	lock-out keypad or it calls/turns off in your, receives calls without ringing.
1	Image Quality, USB, Versatility, Battery Life
1	Image Quality, USB, Versatility, Battery versatility Life
1	Price, Features, Zoom, Standard memory card
1	Price, Features, Zoom, Standard memory 
0	None that I have found yet.
0	that I have found yet.
0	Not as flashy as some other phones
0	Not as flashy as some other call
1	Lovely printing and scanning.
1	Lovely and scanning.
0	Printing speeds are industry average. May consume ink fast, depending on how you customarily print.
0	Printing speeds are industry average. whitethorn May consume ink along fast, depending on how you customarily print.
1	zoom, features, picture quality
1	zoom, features, quality picture
1	It's a colour phone,comes with fun games, and is easy to use
1	It's a colour phone,comes gage with fun games, and is easy to use
1	Contains a printer, scanner, and color copier all in one machine
1	Contains a printer,, color copier all in one machine
0	Volume level too low, possible problem with ringing consistently
0	Volume stage too low, possible problem with ringing consistently
1	Cheap, lightweight
1	tatty, lightweight
0	battery life, LEMON-PRONE, bad customer service.
0	battery service, LEMON-PRONE, bad customer life.
0	Constant PAPER JAMS
0	Constant JAMS
1	Flawless Operation, Beautiful Pictures
1	Flawless Beautiful, Operation Pictures
0	Low battery life, sub par software
0	Low battery life, software par sub
0	Ridiculously tacky.
0	Ridiculously.
1	Easy directions, great size
1	Easy directions, great 
0	Keylock sometimes goes off after screensaver goes on
0	Keylock sometimes goes off on screensaver goes after
0	Parallel port connections with scanner
0	Parallel embrasure connections with scanner
0	slow to focus
0	focus to slow
0	price
0	toll price
0	ink cartridges are costly from Epson!
0	ink cartridges are costly from constitute Epson!
1	small, lightweight, easy to stroll and pack into trunk
1	small, amble lightweight, easy to stroll and pack into trunk
0	terrible battery life, terrible service, dropped calls
0	battery life, terrible service, dropped calls
1	Great  photo output, quiet, low cost ink.
1	quiet  photo output, Great, low cost ink.
1	Extremely easy to use, Low Price, Fantastic Images, light weight, expandable!
1	Extremely easy to use, Low, Fantastic Images, light weight,!
1	Text message, up to 2 hours and 40 minutes talk time
1	Text message, up to 2 hours and proceedings 40 minutes talk time
0	Paper jams frequent&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Bad long term colour quality
0	Paper jams frequent&amp;#13;&amp;#10;uncollectible long term colour calibre
1	lightweight, easy to fold up to fit in small places, great for travel
1	lightweight, easy great fold up to fit in small places, to for travel
1	Quality Kodak lens coating; small, light; versatile; great color; sharp images; great close-ups, night-shots.
1	Quality Kodak lens coating; small, light; versatile; great; images; great close-ups, night-shots.
0	Hard to use, poor sound.
0	poor to use, Hard sound.
0	Costs of replacing ink
0	supplant Costs of replacing ink
0	Heavy,Big
0	Big,Heavy
1	Small size, good image quality, 2x option,
1	size, good image quality, 2x option,
0	must be high-tech friendly
0	must be hi-tech friendly
1	Many Features, Many Options, CONVERSATIONAL PIECE!
1	Many PIECE, Many Options, CONVERSATIONAL Features!
1	Takes great pictures, very clear, pretty good zoom
1	Takes great pictures, very clear, pretty reasonably good zoom
0	Electronic Viewfinder, no AF assist light, no lens stabilization, 
0	Electronic Viewfinder, no AF assist light, no lens, 
1	Good inexpensive camera.
1	adept inexpensive camera.
0	Poor sound quality,cheap,not all of features
0	Poor profound quality,cheap,not all of features
1	Durability, slim size, cool factor, great sound and reception
1	Durability, slim size, cool factor, great sound slender and reception
0	Can't think of any
0	Can't recollect of any
0	piece of crap!
0	piece of tack crap!
0	not reliable, not the best screen savers, not many features
0	not reliable, not savers best screen the, not many features
0	Macintosh integration appalling .
0	Macintosh integration dismaying .
1	Excellent photo printing
1	Excellent photo print
1	Crisp, detailed images. Nice 5x Optical Lens. Comparatively affordable.
1	, detailed images. Nice 5x Optical Lens. Comparatively affordable.
1	great color, easy to use
1	color, easy to use
0	terrible battery life, odd shape
0	terrible battery life, odd regulate
1	Full feature/function packed phone
1	full Full feature/function packed phone
0	Too long of a delay to take picture.
0	Too long of a take to delay picture.
1	price, good quality printer, fast, supports both USB and parallel
1	price, good USB printer, fast, supports both quality and parallel
0	No paper manual for reference
0	nobelium No paper manual for reference
0	battery life
0	barrage life
0	None for me.  It works great as a phone.
0	None me.  It works great as a phone.
0	to big, not enough features
0	to big, enough features
0	Not a very 'solid' feel, but of course this is nit-picking
0	very a Not 'solid' feel, but of course this is nit-picking
0	Bad reception & no clock while locked.
0	Bad reception & no locked while clock.
0	short battery life, questionable reception
0	short battery animation, questionable reception
1	Ease of use, image quality, value
1	of Ease use, image quality, value
1	speed, quality, name
1	speed, quality, caliber name
1	nice printing quality
1	nice timbre printing quality
0	No print density control: prints too light with some fonts.
0	No print density fonts: prints too light with some control.
0	Heads need cleaning every time I use it, wasting ink., Paper jams.
0	Heads need cleaning mess every time I use it, wasting ink., Paper jams.
1	Quick, good print quality, reliable paper-handling and inexpensive
1	Quick, good print quality, paper-handling and inexpensive
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	Better merely than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	Rugged, solid construction; simple to use, good basic PHONE features, nice screen.
1	Rugged, solid construction; simple to, good basic PHONE features, nice.
0	no viewfinder, not highest resolution, bulky
0	no viewfinder, highest resolution, bulky
0	No more Verizon support.  Unreliable keys.  Battery life.  Software response delays.  Infuriating pop-ups.
0	delays more Verizon support.  Unreliable keys.  Battery life.  Software response No.  Infuriating pop-ups.
0	Startup a bit slow. Flash can be obscured by finger., Accidental on from control dial.
0	Startup a turn sluggish. Flash can be obscured by thumb., Accidental on from control dial.
0	It use to come with a 20MB card and now only an 8 MB card.
0	It practice to come with a 20MB card and now only an 8 M wag.
1	really small and sexy
1	really small and 
0	scrapes
0	scrapes
0	To get use with the menu sometimes seems a little bit strange
0	To get use with the seems sometimes menu a little bit strange
1	Sharp Photos at 2.0 Mega Pixels, Good brand, and User Friendly
1	Sharp and at 2.0 Mega Pixels, Good brand, Photos User Friendly
0	reception problems
0	response problems
1	Excellent output (9x7in @ 300dpi), Insane number of features
1	Excellent output (9x7in @ 300dpi), Insane of features
0	image quality and focus 
0	image tone and focus 
1	Easy sync to outlook, contacts, etc.
1	Easy sync to outlook, touch, etc.
1	Ultraslim aluminum metal case, bright display, Bluetooth, loud speakerphone, internal antenna
1	Ultraslim aluminum metal case, bright, Bluetooth, loud speakerphone, internal 
1	user friendly with nice shortcuts.
1	user friendly with favorable nice shortcuts.
1	Dirt cheap.
1	cheap Dirt.
1	inexpensive, aesthetically pleasing, has the features of more expensive phones
1	inexpensive, aesthetically please, has the characteristic of more expensive phones
0	expensive (but not more than other brands) ink cartridges
0	expensive (but not more than other steel) ink cartridges
1	easy to use
1	comfortable easy to use
0	Poor XP compatibility., Crappy Factory Driver., Poor Paper Loading., , 
0	Poor XP compatibility., Crappy Factory Driver., Poor Paper lading., , 
1	Cheap, Good Quality Text, Cheap Ink
1	Cheap, Good Quality Text, brassy Ink
0	Photos less quality than expected.
0	Photos less than quality expected.
0	Not reliable
0	reliable Not
1	Looks SLEEK against my Cheek
1	Looks against SLEEK my Cheek
1	Amazing picture, great lens, supplied battery, charger, numerous options
1	Amazing picture, great lens, bombardment supplied battery, charger, numerous options
1	Print Quality, Print Quality, Print Quality!
1	Print quality, Print Quality, Print Quality!
0	Only comes with 8 MB flash memory card
0	Only comes with 8 memory flash MB card
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	Cost of cartridges
0	of cartridges
0	Oversleeps...Full 45 seconds to print after first print command.
0	Oversleeps...Full 45 seconds to command after first print print.
0	Poor Reception, Antenna Bends Easily, Terrible Battery Life
0	Poor Reception, Antenna Life Easily, Terrible Battery Bends
1	FULL DUPLEX SPEAKER PHONE (IT WORKS!) WITH ONE TOUCH SPEAKER ACTIVATION- VOICE ACTIVATED DIALING
1	FULL DUPLEX SPEAKER PHONE (IT WORKS!) WITH SPEAKER ACTIVATION- VOICE ACTIVATED DIALING
0	Constant disc errors-lost photos, large clumsy camera, poorly positioned buttons, bad for active photographers
0	Constant disc errors-lost pic photos, large clumsy camera, poorly positioned buttons, bad for active photographers
0	no camera phone or bells and whistles. Very basic other than color screen.
0	no camera phone bells and whistles. basic other than color screen.
1	High quality, quick and quiet
1	High quality, quickly and quiet
1	Clear and crisp photos
1	Clear and crisp photo photos
0	So so software
0	So software so
1	Not bad price for a zoom camera
1	Not bad A price for a zoom camera
1	Tough, Great Quality, Great Features, Awesome!
1	Great, Great Quality, Tough Features, Awesome!
0	None
0	None
1	HP quality, never jams, quiet, nice photo output
1	HP never, quality jams, quiet, nice photo output
1	quality prints-software great-good use of ink
1	quality prints-software great-good use of ink
1	good price for a camera with zoom
1	good price for a camera zoom with
0	Software, Support
0	Software, bear
0	ease of feature-use (lack thereof)
0	comfort of feature-use (lack thereof)
1	Very high resolution, full manual control, long battery life, compact
1	stocky Very high resolution, full manual control, long battery life, compact
0	None that I can think of
0	derriere None that I can think of
1	Strikingly beautiful
1	beautiful
1	cheap, good pictures
1	good, cheap pictures
0	None
0	None
0	$200 cost of phone
0	$cost of phone
1	Great quality, features, durability and ease of use.
1	Great quality, features, durability and ease use.
0	Short standard battery life,
0	Short standard battery bombardment life,
0	Internal memory small, camera case not include
0	Internal memory small, case camera not include
0	Poor picture quality and no flash.
0	picture Poor quality and no flash.
0	slow download time
0	slow download 
0	automatic flash,no previews too pricey 
0	automatic flash,previews no too pricey 
1	Thin profile, lightweight, and large, vivid color display. Clear audio and easy to use.
1	Thin profile, lightweight, pass and large, vivid color display. Clear audio and easy to use.
1	Very nice camera for the price. Easy to use, nice quality pictures
1	Very nice camera for the price. Easy to use, nice prosperous quality pictures
1	Excellent Print Quality: Low cost cartridges; Reliable
1	Excellent Print quality: Low cost cartridges; Reliable
0	Expensive
0	expensive
1	Ease of use, options, comfort on the eyes
1	Ease of utilisation, options, comfort on the eyes
0	None yet, though it has dropped a few calls. That's Verizon, not the phone.
0	None yet, though it has expend a few outcry. That's Verizon, not the phone.
1	High quality color, USB connection, very quiet, compact size
1	High quality color, USB connection, very, compact size
0	Plastic tripod mount, can't access battery or CF release while mounted on tripod (BIG WHOOP!!)
0	Plastic tripod mount, can't access battery or CF sack while bestride on tripod (full-grown WHOOP!!)
1	Excellent buy for the low cost! Works just as well as the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and quick to learn how to use!
1	Excellent purchase for the scummy cost! process just as well as the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and quick to larn how to use!
1	Good picture quality for JPG compression
1	for picture quality Good JPG compression
1	Good resolution, great zoom, easy to use, USB connection, great price, movie capability
1	Good resolution, smashing zoom, easy to role, USB connection, great price, movie capability
1	Small size, inexpensive 
1	size Small, inexpensive 
1	Build quality, features, feel
1	Build, features, feel
0	printing photos is hard for me
0	personify printing photos is hard for me
0	Battery life, antenna (lame), easily scratched, Earpiece volume too loud
0	Battery life, antenna (lame), easily strike scratched, Earpiece volume too loud
1	Picture clarity, Kodak Name, Ease of Use, Zoom
1	Picture clarity, Kodak Name, Ease of purpose Use, Zoom
1	Nice features.
1	features Nice.
1	Initial cost, print quality, print speed.
1	Initial cost, quality, print speed.
0	key pad size.
0	key pad paint size.
0	A real battery eater!
0	A real battery barrage eater!
1	no more film or negatives
1	no more film More or negatives
1	Inexpensive, user friendly, great quality shots.
1	Inexpensive, user friendly, calibre great quality shots.
0	cost of cartridges
0	cost of pickup
0	low ear piece volume, not a polyphonic phone (can not download ring tunes)
0	low ear piece volume, not a polyphonic broken phone (can not download ring tunes)
0	It rarely works, drinks ink like water
0	It rarely plant, drinks ink like water
1	picture and text quality, price, no paper jam, can use parallel or usb cable.
1	picture no text quality, price, and paper jam, can use parallel or usb cable.
1	Photowise 1.7; Switchable LCD; LCD cover; optical viewfinder
1	LCD 1.7; Switchable Photowise; LCD cover; optical viewfinder
0	RECEPTION!
0	RECEPTION!
0	doesn't have polyphonic ringtones
0	doesn't have contrapuntal polyphonic ringtones
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
0	Finicky dialing (voice/nobelium redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no consequence sent to VM.
1	Stylish Looks, Interchangeable bezels & casing, reverse black/blue lit screen, rotating flip design, lightweight
1	rotating Looks, Interchangeable bezels & casing, reverse black/blue lit screen, Stylish flip design, lightweight
0	Not many
0	Not non many
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, verbalizer phone, one megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
0	lithium ion battery can be expensive...
0	lithium shelling ion battery can be expensive...
1	Light, compact, simple, durable and attractive.
1	Light, attractive, simple, durable and compact.
1	Compact, camera (still&video), decent battery life
1	battery, camera (still&video), decent Compact life
1	Photo quality prints that look like real photos!
1	Photo quality prints that look like real exposure!
1	Outstanding clarity of printing, ease of use is superb, you can't do better
1	Outstanding lucidity of printing, ease of use is superb, you can't do secure
1	Easy to Use, 60 Seconds of Video, Operates via Floppy Disk
1	Easy to expend, 60 Seconds of Video, Operates via Floppy disk
0	Expensive, other similar models are out now, no color
0	Expensive, other similar models are out now, no colourise
1	elicits oohs and ahhs wherever it goes
1	wherever oohs and ahhs elicits it goes
1	Price, size, picture quality good for beginners 
1	Price, beginners, picture quality good for size 
1	Small, Did I Say Small? Like A Little 6190
1	Say, Did I Small Small? Like A Little 6190
1	Flashy design, lots of options. Excellent reception.
1	receipt Flashy design, lots of options. Excellent reception.
0	Skimpy on features other phones have.&#13;&#10;- Difficult to navigate phone without learning the "shortcuts"
0	Skimpy on boast other earphone have.&#13;&#10;- Difficult to navigate phone without erudition the "shortcuts"
1	Changeable covers, internet, downloadable ringtones, memory space
1	Changeable covers, internet, downloadable ringtones, memory 
0	Good luck trying to find more fugi rechargeable batteries. Memory cards are expensive.
0	Good luck poster trying to find more fugi rechargeable batteries. Memory cards are expensive.
1	great size
1	great majuscule size
1	Print quality is very good, especially for pictures.
1	Print quality is very good, especially selfsame for pictures.
1	Decent Price, Ink Meter view when printing. Good black print quality 
1	Decent Price, Ink Meter view. Good black print quality 
1	Windows 2000 Compatibility; Easy Setup/Use; Price
1	Windows 2000 Compatibility; sluttish Setup/Use; Price
0	Setting the time is difficult to figure out.
0	Setting the time is difficult to figure.
1	Small, great reception, great battery life
1	Small, great great, reception battery life
1	Awesome print quality at a fast speed
1	Awesome print quality at a fast impress speed
1	Supports 128mb Media, lightweight, compact, attractive, records 15 second AVI files, and 3x optical zoom.
1	Supports Media 128mb, lightweight, 3x, attractive, records 15 second AVI files, and compact optical zoom.
0	Lack of internal disk space
0	Lack of internal saucer disk space
0	Paid so much I'm afraid to take it places
0	to so much I'm afraid Paid take it places
1	Cheap, Good Quality Printing
1	Cheap, Quality Printing
0	reception, sound quality, ringer
0	, sound quality, ringer
1	Very good digital images
1	Very good images
1	clear printing, about average print time
1	clear printing, about print time
0	none for me
0	Maine none for me
1	Small, useful, good printing quality, inexpensive
1	Small, useful, good quality, inexpensive
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
1	lasts reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery Great forever.
0	basket is inaccessable when seat is all the way down
0	hoop is inaccessable when derriere is all the way down
0	The Price, but you get what you pay for!
0	The Price, but you arrest what you pay for!
1	Compact
1	stocky
1	quality, price, durability
1	quality, price, 
0	Capacity
0	content
1	Color screen, ok service.
1	Color ok, screen service.
0	Audio noise in movie mode, 2x zoom, 20-second movies, 2.1 MPixel
0	Audio noise in movie mode, 2x zoom, ii 20-second movies, 2.1 MPixel
0	no ac adaptor, uses batteries quickly
0	ac adaptor, uses batteries quickly
0	Limited zoom, special battery
0	Limited trammel zoom, special battery
0	Disappointing if you're accustomed to Nikon pro equipment!
0	Disappointing if you're accustomed to Nikon equipment!
0	Mis-marketed as a world phone. No speakerphone - lack of simple rings.
0	Mis-marketed as a phone. speakerphone - lack of simple rings.
1	Great features...color display, voice dialing, great rings........low price.
1	features...color display, voice dialing, great rings........low.
1	Size, color quality, Options, Battery.
1	Size, pick color quality, Options, Battery.
1	Display, looks, battery life
1	Display, looking, battery life
0	Rechargable battery is extra, battery life is short, only two aperature stops, if cap left on while unit is powered up, lens is driven into the cap (not that big a deal, but bad engineering)
0	Rechargable battery is extra, battery biography is short, only two aperature boodle, if detonator provide on while unit is powered up, lens is ride into the cap (not that grownup a cope, but bad engineering)
1	Simple, easy to use
1	Simple, easy to childlike use
0	nothing to big to mention
0	cypher nothing to big to mention
1	Bluetooth, built-in infrared, built-in camera, compact, internet, long-lasting battery
1	Bluetooth, built-in infrared, built-in camera, internet, compact, long-lasting battery
0	shutter lag time, uses XD cards
0	shutter lag, uses XD cards
0	Tremendous ink consumption, frequent paper jams
0	Tremendous ink paper, frequent consumption jams
1	Inexpensive and Reliable
1	Inexpensive true and Reliable
1	Small and does it all for less $$
1	Small it does and all for less $$
1	Excellent picture quality, fast zoom lens, remote control.
1	Excellent picture, fast zoom lens, remote control.
1	The battery life is great.
1	The life battery is great.
0	Very  Hard to Use 
0	really  Hard to Use 
1	Lightweight, great quality, no antenna, color screen, great battery, cheap price
1	Lightweight, great quality, no antenna, distort screen, capital battery, cheap price
0	A bit heavy, included CF card uselessly small.
0	card bit heavy, included CF A uselessly small.
1	Small, sexy phone. Great reception and sound quality.
1	Small, sexy phone. swell reception and sound quality.
0	unusable picture quality, poor battery life, useless speaker phone, quirky features that you can't disable
0	unusable scene quality, poor bombardment living, useless speaker phone, quirky features that you can't disable
0	Paper supply on the small side, slow to warm up
0	Paper supply on the small, slow to warm 
0	battery door won't stay closed - not much use that way
0	won't door battery stay closed - not much use that way
1	Cheap, fast, great prints, good ink length
1	Cheap,, great prints, good ink length
1	Fast, high-quality printer that lasts and lasts...
1	Fast, high-quality that lasts and lasts...
0	nothing really, no web browser, battery
0	nothing no, really web browser, battery
0	Expensive Ink Tanks.  Complicated but powerful management software.
0	Expensive Ink Tanks.  Complicated but potent powerful management software.
0	Low light resolution, menu dial a bit hairy, memory
0	Low light resolution, solvent menu dial a bit hairy, memory
1	ITS A NOKIA
1	ITS A 
1	The cell phone has reception most of the time.
1	The cell earphone has reception most of the time.
0	cheaply made
0	cheaply construct
1	Palm and Handheld in one unit
1	Palm and Handheld in i unit
1	Sleek and Stylish, Well Constructed, Ergonomically Correct, Good Clarity, Nice Bells and Whistles
1	Sleek and, Well Constructed, Ergonomically Correct, Good Clarity, Nice Bells and 
0	poor ISO400, control response not so fast
0	poor ISO400, fast response not so control
1	Speed, great outdoor pictures.
1	Speed, great outdoor impression.
0	Numbers don't light up
0	light don't Numbers up
0	UNRELIABLE
0	treacherous
0	carry a brick around on your belt, then you'll know
0	a brick around on your belt, then you'll 
0	batteries won't hold a charge
0	batteries charge hold a won't
1	good sound quality, when it works.
1	good sound timbre, when it works.
0	Ink consumption is little too much.
0	Ink consumption is little too expenditure much.
1	Size, Well back lit, ability to use data kit.
1	Size, Well back stake lit, ability to use data kit.
0	no lens cap
0	lens no cap
0	won't easily bleed to bottom edge of paper
0	won't easily bleed to bottom sharpness of paper
0	Crappy "feel" due to cheap detailing, like a plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic design.
0	Crappy "feel" due to cheap detailing, like short a plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic design.
0	It is a piece  of junk
0	piece is a It  of junk
0	have to be very still to take a great picture.
0	have to be a still to take very great picture.
0	Games suck.
0	suck Games.
1	large color screen, decent battery, looks nice, cheap
1	decent color screen, large battery, looks nice, cheap
0	Interface a little quirky
0	Interface a small quirky
1	Fast, Precise, High Quality
1	Precise, Fast, High Quality
0	no games, becoming outdated
0	no games, seemly outdated
0	1. The spontaneous freezing
0	1. The spontaneous unwritten freezing
0	Fatal Errors cause resets, buttons hard to feel and slightly delayed.  Cost
0	Fatal Errors cause disastrous resets, buttons hard to feel and slightly delayed.  Cost
0	Ink cartridge refills cost higher than normal
0	Ink cartridge refills cost higher refill than normal
0	Connection Problems
0	association Problems
1	Stunning Image Quality, Lots of Storage, Good software bundle
1	Stunning Image Quality, Lots of software, Good Storage bundle
1	Seamlessly synchs with Microsoft Outlook. Large, easy to read display makes navigation a breeze.
1	Seamlessly synchs with Microsoft Outlook. Large, easy to read display makes boastfully navigation a breeze.
0	Battery life, few options, squeaky hinge, unpredictable call quality
0	Battery lifespan, few options, squeaky hinge, unpredictable call quality
0	Very basic in amenities.
0	in basic Very amenities.
0	expensive hardware, expensive ink cartridges
0	expensive hardware, expensive ink 
0	Costs more than some would want to spend
0	Costs some than more would want to spend
0	Ringer tunes, battery life (?)
0	Ringer, battery life (?)
1	Small, Quality pics, tastes great and is less filling.
1	small-scale, Quality pics, tastes great and is less filling.
1	LCD on the front and Voice Command
1	LCD on the front spokesperson and Voice Command
1	Awesome quality, no cords, floppy disk feature is great!
1	Awesome quality, no cords, floppy disk feature cost is great!
0	rechargeable batteries sold separately
0	rechargeable batteries separately
1	Holds 90+ images, Compatible with PC and Mac formats
1	Holds 90+ images, Compatible formats PC and Mac with
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so true much more
1	Excellent zoom - CD-R drive - lower JPEG compression than previous Mavicas - SLR feel and functionality - USB connectivity - MPEG HQ
1	Excellent USB - CD-R drive - lower JPEG feel than previous Mavicas - SLR compression and functionality - zoom connectivity - MPEG HQ
0	battery hungry!
0	battery thirsty hungry!
1	Lots of options
1	luck Lots of options
1	Easy instructions and software.  Compact, durable and light-weight.
1	Easy instructions and tardily software.  Compact, durable and light-weight.
0	Taking a $500 camera out with me makes me a tad nervouse...
0	learn a $500 camera out with me wee me a tad nervouse...
1	Fast, clear/crisp documents
1	Fast, clear/crisp document documents
1	Light, small, easy. Good quality photos
1	Light, small, easy. adept quality photos
1	narrow, easy to get through doors and aisles
1	narrow, threshold easy to get through doors and aisles
1	Reliable, Great volume control, comfortable in the hand, durable, many faceplates produced, battery strength lasts.
1	Reliable, Great volume control, comfortable in the hand, shelling durable, many enduringness faceplates produced, battery strength lasts.
1	color screen
1	color covert
1	Solid, dependable, well documented.
1	Solid, dependable, well good documented.
0	No external caller ID, limited accessories, charger port cover easy to lose.
0	No external extraneous caller ID, limited accessories, charger port cover easy to lose.
0	Needs a lot of light.
0	Needs a of light.
1	Cheap
1	inexpensive
0	Doesn't have all of the trendy bells and whistles like polyphonic ringtones.
0	Doesn't have all of the trendy bells and pennywhistle wish polyphonic ringtones.
0	Horrible manual, mediocre software
0	Horrible manual, mediocre 
1	size, good reception
1	size, good 
1	Has Features of Cameras Double the Price, EXCELLENT Value!
1	possess Features of Cameras Double the Price, EXCELLENT Value!
0	A bit heavy.  Small 8m flash card included. It could have been a 16m!
0	A heavy.  Small 8m flash card included. It could have been a!
0	Ink cost
0	cost
0	Defective and the quality?
0	Defective and faulty the quality?
1	The Graco name, 1 year warr, ease of use, price, durability, bases avail at GracoBaby.com
1	The Graco name, 1 class warr, ease of employment, price, durability, foot avail at GracoBaby.com
1	Great features, small package
1	Great packet features, small package
1	cheap. voice dialing
1	cheap. voice 
1	small, lightweight, easy to use
1	diminished, lightweight, easy to use
0	easily lost its so small
0	lost its so small
0	Weird looking!
0	looking Weird!
1	Easy to use, Good documentation, Flash can be turned off, Camera comes with everything necessary to use immediately
1	to use, documentation, Flash be turned off, Camera comes with everything necessary to use immediately
0	Battery life is not the greatest
0	not life is Battery the greatest
0	No accessories, no downloadable ringers, games, backgrounds ect.,
0	No accessories, no downloadable ringer, games, backgrounds ect.,
1	features and more features, durability
1	features and more features, 
0	Size
0	sizing Size
0	A LITTLE SLOW ON COLOR COPIES
0	A LITTLE SLOW ON COPIES
0	RAW format a pain. Manual focus tricky. Software needs improvement. No remote shutter release.
0	RAW format pain. Manual focus tricky. needs improvement. No remote shutter release.
0	gets warm during use, terrible keys, no extra ringtones
0	gets during use, terrible keys, no extra ringtones
1	Clarity, Signal retention, Size
1	Signal, Clarity retention, Size
1	Easy to use basic functions, large clear LCD preview, inexpensive memory modules
1	Easy to use basic functions, large clear LCD inexpensive, preview memory modules
0	The car seat gets outgrown by 3 months!!
0	The car gets outgrown by 3 months!!
0	Slow exposure makes it difficult to capture nighttime pictures
0	Slow exposure makes it difficult to capture pictures
0	Short battery life, does not come with many necessary accessories, poor resolution.
0	Short battery life, does not come with many necessary bombardment accessories, poor resolution.
1	Crisp,clear photo realistic prints....
1	Crisp,clear print photo realistic prints....
1	Combines PDA, e-mail and cell phone functions.
1	Combines PDA, e-mail and cell functions.
1	faster, accufeed paper handling, USB support 
1	faster, accufeed paper handling, USB stomach 
0	quality
0	timber quality
0	slow speed on printing papers
0	slow upper on printing papers
1	Solid standard phone features
1	features standard phone Solid
0	Pricey. The autofocus can take a while to focus.
0	Pricey. The autofocus can return a while to focus.
1	Easy Layout, good reception most places, dependable
1	Easy Layout, upright reception most places, dependable
1	Low cost, cute, standard USB cable
1	Low cost, cute, standard price USB cable
1	Great graphics
1	bang-up graphics
1	Very inexspensive
1	rattling inexspensive
0	Battery life and Reception is terrible;Phone overheats like crazy;Lousy ring-tones
0	Battery life and Reception dire is terrible;Phone overheats like crazy;Lousy ring-tones
1	Awesome photo quality on Epson papers
1	Awesome quality on Epson papers
0	None significant
0	significant None
0	Everything
0	Everything
0	NONE
0	none NONE
1	Worldwide GSM,&#13;&#10;Ultracompact size, &#13;&#10;Attractive brushed-aluminum casing, Infrared modem &#13;&#10;
1	Worldwide GSM,&#casing;&#10;Ultracompact brushed-aluminum, &#13;&#10;Attractive size 13, Infrared modem &#13;&#10;
0	high cost, especially if you buy a photo quality printer and extra software, etc to go with it...
0	high cost, especially if you buy a photo quality IT printer and extra software, etc to package go with it...
1	Size, battery life, use-ability
1	Size, battery use-ability, life
0	Size, ink compatibility, speed
0	Size, ink compatibility, hurry
1	Small, user-friendly, efficient
1	belittled, user-friendly, efficient
1	Great quality photos... standard upgradeable smartmedia card memory...
1	Great quality photos... standard upgradeable smartmedia memory...
0	None, this is the best camera on the market
0	along None, this is the best camera on the market
1	Digital, can put on computers, viewing screen, quality and flash settings, does not use film, durable, easy to use.
1	Digital, along can prosperous put on computers, viewing screen, quality and flash settings, does not use film, durable, easy to use.
0	Zoom control
0	control Zoom
1	Good design; cool extra features like speakerphone, USB connectivity, & AIM
1	Good conception; assuredness extra features like speakerphone, USB connectivity, & AIM
1	cheap cheap cheap cheap cheap!
1	cheap cheap cheap cheap tinny!
1	Camera is not bad...takes adequate SHORT videos...sufficient talk time.
1	Camera is not bad...strike adequate poor videos...sufficient talk time.
0	total call time
0	total time
0	must have lens cap off when camera is on, can't add filters without adapter
0	must have lens cap off when filters is on, can't add camera without adapter
1	accu-feed paper handling to eliminate jams
1	accu-feed newspaper handling to eliminate jams
0	nothing
0	zippo nothing
0	Bulky.
0	bulky Bulky.
1	Outstanding Print Quality.
1	Outstanding Print quality.
0	As with any cell phone, service can be expensive.
0	equally with any cell phone, service can be expensive.
0	As with all digitals, use of the LCD kills batteries
0	axerophthol with all digitals, apply of the LCD kills batteries
0	None so far
0	None none so far
1	Easy to use - very logical buttons
1	Easy to - very logical buttons
1	Cheap
1	garish
1	GPRS, 3min Voice Recorder, Lion Battery, T9
1	GPRS, 3min bombardment Voice Recorder, Lion Battery, T9
1	Good resolution, and a ton of extra features
1	upright resolution, and a ton of extra features
0	A bit noisy before printing
0	angstrom A bit noisy before printing
0	NO PC TERMINAL; poor battery life; painfully slow autofocus
0	NO PC TERMINAL; poor battery autofocus; painfully slow life
0	one color
0	color one
1	Cheap; compatible with a wide variety of connections; decent text printing.
1	Cheap; with a variety of connections; decent text printing.
0	Only thing is it's a bit expensive, but WELL worth it!
0	Only thing is it's a bit expensive, but WELL affair worth it!
0	Small memory stick, limited manual settings. No sound on movie mode.
0	diminished memory stick, limited manual settings. No wakeless on movie mode.
1	6X Zoom, Incredibly Sharp Detail
1	6X Zoom, Incredibly crisp Detail
0	printer cable that you have to buy separately
0	printer cable that you have to buy 
0	Intermittent electrical problems, poor image quality.
0	Intermittent electrical problems, poor quality.
0	No Internet
0	Internet No
1	Great Phone With A Great Layout and Design
1	Great Phone With A enceinte Layout and Design
0	Too long to turn ON/OFF, only 20 voice-dialing numbers, battery life a bit short
0	long turn ON/OFF, only 20 voice-dialing numbers, life a bit short
0	More expensive than other &amp;quot;home&amp;quot; printers, hard to find in stock, sleek design may look out of place with your other boring components
0	More expensive than other &amp;quot;household&amp;quot; printers, hard to find in stock, aerodynamic blueprint may count out of range with your other boring components
0	Pricey? Yes, but worth it.
0	Pricey? deserving Yes, but worth it.
1	tailorable menu shortcuts, speaker for quick hands free option
1	tailorable menu shortcuts, speaker for quick option free hands
1	Digital photo Lab, Here I come! Lab-quality prints, great color, ink level monitor in software
1	Digital photo, Here I! Lab-quality prints, great color, level monitor in software
1	sturdy, back footrest
1	, back footrest
1	Great pictures
1	neat Great pictures
0	It doesn't allow you to refill cartridges and sometimes has problems feeding paper.
0	It doesn't allow you to refill cartridges and sometimes replenish has problems feeding paper.
1	96 image storage capacity, nearly pocket sized
1	96 image storage, nearly pocket sized
0	Had to buy extra battery for vibrating, new smaller phones out
0	Had to buy superfluous extra battery for vibrating, new smaller phones out
0	Slow, mediocre printing
0	print Slow, mediocre printing
1	Two way radio service
1	Two means radio service
0	Battery life
0	life Battery
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many lineament features, Great pictures and voice clarity
1	cool looking. decent pics. like the flash and size options.
1	cool corresponding looking. decent pics. like the flash and size options.
0	No zoom.  Screen is hard to clean.  
0	No zoom.  hard is Screen to clean.  
0	Rather bulky for the size, battery life, phone book
0	preferably bulky for the size, battery life, phone book
0	manual too small, flimsy USB cover, fragile telephoto switch, 
0	manual USB small, flimsy too cover, fragile telephoto switch, 
1	Photo print quality, photo print longevity, design
1	Photo print quality, photo longevity, design
1	Excellent quality photos, convenient mini-cdrw storage, equipped with useful options, highly recommended!!!
1	Excellent photos, convenient mini-cdrw storage, equipped with useful options, highly!!!
0	Battery life is terrible Not enough people using ReadyLink
0	Battery life is terrible Not enough people utilise ReadyLink
0	none that I can think of
0	that I can think of
1	can't say without installing
1	can't installing without say
1	Easy to use, straight forward functions and design.
1	Easy to use, forward straight functions and design.
1	Cost, Functionality, Power and Features
1	Cost, Functionality, tycoon and Features
0	640-480 resolution
0	640-480 answer resolution
0	None that I have found
0	ground None that I have found
0	Not the best quality definition.
0	quality the best Not definition.
0	Big. Floppies can be good or bad feature.
0	or. Floppies can be good Big bad feature.
1	Excellent low light images. Long battery life with good NiMH's. 3x optical zoom. Manual mode.
1	Excellent low light images. Long battery life with good manual NiMH's. 3x optical whizz zoom. Manual mode.
0	Battery Life
0	Life Battery
0	The paper feed is a constant source of frustration. It does not work!
0	The paper is a constant source of frustration. It not work!
1	Ultra small, good battery life
1	Ultra small, battery good life
1	Sleek and Small
1	Sleek and belittled
0	No USB support
0	No support USB
0	no bluetooth/infrared no games, weak battery
0	no bluetooth/no infrared games, weak battery
1	good price, good pictures, perfect for web use
1	good price, good, perfect for web use
0	Outgrow fast
0	fast Outgrow
1	can print/scan/copy
1	scan print/can/copy
0	Illumination kind of dim in dark light situations.
0	Illumination kind of dim dark light situations.
0	Not for color printing.
0	color for Not printing.
0	no lense cover
0	no lense 
1	Good phone book, and customization.
1	and phone book, Good customization.
0	none for me
0	none me for
1	Compact and metallic body.
1	Compact and metal metallic body.
0	A little pricey
0	A small pricey
0	Rebate ending soon!
0	Rebate ending shortly soon!
1	It does everything you would need from a professional grade film body.
1	It does everything you would need from a professional rank film trunk.
0	Yes, it is hard to turn on and off and a bit bulky.
0	Yes, it is hard to turn on and off and along a bit bulky.
0	no gadgets or geegaws
0	no contraption or geegaws
0	Below average reception, error prone button layout, slow clunky menu interface.
0	Below mediocre reception, error prone release layout, slow clunky menu interface.
1	Very Light Weight, Easy To Open
1	Very Light burden, Easy To Open
0	now seems old technology
0	now seems engineering old technology
0	4 X 6 PICTURES ONLY, VERY EXPENSIVE TO PRINT
0	4 X sextuplet PICTURES ONLY, VERY EXPENSIVE TO PRINT
0	haven't found any
0	haven't any
0	Weak flash, provided memory card (8 MB) is insufficient.
0	Weak flash, provided memory MB (8 card) is insufficient.
1	Good price on a personal laser printer. Crisp printing. 
1	Good cost price on a personal laser printer. Crisp printing. 
0	Camera will break.
0	will break.
1	Perfect Prints, Ease of use, tons of options, sleek styling
1	Perfect, Ease use, tons of options, sleek styling
0	Slow and awkward menu system. Not always easy to find your way around its features.
0	Slow and awkward menu system. Not easy to your way around its.
0	USB connection to camera, digital zoom
0	USB connection to camera, zoom
1	overall design, options, color
1	overall blueprint, options, color
1	Great quality photos, amazing durability, compact, easy to understand, great image options. 
1	quality photos, amazing durability, compact, easy to understand, great options. 
0	Picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slow shutter speed
0	Picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;tedious shutter speed
1	Superb,sharp color picture/text. Quiet. A tad faster than the norm for under $200.
1	Superb,sharp color picture/text. Quiet. tad than the norm under $200.
1	Easy to use, clear pictures, inexpensive
1	Easy to purpose, clear pictures, inexpensive
0	speed
0	speed
1	Great picture quality, optical zoom and digital zoom, fast downloads
1	Great picture quality, optical zoom and flying digital zoom, fast downloads
1	solid construction, versatile, great reception and clarity, comprehensive manual
1	strong construction, versatile, great reception and clarity, comprehensive manual
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
0	menu freezing, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
0	Doesnt come with rechargables.
0	Doesnt come with rechargables.
0	Wireless web button is easy to bump
0	Wireless web button is easy to gibbousness bump
0	Small basket
0	hoop Small basket
0	none
0	none
1	Nice to look at, nice to hold. Cutting edge, cool factor. Nice large display.
1	Nice issue to look at, nice to hold. Cutting edge, cool factor. Nice large display.
1	Sturdy
1	sturdy
0	Reliability
0	Reliability
1	Easy to hold, beautiful pictures, simple setup and documentation, durable
1	Easy to hold, pictures, simple setup documentation, durable
1	*very* inexpensive digital camera. Nice for the price.  
1	*very* inexpensive digital camera. skillful for the price.  
0	Short battery life, slow transfer rate, EXPENSIVE peripherals/add-ons
0	Short battery life, slow peripherals rate, EXPENSIVE transfer/add-ons
1	Multi-functioning, print quality.
1	Multi-functioning, print publish quality.
1	Lightweight, Small, Easy to Use
1	Lightweight, Small, easily to Use
0	flip-cover seems a bit flimsy
0	flip-cover bit a seems flimsy
1	Easy to use, Baby can sleep in carseat and move to stroller!
1	Easy to usage, pamper can sleep in carseat and move to stroller!
1	easy to use, saves money on film
1	easy to use, saves film on money
0	like all digital cameras, dynamic range of contrast is poor compared to film
0	like all digital cameras, dynamic of contrast is poor to film
1	Fantastic optics for color and clarity; Manual and automatic controls for pros and debutants
1	Fantastic optics for color fantastical and clarity; Manual and automatic controls for pros and debutants
0	Sprint customer service stinks
0	Sprint service stinks
1	Can print Large paper, Excellent quality, Great Software, Also has a straight paper path option
1	Can print gravid wallpaper, Excellent quality, Great Software, Also has a straightaway paper path option
1	$, quality, functionality, durability
1	$, calibre, functionality, durability
0	battery doesn't last long, phone directory is not easy to use
0	battery doesn't live long, ring directory is not easy to use
0	Battery life and durability.
0	Battery life and enduringness.
0	Battery needs charging daily if you use the phone at all.  no back up battery
0	Battery needs charging daily if at use the phone up all.  no back you battery
1	inexpensive
1	cheap inexpensive
1	High Resolution at a low cost, small, user-friendly
1	High Resolution at a low cost,, user-friendly
0	Outdated
0	superannuated Outdated
0	Haven't run into any yet.
0	Haven't run into yet.
0	Low resolution, no optical zoom,  and eats batteries
0	Low resolution, no optical zoom,  and eats barrage
1	Amazing design, sleek interface, camera, planner, audio, video, 500 contact list, internet browser, swerve cam
1	get design, sleek interface, camera, planner, audio, video, 500 contact list, net browser, veering cam
0	Weak Speakerphone, small size, costly downloads
0	Speakerphone, small size, costly downloads
0	Poor reproduction of color photos, NOISY
0	Poor reproduction of replication color photos, NOISY
1	Easy to use.
1	Easy to apply.
1	quality printing, fast, cheap cartridges
1	quality bum printing, fast, cheap cartridges
0	black and white text not as good, color shift problem (but only affects one type paper and some high ozone level areas)
0	black and white text not as good, color shift textbook problem (but only affects one type layer paper and some high ozone level areas)
0	Occasionally Slow; Volume Dosen't Get Very Loud
0	Occasionally Slow; Volume Dosen't gravel Very Loud
0	AT&T no longer sells them, NUMEROUS problems with ours, HORRIBLE Customer Service
0	AT&T no longer sells, NUMEROUS problems with ours, HORRIBLE Customer 
0	An ink hog
0	An ink hogget
1	Easy to use, excellent quality pictures
1	Easy to use, excellent quality characterization
0	Not Photo Quality Printing. Colors Come out poor.
0	Not Photo Quality Printing. Colors fare out poor.
0	zoom lens, ackward lens cap
0	zoom lense, ackward lens cap
1	Very excellent printing and fast
1	identical excellent printing and fast
0	none I can think of
0	none single can think of
0	Large, slow serial downloads, and no real zoom.
0	Large, slow serial downloads, sequent and no real zoom.
1	strolls beautifully, lots of different choices
1	strolls beautifully, lots different of choices
1	Photo quality; Price; Easy to use; Good manual options
1	Photo price quality; Price; Easy to use; Good manual options
0	Maximum smart media capacity is only 128 mb
0	Maximum 128 media capacity is only smart mb
1	Easy to  use and to install on your PC
1	comfortable to  use and to install on your PC
1	Web capability, Games, Shortmail
1	capability, Games, Shortmail
0	Grainy images
0	Grainy gritty images
0	ImageMaker software not compatible with older operating systems, locked into MemoryStick technology
0	ImageMaker software not compatible with honest-to-goodness operating systems, mesh into MemoryStick technology
1	3x optical zoom sharp, can take short movies, good macro ability, sharp pictures
1	brusque 3x optical zoom sharp, can take short movies, good macro ability, sharp pictures
0	Pricey at regular price, power hog.
0	Pricey squealer at regular price, power hog.
0	slow shutter.
0	shutter slow.
0	Very weak
0	Very 
1	Great pix;Quality bundle;A kid could use it
1	Great pix;Quality;A kid could use it
0	short alkaline battery life, slow connection using serial port, not photo quality
0	short alkaline life, slow connection using serial port, not quality
1	Extremely easy to use, comes with almost all needed parts and cables
1	Extremely to easy use, comes with almost all needed parts and cables
0	kinda heavy.
0	heavy kinda.
1	Good color and sharpness. 3X Optical zoom.
1	color Good and sharpness. 3X Optical zoom.
0	Finding one with all the extras at the lower price
0	Finding one with all the extras at the lower At price
0	hard on the batteries, have to recharge often or have a 2nd set on hand
0	hard on the batteries, have to reload recharge often or have situated a 2nd set on hand
1	Great images, easy to use, full featured.
1	Great images, easy to use, featured.
0	Cumbersome menus, drops long calls.
0	calls menus, drops long Cumbersome.
1	Easy to use, good quality output, compact
1	to use, good quality output, compact
0	none
0	none
1	Cheap, comfortable and compact
1	thickset Cheap, comfortable and compact
0	Battery hungry!
0	battery Battery hungry!
1	3.5 inch floppy
1	tercet.5 inch floppy
1	Great design, small in size, simple to use
1	bang-up design, small in size, simple to use
0	Colour Tanks Should Be Bigger.
0	Colour Tanks Be Should Bigger.
1	Great camera for the advanced user as well as the beginner.
1	Great as for the advanced user as well camera the beginner.
0	Paper feed is poorly placed, maintenance is costly.
0	Paper feed is poorly rate placed, maintenance is costly.
1	It's cheap and it looks nice.
1	It's cheap and it look nice.
0	Buying the docking port is how you share pics.
0	Buying the docking port is you share pics.
1	low cost, high features, fun
1	gloomy cost, high features, fun
0	Sound quality is awful
0	quality is awful
1	It is inexpensive, compact, and in color!
1	It and inexpensive, compact, is in color!
1	very easy to work
1	easy to work
0	as with any merged products there are some compromises
0	as with any some products there are merged compromises
1	Small, durable, easy to customize, easy to operate
1	Small, durable, easy to customize, easy to operate
0	Brakes are difficult to apply, canopy doesnt provide much shade
0	Brakes difficult to apply, canopy doesnt provide much 
0	analog technology only, length of life
0	analog only, length of life
1	Size,Menu,Voice Features,Reception,Great Ring Tones
1	Size,Menu, Features,Reception,Great Ring Tones
1	High quality camera, with great features, for the price.
1	heavy High quality camera, with great features, for the price.
1	great image quality, easy to navigate controls, very robust
1	great image quality, slowly to navigate controls, very robust
0	slight delay in shutter, movie-mode limited to 10 seconds, sometimes frustrating focus
0	slight ten delay in shutter, movie-mode limited to 10 seconds, sometimes frustrating focus
0	Lens cap could be tighter; no saving in TIF format; plastic card holder door.
0	Lens cap plastic be tighter; no saving in TIF format; could card holder door.
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	User context settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	The picture transfer software doesn't work right, zoom and close-up don't work, and no rechargeable battery pack included.
0	The picture transferral software doesn't form right, zoom and close-up don't work, and no rechargeable battery backpack included.
0	Expensive.
0	expensive Expensive.
1	Great photographic output, very good price.
1	Great cost photographic output, very good price.
0	A little pricey
0	amp little pricey
1	Incredible range of features, high quality pics, over 2megapixels
1	Incredible range of features, high quality pics, over 
1	Nothing but praise.
1	but praise.
0	Battery life is awful, Low light pictures turn out dull, A little too small
0	Battery is awful, Low light turn out dull, A little too small
1	Looks really cool, Super Thin, Features Galore, Downloadable Screensavers and Ringers, Dual color display
1	Looks really cool, Thin, Features Galore, Screensavers and Ringers, Dual color display
1	Nice compact Cellular Phone!
1	compact Cellular Phone!
0	None so far!
0	None so ALIR!
0	Not as fast as some printers.
0	Not as as fast some printers.
1	Clear sound, sturdy, speaker phone
1	Clear, sturdy, speaker phone
0	does not take good pictures
0	does not take suffice good pictures
1	awesome picture quality, endless movie capability, customized settings, pretty easy to figure out.
1	awesome picture quality, soft endless movie capability, customized settings, pretty easy to figure out.
1	Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
1	Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable,, Easy to modify, etc.
1	Small, lightweight and easy to use.
1	Small, lightweight and easy use to.
0	Expensive ink, slowish printing, complicated setup.
0	Expensive ink, slowish printing, complicate setup.
0	Slow shutter, I could use a longer optical zoom
0	longer shutter, I could use a Slow optical zoom
0	None!
0	None!
1	A very attractive phone, bright, beautiful color display, a fun phone
1	A phone, bright, beautiful color display, a fun phone
0	Mode dial keeps shifting when putting into carry bag
0	Mode dial keeps shifting hold when putting into carry bag
1	Easy to use, good quality pictures
1	good to use, Easy quality pictures
0	short battery life and no zoom
0	short life and no zoom
1	Excellent features
1	Excellent 
0	Flash not powerfull for background,tiny control joystick,no zoom(digital really doesnt count, no case/lenscover
0	Flash not powerfull background,tiny,no zoom(digital really doesnt count, no case/lenscover
1	Photo bliss. Extremely easy, many control options, high end features at a rock bottom price.
1	Photo bliss. Extremely easy, many mastery pick, high stop features at a rock bottom price.
1	Sleek, attractive phone. Very good performance.
1	Very, attractive phone. Sleek good performance.
0	Sub-par vibration mode, confusing menus and lack of ringing choices
0	Sub-par vibration mode, choices menus and lack of ringing confusing
1	256 Colors screen, Triband, GPRS, WAP, Bluetooth, Infrared connectivity, MMS, SMS
1	256 colorize sieve, Triband, GPRS, WAP, Bluetooth, Infrared connectivity, MMS, SMS
0	LCD screen eats batteries. Included memory card is small.
0	LCD screen eats carte batteries. Included memory card is small.
0	painfully  unreliable
0	painfully  undependable
1	great value, decent quality
1	great value, quality decent
1	great for photography buff as well as point and shoot person
1	great point photography buff as well as for and shoot person
1	good stroller for indoors, 2 lightweight children, no lifting of one child in and out
1	good stroller for nobelium indoors, 2 lightweight children, no lifting of inch one child in and out
1	Nice digital features in an inexpensive phone
1	Nice digital features in an inexpensive indium phone
1	compact, long battery life, clear screen
1	compact, long battery animation, clear screen
0	closing the cover is sometimes tough, and the zoom lens can get in the way
0	closing the cover is sometimes tough, and the zoom lens can contract get in the exist way
0	Single Band, no expandability, no palm OS, accessories?
0	Single Band, no expandability, no palm OS,?
1	High Qlty. pics. Small size, and a Beauty!
1	pics Qlty. High. Small size, and a Beauty!
1	Ergonomically familiar to Canon EOS SLR owners.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Camera is capable of absolutely stunning images.
1	Ergonomically familiar to Canon SLR owners.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Camera capable of absolutely stunning.
0	Too pricy
0	Too 
0	fax functionality is terrible, no simultaneous functions, can't collate multi-page copy jobs
0	fax functionality terrible, no simultaneous, can't collate multi-page copy jobs
0	nothing
0	nothing
1	easy, great quality
1	easy, bang-up quality
1	Simple to use all-in-one machine, great quality
1	Simple to choice use all-in-one machine, great quality
0	7MB Built In Memory
0	7MB Built establish In Memory
1	Good quality at a fair price
1	Good quality a fair price
1	Nice Picture Quality, Easy to use software, Easy Operation
1	Nice Picture Operation, Easy to use software, Easy Quality
0	The price of $179!
0	The price of $!
0	no usb out of the box 
0	usb out of the box 
0	Price. Same lousy charger as the 720s.  Ringtones.
0	terms. Same lousy charger as the 720s.  Ringtones.
1	Image quality, battery life, ISO 50, RAW format, etc.
1	Image quality, battery life, ISO shelling 50, RAW format, etc.
0	Battery life not long enough
0	Battery life not enough long
0	none its very reliable
0	none dependable its very reliable
0	Heavy/bulky, no view finder, images blur slightly with movement on occasion
0	Heavy/bulky, no view finder, images blur slightly slur with movement on occasion
0	Phonebook not alphabetized by the phone itself, Manual is a bit hard to understand
0	Phonebook not alphabetized by the phone itself, Manual is intemperately a bit hard to understand
1	intuitive operating system, easy to use, good battery life.
1	intuitive operating to, easy system use, good battery life.
0	reception could be better, side buttons, volume can be strange.
0	reception could be better, side buttons, volume sound can be strange.
1	I feel the baby is safe, it's easy to use, and comfortable for baby
1	I the baby is, it's easy to use, and comfortable for baby
0	Heavy, better technology is now available
0	dense, better technology is now available
0	Not a laser.
0	Not non a laser.
1	Excellent Quality and Extremely Easy to Use
1	Excellent Quality and Extremely tardily to Use
0	none
0	none
0	Flimsy pull up antenna.  Occasional echoing on some calls.
0	Flimsy pull up antenna.  ring Occasional echoing on some calls.
1	Small, Compact, Sits 2 children, Entertainment of older child
1	Small, Compact, Sits 2 children, Entertainment older child
1	Great quality, speed, and professional looking.
1	Great quality, and, speed professional looking.
0	Size, T9 text
0	schoolbook Size, T9 text
0	uses batteries quickly
0	practice batteries quickly
1	In all seriousness, I cannot list a single positive attribute for this phone.
1	In all axerophthol seriousness, I cannot list a single positive attribute for this phone.
0	Doesn't handle all papers well and jams frequently.
0	Doesn't handle and papers well all jams frequently.
0	Added expense of accessories
0	Added expense of disbursement accessories
0	SprintPCS Only, Bulky, Slow contact lookup, Clumsy side switch; quiet ringer
0	SprintPCS, Bulky, Slow lookup, Clumsy side switch; quiet ringer
0	Can't ring & vibrate on same settings, takes many keystrokes to operate menu.
0	Can't ring & vibrate on same settings, takes many to operate.
0	Too little space to answer
0	Too little space to solvent
1	much better than a 35mm, ease of operation, plenty of features, great clarity on the LCD screen
1	much better than a 35mm, ease of lineament operation, plenty of features, great clarity amend on the LCD screen
1	8X zoom, exposure control, quality, ease of use, battery life
1	8X zoom, exposure control, quality, ease soar of use, battery life
0	weak flash, weak macro &amp; price
0	weak flash, weak price &amp; macro
0	Does not feel as solid as the 6100 series.
0	Does feel as solid as the 6100 series.
0	Fuzzy pics and need to hold cam very still. 
0	Fuzzy pics and need to hold cam declare very still. 
0	only available with Sprint PCS, no voice memo
0	only available with Sprint memo, no voice PCS
1	Beautiful screen, smooth flip top, small and comfortable, great sounds
1	Beautiful screen, smooth flip top, pocket-sized and comfortable, gravid sounds
0	Relatively "Old", too expensive for its age. Low talk volume.
0	Low "Old", too expensive for its age. Relatively talk volume.
0	Speed Dial can only have 8 phone numbers
0	Speed have can only Dial 8 phone numbers
1	Quality, size, weight
1	quality, size, weight
0	Menu system can be awkward to use at time...
0	Menu system can be awkward to usance at time...
0	Poor connection quality. Tested with other phones on the verizon network. Poor software!!
0	Poor software quality. Tested with other phones on the verizon network. Poor connection!!
1	Easy to use, Idiot proof
1	Easy to use, proof
1	Thin
1	slight Thin
1	Easy to use, Excellent price, delivers on promises.
1	Easy to use, Excellent price, on promises.
1	easy to use, small, great software
1	easy to use, small, software
1	Picture quality is great and easy to use
1	Picture easy is great and quality to use
0	Poor print quality, expensive cartridges and poor dependability.
0	Poor print quality, expensive cartridges and dependability.
1	attaches to most Perego strollers, 5-point harness, nice upholstery, light-weight
1	attaches to Perego strollers, 5-point, nice upholstery, light-weight
1	All-in-One Design, Ease of use, Lots of Extra's.
1	All-in-One Design, Ease of use, flock of Extra's.
0	Paper Tray
0	Tray Paper
1	Great Price!
1	Great toll Price!
1	Looks like a camera
1	like Looks a camera
0	slightly slow print time
0	slightly slow slenderly print time
1	Easy to use, Very accurate color, Intelligent autofocus system, Functional shooting modes, Excellent software
1	Easy to use, Very accurate color, Intelligent autofocus system, Functional shooting, software
0	Documentation on CDROM, serial port, useless for action photography, high battery drain.
0	on CDROM, serial port, useless for photography, high battery drain.
1	Sleek, Competitive and Impressive
1	Sleek, Impressive and Competitive
0	battery life, one name/one number in phone book
0	battery life, one name/one number phone book
0	a little noisy in colour print mode
0	a little in colour print mode
1	Fast, versatile, excellent value for money
1	Fast, versatile, excellent value evaluate for money
1	Graphics are about the only thing that's good
1	Graphics are the only thing that's good
1	Takes little space. Prints fast!
1	Takes little space. fast!
0	no bluetooth, no camera and short battery life
0	nobelium no bluetooth, no camera and short battery life
0	Foolish interface, stupid handsfree set.
0	Foolish stupefied interface, stupid handsfree set.
1	Good customer support
1	Good support
1	size, easy to open with one hand
1	size, well-heeled to open with one hand
0	durability, really small in size, key pad button sizes, port tabs
0	durability, really small in size, minuscule key pad button sizes, port tabs
0	Might be a little complicated for the beginner, can eat batteries.
0	Might be a little for the, can eat batteries.
0	Picture quality is bad
0	Picture quality bad is
1	Cool gadgets
1	aplomb gadgets
0	A little small. Have to find a position for your hands to grasp it.
0	little small. Have to find a position for your to grasp it.
1	It isn't lots of money and it's a way of getting pictures onto the computer.
1	It of money and it's a way of getting pictures onto the.
1	Small size, inexpensive, ease of use
1	Small size,, ease of use
1	Prints beautiful pictures. 
1	beautiful Prints pictures. 
1	Compact size and extremely easy to use.
1	Compact size extremely easy to use.
1	See description below
1	See description 
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	Voice recorder, navigation, riddle quality, speakerphone
0	none
0	none
0	EVERYTHING!
0	EVERYTHING!
0	envelopes jam; blue lid?
0	envelopes jam; lid?
0	none
0	none
1	Gorgeous, tiny, reliable
1	reliable, tiny, Gorgeous
0	I couldn't find anything I didn't like about this camera
0	I find couldn't anything I didn't like about this camera
1	Price vs. Quality is superior!
1	Price V. Quality is superior!
1	pretty colors
1	colors pretty
0	not good for sports(blurry)
0	not for sports(blurry)
0	Battery life could be better!
0	Battery better could be life!
1	Looks nice, crisp display and very clear sound quality, great battery life
1	Looks nice, crisp display and very clear sound quality, great battery terse life
0	Ink cartridges are too expensive and not always what you pay for
0	Ink cartridges are too for and not always what you pay expensive
0	None
0	none None
0	The phone just goes bad and it needs to be replaced by your provider.
0	The telephone just goes bad and it needs to be exchange by your provider.
0	read below
0	learn below
0	Nothing yet
0	yet
0	no cable included, not meant for photo quality printing
0	no included, not meant for photo quality printing
0	Horrible weak antenna. Get it wet and it dies
0	Horrible decrepit antenna. Get it wet and it dies
1	Storage capacity, features, service
1	capacity, features, service
1	not many pros here
1	not many pros professional here
0	Printing is Slow and and operation is a Bit Loud
0	Printing is tardily and and operation is a Bit tatty
0	battery comes off easily, turns off on its own
0	off comes off easily, turns battery on its own
1	Great Printing Quality, Resolution Is Okay, Included Software!
1	dandy Printing Quality, Resolution Is Okay, Included Software!
1	Great Looks, nice color screen and very light. Great batt life
1	Great Looks, color screen and very light. Great batt 
1	easy to manuver, easy to fold and unfold, comes with carrier 
1	easy to manuver, soft to fold and unfold, comes with flattop 
1	Great Quality, 2.0 Mega Pixel, Low Cost, Optical Zoom
1	Great character, 2.0 Mega pixel, Low Cost, Optical Zoom
0	Very little storage comes with camera
0	Very little reposition comes with camera
1	High Quality Printing-especially when used on photo paper; &lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;rarely&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt; jams;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to Use
1	gamy timbre Printing-especially when ill-used on photo paper; &lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;rarely&lt;/i&gt;&lt;/b&gt; jams;&amp;#13;&amp;#x;comfortable to Use
0	the first one lasted 3 weeks before the jack went out
0	the one first lasted 3 weeks before the jack went out
1	Small, light, long battery life.
1	Small, light, long life battery.
1	size, style, features, durability
1	size, sizing style, features, durability
0	Hard-to-read LCD display, tiny buttons, few manual controls, weak flash. All plastic construction.
0	Hard-to-read LCD display, tiny buttons, few manual, flash. All plastic construction.
0	None
0	none None
1	faster than G2, uses CompactFlash, long battery life
1	G2 than faster, uses CompactFlash, long battery life
0	poor reception, lock-ups, poor battery life
0	poor reception, lock-ups, pitiable poor battery life
1	The phone has worked super and is relatively easy to use!
1	The phone has worked super and is crack relatively easy to use!
1	Slim, small, light, practical, fit in any pocket without you noticing it.
1	Slim, light, small, practical, fit in any pocket without you noticing it.
0	Yeah, I'd like to see YOU keep MY toddler in the standing position!
0	Yeah, I'd like to see stand YOU keep MY toddler in the standing position!
0	Power runs out fast &amp; need to replace a new battery.
0	out fast &amp; need to replace a new battery.
1	Phone was of average quality.
1	Phone was of earpiece average quality.
1	Nothing like my wife.
1	Nothing like wife my.
1	Great pictures, easiest digital camera to use, holds MORE pictures than any other camera!!!
1	Great pictures, well-situated digital camera to use, holds More pictures than any other camera!!!
1	Very suave looking, flashy and KEWL!!
1	Very suave looking, flashy and!!
1	Quick printing with good quality and easy to use
1	Quick printing with good quality and easy use to
0	it only works sometimes, poor picture quality
0	it only bring sometimes, poor picture quality
1	small, lightweight, many features
1	small, characteristic lightweight, many features
1	2x optical zoom, internal lens cover, basic and easy to understand controls
1	2x optical zoom, cover lens internal, basic and easy to understand controls
0	Long pauses between pics, no panoramic mode.
0	Long between pics, no panoramic mode.
1	Light weight, good features great battery
1	Light weight, good features lineament great battery
1	You can talk to people sometimes
1	sometimes can talk to people You
0	poor battery life,no download ringtones, games, flimsy flip part
0	poor battery life,no download ringtones, plot, flimsy summersault part
1	Great Archives for my work.
1	Great for my work.
0	Complicated menu
0	menu Complicated
0	None
0	None
1	Great design, FM radio, "PhoneWrap" compatible, good signal strength, cheap price.
1	Great design, FM radio, "PhoneWrap" compatible, nifty good signal strength, cheap price.
1	Easy to use.
1	Easy to.
1	Truly easy to share, high quality rich color photos!
1	Truly easy to deal, high quality rich color photos!
0	Prints too slow, uses too much ink
0	Prints too slow, exercise too much ink
1	Great photos with lots of detail, zoom, some manual features
1	Great photos with lots of detail, zoom, features manual some
0	slow, heavier paper causes problems, tricky USB setup
0	USB, heavier paper causes problems, tricky slow setup
0	Can't print a lot of graphics; customer service isn't great.
0	Can't print a muckle of graphics; customer service isn't outstanding.
0	the copier feature dosen't work well with pictures, then agian it is grayscale...
0	the dosen't feature copier work well with pictures, then agian it is grayscale...
0	does not display the current time,  no games, no vibration ringer option
0	does not display the no time,  current games, no vibration ringer option
0	Under-powered flash
0	Under-powered twinkle flash
1	Reasonably priced. Easy to use, very good output quality.
1	Reasonably priced. to use, very good output quality.
0	A refurbished model w/ a broken battrey cover & Rogers AT&T GSM coverage.
0	angstrom A refurbished model w/ a broken battrey cover & Rogers AT&T GSM coverage.
0	Horrid Support
0	Horrid substantiate
1	cool pictures
1	pictures
0	Lense cap, no lense adapters
0	adapters cap, no lense Lense
0	Small baskets.
0	baskets Small.
0	Case, needs a reboot now and then,  volume button, general lack of buttons.
0	Case, inevitably a reboot now and then,  volume button, cosmopolitan lack of buttons.
1	Cheap, cute.
1	cute, Cheap.
0	Expensive Ink cartridges.
0	Expensive cartridge Ink cartridges.
1	4 Megapixel, Lightweight, versatile, rich colors, sharp lens, accessories, pro-sumer oriented, rechargeable Li-ion battery
1	4 Megapixel, Lightweight, pro-sumer, rich colors, sharp lens, accessories, versatile oriented, rechargeable Li-ion battery
1	Sturdy,Navigation,Compact,Design and Function
1	Sturdy,Navigation,Compact,innovation and Function
0	none
0	none
0	No manual mode, eats batteries and have to remove to charge, poor resolution LCD 
0	No manual mode, eats batteries and have to hit to guardianship, poor resolution LCD 
1	Fun, Practical, Easy Drive
1	Fun, pragmatic, Easy Drive
0	The ink cartridge replacements are very high priced
0	The ink cartridge replacements are very richly priced
0	No instruction manual, changing ink cartridge is tricky, text is not sharp 
0	No instruction manual, changing ink cartridge is sly, text is not abrupt 
0	Can be expensive if you don't buy a display model
0	fanny be expensive if you don't buy a display mold
0	Slow printer, Small &amp;amp; Expensive Print Cartridges
0	Slow printer, Small &amp;amp; expensive Print Cartridges
0	Impossible on/off button, ringer not loud enough
0	Impossible on/off not, ringer button loud enough
0	delicate,no case, no optical viewfinder
0	delicate,no case, finder no optical viewfinder
0	Slightly noisy feeding paper
0	Slightly noisy course paper
1	None come to mind
1	None to come mind
0	look
0	look
1	Lightweight
1	Lightweight
1	See 1- 5 above
1	See 1- 5 
1	Very quiet, great prints, nice software package included
1	Very quiet, great prints, nice software package admit
0	if using for several hours in a row, it tends to get a bit hot.
0	if utilize for several hr in a row, it tends to catch a bit hot.
0	terrible reception , unusable in many places where other phones work
0	terrible where , unusable in many places reception other phones work
0	paper jams constantly, wastes ink
0	paper jams constantly, wastes 
0	Few manual adjustments; dorky look and feel; bad ergonomics, especially for lefties
0	Few manual adjustments; dorky look and feel; bad ergonomics, especially for unsound lefties
1	Looks nice, sounds nice, is nice
1	nice Looks, sounds nice, is nice
0	Not many faceplates are out in stores and malls yet..No other Cons
0	Not many faceplates are out in shop and malls yet..No other gyp
1	Easy to operate, Excellent Quality, Reasonably priced, Memory is cheap
1	Easy to operate, Memory Quality, Reasonably priced, Excellent is cheap
0	Wears out quickly, and difficult to clean
0	and out quickly, Wears difficult to clean
1	BEAUTIFUL LENS! Photo quality images! Easy to use and good programs included! Videos come out great!
1	BEAUTIFUL LENS! Photo come images! use to Easy and good programs included! Videos quality out great!
0	Battery life
0	life Battery
1	Larger format, fast when it works
1	Larger it, fast when format works
1	easy to use, easy to maneuver, smooth ride 
1	easy to use, to maneuver, smooth ride 
0	Internal mains charger
0	intimate mains charger
0	Some of the features like the browser and voice dialing cease to work at times.
0	around of the features like the browser and vocalisation dialing end to work at times.
0	print quality, paper tray
0	print paper, quality tray
1	Clear photos, Upgradeable memory
1	retention Clear photos, Upgradeable memory
1	Ummm...I guess it didn't burn my books and try to make me help take over the world
1	Ummm...I guess it didn't burn my books and try to ledger make contract me help take over the world
0	Poor quality.  Quickly consumes batteries.  No picture viewer on camera.
0	Poor quality.  Quickly visualize consumes batteries.  No picture viewer on camera.
0	Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
0	sort Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
1	Cheep, good quality, good battery life
1	Cheep, good quality, expert battery life
0	viewfinder, no mic for video, limited shutter speed
0	viewfinder, no mic for upper video, limited shutter speed
0	Noisy, lots to learn once you're brave enough to take it off auto
0	Noisy, lots to learn once you're brave occupy enough to take it off auto
1	small, lightweight, good pictures
1	small, lightweight, pictures good
1	Easy to transport, easy to use. Nice color.
1	Easy to transport, easy to use. Nice tinge.
1	Very small, long-lasting battery, pretty good reception
1	Very humble, long-lasting battery, pretty good reception
1	fast clear printed photos and cards; individual ink cartridges; very economical to use.
1	fast clear to photos and cards; individual ink cartridges; very economical printed use.
0	have not found any yet
0	have not non found any yet
0	Expensive
0	Expensive
0	Poor Battery Life, Has low quality settings which is not good.
0	Poor Battery liveliness, Has crushed quality settings which is not good.
1	Color screen, camera option, recurring alarm
1	Color screenland, camera option, recurring alarm
1	Easy disk access
1	Easy disk saucer access
1	Like I said before .. It prints great
1	It I said before .. Like prints great
1	2-way radio
1	radio
1	Wonderful storage in cd!
1	Wonderful storage in cadmium!
1	Compact, speedy downloads, crisp and clear images
1	crisp, speedy downloads, Compact and clear images
1	Great Value. Very Reliable, Easy to Use and Excellent Picture Quality.
1	Excellent Value. Very Reliable, Easy to Use and Great Picture Quality.
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	Garbled, balmy Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	battery life
0	life battery
0	Very Very Very difficult and annoying to use.
0	Very to Very difficult and annoying Very use.
1	Great color rendition; clear, crisp photo quality
1	Great color rendition;, crisp photo quality
0	Heavy, bulky, sound quality, no color graphics to liven the phone up a little.
0	Heavy, bulky, sound quality, color graphics to liven the phone up little.
1	Excellent photos, compact size, easy to use, optical zoom, available accessories
1	Excellent photos, thickset size, easy to exercise, optical zoom, available accessories
1	Price, ease of use, quality of photos
1	Price, ease of use, of photos
1	Small, compact and easy to use!
1	Small, covenant and easy to use!
0	hard to hook up to your computer
0	hard to hook up to your arduous computer
0	No diopter correction on the optical viewfinder.
0	dioptre No diopter correction on the optical viewfinder.
1	Nice Pictures, Small, Easy to Use
1	Nice consumption Pictures, Small, Easy to Use
1	Picture quality, ease of use, feel of camera
1	Picture quality, alleviate of use, feel of camera
0	Bad design, slow response time, bad reception. Not worth the pain.
0	Bad design, slow response time, bad reception. annoyance Not worth the pain.
0	The dock is separate
0	The divide dock is separate
1	We ask you, and you said that we have to try 
1	We ask you, and you said that we have attempt to try 
0	Not for the inexperienced
0	non Not for the inexperienced
1	Cute camera, great color representation
1	Cute camera, great color theatrical representation
1	Beautiful color and vivid detail
1	Beautiful color and brilliant detail
1	Well, it works as a paper holder.
1	Well, it works as holder paper a.
1	all plus pictures, ease. controls
1	all plus pictures, ease. 
0	A little bit expensive, but worth the extra money
0	A little bit expensive, but extra the worth money
1	cheap, good if you don't care about quality
1	attention cheap, good if you don't care about quality
1	Price, ease of use, quality
1	Price, of use, quality
1	Small, light, many features, easy to use, long battery life
1	, light, features, easy to use, long battery life
1	Easy to use
1	Easy use to
1	Strong Construction, Durable, Has all the goodies
1	Strong Construction, indestructible, Has all the goodies
1	Operates adequately as a point and shoot.
1	Operates as a point and shoot.
0	Works like a cheap printer
0	Works a cheap printer
0	Noisy, slow, irritating
0	slow, Noisy, irritating
0	- packaged batteries, - packaged Flash Card (16mb)
0	- packaged batteries, - packaged twinkle Card (16mb)
0	N60 body, ISO 320, no spot meter, Menus and operation are not intuitive.
0	N60 body, ISO 320, visceral no spot meter, Menus and operation are not intuitive.
0	difficult to take steady shots without tripod, too much LCD glare
0	difficult to steady shots without tripod, much LCD glare
0	A little noisy when it grabs a sheet of paper
0	A little noisy when it grabs a sheet catch of paper
1	Pretty phone, a lot of features as far as making the phone look good.
1	Pretty phone, pretty a lot of features as far as making the phone look good.
1	looks great, voice dialing, voice notes
1	great looks, voice dialing, voice notes
1	Lightweight and perfectly simple to collapse for storage.
1	Lightweight and perfectly childlike to collapse for storage.
1	quality, features, price
1	price, features, quality
1	Does everything.  After a while you won't know how you got along without it.
1	Does everything.  IT After a while you won't know how you got along without it.
0	The photo editing software offers little in the way of editing.  
0	The photo delete software volunteer little in the way of editing.  
0	software reliability, price
0	reliability software, price
1	features, size
1	, size
0	Still a fairly high price.
0	a Still fairly high price.
0	bulky, defective volume, bluetooth sucks
0	bulky, defective volume, bluetooth breastfeed
0	drivers, control panel, crooked printing
0	drivers, control panel, stooped printing
0	touchy button, no flash
0	clitoris touchy button, no flash
1	Moderate speed, good print quality, hibernation feature
1	Moderate speed, good print quality, feature
0	Poor quality control, single mode (digital), high vulnerability to moisture, very low reliability.
0	Poor quality control, mode (digital), high vulnerability to moisture, very reliability.
1	Small, features, price, ok reception
1	Small, features, price, fine reception
0	limited record capacity, bulky, doesn't make HQ prints at low res.
0	limited record capacity, bulky, doesn't prints HQ make at low res.
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
1	Great limpidity reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
0	AC adaptor optional (and necessary!), small memory card, battery life average.
0	AC adaptor optional (and necessary!), average memory card, battery life small.
0	New look, old technology
0	New expect, old technology
0	Small paper tray, expensive ink cartridges, always a new &amp;amp; better model on the market
0	Small paper tray, expensive ink cartridges, always a new &amp;AMP; estimable exemplary on the market
1	Ease of operation and handling.
1	Ease of performance operation and handling.
1	Takes good pictures, and plenty of them before downloading.
1	Takes good pictures, and plenty them before downloading.
0	Short battery life!
0	short battery life!
0	Poor battery life, 8mb memory card inadequate, and flimsy coverings.
0	Poor battery retention life, 8mb memory card inadequate, and flimsy coverings.
1	Scanning, Printing, faxing, copying
1	Scanning, faxing, Printing, copying
1	Very durable, easily snaps in and out of car, high handle on stroller and large carry basket                        
1	Very durable, easily basketful snaps in and out of car, inward high handle on stroller and large carry basket                        
0	low quality in comparison to other printers that don't cost a whole lot more
0	low quality in comparison to cost printers that don't other a whole lot more
0	Slightly larger than some phones
0	Slightly larger some phones
1	Speed and Quality
1	rush and Quality
0	A little too much noise
0	A little too excessively much noise
0	sucks
0	suck sucks
1	One device, anywhere in the world
1	One device, anywhere in the humanity
0	steering
0	steer
0	annoying blank feeds, jams on cheap paper
0	jams blank feeds, annoying on cheap paper
1	Quality laser text and graphics... WHEN IT PRINTS
1	Quality laser text IT graphics... WHEN and PRINTS
0	I can't think of anything I don't like
0	I can't cogitate of anything I don't like
1	zoom lens, long battery life
1	zoom lens, long battery lifespan
0	Reliability, Battery life, Lack of features, Only average or below signal and audio quality
0	Reliability, Battery spirit, Lack of features, alone average or below signal and audio quality
1	Cheap (if you can't afford anything else)
1	Cheap (if you can't afford anything else)
1	Affordable, Excellent Quality Output, Does not jam
1	Affordable, Excellent ram Quality Output, Does not jam
1	all-in-one
1	all-in-one
1	Battery doesn't drain instantly
1	bombardment doesn't drain instantly
0	Poor clarity, expensive downloads, horrible ringtones, poor quality camera.
0	Poor pellucidity, expensive downloads, horrible ringtones, poor quality camera.
0	Motorola ripped me off, and I hope the company goes bankrupt.
0	Motorola ripped me off, I hope the company goes.
0	None Found
0	Found None
1	Picture quality, ease of use, zoom.
1	quality, ease of use, zoom.
0	no movie mode
0	no movie No mode
1	pushes very nicely, beautiful, 5-point safety harness, full boot
1	pushes very nicely, beautiful, 5-point safety, full boot
0	None
0	none
1	Fast printing Balck and Color alike; Lots of options; Great Camera Prints
1	Fast printing Balck Prints Color alike; Lots of options; Great Camera and
1	INCREDIBLY sharp pictures, 3.34 megapixels, less CCD noise than its predecessors, small size, fast transfers, solid construction.
1	INCREDIBLY sharp pictures, 3.solid megapixels, less CCD noise than its predecessors, small size, construction transfers, 34 fast.
0	Drivers don't work with Windows 2000
0	work don't Drivers with Windows 2000
1	Quality, Battery Lifetime
1	Quality, bombardment Lifetime
0	no calculator, no games
0	no calculator, no game
1	It shoots pictures
1	It shoots 
0	Too many to list with 15 words.
0	to many Too list with 15 words.
1	High Resolution, self-timer, video input, great size and style.
1	High Resolution, self-timer, video size, great input and style.
1	Compact Size, Stand Alone Ability
1	Size, Stand Alone Ability
0	Blurs anything that moves and sucks in low light
0	Blurs anything that moves and sucks low light
0	Bit noisy. Beware: you only get photo quality prints on photo quality paper.
0	Bit mind noisy. Beware: you only get photo quality prints on photo quality paper.
0	Viewfinder not accurate, clunky size, delay when snapping photo - action shots difficult to capture.
0	Viewfinder not accurate, unwieldy size, delay when snapping photo - activeness shots difficult to capture.
0	Cannot handle paper well.
0	Cannot handle fountainhead paper well.
1	Great Quality, color, detail
1	detail Quality, color, Great
1	Small size
1	Small diminished size
0	The way it charges sucks.  Batteries over-priced.  Few ring tones.  Very slow startup.
0	The way it charges sucks.  Batteries over-priced.  Few ring tones.  Very IT slow startup.
0	Uploading hassle. &amp;quot;Techy&amp;quot; manual and not so easy to use.
0	Uploading hassle. &amp;quot;Techy&amp;quot; manual and not so tetchy easy to use.
1	Lightweight, reclining
1	Lightweight, recline
0	Slow in Higher Res. Modes, Not much room for creativity.
0	Slow Higher. Modes, Not much room for creativity.
1	Small, solid, great quality photos.
1	Small, solid, quality photos.
0	None yet
0	None nevertheless
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	'Missed Call' phone, low vibration, and large/heavy function
0	No internal vibrator. Mediocre durability.
0	No internal vibrator. strength Mediocre durability.
0	Top-loading paper feed.
0	Top-loading theme paper feed.
1	Great Printer! 
1	Printer! 
1	Takes Beautiful Pictures
1	Beautiful Takes Pictures
1	Quality, price, easy to use 
1	Quality,, easy to use 
0	can't program a distinctive ring for different callers
0	plan can't program a distinctive ring for different callers
1	loaded with features, individual ink cartridges, high quality/speed
1	loaded with features, individual ink cartridges, high have quality/speed
1	sharp, fast black and white printing; detailed color printing; easy to use
1	sharp, fast mordant and white printing; detailed color printing; well-heeled to use
0	Viewfinder not that accurate, slow downloads
0	not Viewfinder that accurate, slow downloads
1	Excellent print quality and ease of use.
1	Excellent print quality and ease of exercise.
1	You can't kill it
1	You can't it kill
1	Compact and portable, takes vivid and brilliant color photographs
1	Compact and portable, shoot vivid and brilliant color photographs
0	A bit expensive; no customizable ringtones; some still find it too bulky.
0	A second expensive; no customizable ringtones; some placid find it too bulky.
0	None that I could think of
0	None that I could think 
1	Good print quality
1	Good quality print
1	Great, fun, feature rich, good price for the Mpxls.
1	deep Great, fun, feature rich, good price for the Mpxls.
1	Saturated, sharp images at all resolutions, twist-style body
1	Saturated, sharp double at all resolutions, twist-style body
0	One sitting position
0	side One sitting position
1	Nice picture quality. Decent price ($260)
1	Nice picture quality. lineament Decent price ($260)
1	Sturdy, Easy to open and close, Convenient
1	Sturdy, Easy to open slow and close, Convenient
1	Good Price
1	Price Good
0	Not easy to hold while talking. Poor Battery life.
0	Not leisurely to hold while talking. Poor Battery life.
1	Great price, good features for the money.
1	Great for, good features price the money.
1	Free
1	exempt Free
0	Lens cover not attached by a cord, so could be easily lost.
0	Lens cover lost attached by a cord, so could be easily not.
1	Looks great! Lots of features!
1	Looks of! Lots great features!
1	Cute, slim, cool light-up feature, camera, flip-phone, bluetooth capable
1	Cute, capable, cool light-up feature, camera, flip-phone, bluetooth slim
1	compact size, durable
1	compact, durable
1	easy to use, takes decent pictures
1	easy to, takes decent pictures
1	Style, speaker phone, voice recorder, two-way direct-connect
1	, speaker phone, voice recorder, two-way direct-connect
0	Viewfinder scratches easily, comes with only a 16mb Flash card
0	Viewfinder scratches only, comes with easily a 16mb Flash card
1	tiny!, usable in Europe & parts of East Asia, light, clarity
1	tiny!, usable in Europe & parts of East clarity, light, Asia
0	Sound quality is below average, drops calls frequently, not many aftermarket addons
0	scream Sound quality is below average, drops calls frequently, not many aftermarket addons
1	Good Output,individual color cartridges.
1	Good Output,somebody color cartridges.
0	I had problems with the drivers, but updates fixed it up quick.
0	I had problems with the drivers, but updates specify it up immediate.
0	can't get photos downloaded/developed
0	get photos downloaded/developed
0	a bit heavy
0	a fleck heavy
0	paper tends to not want to feed into the machine,  ink is expensive, not the fastest machine in the world
0	paper tends to motorcar not want to feed into the machine,  ink tend is expensive, not the fastest machine in the world
0	Edges of copies may bend on output tray
0	Edges march of copies may bend on output tray
0	open face allows it to get smashed
0	open face allows to get smashed
1	Small and lightweight
1	Small lightweight and
0	Picture's for email and internet were VERY POOR.
0	Picture's for email and cyberspace were VERY POOR.
0	Expensive ink, no legal sized documents, pay for customer support
0	Expensive ink, no legal sized documents, wage for customer living
0	design
0	pattern
1	Small size, good pictures
1	pictures size, good Small
0	None
0	none None
1	Excellent print , scan and copy quality
1	Excellent print , scan and quality
1	Good looking and is very cheap for what it is
1	near count and is very cheap for what it is
1	Well priced, easy to setup and use,reliable, fast, good quality
1	Well easy, priced to setup and use,reliable, fast, good quality
1	User friendly, even my 6 year old can use it.
1	User friendly, even my 6 year use it.
0	Dust under screen. Buzzing from unidentifiable source.
0	Dust screen. Buzzing from unidentifiable source.
0	The new "Compaq" and "Samsung" compliant  cartridges don't work in it.
0	Samsung new "Compaq" and "The" compliant  cartridges don't work in it.
1	Compact Size, no external antenna, blt-in vibration
1	Compact Size, no external blt-in, antenna vibration
1	High quality materials, durable, easy to push, roomy, baby is completely enclosed in rear seat
1	High quality materials,, easy push, roomy, baby completely enclosed in rear seat
0	Seems to be a crapshoot whether they work.
0	Seems to be a crapshoot whether they mould.
0	No LCD display, no flash
0	No LCD, no flash
0	Everything else
0	else Everything
1	Fast, very good quality, cheap, great software, easy to set up.
1	Fast, very good quality, tight cheap, great software, easy to set up.
0	slow print speed, uses alot of ink
0	slow print of, uses alot speed ink
1	form factor, SmartMedia, photo quality, QuickTime movies
1	form factor, SmartMedia, movies quality, QuickTime photo
1	Lots of features.  A good value for money in 4-Mega-pixel group.
1	Lots of features.  A good value money for in 4-Mega-pixel group.
1	The pro for this phone is that it is very compact.
1	The pro for this phone that it very compact.
1	Good price and aesthetically pleasing
1	Good and aesthetically pleasing
1	looks great, sounds great
1	looks great, great sounds
1	Inexpensive, great LCD resolution, and versatile file saving.
1	Inexpensive, great LCD declaration resolution, and versatile file saving.
0	not comfortable for long conversations
0	conversations comfortable for long not
0	Bad Battery Life
0	Bad bombardment Life
0	a bit squeaky, not great for grass/bumpy/rocky travel
0	a bit squeaky, not great for grass/bumpy/rocky rough travel
1	Color screen, long charge on battery, under-the-cover antenna.
1	Color emblazon screen, long charge on battery, under-the-cover antenna.
0	No optical zoom, slow shutter speed, short battery life, USB would be nice
0	No optical zoom, slowly shutter speed, short battery lifespan, USB would be nice
1	Cost, ink monitor, good print quality, best for text
1	Cost, ink monitor, skilful print quality, best for text
1	Good for a first time digital camera user.
1	Good for a world-class time digital camera user.
1	Quiet, small footprint
1	quietly, small footprint
1	10x optical zoom. Color and Quality!. FUN!
1	10x optical zoom. gloss and Quality!. FUN!
1	Light, easy to use, many features
1	Light, easy use, many features
0	goes though batteries
0	goes though 
1	Easy fold and great safety featured
1	Easy fold and great smashing safety featured
1	Optical zoom, long battery life, ease of use
1	Optical zoom, long battery life, use of ease
1	Great zoom, Great inside and outdoors.
1	Great zoom, Great whizz inside and outdoors.
1	Ease of use, ease of migrating files to PC or Mac
1	Ease of use, ease of PC files to migrating or Mac
0	Doesn't charge well and drains battery fast!
0	Doesn't charge well and drains battery!
1	Great when it works
1	Great when it ferment
1	great to look at, incredibly easy to use, nice compact size
1	great to compact at, incredibly easy to use, nice look size
0	mediocre sound, reception, quality.
0	mediocre sound,, quality.
0	Rather large, expensive polaroid film
0	Rather magnanimous, expensive polaroid film
0	Expensive Cartridges
0	Expensive cartridge
0	4MB of internal memory, no power adapter, poor LCD.
0	4MB arranger of internal memory, no power adapter, poor LCD.
1	easy of use, sturdy, convenient
1	use of easy, sturdy, convenient
1	The latest Symbian OS 9.1 SP1 -- it's all you can dream of right now.
1	The latest Symbian OS 9. SP1 -- all you can dream of now.
1	Nice color screen with simple easy to use menu.
1	Nice color screen with simple easy to use colour menu.
0	Instructions almost non existent
0	non almost Instructions existent
0	Recessed buttons are tricky to use
0	Recessed buttons are tricky represent to use
1	stores on floppy disk; a universally available device, wonderful zoom, you can shoot movies too!!
1	stores on floppy disk; a universally available movies, zoom wonderful, you can shoot device too!!
1	stable, smooth, many nice features
1	stable,, many nice features
0	Camera is expensive and pictures less sharp than 35 millimeter film
0	Camera is expensive and pictures less mm sharp than 35 millimeter film
1	Easy Set Up for Light Printing Users
1	Easy Set Up for Users Printing Light
1	Features, size, accessories
1	Features, accessories, size
1	Clarity, battery life
1	, battery life
1	Cheap and has the walkie talkie feature
1	chintzy and has the walkie talkie feature
1	Lightweight, High Resolution &amp;amp; Short Movies
1	Lightweight, High Resolution &amp;amp; unretentive Movies
0	A bit pricey
0	A bit amp pricey
0	drains batteries quickly
0	quickly batteries drains
1	Simple, easy to use
1	Simple, well-off to use
0	Poor battery life, huge size, does not ring loud enough
0	Poor shelling life, huge size, does not telephone loud enough
1	Good battery life
1	life battery Good
0	outside scratches, cost (high)
0	outside scratches, sugar cost (high)
0	none
0	none
0	front wheels occasionally lock up
0	front wheel occasionally lock up
1	All the features the average user needs, nice color screen, changable faceplates
1	All the features the average user needs, nice color screen, exploiter changable faceplates
0	Bulky, a bit of a shutter lag, lacks a viewfinder, viewscreen is fragile
0	Bulky, a bit of a viewscreen lag, lacks a viewfinder, shutter is fragile
0	Might be a little slow,getting ready to print. I only added this because it's required to put in something
0	Might be a little,getting ready print. I only added this because it's required to in 
0	Lack of White Balance options. Proprietary memory. Not pocket-able.
0	Lack of White Balance options. Proprietary pocket-able. Not memory.
1	It twists!!!!!
1	twists It!!!!!
1	Lightweight, large phonebook, calendar, internal antenna
1	Lightweight, vauntingly phonebook, calendar, internal antenna
1	Excellent, affordable, user friendly
1	fantabulous, affordable, user friendly
1	it is simple to use 
1	it elementary is simple to use 
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	illogical, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	Very, Very slow
0	, Very slow
1	Value, preset modes, probable battery life, 10x optical zoom, printed results
1	Value, preset modes, zoom battery life, 10x optical probable, printed results
1	Good price, fair print quality, compact
1	Good price, print quality, compact
0	When transferring pictures from the Polaroid program to another program, pictures turn out with white blotches.  I learned to just download directly from the camera into each program, the results are better!
0	When transferring pictures from the to another program, turn out with white blotches.  I learned to just directly from the camera into program, the results are!
0	It is very expensive!
0	constitute It is very expensive!
1	Toddler security yet freedom!
1	Toddler security yet yearling freedom!
0	size, not a lot of "latest" features
0	size, not A a lot of "latest" features
0	Too many performance issues (see detailed review).
0	Too elaborate many performance issues (see detailed review).
1	Great pictures, Zoom features, protective covering on the lens.  Easy point and shoot picture taking.
1	Great pictures, Zoom features, protective soft covering on the lens.  Easy point snap and shoot picture taking.
1	Cheap, Easy to use 
1	Cheap, Easy use 
1	fast printing, good print quality, good price, 
1	fast printing, good quality, good price, 
1	Features, ISP access, All in One Convenience.
1	entirely Features, ISP access, All in One Convenience.
1	Size, design, Pop-Port, easy interface, FM radio
1	FM, design, Pop-Port, easy interface, Size radio
0	none
0	none
0	non
0	non
0	short battery life
0	life battery short
1	Display,Menu,3rd party Accessories
1	,Menu,3rd party Accessories
0	size
0	sizing size
0	will not take supre fine pictures
0	will not take supre fine 
0	no USB cable included, your computer needs to be up-to-speed
0	USB cable included, your needs to be up-to-speed
1	Great signal strength
1	Great strength
1	Size, quality, and great pictures
1	and, quality, Size great pictures
0	Volume horribly low, voicemail inefficient
0	Volume horribly inefficient, voicemail low
1	Great Price &amp; takes ordinary batteries
1	Great Price &takes; amp ordinary batteries
0	NONE AT ALL!!!
0	NONE ALL AT!!!
0	makes my computer crash
0	makes my computer prepare crash
0	Layout, battery.
0	battery, Layout.
1	Best Price offered , Long Life battrey  Charge
1	recollective Best Price offered , Long Life battrey  Charge
0	Buttons are tiny. Easy to make unintended calls.
0	Buttons are calls. Easy to make unintended tiny.
1	cheap
1	cheap
0	No optical viewfinder.
0	optical viewfinder.
1	Storage Capacity, 3.34 Mpixels, easy to use, nice lens, FUN
1	Storage Capacity, 3.34 Mpixels, leisurely to usage, nice lens, FUN
0	None so far.
0	none so far.
0	6162 flip front is awkward
0	6162 flip ungainly front is awkward
0	ear piece
0	opus ear piece
1	Good camera, great 320x240 display, MP3 player sound quality, popular phone platform=lots of games/apps,
1	Good camera, bully great 320x240 gobs display, MP3 player sound quality, popular phone platform=lots of games/apps,
0	Macro capabilites have their problems.  Funky shape is not copacetic with shooting or wearing.
0	Macro capabilites have their problems.  stinking shape is not copacetic with take or wearing.
1	Great pictures, great software and easy to carry around!
1	Great, great software and easy to carry around!
0	belt clip is  bulky,leather case is junk with the plastic window over key pad
0	belt clip is  bulky,leather case is junk with the pliant window over cay dramatise
1	Great engineering, output and good price
1	Great engineering, output and terms good price
0	Had to compromise on printing speed and it's a sheet fed, not flat bed scanner and copier
0	Had a flat on printing speed and it's to sheet fed, not compromise bed scanner and copier
0	Price
0	damage Price
1	Easy to use and inexpensive
1	Easy to inexpensive and use
1	Excellent AF &amp; overall features REd eye reduction, compact, picture quality ease of use
1	Excellent AF &amp; overall features REd eye reduction,, picture quality of use
0	Delays in shutter release, delays between shots, hard to turn off flash
0	Delays in shutter release, delays between shots, laborious to work off flash
1	Easy, disks are cheap or free, fun!
1	, disks are cheap or free, fun!
0	Bad battery life
0	Bad bombardment battery life
0	Battery Life
0	Battery 
0	Continuous problems, Not the quality product I had hoped for!!!
0	Continuous job, Not the quality intersection I had hoped for!!!
1	decent print quality
1	comely print quality
0	bad quality, poorly made
0	bad create quality, poorly made
0	low number of pages printed per minute
0	low number of pages printed varlet per minute
0	a little difficult to see letters on keys, that's it! big problem ehh?
0	a little difficult that's see letters on keys, to it! big problem ehh?
0	slow compared to some other printers
0	slow compared to some other printer printers
1	Ring Tones, Compact, Acceptable Clarity, menu's are user friendly
1	Ring Tones, Compact, Clarity, menu's are user friendly
0	small screen size; slow remote syncs
0	small screen size; slow remote 
1	affordable, good quality, and easy to use!  Fun for the whole family!
1	affordable, good quality, habit and easy to use!  Fun for the whole family!
1	I think this is a best buy at about $200.
1	I think this is a buy about $200.
1	Easy to use, reception and battery life are great, and the speakerphone is decent.
1	speakerphone to use, reception and battery life are great, and the Easy is decent.
0	The directions were incomplete.  Camera shuts off too soon to save the batteries.
0	The directions were incomplete.  Camera shuts off too soon to salve the shelling.
1	More Palm than Phone, Color screen, ergonomically designed. Very Cool
1	More Palm than Phone, Color screenland, ergonomically designed. selfsame Cool
1	This phone can fit anywhere, it has world coverage, and is simple to use.
1	This phone can fit world, it has anywhere coverage, and is simple to use.
0	It gave poor results in the dark
0	It gave poor results in the gloomy
1	Great bang for the buck -- manual options and low cost
1	smashing bang for the buck -- manual options and moo cost
0	Interface, Noisy while in high interference areas, Only 9 melody rings to choose from
0	Interface, Noisy while in high interference areas, Only eminent 9 melody rings to choose from
1	Great images, easy to use, easy to download pictures
1	Great images, easy to use, easy to download pictures
0	none
0	none
1	Tri-mode, SMS, 200 contact list
1	Tri-mode, liaison SMS, 200 contact list
1	floppy drive on the camera itself
1	drive floppy on the camera itself
0	Lousy display that sometimes fails
0	Lousy crappy display that sometimes fails
1	you could contact your love one
1	you could contact your screw one
0	PRICE!!!
0	terms!!!
1	Speed, quiet, borderless prints, separate ink tanks, excellent output, price
1	Speed, quiet, borderless prints, ink, excellent output, price
0	You may have to wait for the arrival
0	You may have to whitethorn wait for the arrival
0	Flash, Pictures, Software, Drivers
0	brassy, Pictures, Software, Drivers
0	text output is not as sharp as some other printers
0	text as is not output sharp as some other printers
1	Software included, print quality, scanner 
1	software included, print quality, scanner 
0	if you use paper less that 24lb, the printer will misfeed the paper
0	if you use paper less misfeed 24lb, the printer will that the paper
0	Plastic battery hatch breaks; Features difficult to navigate; only 2 aperture settings; 
0	Plastic battery hatch breaks; difficult to navigate; only aperture settings; 
1	small size, cool look, headset
1	small size, chill cool look, headset
0	Expensive, Only 8MB, Steady hand required, Battery hog, Can't find substitutes for expensive accessories
0	accouterment Expensive, Only 8MB, Steady hand required, Battery hog, Can't find substitutes for expensive accessories
0	Bad reception in some places.
0	Bad reception in some pose.
0	The manual operations aren't great.
0	The manual operations aren't operation great.
0	get good at red eye touchup but this is the ONLY con
0	get good at red eye touchup but this is the ONLY ruddy con
1	small size, many features
1	sizing small size, many features
1	easy to fold, rubber wheels, side-by-side seats, full recline
1	easy to fold, rubber good wheels, side-by-side seats, full recline
0	Glare on LCD when outside., 
0	Glare on LCD when outdoor., 
1	easy to use,text messaging,camera phone
1	easy to use, messaging,camera phone
0	Too slow to focus, no sound on MPEG, too small, clumsy controls, poor battery life.
0	Too slow on focus, no sound to MPEG, too clumsy, small controls, poor battery life.
1	Reasonable price / great quality / nice features!
1	great price / Reasonable quality / nice features!
0	Buttons on the side hit accidentally make loud noise if sound is on.
0	push on the English hit accidentally make loud noise if sound is on.
0	High price not entirely justified, absence of ninjas.
0	eminent price not entirely justified, absence of ninjas.
0	I still can't get a date with it.
0	I tranquillize can't get a date with it.
1	Low cost, easy to use, good software
1	Low cost, to use, good software
1	This phone will only cost you a penny!
1	This phone will a cost you only penny!
1	Has adequate features for the price
1	adequate features for the price
1	Features, price, picture quality
1	Features, terms price, picture quality
0	hard to see screen in bright sunlight, some what slow on large file shots
0	hard to see screen in bright sunlight, some brightly what slow on large file shots
0	Ink runs out too quickly, won't print from handheld devices
0	Ink ravel out too quickly, won't mark from handheld devices
1	Great name brand camera for a good price
1	Great name brand camera for a good 
1	Excellent Quality Pictures
1	Excellent Quality envision
0	Only available through one carrier, pricey, limited accessories
0	Only available one carrier, pricey, limited accessories
0	Weight, Sony Warranty
0	weightiness, Sony Warranty
1	Saves time going to the Kodak picture copy machine at the drug store.
1	Saves time become to the Kodak envision copy machine at the drug store.
0	Bad reception/internal antenna, navigation hard to use, uncomfortable for ear, hard to open.
0	reception/internal, navigation hard to use, uncomfortable for ear, hard to open.
1	relatively cheap, automatically shuts off it you forget to turn it off.  Good picture size
1	relatively size, automatically shuts off it cheap forget to turn it off.  Good picture you
0	The ink cartridge is expensive.
0	The ink pickup cartridge is expensive.
1	versatile, great print quality and scans nicely
1	and, great print quality versatile scans nicely
1	Compact Flash and Smart Media reader built-in, 4x6" paper tray
1	heavyset gaudy and Smart Media reader built-in, 4x6" paper tray
1	Very Fast, Photo quality-WOW!
1	real Fast, Photo quality-WOW!
0	Instruction manual not on target for start up
0	Instruction manual not on for start up
1	good voice quality, easy to use, nice features
1	good voice quality, easy calibre to use, nice features
1	The car seat can't be beat
1	car seat can't be beat
0	doesn't ship with case
0	doesn't with ship case
0	none at all
0	none at all
0	prints kind of slow, weird paper problem
0	prints kind of slow, weird paper job problem
1	Convenience, file size, battery life.
1	Convenience, life size, battery file.
1	Full of features, price is right, feels good in hand
1	Full of features, price right, feels in hand
0	Bulky, shot lag time, limited image storage, viewfinder washes out in sun
0	Bulky, shot lag time, limited storage, viewfinder washes out sun
0	Single cartridge system, and finding the ink can be prove to be a problem.
0	Single cartridge system, and finding the ink can be prove magazine to be a problem.
1	lots of cute rings, adequate phone book/navigation/backlit
1	adequate of cute rings, lots phone book/navigation/backlit
1	compact size, hidden antennae, games, calendar and calculator,
1	compact size, veil antennae, games, calendar and calculator,
0	Price, Also having to initialize each CD and Then Finalize before removing.
0	Price, Also having earlier to initialize each CD and Then Finalize before removing.
0	Bad selection of ring tones and melodies. Drops calls because of signal fade constantly!
0	Bad selection of ring tones and melodies. Drops calls because of tune signal fade constantly!
1	2+ megapixel, Great images, add on lenses, great price
1	2+ megapixel, Great price, add on lenses, great images
1	Price/performance ratio, strong rechargeable battery, optional lenses/filters
1	Price/performance ratio, warm rechargeable battery, optional lenses/filters
0	Short battery life
0	Short battery lifetime life
1	Reception, Lite charger,
1	charger, Lite Reception,
0	A little noisy
0	A fiddling noisy
0	Slow shutter, body/screen easy to scratch, zoom is weak, charger&amp;battery no included
0	Slow shutter, body/screen easy to scratch, zoom is weak, charger&trunk amp;battery shield no included
1	Compact size and convenience, HP quality.
1	Compact size and contraption, HP quality.
0	Red eye is just like other cameras.  No different than disposable.
0	just eye is Red like other cameras.  No different than disposable.
1	Clean Design, Excellent Display(s), Functional Keyboard, Everyone thinks it neat.
1	plum Design, Excellent Display(s), Functional Keyboard, Everyone guess it neat.
1	Bluetooth compatible, able to get ringtones easily, and small but tough.
1	Bluetooth compatible, able to get tough easily, and small but ringtones.
1	small size, easy to upload photos
1	easy size, small to upload photos
0	Ink Cartridge Price.
0	Ink Cartridge terms Price.
1	cheap, affordable, decent images
1	tawdry, affordable, decent images
1	Great pictures, quick download to my PC (USB connector included) 
1	Great pictures, quick download to my PC ( included) 
0	Won't print most of the time
0	print most of the time
1	small, durable, many options
1	small, selection durable, many options
0	photo printing issues--colors not always good
0	photo printing issues--colors not incessantly good
0	I honestly don't feel like there are any!
0	I honestly don't feel like there any!
0	Power button location.
0	button Power location.
1	Fair price, good software, good photo quality.
1	Fair price, good software, good photo.
0	No camera, not flip, small buttons (which could also be a pro)
0	no camera, not insolent, small buttons (which could also be a pro)
0	Picture quality,annoying menu confirmations,so-so reception
0	menu quality,annoying Picture confirmations,so-so reception
1	USB, amazing quality for its low cost
1	USB, amazing select for its low cost
1	Small & compact, packed with features, ability to change covers
1	Small & compact, packed with features, jammed ability to change covers
1	Portable, 2 MegaPixel, Flashy Looks, Makes Quicktime VR's 
1	Quicktime, 2 MegaPixel, Flashy Looks, Makes Portable VR's 
1	Fast, cheaper ink than HP
1	Fast, cheaper ink than horsepower HP
0	None
0	none
0	Non-alphabetized phonebook, BUT this phone has voice activated dialing! Manual could be better.
0	Non-alphabetized phonebook, BUT this phone has vocalization activated dialing! Manual could be intimately.
1	great color, inexpensive
1	color great, inexpensive
0	Talk time not as long as advertised
0	as time not Talk long as advertised
0	Awful battery life, nextel reception, no notes
0	Awful battery life, notes reception, no nextel
0	NONE
0	NONE
0	Everything is controlled through the computer, no frills, PC ONLY
0	computer is controlled through the Everything, no frills, PC ONLY
0	There were no weight/height specifications that I saw in the directions or on the box.
0	There were no weight/height specifications that unity fancy in the counseling or on the box.
0	The price and software. 
0	The Price and software. 
0	Have to buy the Mac interface separate
0	Have to buy the Mac interface furcate
1	Looks, easy to use, durability
1	Looks, easy face to use, durability
0	The price!
0	The!
0	Cheap feel, slow powerup, slow number lookup, inconsistent menu, poor menu buttons
0	Cheap feel, slow powerup, slow discrepant number lookup, inconsistent menu, poor menu buttons
1	RCA Jack
1	labourer RCA Jack
0	Can never have enough megapixels
0	have never Can enough megapixels
0	Bulky to transport
0	Bulky to bulky transport
0	wrong software
0	software wrong
0	Battery does not last as long as it should.
0	Battery should not last as long as it does.
1	Fully customisable, music ringtones, games, lightweight, stylish, etc.
1	Fully stylish, music ringtones, games, lightweight, customisable, etc.
1	Great reception, tough, many features, very cheap
1	keen reception, tough, many features, very cheap
1	Excellent picture quality, Lots of advanced features.
1	Lots picture quality, Excellent of advanced features.
0	Price, Resolution
0	, Resolution
0	No roaming
0	no No roaming
0	Battery life has diminished somewhat over time.
0	Battery life over diminished somewhat has time.
0	dedicated case can not contain camera + filter (which requires an adapter).
0	dedicated case can not contain which + filter (camera requires an adapter).
1	Ease of use; excellent color; individually replaceable ink cartridges; archival ink
1	Ease of utilisation; excellent colorize; individually replaceable ink cartridges; archival ink
0	none noted.
0	noted.
0	Takes a second or two for the picture to actually take.
0	Takes a second or two for the picture really to actually take.
1	weight, convenience using disks, instant playback
1	weight, convenience disks, instant playback
1	Price (down to $99 now!) and convenience
1	Price (down to $99 and!) now convenience
1	Lightweight, easy to use, plenty of flexability in software (organize menu...etc)
1	Lightweight, use to easy, plenty of flexability in software (organize menu...etc)
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
1	player music ringers, mp3 real capability, big screen
0	price?
0	price?
0	Hood broke and lock cracked
0	Hood and lock cracked
1	Clears desk of both printer and scanner, Copier great for home use, 
1	Clears desk of both and, Copier great for home use, 
0	Warm up time is 7 mins when turned on.
0	Warm up is 7 mins when turned on.
1	Great audio and video display!
1	Great and video display!
1	Very Fast...
1	Fast...
0	No optical zoom / consumes batteries fast
0	No optical zoom / consumes batteries loyal
0	Must buy a USB Cable
0	must buy a USB Cable
1	light, ease of use, great photo quality
1	light, ease of use, great expectant photo quality
0	Expensive item relative to its everyday best uses, has silly video and sound add-ons
0	Expensive item proportional to its everyday best enjoyment, has silly video and sound add-ons
1	Good pictures
1	good pictures
0	Poor cartridge performance, problems with paper feeder
0	Poor trouble cartridge performance, problems with paper feeder
1	sleeky,good
1	full sleeky,good
1	Stylish, able to customize to your taste, reception, Nokia quality.
1	Stylish, able to customize to your tasting, reception, Nokia choice.
1	Easy to use, good pictures, good even for hobbyists, 
1	Easy to use, good pictures, adept even for hobbyists, 
0	on/off button a little hard to press, but it works.
0	on/off button a run little hard to press, but it works.
1	Lightweight, long talk time and standby time
1	jackanapes, long talk time and standby time
1	Good reception, bluetooth.
1	Good bluetooth, reception.
1	Small and surprisingly durable
1	Small and durable
0	sound clarity, keyboard size
0	sound clarity, size
0	Bugs in the software, random power offs, clock never works
0	Bugs in the software, random power offs, clock IN never works
0	Slow printing speed, only optimal on photo prints, not borderless 8.5 x 11 inch prints.
0	Slow printing speed, only optimal on photo prints, not borderless print 8.5 x 11 inch fivesome prints.
0	No color screen.
0	No screen.
0	No color printing available.
0	color printing available.
1	nice looking ,light
1	calculate nice looking ,light
1	3.5 floppy storage, long battery, high quality 
1	3.5 floppy quality, long battery, high storage 
0	Weak red-eye protection, no power adapter.
0	Weak red-eye protection, no adapter power.
1	Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
1	Has all Palm functions; officiate interesting conversation piece
0	not enough interchangeable face plates
0	not interchangeable face plates
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
0	slow, poor pitiful quality, poor paper feed
0	none
0	none
0	EVERYTHING!!!!
0	EVERYTHING!!!!
0	speed, memory
0	speed, storage memory
1	Easy to set up, fast printing, easy ink tanks...everything!
1	Easy to hardened up, dissipated printing, easy ink tanks...everything!
1	earpiece forms to your ear, slim design, clarity, serveral options
1	earpiece physique to your ear, slim design, clarity, serveral pick
0	Extremely difficult to get running under Win2000
0	Extremely difficult to get exceedingly running under Win2000
0	sub-par Video, horrible ring tones, a whole bunch of petulant features
0	sub-par Video, horrible ring tones, a whole bunch solid of petulant features
1	Small, Small, Small
1	Small,, Small
1	compact & functional
1	functional & compact
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing vibrate for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak new
0	Small buttons take some getting used to, no case included
0	Small buttons take some getting used to, no clit case included
0	Likes ink
0	care ink
0	Complicated, awkward, short battery life
0	Complicated,, short battery life
1	Uses 1.44MB floppies.  Easy to use.  No more wasted film.
1	utilization unity.44MB floppies.  Easy to use.  No more wasted film.
1	Big screen. PDA and Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
1	Big screen. PDA Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
1	quality product - affordable price
1	product - affordable price
0	can't think of any
0	think of any
0	Memory card is not large enough and no rechargeable batteries. 
0	Memory card is not large batteries and no rechargeable enough. 
0	A little bulky
0	A small little bulky
0	Auto Lens Cover, Limited Warranty, High Labor Rate in months 4-12 of factory Warranty
0	Auto Lens Cover, months Warranty, High Labor Rate in Limited 4-12 of factory Warranty
0	Mediocre service; battery life; Small memory; limited fancy features; doesn't sync with other electronic devices
0	Mediocre service; servicing battery life; Small memory; serving limited fancy features; doesn't sync with other electronic devices
0	none I can think of
0	none I can think 
0	heavy! difficult to open and close
0	heavy! difficult undetermined to open and close
1	Long battery life, fun features like changeable faceplates and multiple ring choices,  easy to use.
1	Long battery life, fun features like faceplates multiple ring choices,  to use.
1	Sturdy, good-looking, easy to use, helpful features
1	Sturdy, good-looking, easy to use, helpful 
0	small memory card and eats through batteries, so you'll want to upgrade to rechargeable batteries and a 32 MB Flash Card.
0	small you'll card and eats to batteries, so memory want to upgrade Flash rechargeable batteries and a 32 MB through Card.
1	This phone is so technologically advanced, that everything on it is a Pro!
1	This phone a so technologically advanced, that everything on it is is Pro!
1	You can run with a baby!
1	You can run a with baby!
1	take up less space than a regular double stroller
1	take up less space double a regular than stroller
1	individual ink tanks, quality and speed
1	individual ink tanks, and speed
1	Great resolution, fantastic buy if discounted, $75 Nikon rebate through 04/01.
1	majuscule resolve, fantastic buy if discounted, $75 Nikon rebate through 04/01.
0	A little on the expensive side.
0	A on the expensive side.
1	Almost everything! Excellent reception, cool color screen, no problems so far.
1	Almost everything! Excellent reception, color cool screen, no problems so far.
1	Screen, price, size, phone color, quality
1	Screen, price,, phone color, quality
0	connection problems, tedious menus, on/off button hard to use
0	link problems, verbose menus, on/off button hard to use
0	Expensive
0	expensive Expensive
0	film does not advance
0	does film not advance
0	ink guzzler
0	ink gulper
0	a little expensive
0	a small expensive
0	INK IS TOO DAMN EXPENSIVE!!!
0	INK IS likewise TOO DAMN EXPENSIVE!!!
0	No missed calls list in menu; when in pocket ring tone settings are changed.
0	missed calls list menu; when in pocket ring tone settings are changed.
1	Size, Nokia UserInterface, features
1	Size, Nokia UserInterface, features
0	Slower processor and color screen handles less colors than the newer camera phones
0	Slower processor and color sieve handles less emblazon than the newer camera phones
1	This is a great cell phone. Contains lots of good and new features.
1	This is great cell. Contains lots of good and new features.
0	Battery life
0	Battery 
1	EXCELLENT RECEPTION!  LOTS OF FEATURES!  EASY TO USE!  A++++
1	EXCELLENT RECEPTION!  LOTS OF USE!  EASY TO FEATURES!  A++++
1	laser quality prints, low supply cost per page
1	laser quality cater prints, low supply cost per page
0	Print speed could be better
0	Print salutary speed could be better
1	Compact and Lightweight
1	and Compact Lightweight
1	Easy to use with one had or two
1	Easy to use with unmatched had or two
0	You have to top it up every 3 months or lose the number,
0	You to top it up 3 months or lose the number,
0	It is a little slow on printing!
0	IT is a little slow on printing!
0	Loud, Poor Photo Quality, Rapid Ink Usage
0	Loud, Poor Photo Quality, Rapid Usage
1	Price (Free), Sound quality, Features
1	Price (Free), Sound calibre quality, Features
0	Bulky Size
0	bulky Bulky Size
0	Poor performance in low light.
0	pitiable performance in low light.
1	Wonderful picture quality.
1	rattling picture quality.
0	Bluetooth not so convenient sometimes, MP3 Player memory is a joke.
0	not so convenient sometimes, Player memory is a joke.
0	Cheap
0	trashy
1	great images, price
1	great price, images
1	3G, Color screen, Get It Now
1	Color, 3G screen, Get It Now
0	slow color print time, especially high definition
0	definition color print time, especially high slow
1	Very Affordable , Reliable and Space Saver 
1	Very Affordable , and Space Saver 
1	flip phone clear screen good reception
1	flip phone clear receipt screen good reception
1	Easy to operate, good quality outdoor pictures, sliding lens cover
1	Easy to, good quality pictures, sliding lens cover
0	Wish I could find a camera that does elapse time frames.
0	Wish I could determine a camera that does elapse time build.
1	Reception, Battert Life, Styling, Voice Activation, Low Radiation
1	Reception, Battert Life,, Voice Activation, Low Radiation
0	shutter lag.
0	lag shutter.
0	A little bigger than some of the competitively priced phones
0	A little openhanded than some of the competitively price phones
1	Modern Design, All the features, does life get any better?
1	Modern Design, All the features, does life project get any better?
0	gray-scale graphics sometime uneven
0	gray-scale graphics sometime odd uneven
0	quality
0	quality
1	PRICE; LIGHTWEIGHT; SIMPLE TO OPERATE; PRETTY SILENT...
1	PRICE; LIGHTWEIGHT; SIMPLE SILENT OPERATE; PRETTY TO...
0	small storage area, no handle height adjustment
0	small storage area, handle height adjustment
0	Battery Life, Battery Type
0	Type Life, Battery Battery
0	High price, so-so battery life, small monochrome screen, sleazy Motorola marketing
0	High price, battery life, small screen, sleazy Motorola marketing
0	only lasted 5 months
0	only lasted fivesome months
0	None, none at all.
0	None, none at altogether all.
0	Staff Complained That It Ran Out of Toner Too Fast
0	Staff Complained That It flow Out of toner Too Fast
1	Excellent all around product
1	around all Excellent product
0	NONE
0	none
1	See above.
1	discover above.
0	Short battery life, lack of optical view finder
0	Short battery life, lack of view finder
0	Annoying missed call and message reminders.
0	Annoying lose missed call and message reminders.
0	poor ergonomics, uses smartmedia
0	poor, uses smartmedia
1	Manual and Automatic.  Very little lag.  4 megapixel.
1	Manual and Automatic.  Very little lag.  4.
1	Excellent camera.  Great Price
1	Great camera.  Excellent Price
1	Great image quality, software easy to use
1	Great quality image, software easy to use
0	Expensive inks. Typical HP printer driver. Quirks with the "paper saver" mode.
0	Expensive inks. Typical HP pressman driver. Quirks with the "wallpaper saver" mode.
1	Its tiny, the screens amazing, I love it!!!!
1	Its tiny, the screens awe-inspiring, I love it!!!!
0	No optical zoom, mechanical defect with lens cap
0	No zoom, mechanical defect with lens cap
0	none
0	none
1	good basic phone without a lot of useless features
1	good basic phone without a sport lot of useless features
0	Doesn't feel like it would survive a fall.
0	Doesn't feel like it survive a fall.
0	AC power adapter not included
0	AC power adaptor not included
1	Great Print Quality
1	Print Quality
1	Excellent phone for the price. Lots of features I've never had before.
1	phone for the price. Lots of features I've never before.
0	Send and End keys on wrong sides, No calculator, Needs a belt clip
0	Send and End keys on damage sides, No calculator, Needs a belt clipping
1	12PPM, USB, low price, nice software features.
1	12PPM, USB, low software, nice price features.
1	You get a printer, copier, fax, and scanner all in one machine!
1	You get printer, copier, fax, and scanner all in machine!
0	None
0	None
0	Large display is EASILY BREAKABLE! Tiny phone side display
0	Large display is EASILY BREAKABLE! Tiny phone English display
1	prints fairly fast, cartridges easily changed
1	prints evenhandedly fast, cartridges easily changed
1	easy to use, fun colors, unique
1	easy to use, fun colors, unparalleled
1	compact, easy to use, good feature set
1	compact, easy to use, tardily good feature set
1	SMALL, BATTERY LIFE, GAMES, CALCULATOR, FRONT SCREEN
1	SMALL, BATTERY LIFE, GAMES, CALCULATOR, FRONT screen
1	Very clear pictures
1	clear Very pictures
1	price
1	price
0	Quality of picture
0	picture of Quality
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
0	picayune bulky but easily equip in pocket....other than that nothing else
0	Paper tray too short
0	Paper tray too shortly
1	Inexpensive, Built in card reader
1	Inexpensive, Built in card carte reader
1	Great Features
1	Features Great
1	Easy to use. Small enough to fit in pocket. Excellent pictures.
1	Easy to use. Small enough to fit in render pocket. Excellent pictures.
1	Great quality...
1	Great tone quality...
0	Not good with low light situations.
0	just Not good with low light situations.
1	reclines folds easily lightweight sturdy comfortable BEATS THE VOLO!
1	reclines folds easily lightweight sturdy comfortable shell THE VOLO!
1	little voices, box, ease
1	little, box, ease
1	easy to use, good picture quality, 8MB card, can take a beating
1	easy to exercise, respectable picture quality, 8MB card, can take a beating
0	Price, text messaging, and whiskers (see review)
0	Price, text messaging, and message whiskers (see review)
1	good for beginners, funky blue design, cheap
1	good for beginners, funky blue design, crummy
1	Easy usb connection
1	sluttish usb connection
0	Micro SD connection, button functions, battery life
0	Micro SD connection, button functions, release battery life
1	compact, excellent quality, fun to use
1	compact, excellent quality, fun splendid to use
0	size
0	sizing size
1	Lots of Features, easy to use, great way to keep in touch
1	stack of Features, slowly to use, great way to keep in touch
0	Ink cartridges are too small
0	Ink cartridges are too pocket-size
0	no battery indicator.
0	battery indicator.
1	3.3 Megapixel resolution, size, price, picture quality.  Uses standard media.
1	3.3 Megapixel resolution, size, price, picture media.  Uses standard quality.
0	Bad quality overall; camera, ring-tones, graphics are all bad.
0	Bad lineament overall; camera, ring-tones, graphics are all bad.
1	Design and color; MP3 player with external controls; 3G
1	Design and distort; MP3 player with external controls; 3G
0	Too many problems to deal with
0	overly Too many problems to deal with
1	Small, lightweight, high resolution, additional memory cards available, no more photo developing costs.
1	Small, retention lightweight, high resolution, additional memory cards available, no more photo developing costs.
0	sucks the battery juice, no zoom
0	sucks the soar battery juice, no zoom
0	Not good for high quality pictures
0	Not good for high skilful quality pictures
0	large size
0	large boastfully size
1	good price,nice pictures
1	good price,nice 
1	Strong audio quality and long battery life.
1	Strong audio spirit quality and long battery life.
1	very sleek size, color, tons of extras
1	very satiny size, color, tons of extras
0	 no through the lens viewing at eye piece
0	 no through the lens viewing at heart piece
0	Slightly more expensive than other printers; however, the price is worth it!
0	Slightly more expensive than other pressman printers; however, the price is worth it!
1	It has a camera, comes free sometimes with a signed contract.
1	It has a camera, comes sometimes with a signed.
1	Great picture quality, ease of use, LCD display.
1	Great expectant picture quality, ease of use, LCD display.
0	one hand fold shouldn't be a selling point, canopy
0	one hand fold shouldn't be a selling flock point, canopy
1	easy to use lighted round keypad, large screen, video recorder and camera, voice tag
1	easy to round lighted use keypad, large screen, video recorder and camera, voice tag
0	Price (depends on how you buy it though...)
0	Price (depends on how you corrupt it though...)
0	none really
0	really none
1	inexpensive
1	cheap inexpensive
0	none yet
0	none withal
0	No flash
0	No 
1	affordable, wonderful quality on any paper
1	affordable, choice wonderful quality on any paper
1	Fantastic Color Output
1	fantastical Color Output
1	Great idea!
1	Great estimation idea!
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
0	Cartridges 
0	magazine 
1	Very light, portable, simple to operate
1	Very light, portable, simple childlike to operate
1	- Size, - Looks, - Largest LCD display ever seen, - Image quality, - Portability
1	- Size, - Looks, - Largest LCD display ever seen, - Image exhibit quality, - Portability
0	Hefty Price Tag.
0	Hefty Price dog.
0	Long; Needs a More User Friendly Menuing System
0	Long; Needs a User More Friendly Menuing System
1	Good price
1	Good 
0	colour cartridges are expensive
0	distort cartridges are expensive
0	not compact   ....not really a problem for most
0	not compact   ....not really most problem for a
1	Inexpensive, accurate, dependable, convenient shooting/viewing, numerous useful features, high-quality shots.
1	Inexpensive, accurate, true, convenient shoot/viewing, numerous useful features, high-quality shots.
0	Only a 4 MB card, virtually no battery life, no AC adapter.  Poor zoom capablities.
0	Only a 4 MB card, surge virtually no battery life, no AC adapter.  Poor zoom spirit capablities.
0	everything else
0	everything 
1	Quality of print, speed and dual print trays.
1	Quality print, speed and dual print trays.
1	good color
1	good 
0	Poor dpi
0	dpi
0	non-intuitive menus and HORRIBLE ANTENNA
0	non-intuitive fare and HORRIBLE ANTENNA
0	Expensive, large, heavy, to long to boot-up, manual lens cap, doesn't take snap shots
0	Expensive, large, gruelling, to long to boot-up, manual lens cap, doesn't take cracking shots
0	Lack of Flash
0	of Flash
0	You now have to pay for voice dialing
0	You now for to pay have voice dialing
1	Many great features for such a low price
1	price great features for such a low Many
1	great pictures, unreal sound
1	great pictures, unreal 
1	Great picture quality, auto-flash, red-eye control, nice LCD
1	Great picture quality, auto-flash, red-eye ascendence, nice LCD
1	Image quality, price, video link
1	Image tone, price, video link
1	High Quality Color Prints
1	Prints Quality Color High
0	Carrying case not included
0	included case not Carrying
0	Ring tones, WAP, LCD screen
0	Ring tones, WAP, tonicity LCD screen
1	Price, quiet, fast
1	Price, tranquillize, fast
1	A reasonable price for all of the functions it can perform.  Fairly simple to operate.
1	amp reasonable damage for all of the work it can perform.  Fairly simple to operate.
1	Great pictures, versatile, compact, floppy adapter
1	Great pictures, versatile,, floppy adapter
1	Easy to fold, quite compact(when folded), convenient
1	Easy to fold, quite compact(when folded), rather convenient
1	Blazingly fast autofocus, excellent metering, and a very very sharp lens.
1	Blazingly fast autofocus, excellent metering, a very very sharp.
0	Gets burning hot with use
0	Gets use hot with burning
1	pretty good looks, internet enabled, speaker phone
1	pretty good looks, internet, speaker phone
1	Game is so much fun.  Great with multy-player or with single-player!
1	Game fun so much is.  Great with multy-player or with single-player!
1	Great Manual features, clear pictures, good battery life
1	Great Manual features, clear pictures, sound battery life
1	Quality, Speed
1	prime Quality, Speed
1	A lot of camera for the money., 
1	destiny A lot of camera for the money., 
0	Grainy in low light.
0	in Grainy low light.
0	Optical viewfinder is not worth using
0	viewfinder Optical is not worth using
0	few ring choices
0	few alternative ring choices
0	Will turn you into a raving lunatic obsessed with how crappy your phone is.
0	Will turn you into a raving lunatic obsessed with how crappy is.
1	Compact, sturdy, great features, great quality
1	great, sturdy, Compact features, great quality
1	Stylish design and compact.
1	Stylish blueprint and compact.
0	pricier than some, limited patterns available
0	pricier than some, restrict patterns available
0	none
0	none
1	Camera, color display, excellent ring tones.
1	Camera, colouration display, excellent ring tones.
1	external display, size
1	extraneous display, size
1	Easy to use; relatively inexpensive; quality pretty good; wonderful customer service
1	Easy to use; relatively inexpensive; pretty good; wonderful customer 
0	Send/end button combined
0	Send/end button last combined
1	Style,Weight,Features,Reception
1	Style,Weight,Features,
0	Noise. Ink cartridge cost(all are).
0	cartridge. Ink Noise cost(all are).
1	Great for printing photos.
1	Great photos printing for.
0	Everything. It does not print properly
0	It. Everything does not print properly
0	no voice-dialing, games could be better
0	no voice-dialing, games could better
0	No flash, poor pictures, and you can't see the pics until you download.
0	No insure flash, poor pictures, and you can't see the pics until you download.
1	Duplexing mode, excellent resolution, Fast!  Smaller footprint
1	mode, excellent resolution, Fast!  Smaller footprint
1	Good sound quality.  Great display.  All around good phone.
1	sound quality.  Great display.  All around good phone.
0	Eats ink cartridges!!!!Bad paper feed.
0	Eats ink cartridges!!!!bad Bad paper feed.
1	Inexpensive for the novice
1	Inexpensive for the beginner novice
1	Long use and stand by time
1	Long use and stand hanker by time
1	USB Setup - a bear!
1	USB a - Setup bear!
0	no zoom, no brace.....
0	no zoom, pair no brace.....
0	Ink thirsty, ink dries out fast, expensive ink cartridges 
0	Ink thirsty, ink dries out fast, ink expensive ink cartridges 
1	Initial purchase price good
1	Initial good price purchase
1	Cheap, 2MB Onboard Memory, LCD
1	Cheap, Onboard 2MB Memory, LCD
0	The antenna, calling via voice, my apprehension about Motorola
0	The antenna, ring via voice, my apprehension about Motorola
1	Multifunction
1	Multifunction
0	no serious
0	no dangerous serious
1	Digital is where it's at...down with developing film!
1	Digital is where it's at... with developing film!
0	Not quite pager sized (Hey, It's all I could think of!).
0	Not pager sized (Hey, It's all I could think!).
0	Somewhat expensive for 2 megapixels, only 8MB memory included and no rechargeable batteries.
0	Somewhat expensive for 2 megapixels, only 8MB included memory and no rechargeable batteries.
0	conflict with mustek scanners, usb doesn't seem to work like it should
0	conflict with mustek scanners, look usb doesn't seem to work like it should
1	color screen
1	screen color
1	takes nice qaulity photos, easy to use
1	takes nice photos, easy to use
0	Lack of some features, echo and dust can get in external screen.
0	Lack of some features, echo and dust can come in external riddle.
0	small ink cartridges
0	small-scale ink cartridges
1	size, ease of use, 
1	size, ease of utilise, 
0	Somewhat expensive even if you can find it on sale, ridiculously expensive if you can't
0	Somewhat expensive even regular if you can find it on sale, ridiculously expensive eve if you can't
1	Free after rebate, even for existing customers!
1	Free after rebate, customers for existing even!
0	Sucks batteries like there's no tomorrow
0	Sucks batteries blow like there's no tomorrow
1	easy to use, great screen-brightness, simple keypad, loud ringer,  very light and compact, flashy appearance
1	tardily to use, large screen-brightness, simple keypad, loud ringer,  very light and succinct, flashy appearance
1	Otherwise, a decent phone.
1	Otherwise, a phone decent.
0	should come with an AC adapter
0	should adaptor come with an AC adapter
1	Great tool for beginners
1	Great tool for novice
0	slow printing time
0	printing slow time
1	light, easy to maneuver, folds easily
1	light, easy to maneuver, promiscuous folds easily
1	-good looking
1	-search good looking
1	Looks cool, great price, print photos!
1	Looks cool, great price, print!
0	everything.bad reception.no signal.  bad battery life.
0	everything.bad reception.no signal.  bad battery.
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their proficient, overlook calls.
0	Too bad printing quality printing in fast mode, problems with the windows ME driver.
0	Too bad print quality printing in fast mode, problems with the window ME driver.
0	A bit pricy, you pay for what you get
0	A bit pricy, you pay for what you dear get
0	none
0	none
1	Excellent Photo printing.  Amazingly low ink usage!
1	Excellent Amazingly printing.  Photo low ink usage!
1	AA batteries, Compact Flash media, LCD screen, auto focus
1	AA batteries, Flash Compact media, LCD screen, auto focus
0	Flimsy antenna
0	thin antenna
1	ease of use, scanning options and included applications, size
1	ease of, scanning options and included applications, size
1	Great Pictures. Easy to use. Great movie mode. Very good camera for a low price.
1	Great Pictures. Easy to habituate. majuscule movie mode. Very good camera for a low terms.
1	Good picture quality
1	prize Good picture quality
1	Clear, printable pictures. More options than you can use.
1	Clear, printable you. More options than pictures can use.
1	Small, Sexy
1	, Sexy
1	Excellent Picture quality; easy to use; easy to load to PC; reasonable priced
1	Excellent Picture quality; load to use; easy to easy to PC; reasonable priced
0	Takes good photos of dead rats.
0	good photos of dead rats.
0	The lens pulls in slow, takes a few seconds to recharge for next picture.
0	The lens pulls in slow, ask a few seconds to recharge for following picture.
1	Easily navigable menus, Metal case, Stylish, Reception improving features
1	Easily navigable menus, Metal Stylish, case, Reception improving features
1	vivid colors some what clear pictures.
1	vivid colors some what clear semblance pictures.
0	small basket
0	small 
1	tiny size, customizable, mimics a PDA, still very &quot;hip&quot;
1	tiny size, customizable, mimics a PDA, still hip &quot;very&quot;
0	sooo slow to take pictures, short battery life 
0	sooo slow to take pictures, short life 
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
0	field the disabled carrier full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" My is missing in the calendar.
1	cost effective, fun &amp;amp; easy to use, rechargable lithium battery, custom-made options
1	cost effective, fun &amp;merriment amp; easy to use, rechargable lithium battery, custom-made options
1	Easy to use,Great pictures
1	Easy to slow use,Great pictures
0	Volume control adjustment
0	Volume control readjustment
1	Product has the features I want
1	Product has the boast I want
1	inexpensive, great support
1	inexpensive, cracking great support
1	Image Quality, ease of use, build quality, OS X/Windows XP support
1	Image Quality, of use, build quality, OS X/ XP support
0	hard to press the buttons.No bluetooth
0	hard to press the buttons.weigh No bluetooth
0	cost, weight
0	weight, cost
1	High quality photo printing as well as text and graphics.
1	High quality photo printing as and as text well graphics.
1	worked well for one year
1	turn well for one year
1	Quality of Prints! 
1	character of Prints! 
0	Odd shape if you're not used to it.
0	Odd shape if you're not used it.
0	photo printing is not up to par
0	photo printing is up to par
1	Speed, print quality, reliability
1	Speed, reliability quality, print
0	A little bulky, some think pricey
0	A little bulky, some guess pricey
0	Heats up, grainy viewfinder, short battery life, sluggish autofocus&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Heats up, grainy amp, short battery life, sluggish autofocus&amp;#13;&viewfinder;#10;
1	Ease of use.
1	Ease use of.
0	poor sound, below average functions, pricey, delicate, sub-par reception
0	poor, below average functions, pricey, delicate, sub-par reception
0	Should be sold with case
0	Should equal be sold with case
0	haven't found anything yet!
0	haven't found yet!
1	Great quality printing for everyday printjobs and photos.
1	Great quality everyday for printing printjobs and photos.
1	 games
1	 game
1	Price, speed, quality, ease of use/installation
1	Price, speed, quality, ease of use/
1	Affordability, ease-of-use, quality digital photo's
1	Affordability, ease-of-use, choice digital photo's
0	Small display and buttons
0	exhibit Small display and buttons
1	6x Optical zoom; Great quality; Movie mode; Lightweight 
1	6x Optical zoom; Great quality; Movie manner; Lightweight 
0	To date, I have been unable to get the  software to work.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	date, I have been unable get the  software to work.&amp;#13;&amp;#;
1	Perfect for 35mm SLR users, great price
1	Perfect for 35mm users SLR, great price
0	none
0	none
1	Portable size and great picture quality!
1	Portable size and great picture sizing quality!
1	Works Well, very quiet, Much improved resolution, pagis pro software good!! 
1	Works Well, very quiet, lick Much improved resolution, pagis pro software good!! 
0	Bad product.  Wouldn't accept a fax.  Shakes.  Copies skewed.  Dropouts.
0	spoilt product.  Wouldn't accept a fax.  Shakes.  transcript skewed.  Dropouts.
0	Camera little to slow causing blurry subjects. Earbud fall out. No camera lens cover
0	Camera little to slow causing blurry subjects. Earbud fall out. No camera hazy lens cover
0	None
0	none None
1	Easy to use
1	Easy use to
0	No external caller id, No speakerphone
0	No external caller id, No no speakerphone
0	Full-figured.  Expensive.
0	Full-figured. .
1	Palm PDA and cellphone in one
1	Palm and cellphone in one
0	Different shape, $$
0	Different chassis, $$
1	Size
1	size Size
1	Intuitive Nokia interface; great screen; easy to use
1	Intuitive Nokia interface; easily great screen; easy to use
0	Slow and light-sensitive autofocus, no easy way to add filters
0	Slow and light-sensitive autofocus, no promiscuous way to summate filters
1	Storage space, Quick view on computer nothing to connect just pop in cd!!!
1	Storage cd, Quick view on computer nothing to connect just pop in space!!!
1	Motorola always produces solid well built products...but...
1	Motorola always produces solid well built product...but...
1	Easy to Use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great Software&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Easy to Use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#AMP 13;&amp;#10;Great Software&amp;#13;&amp;#tenner 10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Great software and easy to use.
1	majuscule software and easy to use.
0	Big, heavy...somewhat complicated when using advanced features...Problems with battery life and focus. 
0	Big, heavy...somewhat complicated when using boost features...Problems with battery life and focussing. 
1	Small, packed with features, high &quot;sex appeal&quot;
1	Small, packed with features, small high &quot;sex appeal&quot;
1	Inexpensive-lightweight-easy to use-great quality photos
1	quality to use-great Inexpensive-lightweight-easy photos
0	small, battery, scratches
0	small,, scratches
1	Small, 5 text lines for web, well-built, inexpensive, full-featured, decent battery life, great value.
1	Small, 5 battery lines for web, well-built, inexpensive, full-featured, decent text life, great value.
0	resolution only goes up to 640x480, only handles 8mg smartmedia cards
0	resolution only goes to up 640x480, only handles 8mg smartmedia cards
0	No Speakerphone
0	No speakerphone Speakerphone
0	Problems just aren't worth it.
0	Problems just aren't worth trouble it.
1	Good Looking
1	Looking
0	It broke several times!
0	broke several times!
1	Floppy disks, movies, great photo quality, timer, tons of modes and features
1	Floppy movies, disks, great photo quality, timer, tons of modes and features
0	NC 3 software,camera underexposes
0	NC 3 camera,software underexposes
1	Dirt Cheap after Rebate.
1	Dirt Cheap after.
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
0	the keys start to the body, bad design.
1	none
1	none
1	Easy to use, good price,  its a NIKON, excellent features
1	Easy to use, good price,  its dear a NIKON, excellent features
0	can't send text messages, old
0	can't send text, old
1	small, convenient, sleek, very good picture quality, 2.3 megapixels
1	small, convenient, sleek, very good picture quality, 2.caliber 3 megapixels
1	Extremely easy set up process
1	Extremely easy fit up process
1	Great reception, internet capable, Size,
1	bully reception, internet capable, Size,
1	Compact size, fits easily in the pocket and loud ring.
1	constrict size, fits easily in the pocket and loud phone.
1	Compact, neat new swiveling lens design, cheap, excellent metering , 
1	Compact, neat excellent swiveling lens design, cheap, new metering , 
1	Keypad, lightweight, easy navigation.
1	Keypad, jackanapes lightweight, easy navigation.
0	Haven't discovered any as of yet
0	discovered any as of yet
1	Very small; a little bigger than a credit card
1	small; a little bigger than a credit card
0	ridiculous noises and long wait time before printing begins
0	ridiculous and noises long wait time before printing begins
1	price, photo quality, ease of use
1	Price, photo quality, ease of use
1	Great picture...easy to use
1	easy picture...Great to use
1	Light, Color display, Polyphonic ringtones, thin, fast, good background lighting, and good for customizing.
1	Light, Color display, Polyphonic ringtones,, fast, good background, and good for customizing.
0	some accessories are cheap
0	some accessories are gimcrack
0	Spites out extra sheet every now and then, cartridges around 30 beans.
0	pitter-patter out extra sheet every now and then, cartridges around 30 dome.
1	Feature rich&#13;&#10;Fairly durable&#13;&#10;Good battery life
1	Feature rich&#ten 13;&#10;Fairly durable&#13;&#10;Good battery life
0	Poor user interface, macro mode isn't all that &amp;quot;macro&amp;quot;
0	Poor user interface, macro mode isn't that &;quot;macro&amp;quot;
0	Better get Ni-Cad batteries
0	Better get Ni-Cad right batteries
0	Cost of operation
0	cost of operation
0	everything else
0	everything else
0	Cumbersome menu; washed-out LCD; tech support
0	inept menu; washed-out LCD; tech support
1	sleek, small, light weight
1	sleek,, light weight
0	Just a bit bulky, hard to find volume on side without looking
0	Just a bit bulky, hard to find volume on side angstrom without looking
0	Nothing to write here.
0	Nothing write here.
0	Not many: Flimsy plastic, goofy network install, critical alignment tough
0	Not many: Flimsy plastic, goofy network non install, critical alignment tough
1	see op
1	see 
1	Inexpensive, Well rounded, Good Battery Life
1	Inexpensive, Well rounded, Good Life
0	Lack of Windows2000 Drivers, No Zoom
0	Lack of Windows2000 driver, No Zoom
0	Hard to hold still ... That might just be me.
0	Hard be hold still ... That might just to me.
0	every body is getting them, originality factor minimized.
0	every body factor getting them, originality is minimized.
0	Have to agree with everyone the lens cap is terrible.
0	Have to jibe with everyone the lens jacket is terrible.
0	just about everything about it
0	just about everything about it
1	battery life
1	life battery
0	Need to study the protocols carefully, needs accessories, needs optical zoom
0	Need to study the protocols, needs accessories, needs optical 
1	The camera is fairly easy to use.
1	The camera is fairly wanton to use.
0	Hard to get, high priced, average LCD brightness, poor CF door design.
0	Hard to get, Cf high priced, average LCD brightness, poor CF door design.
1	Great text and photo output on special paper; Cheap; Lots of driver customizations
1	dandy text and photo output on special paper; tawdry; Lots of driver customizations
1	High Quality OPTICAL 3X Zoom, Superb Image Quality, Very Kind on Batteries
1	High Quality OPTICAL Kind Zoom, Superb Image Quality, Very 3X on Batteries
0	none at this price
0	none at this 
0	None of the pros actually WORK reliably,software crash/freeze, Sprint cust. service, Samsung cust. svc.
0	None clank of really the pros actually WORK reliably,software crash/freeze, Sprint cust. service, Samsung cust. svc.
0	hard to lock into place, can be a rough ride, price
0	hard to heavy lock into place, can be a rough ride, price
0	Slow printing, Tech support says its toll free but to talk to a real person cost money
0	obtuse impression, Tech suffer says its toll free but to talk to a real person cost money
0	None that I have found
0	that I have found
0	Can take longer to download in older computers with no USB port
0	Can ingest longer to download in quondam computers with no USB port
1	All features i need for everyday communication
1	All features i feature need for everyday communication
0	Expensive, Only 1.44 on each floppy
0	Expensive, Only on.44 1 each floppy
1	Color screen, brew apps, nice features.
1	apps screen, brew Color, nice features.
0	Ringtone Volume
0	Volume
0	No Negative rating
0	No Negative denounce
1	USB Port and Rechargeable Batteries Come w/ This Camera
1	USB Batteries and Rechargeable Port Come w/ This Camera
0	muffled sound sometimes
0	sound muffled sometimes
1	This is an excellent printer with high quality printing skills
1	This is an excellent splendid printer with high quality printing skills
0	Price.
0	Price.
1	compact and reliable
1	compact reliable and
1	A very fast printer with brilliant photo quality.
1	A very printer with brilliant photo quality.
1	Lightweight, Walkie-Talkie Feature, Clear Sound.
1	Lightweight, Walkie-Talkie Feature, Clear wakeless.
1	small, light, good picture quality, easy to use
1	, light, good picture quality, easy to use
1	Bright inside display; Lots of features
1	Bright inside exhibit display; Lots of features
0	Printer takes a little longer to print out color projects
0	Printer a takes little longer to print out color projects
1	lightweight, great lighted screen, cool features
1	screen, great lighted lightweight, cool features
1	Small and free!
1	and free!
1	The t68i phone is feature packed.  Ringtones, backgrounds, contacts etc... can be sync'd w/ Outlook.
1	The t68i phone is feature pack.  Ringtones, backgrounds, contact etc... can be sync'd w/ lookout.
0	Bad Reception, Horrible Battery Life, Often Defective
0	Reception Bad, Horrible Battery Life, Often Defective
1	tetris &amp; solataire
1	tetris &AMP; solataire
0	somewhat noisy
0	jolly noisy
0	Short-life ink cartridge, print quality horrible, paper feed problems
0	Short-life ink cartridge, impress quality horrible, paper feed problems
1	Great speed and price
1	and speed Great price
1	fast clear printing, easy to use
1	clear fast printing, easy to use
1	Awesome color display, stable Palm system, easy to use.  Reminds me of my old StarTac.
1	Awesome color display, stable system, easy to.  Reminds me of my StarTac.
0	Printer Ink Cost!!!
0	printer Ink Cost!!!
0	Slow startup, small screen, no photo capabilities
0	Slow startup, screen, no photo capabilities
0	could be sold w/ high memory chip, but no biggie
0	could be betray w/ eminent memory chip, but no biggie
0	No LCD, 3 buttons pushed to get past flash, low resolution, no tele lens.
0	No LCD, 3 buttons pushed to get past flash, low tele, no resolution lens.
0	slow downloads without a USB memory card reader
0	slow downloads without USB a memory card reader
1	light, good looking, parent tray, height adjustment
1	light, good looking, see parent tray, height adjustment
1	Price,Speed,Print quality
1	Price,speeding Speed,Print quality
0	Cost little more than I like
0	Cost little more than iodin like
0	Inconsistent Printouts
0	printout Inconsistent Printouts
0	OK Image Quality, No Flash, Battery Drainer, Few Features, Spoils-the-Fun Beep when Taking Pictures
0	okey Image Quality, No Flash, Battery Drainer, Few Features, Spoils-the-Fun Beep when Taking figure
0	complicated menus.  Construction could have been better.
0	complicated menus.  Construction could intimately have been better.
1	user-friendly
1	user-friendly
0	Limited resolution, expensive for a one Megapixel camera, battery hog
0	Limited resolution, expensive for hog one Megapixel camera, battery a
1	Cheap
1	flashy
1	Uses 3.5 floppy
1	Uses.5 floppy
1	cheap
1	punk cheap
0	Half full expensive cartridges
0	Half magazine full expensive cartridges
0	Programing set up
0	up set Programing
1	Price, Floppy Disk Drive, Battery Life, Shares battery with Sony Hi-8 Video Camera
1	Price, Floppy Disk Drive, Battery life, Shares battery with Sony Hi-8 television Camera
0	Slow start-up/cycle times, rechargeable battery/charger not included&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Slow start-up/cycle times, rechargeable battery/10 not included&amp;#13;&amp;#charger;
1	Outstanding pictures outdoors, nice colour, handy user interface
1	Outstanding fancy outdoors, nice colour, handy user interface
0	Eats up ink fast
0	Eats up ink immobile fast
1	It is reliable
1	IT It is reliable
0	It doesn't have games. Not as many accessories as other phones.
0	It doesn't games. Not many accessories as other phones.
0	Intimidated by lots of buttons? This may have too many settings for you.
0	restrain by much of buttons? This may have too many settings for you.
0	Included battery has short life.
0	aliveness Included battery has short life.
1	simple, quick!
1	, quick!
0	pricey, too small, priced superior; feels inferior
0	priced, too small, pricey superior; feels inferior
1	It is small
1	It is diminished
0	battery life terrible, cheep junk
0	battery life abominable, cheep junk
0	Battery Life, Low rings, and a lot more things...
0	Battery and, Low rings, Life a lot more things...
0	Well, it's cheap.
0	swell Well, it's cheap.
1	very good picture quality for a 2.2 megapixel camera.Very,very easy to use.
1	very good flick prize for a 2.2 megapixel camera.Very,very easy to expend.
1	attractive, large bonnet; comfortable
1	, large bonnet; comfortable
1	Easy to use, great quality and worth the money
1	Easy to use, great quality money worth the and
1	Compact. Well thought out.Cool looking
1	. Well thought out.Cool looking
0	paging and voice mail awkward
0	paging and sound mail awkward
1	Price, Ease of Use, Power Cord While Uploading Photos, Timer
1	terms, Ease of usage, Power Cord While Uploading Photos, Timer
1	Inexpensive, easy to use.
1	inexpensive, easy to use.
0	Not particularly user-friendly
0	Not especially user-friendly
0	None
0	None
1	great color and resolution, easy to use, remote control operation
1	great color and outback resolution, easy to use, remote control operation
0	Battery life.
0	life.
0	Hard on batteries, difficult to use in low light conditions, useless zoom, limited picture quality
0	Hard on inward batteries, difficult unmanageable to use in low light conditions, useless zoom, limited picture quality
0	phone cracks, battery life stinks
0	shelling phone cracks, battery life stinks
1	Good general purpose printer, reasonable speed for this class of printer
1	commodity general aim printer, reasonable speed for this class of printer
0	high cost
0	cost high
0	display can be hard to see in sunlight
0	display can embody be hard to see in sunlight
0	Limited features, mediocre picture quality, low memory.
0	Limited features, mediocre picture, low memory.
0	?? Mine came with a gold cover, I would rather have a black one.
0	?? Mine came with a gold insure, I would rather have a lightlessness one.
1	Great signal, great features, ringtones, computer hookup
1	Great signal, great features,, computer hookup
0	Poor outdoor light handling, slow shutter speed, no macro feature and no case.
0	Poor outdoor light handling, slacken shutter speed, no macro feature and no instance.
0	No face protection, have to manually set clock and date, weird email setup.
0	No face protection, have to manually readiness clock and appointment, weird email setup.
1	Great value; excellent design, features, size; ease of use; performance
1	Great value; ease design, features, size; excellent of use; performance
1	Compact&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Compact&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easily to use&amp;#13;&amp;#decade;
1	Compact Size, Metal Body. 3X Optical Zoom, CF Memory.
1	Compact, Metal Body. 3X Optical Zoom, CF Memory.
1	cheap
1	cheap
0	A bit big, off position doesn't lock to prevent battery usage, small picture printed (2X3)
0	A big, off position doesn't lock battery usage, small picture printed (2X3)
0	eats batteries quickly
0	eats quickly
1	Great image quality, Easy to use, Loaded with features
1	Great image quality, Easy to use, epitome Loaded with features
1	A breeze to set up.  I followed the directions exactly and no problems at all.
1	A breeze to set the.  exactly followed up directions I and no problems at all.
0	Very slow OS, crashes alot, countless dropped calls
0	Very slow OS, crashes alot, countless calls
0	Under-powered flash
0	flash Under-powered
0	Reception sucks, Speakerphone Cuts out every two minutes.
0	Reception sucks, Speakerphone swerve out every two minutes.
0	No battery status indicator, Shutter lag ( ALL average digital cameras have it )#!%$!
0	No it status indicator, Shutter lag ( ALL average digital cameras have battery )#!%$!
1	Cheap, nice software package.
1	, nice software package.
1	It supports GPRS, GSM, TDMA, and analog. It has voice dialing and built in vibration.
1	keep It supports GPRS, GSM, TDMA, parallel and analog. It has voice dialing and built in vibration.
0	Price, supplied CompactFlash card is small
0	Price, supplied CompactFlash poster is small
0	Fixed ISO setting, Horrible movies
0	Fixed movies setting, Horrible ISO
0	print quality, slow printing, warranty
0	quality, slow printing, warranty
1	comfortable and light weight
1	comfortable and light 
1	Pretty camera! Takes great pictures! Many features but still easy to use!
1	Pretty camera! Takes easy pictures! Many features but still great to use!
1	Small size, Ease of use.  Takes excellent pictures.
1	Small size, Ease of use.  low Takes excellent pictures.
1	None.
1	none.
1	Lightweight, strong reception, clarity, compact, easy to see display
1	Lightweight, clearness strong reception, clarity, compact, easy to see display
1	Great Speed, Water Resistant Ink, Individual Color Cartridges, Highly Reliable, Great Looking.
1	Great Speed, Water Ink, Individual Cartridges, Highly Reliable, Great Looking.
1	great quality, decent price
1	decent quality, great price
1	Easy to use, great picture quality, easy editing, one touch picture transfer, inexpensive
1	Easy to use, great picture quality, easy editing, one touch transfer, 
0	Case not very durable and antenna is flimsy
0	Case not very durable and case antenna is flimsy
0	No clock (what were they thinking?)
0	No clock (what were they believe?)
1	EXCELLENT signal reception and clear calls.  Good build quality.  Convenient design. Full featured. Battery life.
1	EXCELLENT calls and reception clear signal.  Good build quality.  Convenient design. Full featured. Battery life.
0	relatively poor reception
0	relatively piteous reception
1	Value for money, compact
1	Value treasure for money, compact
0	battery use
0	barrage battery use
1	Lots of features, easy to use
1	Lots of, easy to use
1	-Clarity
1	-Clarity
0	Eats batteries,controls could be simpler, and what's up with the lens cover?
0	Eats batteries,controls up be simpler, and what's could with the lens cover?
0	battery life is low
0	life is low
1	Weight, Voice Notes, New Phone Book, Address Book, and JAVA!
1	Weight, Voice Notes, New Phone Book, Address Book, weighting and JAVA!
1	Nice screen, camera, all those other functions.
1	Nice screen, camera, those other functions.
1	Great software, easy to use camera
1	easy software, Great to use camera
0	Eats batteries - though this largely depends on battery. buy rechargeable with recharger
0	Eats batteries - though largely depends on battery. buy with recharger
0	none
0	none
0	No Macintosh connection.
0	No Macintosh link.
0	Smart and Scroll Buttons, Antenna jabs into you on belt clip
0	Smart and gyre Buttons, Antenna jabs into you on belt crop
0	customer service becomes your best friend
0	customer service becomes your best client friend
0	very slow, loads one sheet at a time
0	very obtuse, loads one sheet at a time
1	Great looking printer
1	outstanding looking printer
0	Dropped calls, Screen size small for Internet
0	Dropped name, Screen size small for Internet
1	A great value for the begginer
1	A great for the begginer
1	Good resolution on pictures, easy to figure out how to take pictures and upload.
1	Good resolution along on pictures, easy to figure out how to take pictures and upload.
1	Compact, value, resolution
1	value, Compact, resolution
0	Icon interface takes some getting used to.
0	Icon interface takes some getting used port to.
0	Does not take add on lenses or filters
0	Does not take surgery add on lenses or filters
1	Tons of storage and VERY user friendly.  Lots of features!
1	Tons of storage user friendly.  Lots of features!
0	Now only comes with 8MB card.  Batteries do not last (under 15 pictures)
0	Now only comes with 8MB card.  Batteries do not last (pictures 15 under)
0	Printer cable not included, cheap construction of paper rest and output tray, noisy
0	Printer cable not included, cheap paper of construction rest and output tray, noisy
1	Good speed for price, nice color output, ease of setting up.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	sound race for price, nice color output, comfort of setting up.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	no automatic double-sided printing
0	automatic no double-sided printing
0	severe and chronic paper feed problems
0	problems and chronic paper feed severe
0	annoying junk messages,scratches easy
0	annoying plaguy junk messages,scratches easy
1	Size, voice
1	sizing Size, voice
0	no colour screen
0	no coloration screen
1	Small,superb styling
1	Small,superb brilliant styling
0	only a beat too slow sometimes with the shutter to capture amazing blackmail shots
0	excessively only a beat too slow sometimes with the shutter to capture amazing blackmail shots
1	small, robust, great picture quality, good lens, very flexible
1	small, robust, great picture quality, upright lens, very flexible
1	Small size, multiple features
1	Small size, sizing multiple features
0	Camera broke after having it a month and a half. Zoom is very limited.
0	Camera broke after having it a embody month and a half. Zoom is very limited.
0	Expensive of course
0	class Expensive of course
1	Price, color screen
1	Price, color 
0	A Little Hard to Program
0	A little Hard to Program
1	Cool phone, camera takes good quality pictures, large color screen,  web access, lots of ringtones
1	Cool phone, camera takes quality pictures, large color,  access, lots of ringtones
1	Compact, decent buttons, infrared capabilities
1	Compact, decent buttons, infrared 
0	Limited accessories, weak zoom, only 2.0 megapixels
0	Limited accessories, weak zoom, only 2.modified 0 megapixels
0	Menu can be confusing, Lens cap 
0	Menu backside can be confusing, Lens cap 
1	complete with pager
1	staring with pager
1	Easy to use and prints great!
1	Easy use and prints great!
0	Kind of Big
0	bounteous Kind of Big
1	great for basic text use, inexpensive, durable
1	great for basic text use, inexpensive, staple durable
1	Size and Weight&#13;&#10;Features, and NO ANTENNA!
1	Size and Weight&#13;&#10;Features, ANTENNA NO and!
1	good to travel  with
1	good unspoiled to travel  with
1	added features, light weight
1	added characteristic features, light weight
0	Buying the ink for it.
0	buy the ink for it.
1	Good form factor, display bright and clear,
1	Good form factor, bright and clear,
0	Poor color, especially photos.
0	Poor color, photos.
0	Sucks the life out of batteries
0	Sucks the biography out of batteries
0	Flimsy rubber cover for I/O ports.
0	Flimsy rubber binding for I/O ports.
0	SHORT Battery Life, Terrible Pictures in Low Light
0	SHORT Battery Life, Terrible in Pictures Low Light
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Aesthetically Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Precision Pleasing, Reception
1	Good quality text and images, reasonably quick for an inkjet
1	Good and images, reasonably quick for an inkjet
1	Cheap price! good phone
1	Cheap price! phone
0	Poor use of screen space.  Not the loudest standard talk volume.  Poor mp3 volume ranges.
0	Poor use of sort space.  non the loudest standard talk volume.  Poor mp3 volume array.
1	Good reception, speakerphone, FM radio, familiar user interface, vibrate with ringtone, java.
1	Good reception, speakerphone, FM, familiar user interface, vibrate with ringtone,.
0	A smidge large, slightly spotty button backlighting, menus not as slick as Samsung's
0	smidge large, slightly button backlighting, menus not as slick as Samsung's
1	Excellent clarity, great extra features
1	Excellent clarity, great supernumerary features
0	Few Features, Lack of Compatibility, Many more
0	Few Features, Lack Compatibility of, Many more
0	You may need an exorcist.
0	You may an exorcist.
0	finding a name is bad, Battery life is very small,
0	finding a name is bad, life Battery is very small,
0	Paper jams if paper tray blocked
0	Paper jams press if paper tray blocked
1	Provides professional quality photographs
1	Provides professional exposure quality photographs
0	battery life
0	battery liveliness
0	Not easy to push when handle is in reverse position
0	Not easy to push address when handle is in reverse position
0	Needs extra memory card, carrying case. Use view finder instead of LCD to save battery.
0	Needs extra battery card, carrying case. Use view finder save of LCD to instead memory.
0	Small ink tanks, no USB cable
0	no ink tanks, Small USB cable
0	short battery life, but quickly recharges
0	short battery, but quickly recharges
1	Great quality, good price, good brand name!
1	Great quality, safe price, good brand name!
0	Some might not like the unorthodox style. (try the 6610 instead).
0	Some might not like unorthodox style. ( the 6610 instead).
0	It's pretty big - takes up quite a bit of space on my desk.
0	It's pretty bad - select up quite a bit of space on my desk.
0	LCD screen drains batteries
0	screen LCD drains batteries
0	No AC adapter, Serial only--no USB, poor flash
0	No AC adapter, Serial only--no USB, flash
0	none at this time
0	none at time this
0	Battery Life, Buttons too low profile
0	Battery Life, Buttons too grim profile
1	Compact, Easy To Use, Good Pictures
1	Compact, Easy To Use, soundly Pictures
1	Price, features, long battery-life, high quality
1	Price, features, long battery-life, quality
0	poor design, only Kodak can repair it.
0	poor design, only Kodak can bushel it.
1	Lots of cup holders, lightweight, one handed folding
1	of cup holders, lightweight, one handed folding
1	Good Value; Good Prints; LCD preview makes it easy to print without a PC
1	Good Value; Good Prints; LCD preview get it light to print without a PC
0	ate bateries
0	feed bateries
1	Very thin and lightweight. Very good reception. Clear hearing and large volume span.
1	and lightweight. Very good reception. Clear hearing and large volume span.
0	None that I can think of.
0	None that can think of.
0	The paper manual is apparently written by someone who has never used the phone.
0	The paper manual is ostensibly written by someone who has never habituate the phone.
1	slow
1	slow
1	A mother's savior!
1	A mother's Savior!
0	warrantee
0	guarantee warrantee
1	Easy to use feature loaded.
1	use to Easy feature loaded.
1	many well-integrated features, voice dialing, phonebook, email etc
1	many well-integrated features, vox dialing, phonebook, email etc
0	I dont have a con
0	I dont take have a con
1	User-friendly, 2.3 MegaPixel, Fun
1	3, 2.User-friendly MegaPixel, Fun
1	Durable, good size, long battery life.
1	Durable, safe good size, long battery life.
1	Easy to use and lightweight
1	well-off to use and lightweight
1	Simple to Use; Affordable
1	unsubdivided to Use; Affordable
1	compact, sleek design
1	compact, design sleek
1	EXCELLENT SCREEN CLARITY, AND SMALL COMPACT SIZE
1	EXCELLENT CLARITY SCREEN, AND SMALL COMPACT SIZE
1	rechargable batteries, can record video + audio, all metal body, full manual mode, brighter colors
1	rechargable batteries, record video + audio, all metal body, manual mode, brighter colors
0	Chincey construction in earpiece housing causes no earpiece speaker volume; reception can be spotty
0	housing construction in earpiece Chincey causes no earpiece speaker volume; reception can be spotty
0	Inkjet Cost/Page, Miss Piggy power brick, no USB cable, OK text, S L O W
0	Inkjet Cost/Page, Miss power brick, no USB cable, OK, S L W
0	Lacks Many Features
0	Lacks Many deficiency Features
0	not a color screen, no bluetooth
0	not a color screen, no sieve bluetooth
0	Costly print cartridges
0	high-priced print cartridges
0	It's life expectancy is SHORT
0	It's life expectancy is light
1	good value, good quality
1	unspoilt value, good quality
0	Cost, red eye flash problem
0	Cost, red eye flash scarlet problem
1	Small, Light, All the Features you need and then some
1	Small,, the Features you need and then some
0	almost non-existent tech support
0	almost non-existent tech substantiate
1	See above
1	above
1	Small size and lots of features
1	Small size and lots features
1	High resolution, low cost
1	High resolution, low modest cost
1	large LCD display &#13;&#10;Crystal Clear Reception all over the United States. &#13;&#10;
1	large LCD presentation &#13;&#ten;Crystal illuminate Reception all over the United States. &#13;&#10;
0	Slow when scanning
0	Slow scanning when
0	Could use more zoom, eats batteries like crazy
0	Could batteries more zoom, eats use like crazy
1	Sharp resolution
1	resolution
1	Small
1	Small
0	can't find any cons
0	can't cons any find
1	Long life battery, very reliable
1	Long sprightliness battery, very reliable
1	Ease of use
1	allay of use
0	Very fragile antenna, lots of static, unimpressive battery life.
0	Very fragile antenna, lots of aerial static, unimpressive battery life.
0	expensive, bulky, somewhat slow
0	expensive, bulky, passably slow
0	slow processing speed
0	processing slow speed
0	no games
0	games
0	None
0	none None
0	DISK NOT A GOOD IDEA...
0	DISK NOT A non GOOD IDEA...
1	Small enough to fit in your purse cell phone compartment, diaper bag, or shirt pocket.
1	Small enough to fit phone your purse cell in compartment, diaper bag, shirt or pocket.
0	You can buy a better scanner for 60USD, Slow compared to a real office photocopier
0	You can buy better scanner for 60USD, Slow compared to a real 
1	Great bang for your buck.  Inexpensive. 
1	buck bang for your Great.  Inexpensive. 
0	need the memory stick, disks only hold a few pictures
0	need the memory stick, disks only hold pictures
0	limited to existing lens
0	limited lens existing to
1	Easy to use; no paper jams; decent quality
1	well-situated to use; no paper jams; decent quality
0	None found yet.
0	found None yet.
1	many advanced features, multi-entry phonebook, voice dialing, calendar/PIM, large screen
1	many, multi-entry phonebook, voice dialing, calendar/PIM, large screen
1	small, compact, pretty, durable, soft buttons
1	small, compact, pretty, buttons, soft durable
0	Consumes batteries like an orbiting satellite... I'm sure.
0	Consumes batteries like I'm orbiting satellite... an sure.
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
0	slow, poor quality, inadequate paper feed
0	Needs a bigger Compact-flash card.
0	Needs a prominent Compact-flash card.
0	Screen is hard to read.  No protective cover.
0	Screen is hard to read.  No protective brood.
0	awkward to hold, no b/w mode
0	awkward to hold, no b/accommodate w mode
1	1.8" LCD; inexpensive; video output to TV
1	1.8" LCD; VIII inexpensive; video output to TV
1	Small, Durable, Inexpensive, Effective
1	Small, Inexpensive, Durable, Effective
1	Looks good
1	good Looks
0	Battery life, Phone book difficult to quickly navigate
0	Battery life, book difficult to quickly navigate
0	No image stabilization, the C730 could use both SM and xD cards, 
0	No image stabilization, the C730 both use could SM and xD cards, 
0	It doesn't fit in my pocket. Really, no cons that I can see.
0	It fit in my pocket. Really, no cons I can see.
0	Each Color is Individual
0	Each Color is somebody
1	I have to install these printers.  They are easy to install.
1	I have to install these printers.  are to install.
1	Vivid pictures and photographic prints
1	Vivid pictures characterization and photographic prints
0	lots of memos, but rather short in length; no reminders;
0	lots of memos, but short rather in length; no reminders;
1	Outstanding call quality, Small convenient size, Lots of features
1	Outstanding call quality, Small convenient size, stacks of features
1	cheap
1	loud
0	Batteries go a little fast. Bring along 2 or 3 sets of rechargables
0	Batteries go a little fast. along 2 or sets of rechargables
1	Good quality, Good Price
1	Good quality, Good 
1	quality, availablity, lcd screen, style
1	screen, availablity, lcd quality, style
1	Amazing image quality! Solid construction. Long list of features.
1	Amazing project quality! Solid construction. Long list of features.
0	NONE
0	NONE
0	durability, glitches in software
0	durability, glitches package in software
1	Incredible Battery Life.  Perfect size, not to large not to small.  Great reception!
1	Incredible Battery Life.  Perfect size, not to orotund not to small.  bully reception!
0	Slow, Holds only black OR color cartridge at one time.
0	, only black OR color cartridge at one time.
0	nothing i can think of, oh wait, lens cap
0	nothing i can think of, postponement oh wait, lens cap
1	1.3 megapix for $300, viewing window
1	1.3 megapix for $300, viewing 
1	Cheap! Small in Size!
1	Cheap! belittled in Size!
1	Small, light, simple, pockatable
1	Small, light,, pockatable
0	Won't take pictures in low light.
0	Won't take pictures in moo light.
0	Bit Hard to see blurred shots on LCD screen; Nose gets in way 
0	Bit Hard to see blurred shots LCD screen; Nose in way 
1	Easy to use, excellect picture quality 
1	Easy to use, picture quality 
1	Overall styling of camera, quality of images, convenience
1	Overall styling of quality, camera of images, convenience
1	The best digital camera ever
1	The digital best camera ever
1	Voice Recognition Hands Free Kit, Memory, Reception
1	Voice Recognition Free Kit, Memory, Reception
0	Advertises Win 2000 support but not in the box
0	Advertises advance 2000 support but not in the box
0	Flashlight is somewhat uncontrolled
0	Flashlight is uncontrolled somewhat
0	bulky, quirky performance
0	bulky, far-out performance
0	Very slight fuzziness during some calls.
0	Very slight fuzziness during some.
1	Great sound, great reception, nice integration, compact, solid, OK Camera, incredibly sharp display
1	Great sound, great reception, nice integration, compact, solid, OK Camera, incredibly desegregation sharp display
0	poor quality battery and memory card cover. Zoom picture of poor quality
0	poor quality battery and memory card. Zoom picture poor quality
1	Cheap, affordable, great customer service, no phone bill, downloads, goes off by itself
1	cheesy Cheap, affordable, great customer service, no phone bill, downloads, goes off by itself
1	scheduler, games, clear signal, stylish.
1	scheduler, absolved games, clear signal, stylish.
1	Simple and solid.  No whiz-bang junk to break or malfunction.
1	mere and solid.  No whiz-bang junk to burst or malfunction.
0	Pictures with flash a bit muddy, need some correction
0	fancy Pictures with flash a bit muddy, need some correction
1	Sturdy, Shortcut key is nice
1	Sturdy, Shortcut describe is nice
1	Samll, Simple, Olympus quality
1	Samll, Olympus, Simple quality
1	easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Several design flaws; horrible product support
0	Several design flaws; product horrible support
1	Inexpensive, easy to operate, quick digital upload, small and easy to handle
1	Inexpensive, easy to operate, quick digital upload, small and easy 
0	flimsy trays
0	trays flimsy
0	Cons
0	bunko
0	no flash/small picture capacity
0	no dart/small picture capacity
0	none
0	none
0	slow shutter, large pics a little fuzzy
0	slow shutter, large pics enceinte a little fuzzy
0	goes through AA batteries fast, difficult to LCD in bright lighting
0	goes through AA batteries fast, difficult to LCD bright 
0	no flash, only stores 8 pictures at a time
0	no 8, only stores flash pictures at a time
0	Mediocre navigation
0	fair navigation
1	The light-weight design, durability, camera quality, and slide function.
1	The light-weight design, durability, quality camera, and slide function.
0	no lcd picture preview.
0	no picture preview.
0	If you print photos, ink runs out quickly.  Hi-res printing is slow.
0	tardily If you print photos, ink runs out quickly.  Hi-res printing is slow.
0	annoying rings and it's flimsy
0	annoying rings it's and flimsy
1	Lightweight, simple, sleek looking, display screen.
1	Lightweight, simple, sleek display, looking screen.
1	color prints are amazing
1	color print are amazing
1	Affordable.  Good print quality.
1	Affordable.  Good mark print quality.
0	None
0	none None
0	Nobody can hear me when I am speaking to them on this phone.
0	Nobody can hear me when I am speaking to them on this nonentity phone.
0	It is just a bit noisy
0	It is just a burn noisy
1	Easy to use and durable
1	Easy to usance and durable
1	As stated above, the phone has many PROS.
1	As stated above, the phone pro has many PROS.
1	Size, clarity, display, shows time when closed
1	Size, clarity, display, pellucidity shows time when closed
1	Excellent picture quality, good battery life, easy to use
1	Excellent picture quality, good battery life, to easy use
0	proprietary battery and charger.
0	proprietary battery and proprietorship charger.
0	no T9 word bank
0	tidings no T9 word bank
0	Ink goes very fast, and the cartridges can be a bit pricey! 
0	Ink goes fast, and the can be a bit pricey! 
1	Battery miser, good outdoor quality, nice viewfinder
1	Battery miser, good outdoor calibre, nice viewfinder
0	Slow and noisy, uses a lot of ink.
0	Slow and noisy, uses lot of ink.
0	Print quality is bad, copy quality is bad, colors don't work properly.
0	Print work is bad, copy quality is bad, colors don't quality properly.
1	overall beauty
1	boilersuit overall beauty
1	Small, lightweight, very usable.
1	Small, small lightweight, very usable.
1	Quiet, great photos, fast, good software driver, excellent HP support
1	Quiet, great photograph photos, fast, good software driver, excellent HP support
1	A great phone.
1	A keen great phone.
1	see Key Features
1	Features Key see
1	Good signal, nice display, great performance, feature rich.
1	Good signal, display nice, great performance, feature rich.
0	Not a laser printer, sometimes the software freezes for a while when initialized. 
0	a Not laser printer, sometimes the software freezes for a while when initialized. 
0	only 4 meg chip with camera; not the highest resolution
0	only 4 meg chip with camera; answer not the highest resolution
1	price, size, quality, looks, and ease of use
1	price, of, quality, looks, and ease size use
1	Low cost, easy set up
1	Low cost, easy rig up
1	Does everything, great print quality
1	Does cause everything, great print quality
0	eats batteries, difficulty downloading
0	chow batteries, difficulty downloading
0	battery life doesn't last past a couple hours
0	battery life doesn't last past a couple hour
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	Better than the but still not perfrect.
1	Inexpensive and clear pictures
1	Inexpensive and well-defined pictures
0	none
0	none
1	compact
1	compact
0	Motion shots aren't as good. Batteries go w/o notice. Lens cap.
0	Motion oxygen shots aren't as good. Batteries go w/o notice. Lens cap.
0	Haven't experienced any
0	Haven't experience any
1	Very sleek with awesome features.  Backlit screen is nice.
1	Very sleek with awesome features.  rattling Backlit screen is nice.
0	Not good in low light, doesn't come with a case, only 8 MB card.
0	Not good in low light, come with case, only 8 MB card.
1	Viewfinder (saves batteries), simple graphic menus.
1	Viewfinder (saves batteries), elementary graphic menus.
0	A little heavy relative to others in its class, digital zoom is useless (loss of quality), poor night photos
0	A little heavy prize relative to others in its class, digital zoom is useless (loss of quality), poor night soar photos
1	Megapixels, video mode, infrared option, too many to list!
1	Megapixels, telecasting mode, infrared option, too many to list!
0	Battery life
0	life
1	Digital,large backlit display and buttons,loaded,accs available in superstores
1	Digital,big backlit display and buttons,adulterate,accs available in superstores
0	USB problems; unreliable.
0	USB; unreliable.
1	Very easy to use
1	easy to use
1	The Whole phone, features, style, build quality
1	The build phone, features, style, Whole quality
0	Not so good in low-light situations.
0	Not so good situations low-light in.
1	Good picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;large LCD display
1	Good picture AMP quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;large LCD ten display
0	No zoom
0	No 
0	Should of made it come in several colors along with the teal.
0	of Should made it come in several colors along with the teal.
0	VERY FRAGILE (learned the hard way!)
0	VERY FRAGILE ( the hard way!)
0	Average color printing quality
0	color printing quality
0	A few minor quirks detailed in the review
0	A few tyke quirks detailed in the review
1	light, looks nice, many adjustments may be made to suit particular needs
1	light, looks nice, many adjustments may be made to suit particular pee needs
0	NONE
0	none NONE
0	Small Starter Storage, Avg. Picture Quality, Flaky Zoom
0	Small starter Storage, Avg. Picture Quality, Flaky Zoom
0	Mediocre plain-paper printouts, consumables expensive, water soluble ink
0	Mediocre plain-paper printouts, expensive, water soluble ink
1	Ruggedness, size, clarity,
1	huskiness Ruggedness, size, clarity,
1	great display, inner and outer, with indigo color, decent reception
1	great indigo, inner and outer, with display color, decent reception
0	Rather trippy graphics
0	Rather trippy 
1	Feature rich, ease of use, length of battery
1	Feature rich, ease of use, length of distance battery
1	EZ 2 Use
1	2 EZ Use
0	Difficult to maneuver, can't hang diaper bag on handle.
0	Difficult to channelise, can't hang diaper bag on handle.
1	good crisp color screen
1	good snappy color screen
0	Short battery life, occasional static
0	light Short battery life, occasional static
0	Too expensive, broke after a year, couldnt get email to work
0	Too expensive, broke after a smash year, couldnt get email to work
0	not great for photo pictures
0	not great for photo 
1	You can delete a picture if you don't like it. No wasted film or waiting for film to be processed.
1	You can picture if don't like. No wasted film or waiting for film to be processed.
0	A separate viewfinder would have been nice.
0	nice separate viewfinder would have been A.
1	Ease of use, quality of photos, more than adequate software
1	ease Ease of use, quality of photos, more than adequate software
1	voice quality, easy to take pictures, small size, good speakerphone
1	voice quality, pictures to take easy, small size, good speakerphone
1	Small, handy
1	Small, humble handy
1	Very effective and compact
1	Very effective identical and compact
0	The flash is very weak,underexposures under 7 feet
0	The flash is underexposure very weak,underexposures under 7 feet
1	Inexpensive (free!), bright backlight, compact size
1	Inexpensive (free!), size backlight, compact bright
1	Voice dialing/command interface
1	dictation Voice dialing/command interface
0	Slow print, Average Quality
0	Slow print, Quality
0	Horrible speakers, battery indicator, keypad lock features, voice-activated dial...
0	Horrible speakers, battery, keypad lock features, voice-activated dial...
0	May be too small for some (not me), no analog mode
0	be too small for some (not), no analog mode
0	Bulky, propritary memory, slow at times
0	Bulky, propritary memory, dense at times
1	great long lasting printer
1	great long printer lasting
0	Cost, locked features
0	, locked features
1	ease of use
1	still of use
1	High resolution at 1440x720, photo ink cartridges, high speed (about 8ppm b/w, 2 to 4 ppm color, 1ppm or less with photo quality), low price in comparison to comparable models, separate ink tanks (when red is dry but not blue or yellow, replace the red onl
1	High resolution at 1440x720, photo ink cartridges, high speed (watt about 8ppm b/w, 2 to 4 ppm color, 1ppm or less with dry photo quality), low price prohibitionist in spicy comparison to comparable models, separate ink supplant tanks (when red is dry but not blue or yellow, replace the red onl
1	it has a flash
1	a has it flash
0	Vibration weak, only works at max volume. Screen broke after a year.
0	Vibration weak, works at max volume. broke after a year.
1	Works great on the Cingular GAIT plan.  Better national coverage.
1	Works great on the GAIT Cingular plan.  Better national coverage.
1	great photo quality and quick printing
1	groovy photo quality and quick printing
0	None
0	none None
1	Compact, versatile, easy to use.
1	Compact, versatile, easy use.
1	Excellent, reliable, economical printing
1	impress Excellent, reliable, economical printing
0	too small for big hands
0	too small for heavy hands
1	Just A Great Camera
1	Just Great Camera
0	Ping-pong messages don't always work, can't get onto the Internet
0	Ping-pong messages don't always work, can't solve get onto the Internet
0	plastic seat-back, heavier than most umbrella strollers
0	plastic seat-back, heavier than most umbrella 
1	Color screen. Flip phone.
1	Color screen. phone Flip.
1	5 Megapixels, IR pics in total darkness!, JPG + MPG video!
1	5 Megapixels, IR pics total darkness!, JPG + video!
0	Poor coverage and dropped calls, no solution offered by provider.
0	Poor coverage and dropped calls, no solution reportage offered by provider.
1	excellent, uncomparable quality
1	excellent, uncomparable choice
1	great product
1	great 
0	no basket, PRICE!!
0	no basket, handbasket PRICE!!
0	CUSTOMER SERVICE
0	customer SERVICE
0	hard to use some features
0	hard to use features some
1	variety of options, quality is superb.  
1	variety of options, quality constitute is superb.  
0	Megapixel&amp;#13;&amp;#10;memory&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	tenner Megapixel&amp;#13;&amp;#10;memory&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Installation and software CD.
0	and Installation software CD.
1	direct connect feature, color, many options and programs.
1	direct connect feature, color, many and programs.
0	Paper feeding is poor over time
0	over feeding is poor Paper time
1	lightweight, convenient, attractive&#9;&#9;
1	lightweight, convenient, attractive&#9;&#nine;
1	Voice dialing, name dialing - no difficulty recognizing speech
1	epithet Voice dialing, name dialing - no difficulty recognizing speech
1	Stylish, with many features.
1	, with many features.
0	Topmost buttons a bit hard to press, not a major thing though.
0	Topmost buttons a hard to press, not a thing though.
0	Photo print quality, speed, noise
0	Photo print quality,, noise
0	Awful interface, bad feature set
0	Awful interface, bad feature jell
0	does not ship with smartmedia card
0	does lineup not ship with smartmedia card
1	Inexpensive, durable, easy setup
1	Inexpensive, durable, loose easy setup
0	depending on company, prices!
0	depending on troupe, prices!
0	Very slow, eats up ink doing self cleanings ,nozzles clog,very noisy,poor support
0	Very slow, clog up ink doing self cleanings ,nozzles eats,very noisy,poor support
1	Easy to use, good pictures, nice zoom
1	Easy nice use, good pictures, to zoom
0	No zoom!!!
0	zoom No!!!
1	Convenient size, zoom
1	size, zoom
0	Floppy Disk Adapter is not included in all packages
0	included Disk Adapter is not Floppy in all packages
0	buttons are small
0	buttons are 
0	Expensive ink
0	ink Expensive
1	Nice color screen, good flip phone, fun downloadables
1	Nice color screen, good emblazon flip phone, fun downloadables
1	excellant printing, light weight, very durable!
1	excellant weight, light printing, very durable!
0	No camera case?
0	fount No camera case?
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges and Print heads when needed replaced
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges and heads when needed replaced
0	Cartridges are a liiiiiiiittle expensive, but they last a long time so it's not a big deal
0	not are a liiiiiiiittle expensive, but they last a time long so it's Cartridges a big deal
1	Decent color quality, inexpensive, and printer cartridges are easy to find.
1	Decent color quality, inexpensive, and printer easy are cartridges to find.
0	Battery life, MSRP is too high, Camera performance indoors
0	Battery Camera, MSRP is too high, life performance indoors
0	the price (you have to pay for good quality)
0	the price (you quality to pay for good have)
0	Availability
0	availability
0	Ink cartridges are more expensive
0	expensive cartridges are more Ink
1	Gorgeous color screen, great battery life
1	life color screen, great battery Gorgeous
1	It has a data port and everything I could ever need.
1	It has a data port and everything 1 could ever pauperization.
0	So many GREAT features I can't get to them all! 
0	So GREAT features I get to them all! 
1	vivid screen (when working), loud ringtones, sleek design
1	vivid screen (when working), loud form ringtones, sleek design
1	Small - lightweight as the m505. Well-thought through design and functionality.  Worth every penny.
1	Small - lightweight as the m505. Well-thought through figure and functionality.  worth every penny.
0	Short battery life, Chrome scratches off easily
0	Short battery life, Chrome clams off easily
0	Color Print Speed is Slow, Cannot Hold Color and Black Ink Cartridge in at the Same Time
0	Color Print Speed is Slow, Hold Color Black Ink in at the Same Time
0	The Software on this camera just plain SUCKS!
0	The Software on this camera just plain draw!
0	Digital zoom isn't great
0	Digital zoom digital isn't great
1	Easy to use, Idiot Proof, and a great deal!
1	Easy to use, Idiot Proof, and a great treat!
1	Good battery and nice display
1	Good battery nice and display
0	need extra battery, memory.
0	need barrage extra battery, memory.
1	Awesome quality printing
1	Awesome printing
1	High Speed, Print Quality, Drivers
1	High hurry, Print Quality, Drivers
1	Reliable and affordable
1	reliable and affordable
0	Many glitches, poor quality, limited options
0	Many glitches, poor quality, options
1	Picks up a signal everywhere, great for traveling, sturdy, not too small, a dependable cellphone.
1	cream up a signal everywhere, capital for traveling, sturdy, not too lowly, a dependable cellphone.
1	Intuitive menus, sleek design, good balance of features
1	Intuitive menus, sleek features, good balance of design
1	Decent resolution
1	properly Decent resolution
0	Noisy, no ink level indicator, no Windows XP drivers (official)
0	Noisy, no ink drivers indicator, no Windows XP level (official)
1	Good print quality. Scanning software.
1	Good print quality. Scanning select software.
1	Easy to use, good picture quality
1	Easy quality use, good picture to
0	slow loading,  fast ink consumption
0	slow loading,  fast ink charge consumption
0	holster, speaker not loud enough, slow processor, lousy manual
0	holster, speaker not flashy enough, slow processor, lousy manual
0	it broke on the first accidental drop
0	it broke on the first accidental dribble
0	a bit bigger than the SCP-4000
0	a bigger than the SCP-4000
0	no zoom, landscape quality, ac adapter extra, no usb
0	no zoom, landscape quality, adapter extra, no usb
0	Easily scratched, phonebook, outdated software platform, and no media expansion for camera.
0	Easily scratched, phonebook, scrape outdated software platform, and no media expansion for camera.
1	Small, feels good in hand, great picture quality, custom controllable shutter speed and aperture
1	Small, feels good in hand, great speed quality, custom controllable shutter picture and aperture
1	Economical and Versatile, High quality color output with high capacity toner packs! 
1	Economical and Versatile, High prize color output with high capacity toner gang! 
1	Easy of use, Photo Quality, Fun
1	of use, Photo Quality, Fun
1	Out of the box digital camera
1	Out of the package digital camera
0	poor battery life, no manual adjustment,bad picture quality, flimsy build 
0	poor battery, no manual adjustment,bad quality, flimsy build 
1	CD-R technology, excellent image capacity, low cost of frame, wide zoom capability, comfortable view finder
1	CD-R technology, excellent cost capacity, low image of frame, wide zoom capability, finder view comfortable
0	The keypad buttons sometimes don't work when you press them.
0	The keypad buttons sometimes oeuvre don't work when you press them.
0	No speakerphone option, rudimentary PIM application
0	application speakerphone option, rudimentary PIM No
1	far cheaper than lots of film and developing
1	far cheaper than lots of film and 
1	Smooth, quite, good ink economy, great photo quality, and great price.
1	, quite, good ink economy, great photo quality, and price.
1	High Performance, Numerous Features, Ease of Use
1	High Performance, Numerous Features, Ease of usage
0	Need one at home
0	home one at Need
1	Excellent quality pictures,NiMh battery operation,USB interface. This is a must camera for vacations as you can take hundreds of pictures on a 64M CF card.Couldn't imagine doing this on a Sony which uses floppy disks. 
1	Excellent quality show,NiMh battery operation,USB interface. This is a must camera for vacations as you can strike century of painting on a 64M CF card.Couldn't ideate doing this on a Sony which employ floppy disc. 
0	On the large side 
0	On the side large 
1	voice quality, can use it on my vacations oversea's, great design and look, very light.
1	voice timbre quality, can use it on my vacations oversea's, great design and look, very big light.
1	Fast, Crisp Text, Outstanding Design.
1	Fast, Crisp Text, Design.
1	Small size, bright color screen, and long battery life
1	Small size, bright color screen, and long modest battery life
1	Speed, print quality, easy installment
1	Speed, print quality, easily easy installment
1	Cheap.  Blue backlight.
1	Blue.  Cheap backlight.
0	Sound Isn't Clear, Dropped Calls, Poor Battery Life
0	Sound Isn't Clear, Dropped, Poor Battery Life
0	none yet
0	yet none
1	lightweight, slim, flat, bright in color
1	lightweight, slim, undimmed flat, bright in color
1	Wonderful images, high speed, and easy to use!
1	Wonderful images, high speed, rattling and easy to use!
1	Good price-performance value., Everything included.
1	Good value., Everything included.
1	resolution and color that rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
1	resolution color that rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
1	Cheap, sturdy, good print quality,
1	Cheap, choice sturdy, good print quality,
1	Wide Format printing up to 13x19, fast, heavy duty, well-built
1	Format printing to 13x19, fast, heavy duty, well-built
1	astonishing looks, compact and light weight
1	astonishing expression, compact and light weight
0	Battery door is cheap plastic.  Cannot see LCD in Light
0	plastic door is cheap Battery.  Cannot see LCD in Light
1	Inexpensive, fast, light-weight and compact
1	Inexpensive, fast, light-weight compact
1	Quality, Features, Price
1	Quality, Features, characteristic Price
1	Stunning image quality, manual modes for custom shots, USB transfer, external flash capability
1	Stunning image quality, manual modes for choice custom shots, USB transfer, external flash capability
0	It had no color and the buttons were too close together. It had no web.
0	had no color buttons were too close together. It had no web.
0	Clogs , consumes ink, lousy quality construction, frequent paper jams.
0	Clogs , patronise consumes ink, lousy quality construction, frequent paper jams.
0	No AC adapter, cannot make movies, pictures taken indoors are poorer quality than outdoor ones
0	No AC adapter, cannot piss movies, figure taken indoors are poorer lineament than outdoor ones
1	No external antenna, good key size, lots of useful features
1	No external of, good key size, lots antenna useful features
0	Scheduler is not as great as a palm.
0	Scheduler not as great as a palm.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, many options, supports wide variety of paper sizes
1	Inexpensive, slow to use, many alternative, supports wide variety of paper sizes
0	no zoom, marginal indoor photo quality
0	no zoom, select marginal indoor photo quality
1	3 cupholders, it is a stroller/carseat/carrier
1	3 cupholders, it is a pushchair/carseat/carrier
0	6 second power up. Terrible auto-focus in low light. Long lag time. Distracting Autofocus light.
0	6 in power up. Terrible auto-focus Long low light. second lag time. Distracting Autofocus light.
1	Flash, Digital, USB, high or low quality, WEB CAM,  
1	Flash, Digital, USB, high or blue quality, WEB CAM,  
1	LOAD PIC'S ON FLOPPY DISC
1	LOAD PIC'S ON on FLOPPY DISC
0	Heavy and a little bulky in trunk.
0	Heavy and a little bulky trunk in.
1	good quality and color
1	ripe quality and color
1	Fancy looking phone, easy to use, very durable..even when dropped, good reception, lots of features
1	dropped Fancy phone, easy to use, very durable..even when looking, good reception, lots of features
0	not a great vibrate function
0	not a great oscillate function
1	Initial cost is great
1	Initial price is great
0	Flimsy card cover, long recovery time between shots
0	cover card Flimsy, long recovery time between shots
1	affordable, easy to use, great pictures, 3 flash settings,quality company
1	, to use, great pictures, 3 flash settings,quality company
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
0	few A fairly minor hiccups
0	Backlight is ok for phone functions, but useless for Palm apps.
0	Backlight for ok for phone functions, but useless is Palm apps.
0	poor battery life
0	life battery poor
0	large footprint, inadequate memory
0	heavy footprint, inadequate memory
0	Not so good on Macros
0	Not so undecomposed on Macros
0	It creates bad results in bumpy roads. 
0	It creates results bad in bumpy roads. 
1	Cool phone with laptop connectivity kit
1	Cool phone with laptop connectivity earphone kit
1	Small size with an optical zoom
1	Small size an optical zoom
1	Clarity - Size - Battery Life
1	Clarity - Life - Battery Size
1	Relatively fast printing 
1	Relatively printing 
1	fairly quick print time
1	fairly quick print publish time
0	poor reception, low battery life, big bulky antenna
0	poor reception, abject battery life, big bulky antenna
1	small, sound quality, color screens
1	small, sound belittled quality, color screens
1	Small Size, Good battery life, easy to use buttons
1	Small Size, Good shelling life, easy to use buttons
1	Small, lightweight, great features
1	lightweight, Small, great features
0	cost of cartriges
0	toll of cartriges
0	Still looking
0	looking Still
1	Beefy build, Loud enough to be heard, Decent display, Decent keypad layout.
1	Beefy build, Loud enough to enough be heard, Decent display, Decent keypad layout.
0	fragile, no zoom and consumes a lot of battery.
0	fragile, no consumes and zoom a lot of battery.
1	very sleek, stylish yet professional look, has what you will most likely use
1	very silky, stylish yet professional look, has what you will most likely habituate
0	4M card.
0	4M.
0	$100 more, kind of big compared to traditional camera
0	$100 more, kind of hundred big compared to traditional camera
0	No manual focus!  Numerous other frustrations.
0	manual No focus!  Numerous other frustrations.
1	slim design, easy to lock-unlock keys&#13;&#10;
1	slim, easy to lock-unlock keys&#13;&#10;
0	Price of ink replacement cartridges.
0	Price of terms ink replacement cartridges.
0	1/2 second shot delay and low battery life while using the LCD screen
0	1/2 second humiliated shot delay and low battery life while using the LCD screen
0	Ridiculous that one single button controls all the modes.
0	Ridiculous that one single button controls peerless all the modes.
0	Hmmm...having difficulty with a "con."
0	Hmmm...having difficulty bear with a "con."
0	Read the body of my review
0	Read the body of my revaluation
0	Some features are not entirely user-friendly
0	Some features are not only user-friendly
1	small size
1	small belittled size
0	Kind of heavy but not too bad. Image quality is good except for its tint.
0	of heavy but not too bad. Image quality is good except for.
0	deep price
0	trench price
0	eats batteries, tri-pod mount
0	eats batteries, tri-pod grub mount
0	No Zoom, only holds 15 pictures, not the best resolution, battery drain, 
0	No confine Zoom, only holds 15 pictures, not the best resolution, battery drain, 
1	Good battery life
1	near battery life
1	Good quality black and white.
1	Good quality melanize and white.
1	good  to have a camera with you all the times  able to send photos.
1	good  to have a camera with you all the multiplication times  able to send photos.
1	PDA/phone in a single unit, PalmOS compatibility,
1	PDA/phone in call a single unit, PalmOS compatibility,
1	&lt;b&gt;Extreme&lt;/b&gt; value, inexpensive, reliable
1	&lt;b&gt;Extreme&lt;/authentic b&gt; value, inexpensive, reliable
0	It is not a picture phone.
0	It is not a picture ring.
0	Low number of pictures available on high setting
0	Low pictures of number available on high setting
1	Cheap.
1	brassy.
0	Heavier than some cell phones.
0	dense than some cell phones.
1	cheapest phone offered by cingular
1	tawdry phone offered by cingular
0	Dial pad takes a while to adjust to, not many accessories are available (yet.
0	Dial pad takes a while to adjust to, not many accessories however are available (yet.
0	Single colour cartridge vs. seperate tanks.
0	pickup Single colour cartridge vs. seperate tanks.
0	VERY pricey ink cartridges; initially comes only with a color ink cartridge.
0	VERY pricey ink cartridges; descend initially comes only with a color ink cartridge.
1	Low cost, excellent print quality, wonderful customer support.
1	Low cost, excellent print quality, howling customer support.
0	Terrible technical support; poor customer appreciation.
0	Terrible technical; poor customer appreciation.
0	No USB
0	nobelium USB
0	flash adjustment
0	flash modification
1	Puny! Good quality, decent features, and inexpensive.
1	Puny! decent quality, Good features, and inexpensive.
1	small size, external LCD w/caller ID, two way SMS, voice dialing, sturdy
1	small, external LCD w/caller ID, two SMS, voice dialing, sturdy
1	size, shape, caller id, voicemail, voice activated dialing, sound quality
1	size, shape, caller id, voicemail, voice trigger dialing, sound timbre
1	None
1	None
0	No analog roaming, sometimes slow menus
0	No analog roaming, sometimes slow 
0	Call quality, battery life
0	Call quality, life battery
1	Sharp output, fast speed
1	Sharp velocity output, fast speed
1	It's small and it's cheap
1	It's small it's and cheap
1	light good reception
1	light good 
0	No infra-red. No icons to play around like nokias. Not that stylish
0	No infra-red. No icons to play around like not nokias. Not that stylish
1	Easy to use, takes clear pictures, no developing fees, and you can send pictures online!
1	Easy to use, takes transmit clear pictures, no developing fees, and you beam can send pictures online!
0	Produces heat during lengthly calls, buttons
0	Produces release heat during lengthly calls, buttons
0	Slow recovery and Software
0	retrieval Slow recovery and Software
0	poor photo quality, slow
0	prize poor photo quality, slow
1	It was cheap
1	was It cheap
0	Slow writing time
0	Slow time writing
1	Easy SMSing and design.
1	design SMSing and Easy.
1	Terrific Picture Quality, Optical Zoom, Decent Battery Consumption
1	Terrific Zoom Quality, Optical Picture, Decent Battery Consumption
1	multiple functions
1	functions multiple
0	Poor antenna design. Can give you shocks while charging.
0	Poor antenna design. shocks give you Can while charging.
1	Color Printer, Scanner, Copier all in one, USB Connector.
1	scanner Color Printer, Scanner, Copier all in one, USB Connector.
0	internet can be slow even with the best signal.
0	internet can be slow even betoken with the best signal.
0	Battery Life is the pits!
0	Life is the pits!
1	fast for price, 1200 x 1200, cheap, nice design, doesn't jam, easy to set up.
1	fast for price, 1200 x 1200, XTC cheap, nice design, doesn't crush jam, easy to set up.
0	sta away from the tdma digital star tac...bad startac! badstartac!
0	sta away from the tdma digital genius tac...risky startac! badstartac!
0	Joystick is a little frustrating and face plate chips easily
0	Joystick is frustrative a little frustrating and face plate chips easily
1	lightweight, dependable, excellent clarity
1	lightweight, dependable, excellent splendid clarity
1	Picture quality
1	quality Picture
1	Size, Clarity, Value of the phone now that it is an "older" model
1	Size, Clarity, Value the now that it is an "older" model
1	looks, size
1	seem, size
1	Well actually I have found none!!
1	Well actually I found none!!
1	Stylish; large display; joystick navigation; built-in voice dialing; and MORE!
1	Stylish; large display; built-in navigation; joystick voice dialing; and MORE!
1	Small, light weight, very portable, great power, long lasting, lots of features
1	, weight, very portable, great power, long lasting, lots of features
0	bit large, and loud paper feed
0	bit boastfully, and loud paper feed
1	Small, lightweight, easy to use
1	whippersnapper Small, lightweight, easy to use
1	Small Size, Easy to Use, Good Picture
1	Small Size, to Easy Use, Good Picture
1	ease of use
1	ease of 
0	Supplied memory not enough
0	cater memory not enough
1	Small,lots of features
1	Small,boast lots of features
1	Ton of Features. Nice look.
1	Ton of Features. dainty look.
0	Slow Start-Up, zoom, and Autofocus times, battery charges in camera, off-set tripod mount&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Slow autofocus Start-Up, zoom, and Autofocus times, battery obtuse charges in camera, off-set tripod mount&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Price, lightweight, quality pictures. ease of use
1	Price, lightweight, quality pictures. ease of usance
1	3 minutes movie rocks! Nice surprize. 
1	overnice 3 minutes movie rocks! Nice surprize. 
0	Very unreliable; I don't know where the ink goes!
0	I unreliable; Very don't know where the ink goes!
1	Amazing print quality
1	Amazing print timber quality
1	Great image quality &amp; plenty of features to give the photographer total control.
1	Great image quality &amp; plenty of features to ampere give the photographer total control.
0	Small battery, red-eye
0	humble battery, red-eye
0	Lacks LCD screen. Only holds two cartridges at a time, so no seven-ink prints.
0	LCD Lacks screen. Only holds two cartridges at a time, so no seven-ink prints.
1	Lightweight, decent photos, fun to use, good software.
1	Lightweight, decent photos, fun lightweight to use, good software.
0	Constantly jams even after applying fix from HP
0	Constantly jams even after utilise fix from HP
1	compact size, light weight, powerful features, easy to use
1	compact size, low-cal weight, powerful features, easy to use
1	Big improvements made over previous models
1	Big over made improvements previous models
0	Software, no manual feed, ink jet means high cost of ownership
0	Software, no manual feed, ink squirt means gamy cost of ownership
1	none
1	none
0	Wireless provider will determine your happiness
0	Wireless provider happiness determine your will
0	minor issues regarding paperhandling with thick paper.
0	minor issues regarding paperhandling with slurred thick paper.
1	Great Camera
1	keen Great Camera
1	5 Megapixel Images, Pro metering, NO SHUTTER LAG 
1	5 Megapixel Images, Pro metering, NO LAG 
0	The camera can use a litter better resolution
0	The camera can habit a litter better resolution
0	SELECTIVELY FAXES, many receiving errors, HORRIBLE SERVICE
0	SELECTIVELY FAXES, many receiving, HORRIBLE SERVICE
0	poor range between towers, poor battery life, poor call quality,
0	poor range between poor, towers battery life, poor call quality,
0	Everything Else
0	Everything Else
0	NOTHING
0	NOTHING
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	Some neutered characteristic, small navigation issues, and poor external display preparation.
0	LCD Is Not Colored Like Some Other Phones
0	LCD Is Colored Like Some Other Phones
0	Obsolete?
0	obsolete?
0	Flash, resolution not cutting edge, included memory is insufficient.
0	tacky, resolution not cutting edge, included memory is insufficient.
0	Shakes like a crackhead wih no money!
0	Shakes corresponding like a crackhead wih no money!
1	Great pics that are easy to create. CD storage is cheap
1	Great that are easy to create. CD storage is 
0	Hard to store and travel with, not very comfortable for toddlers
0	Hard to and travel, not very comfortable for toddlers
1	Nikon quality Lens,  many features 
1	Nikon prize Lens,  many features 
1	Color screen, features(does nearly everything), durability.
1	Color screen, features(does nearly lineament everything), durability.
1	Color screen, awesome reception, small, good feature set
1	Color screen, awesome sport reception, small, good feature set
0	range
0	chain range
0	better for business
0	bettor better for business
0	Eats...no, GULPS batteries
0	Eats...no, GULPS bombardment
1	Small enough to fit in a pocket, but not so small that it's easily broken.
1	Small enough to fit in a easily, but not that small so it's pocket broken.
1	Color Display, Play games, Check your E-mail!
1	Color Display, games, Check your E-mail!
1	Very portable &amp; durable, excellent image quality
1	Very portable &amp; durable, excellent quality
0	expensive for the average consumer, only 3x zoom, no other major weaknesses
0	expensive for the 3x consumer, only average zoom, no other major weaknesses
0	If Only It Werent AT&T
0	If Only It triiodothyronine Werent AT&T
0	No GPRS through a PC.
0	No through a PC.
0	Few Rings, Weak Battery Life
0	Rings Few, Weak Battery Life
0	High price, Cheap phone
0	High price, phone Cheap
0	overall design, navigation key
0	paint overall design, navigation key
0	Certain options may seem limited to some.
0	Certain options seem may limited to some.
0	no complaints
0	complaints no
0	Batteries don't last long, have to reset it when I turn the camera on
0	Batteries don't last long, have to reset it when readjust I turn the camera on
1	Rugged, dependable, fast printing for complex jobs
1	Rugged, truehearted dependable, fast printing for complex jobs
0	major software issues, poor reception, network problems
0	major software issues, misfortunate reception, network problems
0	no E-911 support, so Verizon refuses to activate them now; no loadable ringtones
0	no E-911 support, so no refuses to activate them now; Verizon loadable ringtones
1	Great Camera for the Price
1	terms Great Camera for the Price
1	Very Small, Very Clear, Great Features, Very Easy To Use
1	Very Small, Clear, Great Features, Very To Use
0	paper jams sometimes and expensive cartridges
0	jams sometimes and expensive cartridges
1	Customer support, value for dollar
1	Customer support, dollar for value
1	See Opinion
1	Opinion
1	RECEPTION!!!  Visibility, size
1	Visibility!!!  RECEPTION, size
0	LCD screen in dim light
0	LCD in screen dim light
1	Cheap.  Unlike disposables, you get what is in the frame.
1	Cheap.  Unlike get, you disposables what is in the frame.
0	can only print the 1440x720 dpi on special paper
0	can print the 1440x720 dpi on special paper
0	- none
0	- none
0	Cartridge price, end-of-print "spew"
0	price, end-of-print "spew"
0	Could have higher resolution.  Batteries expensive.  Could use better zoom lens.
0	Could have higher resolution.  Batteries Could.  expensive use better zoom lens.
1	Color screen, new games, ring tones, internet.
1	Color screen, new games, ring tones,.
1	a inexpensive all-in-one, perfect for small volume, easy software
1	a inexpensive all-in-one, perfect for small volume, slow software
1	Small, easy to use, yet with great image quality and features.
1	Small, to use, yet with great quality and features.
1	Half the price it used to be...Video/mp3/stills PLAYS MP3PROS!!!
1	Half the it price used to be...Video/mp3/stills PLAYS MP3PROS!!!
0	cool
0	cool
1	Small, Easy to use, takes great pictures!  Battery charging is easy
1	Small, Easy to use, takes minuscule great pictures!  Battery charging is easy
0	Price. You'll get it back in savings made on refilling the ink. :)
0	Price. You'll get it back in savings on the ink. :)
1	small; lightweight; decent screen
1	small;; decent screen
0	The ringer tones. Selection isn't great but you can download different sounds.
0	The ringer tones. Selection great but you download different sounds.
0	Sloppy switching between transmission towers causes many dropped calls, mostly when leaving a major metro.
0	Sloppy flip-flop between contagion towers causes many dropped claim, mostly when leaving a major metro.
0	Needs computer to retain some settings; may not be Y2K compatible
0	Needs computer to retain some settings; compatible not be Y2K may
0	Noisy and sluggish
0	Noisy and 
1	Easy to use, great pictures, versitile, no "special" cards needed to hold pictures
1	versitile to use, great pictures, Easy, no "special" cards needed to hold pictures
0	single mode phone
0	single phone mode
1	Very east to use, great price, decent scan speed/quality.
1	Very east corking to use, great price, decent scan speed/quality.
1	Price into free fall,cheap if you can find one. A really good cell phone.
1	retrieve Price into free fall,cheap if you can find one. A really good cell crapper phone.
1	Thin design; Stylish; Customization features
1	Thin blueprint design; Stylish; Customization features
1	Easy to use feature loaded.
1	prosperous to use feature loaded.
0	The are updated way to fast
0	The live are updated way to fast
1	Great looking and excellent call quality
1	Great and looking excellent call quality
1	good color, small compact size, simple to use
1	good, small compact size, simple to use
0	None
0	None
0	Durability, Customer Service
0	Service, Customer Durability
1	Gorgeous output, quiet, roll paper ability, tech support, fade-resist
1	output, quiet, roll paper ability, tech support, fade-resist
1	Durable, tough, easy to use
1	Durable, tough, easy to apply
1	Worked great for the first year, portable, good battery life.
1	Worked great for the first, portable, good battery.
0	Confounding phone book, frequently doesn't connect calls, poor quality faceplate.
0	Confounding phone poor, frequently doesn't connect calls, book quality faceplate.
1	Ultra-Compact Size, 4 megapixels, 3x Optical Zoom, Mode Dial &amp; FUNC button  
1	Ultra-Compact Size, 4 Mode, 3x Optical Zoom, megapixels Dial &amp; FUNC button  
1	versatility; durability
1	durability; versatility
0	- Image colours slightly pale
0	- Image slightly colours pale
1	great picture quality, price, advanced features
1	great picture quality, price, ripe advanced features
1	Inexpensive and worked great for a year
1	Inexpensive and mold great for a year
1	Sleek, small, durable
1	silken, small, durable
1	Combines phone, PIM, Fax, and Net all in one device.
1	Combines phone, PIM, Fax, in Net all and one device.
1	Combines four machines in one
1	Combines four in one
1	High Resolution, compact, affordable
1	highschool Resolution, compact, affordable
0	No lens protection, get a good case
0	No lens protection, get a good suit
0	Low battery life, Ease of use, shortcuts
0	Low battery life, Ease of use, employ shortcuts
1	Excellent all-around printer
1	printer all-around Excellent
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	boastfully size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	deceptive advertising, hair trigger, faulty port
0	deceptive advertising, faulty trigger, hair port
0	Limited ring styles, mainly classical. I don't mind but some might.
0	Limited ring styles, mainly classical. I classic don't mind but some might.
1	Small, 3X Optical/9X digital zoom, Quicktime Movie mode, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
1	Small, 3X Optical/9X digital 2, Quicktime Movie mode, USB, zoom.1 Megapixel
0	Takes up a lot of space on my desk.
0	Takes up a of space on my desk.
1	great quality, amazing detail
1	great, amazing detail
1	Good Image Quality, Expandable Memory, Easy to use
1	use Image Quality, Expandable Memory, Easy to Good
0	buttons are a little small
0	buttons are a button little small
0	short cut on keypad not available
0	short cutting on keypad not available
1	Ultra-sleek, mega-features, user-friendly
1	Ultra-sleek, mega-features, user-friendly
1	Nice design, great value.
1	great design, Nice value.
1	Cheap, great quality pictures
1	Cheap, great quality characterisation pictures
1	email enabled, easy to use, great call quality, downloadable ringtones, more
1	email enabled, to use, call quality, downloadable ringtones, more
1	Hello Hewlett Packard
1	Hewlett Hello Packard
0	No lens cover, battery life is horrid.
0	No lens masking, battery life is horrid.
1	Light small
1	Light lowly small
0	Slow onboard camera - computer transfer, picture shown in LCD screen prior to shot is a bit brighter than the final image, no lense cover
0	Slow lens onboard anterior camera - computer transfer, picture shown in LCD screen prior to shot is a bit brighter than the final image, no lense cover
0	No USB cable included, Single Color cartridge
0	No USB cable included, Single Color coloration cartridge
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, aliveness clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
0	not durable 
0	indestructible not durable 
1	Affordable, high quality colors, laser quality blacks.
1	, high quality colors, laser quality blacks.
0	Big, battery guzzler
0	big, battery guzzler
1	The Phone is Small, Clear, Durable (I've dropped it...), and Easy to Use.
1	The Phone is Small, Clear, Durable (I've dropped it...), and well-off to usage.
1	Fast printing, reasonable quality, moderate ink costs
1	Fast printing, reasonable prize, moderate ink costs
1	Light, thin, small, good voice quality, good battery life, good camera & flash
1	Light, thin, small, good voice flash, good battery life, good camera & quality
1	Generous features, High Resolution screen, Camera easy to use.
1	Generous features, high Resolution screen, Camera easy to use.
1	It takes good detailed pictures if it does not break first.
1	It takes good detailed pictures if it does not develop firstly.
0	Optical viewfinder edges aren't well defined, but that's IT!
0	Optical edges aren't well defined, but that's IT!
0	Perfect only for point and shoot. Uses SD card(more expensive). Only comes with 8MB. 
0	Perfect only for point and dissipate. purpose SD card(more expensive). Only cum with 8MB. 
0	Discontinued, large size makes carrying on ones belt or pocket impossible.
0	Discontinued, large makes carrying on belt or pocket impossible.
1	Great pictures, Cost
1	Great Cost, pictures
0	Battery hog in some modes
0	Battery hogget in some modes
0	Black bands/coags after a few sheets
0	Black bands/coags after dim a few sheets
1	Easy to use. Lens is protected. Good quality in the pictures. The phone technical help is good too.
1	Easy to use. Lens is protected. quality in pictures. phone technical help is good too.
0	Expensive, hidden costs, no touch screen, awkward navigation
0	Expensive, hidden costs, no touch screen, awkward 
1	Easy to use, small, light
1	Easy use, small, light
0	Performance in Cold Weather, Menu, Storage
0	Performance in Cold Weather,, Storage
0	Soft photos, proprietary battery with mediocre life.
0	Soft photos, proprietary battery with mediocre photo life.
1	Saves to floppy; good for those with older computers who don't have USB connections.
1	Saves to floppy; good for those with older computers who WHO don't have USB connections.
0	none yet
0	none nevertheless
0	Heavy, poor reception, phone part can be tricky to operate with one hand.
0	Heavy, poor reception, phone part with be tricky to operate can one hand.
0	Too heavy, somewhat flimsy
0	somewhat heavy, Too flimsy
0	Lens cap falls off a lot
0	Lens cap falls off a heap
1	small, great design, quality pictures
1	small, nifty design, quality pictures
1	It can't be beat
1	It can't live be beat
0	Flip up flash, picture review limitations
0	Flip up flash, picture reappraisal limitations
1	Looks, Weight, Durability.
1	count Looks, Weight, Durability.
0	Slow printing process
0	Slow printing dense process
1	Inexpensive
1	inexpensive Inexpensive
0	The Polaroid PDC 700 is a real battery sapper. No zoom lens. 
0	The Polaroid PDC 700 is a actual battery sapper. No soar lens. 
1	high resolution, zoom, USB connection
1	connection resolution, zoom, USB high
0	Poor battery, terrible UI, navigation buttons are clumsy, heavy, fragile,
0	Poor battery, terrible UI, navigation buttons are inapt, laboured, fragile,
1	works well the first few months
1	well the first few months
1	Nice looking, small, light
1	looking, small, light
0	Lack of Bluetooth, fast deminishing battery life while searching for a signal.
0	Lack of Bluetooth, fast deminishing battery lifespan while research for a signal.
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Great Quality &amp;amp; Awesome Price
1	smashing Quality &amp;amp; Awesome Price
1	Double sided printing, print quality especially on photos, tool-box, ease of use, speed using USB
1	Double print sided printing, impress print quality especially on photos, tool-box, ease of use, speed using USB
0	Battery life is a joke; sound quality was bad (at first)
0	Battery life bad a joke; sound quality was is (at first)
1	Fantastic, bright lens, intuitive controls (for most-used features), great picture quality
1	, bright lens, intuitive controls ( most-used features), great picture quality
0	uses batteries up quickly
0	uses quickly up batteries
0	Can`t send MMS, no Bluetooth, weird keypad
0	Can`t send MMS, no Bluetooth, weird No keypad
1	Sony picture quality, Cool filters, Movie feature
1	Sony picture prime, Cool filters, Movie feature
1	great value for money, good quality printouts
1	great value for money, salutary quality printouts
1	Fast, large high-quality prints, easy to install on a Mac system
1	Fast, large high-quality prints, easy install a Mac system
1	easy to use, simple features, adequate range and power
1	features to use, simple easy, adequate range and power
0	Display won't turn off in "IMAGE" mode.
0	Display won't off in "IMAGE" mode.
1	good resolution in this price range, easy operation, lens mount, tripod mount
1	resolution in this range, easy operation, lens mount, tripod mount
0	Early production models have been recalled.  Memory stick capacity.
0	production Early models have been recalled.  Memory stick capacity.
0	Drains Batteries
0	Batteries
1	3x optical zoom, excellent image quality, fast recycle time
1	3x optical zoom, excellent see quality, fast recycle time
0	Battery life, length of time it takes to write the image to the CF card
0	barrage life, length of time it ask to write the effigy to the CF card
1	At current prices, a great deal. Sharp, fast and flexible. View A Sample!
1	At current prices, price a great deal. Sharp, fast and flexible. View A Sample!
0	No vibrating alert
0	No tickle alert
1	Inexpensive, Bright Blue Display, Samsung Quality
1	Inexpensive, Blue Display, Samsung Quality
1	Very good resolution, quick printing, quite affordable, supports PC and Mac.
1	and good resolution, quick printing, quite affordable, supports PC Very Mac.
1	Reliable, good output quality, acceptable speed
1	Reliable, good output timber quality, acceptable speed
1	Small, lightweight, voice dialing.
1	, lightweight, voice dialing.
0	Difficult to see LCD screen on bright days; a bit grainy in low light
0	a to see LCD screen on bright days; Difficult bit grainy in low light
1	daytime shots, privacy, no waiting to see result, instantly can be sent over Internet
1	daytime shots, privacy, no waiting to escort result, instantly can be transport over Internet
1	Fast, Accurate, good color, easy to set up
1	Accurate, Fast, good color, easy to set up
0	Bulky
0	Bulky
1	Reliable, light, long battery time
1	Reliable, light, long battery metre
1	Long talk time; Nice display; Good sound and commands
1	sing Long talk time; Nice display; Good sound and commands
1	Small, Colorful, Good Reception
1	Small, Colorful, Good 
0	a bit pricey
0	bit a pricey
1	Small Size, easy access to functions using the joystick, Bluetooth.
1	Small Size, easy access to small functions using the joystick, Bluetooth.
0	Focus sometimes hunts in dim light conditions
0	sometimes hunts in dim light conditions
1	Lots of features, fun to use
1	Lots of features, fun to 
0	Grinding lens mechanism, lens cap,  menu system a little cryptic
0	Grinding lens mechanism, cap,  system a little cryptic
0	Sometimes confusing menus
0	Sometimes obnubilate menus
1	Light, good-looking, games, and web-ready
1	Light, good-looking,, and web-ready
0	Chews batteries which are high dollar,poor picture quality,no flash control 
0	Chews batteries which are high dollar,poor word-painting quality,no flash contain 
0	As listed above
0	above listed As
0	a little bulky by today's standards
0	a bulky by today's standards
0	Some voice distortion (read below), Over-priced accessories, No voice commands
0	Some voice distortion (read below), Over-priced accessories, voice No commands
0	Fragile Internals
0	Internals
0	LARGER IN SIZE THAN MOST
0	LARGER MOST SIZE THAN IN
1	Great  Pictures
1	dandy Great  Pictures
1	Small, Stylish, Easy To Use, Crystal Clear!!!!
1	Stylish, Small, Easy To Use, Crystal Clear!!!!
0	None yet
0	None 
0	How does the polyphonic speaker work?  Not a very good user's manual.
0	does the polyphonic speaker work?  Not very good user's manual.
1	Price zoom and features
1	Price zoom and 
0	na
0	Na
1	Cheap price and refills
1	flash price and refills
1	Small, easy to use, best reception I have had, faceplates, now it's cheap!
1	small, easy to use, effective reception I have had, faceplates, now it's cheap!
0	Low battery life!
0	life battery Low!
1	Great Quality printing,  Pictures print out very good
1	Great character printing,  Pictures print out very good
1	Beautiful screen.
1	test Beautiful screen.
0	Talk and ringer volume not loud, vibrates very softly, cannot download screensavers.
0	Talk and toller volume not cheap, vibrates very softly, cannot download screensavers.
0	Bulky, no video camera, texting system
0	Bulky, no video camera, texting organisation
0	none
0	none
0	Expensive, stability
0	Expensive, constancy
0	kinda weak flash
0	rather weak flash
1	Rather fast, excellent service
1	quite Rather fast, excellent service
0	cord shorted out
0	cord shorted away out
1	Olympus optics, zoom lens, TV connector
1	Olympus oculus, zoom lens, TV connector
0	Only Canon brand paper makes decent prints; pretty loud.
0	Only Canon paper makes decent prints; pretty loud.
1	Super light and compact.  Can be pushed when folded.
1	Super and light compact.  Can be pushed when folded.
0	Hard to break down and somewhat heavy.
0	Hard break down and somewhat heavy.
0	Guzzles battery juice, only 4MB
0	Guzzles 4MB juice, only battery
1	Lightweight, Pop off faces, Infra-red
1	Lightweight, Pop off, Infra-red
0	Control system must have been designed by a congressional sub-committee.
0	Control system must have been designed by scheme a congressional sub-committee.
0	Cannot connect to devices. Options on phone limited due to type of service.
0	Cannot connect to devices. Options due phone limited on to type of service.
1	Convenient printing from your digital camera memory card and a good price
1	Convenient printing from your carte digital camera memory card and a good price
1	Low cost, Good Print quality
1	Good cost, Low Print quality
1	Small, Light, Features, Battery life, free headset & vibrating battery
1	Small, Light, Features, Battery life, resonate free headset & vibrating battery
1	Very Good for home office use.
1	for Good Very home office use.
0	Memory card supplied is too small
0	card supplied is too small
0	Is reception top notch?
0	reception top notch?
0	eats batteries
0	batteries eats
0	NO speaker phone option, no digital camera
0	NO phone option, no digital camera
0	Costly Ink, very slow
0	Costly very, Ink slow
1	Small size, light weight, decreased radiation emissions
1	Small size, light weighting, decreased radiation emissions
0	Clunky and large but well worth it.
0	Clunky and IT large but well worth it.
0	NONE
0	none
0	Constant faded LCD's
0	Constant faded 
1	A very well designed camera.
1	well very A designed camera.
1	Stunning Photos, quiet operation
1	Stunning Photos, stunning quiet operation
0	No date stamp function, Lens cap can damage telephoto.
0	No terms date stamp function, Lens cap can damage telephoto.
1	Cheap, simple.
1	Cheap, loud simple.
0	Horrible accessory charger, noisy bootup/shutdown
0	Horrible accessory charger, noisy bootup/courser shutdown
1	Decent camera, decent price
1	Decent, decent price
1	Small, easy to use, can't loose the lens cap.
1	Small, easy to, can't loose the lens cap.
1	Good picture quality, Easy to handle, Lightweight, Good Price.
1	Good picture quality, Easy to, Lightweight, Good Price.
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....else than that nothing other
1	Advanced camera, Good image Quality, Flexible exposure modes, many, many features
1	Advanced camera, Good image caliber Quality, Flexible exposure modes, many, many features
1	Excellent lens, CFII c Microdrive, Photo quality
1	Excellent lens, CFII c Microdrive, Photo 
1	Long-life InfoLithium battery, Audio recording, MPEG movie mode 
1	Audio InfoLithium battery, Long-life recording, MPEG movie mode 
1	Amazing image quality, Movies w/sound, Small - Easy to carry, Easy to use
1	Amazing image quality, picture w/sound, Small - leisurely to carry, Easy to use
0	Design, black and white external lcd, bad speaker voice quality
0	Design, black and white external, bad voice quality
0	Hard to find one in great shape now, buttons can wear out
0	to find one in shape now, buttons can wear out
0	It doesn't fax!
0	It doesn't telefax!
0	LCD lifetime/durability questionable
0	LCD life/durability questionable
0	No IR port
0	No IR 
1	Low price; fast print speeds; excellent text print quality.
1	Low price; splendid fast print speeds; excellent text print quality.
1	pretty clear pictures and fun and easy software included.
1	pretty clear pictures and fun and software included.
1	Speaker Phone, direct connect, largest color screen, easy to navigate & customizable menus
1	Speaker Phone, direct connect, largest color screen, loose to voyage & customizable menus
1	Sexy look, good battery life, customizable interface, well working speakerphone.
1	Sexy depend, skillful battery life, customizable interface, well working speakerphone.
0	bulky, expensive
0	expensive, bulky
0	No cable included
0	No cable admit
1	5MP, F/1.8 lens, hot shoe, Compact Flash, AA batteries, great value.
1	, F/1.8 lens, hot, Compact Flash, AA batteries, great value.
0	Significant noise in indoor shots when using factory settings, poor printed manual. 
0	Significant noise in indoor shots when factory settings, poor printed. 
1	compact, gorgeous, easy to use, tons of options
1	gorgeous, compact, easy to use, tons of options
1	Easy to hold, use
1	Easy to admit, use
0	Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
0	Too bad you can't purpose 40GB Flash for MP3.
0	HAVE TO PAY FOR GAMES
0	HAVE TO PAY GAMES FOR
0	OS beyond terrible, its designers should be forced to empty a pool with a sieve.
0	OS terrible, its designers should be forced to a pool with a.
0	Phone book organization (though it might be just me)
0	Phone book organization (though it might ME be just me)
1	1)Easy to use 2)Programing Features 3) MOTOR DRIVE!!
1	1)Easy to use 2)programming Features 3) MOTOR take!!
0	No focus or flash control.  No AC adapter.
0	No focus or heartbeat control.  No AC adapter.
1	Highly versatile input capabilities, fast text print speed, great print output, intuitive, hp historical reliability.
1	Highly versatile input capabilities, fast text print speed, corking impress yield, intuitive, hp historical reliability.
0	Battery life.
0	life.
1	Fast, Reliable, Cost, and Print Quality!
1	Fast, Reliable, Cost, and Print!
1	Small size
1	minuscule size
1	Great exposure control and contrast, good manual controls
1	Great control and contrast, good manual controls
1	User friendly, great quality, compact size
1	compact friendly, great quality, User size
0	Small, too close together buttons on keypad.  Slippery plastic finish, hold on tight.
0	Small, too close together buttons on keypad.  Slippery plastic finish, deem on stiff.
0	Expensive faces and that is about it.
0	Expensive faces and look that is about it.
0	Not quite perfect photo quality
0	Not quite perfect quality
0	No way to sync with PC out of the box.
0	No way to sync out of the box.
0	Price
0	Price
1	inexpensive, excellent print quality
1	inexpensive, quality print excellent
1	easy to use, great software, small
1	easy to use, great small, software
0	battery Life
0	battery 
0	Battery life is SHORTer than your pinky. Volume on custom rings is poor.
0	Battery life is SHORTer your pinky. on custom rings is poor.
0	low picture quality, short battery life
0	low ikon quality, short battery life
0	small screen size; slow remote syncs
0	small sort size; slow remote syncs
1	Small and quick.
1	quick and Small.
0	Annoying Software, Older Model
0	Annoying Software, pestiferous Older Model
0	Tricky shape to squeeze against shoulder, no vibrate option. &#13;&#10;
0	thirteen Tricky shape to squeeze against shoulder, no vibrate option. &#13;&#10;
0	The "bezel" and little flap on the front does not stick.
0	The "bezel" and little flap on the front does along not stick.
0	bulky, battery life, lack of bluetooth
0	bulky, battery life, barrage lack of bluetooth
1	Great size, excellent feature set, easy to use
1	Great feature, excellent size set, easy to use
1	Bluetooth, Mp3 Player, Nice Audio, Real Tones, Camera, FM Radio, Address Book
1	Bluetooth, Mp3 Player, Nice Audio, Real radio Tones, Camera, FM Radio, Address Book
0	Driver has no margin adjustment. 
0	Driver has no margin allowance. 
1	This is the coolest looking phone!
1	This is coolest looking phone!
0	Image quality is so-so. No flash.
0	is quality Image so-so. No flash.
1	Great selection of features, user friendly, stylish.
1	friendly selection of features, user Great, stylish.
0	Poor battery life, difficulty with card slot, number of menus to do some features.
0	Poor battery life, difficulty with card slot, number of menus to do count some features.
0	Flash Indicator isn't as easily seen as I would like.
0	Flash Indicator isn't as easily seen as I.
1	Brilliant Blue Backlighting; Easy to Use; Color Screen; Great Ringtones
1	Brilliant Blue; Easy to Use; Screen; Great Ringtones
1	Very user-friendly; excellent print quality.
1	Very user-friendly; print excellent quality.
0	heavy, confusing set-up
0	punishing, confusing set-up
0	Wireless web has been unreliable of late
0	radiocommunication web has been unreliable of late
0	ink cartridges are so expensive you could practically buy a new printer
0	ink newfangled cartridges are so expensive you could practically buy a new printer
1	Convenient, profiles, good charger
1	profiles, Convenient, good charger
0	Not enough pixels to use for printed out pictures
0	Not enough pixels to habituate for printed out pictures
1	fun and easy
1	easy and fun
1	Handy cradle
1	cradle Handy
1	Small,discrete and lots of great features in a small pkg.
1	Small,distinct and slews of great features in a small pkg.
0	Automatic turn off after so many inactive seconds.
0	Automatic turn off after so many hit inactive seconds.
0	Battery eater, have to connect to computer every time you download pictures
0	Battery eater, have connect to computer time you download pictures
0	none that I can tell so far.
0	none that I can tell far.
1	Quality and size.
1	Quality and sizing size.
1	Package deals make it more affordable.
1	Package make it more affordable.
1	Great picture and text
1	Great envision and text
1	Copier, scanner, printer all in one fairly quiet HP machine
1	Copier, IN scanner, printer all in one fairly quiet HP machine
0	Photo quality is not great.  Eats batteries like piranhas eat wounded cattle.
0	Photo quality eat not great.  Eats batteries like piranhas is wounded cattle.
0	none
0	none
1	Looks very good with its compact size and cute design
1	front very just with its compact size and cute design
1	Speed, Resolution, size of printer
1	Speed, solvent, size of printer
0	Choppy LCD display, lack of extended features.
0	Choppy LCD display, lack of protract extended features.
0	Pretty Basic Model - for more literate
0	Pretty Basic modeling - for more literate
1	Lightweight, Good Screen, Good-Looking, Excellent Reception, Nice Design.
1	Lightweight, Good, Good-Looking, Excellent Reception, Nice Design.
0	Printer software sometimes not compatible with Windows 2000 preset label sizes 
0	Printer package sometimes not compatible with Windows 2000 preset judge sizes 
0	Poor interface, poor repairs
0	port Poor interface, poor repairs
1	color quality
1	color choice
1	Fast, Good Black Quality
1	Fast, Good Black quality
0	No, I mean it, really cheap inferior camera 
0	No, I mean, really cheap inferior camera 
0	weight is a problem,heavier than others
0	weight is a toilsome problem,heavier than others
0	battery, battery, battery -- it will not last long, the rest will be fixed
0	battery, battery, battery -- it will not finale long, the perch will be fixed
1	 love the color accuracy
1	 love the accuracy
0	bad quality photos, no flash, long wait for download
0	bad quality photos, no calibre flash, long wait for download
1	Amazing pics, great panorama, movie mode is cool, CompactFlash type 2 support, easy to use, great display, USB, 3x optical 2x digital zoom
1	3x pics, great panorama, movie mode is cool, CompactFlash type 2 support, easy to use, 2x display, USB, Amazing optical great digital zoom
1	Sleek rubber skin, good reception, voice commands.
1	Sleek rubber skin, good reception, sound voice commands.
1	dependable, good quality
1	dependable, proficient quality
1	Thin and sleek, Cool color nice features
1	Thin and sleek, Cool color features
1	great quality, fast printing
1	smashing quality, fast printing
0	Not crazy about slider (tough to find good case); less customizable than my prev Nokia
0	Not crazy about slider (tough sick to find good case); less customizable than secure my prev Nokia
0	The battery life is very short. Ring selection is very limited!
0	The battery is very short. selection is very limited!
0	Not Web enabled, Battery tricky to remove, Expensive
0	Not Web enabled, shelling tricky to remove, Expensive
1	Floppy Storage,Quick Editing,Easy to use
1	Floppy Storage,Quick editing Editing,Easy to use
0	17 lbs, high price tag ($300), takes up whole trunk in our mid-size car.
0	whole lbs, high price tag ($300), takes up 17 trunk in our mid-size car.
0	Not Much
0	not Much
0	ringer, no blue tooth, internet
0	toller, no blue tooth, internet
0	None as far as I can tell.
0	None as as far I can tell.
0	none
0	none
1	to me, none.
1	me to, none.
1	Best phone since Startac
1	secure phone since Startac
0	None yet found.
0	None yet none found.
1	Sharp Detailed Photos
1	knifelike Detailed Photos
0	slow transfer time
0	transplant slow transfer time
1	Handy, fun, durable and easy.
1	, fun, durable and easy.
0	battery life, pricey at &amp;gt; $500
0	battery life, pricey at &amp;; $500
0	HP corporate anti-customer policy
0	HP anti-customer corporate policy
1	Optical quality, size, software, Picture quality
1	Optical quality, size, visual software, Picture quality
0	Still high cost, no duplexer, no infrared port, see cons in review
0	Still high cost, no duplexer, no infrared port, nonetheless see cons in review
1	Clear, Beautiful Color Pictures
1	, Beautiful Color Pictures
1	NONE
1	none
1	Great features for price
1	great features for price
1	none
1	none
1	voice command, speakerphone, customized home page
1	vocalize command, speakerphone, customized home page
1	Inexpensive, good quality text, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, good quality text, easy to textbook use
1	Flat, long battery life and a few cool features
1	Flat, long battery life and a cool features
0	Photo color reproduction poor
0	Photo reproduction poor
1	near photo quality, price, decent speed
1	photo quality, price, decent speed
0	doesn't come with a power supply cord
0	cord come with a power supply doesn't
1	Size and style and battery life.
1	Size and and battery life.
1	EVERYTHING!
1	EVERYTHING!
0	loud click, message memory runs out quick
0	loud click, substance message memory runs out quick
0	Bulky, expensive
0	Bulky, bulky expensive
0	Low battery life, poor reception
0	Low life battery, poor reception
1	Good loud ring, Nice size and screen
1	courteous Good loud ring, Nice size and screen
1	Very cool looking., Good picture quality
1	Very cool film looking., Good picture quality
1	Rugged
1	rugged Rugged
0	fit and finish of some panels is less than perfect quality.
0	fit and panels of some finish is less than perfect quality.
1	Great photos, many features
1	Great photos, features
0	Not the best of the best!
0	Not non the best of the best!
1	The finest inkjet printer ever made in the history of the universe
1	The finest inkjet printer ever made in the universe of the history
1	good screen, speakerphone, ringtone speaker is clear.  Has a good camers
1	good screen, speakerphone, speaker is clear.  Has a camers
0	Uses the 4 AA batteries up FAST!!, Camera is Heavy
0	habituate the 4 AA batteries up FAST!!, Camera is lumbering
1	Ability to capture 80 second videos.  Easy to use from novice to experienced photographer.  
1	Ability to capture 80 second videos.  Easy to use from novice s to experienced photographer.  
0	Pricey. No optical zoom. Need docking station to upload or charge battery. 
0	no Pricey. No optical zoom. Need docking station to upload or charge battery. 
0	Not many from what I can see.
0	Not many from what I i can see.
1	Print Quality, Energy Star, Toner Saver, Robust Design, Simple, Fast, Surprisingly Nice Paper Paths
1	Print Quality, Energy Star, Toner Saver, Robust Design, Simple, Fast, Surprisingly Nice Paper flying Paths
1	stylish, nice features, easy to read screen, custom settings
1	stylish, nice features, easy to study screen, custom settings
1	inexpensive, and multiple benefits
1	inexpensive, and multiple gain
0	Takes a long time to print a page, noisy, several steps to install.
0	aim a foresightful time to print a page, noisy, several steps to install.
1	Coolest looking phone on earth
1	Coolest looking phone earth on
0	Ink cartridge don't hold much ink.
0	Ink cartridge don't accommodate much ink.
0	Red eye, must have red eye on or you'll be sorry 
0	Red eye, crimson must have red eye on or you'll be sorry 
0	Eats Batteries. 
0	bombardment Eats Batteries. 
1	Speakerphone, PalmV, Web Access, Big Screen, Syncs GREAT with Outlook
1	Speakerphone, with, Web Access, Big Screen, Syncs GREAT PalmV Outlook
0	Should be packaged with case or at least a lens cap.  No Macro.
0	Should be packaged with case or a least at lens cap.  No Macro.
0	None that I have found
0	None have I that found
1	I'm still looking for one
1	I'm notwithstanding looking for one
0	alittle slow start up time and might be alittle louder than average.
0	alittle behind initiate up time and might be alittle louder than average.
1	Holds picture of my kids
1	Holds picture of my contain kids
0	-Doesn't have large format capacity
0	-Doesn't large have format capacity
0	None 
0	none 
0	None so far!
0	hence None so far!
1	Lots of features
1	Lots features
0	The Size and Fixed Lens
0	The Size and Lens Fixed
0	no optical viewfinder
0	no optical finder viewfinder
0	Freezes up, reboots and shuts down all by itself (or requires a reboot and shutdown)
0	Freezes up, reboots shuts down all by itself (or requires a shutdown)
1	light, good on batteries, nice pictures
1	light, along good on batteries, nice pictures
1	Good price, easy to use, pretty good quality, software easy to use
1	Good price, easy to pretty, use good quality, software easy to use
1	3G internet, sleek design, swivel camera, MP3 player, text templates
1	3G internet, sleek design, swivel camera, net MP3 player, text templates
0	Included OCR program isn't that good
0	Included program isn't that good
0	Poor reception
0	reception
0	screen can be easily scratched, antenna flimsy when fully extended
0	screen can be easily scratched, antenna flimsy itch when fully extended
1	- 3.3 megapixel resolution - Excellent image quality - Accurate auto-light adjustment
1	- 3.Excellent megapixel resolution - 3 image quality - Accurate auto-light adjustment
0	Nothing
0	Nothing
1	Good ergonomics, excellent image quality, decent macro
1	Good ergonomics, image quality, decent macro
1	8x optical zoom, Rotatable lens, Large LCD screen
1	8x optical zoom, Rotatable whizz lens, Large LCD screen
1	Great resolution and image quality
1	Great solvent and image quality
1	fairly reliable with XP and linux
1	reliable fairly with XP and linux
1	Price, picture quality, ease of use, macro mode  
1	Price, picture quality, macro of use, ease mode  
0	Not quite compatible with all old accessories, battery life
0	Not quite compatible with old accessories, battery life
0	Paper load is a bit touchy, , * Printer Software CD 
0	load is a bit touchy, , * Printer Software CD 
1	Compact and sturdy case, USB Connection, Inexpensive 2 megapixel camera
1	pack and sturdy incase, USB Connection, Inexpensive 2 megapixel camera
1	cheap
1	cheap
1	4MP, movie mode, excellent battery life
1	4MP, excellent mode, movie battery life
1	It is convienant for transporting a newborn
1	It is convienant for transporting newborn
1	It was cheap with the rebate
1	It was cheap with IT the rebate
0	Using viewer eats up batteries.
0	Using viewer up eats batteries.
0	cheap
0	trashy cheap
0	The print head easily clogs, requiring a lot of ink to clean.
0	The print head easily clogs, requiring a lot of ink portion to clean.
1	Size, features
1	, features
1	Reception, voice clarity, size and it just plain looks good!
1	just, voice clarity, size and it Reception plain looks good!
1	Image quality, ease of use, flexibility, size.
1	Image quality, ease of utilization, flexibility, size.
0	Battery life is short, and picture reaction is a little slow.
0	Battery life is short, and picture reaction little a is slow.
1	Brilliant technology, beautiful design, & amazing sound & quality.
1	Brilliant technology, beautiful design, & vex sound & quality.
1	Excellent print quality for less than $100.00 dollars...
1	Excellent print quality for less than $100.00 calibre dollars...
1	Very good output quality
1	Very output good quality
1	Convenient size, VERY easy to use, wireless web
1	Convenient size, VERY easy to enjoyment, wireless web
1	Cheap, good enough, QT movie capable, good flash, easy to use, good transfer speed
1	Cheap, good enough, QT movie capable, good flash, easy use, good speed
1	This machine is a work horse, it does it all!
1	This machine adenine is a work horse, it does it all!
1	nice screen colors, cool games.
1	nice screenland colors, cool games.
1	Slick, Lightweight, Elephants Are Attracted To It
1	Slick, Lightweight, sleek Elephants Are Attracted To It
0	Price
0	toll
1	Good camera....
1	camera Good....
1	Great Camera for $900-$1200 range
1	Great Camera for $900-$1200 array
1	Durability, size, speaker phone, color, clarity, Bluetooth, GPS.
1	Durability, size, speaker sound, color, clarity, Bluetooth, GPS.
0	Setting up the functions, doesn't ring long enough for me.
0	up functions, doesn't ring long enough for me.
1	Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
1	Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible beautiful reception & battery life.
1	bright LCD, fast startup, TIFF format, burst mode
1	bright, fast startup, TIFF format, burst mode
0	No OBEX/Bluetooth File Transfer support
0	No Transfer/Bluetooth File OBEX support
1	Lightweight, easy to steer, and sturdy. Inexpensive while big on style!
1	Lightweight, steer, and sturdy. Inexpensive while big on style!
1	loaded with functions, voice ringer and battery life
1	routine loaded with functions, voice ringer and battery life
0	Lack of self-timer.
0	Lack of.
1	cheap
1	cheap
0	Viewfinder.
0	finder.
0	Quality suffers.  Mp3 control is basic, and photo/video touch ups are needed for each photo.
0	for suffers.  Mp3 control is basic, and photo/video touch ups needed are Quality each photo.
1	Price, picture quality, ease of use
1	Price, picture quality, ease of 
1	it works for 8-12 months
1	it works 8-12 months
0	Too many pay to use-features, probably big and bulky for most users.
0	Too many compensate to use-features, probably bounteous and bulky for most users.
0	No speakerphone (not too many flips have it), illogical icon menus, poor manual.
0	No flips (not too many speakerphone have it), illogical icon menus, poor manual.
0	stuff
0	stuff
0	no speaker phone, no vibe+ring, doesn't remember time
0	no speaker phone, no vibe+hoop, doesn't remember time
0	Price
0	Price
1	Lightweight
1	Lightweight
0	They are bulky
0	They personify are bulky
0	little pricy
0	little costly pricy
0	poor reception
0	pitiable reception
1	ring tones, many menu options, voice dial, loud ringing
1	ring tones, menu options, voice dial, loud ringing
0	noisy
0	noisy
1	Sliver housing, lens cover, small, only 6.5oz, picture quality, and price.
1	Sliver price, lens cover, small, only 6.5oz, picture quality, and housing.
1	Great screen, good features, sharp design. Tons of customizability.
1	Great screen, adept features, sharp design. Tons of customizability.
0	Slow parallel port speeds - No USB
0	Slow port speeds - No USB
0	None
0	none
1	Very easy to use
1	easy to use
0	None yet
0	none None yet
1	great picture and text quality...separate color ink tanks is good.
1	great picture and text...separate color ink is good.
0	Very user un-friendly buttons, bad reception, my husband hates it!
0	Very user my buttons, bad reception, un-friendly husband hates it!
0	Can hardly hear on the speakerphone.
0	Can hear on the speakerphone.
1	Dual cartridge printer, can use a photo cartridge.
1	two-fold cartridge printer, can use a photo cartridge.
0	Your wardrobe suffers because you spent all your $$$ on phone
0	Your wardrobe suffers because you spent all your $$$ on spend phone
0	Camera, flip phone
0	Camera, throw phone
1	High Quality Pics, Small, Automatic and Manual settings
1	Quality Pics, Small, Automatic and Manual settings
1	Great pictures! Great price! Easy to use!
1	pictures! Great price! Easy to use!
0	Thumbstick, Scratching Screen, Slow Interface
0	Thumbstick, Scratching, Slow Interface
0	Short battery life, poor signal strength
0	battery life, poor signal strength
1	cost, resolution
1	declaration cost, resolution
0	No USB sync, backlight poor
0	No USB sync, poor
0	WISH IT WAS A &quot;&quot;WORLD PHONE&quot;&quot;
0	WISH IT Washington A &quot;&quot;cosmos PHONE&quot;&quot;
0	It didn't work very long!
0	It didn't work long very!
0	Price and memory card - 8mb
0	Price and card memory - 8mb
0	Larger than phones with comparable features
0	Larger than phone with comparable features
0	None for the price
0	None for the toll
0	does not pick up in some places
0	does not pick up in some IN places
0	Fussy keys & feels delicate, Lack of sync software.
0	Fussy keys & feels delicate, Lack software sync of.
1	6-in-1 Card Reader, Proof Sheet Feature, Print Photos or Use Copier Without Having Computer On
1	6-in-1 Card Reader, proof Proof validation Sheet Feature, Print Photos or Use Copier Without Having Computer On
1	Affordable
1	Affordable
0	Phone is to hot.  Numbers keep falling off. Speaker keeps falling off.
0	Phone is to hot.  Numbers falling off. Speaker keeps off.
1	Compact, lightweight
1	Compact, 
0	No Speakerphone
0	Speakerphone No
0	Software install not the greatest.
0	Software install not package the greatest.
0	nothing yet.
0	yet nothing.
1	good gift for someone you hate
1	proficient gift for someone you hate
1	Small Size, Good pictures, Picture Capacity, Sleek Look, Good software
1	Small Size, Good pictures, Picture, Look, Good software
1	Excellent Quality, Easy to Use, VERY SLR Like.
1	Quality Excellent, Easy to Use, VERY SLR Like.
0	Flimsy, no silent "MUTE," poor reception, screen breaks and blacks out.
0	Flimsy, no silent "unspoken," poor reception, screen faulting and blacks out.
1	Good reception. Good battery life . Nice design.
1	Good reception. Good battery . Nice design.
1	Light weight, intuitive, attractive, affordable
1	Light weight, visceral, attractive, affordable
1	Great price, quality print, easy to use, relatively few jams
1	Great price, quality print, easy to use, relatively few gentle jams
0	Kind of Heavy
0	of Kind Heavy
1	Long Battery Life, Great Color Covers
1	Long Battery Life, Covers Color Great
0	Short battery life, special camera battery (not AA's)
0	shortstop battery life, special camera battery (not AA's)
1	Cheap, small footprint
1	step Cheap, small footprint
0	Tell Me When You Find Some
0	Tell Me When You see Some
1	Dependable and Professional Quality Prints
1	Dependable and Professional Quality mark
0	antena broke off eventually, sand gets in keys
0	antena broke off eventually, sandpaper sand gets in keys
0	not a camera phone
0	not a camera sound
1	features, picture quality
1	picture, features quality
0	Integrated memory not expandable(48MB).
0	Integrated memory not 48MB(expandable).
0	A little on the bulky side.
0	A little on the side.
0	No automatic envelope feeder, the paper tray fits both letter and legal which makes it stick out beyond the printer body in the rear of the machine.
0	No automatic envelope confluent, the paper tray tantrum both letter and legal which produce it joint out beyond the printer body in the fanny of the machine.
0	Problematic, long warm up times, ink guzzler, paper jammer
0	Problematic, long report warm up times, ink guzzler, paper jammer
0	don't know of any
0	any know of don't
1	fast and good quality
1	fast beneficial and good quality
1	standard, good battery, good sound quality, custom ringtones, optional covers
1	standard, good battery, good covers quality, custom ringtones, optional sound
1	USB connection, great battery life, price is fairly low
1	USB connection, great battery life, fairly is price low
0	Breaks up or hangs up pretty often
0	die up or hangs up pretty often
0	Battery life &amp; no camera bag. For the, price larger smart media card.
0	Battery life &larger; no camera bag. For the, price amp smart media card.
0	Accessory prices
0	Accessory terms
0	Cartridges are really expensive
0	Cartridges are really live expensive
1	light and easy to use
1	spark and easy to use
0	Sub-par voice recognition, weak battery life, a bit pricey.
0	Sub-par voice recognition, weak battery life, a bit pricy.
0	scanning problems
0	scanning 
0	photo paper and ink refills or expensive unless you find good sales on the internet.
0	photo and ink expensive unless you find good sales on the internet.
0	Not the greatest walking stroller.
0	Not greatest walking stroller.
1	great text and photos, excellent memory reader, fast scanner and fax,superior copies
1	great text and photos, excellent memory, fast scanner and,superior copies
1	Beautiful, sharp pictures, really easy to use yet versatile!
1	Beautiful, sharp pictures, really loose to use yet versatile!
1	Great pictures. Just great.
1	Great pictures. Just dandy.
1	Fast,quality prints b&amp;w prints at a good price.
1	Fast,impress quality prints b&amp;w prints at a good price.
0	Shakes a little too much
0	much a little too Shakes
0	None.
0	none None.
0	Awkward menus, 8Mb memory a shame, no leather carrying case, bad memory indicator
0	Awkward menus, 8Mb memory a shame, no leather carrying showcase, badly memory indicator
1	Easy, and the diskette is great
1	Easy, and diskette is great
1	Easy to use
1	to Easy use
1	Easy to Use
1	Easy Use to
0	Need More Light
0	Light More Need
0	Buttons are too small.
0	Buttons are too.
1	Clarity is exceptional. Lots of unexpected features.
1	Clarity is exceptional. wad of unexpected features.
1	Great battery life (Ni-MH), Good quality photos, Relatively small
1	Great battery life (Ni-MH), Good quality minuscule photos, Relatively small
0	no zoom
0	zoom no
1	Small, Light, Blue backlight, Vibracall
1	, Light, Blue backlight, Vibracall
0	buttons too small
0	buttons small too
0	A bit out of date
0	A moment out of date
0	Annoying repeat of voice telling you there is no paper, or for any type of error (luckily I've only had one error in the six months since the purchase of my machine) 
0	Annoying repeat the voice telling you there is no paper, or for any type of error (luckily since machine had one error in of six months I've the purchase of my only) 
1	Great feel, extremely easy to use, intuitive, long battery life, lots of options
1	Great exercise feel, extremely easy to use, intuitive, long battery life, lots of options
0	no AC adapter, 8 MB (only) card
0	no AC adapter, 8 MB (only) viii card
1	photo-lab quality
1	quality photo-lab
0	Rather bulky
0	instead Rather bulky
0	Poor Battery Life, hard to change faceplate, Loud Vibrating Alert!
0	Poor Battery Life, hard to change Loud, faceplate Vibrating Alert!
1	Quick Printing, decent quality but excellent quality for price.
1	promptly Printing, decent quality but excellent quality for price.
0	Does not come with necessary cables
0	Does not come necessary cables
1	Writes to CD-R media - Good range of resolutions to choose from
1	Writes to CD-R metier - well range of resolutions to choose from
0	Can't switch lenses, limited aperture settings (2!)
0	Can't aperture lenses, limited switch settings (2!)
0	sometimes the littlest things can screw it up
0	sometimes the littlest things matter can screw it up
0	No lens cover that's it!
0	it lens cover that's No!
1	Easy operation/excellent results
1	Easy operation/excellent 
1	Takes sharp pictures, loads directly onto my computer
1	Takes sharp pictures, loads directly onto my 
0	expensive ink cartridges.
0	expensive ink cartridge cartridges.
1	compact, lightweight, flip-phone with camera
1	compact,, flip-phone with camera
0	Is pricey, bottom basket is an additional charge.
0	Is pricey, bottom is an additional charge.
0	eats batteries
0	eats 
1	Great battery life, ease of use, Picture Quality
1	Great battery life, ease lifetime of use, Picture Quality
1	viewing screen, zoom, black-and-white photos
1	covert viewing screen, zoom, black-and-white photos
0	The lens cover gets in my way.
0	The lens cover drive in my way.
0	menus are hard to navigate sometimes
0	menus are hard pilot to navigate sometimes
1	Color display, web-enabled, voice-dialing.
1	Color display, web-enabled, show voice-dialing.
0	not that expensive
0	not expensive
0	Product Quality (Display)
0	Product caliber (Display)
1	Great Pictures
1	Pictures Great
0	Can't talk and charge
0	Can't talk and talking charge
0	Not as sharp as some new inkjets
0	Not novel as sharp as some new inkjets
1	High Quality Photo Printer.
1	High Quality Photo high Printer.
0	A large camera and only has 2x zoom. Small preview screen.
0	A large camera and has 2x. Small preview screen.
1	Light weight.
1	burthen Light weight.
0	not color and no wap internet
0	not color and colorize no wap internet
0	Holding the camera steady for 5 seconds after taking picture, Not XP compatible
0	Holding the V camera steady for 5 seconds after taking picture, Not XP compatible
0	can have problems
0	can trouble have problems
0	Cumbersome manual, power consumption with LCD on, didn't include AC adapter, slow response to ready for next shot, not always intuitive menuing
0	ready manual, power consumption with LCD on, didn't include AC adapter, slow response to Cumbersome for next not, shot always intuitive menuing
1	Low Price, Very easy to setup, Excellent print quality
1	Low Price, easy to setup, Excellent print quality
0	Ink is not cheap (but it's not really expensive, either)
0	Ink is not cheap ( it's not really, either)
1	Small size,65,536 screen,bluetooth,ect
1	Small size,,536 screen,bluetooth,ect
1	Sharp optics.  Easy to use.
1	optics.  Easy to use.
1	Small, Excellent Battery Life, Web Browser Built In
1	, Excellent Battery Life, Web Browser Built In
1	great pictures (for 1.3 mp), easy to use, durable
1	expectant pictures (for 1.trine mp), easy to use, durable
0	No manual feeder, USB only, No control panel whatsoever
0	No manual feeder, panel only, No control USB whatsoever
0	Slow, useless scanner, unreliable fax
0	Slow, useless fax, unreliable scanner
1	Portable,lightweight take it anywhere
1	Portable,lightweight choose it anywhere
1	Reliable, rugged, easy to use
1	Reliable, rugged, easy to usage
0	None
0	none None
0	black only
0	only black
1	Size
1	Size
0	As packaged by Canon, contains only Windows software drivers.
0	As packaged by Canon, curb only Windows software drivers.
0	No rechargeable batteries, small memory card, no top LCD
0	No rechargeable shelling, small memory card, no top LCD
0	Could not achieve focus in normal household lighting situations.  Lens is not very sharp.
0	not achieve in normal household lighting situations.  Lens is not very sharp.
0	it's tiny. no USB cable or software in the box.  the included games are weak.
0	it's tiny. no the cable are software in the box.  USB included games or weak.
0	Depletes batteries quickly.
0	Depletes quickly.
1	Excellent automatic operation. Macro mode works from 8 inches to infinity.
1	Excellent automatic operation. Macro mode works from 8 modality inches to infinity.
1	Excellent image quality, perfectly portable.
1	Excellent image quality, perfectly choice portable.
0	A little uncomfortable for long conversations.
0	A little uncomfortable for long.
1	THIN and light, Excellent sound quality, stylish.
1	THIN and light, Excellent level-headed quality, stylish.
1	Kodak name, Price, easey to use
1	Kodak to, Price, easey name use
1	It looks cool
1	It looks 
1	Cost, easy install WIN2k, Cost of Ink, Quality of print.
1	Cost, promiscuous install WIN2k, toll of Ink, Quality of print.
0	age
0	senesce
0	Limited picture capacity on floppy.
0	Limited on capacity picture floppy.
0	Significant rebate is about to expire!  Get it now!
0	Significant rebate is about constitute to expire!  Get it now!
1	Comfortable, affordable, durable  compact for travel    
1	Comfortable, affordable, travel  compact for durable    
0	No USB support whatsoever
0	USB No support whatsoever
1	Size, easy to use, many features
1	Size, easy to use, features
0	Pics blurry when zoomed in too far
0	Pics foggy when zoomed in too far
1	Excellent Close up images.
1	Excellent Close range up images.
0	Switching snap-on covers can be a pain
0	Switching snap-on shroud can be a pain
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, great camera
1	Great picture easy, quality to use, great camera
0	a little noisy
0	a niggling little noisy
0	Sometimes the bells and whistles are too complicated.
0	Sometimes the bells and besides whistles are too complicated.
1	Great print quality
1	Great print timber quality
0	slow cpu
0	slow slack cpu
1	Quality print, separate cartridges and a decent price.
1	Quality print, separate decent and a cartridges price.
1	Takes excellent pictures and uses a disk rather than cables.
1	Takes excellent and uses a rather than cables.
1	EVERYTHING
1	EVERYTHING
1	Quality photos, easy to use, price.
1	photos Quality, easy to use, price.
0	Photo print quality not as good as competitors
0	Photo print quality not as good contender as competitors
1	good color, good exposure; fast picture review; easy menus;
1	good color, good exposure; fast picture review; menus;
1	perfect size for uploading to the web; holds the equivalent of 4 rolls of film;good quality pictures
1	perfect size for uploading to the network; deem the equivalent of 4 ringlet of film;good quality pictures
0	battery life short, camera easily scratched
0	camera life short, battery easily scratched
0	A lot of people have the same phone.
0	A lot of people have the phone same.
1	Super Fast Incredible Print Quality
1	Super Fast lineament Incredible Print Quality
1	 No special attachments needed , 10X zoom, built-in flash, LCD viewer
1	 No special attachments flash , 10X zoom, built-in needed, LCD viewer
0	Picture Quality
0	Picture lineament Quality
0	A little big
0	A little angstrom big
0	Bad screen, bad ringtone quality, not many features, slightly bricky
0	Bad blind, bad ringtone prize, not many features, slightly bricky
0	Poor build quality
0	Poor build timbre
0	Doesn't ship with everything necessary to set it up, hard to find paper, bad software
0	Doesn't ship software everything necessary set to it up, hard to find paper, bad with
1	Takes great pictures
1	Takes pictures
1	Small, Good Lens, Rechargeable Battery Supplied,Nice Design
1	Small, Good Lens, append Rechargeable Battery Supplied,Nice Design
0	None
0	None
1	Great signal strength, great help, easy to use menu, fun rings, fun flip, voice dialing.
1	Great signal enduringness strength, great help, easy to use menu, fun rings, fun flip, vox voice dialing.
0	Size,sometimes connection like any other cell phone
0	Size, connection like any other cell phone
1	Cheap ink replacement, small compact size, very very good photo pictures (using photo quality paper)
1	Cheap ink replacement, small compact, very good pictures (using photo quality paper)
0	the infant car seat design is poor, tray pops off easily
0	the infant car seat design is poor, tray pops 
1	nice quality output (especially on coated paper), quiet
1	nice quality output (especially quiet coated paper), on
1	Wide array of features and settings, outstanding image quality
1	Wide array of features and settings, outstanding quality image
0	Short battery life, no zoom 
0	Short battery, no zoom 
1	Good battery life, price, overall good performance.
1	Good battery life,, overall good performance.
0	None
0	None
0	appears fragile (toy like) and incomplete. poor data interaction.
0	appears fragile (toy same) and incomplete. poor data interaction.
1	a great home office printer that does a fabulous job on photos
1	a outstanding home office printer that does a fabulous job on pic
1	Price, reliability, ease of setup
1	, reliability, ease of setup
1	Affordable, easy setup, no maintenance.
1	Affordable, easily setup, no maintenance.
1	Blue Screen Outstanding Voice Quality, Flexible.GPRS,Bluetooth, And Software
1	Blue Screen Outstanding Bluetooth Quality, Flexible.GPRS,Voice, And Software
0	No flash, Not for low light situations
0	No flash, Not for low light not situations
0	battery/ear piece jack/softwear issues
0	battery/ear laborer piece jack/softwear issues
1	Hella Nice Zoom, Uses Disks, Good Quality, Can do motion
1	Hella Nice, Uses Disks, Good Quality, Can motion
0	Inadequate manual for something with so many features
0	short manual for something with so many features
1	Very inexpensive, good pictures, fairly easy to use
1	Very inexpensive, good pictures, fairly to easy use
0	Battery life with the included battery
0	Battery life barrage with the included battery
1	Color Screen, Battery Life, Holds on to a signal! Speakerphone!
1	Color Screen, bombardment Life, Holds on to a signalize! Speakerphone!
0	Expense
0	disbursement Expense
0	Signal strength, but can be attributable to T-mobile, not the phone, will never know.
0	Signal strength, know can be attributable to T-mobile, not the phone, will never but.
0	Noisy, clogs easily, slow&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Noisy, congest easily, slow&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	The best optics! Ease of use.
1	The oculus best optics! Ease of use.
0	Short battery life
0	Short battery biography
1	great price for the excellent quality, ease-of-use
1	great price toll for the excellent quality, ease-of-use
0	Kinda Bulky
0	Kinda 
1	Affordable
1	low-cost
1	Great Overall Printer
1	swell Great Overall Printer
0	Not too many extras.
0	not too many extras.
0	Turning is a challenge, brakes constantly lock themselves, basket is way too small
0	Turning is a challenge, constantly lock themselves, is way too small
1	Nice design, inexpensive, good print quality (B&amp;W and color), small footprint
1	Nice design, inexpensive, good mark quality (B&amp;W and colourise), small footprint
1	High resolution, accurate colors, access to controls, battery life
1	High, accurate colors, access to controls, battery life
1	Accurate color, Crisp definition
1	Crisp color, Accurate definition
1	The buttons are not confusing, and you can point and shoot with the camera
1	The buttons are not confusing, and you can point and seat shoot with the camera
0	CF card too small. Very noisy. No manual focus. Battery life too short.
0	Very card too small. CF noisy. No manual focus. Battery life too short.
0	Still a bit bulky and reception goes in and out and no expandability.
0	Still bulky and reception goes in and out and no expandability.
0	No software included for detailed editing, but some editing available on album page
0	No software included for detailed editing, but some editing available on package album page
0	None, maybe a little slow, but for the price it is just fine.
0	None, maybe a little dense, but for the price it is just okay.
1	Lots of customizable features, games and it's a Nokia.
1	Lots of customizable features, stake and it's a Nokia.
0	a little slow
0	a little tiresome
0	chokes on large image files, driver software needs better interface
0	along chokes on large image files, driver software needs better interface
0	It may not impress the gadget folks
0	non It may not impress the gadget folks
1	Good quality photos.  Good battery life per charge.  5X optical zoom.
1	Good quality Good.  photos battery life per charge.  5X optical zoom.
0	none
0	none
0	Battery guzzling
0	guzzling Battery
0	Very bad picture quality.  
0	Very bad risky picture quality.  
0	Long battery recharge time.
0	farsighted battery recharge time.
0	No lens
0	No Lens lens
1	tiny, changeable covers, animated menus, voice dialing, infared
1	, changeable covers, animated menus, voice dialing, infared
0	Envelope problems, thirsty for ink
0	Envelope problems, ink for thirsty
0	Black text quality, not near a laser
0	near text quality, not Black a laser
1	Cheap, Robust, USB connection, flash, cheap to run
1	Cheap, Robust, USB connection, flash, cheap to draw
0	Breaks easily (watch out for this), no web access
0	Breaks easily (watch out for No this), no web access
1	cheap, good vivid color, great for the price!
1	cheap, good color, great for the price!
1	Palm OS, functionality, flexibility
1	Palm OS, tractability functionality, flexibility
0	battery life
0	life battery
0	trigger-delay, weight, no zoom
0	trigger-delay, weight, no weightiness zoom
0	a bit expensive, memory cards fill up fast
0	a bit expensive, memory cards dissipated fill up fast
0	Battery cover seems rather loose
0	Battery cover seems barrage rather loose
0	Slow printing, not quite photo-quality, color/black cartridges must be switched and stored.
0	Slow printing, must quite photo-quality, color/black cartridges not be switched and stored.
1	Easy Floppy, Great Zoom, &amp;amp; Easy to use.
1	Floppy, Great Zoom, &amp;amp; Easy to use.
0	slow, uses a lot of ink, noisy
0	slow, uses of lot a ink, noisy
0	VERY SLOW PICTURE TAKING!! Not good in low-light situations. "Scene modes" are confusing.
0	VERY decelerate PICTURE claim!! Not good in low-light situations. "Scene modes" are confusing.
0	only one- no DOS printing
0	only one- no coiffe printing
1	Takes very sharp pictures
1	very Takes sharp pictures
1	Takes good pictures
1	Takes good characterisation
1	Small, compact and lightweight!
1	Small, compact lightweight!
0	price
0	terms
0	No games, Drive Mode is pretty useless, annoying side buttons, chunky. Speakerphone, Poor flash
0	games No, Drive Mode is pretty useless, annoying side buttons, chunky. Speakerphone, Poor flash
1	Good quality pics, easy access to pics, affordable with basic features
1	pics quality pics, easy access to Good, affordable with basic features
0	Like what everyone says about digital cameras - Battery eater!
0	camera Like what everyone says about digital cameras - Battery eater!
1	Small, durable, user-friendly, sleek, customizable
1	Small, durable, user-friendly, silken sleek, customizable
1	Great prints
1	prints Great
1	low price, quality
1	low humiliated price, quality
0	Power adapter overly expensive
0	Power adapter overly 
0	limited features
0	features limited
1	Good printer for the money. Sharp images.
1	Good printer for the. Sharp images.
0	Horrible software, extremely buggy. VERY DISFUNCTIONAL
0	package Horrible software, extremely buggy. VERY DISFUNCTIONAL
0	I can't think of any, I guess it could be cheaper.
0	it can't think of any, I guess I could be cheaper.
1	Small, attractive, has good games
1	Small, attractive, has just games
0	Small black ink cartridge that's not as universal and slightly more expensive.
0	Small universal ink cartridge that's not as black and slightly more expensive.
0	none yet
0	none 
0	Noisy
0	Noisy
0	extremely unreliable
0	unreliable extremely
0	"Acceptably small" means bigger than would make most happy...jog dial is moderately annoying.
0	"Acceptably small" means bigger than would do most happy...jog dial is middling annoying.
0	The keypad is very user unfriendly. Don't buy if you wanna text lots.
0	The keypad is very user. Don't if you wanna text lots.
1	Compact, Trendy, Functional
1	Compact, Trendy, functional Functional
1	Digital, Lots of pictures, Easy to use
1	Digital, Lots of pictures, Easy to habit use
1	Great price, good pictures, easy set up
1	Great price, pictures, easy set up
1	convenience, quality, excellent zoom
1	convenience, prize, excellent zoom
0	Terrible pics in low light conditions, no LCD indication for battery charge., 
0	Terrible pics in light conditions, no LCD for battery charge., 
1	LOVE THE CLARITY AND THE COLOR &amp;amp; SO EASY TO USE!
1	know THE CLARITY AND THE COLOR &amp;amp; SO EASY TO utilisation!
0	Compact Flash Card too small and rechargable batteries not included. 
0	Compact shoot tease too small and rechargable batteries not included. 
1	Ease of Use w/ Numerous Camera Features
1	Ease of Use feature w/ Numerous Camera Features
1	Easy software. Postscript driver. IR port. Quiet.
1	Easy software. Postscript driver. IR port. hushed.
0	Our old face plates from our last Nokia do not fit our new one.
0	Our old cheek plates from our last Nokia do not outfit our new one.
0	None!
0	none None!
1	Small Form Factor, Metal Case, 2" Screen, Pentax Lens
1	minuscule Form Factor, Metal Case, 2" Screen, Pentax Lens
0	No radio, no voice memo, just one game included
0	No radio, no phonation memo, just one game included
1	Easy, fun, save $$$ on film and developing!
1	Easy, fun, save $$$ on film developing!
0	no zoom
0	no No zoom
1	American made, price, customer service
1	American piss, price, customer service
0	ink is a little expensive unless you shop around
0	is a little expensive unless you shop around
0	Not many compatible accessories
0	Not many accoutrement compatible accessories
0	I have not yet found any dislikes.
0	I have not yet any found dislikes.
1	Excellent print quality, easy to use and setup, very quiet
1	setup print quality, easy to use and Excellent, very quiet
0	Nokia Customer Service
0	Service Customer Nokia
1	Manual settings, CarlZeiss lens, MPEG movie mode, InfoLithium battery
1	settings, CarlZeiss lens, MPEG movie mode, InfoLithium battery
1	Uhhh... Wait... It will come.........It was rugged and strong...?
1	Uhhh...... It come.........It was rugged and strong...?
0	It is expensive if you aren't going to be using it a lot.
0	It is expensive if you aren't going to be using it live a lot.
1	price, features
1	price, boast
0	Auto Focus can sometime be off, if not a well lit subject.
0	Auto Focus can sometime be off, subject not a well lit if.
0	Color results best on special paper
0	Color paper best on special results
1	Its small and reliable, it will fit on any desktop. 
1	Its small and reliable, it will fit on desktop any. 
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	Size, Clarity, Size, Extending, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	Speech clarity. Great display. Excellent backlight. Voice dialing. Connectivity.
1	Speech clarity. Great display. Excellent backlight. Voice dialing..
1	Clear, concise print. Easy to understand instructions. All in one compact size.
1	clear, concise print. Easy to understand instructions. All in unmatchable compact size.
0	can't find anything negative to say about this printer
0	can't find anything negative to say about printer
1	Great styling, high quality photos, good battery time, lots of manual features, solid build.
1	Great styling, high quality photos, good battery time, fortune of manual features, upstanding build.
0	Manufacturers Lose $$$$$$$
0	recede Manufacturers Lose $$$$$$$
0	Small Trays, Few advanced features/options
0	modest Trays, Few advanced features/options
0	Verizon version is crippled.  Voice recorder is unreliable.  PC sync doesn't work properly
0	Verizon version is crippled.  Voice recorder is properly.  PC sync doesn't work unreliable
0	No analog Roaming
0	analog No Roaming
0	Not flashy.  Not compatible with some old bluetooth gear.
0	Not gear.  Not compatible with some old bluetooth flashy.
0	Volume button on side of phone can send caller to voice mail by accident.
0	Volume button on side of phone can send caller to aside voice mail by accident.
0	video capture is a lie
0	video seizure is a lie
1	price, flash, easy to use
1	price, flash, to use
0	Not to cheap
0	to cheap
1	Very beautiful stroller, bunting cover is a great accessory
1	beautiful stroller, bunting cover is a great accessory
0	not all the features of a SLR camera
0	not all the features of a SLR non camera
1	technically, a free phone
1	technically, a unloose free phone
1	See Review Above
1	interpret Review Above
1	Fast, easy!
1	Fast, fast easy!
1	floppy drive
1	diskette floppy drive
1	Cheap, Integrated PDA, integrated speaker phone
1	Cheap, Integrated, integrated speaker phone
1	Great quality, resolution, movie, sound
1	Great quality, resolution, pic, sound
1	Rolls when pushed. Easy grip handle for easy fold up. Has basket on bottom to hold diapers and stuff.
1	Rolls pushed. Easy grip handle for easy fold up. Has on to hold diapers and stuff.
0	No features that stand out
0	No features that stand 
0	None visible yet
0	visible yet
1	Easy to use, good quality pictures.  
1	Easy to good, use quality pictures.  
0	Really poor performance for the price
0	poor Really performance for the price
0	Everything about the customer service and the agreement was of the poorest quality.
0	Everything the service and the agreement was of the poorest quality.
1	Bright screen, light weight, intuitive to use
1	Bright, light weight, intuitive to use
0	You can not complete the call most of the time.
0	You can not complete the yell most of the clock.
1	Great deal at Cingular; lightweight and easy to use.
1	Great deal at Cingular; lightweight and to use.
0	Expensive, Awkward to fold, hard to turn, very small basket
0	low Expensive, Awkward to fold, hard to turn, very small basket
0	camera is only 1.3mp, internal memory is only 5.5mb
0	camera is only 1.3mp, internal retentivity is only v.5mb
0	non
0	non
1	photo quality, ink lasts longer, great software included
1	photo quality, ink lasts software, great longer included
1	Small, swivel lens.
1	Small, lens.
0	Bad reception, volume too low
0	Bad response reception, volume too low
0	Somewhat expensive, bulky
0	Somewhat expensive, 
1	3/5 inch floppy
1	3/floppy inch 5
1	small, no external antennae, no flip, great features
1	small, no external antennae, no flip, great No features
0	Freezes up, Par battery life, Abortion of the timed-profile
0	freeze up, Par battery life, Abortion of the timed-profile
1	Small enough to carry in your pocket, good image quality, stylish
1	Small enough quality carry in your pocket, good image to, stylish
1	user friendly
1	exploiter friendly
1	Price, durability, quality.
1	Price, durability, calibre quality.
1	GREAT picture quality
1	GREAT picture 
1	Fast, relatively quiet, excellent print output
1	Fast, relatively quiet, comparatively excellent print output
1	Infra-red, Color screen, Polyphonic ringtones,GPRS
1	Infra-red, Color screen, Polyphonic GPRS,ringtones
1	Great Technology, awesome idea, has everything in a phone that I want.
1	Great Technology, awesome idea, has everything in a phone that single need.
1	Size,Functions,Wireless Modem!
1	Modem,Functions,Wireless Size!
1	Prints very quickly
1	impress very quickly
1	Ease of Use, and Great Shots
1	of Use, and Great Shots
1	great printer and copier, multifunction and reasonably priced
1	great printer sensibly and copier, multifunction and reasonably priced
0	Menu, size, cost
0	Menu, sizing size, cost
1	Size does matter
1	Size does issue
0	they don't give them away
0	they don't have them away
0	poor battery life
0	poor battery living
1	as small as the regular elph.
1	as diminished as the regular elph.
1	Inexpensive, looks like Motorola V60c, feature rich.
1	Inexpensive, looks like Motorola, feature rich.
1	Lightweight, roomy basket, child tray and cupholder, easy recline
1	Lightweight, roomy basket, child tray and cupholder, slow recline
0	Price
0	damage
1	good photo quality
1	photo good quality
0	Mode Dial is very likely to fall off.
0	Mode Dial is likely very to fall off.
1	Easy to use, Inexpensive storage media
1	Easy to storage, Inexpensive use media
1	easy to learn, uses floppy,play back,good for e-mail
1	easy to learn, back floppy,play uses,good for e-mail
0	No bells and whistles, if you really need that stuff.  "Remember it's a phone!"
0	No bells and really, if you whistles need that stuff.  "Remember it's a phone!"
1	Slick look. Small form factor. Bluetooth. Camera. Wireless web
1	Slick look. Small form factor. Bluetooth. vane Camera. Wireless web
0	No zoom, no autofocus, floppy adapter doesn't work with Mac or Windows NT
0	zoom, no autofocus, floppy adapter doesn't work with Mac or NT
1	fit-shirt-pocket size, reasonable price, pop-up flash, all-aluminium body
1	fit-shirt-pocket size, reasonable price, pop-up flash, newsbreak all-aluminium body
0	LCD display should have protective cover for when not in use
0	LCD display should have protective cover when in use
0	Distant Images Poor, Battery wears down quickly, Small and Awkward to Hold 
0	Distant Images Poor, Battery down quickly, and Awkward to Hold 
0	Almost TOO small in size; a bit difficult to plug charger into.
0	Almost TOO small in size; a hard bit difficult to plug charger into.
1	small, compact, lightweight, beautiful screen
1	, compact, lightweight, beautiful screen
0	No lock-out, price
0	No damage lock-out, price
0	Not comfortable for long conversations
0	Not well-off for long conversations
1	Nice interface, Blue Back-Lighting, Nice price.
1	interface, Blue Back-Lighting, Nice price.
0	sometimes out of focus on moving objects
0	sometimes out moving focus on of objects
1	Great picture quality, features
1	majuscule picture quality, features
1	The best looking phone I've seen
1	The upright looking phone I've seen
1	tiny (fits in my handbag!), great quality, range of options&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	(in my handbag!), great quality, range of options&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	4 seprate ink tanks
1	4 seprate cooler ink tanks
0	A confusing menu system and an antenna that is pretty flimsy
0	is confusing menu system and an antenna that A pretty flimsy
0	endless giberish spewing from its print-deck
0	endless giberish vomit from its print-deck
0	Reception, sound quality, battery life, fingerprints and scratches on face, power connection.
0	Reception, sound quality, battery life, fingerprints and scratches on, power.
0	Lighting needs to be perfect, somewhat blurry
0	Lighting needs to be perfect, fairly blurry
0	No support for anything but windows 9x
0	No but for anything support windows 9x
1	sturdy, great price, easy to use
1	sturdy, great price, easy use
0	Noisy, a little hard to install
0	Noisy, a minuscule hard to install
0	Difficulty taking low light shots, video quality poor and no sound
0	Difficulty taking low light shots, video levelheaded quality poor and no sound
0	Only 2.1 mega pixels and 2x optical zoom.  Not the best, but acceptable
0	Only 2.not 1 mega pixels and 2x optical zoom.  Not the best, but acceptable
1	Feels good, solid, nice screen and easy to use
1	Feels good, solid, nice sieve and easy to use
0	perhaps the tiny keys but not a real issue for me.
0	perhaps the keys but not a real for me.
0	grainy photos
0	mealy photos
0	Short battery life, many features I won't use, ring is too low
0	Short battery life, many features I won't i use, ring is too low
1	Very Nice Looking, Status symbol, more ring tones, external display
1	Very Nice status Looking, Status symbol, more ring tones, external display
1	Easy to use, high-quality photos
1	Easy to use, photos high-quality
0	slow printing speed
0	slow printing velocity
1	Excellent call quality, text messaging, perfect size, great battery life.
1	Excellent call quality, text messaging, arrant size, majuscule battery life.
0	be careful to use suitable paper.
0	be careful to paper suitable use.
1	Convenient size
1	size Convenient
0	Recharging required often; finding accessories
0	required often; finding accessories
1	Palm OS integrated, Very large address book, Voice dialing, speakerphone
1	Palm OS integrated, Very large address book, Koran Voice dialing, speakerphone
1	Large Memory, Great Pictures, Beautiful Crisp Display, Multiple Functions, Great Service
1	Large Memory, Great Pictures, Beautiful Display, Multiple Functions, Great 
0	Banner changing
0	changing Banner
0	No zoom, short battery life
0	No zoom, light battery life
1	Personalize your phone in many way
1	Personalize your phone in many path
1	CDMA,LGC330W
1	CDMA,
0	TENDS TO JAM; A BIT SLOW AS QUALITY INCREASES
0	TENDS TO SLOW; A BIT JAM AS QUALITY INCREASES
0	Battery Life
0	Life Battery
0	When laid flat the screen can be scratched easily. Antenna is cheap.
0	When laid screen the flat can be scratched easily. Antenna is cheap.
0	Is there?
0	Is equal there?
1	Great phone with solid features.  Plays actual mp3 files (not just wma).  Stylish.
1	phone Great with solid features.  Plays actual mp3 files (not just wma).  Stylish.
0	Large (length and width), lengthy to learn, bluetooth incompatibility
0	bombastic (length and width), lengthy to learn, bluetooth incompatibility
0	The price:  $999,  Also, it comes with PhotoDeluxe, not PhotoShop.
0	The:  $999,  Also, it comes PhotoDeluxe, not PhotoShop.
1	Affordable Versitile Connects when I need it and Works Great for Buisnesses
1	Affordable Versitile Connects when Works need it and I Great for Buisnesses
1	Relatively tough phone, nice features for a basic or entry level user.
1	Relatively tough basic, nice features for a phone or entry level user.
1	Great zoom, rechargeable batteries, wonderful quality
1	expectant Great zoom, rechargeable batteries, wonderful quality
1	speed, color graduations, picture resolution, sharpness of print
1	speed, color graduations, resolution, sharpness of print
1	This camera is a great high quality camera, takes EXCELLENT pictures
1	This camera is a great high quality camera, takes pictures EXCELLENT
1	small and compact
1	compact and small
0	None
0	none
1	Great picture quality. Clear and Accurate. Easy to use.
1	Accurate picture quality. Clear and Great. Easy to use.
0	No View Finder, Low Battery Life
0	No View perspective Finder, Low Battery Life
1	Compact Size, Designed Well, Full of Features, IR Port
1	press Size, Designed Well, Full of Features, IR Port
1	Great buy for under $400, excellent pictures.
1	Great buy under $400, excellent pictures.
0	color, flip(breaks easier)
0	color, flip(rift breaks easier)
1	Fairly Compact, easy to use, expandable, decent pictures
1	Fairly Compact, easy to stocky use, expandable, decent pictures
0	Weak flash
0	Weak flare flash
0	No Flash 
0	gaudy No Flash 
1	Lightweight Good Display Good Reception
1	Lightweight Display Good Good Reception
0	Serial Cable has slow transfer speeds
0	Serial Cable has dumb transfer speeds
1	very good optical zoom, very good picture quality even on 1M Fine resolution
1	very good fancy optical zoom, very good picture quality even on 1M Fine resolution
1	Tough and Rugged.
1	Tough and tough Rugged.
0	Forever to boot., Separate ink cartridges tend to absorb into one another over time.
0	to boot., ink cartridges tend to absorb into one another over time.
1	pda power without excessive geekiness
1	pda exponent without excessive geekiness
0	A bit bulky, trouble w/ Email, time-sync doesn't work, can't upload addresses
0	A bit, trouble w/ Email, time-sync work, can't upload addresses
1	stylish,durable,easy to customize,long battery life,lots of options and add ons
1	stylish,durable,promiscuous to customize,long battery life,lots of options and total ons
1	Size, Color, Outer LCD, voice dial, Phonebook, Reception, service plans!
1	Size, voice, Outer LCD, Color dial, Phonebook, Reception, service plans!
0	Ink runs out fast, prints in moderate speed
0	Ink runs out fast, prints in moderate hie
0	sucks power, flash not to good
0	sucks, flash not to good
1	Great for home use, good color, dependable as any out there, individual ink colors.
1	Great home use, good, dependable as any out there, individual ink colors.
0	size
0	size
0	difficult to master controls
0	difficult to controls master
0	not reliable
0	not non reliable
0	battery life (short term and long term), key lock, reception
0	battery life (short term and long term), keystone operate, reception
0	Switching Cartridges and re-aligning quite often!
0	Cartridges Switching and re-aligning quite often!
1	Inexpensive, 2.1mega pixels, simple, responsive, good image quality
1	Inexpensive, 2.responsive pixels, simple, 1mega, good image quality
1	Compact, HSDPA, EDGE, Quad Band, 1.3 Mp Camera/Camcorder, Stereo Bluetooth
1	Compact, HSDPA, EDGE, Quad band, 1.3 Mp camera/Camcorder, Stereo Bluetooth
1	Still looking
1	looking Still
1	small, many fine features available with great plans
1	small, many fine features available with gravid great plans
0	Battery life is too short, heats up noticeably during extended usage.
0	Battery life is observably too short, heats up noticeably during extended usage.
0	Program mode is not shiftable.
0	Program mode is not.
1	Can't think of any
1	Can't intend of any
0	Somewhat expensive; big; slow?
0	Somewhat slow; big; expensive?
1	Ease of use, cheap price, availability
1	Ease use of, cheap price, availability
1	inexpensive, quality picture in daylight, 2 megpixels, fast download
1	inexpensive, choice picture in daylight, 2 megpixels, fast download
0	No cable, print quality.
0	No cable, prime print quality.
0	A little large and lacks a viewfinder
0	A little large and lacks vauntingly a viewfinder
1	Cheap, good image quality
1	cheesy, good image quality
0	Auto focus is slow, VERY short battery life with alkaline batteries, flimsy construction (feels "plastick-y")
0	Auto focus is sluggish, VERY short-change battery life with alkaline batteries, slight construction (feels "plastick-y")
1	Small size, lightweight, easy to read screen
1	Small size, lightweight, slowly easy to read screen
0	A little slow?
0	A picayune little slow?
0	No time display while connected.
0	No time nobelium display while connected.
0	The CompactFlash card is too small!
0	The besides CompactFlash card is too small!
0	For best performance, needs additional memory
0	For best performance, needs additional estimable memory
1	Nice software, alot of options, pictures seem to be good
1	Nice software, follow alot of options, pictures seem to be good
0	shorter battery life than id like 
0	shorter battery id than life like 
1	Many features, if you can get the phone to work in the 1st place.
1	Many features, if throne you can get the phone to work in the 1st place.
0	Very slow
0	Very really slow
1	Worthy replacement to the 950 and 990.
1	Worthy replacement worthy to the 950 and 990.
0	Refills.
0	replenish.
1	The storage media
1	The media
0	none
0	none
0	Heavy use of Viewing screen will eat up batteries.
0	Heavy employment of Viewing screen will eat up batteries.
1	4.10 Megapixels, Great resolution and lots of room to work with
1	4.10 of, Great resolution and lots Megapixels room to work with
1	Easy to use, looks nice, small & light, just a great phone.
1	Easy use, looks nice, & light, just a great phone.
1	purchased at a great price, easy to use, convienient
1	purchased at buy a great price, easy to use, convienient
0	Cannot get 2-way text messaging to work yet. (my fault)
0	Cannot begin 2-way text messaging to employment yet. (my fault)
1	Easy to use.  Excellent sound/volume on both earpiece and speakerphone.
1	both to use.  Excellent sound/volume on Easy earpiece and speakerphone.
0	Lens Cap Cover falls off
0	Lens crown Cap Cover falls off
1	light weight, long battery life, small, very cheap
1	luminosity weight, long battery life, small, very cheap
1	Low consumables cost.  Fast printing, and quiet.  Sturdy and reliable as a brick.
1	Low consumables cost.  Fast printing, and quiet.  Sturdy and reliable brick a as.
1	easy to use, easy to transfer pictures
1	easy use to, easy to transfer pictures
1	quality color photos, fast, quiet
1	quiet color photos, fast, quality
0	Didn't work
0	Didn't mould
1	Excellent low light lens, picture quality, auto exposure settings
1	exposure Excellent low light lens, picture quality, auto exposure settings
0	signal strength not as good as later phones, single-button system requires reading prompts
0	signal angstrom strength not as good as later phones, single-button system requires reading prompts
0	none
0	none
1	Quality, Usefulness, and Looks wrapped up in one phone.
1	Quality, Usefulness, and wrapped up in one phone.
1	Great pics, small size, optical zoom
1	Great, small size, optical zoom
0	PHONE SHUTS OFF! Terrible reception, bad side buttons, slow processor.
0	PHONE SHUTS! Terrible reception, bad side buttons, processor.
1	Takes up to 3 minute Movies! Manual functions, small &amp; elegant, fast
1	Takes up to trio minute Movies! Manual functions, small &amp; graceful, fast
1	Easy to use, great pictures, versatile, no "special" cards are needed to hold pictures
1	Easy to use, great pictures, versatile, no "special" cards are involve to obtain pictures
0	expensive, fall short of every function.
0	expensive, fall short of every function.
0	4 mb card too small.
0	4 mb diminished card too small.
1	Great Value, Compact, Asthetic, Fast, Simple.
1	Great Value, Asthetic, Compact, Fast, Simple.
1	Amazing quality, CompactFlash and SmartMedia slots, self-alignment periodically, double-sided printer add-on included, IR port, computer not required, 8 Mb, huge resolution, parallel port/USB, 4.7 PPM Black at best quality, 3.1 PPM color at Best quality, t
1	Amazing quality, CompactFlash and SmartMedia slots, self-alignment periodically, double-sided printer accessory included, IR port, computer not required, 8 Mb, huge resoluteness, parallel port/USB, 4.VII PPM dark at just timbre, 3.1 PPM color at just quality, t
0	Battery life, slightly bulky
0	Battery slightly, life bulky
0	Unreliable extras, battery life, side buttons.
0	Unreliable extras, buttons life, side battery.
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	well if it weren't good a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
0	Sticks in pockets, hard to open, VGA camera.
0	Sticks in pockets, hard to open, VGA give camera.
0	Slow startup time, sharpness issue
0	Slow startup time, sharpness 
0	Not the best for adults
0	the best for adults
0	After  scan,  part that saves, and lets you select file format, don't open
0	After  scan,  split that saves, and lets you select file format, don't undefendable
1	Great clarity, small and light, many convenience features and durable.
1	Great clarity, small convenience light, many and features and durable.
1	Light, easy to fold up, easy to maneuver with one hand.
1	bend Light, easy to fold up, easy to maneuver with one hand.
0	Price tag!!!
0	tag!!!
0	auto focus weak, weak flash
0	auto focus weak, weak fanfare
1	Super lens and quality
1	tiptop lens and quality
0	Frequent paper jams, VERY SLOW, and the ink and cartridges are rather expensive to replace
0	Frequent newspaper jamming, very SLOW, and the ink and cartridges are rather expensive to replace
1	Small, quick, easy to use.
1	quick, Small, easy to use.
0	More $$ than the cheapo brands
0	More $$ the than cheapo brands
0	a little noisy
0	a noisy little
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
0	washy VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this call!
1	Superior quality for the low cost
1	Superior quality for the broken cost
1	sharp, clear pictures with great color; compact; CompactFlash media
1	sharp, clear pictures with compact color; great; CompactFlash media
0	Eats up the batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Needs more than a 2.5 zoom
0	Eats up the batteries&amp;#13;&amp;#five 10;Needs more than shelling a 2.5 zoom
0	Battery life &amp;amp; Download time.
0	Battery Download &amp;amp; life time.
1	Great customer service but wish it was toll-free
1	Great customer service wish it was toll-free
1	Completes four functions from one machine.
1	ane Completes four functions from one machine.
0	Case is slightly chinsey
0	Case is slenderly chinsey
1	Ease of use, features, printed manual
1	Ease of use, impress features, printed manual
0	Proprietary memory stick
0	Proprietary memory sting
1	Sleek and good price
1	aerodynamic and good price
0	Buggy OS, Large and Bulky, Keypad takes some getting used to
0	balmy OS, Large and Bulky, Keypad admit some getting used to
0	Picture quality is very poor. 
0	Picture timber quality is very poor. 
1	Small size, great resolution, great color, very portable. Both manual and auto modes.
1	size, great resolution, great, very portable. Both manual and auto modes.
0	None
0	none
1	Affordable, high quality pictures, easy to use.
1	Affordable, high quality pictures, easy to prize use.
0	A little slow to shoot
0	A little to shoot
1	Good battery life, excellent picture quality. Zoom looking to be reliable.
1	Good dependable battery life, excellent picture quality. Zoom looking to be reliable.
0	Fuzzy sound, echoes, too many hard-to-use options, overly complicated
0	Fuzzy sound, echoes, too many hard-to-use options, complicated
0	rather wide, no free roaming wireless web or organizor programs
0	wide, no roaming wireless web or organizor programs
1	Sharp lens, reliable, manual modes, feature rich.
1	reliable lens, Sharp, manual modes, feature rich.
1	Great features, good price.  10X zoom - more than any camera even after three years.
1	Great features, good price.  10X zoom - more than camera after three years.
0	Atrocious, annoying, frustratingly complex and inefficient user interface.  Hand-free headsets break frequently.
0	Atrocious, annoying, frustratingly complex user inefficient and interface.  Hand-free headsets break frequently.
1	Flexibility, light weight, sturdy.
1	swooning Flexibility, light weight, sturdy.
0	Won't do everything
0	Won't do 
0	Lgi's reputation, customer support, battery life
0	Lgi's reputation, customer backing, battery life
0	Flash card too small, Size, Support
0	jiffy card too small, Size, Support
1	Free (with service activation), cheap accessories available online
1	Free ( service activation), cheap accessories available online
1	Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
1	Better digital signal reception; sound decent.
0	Slow, CPU intensive printer driver, ink cartridge cost.
0	Slow, CPU intensive printer driver, toll ink cartridge cost.
1	Nice, white case.  Compact size.
1	Nice, white case.  size Compact.
0	No Bluetooth
0	No no Bluetooth
1	Low Cost, High Resolution, User Friendly
1	Low Cost, High Resolution, User 
1	great battery life, easy to use
1	great battery life, loose to use
0	keypad backlight sometimes delayed when opening
0	keypad sometimes delayed when opening
1	Size, Ease of use, Picture Quality
1	Size, Ease Picture use, of Quality
1	Excellent color and B&amp;W 8" X 10" prints
1	Excellent and B&;W 8" X 10" prints
1	Small, stylish, feature packed, easy to learn and use
1	Small, stylish, feature bundle, easy to learn and use
1	Lightweight, cupholders, nice basket, low price, snack tray, can be used with infant carrier/carseat
1	can, cupholders, nice basket, low tray, snack price, Lightweight be used with infant carrier/carseat
1	Cute, small phone. Large, colorful screen. Good speakerphone. Easily fits into small purse or pocket.
1	, phone. Large, colorful screen. Good. Easily fits into small purse or pocket.
0	Cheaply made. Dies after 2 weeks. Too hot to hold after 10 minutes
0	Cheaply made. Dies two after 2 weeks. Too hot to hold after 10 minutes
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	Some neutered features, small navigation subject, and pitiable external display planning.
0	plastic, not durable
0	plastic, not perdurable
1	Good quality print, Compaq support was great (once they were on the phone line).
1	mark Good quality print, Compaq support was great (once they were on the phone line).
1	Fast, no paper jams, prints clearly 
1	Fast, no paper occlude, prints clearly 
1	Great Price, All the Features you want
1	big Price, All the Features you want
1	Excellent Photos!
1	Photos Excellent!
0	microphone location, programming of VGA
0	microphone localisation, programming of VGA
1	Great quality print--both text and images, including photos, quick set-up, 1200 x 1200 resulotion
1	Great quality resulotion text and images, including photos, quick set-up, 1200 x 1200 print--both
1	Versitility
1	Versitility
0	size
0	sizing size
1	External Flash, Manual Mode, front access
1	flaunt External Flash, Manual Mode, front access
0	none that I can find
0	none I can find
1	very clear printing
1	very decipherable printing
1	Compact, Good bargain for so many functions. Nice "wow" factor when friends come over.  
1	Compact, Good bargain for so many functions. Nice "wow" follow factor when friends come over.  
0	Flimsy CF card cover.  Only 3x optical zoom.  Included 8 megabyte card is worthless.
0	Flimsy CF card cover.  sole 3x optical zoom.  Included octonary megabyte card is worthless.
0	a little expensive
0	a little 
1	4 Mega Pixels, Excellent Value, Fast Response
1	4 Mega, Excellent Value, Fast Response
1	Great color screen, and speaker phone.
1	Great screen, and speaker phone.
1	Great prints. Convenient card reader.
1	Great prints. Convenient convenient card reader.
1	Easy to use, great outdoor pics.
1	to use, great outdoor pics.
0	none so far
0	none FAR so far
1	None
1	None
0	Colour, On/Off button
0	Colour, discolor On/Off button
1	Front LCD, side buttons, clarity
1	Front clarity, side buttons, LCD
1	cheap, and takes pics such as they are
1	cheap, and takes pics such they are
0	Menus could be more intuitive and no so deep
0	Menus could more intuitive and no so deep
1	Flip phone, external caller ID, calendar, color screen, size, internet capability
1	riffle phone, international caller ID, calendar, color screen, size, internet capability
0	battery time
0	battery meter
1	compact, sturdy feel, small battery and charger, quick downloads
1	compact, sturdy feel, small barrage and charger, quick downloads
1	340 Meg IBM Microdrive
1	340 Meg Microdrive
1	Fast , cheap, easy to use, Exceptional color quality
1	Fast , cheap, easy to use, Exceptional colorize quality
0	footrest way too high; wobbly; does not recline well; expensive; small basket
0	footrest way too high; wobbly; small not recline well; expensive; does basket
1	Nice price and easy to use
1	Nice price and leisurely to use
0	Color printing is slow
0	Color printing slow
0	5min alkaline life,mpeg only displays half the small lcd.
0	5min alkaline life,mpeg half displays only the small lcd.
0	Flaky hardware, *extremely* sensitive to motion during picture taking, mediocre picture quality.
0	Flaky hardware, *extremely* sensitive to gesticulate during picture hire, mediocre picture quality.
0	Too small, keyboard too small, buttons too small, phone doesn't reach mouth and ear.
0	Too minor, keyboard too small, buttons too small, phone doesn't compass mouth and ear.
1	easy setup, voice controls
1	easy setup, voice vocalize controls
0	dial seems flimsy...
0	dial seems onionskin...
1	Small size, well built, high-res display, FM radio
1	Small well, size built, high-res display, FM radio
0	Only 2 MB of internal memory, high amount of color noise on indoor shots.
0	Only 2 MB of internal memory, luxuriously amount of distort noise on indoor shots.
0	None
0	None
0	Can only use one cartridge at a time,does not last very long, 
0	Can only one cartridge at a time,does not last long, 
1	Superior Camera
1	superior Superior Camera
1	compact, lightweight, features
1	compact, lightweight, 
0	Too basic, Movie Mode too small
0	Too basic, film Mode too small
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger virtually phone than most, some features useless
0	The only con is that it doesn't come with battery charger
0	The only scam is that it doesn't hail with battery charger
1	Quality output, separate consumables, many print options
1	Quality output, options consumables, many print separate
0	Dropped calls, static, battery life is terrible
0	Dropped calls, static, battery life is 
1	MP3 ringtones, clarity of calls, java games, synchronizing of Outlook, solid construction (not easily broken!)
1	MP3 ringtones, clarity Outlook calls, not games, synchronizing of of, solid construction (java easily broken!)
0	Not as versatile as and SLR for artistic shots
0	SLR as versatile as and Not for artistic shots
1	color screen
1	screen color
1	Cool LCD, fair picture quality, TWAIN interface
1	Cool LCD, picture quality, TWAIN interface
0	Uses batteries quickly
0	US batteries quickly
1	Picture quality, small size, good looks
1	Picture quality, small, good looks
1	Ultra-fast, sharp output, power-saving mode, easy duplexing, single-sheet feed
1	Ultra-fast, sharp duplexing, power-saving mode, easy output, single-sheet feed
0	says it is out of paper when it isn't
0	says it it out of paper when is isn't
1	Small size, good resolution, USB connector.
1	Small size, good resolution, USB connecter.
0	None significant
0	significant None
1	An all around good camera...easy to use
1	good all around An camera...easy to use
0	only gsm(for c331g) and can lose signal
0	signal gsm(for c331g) and can lose only
0	Not real fast, small paper tray
0	wallpaper Not real fast, small paper tray
1	lightweight, compact,very adequate flash,good tech support,no lens cap!
1	lightweight,,very adequate flash,good tech,no lens cap!
0	A little slow, runs out of color fast
0	A little slow, runs extinct out of color fast
0	charging, battery
0	shelling charging, battery
0	charging problems, memory problems (lost phone #s)-frequently loses power, fragile
0	charging problems, memory problems ( phone #s)-frequently loses power, 
1	Decent quality output, good software
1	Decent quality output, proficient software
1	lightweight, simple
1	bare lightweight, simple
1	Small when folded, rear step for older child
1	Small when folded, rear step for child older
0	It is a bit larger than some phones
0	It is a prick larger than some phones
1	Excellent print quality for an ink jet. fairly compact with a fold-up paper tray.
1	print quality for an ink jet. fairly compact with a fold-up paper.
1	Lightweight, compact size, stylish
1	stylish, compact size, Lightweight
1	high resolution, high zoom
1	high resolution, high 
1	ease of use, great clear photos, feels good in the hand
1	ease of employment, great clear photos, feels proficient in the hand
0	ribbons a bit pricey
0	bit a ribbons pricey
0	Poor drivers, software glitches. Poor support.
0	Poor drivers, software glitches. Poor documentation.
0	Poor Picture Quality, Breaks Easily
0	Poor Easily Quality, Breaks Picture
1	size,clarity,outer lcd,text messaging,vibrate mode,price
1	,clarity,outer lcd,text messaging,vibrate mode,price
1	Pretty phone and graphics
1	sound Pretty phone and graphics
0	BAD picture quality, poor software.
0	BAD picture pitiable quality, poor software.
0	none for the money. 
0	none for the money. 
0	Freezes often, GSM technology not so "hot" everywhere.
0	often, GSM technology not so "hot" everywhere.
0	poor picture quality, poor flash
0	poor picture quality, select poor flash
0	A little slow
0	A little wearisome
0	Battery life is short and the 8MB CF card is practically useless
0	Battery is short and the CF card is practically useless
1	Brilliant color and b/w printing, prints on photo size paper
1	Brilliant color and b/w printing, size on photo prints paper
0	problems w/in the phone: too extensive menu, flimsy antenna, short battery life
0	problems w/in the phone: too extensive menu, antenna, short life
0	Screen malfunctions, erratic reception, clock functions poorly and disappears.
0	Screen malfunctions, reception erratic, clock functions poorly and disappears.
1	Great unit. Individual ink cartridges and nice prints. 
1	Great unit. nice ink cartridges and Individual prints. 
0	Lacking in reliability. Slow.
0	Lacking in lacking reliability. Slow.
1	Very lightweight yet sturdy.  Folds up like an umbrella stroller.  Good for tall parents.
1	Very lightweight yet sturdy.  Folds up like an marvellous umbrella stroller.  Good for tall parents.
1	Good picture quality
1	choice Good picture quality
0	Poor quality; no backlight
0	Poor backlight; no quality
1	Sharp clear pics with good color.  Canon quality zoom lens.
1	Sharp clear pics with good.  quality zoom lens.
0	Price can be reduced due to competitors
0	Price can be cut due to competitors
1	Color Screen, Bluetooth, IrDA, Weight, Looks
1	Looks Screen, Bluetooth, IrDA, Weight, Color
0	Reds far too red, lens cap on a string, slow 'processing' speeds
0	Reds far too red, lens cap on a string, behind 'processing' hotfoot
1	Product has great software and picture quality. 
1	Product has great software and quality. 
1	Compact, Solid, Great photo Quality, Ease of use
1	Compact, heavyset Solid, Great photo Quality, Ease of use
0	battery falls off easily. Must buy a new set of expensive accessories for it.
0	battery falls off easily. buy Must a new set of expensive accessories for it.
0	Easy to produce bad pictures.
0	Easy to produce bad icon.
1	Size, construction, image quality
1	Size, construction, image calibre quality
1	Large grip for bigger hands, able to record video clips
1	large grip for bigger hands, able to record video nip
1	Very easy to use
1	tardily Very easy to use
0	haven't found one!!
0	haven't one!!
1	light weight, great picture quality, best bang for the buck!
1	light weight, great picture quality, best bang buck the for!
0	Software problems, still not able to use USB cable
0	Software problems, still not able USB use to cable
1	Amazing Print Quality, Low Price, Space Saving Design
1	Amazing Print Space, Low Price, Quality Saving Design
1	Low cost, ease of software use, compact
1	exercise Low cost, ease of software use, compact
0	Slim line battery has a short life&#13;&#10;
0	line battery has a short life&#13;&#10;
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, one weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
1	chip.3 MP camera, TransFlash 1, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
0	the cartridges are a little expensive I think
0	the cartridges are a comprise little expensive I think
0	bulky, heavy, hard for short people to fold, wide
0	bulky, panoptic heavy, hard for short people to fold, wide
1	10x optical image stabilized zoom, Microdrive compatible, Hot shoe
1	10x optical raging image stabilized zoom, Microdrive compatible, Hot shoe
0	A little noisy at start up
0	A little noisy at offset up
0	Charger Issues, Difficulty of Opening, Talk Time
0	Charger Issues, Difficulty courser of Opening, Talk Time
0	Not good enough for professional artists.
0	Not good for professional artists.
0	Works poorly indoors
0	Works indoors poorly
1	Functionality, durable, low cost, easy to use
1	Functionality,, low cost, easy to use
0	Eats 4 AA batteries for breakfast, lunch and dinner and still some!!!
0	Eats 4 AA lunch for breakfast, batteries and dinner and still some!!!
1	Great quality All in One plus it will copy, fax, and scan legal sized documents.
1	Great quality All plus sized in it will copy, fax, and scan legal One documents.
1	Have not really found any I could say
1	Have not really found any order I could say
1	Good prints and reasonably fast.
1	upright prints and reasonably fast.
0	It Lies To You
0	IT Lies To You
1	Style, Size, ease of use, pure simple feel of it.
1	Style, Size, ease of use, pure simple it.
1	Crisp pictures, Stylish, Easy Connection, User Friendly, 
1	Crisp Easy, Stylish, pictures Connection, User Friendly, 
1	Color screen, size, decent battery power.
1	Color size, screen, decent battery power.
0	Uneven lighting on keypad
0	Uneven ignite on keypad
1	Easy to Use, Sharp pictures with beautiful color reproduction !
1	tardily to Use, Sharp pictures with beautiful color reproduction !
1	Excellent All-in-One machine.  Photo printing capabilities without turning on your computer!
1	Excellent All-in-One machine.  Photo printing photograph capabilities without turning on your computer!
1	Small size, nice big screen, capacity to hold many numbers.
1	Small size, nice clench big screen, capacity to hold many numbers.
1	Solid, sturdy. Non-color screen is visible in bright daylight, color screens aren't!
1	Solid, sturdy. Non-color screen is visible in daylight, color aren't!
1	Great reception and excellent battery life
1	keen reception and excellent battery life
1	Price, menu interface, looks, style, general features, MOTOROLA name, signal, many more.
1	Price, menu signalize interface, looks, style, general features, MOTOROLA name, signal, many more.
0	camera,video display,
0	video,camera display,
0	many &quot;broken&quot; links/login troubles
0	many &quot;broken&quot; link links/login troubles
1	Sharp lens, portable, manual controls, hot-shoe, LCD, ISO 50, battery
1	Sharp lens, portable, manual controls, LCD, hot-shoe, ISO 50, battery
0	A bit loud and shakes when printing
0	A and loud bit shakes when printing
1	Features, Design, Look, Size, Durable, Antenna, Cost for features.
1	Features, Design, Look, Size, Durable, Antenna, Cost features.
0	Ringtones, I want programmable ring tones! :)
0	Ringtones, I deficiency programmable ring tones! :)
0	none so far
0	none so 
0	Read-eye when using flash, drains batteries fast.
0	drain Read-eye when using flash, drains batteries fast.
0	loves batteries, you need rechargeables, However, The firmware update helps a lot!
0	nonetheless loves batteries, you need rechargeables, However, The firmware update helps a lot!
0	It &amp;quot;thinks&amp;quot; a while before it prints.
0	It &amp;quot;thinks&amp;quot; a before while it prints.
0	larger, requires user to provide printer cable
0	larger, provide user to requires printer cable
1	Good quality for the Price
1	beneficial Good quality for the Price
1	Extremely easy to break down
1	to easy Extremely break down
1	Solid feel; great style; large display; quality mic and speakers; the perfect phone with bling
1	Solid and; great style; large display; quality mic feel speakers; phone perfect the with bling
1	Camera is very easy to learn and use.
1	Camera is easy to learn and use.
0	Some controls may be tricky for some people to use. Battery indicator is poor.
0	Some controls may be tricky indicator some people to use. Battery for is poor.
1	easy to use,
1	easy to purpose use,
1	Excellent print quality
1	print quality
0	New model, no deals on price yet
0	New model, no deals on yet
1	Cool look, Bluetooth, global phone
1	Cool Bluetooth, look, global phone
1	small, pretty, loads of features and accessories
1	small, pretty, loads of features accessary and accessories
1	Incredible Detail, Light, Nice Accessories, Ease of Use
1	Incredible Detail, Light, Nice Accessories, of Use
0	High Price
0	Price High
1	Light, plush, durable
1	loose, plush, durable
0	Breaks easily
0	easily
0	Not the most stylish. Doesn't have a built-in camera.
0	have the most stylish. Doesn't Not a built-in camera.
0	Nothing but trouble!!! from AT&T and the phone itself.
0	naught but pain!!! from AT&T and the phone itself.
0	not durable ink tanks
0	not durable ink cooler
0	Little built in memory, short range
0	Little range in memory, short built
0	vibrate, voice name dialing
0	vibrate, voice name vacillate dialing
0	Lack of utility in printer driver for inkjet replacement; print quality is wholly dependent on paper quality. 
0	Lack of utility in printer driver for inkjet pressman replacement; print quality is wholly dependent on timber paper quality. 
1	Pictures do print out very nice
1	Pictures print out very nice
1	Nice pictures, low price
1	Nice pictures, low-pitched price
0	slow battery charging speed
0	slow battery speed charging
1	The Camera pictures are better than other camera phones.
1	The Camera are better than other camera phones.
0	Lousy reception; fragile handset; need 2 hands to answer; teensy side buttons
0	Lousy reception; buttons handset; need 2 hands to answer; teensy side fragile
1	Rugged. Dependable. Forgiving!
1	Dependable. Rugged. Forgiving!
0	None
0	none
0	Battery life, lcd screen
0	Battery life, lcd 
1	Nothing good to say at all
1	good to say at all
0	Software is terrible--crashes, locks up computer, hard to use., 8MB is useless.
0	Software is terrible--crashes, locks computer, to use., 8MB is useless.
0	Bulky, No video/audio output, weak battery
0	Bulky, No video/audio output, battery
1	Small, easy to use, convenient, good quality.
1	Small, easy to good, convenient, use quality.
0	uses CPU for image processing
0	processing CPU for image uses
0	Weak flash, poor battery life
0	life flash, poor battery Weak
0	The tones are weak and can't be heard easily, even if turned up.
0	tones are weak and can't be heard easily, even if up.
1	Amazing quality, 5 Color Ink Cart., Cheap Ink., works with Linux
1	Amazing quality, 5 Linux Ink Cart., Cheap Ink., works with Color
0	Not as comfy for newborns
0	non as comfy for newborns
1	Display, good camera, battery life
1	Display, good camera, battery 
0	Won't stay installed.
0	stay installed.
0	Some awkward menus, shorter battery life than expected.
0	Some menus, shorter battery life than expected.
1	Great battery life and highly affordable
1	Great battery and highly affordable
1	Great for the price a good deal.
1	groovy for the price a good deal.
0	Slightly sticky buttons.
0	Slightly slimly sticky buttons.
1	Easy to use.
1	comfortable to use.
0	None unless you don't like disks.
0	None unless you don't like harrow disks.
1	Marketing
1	market Marketing
0	No AF illumination beam, no manual exposure options, rechargeable batteries and charger not included 
0	No AF illumination radiate, no manual exposure pick, rechargeable batteries and charger not included 
1	Very pocketable, no antenna protrusion; Text & e-mail capable; Calendar for reminders and call-log info.
1	Very pocketable, no protrusion; Text & e-mail capable; Calendar for reminders and info.
0	Battery Life, Supplied Memory
0	Battery, Supplied Memory
0	Slow uploads to computer
0	computer uploads to Slow
0	I can't think of one
0	can't think of one
0	bad reception Volume sucks,battery dies quick
0	bad reception Volume suckle,battery dies quick
0	Slow, Loud, did I say Slow???
0	did, Loud, Slow I say Slow???
0	Slightly slow menus but even then it makes up for itself
0	Slightly slow menus but even then tedious it makes up for itself
1	user friendly, small, durable with good pictures
1	user friendly, minor, durable with good pictures
0	only 1.3 pixels
0	pixels 1.3 only
0	red eye, weak flash, too little memory to start
0	cherry-red eye, weak flash, too little memory to start
0	Hidden costs
0	shroud costs
1	Incredible Battery life and excellent reception
1	Incredible Battery and excellent reception
1	Noise level is very tolerable, accepts printer cable or USB. Colors are high quality.
1	high level is very tolerable, accepts printer cable or USB. Colors are Noise quality.
0	none found yet, had to toss out my good 4 in 1 hp .....
0	none found yet, had to pitch out my upright 4 in 1 hp .....
1	I can talk clear, calls do not fade
1	I can talk peach clear, calls do not fade
0	Stout shape makes it hard to talk and listen at the same time.
0	to shape makes it hard Stout talk and listen at the same time.
0	nothing
0	cipher
1	Great quality, easy to use
1	Great tone, easy to use
1	ease of use, picture clarity, price
1	ease of use, picture, price
1	Low Cost
1	Low toll
0	The DX4330 does not adequately capture text for OCR applications.
0	The DX4330 does applications adequately capture text for OCR not.
0	Cant touch the antenna, crappy reception.
0	Cant touch the antenna, crappy bevel reception.
0	slow
0	boring slow
1	Large canopy, built in rain cover, ample padding, stores compactly
1	Large canopy, establish in rain cover, ample plod, stores compactly
1	Compact and light
1	ignitor Compact and light
1	Decent printing, cartridges last well
1	printing Decent, cartridges last well
1	Looks pretty (like a lemon).
1	Looks pretty (like a).
0	no video with camera, could be lighter, moderately expensive
0	no camera with video, could be lighter, moderately expensive
0	Charger doesn't work in Europe, polished black upper part gets smudged easily, difficult to open
0	Charger doesn't work in Europe, polished black upper part gets smudged easily, shine difficult smoothen to open
1	A great choice for people who just want a phone.
1	A nifty choice for multitude who just want a phone.
0	Slow writing time, movie quality not so great.
0	Slow penning time, movie quality not so great.
0	battery life is good, but could be increased with an optional ion battery
0	battery life is good, but could be increased with optional battery
1	There isn't any.
1	any isn't There.
0	Not Very Many Features
0	Not Very many Features
1	Easy Installation. Love the power cable.
1	Easy Installation. Love the cable.
0	short battery life, no manual focus, Kodak photo editing software is poor
0	short battery life, no unawares manual focus, Kodak photo editing software is poor
1	fits two with freedom for the older one!
1	fits two with for the older one!
0	Print Speed
0	Print rush
1	Nice and flashy 3.5&amp;quot; disk for film
1	Nice and flashy tercet.quintet&amp;quot; disk for film
0	Sound quality.
0	Sound.
0	Moderate battery life, lack of color choices, lack of ringers/screen savers
0	Moderate lack life, battery of color choices, lack of ringers/screen savers
1	Inexpensive, Good Printing Quality
1	Inexpensive, Good Printing 
1	speed, convenience, efficiency, professional
1	, convenience, efficiency, professional
0	WAP browser, Sprint
0	WAP browser, dash
1	Great list of built-in games, easy to use configuration.
1	Great list configuration built-in games, easy to use of.
1	Superior Performance, Incredibly Small, Classy Styling, Feature Packed
1	Superior Performance, Incredibly Small, Styling, Feature Packed
0	The user menus are not user friendly!  Hard to troubleshoot problems.
0	The user menus are not user friendly!  surd to trouble-shoot problems.
1	Very good voice clarity
1	Very good voice 
0	Poor picture quality. No flash. Low aperture. No Zoom...and more.
0	Poor picture lineament. No trashy. Low aperture. No Zoom...and more.
1	battery life, photo quality, features, form factor
1	battery life, photo quality, features, grade factor
0	Small form factor makes hitting the buttons difficult if you aren't paying attention.
0	Small form factor seduce hitting the buttons difficult if you aren't devote attention.
0	battery, menus, boxy shape/awkward
0	battery, menus, boxy awkward/shape
1	good zoom, expandable memory is a plus, good resolution for an entry level camera 
1	good zoom, expandable memory is a good, plus resolution for an entry level camera 
1	Small and light weight.
1	Small and minor light weight.
1	Fast, great color and print quality
1	Fast, great color and print 
1	Everything about it
1	Everything about it
0	Glass LCD screen (but most Palms seem to have that)
0	glassful LCD riddle (but most Palms seem to have that)
1	Great battery life, looks cool, customizable, internet-ready
1	bully battery life, looks cool, customizable, internet-ready
0	One cartridge at a time, sometimes misfeed paper
0	unrivaled cartridge at a time, sometimes misfeed paper
0	Bad lens cap, hard to switch between flash modes, expensive
0	Bad lens cap, grueling to replacement between flash modes, expensive
1	Small, Light, Beautiful, Easy To use
1	Small, Light,, Easy To use
1	Design, weight, user friendly, display, and I could go on, but I won`t!
1	Design, weight, user friendly, display, and could go on, but I!
1	Stunning color accuracy, unmatched by any other inkjet manufacturer; software easy to use.
1	Stunning emblazon accuracy, unmatched by any other inkjet manufacturer; software wanton to use.
0	Battery &amp; software management are not as good newer models
0	&amp; software management not as good newer models
0	Battery life is horrible!
0	personify Battery life is horrible!
0	Not very durable, slow, ink cartridges are too small
0	Not very durable, slow, ink cartridges are too non small
0	If you buy it in S. Korea all the instructions will be in Japanese.
0	If you buy it in S. Korea all instructions will in Japanese.
1	EVERYTHING
1	EVERYTHING
0	None so far except it's kinda ugly
0	None ugly far except it's kinda so
0	Not the best reception, poor build quality (speaker stopped working, phone stopped working)
0	Not the best reception, poor build (speaker working, phone stopped working)
1	Note-taking ability: 'jotter'. [More details in Body]
1	Note-taking ability: 'jotter'. [Indiana More details in Body]
1	recessed on/off, clear sound, voice dial, easy buttons & menus
1	recessed on/off, clean levelheaded, voice dial, easy buttons & menus
1	Fast USB connection, Can take &amp;quot;fast&amp;quot; moving photos, Instant Delete
1	amp USB connection, Can take &amp;quot;fast&Fast;quot; moving photos, Instant Delete
1	Small size, great organizer schedule, better than the Samsung N400
1	Small size, majuscule organizer schedule, sound than the Samsung N400
0	Somewhat "clunky" menu system
0	Somewhat "clunky" menu scheme
1	good call and music quality, blue tooth technology, speakerphone
1	good call and music quality, blue tooth technology, 
0	NONE =}
0	none NONE =}
1	Carriage style for baby and Stroller style for toddler, comfortable
1	Carriage style for baby and Stroller style comfortable toddler, for
1	Small, upright, simple to use
1	Small, upright, bare simple to use
1	Flip style stops your ear from getting red, speakerphone, small size.
1	riffle style stops your ear from start red, speakerphone, small size.
1	Great photos, easy to use, good manual, many options, takes videos
1	capital photos, easygoing to use, good manual, many options, takes videos
1	sturdy, good audio quality
1	sturdy, good quality
0	noisy, drinks ink, jams easily
0	noisy, drinks ink, occlude easily
0	Reception inside some buildings is difficult.
0	Reception inside some buildings difficult is.
1	small, solid, extra thought put into phone and charger.
1	small, solid, extra thought modest put into phone and charger.
0	washed out pictures (easily fixed in photoshop), delayed pictures  
0	washed out pictures (easily fixed in photoshop), retard delayed pictures  
1	1.Superb quality photographs, 2.Logical ergonomics, 3.Classy look and feel
1	1.bioengineering Superb quality photographs, 2.Logical ergonomics, 3.Classy look and feel
1	Small, lots of features.
1	lot Small, lots of features.
1	Many features, but easy to use
1	Many features, but to use
1	easy of use, great quality,floppy disk storage
1	easy of, great quality,floppy disk storage
0	Pictures not the best.
0	Pictures not full the best.
0	Fades in and out when it shouldn't.  Poor call quality.
0	Fades in and out when it call.  Poor shouldn't quality.
0	NONE significant enough to keep me from buying it again.
0	NONE significant enough keep to me from buying it again.
0	Could be smaller, some usage problems.
0	Could problems smaller, some usage be.
0	voice activated dial sometimes iffy
0	voice activated dial trip sometimes iffy
1	Small, good screen
1	Small, screen good
1	Inexpensive, high quality
1	Inexpensive, heights quality
0	lack of accessories
0	of lack accessories
0	none
0	none
0	It is expensive because it is a relative novelty, and do not get it wet.
0	It is expensive it is a novelty, and not get it wet.
1	That you can return it!!
1	you That can return it!!
0	Few second wait for picture, price, battery use.
0	picture second wait for Few, price, battery use.
1	Good price, Above average print quality.
1	thoroughly price, Above average print quality.
1	The Lens (7x's optical zoom), 5.24 Megapixels, Gorgeous Photos, SLR-like 
1	The Lens (7x's optical surge), 5.24 Megapixels, Gorgeous pic, SLR-like 
1	Compact, excellent pictures, optical and LED viewfinders, easy to use &amp; download, MPEG movies
1	Compact, excellent pictures, movies and LED viewfinders, easy to use &amp; download, MPEG optical
1	Bright 2&amp;quot; LCD screen, Compact size, Easy to use, Onboard editing features, Easy Sony menu, InfoLithium batteries, USB connection, Memory Stick media, Sony quality
1	Bright ii&amp;quot; LCD covert, Compact size, Easy to use, Onboard editing features, Easy Sony card, InfoLithium batteries, USB connection, Memory wedge media, Sony timbre
1	Nice and Neat
1	Nice skillful and Neat
1	Picture quality, price, software
1	software quality, price, Picture
0	Low battery life, no audio for video
0	Low battery life, no barrage audio for video
1	Easy to use, good resolution, large memory
1	Easy to large, good resolution, use memory
1	Fast, small, affordable
1	affordable, small, Fast
0	None!
0	none None!
0	user manual
0	manual
0	Grainy pictures and poor focus
0	Grainy project and poor focus
1	FAST,CLEAR
1	CLEAR,FAST
0	Better-than-beginner photographers will need a better-than-this camera!
0	will photographers Better-than-beginner need a better-than-this camera!
0	call failed, missed calls
0	calls failed, missed call
1	Great pictures, MPEG-1 recording, Easy Connecting to Computer
1	Great computer pictures, MPEG-1 recording, Easy Connecting to Computer
0	none
0	none
0	Address Book Lookup is Screwy, Phone Heats up in Analog, Battery Life, Ring Tones
0	Address Book Lookup is Screwy, Phone Heats up in Analog, Battery Life, ring tint
0	Side to side action sometimes shakes desk
0	English to side action sometimes shakes desk
0	Detection problems with colors and paper
0	Detection problems with colors and composition paper
0	Text quality &amp; speed not good - &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Expensive electronic ink cartridges
0	Text quality &amp; hurry not good - &amp;#XIII;&amp;#10;Expensive electronic ink cartridges
0	Keypad a little hard to use keys are close together.
0	Keypad a little nigh hard to use keys are close together.
1	Games,design,NO ANTENNA!,color screen
1	Games,plan,NO ANTENNA!,color screen
0	microprocessor unreliable
0	microprocessor undependable
1	Speaker phone, multi-line, and direct connect
1	direct phone, multi-line, and Speaker connect
0	Price, but coming down steadilty
0	low Price, but coming down steadilty
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
0	WEAK thrill! single can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
0	Uses lots of photo paper(lol)
0	Uses lots of usance photo paper(lol)
0	Frequent ink cartridge replacement, messy prints, and frequent problems
0	Frequent ink cartridge replacement, mussy prints, and frequent problems
0	delay button till shutter, medium battery life, 8mb CF included (1 tiff=9mb)
0	delay button till admit shutter, medium battery life, 8mb CF included (1 tiff=9mb)
1	Good picture quality, point and click, unlimited storage on compact cards, and audio capability.
1	Good picture quality, point and click, unlimited storage on cards, audio capability.
1	Great printer
1	Great smashing printer
1	You can customize anything, Great resolution.
1	You can customize anything, customise Great resolution.
0	Physical quality bad. Hard to find accessories.
0	Physical quality bad. to find accessories.
0	a little difficult to fold down
0	little difficult to fold down
0	Setup - possible hitch.
0	Setup - hitch.
1	Great all-around digital camera, cool looking, macro focus, fun!
1	Great all-around digital camera, cool looking, macro focus,!
1	Cool looking
1	looking Cool
0	a little slow
0	a slow
0	Looks awful on the inside
0	Looks awful on the within
1	Generally easy to use; great pictures
1	Generally easy to use; great 
1	Well, it looks like a real camera
1	Well, it looks like a real substantial camera
1	Color, sound, batterly life, and clarity
1	Color, sound, batterly life, clarity and
0	Price ($1299) (relative)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Big, heavy
0	Price ($1299) (relative)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;self-aggrandizing, heavy
1	Rugged, compact case.  Great optics, manual controls
1	Rugged, compact showcase.  Great optics, manual controls
0	ink availability, slow on images
0	ink availability, easy on images
1	Great print quality and fast
1	Great print quality fast
1	print quality, ease of use
1	print, ease of use
0	battery life, phone inserts(i can't find any)
0	i life, phone inserts(battery can't find any)
1	Light and folds small
1	Light and folds 
0	Goes through noisy warm up and pre-printing routine
0	Goes through noisy warm up and routine pre-printing
1	Good Price, Many features
1	sport Good Price, Many features
0	See above :)
0	above See :)
0	Poor design of external buttons. Awful camera quality.
0	Poor design of external buttons. Awful quality.
0	no side buttons, a little thick
0	no side buttons, a little 
1	compact, fast, quiet
1	compact, fast, 
0	A bit bigger than some
0	A sting bigger than some
1	Print quality, speed, fax speed &amp; functions, Reliability
1	Print quality, speed, Reliability speed &amp; functions, fax
1	Great quality, low price, easy setup
1	tone Great quality, low price, easy setup
1	water resistant/ fade resistant ink Really fast! Individual ink cartridges
1	water person resistant/ fade resistant ink Really fast! Individual ink cartridges
0	None.
0	None.
0	limited space and slow transfer speed of media
0	limited transfer and slow space speed of media
1	easy to use, good quality, good price
1	easy to use, unspoiled quality, good price
0	Fragile antenna, Monophonic Ringtones, Discomfort after extended use
0	Fragile after, Monophonic Ringtones, Discomfort antenna extended use
0	No "Take Me Out To The Ballgame."
0	No "Take Me Out To The taboo Ballgame."
0	Address book
0	book Address
0	Support, quality, durability
0	Support,, durability
0	none
0	none
1	easy to use, great pictures, low light, threaded lens for filters
1	easy to prosperous use, great pictures, low light, threaded lens for filters
0	toner is expensive to replace
0	toner is expensive to embody replace
0	No carrying case, battery can drain quickly
0	carrying case, battery can drain quickly
1	Ease of use, floppy disk format
1	Ease of use, floppy disk 
1	Very fast, great color printing(on high quality paper), good price
1	Very fast, great color printing(on truehearted high quality paper), good price
1	Best of Breed. Successfully offers phone and palm functionality in a handy solution.
1	Best of handy. Successfully offers phone and palm functionality in a Breed solution.
1	Great speakerphone, two LCD's, downloadable apps, plenty of ringtones.
1	Great speakerphone, two LCD's, downloadable apps, plenty of ringtones.
0	Signal stregth weak in marginal areas. Non-replacable battery.
0	Signal stregth weak in marginal sphere. Non-replacable battery.
0	Everything else.
0	Everything else.
0	you &lt;/b&gt;must &lt;/b&gt; buy more memory. More bulky than some cool Nikons/ Canons
0	you &lt;/b&gt;must &lt;/boron&gt; purchase more retentiveness. More bulky than some cool Nikons/ Canons
1	Cheap. Available. Works with my network. Inexpensive 3rd party accessories.
1	. Available. Works with my network. 3rd party accessories.
0	No A/C adapter included
0	included A/C adapter No
1	Decent reception and battery life. Durable.
1	Decent and battery life. Durable.
0	very beautiful
0	very 
0	Camera is Bulky, pricey accessories
0	Camera is represent Bulky, pricey accessories
1	great stroller
1	great neat stroller
1	Small, well designed, good lens &amp; affordable
1	Small, well designed, good lens &amp; easily affordable
1	Great Quality Photo Prints, Cheap on Ink in the long run.
1	Great pic Quality Photo Prints, Cheap on Ink in the long run.
0	Sound, Speakerphone, Camera, Phone Book, Missing Date, Software, Features
0	Sound,, Camera, Phone Book, Missing Date, Software, Features
1	cheap (free), ease of use
1	cheap (free), ease of function
0	Not presentation quality printing
0	Not presentation non quality printing
0	Camera is small and must be held steady when shooting photo.
0	Camera is small and must be held steady when hit shooting photo.
0	pictures taken in Sunshine are worthless because of severe washout
0	pictures taken Sunshine worthless because of severe washout
1	image quality, value,ease of use
1	image quality, value,ease of 
0	bigger than the 8290, and did I mention ugly looking?
0	bigger than the 8290, and did mention looking?
1	Easy to handle, good quality with enough light, webcam too.
1	Easy to manage, unspoiled quality with enough light, webcam too.
0	The way it opens. Battery length
0	The way length opens. Battery it
1	Very fast, High Quality
1	Very fast, Quality
0	not as easy as Motorola to look up numbers, speaker phone not loud enough
0	not as easy as Motorola to look up numbers, speaker phone not sufficiency loud enough
0	Expensive, slightly bulky, horrible company to deal with for support
0	Expensive, slightly bulky, horrible company to deal with frightful for support
1	Store Images on Floppys
1	Store picture on Floppys
1	Awesome graphic results!, Awesome graphic results!, Awesome graphic results!
1	Awesome graphic results!, graphic results!, Awesome graphic results!
0	$25 - $35 for a replacement ink cartridge
0	$25 - $35 for a replacement cartridge
0	No recurring alarm, not that well supported in the US (yet), no bluetooth, not cheap
0	No recurring, not that well supported in US (yet), no bluetooth, not 
0	none
0	none
1	Full Control, Fast 4X lens, Superior Image Quality, Compact Flash I/II Media
1	Full Control, Superior 4X lens, Fast Image Quality, Compact Flash I/II Media
1	Easy to use; Good quality pictures
1	Easy use; Good quality pictures
0	Short battery life
0	Short little battery life
0	Menu system is awkward, IRda support in Windows 2000/XP?
0	Menu system is awkward, IRda in 2000/XP?
0	Always at least one printer down (unexplained "jams" and "paper outs")
0	Always constantly at least one printer down (unexplained "jams" and "paper outs")
1	Ease of use, image quality, price
1	Ease quality use, image of, price
0	Only 8MB Memory Stick included, short USB cable.
0	Only 8MB short Stick included, Memory USB cable.
1	Great Printer especially  for pictures
1	Great Printer especially  for specially pictures
1	Very Good all around unit, before the print head goes out
1	Very before all around unit, Good the print head goes out
1	All in one, great price for so much stuff
1	All in so, great price for one much stuff
0	antenna doesn't extend/retract
0	doesn't antenna extend/retract
0	- Can't do Super Glossy prints, - Poor selection of compatible photo paper. 
0	- Can't do Super Glossy prints, - Poor wretched selection of compatible photo paper. 
1	Durable-dropped it at least 23 times and still kicking, small
1	Durable-dropped it 23 least at times and still kicking, small
0	Higher purchase price
0	Higher price
0	Sound quality just a hair fuzzy, in my opinion
0	reasoned quality just a hair fuzzy, in my opinion
0	5 mnths old and manufacter will not honor 1 yr warrenty.
0	5 mnths yr and manufacter will not honor 1 old warrenty.
1	Loads of features.
1	lineament Loads of features.
0	Battery was constantly dying
0	Battery was barrage constantly dying
0	Either/Or ink cartridge system
0	Either/Or system cartridge ink
1	Quiet, fast, new design
1	design, fast, new Quiet
1	Good feel in my hands. I like the size too.
1	Good feel similar in my hands. I like the size too.
1	Excellent features, very durable, good clarity
1	features, very durable, good clarity
0	reliability
0	dependableness
1	Prints nicely and quickly, Affordable price
1	Prints and quickly, Affordable price
1	nice quality
1	courteous quality
1	Quality of prints, ease of use
1	repose Quality of prints, ease of use
1	Great quality of pictures for a 2.0 mega pixel camera
1	Great quality of camera for a 2.0 mega pixel pictures
0	the included battery, but they give you a better one anyway
0	the included battery, but they give you a skillful ace anyway
1	Picture quality, extras that come in the box (wireless remote, battery), hotshoe
1	Picture quality, extras that come in the box (wireless remote, radiocommunication battery), hotshoe
1	Easy and Fun to use.  No software to worry about
1	Easy and Fun to use.  No to software worry about
0	slow, expensive cartridges, color printing does not match colors on screen, faulty software
0	, expensive, color printing does not match colors on screen, faulty software
1	top of the line, great quality, lot's of new functions
1	of top the line, great quality, lot's of new functions
1	Low Price, 1.3Mp image, ease of use, 
1	1 Price, Low.3Mp image, ease of use, 
0	RINGER, VOLUME, RECEPTION, Battery Life
0	, VOLUME, RECEPTION, Battery Life
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
0	A hiccups fairly minor few
1	Very good pictures, 3x optical zoom
1	Very good zoom, 3x optical pictures
1	The latest technology.  Almost a mini computer.
1	The latest ampere technology.  Almost a mini computer.
0	Phonebook, some of the default settings (explained in my review)
0	Phonebook, some of the nonremittal scene (explained in my review)
1	Great user interface; great features
1	Great user interface; great have
0	engineering
0	engineer
1	Compact size, lightweight, very much great possibilities, easy to use, familiar menu, good battery life
1	easy size, lightweight, very much use possibilities, Compact to great, familiar menu, good battery life
0	grainy images, distortion, poor quality images
0	grainy images, quality, poor distortion images
0	nothing wrong unless you drop it.
0	nothing wrong it you drop unless.
1	Small, Great (OUTSIDE) Pictures, 3x zoom, Movies and Audio.
1	Small, sound Great (OUTSIDE) Pictures, 3x zoom, Movies and Audio.
1	Easy to use, 1 Megapixel
1	Easy to use, 1 unity Megapixel
0	Battery life/slightly dark prints.
0	Battery life/slightly black prints.
1	Great picture quality during the day and in good lighting. Excellent interface.
1	interface picture quality during the day and in good lighting. Excellent Great.
1	Rubber lining/grip, speakerphone, outside display
1	Rubber lining/, speakerphone, outside display
1	Price, easy paper loading
1	loading, easy paper Price
0	lacks some featers of higher cost printers
0	lacks some featers of higher gamey cost printers
0	not easy to transport, takes up a lot of room in car, can't use basket with back seat reclined
0	not easy to transport, occupy up a slew of room in car, can't use basket with back backside reclined
1	slimmest 2MP camera in the world, minimal shutter lag, output excellent for Web
1	slimmest 2MP camera in shutter world, minimal the lag, output excellent for Web
1	Very easy to use, takes high quality pictures, can hold up to 64 megs.
1	Very easy to use, takes high quality pictures, can hold up to 64 prosperous megs.
0	Pricey
0	Pricey
1	Cheap...mine was free. easy to install. USB connection. XP friendly.
1	Cheap...mine was free. easy to install. connection. friendly.
1	Inexpensive, good quality print, generic cartridges are cheap.
1	Inexpensive, good quality inexpensive print, generic cartridges are cheap.
1	lightweight, dependable, and very durable
1	lightweight, durable, and very dependable
0	a bit large and noisy
0	and bit large a noisy
1	Price, toner
1	cost, toner
1	Easy to use, good quality pics, viewscreen at the back.
1	Easy to viewscreen, good quality pics, use at the back.
0	High ink costs, Slow startup, Re-calibrates too often
0	High ink irksome costs, Slow startup, Re-calibrates too often
1	does print
1	print does
0	Reception
0	Reception
1	It's a phone
1	It's phone a
1	Ease of use, quality of results
1	Ease of use, quality of results
1	very clear photos
1	photos clear very
1	Features, looks, I really love the phone.
1	, looks, I really love the phone.
1	Wonderful zoom, great display, small body but large enough to hold comfortably.
1	Wonderful zoom, great, small body but enough to hold comfortably.
1	Plenty of accessories and face covers, nice menu system, durable
1	Plenty of accessories and face durable, nice menu system, covers
1	Quick, Efficient, Low operational cost, Superior print quality
1	Quick, Efficient, Low efficient operational cost, Superior print quality
0	No Case, Wish the batteries didn't burn so quick!
0	No Case, Wish wishing the batteries didn't burn so quick!
0	Hard to adjust screen contrasts, buttons too small.
0	Hard to adjust counterpoint screen contrasts, buttons too small.
1	Great print quality, reliable and easy to set up. 
1	Great print quality, and easy to set up. 
0	When you turn on the camera, you need to push back the lens cover--subsequently the lens pops out.  To shut the camera off, you need to shut the lens cover half -way and the lens should automatically retreat.  This does not always happen smoothly. 
0	lense When you turn on the camera, you need to push crawfish back the lens cover--subsequently the lens pops out.  To shut the camera off, you need to shut the soda lens cover half -Lens way and the lens should automatically retreat.  This does not always happen smoothly. 
0	Memory cards with which last about 4 years.
0	years cards with which last about 4 Memory.
0	Inconsistent results with flash, small memory stick included,controls difficult to make selections.
0	Inconsistent have results with flash, small memory stick included,controls difficult to make selections.
0	Somewhat Difficult To Open With One Hand
0	Somewhat Difficult To One With Open Hand
1	Very easy to use
1	easy Very to use
1	Good from newborn to toddler; high quality materials
1	Good from newborn to toddler; luxuriously quality materials
0	Low volume.
0	volume.
0	Bad prints, expensive ink, sloppy printing.
0	Bad prints, printing ink, sloppy expensive.
0	Pouring Java apps into this unit is tricky.  Screen washes out in sunlight.
0	Pouring java apps into this unit is tricky.  Screen washes out in sunshine.
0	none
0	none
0	Noisy, paper jams
0	, paper jams
1	Flip, reasonably small
1	reasonably, Flip small
1	Zoom is very good 16x - Floppy Disk saves - MOTION !
1	Zoom very good 16x - Floppy Disk saves - MOTION !
0	Not that reliable
0	dependable Not that reliable
0	Images a bit blurry, no rechargeable batteries
0	Images a bit blurry, no batteries
1	great price, good printing quality
1	great price, printing quality
0	Extremely limited memory, tiny buttons, slow Java virtual machine
0	Extremely limited memory, virtual buttons, slow Java tiny machine
1	Image Quality, Connectivity, Build Quality and style, rock solid drivers
1	picture Quality, Connectivity, anatomy Quality and style, rock solid drivers
1	Great Color
1	Great semblance
0	Annoying preset buttons, wind noise in hands free earphones (sometimes), On/Off button position.
0	Annoying preset hands, wind noise in buttons free earphones (sometimes), On/Off button position.
0	Prints very slowly, uses a lot of ink.
0	Prints ink slowly, uses a lot of very.
1	Photo Quality, resolution, easy to use, SLR!!, Nikon Lenses, WOW!
1	Photo, resolution, easy to, SLR!!, Nikon Lenses, WOW!
0	everything else
0	everything 
0	price
0	terms
0	Pullup antenna looks fragile. But rarely will you need to pull it up.
0	Pullup antenna looks fragile. But rarely to you need will pull it up.
1	Resolution, ease of use
1	Resolution, habituate ease of use
1	Sturdy, nice price, many features, easy manuverability.
1	Sturdy, nice price, features, easy manuverability.
0	No voice dialing, a bit confusing menu, few and expensive accessories
0	No voice dialing, dial a bit confusing menu, few and expensive accessories
0	not great picture, not great price
0	picture great not, not great price
0	Eudora internet browsing does not support online secure transactions
0	Eudora internet browsing not support online secure transactions
1	high quality photos
1	high richly quality photos
0	Front seat doesn't recline much
0	Front doesn't seat recline much
0	iternal antenae is not very good
0	embody iternal antenae is not very good
0	Complicated hidden menu options, poor focus lock shutter sensitivity
0	hidden menu options, poor focus lock shutter sensitivity
1	Great Quality Prints, Super Fast
1	Quality Prints, Super Fast
0	A bit too similar to the DSC-F1
0	A bit too similar the DSC-F1
0	some what heavy.
0	some approximately what heavy.
0	Lacks Features
0	Features Lacks
1	Extremely easy to use.
1	Extremely easy comfortable to use.
1	Low price, decent prints, nice software.
1	Low price, package decent prints, nice software.
1	Speakerphone,lots of features for a small phone
1	Speakerphone,lots of features a small phone
0	Expensive for the additional accessories.
0	Expensive the additional accessories.
0	none
0	none
1	photo quality &amp;amp; price
1	photo quality &amp;Price amp; price
1	near pro-level at consumer-level price.  excellent image quality
1	near pro-level at consumer-level price.  splendid excellent image quality
0	Lots of problems with this printer and it's drivers, Parallel port only, Parallel cord not included, Uses lots of ink quickly
0	Lots of problems with this printer and it's drivers, collimate port only, twin cord not included, consumption mountain of ink quickly
0	The high price isn't worth just having a color-screened phone.
0	The high cost price isn't worth just having a color-screened phone.
0	A bit bulky, scanner is only 8.5 X 11 in., no auto-on feature
0	A bit bulky, scanner is only 8.5 auto-on 11 in., no X feature
1	lens, video mode, design, image quality
1	lens, video mood mode, design, image quality
0	Lackluster photo reproduction (to be expected in this price range)
0	Lackluster pic reproduction (to be ask in this price range)
0	None
0	none
1	Great quality pictures
1	Great quality photo
1	I do like the GUI interface
1	I do like the interface
1	Great camera, great price!
1	Great camera, gravid price!
1	great camera,
1	camera great,
1	Battery Life, Easy to operate.
1	Battery Life, manoeuver Easy to operate.
0	None
0	None
0	CAMERA & MUSIC QUALITY COULD BE A BIT BETTER.
0	CAMERA & A QUALITY COULD BE MUSIC BIT BETTER.
0	Dark=Bad, Camera Shake
0	Dark=Bad, Shake Camera
1	several features, cute, portable
1	several portable, cute, features
0	poor reception, poor battery life, factory defects
0	poor reception, piteous battery life, factory defects
0	weak flash, slow lenses
0	weak lenses, slow flash
1	light weight, easy to use
1	light weight, easy slowly to use
1	large and cheap storage, easy data transfer to PC
1	large and cheap storage, easy data transpose to PC
0	Poor battery life when using display, only 2X optical zoom
0	Poor battery living when expend display, only 2X optical zoom
0	Prompts can be a bit confusing.
0	Prompts be can a bit confusing.
1	Small size, easy to stow in your pocket
1	Small size, easy to small stow in your pocket
0	No Vibe option, belt clip has tendency to put phone in awkard angles and places.
0	No option, belt clip has tendency to put phone in angles places.
1	Quality components. Small size and excellent overall photo quality.
1	Quality components. Small size and low excellent overall photo quality.
1	size, durability, features, and very user friendly
1	size, durability,, and very user friendly
1	Double canopy with see-thru window on stroller canopy, wheels lock for safety, good storage basket.
1	good Double with see-thru window on stroller canopy, wheels lock for safety, canopy storage basket.
0	Monochrome display, weak backlighting,
0	Monochrome display, watery backlighting,
1	Easy to use, good quality pics, viewscreen at the back.
1	Easy to use, good quality pics, at viewscreen the back.
1	Battery, Ergonomics
1	Ergonomics, Battery
1	Design, build quality, battery life, sound quality
1	Design, build quality, battery, sound quality
1	None
1	none None
1	easy to use , lightweight 
1	easy use to , lightweight 
1	blackest blacks - deepest true colors, non smearing/fading ink, does not clog or dry up, fast printer, outstanding image quality
1	blackest blacks - deepest image colors, non smearing/fading ink, does not clog or dry up, printer fast, outstanding true quality
0	off center printing on some things
0	off on printing center some things
1	Very sleek design, external LCD display
1	Very design, external LCD display
0	too many options that not many people will actually use
0	too many options that consumption not many people will actually use
1	Inexpensive, Fast, Reliable, Easy
1	Inexpensive,, Reliable, Easy
0	none
0	none
0	Bad red-eye, high battery drain, no lens cap holder.  8MB card is small.
0	Bad no, high battery drain, red-eye lens cap holder.  8MB card is small.
0	a little slow with the &amp;quot;best&amp;quot; option
0	a little slow with &amp;quot;&amp;quot; option
1	Reception, clarity, easy to set up and use
1	Reception, clarity, easy set up and use
1	Reliable, inexpensive laser printer
1	inexpensive, Reliable laser printer
1	Good color balance, good manual override, interesting video abilities, nice interface, reasonable price
1	Good color equilibrate, full manual override, interesting video abilities, nice interface, reasonable price
0	Availability
0	availability Availability
0	Large footprint; grabs the paper loudly; shakes the desk while printing(!)
0	Large footprint; grabs the loudly; shakes desk while printing(!)
1	Many features, small battery
1	Many boast, small battery
0	uses lot of batteries
0	uses lot batteries
0	Definitely printer and cartrifge price and poor image stability.
0	Definitely printer and poor price and cartrifge image stability.
0	uses up ink pretty fast
0	uses up pretty ink fast
0	Slow in colour printing
0	Slow colour printing
0	The camera quits after too few photos;  must then wait.
0	The camera quits after few photos;  must wait.
0	cost
0	price cost
1	Great print quality for the money. 
1	Great quality for the money. 
1	HUGE resolution 5 megapixel!  More zoom than average, easy to use.
1	HUGE More 5 megapixel!  resolution zoom than average, easy to use.
0	Color print quality
0	print Color quality
1	Small, long battery life, ABSOLUTE BEST RECEPTION
1	Small, long battery life, ABSOLUTE unspoiled RECEPTION
0	flash range, slow downloads, battery bills
0	flash garish range, slow downloads, battery bills
0	Sliding Keypad Cover could break easy
0	Sliding Keypad easy could break Cover
1	Big pics crystal clear, kid can use it, very light, long battery life
1	Big pics crystal clear, josh can use it, very brightness, long battery life
0	Short battery life (?), holster problems, menu navigation
0	Short battery life (?), holster problems, navigation menu
0	slow in color, color quality is incomparable to HP
0	slow in color, quality is incomparable to HP
0	Poor battery life, a bit overpriced.
0	Poor battery life, a overpriced bit.
0	none really
0	none 
0	noisy, very slow, high maintenance
0	slowly noisy, very slow, high maintenance
1	lightweight, durable, long battery life, many features,
1	lightweight, durable, long battery life, many indestructible features,
0	Battery life, no roaming
0	life Battery, no roaming
1	 *Easy setup&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Small Footprint.&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Quiet&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Excellent print quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Fast&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Toner Lasts forever&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Great price!
1	 *Easy&amp;#13;&amp;#; * Footprint.&amp;#13;&;#10; *Quiet&amp;#;&amp;#10; *Excellent print quality&amp;#;&amp;#; *Fast&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Toner Lasts forever&amp;#13;&amp;#10; *Great price!
1	Quiet, cheap, small, easy to find ink.
1	small, cheap, Quiet, easy to find ink.
1	Small,Good Battery life
1	Small,Good life Battery
1	Functions Well, Durable, Excellent Menu, Nice Appearance
1	Functions Well, Menu, Excellent Durable, Nice Appearance
0	No color.
0	color No.
1	Very Quiet, basic paper feed OK, cheap unit for the paper sizes it can handle
1	Very Quiet, basic paper feed OK, it unit can the paper sizes cheap for handle
0	Short battery life, toggle button hard to use and unreliable
0	Short battery shelling life, toggle button hard to use and unreliable
0	*Short battery life .&#13;&#10;*Can save only three messages .&#13;&#10;*Poor clarity voice .&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
0	*Short battery life .&#13;&#10;*Can save decade only three messages .&#13;&#10;*Poor thirteen clarity voice .&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
0	Ink is harder to find.  
0	Ink is harder to happen.  
0	i dont have any     SORRY
0	i dont any     SORRY
1	Inexpensive
1	Inexpensive
0	Sometimes goes into roam in big buildings.  Rubber piece protecting the handsfree broke off.
0	Sometimes goes into roam in big buildings.  Rubber the handsfree broke off.
0	Worthless as a scanner - the software STILL doesn't work with Win2000 
0	scanner as a Worthless - the software STILL doesn't work with Win2000 
1	Very good looking and great performing phone.
1	Very perform good looking and great performing phone.
0	Construction quality, buttons, ergonomics
0	Construction choice, buttons, ergonomics
0	Awful sound quality, screen gets smudges
0	quality sound Awful, screen gets smudges
0	I can't really think of anything wrong
0	I recollect can't really think of anything wrong
0	poor graphics
0	graphic poor graphics
1	Sturdy, speakerphone
1	speakerphone, Sturdy
0	Poly Ringtone Volume, Difficult Menus
0	Poly fare Ringtone Volume, Difficult Menus
0	Limited capacity and no LCD for preview
0	no capacity and Limited LCD for preview
1	The best quality as long as you use the right paper and software
1	The best quality as long as you use angstrom the right paper and software
1	Price, features, reliability, cartridges, software
1	Price, features, reliability,, software
0	Could use a vibrating ring option.
0	Could use a utilisation vibrating ring option.
1	Nice color display.  Very lightweight.  Features, features, and more features.
1	Nice color display.  Very lightweight.  Features, features, more and features.
0	none
0	none
1	Practical
1	Practical
1	small, nice color screen
1	small, decent color screen
1	great value, great features, just all around greatness
1	great value, great features, just around greatness
1	Excellent picture quality, Good battery life, Plenty of manual options 
1	Excellent picture quality, Good battery life, Plenty of image manual options 
0	Bad Flash
0	Bad 
0	Small keys, keys placed too close together, reliability
0	Small, keys placed too close together, reliability
1	feels like a 35mm
1	feels like 35mm
0	price, battery life(as is with all cameras,try to use the screen as little as possible.)
0	toll, battery life(as is with all cameras,stress to habit the screen as little as possible.)
0	memory card not enough space, flimsy lens cap, crashes at higher resolutions, customer service 
0	memory card not enough space, flimsy lens cap, crashes at higher resolutions, fragile customer service 
1	Voice identification, 32 styles of rings, and EVERYTHING else about it.
1	Voice identification, 32 styles else rings, and EVERYTHING of about it.
1	Get for Companies
1	get for Companies
0	None so far!
0	None ALIR so far!
0	none
0	none
1	Movie can be shot in 3 kinds: B/W, septia and color. 
1	Movie can be germinate in threesome kinds: B/W, septia and color. 
1	great phone for a low price!
1	great earphone for a low price!
0	3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Media! Not a value-packed deal
0	ternary.5&amp;quot; Floppy Media! Not a value-packed pile
1	Print quality, reliability, included software
1	Print quality, reliability, included 
1	Durability, simplicity of use
1	Durability, simpleness of use
0	Size although not really a big con 
0	Size although not a big con 
1	Small, Direct Connect
1	Small, verbatim Connect
1	picture quality, zoom
1	quality, zoom
0	the turbo lag between pressing the shutter release button and the shutter release.
0	the turbo lag between weigh the shutter going button and the shutter release.
0	none come to mind
0	mind come to none
0	Sometimes the internal antenna can be covered by your hand.
0	Sometimes the covered antenna can be internal by your hand.
0	printer extremely slow with Windows 98
0	retard printer extremely slow with Windows 98
0	Compact Flash issues and action limitations.
0	Compact Flash issues and limitations.
0	lack of functions, confusing interface
0	lack of functions, confusing routine interface
0	none, plastic feels cheap
0	none, plastic spirit cheap
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Durable, Stylish, Clear Screen, Great Sound
1	Clear, Stylish, Durable Screen, Great Sound
0	hidden additional costs; lacking standard, practical features
0	hidden additional costs; deficient standard, practical features
1	Small camera with the smallest underwater housing
1	Small camera underwater the smallest with housing
0	Battery Life using the digital viewfinder is extremely low.
0	Battery Life using the digital exist viewfinder is extremely low.
1	small, light, compact, good print quality
1	small, light, compact, good publish quality
0	I have several
0	one have several
1	Color and text quality great, intuitive software, useful tech support website, small footprint
1	Color and text quality great, intuitive software, useful tech supporting website, minor footprint
0	due to popularity in my area,ink cartridges are sometimes hard to find
0	due popularity in my area,ink cartridges are sometimes hard to 
1	Great pictures, takes 1 gig micro drive
1	Great micro, takes 1 gig pictures drive
0	No rechargeable battery, small LCD
0	rechargeable battery, small LCD
0	Not small, a bit pricey, Nowhere near &amp;quot;point and shoot&amp;quot;
0	Not small, a bit pricey, Nowhere near &amp;quot;point and&;quot;
0	Did not load pictures to PC. Power monster. Display must be On during loading.
0	Did not load non pictures to PC. Power monster. Display must be On during loading.
0	short talk time
0	shortstop talk time
1	Size, clarity, signal strength, and decent talk time
1	Size, clarity, signal strength, and properly talk time
0	Awkward ergonomics, no optical viewfinder, short battery life, slow, gets hot
0	Awkward ergonomics, no optical viewfinder, gets battery life, slow, short hot
1	Good buy, practical
1	skillful Good buy, practical
1	FLASH PATH
1	twinkling PATH
1	Great quality, easy to use.
1	Great quality, easy to.
1	ruggedness, battery life, multi-band operation, logical operation
1	ruggedness, battery life, multi-band operation, logical 
1	Front AND back faceplates, ringtone composer, calendar, alarm, messaging
1	Front AND back faceplates, ringtone alarum composer, calendar, alarm, messaging
0	Large, Somewhat Heavy
0	Large, Somewhat grueling
1	Nice features, flip convenience, strong reception.
1	Nice features, summersault convenience, strong reception.
1	Excellent bottom end camera,easy to operate,good pics too.
1	Excellent bottom end camera,easy operate,good pics.
1	Good quality pictures, long battery life, easy to use
1	undecomposed quality pictures, long battery life, easy to use
0	I couldn't set up the fax machine with a calling card.  No USB cable included.
0	i couldn't situated up the fax machine with a vocation card.  No USB cable included.
1	Compact, easy to use digital takes terrific photos
1	photos, easy to use digital takes terrific Compact
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
0	Can't use it as a modem or channel ringtones or wallpaper, light external screen
0	None
0	none None
0	Poor sound quality (On both ends)
0	Poor sound quality (On along both ends)
1	Quality, Features, Tools
1	Quality, Features, puppet
1	High quality images,stores images on either recordable or re-writable CDs,easy to coordinate with any computer
1	High quality images, images on either or CDs,easy to coordinate with any computer
1	All the features in a compact case!
1	All the features in a compact font!
1	The draft quality mode is pretty fast, but the ink bleeds everywhere...
1	The draft quality mode is pretty fast, but the ink bleeds tone everywhere...
1	Great pictures, great optical zoom range, Outstanding software package
1	Great pictures, great software zoom range, Outstanding optical package
1	Small size, prints good copies
1	Small size, copies good prints
1	nice price
1	courteous price
1	Reliable, sturdy printer, awesome text quality, job cancel button. Quiet!
1	Reliable, sturdy printer, awesome text timbre, job cancel clitoris. Quiet!
0	almost constant paper jams on every one we own
0	almost constant paper jams on one every we own
0	Large size compared to most units in the market.
0	Large size compared market most units in the to.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy wanton to use
1	5 megapixels, pro features, triple memory card format compatibility, fast 3X zoom, 
1	5 megapixels, pro, triple memory format compatibility, fast 3X zoom, 
0	None
0	none
1	Nice colors
1	colors
0	No flip front option
0	No option front flip
1	SLR, great image quality
1	SLR, cracking image quality
1	High Speed, Very Quiet, Instant On Feature, Double Sided Printing
1	High Speed, really Quiet, moment On Feature, Double Sided Printing
0	Included batteries, no protective case included
0	Included batteries, protective case included
0	too big in size to fit into any pocket
0	too big in size fit to into any pocket
1	Durable, easy to use, some good features
1	, easy to use, some good features
1	Uses Compact Flash, AA batteries &amp;amp; takes great pictures
1	AA Compact Flash, Uses batteries &amp;amp; takes great pictures
0	Ink is expensive
0	is Ink expensive
1	Comes with 2 cartridges, uses color and black simultaneously, USB port for macs and PC
1	Comes with 2 cartridges, uses color and black simultaneously, for macs and 
1	Beautiful pictures, great battery, solid build, feature-packed, swivel LCD
1	Beautiful pictures, great battery, solid LCD, feature-packed, swivel build
0	The biggy is the antenna. It breaks so ofetn motorola was fixing them for free--the catch is you have to mail it in and be without your cell phone for 7-10 days. This is  ...
0	The biggy it motorola antenna. It breaks so ofetn the was fixing them for free--the catch is is have to without you in and be mail your cell phone for 7-10 days. This is  ...
0	No MP3 player.  Must remove battery to access MMC card.
0	No MP3 player.  Must posting remove battery to access MMC card.
1	nice color screen, good range of ring tones that are not annoying
1	nice color range, good screen of ring tones that are not annoying
0	CF Card it shipped with... BOO
0	CF Card it shipped BOO... with
1	Full QWERTY keyboard, index finger typing, candy bar design flips open, Bluetooth.
1	Full Bluetooth keyboard, index finger typing, candy bar design flips open, QWERTY.
0	no sound when the shutter is released
0	no when sound the shutter is released
0	None yet.
0	None.
1	Ease of use, GUI, look, feel, weight, versatility, cost, Nokia reputation and quality
1	Ease use, GUI, look, feel, weight, versatility, cost, Nokia reputation quality
0	Poor quality camera and absolutely terrible quality control!
0	Poor quality camera and absolutely dreaded quality control!
1	Good print quality and speed for home use.
1	Good print quality and speed for home.
1	Size, ease of use, features
1	Size, ease of use, 
1	colored ink, cartridge easy to replace
1	colored ink, cartridge easy replace
0	Everything
0	Everything
1	Ease of use, Compatability, high quality color for price paid
1	color of use, Compatability, high quality Ease for price paid
1	Convenient and portable, looks great, good feature set
1	Convenient and portable, looks great, commodious good feature set
1	Good size, great reception, easy to use menus
1	Good size, great reception, utilise easy to use menus
0	awkward size, slow printing, poor paper handling
0	awkward, slow printing, poor paper handling
1	Good value; fast; zoom; uses AA batteries instead of expensive camera batttery. Veiwfinder and screen.
1	Good expensive; fast; value; uses AA batteries instead of zoom camera batttery. Veiwfinder and screen.
0	Discs have memory restrictions and I've had trouble connecting USB port to my CPU.
0	Discs have memory restrictions and I've trouble connecting USB to my CPU.
1	Good quality, reasonably quick unless printing complex/multicolored documents.
1	Good composite quality, reasonably quick unless printing complex/multicolored documents.
1	Great for the price
1	Great for majuscule the price
0	digital zoom gets pretty bad picture, but thats on all digital zoom
0	digital zoom gets pretty bad picture, but thats badness on all digital zoom
0	bad for night photos; LCD hard to see with daylight glare; 
0	bad for night photos; LCD daylight to see with hard glare; 
1	Fast; affordable; top-quality text output
1	Fast; affordable; top-quality output text
1	cheap,
1	flashy cheap,
1	small, but hard to lose, good interface, excellent reception
1	small, good hard to lose, but interface, excellent reception
0	low MP at only 2.1 the viewfinder to small
0	low MP at only II.1 the viewfinder to low
0	Batteries do not last at all in this camera.
0	Batteries do not last at all in this indium camera.
0	May want something lighter
0	lighter want something May
0	none so far
0	so none far
1	Two-way radio feature, rugedness, vibration alert
1	Two-way feature, rugedness, vibration alert
1	Nice all-in-one machine, small, decent and easy to use.
1	Nice all-in-one machine, employ small, decent and easy to use.
1	Separate ink tanks, USB, fast, quiet, $20USD factory rebate
1	Separate tanks, USB, fast, quiet, $20USD factory rebate
1	Easy to use,great pictures, compact yet fits well in hands.
1	Easy to use,cracking pictures, compact yet go well in hands.
1	fast &amp;amp; Excellent Print Quality
1	fast &;amp; Excellent Print Quality
1	LOADED with many pleasing features AND it's BEAUTIFUL!
1	LOADED with many delight features AND it's BEAUTIFUL!
1	Price
1	damage Price
0	low quality
0	low lineament quality
0	expensive non-standard accessories, battery life, signal strength, steep learning curve.
0	expensive non-standard accessories, battery life, signal speciality, steep encyclopaedism curve.
1	Great-looking; small/compact; light; doesn't heat up.
1	Great-looking; small/up; light; doesn't heat compact.
1	1. Easy to use 2.lots of tones 3.Large variety of face plates
1	1. Easy to use 2.mountain of tones 3.Large variety of boldness plates
0	expensive ink cartridges, no cables included
0	expensive ink nobelium cartridges, no cables included
0	No problems
0	No job
0	Occasionally may cause your computer to freeze.
0	to may cause your computer Occasionally freeze.
0	Can be bulky in pocket.  Weak vibration alert.  Does not come with a holster.
0	Can be bulky in.  Weak vibration alert.  not come with a holster.
1	inexpensive
1	cheap inexpensive
0	Poor macro shots, a bit bulky
0	Poor shots, a bit bulky
1	Initial cost, good image output, easy install
1	Initial cost, good easy output, image install
1	easy to use, economical, speedy
1	economical to use, easy, speedy
0	Big, USB only, Paper feed tray
0	Big, USB only, Paper feed solely tray
1	Good price, feature-rich, ext. flash hot-shoe
1	Good price, feature-rich, ext. hot-shoe
0	little pricey, small ink cartridges
0	little pricey, magazine small ink cartridges
1	Good sound through the handset
1	Good reasoned through the handset
0	Weak zoom, standard battery life limited
0	Weak zoom, limited battery life standard
1	Beautiful, 007-ish, extremely thinness
1	Beautiful, 007-ish, extremely slenderness thinness
1	Everything!  Price, Features, Size!  The only phone you will ever want.
1	Everything!  Price, Features, Size!  The only want you will ever phone.
0	Battery life, no manual focus.
0	Battery life, no manual concentre.
1	The print quality is great 
1	The print is great 
1	Great Zoom.  Excellent Optical quality.
1	swell Zoom.  Excellent Optical quality.
1	It's little...
1	little It's...
0	Uses a lot of battery power, somewhat heavy
0	Uses a mint of battery power, somewhat heavy
1	Solidly built, with a host of features.
1	Solidly reinforced, with a host of features.
0	Not the tiniest desktop footprint. Capable of jamming (albeit only when pushing your luck)., 
0	Not the tiniest desktop footprint. Capable of ram (albeit only when agitate your luck)., 
0	a little bit noisy&amp;#133;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	a little bite noisy&amp;#133;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&A;#10;
1	Crisp sound, fun games, excellent battery life
1	Crisp sound, fun battery, excellent games life
1	Features, Reliability, Value, Track Record
1	Features, Reliability, prise, Track Record
0	gsm network not always available, no date with time
0	gsm network not always available, no escort date with time
0	No Battery Charger
0	No courser Battery Charger
0	breaks easily
0	breaks 
1	Versatility, small package, picture quality
1	small, Versatility package, picture quality
1	Looks, comfort for baby, name
1	baby, comfort for Looks, name
1	Easy to use.  Sharp lens.  Very rugged.
1	to use.  Sharp lens.  Very rugged.
1	Fast speed, low per page cost.
1	Fast speed, per page cost.
1	Nice color screen, great ringers, small..
1	small color screen, great ringers, Nice..
1	Easy to use, Great quality of hardware and software
1	Easy to use, Great quality of hardware and 
1	Good Print Quality
1	skillful Print Quality
0	bulky frame and cheesey silver color
0	bulky frame and cheesey color
1	Moderate Price, Great package deal
1	Moderate package, Great Price deal
0	Ergonomics are not in my taste, but better than some others
0	Ergonomics better not in my taste, but are than some others
0	Noise, lowered quality over time.
0	Noise, terminated lowered quality over time.
0	None that I know of
0	None that I acknowledge of
1	Reception, excellent infrared synchronization, noise filtering, battery life, operating (menu) system.
1	Reception, excellent infrared synchronization, noise filtering, battery liveliness, operate (menu) system.
1	Easy to use, compact
1	to use, compact
1	Size, ease of use.
1	of, ease Size use.
1	easy to use, great pictures, lower cost
1	easy use, great pictures, lower cost
1	Output, speed, scanner &amp; fax functions, versatility
1	Output, hurrying, scanner &amp; fax functions, versatility
0	Flimsy antenna, very basic
0	Flimsy feeler, very basic
1	easy to use. no film or cards needed. 
1	easy to use. film no or cards needed. 
0	Switch needed to be replaced.
0	Switch needed be replaced.
0	No games
0	No biz games
0	trying to answer messages can be difficult.
0	seek to answer messages can be difficult.
0	black and white screen
0	black and screen white
1	sturdy, great picture quality
1	sturdy, great picture timbre
0	can't hear it ring, small font, menu clumsy
0	can't hear it IT ring, small font, menu clumsy
0	A little bulky. Screen graphics geared to toward the "youth" market.
0	A little bulky. Screen graphics geared to marketplace toward the "youth" market.
0	Cost
0	price
1	White light background.  Small, light,
1	White downplay light background.  Small, light,
1	Versatility
1	Versatility
1	Easy start, quick to set up for picture taking.
1	Easy commencement, quick to set up for picture taking.
0	short battery life, feels awkward.
0	life battery short, feels awkward.
1	Lots of great features
1	Lots of boast great features
1	Image color integrity is great., Battery life is long (70 images)
1	Image color integrity is great., Battery life is long (70 follow images)
1	Price, features, Great for quick shots, Optical and digital zooms
1	Price, features, for shots, Optical and digital zooms
0	None
0	none
1	cool factor
1	constituent cool factor
0	Smearing, bad print quality, noise, refusing to print, printing worthless symbols &amp;amp; characters
0	Smearing, bad print, noise, refusing print, printing worthless symbols &amp;amp; characters
0	Kind of pricey for an umbrella stroller
0	AN Kind of pricey for an umbrella stroller
1	quick, compact, manual feed slot, price
1	quick, slot, manual feed compact, price
0	horrible service, nothing but problems
0	horrible service, but problems
0	Lens cap comes off too easy.  Easily lost
0	Lens cap comes off too soft.  Easily lost
1	Brilliant photo quality prints. Perfect colour images. Borderless prints
1	images photo quality prints. Perfect colour Brilliant. Borderless prints
0	Horrendous battery life, flimsy quality.
0	Horrendous battery life, quality flimsy.
1	You can mix your own ringtones. Good coverage, and rock solid.
1	You can mix your rock ringtones. Good coverage, and own solid.
1	*Fast *Cheap *Works with Windows/Mac/Linux *Small footprint *Good print quality
1	*Fast *brassy Cheap *Works with Windows/Mac/Linux *Small footprint *Good print quality
0	none!
0	none!
1	Good-looking. Lightweight.  Phone of the Moment!
1	Good-looking. Lightweight.  phone of the Moment!
0	Weak flash, no USB interface, frequent red-eye
0	faint flash, no USB interface, frequent red-eye
0	Printer cartridges are expensive
0	cartridges Printer are expensive
0	to short for doing the ear-to-shoulder tuck without dropping the phone
0	short for doing the ear-to-shoulder without dropping the phone
1	Fast, fairly low cost
1	modest Fast, fairly low cost
0	Goes through ink like a hot knife through butter.
0	get through ink like a hot knife through butter.
0	annoying beep, fluctuating reception strength, voice mail message announce, mind of its own
0	annoying beep, fluctuating reception strength, voice mail message announce, mind of brain its own
1	4 separate ink cartridges means value
1	4 separate ink cartridges mean value
1	Ok camera
1	Ok 
1	Finest High End Digital Serious Amateur Camera Available
1	Finest High End Digital Camera Amateur Serious Available
0	A little too big, some problems with 3d party apps, bugs, stylus problems
0	A too little big, some problems with 3d party apps, bugs, stylus problems
0	Cheaply made case,low battery life
0	Cheaply made case,barrage low battery life
0	Paper Jamming, but see explanation below.
0	Paper but, Jamming see explanation below.
1	Tiny size, battery lasts and lasts, simple menus
1	Tiny size, battery lasts barrage and lasts, simple menus
0	Slow print time
0	print Slow time
0	less than eight wheels
0	less than eight 
1	A great printer at a good price.
1	pressman A great printer at a good price.
0	Well, you get what you pay for...
0	wellspring, you get what you pay for...
0	bad printing image, slow shutter
0	bad printing, slow shutter
0	Expensive ink and may not be as fast as the more expensive hp printers
0	Expensive ink and may not be as the more expensive hp printers
1	Excellent Quality, Cheap, easy to use
1	Excellent Quality, Cheap, easy use to
0	Accessories and phone are somewhat spendy.
0	accessary and phone are somewhat spendy.
1	Looks great, small
1	Looks great, minuscule small
0	None that I can find.
0	I that None can find.
0	Poorly designed software
0	designed software
0	Image capacity/storage, no optical viewfinder.
0	envision capacity/storage, no optical viewfinder.
0	Bulky
0	bulky Bulky
0	Ink runs quickly. Noisy. Slow warm up.  Ink not water resistant.  USB-only,
0	Ink runs quickly. Noisy. Slow warm up.  water resistant.  USB-only,
0	Software, battery life
0	, battery life
1	Small and lightweight. All the features you really need in a cell phone.
1	Small and lightweight. the features you need in a cell phone.
1	price
1	damage
0	Slow, Limited Ink Reserve
0	taciturnity Slow, Limited Ink Reserve
0	the strap was a pain to put on.
0	the strap was a put to pain on.
1	Chic, classy...can fit in your pocket, bag etc..Colorful..
1	colorful Chic, classy...can fit in your pocket, bag etc..Colorful..
0	printing photos, customer service
0	impression photos, customer service
1	Replaceable ink tanks; Ease of use; Excellent value;
1	Replaceable ink tanks; Ease of habit; Excellent value;
0	Not a pocket camera (1 lbs 7 oz) and expensive.
0	Not a pocket and (1 lbs 7 oz) camera expensive.
0	1.3 Megapixel cameras just don't cut it.  
0	1.3 Megapixel cameras just don't trim it.  
1	nice faceplates, 1-touch dialing, lots of space for numbers
1	squeamish faceplates, 1-touch dialing, lots of space for numbers
0	vibration is not strong at all
0	vibration is not solid at all
1	feature rich (calendar, calculator, games, ring types)
1	feature rich (calendar, estimator, games, ring types)
1	Good design, durability, signal quality and lots of features for a low price.&#13;&#10;
1	low design, durability, Good quality and lots of features for a signal price.&#13;&#10;
1	Looks good.
1	depend Looks good.
0	color reproduction
0	color 
0	Very slow speed for landscape oriented documents.
0	Very slow speed for landscape oriented document.
1	Good value for the money.
1	for value Good the money.
1	Small, Scene Mode, includes battery and charger
1	Small, Scene Mode, includes and charger
1	Inexpensive printer from a great company
1	Inexpensive printer from a great 
1	VERY little maintenance
1	sustentation VERY little maintenance
1	Hardware
1	Hardware
1	Speedy, and individual colour cartridges.  Out tray folds up to save space.
1	Speedy, and individual cartridges.  Out tray folds up to space.
1	Strong phone, good sound
1	Strong headphone, good sound
0	The price of the ink cartages
0	The Price of the ink cartages
1	Cheap!  Nice deskstand!
1	bum!  Nice deskstand!
1	Very light weight, useful features, excellent quality.
1	Very light weight, features, excellent quality.
0	dropped calls; random shut-offs; poor voice quality (I'm always told speak up); no 2-way texting
0	omit scream; random shut-offs; misfortunate voice quality (I'm always told speak up); no 2-way texting
0	Nokia 8210 is high quality, but a little bit expensive.
0	Nokia 8210 is high select, but a little mo expensive.
0	High Power Consumption
0	mightiness High Power Consumption
0	Poor, poor quality... flimsy, loose flip. Buggy software
0	Poor, poor quality... flimsy, loose flip. Buggy 
1	Uses a floppy disk, easy to use
1	Uses a disk, easy to use
0	Long, confusing menu
0	fare Long, confusing menu
1	Great signal quality, Great value, Good battery life, Good durability
1	Great signal quality, durability value, Good battery life, Good Great
1	usb,viewfinder, optical zoom
1	usb,viewfinder, zoom
0	Bad signal reception!!!
0	spoilt signal reception!!!
1	good software/ easy install/can be found cheap.
1	good software/ install/can be found cheap.
1	Good camera for under $400.  Small but durable
1	proficient camera for under $400.  Small but durable
0	Size of pictures and erase features are not what I would like.
0	Size of see and erase sport are not what I would like.
0	A little bulky and heavy for the casual user. No proper hand grip.
0	A little grip and heavy for the casual user. No proper hand bulky.
1	Small, lightweight, thin, good reception, solid construction, free with plan!
1	Small, solid, thin, good reception, lightweight construction, free with plan!
1	ease of use 
1	ease use 
1	Great screen and features
1	features screen and Great
1	Stylish, maneuverable, lightweight.  Easy to store
1	Stylish, maneuverable, lightweight.  Easy store
1	Looks, Camera
1	camera Looks, Camera
1	Legible screen, large touch pad with full function Palm OS, and high quality digital phone.
1	Legible screen, large touch with full function OS, high quality digital phone.
1	Quick easy setup, simple USB connection with XP. User friendly options/settings menu.
1	straightaway easy setup, simple USB connector with XP. User friendly options/settings menu.
0	Ergonomics not for everyone.  Electronic View Finder. Storage Medium.
0	Ergonomics not for everyone.  Electronic View Finder. entrepot Storage Medium.
0	Battery life 
0	life Battery 
1	very roomy, long lasting
1	roomie very roomy, long lasting
0	Expensive ink.
0	ink.
0	Can't think of any reasonable things to put here!
0	Can't conceive of any reasonable things to put here!
0	Display a bit utilitarian; No polyphonic ringer
0	Display a bit utilitarian; polyphonic No ringer
1	Form-factor, picture quality, zoom, massive features.
1	massive, picture quality, zoom, Form-factor features.
0	Size. Weight. Shooting speed.
0	speed. Weight. Shooting Size.
0	A tad bulky and heavy
0	A heavy bulky and tad
1	The FinePix A101 is small, lightweight , and easy to use.  
1	The FinePix whippersnapper A101 is small, lightweight , and easy to use.  
1	lightweight, great features
1	jackanapes lightweight, great features
1	Small size, easy to use, great clarity
1	Small size, easy to use, pellucidity great clarity
1	Fabulous lens, great pictures, many "35mm pro" features
1	lens, great pictures, many "35mm pro" features
0	No flash,zoom, or preview screen, only 4MB memory, auto-focus only
0	No flash,zoom, or preview screen, only 4MB memory, auto-focus newsflash only
0	can't find any yet!
0	yet find any can't!
1	Nice prints, cheap, reliable, lots of replacement cartridges available
1	lots prints, cheap, reliable, Nice of replacement cartridges available
0	Focus could use a little work, and the loose lens cap is very annoying.  Some third-party compatibility would have been swell, too
0	focalize could role a lilliputian work, and the sluttish lens cap is very annoying.  Some third-party compatibility would have been swell, too
1	USB Camera, Small, Compact Design
1	USB Camera,, Compact Design
0	Flash can tend to drown out picture subjects (very strong!)
0	Flash can tend to drown out picture subjects (!)
0	The Antenna. Do not buy this phone the antenna will break.
0	The Antenna. this not buy Do phone the antenna will break.
0	Rapid fading on certain papers if left unprotected.  Difficulties with paper loading.
0	Rapid if on certain papers fading left unprotected.  Difficulties with paper loading.
1	plenty of features
1	plenty of wad features
1	Affordable
1	affordable
1	The low price makes it very convent
1	makes low price The it very convent
1	Excellent software programs
1	programs software Excellent
1	Compact size and very good video for a still camera
1	compress size and very skilful video for a still camera
1	Good Speed, Great Quality, Very quiet
1	skillful Speed, Great Quality, Very quiet
0	Compromised image quality.
0	Compromised quality image.
1	Fast printing, decent text output
1	Fast printing, decent becoming text output
1	Looks good!!!
1	good Looks!!!
0	Noisy, expensive, bad customer service, not supported on Windows XP.
0	Noisy,, bad service, not supported on Windows XP.
0	Slow
0	irksome Slow
1	Very durable, Costs very Little, great software
1	Very durable, Costs very Little, great package software
1	No film
1	nobelium No film
0	Software bugs
0	Software package bugs
1	Great Resolution
1	Resolution Great
0	No games, limited ringer tones, dual mode only, not as simple as other phones
0	No games, limited mode tones, dual ringer only, not as simple as other phones
0	None
0	None
0	battery life
0	battery 
0	NOT NT compatible.
0	NOT compatible.
1	Superb styling, portability, cusomisation, and loaded with features.
1	cusomisation styling, portability, Superb, and loaded with features.
1	Inexpensive, good volume
1	good, Inexpensive volume
1	easy to wash padding, easy to use
1	to wash padding, easy to use
1	1.3 megapixel resolution
1	1.3 megapixel resolve
0	HORRIBLE indoor, parking structure, mall performance. JAVA crashes frequently causing menu's to seaze.
0	HORRIBLE indoor, structure, mall performance. JAVA crashes frequently menu's to seaze.
1	small, stylish, easy to understand menus
1	small, stylish, easy understand menus
1	Quality and initial price. Easy to print banners.
1	Quality and initial price. Easy banners print to.
1	Low ELF emissions
1	depression ELF emissions
0	battery life, reception
0	life, reception
0	None
0	none None
0	Lacks Good Security, All Features NOT Avaliable everywhere, Screen Hard To See In Sunlight
0	Lacks Good Security, All Features NOT Avaliable everywhere, Screen Hard To whole See In Sunlight
1	small, light, great sound, phone book, calender, too much to list!
1	small, light, bully sound, phone ledger, calender, too much to list!
1	Compact, great first digital camera. Many extra features. Reasonable price.
1	Compact, great camera digital first. Many extra features. Reasonable price.
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	no weak mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, analog camera
0	small; menu shortcuts; NiMH battery
0	menu; small shortcuts; NiMH battery
1	large seats, lightweight, easy to push/steer
1	large seats, lightweight, easy to can push/steer
0	Cost
0	toll Cost
1	Inexpensive, Small Footprint, Quiet, Fast and Crisp printing.
1	Inexpensive, Small Footprint, Quiet, profligate and Crisp printing.
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is effective, did ace mention reception?
1	Smooth ride, Comfortable for  baby,lightweight
1	Smooth ride, for  baby,lightweight
0	hassles with toner smudiging
0	hassles with toner 
0	microphone, LCD, case, were all problem areas - i hate this phone
0	mike, LCD, eccentric, were all problem areas - i hate this phone
0	noisy, slow
0	noisy, wearisome slow
1	Small and compact, easy to use, great quality picture, MPEG Movie mode.
1	Small and compact, easy to, quality picture, MPEG Movie mode.
1	features, smallish for an all-in-one with fax capabilities.
1	features, smallish for an all-in-one fax capabilities.
1	Small, lightweight
1	, lightweight
1	Colorful and Affordable
1	Colorful Affordable and
1	Great battery life, awesome games, compact, and durable.&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;
1	Great battery life, awesome games, compact, thickset and durable.&#9;&#concordat 9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;&#9;
1	Top Quality, Speed, Software
1	Speed Quality, Top, Software
0	Reception not very good, caused by mobile phone service (Fido).
0	Reception not non very good, caused by mobile phone service (Fido).
0	Potential for antenna problems.
0	for antenna problems.
1	Low price, small footprint, simple.
1	Low, small footprint, simple.
0	Cost of ink cartridges.
0	Cost cartridge of ink cartridges.
0	Battery life
0	Battery 
1	Awesome photos
1	Awesome 
0	too easy 
0	too 
0	None
0	none
0	Phonebook support, battery life, SMS support, buggy BT
0	Phonebook support, patronise battery life, SMS support, buggy BT
0	1. Sometimes poor reception  2. Many newer Nokia phones available
0	1. Sometimes poor reception  2. New Many newer Nokia phones available
0	Rotten manual; horrible built-in ringtones; stiff power button
0	Rotten; horrible built-in ringtones; stiff power button
0	pricy
0	pricey
0	You get what you paid for.
0	You get what you for.
1	Good picture quality, lightweight, stylish, good interface
1	Good picture quality, lightweight, stylish, good whippersnapper interface
0	printed photos have low dpi - not great quality.
0	printed photos have low dpi - great quality.
1	Great pictures
1	pictures
1	It's not poisonous
1	It's not 
1	Great phone
1	phone Great
0	Speakerphone &amp; Wireless Web Message needs improvement..
0	Speakerphone &amp; Wireless Web Message motivation improvement..
0	Optical zoom has no Telephoto
0	ocular zoom has no Telephoto
1	Text Messaging, Tri-Mode, Speaker Phone, Voice Dialing, Bluetooth, Web Access, Good Reception, Voice memos
1	Text dial Messaging, Tri-Mode, Speaker Phone, Voice Dialing, Bluetooth, Web Access, Good Reception, Voice memos
1	excellent picture quality, easy use
1	excellent picture quality, easy 
1	easy to use,hookup to computer,or TV
1	easy to use,hookup to TV,or computer
0	Battery usage
0	usage
1	Folds up easily, runs smoothly, lets my son look around at the scenery.
1	Folds up, smoothly, lets my son look around at the scenery.
1	Wonderful quality, Inexpensive, Compact , , * Printer Software CD 
1	Wonderful select, Inexpensive, Compact , , * Printer Software CD 
0	A little bulky and heavy but its expected with so many features.
0	A little bulky and heavy but features expected with so many its.
0	Haven't found any
0	Haven't discover any
0	High on radiation list, awkward cover release, smart card connection
0	High along on radiation list, awkward cover release, smart card connection
0	Very poor reception, drops calls all the time!
0	Very poor all, drops calls reception the time!
0	The batteries run away very fast.
0	The batteries run away very feed fast.
0	Scanning Colors, Installation Software, printer drivers.
0	Scanning read Colors, Installation Software, printer drivers.
0	Ringtones can not be added, and accessories are limited
0	Ringtones can added be not, and accessories are limited
1	Good output, easy install, high reliability.
1	Good output, install, high reliability.
0	no optical viewfinder, and NO LCD is very great in the sun
0	no optical viewfinder, nobelium and NO LCD is very great in the sun
1	Ease of use for novice and pro alike
1	Ease of manipulation for novice and pro alike
1	Incredible Color, Small size, Easy cartridge loading, good price
1	Incredible Color, size, Easy cartridge loading, good price
0	Rechargeable battery life is very short, small memory card, need to by the accessories
0	Rechargeable life is very short, small memory card, need to by accessories
1	nice color, easy, compact, uses CF, AA battery and USB, long exposure
1	nice color, aa easy, compact, uses CF, AA battery and USB, long exposure
1	Pretty. Wallpapers, and MIDI ringtones.
1	Pretty. Wallpapers, wallpaper and MIDI ringtones.
0	Doesn't show charging indicator; expensive to use V CAST features
0	features show charging indicator; expensive to use V CAST Doesn't
1	Great Product, Support
1	Great Product, indorse Support
1	The Size, Lots of Features,Lots of Ring Tones
1	The, Lots of Features,Lots of Ring Tones
0	Somewhat slow, grabs multiple sheets of paper
0	Somewhat slow, grabs multiple of paper
1	Fast, surprisingly good photo printing, quiet
1	Fast, surprisingly secure photo printing, quiet
0	none
0	none
1	Very user friendly
1	user friendly
0	Headset jack, inputting phone numbers, 'goodbye' message when shutting off phone.
0	Headset jack, inputting phone numbers, 'phone message when shutting off goodbye'.
0	pseudo-perfect picture quality, fairly expensive ink
0	pseudo-perfect picture quality, reasonably expensive ink
1	GPS, ease of use, cost, loud enough!
1	GPS, ease of cost, use, loud enough!
0	Reception, Dropped calls, Vibrate too soft,(can't feel in pocket)
0	Reception, Dropped, too soft,(can't feel in pocket)
1	Small size, excellent image quality, easy to use
1	Small size, image excellent quality, easy to use
0	Chromatic abberations, short zoom range, battery life
0	Chromatic abberations, zoom short range, battery life
0	you need a big hardrive to download photos
0	you need a big hardrive to photos
1	Quality printing, decent speed, long-life/high output
1	long-life printing, decent speed, Quality/high output
1	Inexpensive, very good quality, fun, easy to use.
1	Inexpensive, very good quality, fun, easy to.
0	Size, Battery Life,
0	Size, bombardment Life,
0	Wasn't invented earlier!!
0	Wasn't earliest invented earlier!!
1	Compact, Sharp Hi-Rez Pictures, lots of features
1	Compact, Sharp Hi-Rez caboodle Pictures, lots of features
1	small, lightweight, large backlit buttons, works in the areas where I need it to
1	small, lightweight, large backlit buttons, works areas where I need it to
1	Compact, great picture quality, lots of options, raw format available
1	thickset, great picture lineament, lots of options, raw format available
1	zoom
1	soar zoom
0	The display, vibrator mode.
0	The display, vibrator mood mode.
1	Small size, lots of features
1	Small size, deal of features
0	Slow, Ink runs out quickly
0	Slow, Ink lam out quickly
1	Picture, Features, Battery Life, Ease of Use, Construction
1	Picture, Features, Battery Life, relieve of Use, Construction
1	It worked fine during the warranty period
1	It mulct worked fine during the warranty period
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of employ use
1	Least expensive Bluetooth equipped phone. Speakerphone great.  Camera good enough for email.
1	Least expensive Bluetooth earpiece equipped phone. Speakerphone great.  Camera good enough for email.
0	You could probably get a better picture with a more expensive camera
0	could You probably get a better picture with a more expensive camera
0	Umbrella handles instead of a middle bar across&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Small storage basket
0	Umbrella handles instead of a middle bar across&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Small small storage mediate basket
0	Slow lens. Hard to retrieve memory card.
0	Slow lens. lense Hard to retrieve memory card.
0	Phone book not alphabetical, Manual not helpful, Menus sometimes cumbersome
0	telephone Phone book not alphabetical, Manual not helpful, Menus sometimes cumbersome
0	Buckle difficult to release; basket hard to access when stroller seat is reclined
0	Buckle difficult to release; basket hard is access when stroller seat to reclined
0	Serial cable instead of USB no shutter speed control(that or I haven't found it yet) flimsy memory card door High Power consumption! 
0	I cable instead of flimsy no shutter speed control(that or Serial haven't found it yet) USB memory card door High Power consumption! 
1	A pleasant change from nokia's. the best phone of it's time without doubt!
1	A pleasant a change from nokia's. the best phone of it's time without doubt!
1	Very lightweight, easy to carry with strap, highly portable
1	Very lightweight, jackanapes easy to carry with strap, highly portable
0	Prone to SPOOL32 errors
0	Prone to SPOOL32 error
1	Easy to use, great pictures, great size
1	Easy great use, to pictures, great size
0	Extremely slow shutter speed 
0	Extremely shutter slow speed 
1	Great photos from this printer
1	Great from this printer
0	Price
0	Price
1	Looks good
1	good
0	Bad reception, battery slides off too easily, doesn't always ring
0	Bad reception, battery off easily, doesn't always ring
0	none!!
0	none!!
0	The Video feature... and Rechargable Batteries are a must for this camera.
0	The Video feature... and Rechargable Batteries are a for camera.
0	None
0	none None
1	Price, Quality, Value, Ease of Use
1	Price,, Value, Ease of Use
0	Price, locks up every so often.
0	Price, locks up every often.
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	Big screen expandible for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	Excellent steering control - the best! One tough little lightweight stroller.
1	Excellent steering control - the master best! One tough little lightweight stroller.
0	Ringtone ramp time, lack of 'officially supported' sync software
0	Ringtone ramp formally time, lack of 'officially supported' sync software
0	Low image resolution, eats batteries
0	Low range image resolution, eats batteries
0	A little slow
0	A amp little slow
1	Great quality pictures, lots of features, inexpensive expansion
1	Great pictures, lots of features, inexpensive expansion
0	- Needs steady hands 
0	- Needs hands 
0	not a flip phone, could withstand more of a beating, try a motorola?
0	not a flip phone, could withstand more of a beating, try earpiece a motorola?
0	Waiting for it to be delivered
0	look for it to be delivered
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony  flash, battery and lens covers, Shutter Speed
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony  heartbeat, battery and lens covers, Shutter velocity
1	*Voice recording.&#13;&#10;*Strong vibration .&#13;&#10;*Small size .&#13;&#10;*Shortcut button .
1	*crosscut Voice recording.&#13;&#10;*Strong vibration .&#13;&#10;*Small size .&#13;&#10;*Shortcut button .
1	True photo quality, quiet operation
1	True photo quality, repose operation
0	Lack of durability of case finish
0	case of durability of Lack finish
0	Flimsy, poor reception, hard to read.
0	Flimsy, inadequate reception, hard to read.
0	Can't charge battery in camera
0	Can't battery in camera
0	software
0	package software
0	lacks optical zoom
0	optical zoom
1	Looks great, plus it's not too costly!
1	Looks great, besides plus it's not too costly!
0	Minor improvement over 8260; difficult keypad; incompatible with 8260 charging stand
0	Minor improvement over 8260; difficult keypad; incompatible with uncongenial 8260 charging stand
1	Different connectivity options.  Compact.  Extremely practical.  AIM service.  Quadband.
1	Different Quadband options.  Compact.  Extremely practical.  AIM service.  connectivity.
1	good picture quality, low price
1	good quality, low price
0	None
0	none None
0	Cost of Paper/Ink, Time to Print.
0	Paper of Cost/Ink, Time to Print.
1	Inexpensive, exceptional graphic/photo print quality, fast, laser-crisp text, individual ink cartridges (inexpensive as well)
1	Inexpensive, exceptional graphic/cheap photo print quality, fast, laser-crisp text, individual ink cartridges (inexpensive magazine as well)
1	fast, reliable, easy-to-use, easy-to-configure, just works kinda printer
1	works, reliable, easy-to-use, easy-to-configure, just fast kinda printer
0	Costs more than it should
0	be more than it should
1	Great image quality, wide range of options, easy to use.
1	options image quality, wide range of Great, easy to use.
0	often malfunctions, uses ink too fast, horrible customer service
0	often malfunctions, habituate ink too fast, horrible customer service
1	Small and easily transportable., Good for emailing pictures., Can take 53 pictures a session.
1	Small and easily transportable., Good for Can pictures., emailing take 53 pictures a session.
1	1200x1200 resolution
1	1200x1200 declaration
0	No coverage, No service, see above
0	No service, No coverage, see above
1	Affordable, lightweight, and reputable company
1	Affordable, jackanapes, and reputable company
0	Software takes some time to master. Some features not usable with networks.
0	Software takes some to time master. Some features not usable with networks.
0	speakerphone is only half-duplex, antenna nub inhibits pocketability, call quality varies, only one color
0	is only half-duplex, nub inhibits pocketability, call quality varies, only one color
0	No lens cover
0	No lens cross
1	great for the home user
1	for the home user
0	Not Really Fully Bluetooth<p> Durability<p>
0	Not phosphorus Really Fully Bluetooth<p> Durability<p>
1	works at a good speed, near-perfect color, doesn't jam
1	works at a dear speed, near-perfect color, doesn't jam
1	quality printing, good size/shape
1	quality timbre printing, good size/shape
1	tiny, can use 6190 home and car chargers, comes w/ headset
1	tiny, can manipulation 6190 home and car chargers, comes double-u/ headset
0	Discontinued by HP, even though its technology is the same as the currently available P1000.
0	Discontinued uncommitted by HP, even though its technology is the available same as the currently available P1000.
0	Print head clogging, mediocre output on plain paper
0	choke Print head clogging, mediocre output on plain paper
0	Somewhat slow printing. (especially color) Ink seems to use up quickly. 
0	Somewhat quickly printing. (especially color) Ink seems to use up slow. 
0	Durability, Lack of Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
0	Durability, lack of Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
1	Sleek Design, Metal case, Clear sound quality, World traveler.
1	Sleek Design, Metal case, sound quality, World traveler.
1	Great image quality, great auto metering, one touch photos.
1	Great image quality, great auto unitary metering, one touch photos.
1	Beautiful text and graphics; easy to use.
1	Beautiful text and graphics; easy to usance.
0	Lag from when you press the button.
0	Lag from you when press the button.
0	not durable, no web browser, cingular has pretty bad coverage, small buttons
0	not durable, no browser, cingular has pretty bad, small buttons
0	Ergonomics
0	ergonomics Ergonomics
1	I like all SONY Digitals!
1	I like SONY Digitals!
0	Quality of the mechanics of the printer may be lacking.
0	be of the mechanics of the printer may Quality lacking.
1	Easy to use, cheap price, e-mail options, instant message options, etc.
1	Easy to use, cheap, e-mail options, message options, etc.
1	Quality polyphonic ringtones, decent camera, good reception.
1	Quality polyphonic ringtones, decent camera, honest reception.
1	Low Price
1	Price Low
0	Crummy viewfinder; Dim LCD; terrible low-light performance
0	Crummy viewfinder; Dim LCD; low-light performance
0	Vibrate then ring starts ringing too soon.
0	Vibrate so then ring starts ringing too soon.
1	Light weight, well padded, very roomy, beautiful fabric...
1	Light weight, well padded, roomie very roomy, beautiful fabric...
0	Your number shows up as private when you call someone, until you change that.
0	Your number point up as private when you forebode someone, until you change that.
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	Voice navigation, recorder, screen quality, speakerphone
0	Signal Reception, Coverage Area.
0	Signal, Coverage Area.
1	VERY compact and awesome shell design
1	shell compact and awesome VERY design
0	Wish it had an integrated lens cap
0	Wish cap had an integrated lens it
1	Very Comfortable to use
1	Very Comfortable to purpose
0	You get what you pay for
0	You get what you pay for
0	Picture save time
0	Picture save 
0	Non-intuitive menus, lackluster standby time
0	Non-intuitive menus, lackluster clip standby time
1	Small, Lightweight, easy to use with a headset,and Internet Browser.
1	Small, with, easy to use Lightweight a headset,and Internet Browser.
1	Quality, Style
1	Style, Quality
1	Downloading images from a flashcard
1	Downloading images from a download flashcard
0	does not handle low light and distance very well
0	very not handle low light and distance does well
1	Easy of use, Make your on video's, Multiple accessories, long battery life, Well built!
1	Easy of, Make your video's, Multiple accessories, long battery life, Well built!
1	Adjustable handle height, pneumatic wheels, tight turn radius, switches to a jogger, sturdy.
1	Adjustable handle height, pneumatic wheels, tight wheel turn radius, switches to a jogger, sturdy.
0	The very short battery life.
0	The very short battery animation life.
1	light, cheap, reliable
1	cheap, light, reliable
1	Ease of use, price and quality of pictures, 
1	Ease of and, price use quality of pictures, 
0	slow
0	dim
0	buttons small,yellow backlight, no web browser, only one number under each name in phone book
0	inch buttons small,yellow backlight, no web browser, only one number under each inch name in phone book
1	Great quality for the price
1	Great choice quality for the price
1	easy to use, very much features, 32 digital zoom
1	easygoing to use, very much features, 32 digital zoom
0	Uses expensive Sony Memory Stick.
0	usage expensive Sony Memory Stick.
0	It's old.
0	old.
0	No support for the future
0	No nobelium support for the future
1	Very Cheap and easy to find at stores.  Does it all.
1	stores Cheap and easy to find at Very.  Does it all.
1	Great print quality
1	print quality
0	high battery drain
0	battery high drain
0	software, JPG compression only option, no battery life indicator
0	software, JPG compression only option, no battery indicator
1	Battery life, durability, sound quality
1	Battery animation, durability, sound quality
0	Black ink cartridge runs out sometimes
0	Black ink runs out sometimes
0	looks cheap
0	cheap looks
1	Size, Weight, Style, Blue lights, very very slick
1	Size, Weight, Style, rattling Blue lights, very very slick
1	Great photos.
1	photos Great.
1	world phone, fits in my pocket, ok reception, sleek aluminum casing, free
1	world phone, fits in my pocket, ok reception, sleek aluminum sac casing, free
1	Size, Software, Convenience
1	Size, Software, widget Convenience
0	Zoom feature blurs photo too easily, Battery Drainer, Flimsy Strap, LED fuzzy/hard to view
0	Zoom catch feature blurs photo too easily, Battery Drainer, Flimsy Strap, LED fuzzy/hard grueling to view
0	None
0	none None
0	Noise, speed, reliability, durability, paper feed.
0	Noise, speed, reliability, durability, feed.
1	gadget options, design
1	gadget contrivance options, design
1	lots of features: speaker phone, built in camera, attractive case
1	stacks of features: speaker phone, built in camera, attractive fount
1	Great Pictures. Ease of use. Great built in bonus features (passport size photos etc..)
1	heavy fancy. Ease of use. Great built in bonus features (passport size photos etc..)
0	Better stock up on a good supply of batteries.
0	Better stock up on line a good supply of batteries.
1	Star-Trekky look puts you in the 'cool' crowd
1	Star-Trekky look puts you in 'cool' crowd
0	Sometimes funky focusing issue. Learning curve
0	Sometimes funky focusing smelly issue. Learning curve
0	Battery charge life, no case
0	battery charge life, no case
1	small size, easy to use for a amatuer
1	small size, easy to use for a amatuer
0	battery life, lack of AC adaptor, clunky PC software
0	battery package life, lack of AC adaptor, clunky PC software
1	Easy to use
1	well-off to use
0	Downloadable ringers has problems, reception, awkward button placement.
0	Downloadable receipt ringers has problems, reception, awkward button placement.
0	none so far
0	so none far
1	Size, weight and quality.
1	Size, weight and prize.
1	Durable
1	Durable
0	Did not come with an ac adapter
0	Did not come with an ac 
1	http://www.epinions.com/welcome.html?member=schumanfu2  
1	http://www.schumanfu2.com/welcome.html?member=epinions  
1	WOW!  Great Quality--So easy!
1	WOW!  majuscule Great Quality--So easy!
0	getting used to the different features and settings 
0	to used getting the different features and settings 
0	The inks are expensive as is the high gloss, good paper.
0	The inks are expensive as is the high polish, near paper.
0	initial price, text print slow, poor text print on plain paper
0	initial price, text print slow, text print plain paper
0	Extremely poor quality pics.
0	poor quality pics.
0	Slightly Expensive, USB not compatible with Win95, Memory Sticks are expensive for extras
0	Slightly Expensive, not compatible with Win95, Memory Sticks are for extras
0	Lens cap keeps falling off.
0	Lens ceiling keeps falling off.
0	Too many features
0	Too many 
1	Compact, lightweight, easy to use, charge life is good.
1	Compact, lightweight, easy to use, charge concordat life is good.
0	plain paper output not as sharp, slow in high quality modes
0	plain paper output as sharp, in high quality modes
0	Lame games
0	game Lame games
1	Size, solid construction, looks, performance, features
1	Size, solid construction, looks, unanimous performance, features
1	Size, Price, Resolution, Menu Layout
1	Size, Price, solving, Menu Layout
1	Unbelievable photo quality; quiet; no warmup
1	Unbelievable photo quality; quietly; no warmup
1	Changeable faceplates, long battery life, great reception, durable construction.
1	Changeable faceplates, long battery life, construction reception, durable great.
1	Easy to use
1	comfortable to use
1	A3, very fast
1	A3, very degenerate fast
1	great pictures
1	nifty great pictures
0	Eats batteries (like most cameras), some sight problems.
0	Eats batteries (like most cameras), sight problems.
1	small,great and cheap.
1	small,cheap and great.
1	all-in-one device, size, color screen
1	all-in-one device, size, color 
1	great memory
1	great retentiveness memory
0	The little rubber plug that you have to lift to plug in the headset.
0	The little no-good plug that you have to lift to quid in the headset.
0	Not intuitive, big (for today), unstable
0	Not intuitive, big (today for), unstable
1	Picture quality, Size, Durability
1	Picture Durability, Size, quality
0	None that I see!
0	None that I none see!
1	Elegance appearance with a slim and graceful figure; strong function positioning, and abundant personal designing.
1	Elegance appearance function a slim abundant graceful figure; strong with positioning, and and personal designing.
0	Not the top printer in the range
0	Not the top printer in the rove
0	Ink cartridges small and slightly expensive.
0	Ink cartridges slightly and small expensive.
0	non-alphebatized phone book, no games, bad rings
0	non-alphebatized phone book, no games, No bad rings
1	clear print quality, multifunctional
1	clear print quality, calibre multifunctional
0	packaged memory too small (16mb), short battery life, inconvenient charging process
0	packaged memory too small (16mb), short battery life, inconvenient package charging process
0	Speakers not too clear. No ear plug hole. Side buttons are awkward. No holster.
0	Speakers not too ear. No clear plug hole. Side buttons are awkward. No holster.
0	Flimsy antenna
0	slight antenna
1	Looks neat.
1	dandy Looks neat.
0	No USB connection
0	connecter No USB connection
1	Reliable, economical, reasonably priced
1	Reliable, economical, priced reasonably
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, decent image quality
1	Inexpensive, to easy use, decent image quality
0	possibly too small....?
0	possibly belittled too small....?
1	Excellent reception, vivid color screens, solid feel in your hand,and a quality low-res camera.
1	Excellent reception, vivid color screens, solid feel in your hand,response and hearty a quality low-res camera.
0	havent found a bad thing yet
0	havent found a withal bad thing yet
1	Many features, Large LCD display
1	features, Large LCD display
0	won't always print multiple copies
0	won't incessantly print multiple copies
1	Acceptable color prints, all in one, no feeds problems
1	satisfactory color prints, all in one, no feeds problems
0	Battery life if not conditioned properly
0	Battery life if not conditioned right
0	batteries used up very fast, no optical zoom
0	batteries used up very optical, no fast zoom
1	Compact, Easy to Navigate Menus, Clarity, Reception, Phone Book
1	Compact, Easy to record Navigate Menus, Clarity, Reception, Phone Book
0	Horrible build quality and charging problems
0	Horrible build quality charging problems
0	only stores 8 pictures at a time, extremely poor photo quality, everything is washed in blue, all photos have &amp;quot;fish bowl&amp;quot; effect
0	only stores 8 pictures at a axerophthol time, extremely poor photo quality, everything is washed in blue, photo all photos have &amp;quot;fish take bowl&amp;quot; effect
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), battery big color screens, nice lasts forever.
0	system is bulky
0	arrangement is bulky
0	Battery life is average, can't talk while phone is charging
0	life is average, talk while phone is charging
1	There are no pros worth putting up with this phone for.
1	There are no pros worth putting phone with this up for.
1	fast, easy setup
1	setup, easy fast
0	Tricky USB installation routine, different body styling.
0	Tricky USB installation routine, body different styling.
0	Antenna is huge -- almost as long as the phone when fully extended.
0	Antenna is huge -- almost as long as the phone when extended fully.
1	Rechargeable Battery, Easy to use, super disk drive
1	Rechargeable Battery, Easy to use, top-notch disk drive
0	risky technology
0	technology risky
0	Price
0	Price
1	Thrifty operation, excellent photo printing, reasonably fast, works with Mac OS X and OS 9
1	Thrifty operation, photo printing, fast, works with OS X and OS 9
1	Easy to use and quality pictures
1	Easy to use wanton and quality pictures
1	Size, weight, features, reception.
1	Size, weight, boast features, reception.
0	Devours batteries, white out on closeups with flash
0	Devours batteries, white out on closeups with swank
1	Price, output quality
1	Price, outturn quality
1	Sharp lens, battery life, rugged construction, responsive controls
1	Sharp life, battery lens, rugged construction, responsive controls
1	Size, quality, sound
1	Size, quality, phone
0	Motorola has horrible/no customer service
0	Motorola has horrible/no service customer
1	Sharp images, inexpensive
1	Sharp effigy, inexpensive
1	Inexpensive, 0.4 Pico-liter nozzle
1	Inexpensive, 0.Pico-liter 4 nozzle
1	Great point and shoot for the amateur., Advanced features for the more experienced.
1	Great point neat and shoot for the amateur., Advanced features for the more experienced.
0	Lack of manual control options, fixed ISO sensitivity (100)
0	Lack of manual control options, sensitivity ISO fixed (100)
0	No storage.
0	nobelium storage.
0	Big, Speaker phone not too usable.
0	Big, too phone not Speaker usable.
0	Heads clog easily, faulty feed mechanism, poor customer service.
0	Heads poor easily, faulty feed mechanism, clog customer service.
1	Light, Compact Flash, many modes for different settings
1	Light, Compact Flash, for modes many different settings
1	Screen and font size, and features.
1	screenland and font size, and features.
1	Internal antenna, voice dialing, price, custom faceplates, durability, readily available accessories at local stores.
1	Internal antenna, voice dialing, price, durability faceplates, custom, readily available accessories at local stores.
0	None Observed
0	Observed None
1	very nice exterior design
1	very nice exterior courteous design
0	not fancy, dark pictures in overcast weather
0	not fancy, dark pictures in overcast 
1	The price has fell, the reliablity is definitely built in.
1	The price has, reliablity is definitely built in.
1	Good sound quality, Large display, openwave mobile web compatible, video/still camera
1	Good good quality, Large display, openwave mobile web compatible, video/tranquilize camera
0	I ran out f black ink after 3 months
0	I ran out f blackened ink after 3 months
1	- Speed, - Instant dry ink, - separate big ink tanks, - BRILLIANT photo prints
1	- Speed, - cooler Instant dry ink, - separate big ink tanks, - BRILLIANT photo prints
1	whitish blue backlight color, animated menus, clear sound, cheep price, pretty light, etc.
1	whitish backlight color, animated menus, clear, cheep price, pretty light, etc.
1	Reasonable priced, easy to use, kid friendly
1	Reasonable priced, easy to kid, use friendly
0	Very little memory for image files.
0	Very little memory for envision files.
0	Poor quality color printing, can't use rebate
0	Poor color printing, can't use rebate
0	Lack of networking support; no multipage FAX input
0	Lack of networking; no multipage FAX input
1	maneuverability, versatility
1	manoeuvrability maneuverability, versatility
0	print quality deteriorates fast, high price of ink cartridges.
0	print quality deteriorates fast, eminent price of ink cartridges.
1	price,its cute,has all basic needed features
1	price,its cute,IT has all basic needed features
0	you get what you pay for, this isn't for photo printing
0	for get what you pay you, this isn't for photo printing
0	No Bluetooth, occasional email spam, marginal camera, potentially fragile, very few games available.
0	No Bluetooth, occasional email spam, marginal camera, potentially fragile, very few biz usable.
1	It looks nice
1	It expression nice
0	A little "plastic" looking, drains batteries quickly, picture editing software is useless
0	A "plastic" looking, drains batteries quickly, picture editing is useless
0	FRAGILE antenna, poor ergonomics, phonebook, user interface, weak vibrate
0	FRAGILE antenna, poor ergonomics, interface, user phonebook, weak vibrate
0	When wearing on a belt with a case (samsung) ,phone sometimes flips open.
0	When wearing on a belt with a case (samsung) , sometimes open.
0	Battery life, Memory card size 
0	Battery retention life, Memory card size 
1	interchangeable faces to match decor
1	interchangeable faces to match standardised decor
1	Nice camera and other various upgrades.
1	various camera and other Nice upgrades.
1	Lightweight, durable, plush fabric, smooth suspension; reversible handle bar; fully reclining seat
1	Lightweight, durable, plush fabric, unruffled suspension; reversible handle stripe; fully reclining seat
0	Ink Cartridge costs
0	Ink Cartridge price
1	Easy to use, sharp detailed images
1	detailed to use, sharp Easy images
0	Poor reception, dropped calls, static.  Poor volume. At best fair battery life.
0	Poor reception, dropped calls, static.  Poor fair. At best volume battery life.
0	Distorted reception
0	twist reception
1	IBM microdrive compatibility,standard form factor, high res
1	microdrive compatibility,standard form factor, high res
0	keypads are hard to use in the beginning
0	keypads are hard to use in the outset
0	-Heavier than new Nokia counterparts
0	-than Heavier new Nokia counterparts
1	Easy to use,light,big storage basket
1	Easy use,light,big storage basket
0	Limited light handling capabilities.  Poor color fidelity. 
0	Limited faithfulness light handling capabilities.  Poor color fidelity. 
1	Print the pictures you want.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Choose the size.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Save pictures to pc from printer.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Print the photo you deprivation.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Choose the sizing.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Save pictures to pc from pressman.&amp;#13;&amp;#tenner;
0	Verizon completely removed Voice Dialing on this supposedly "Upgraded" Phone.
0	Verizon completely removed ring Voice Dialing on this supposedly "Upgraded" Phone.
1	fast, easy, convienient
1	fast, easy, 
1	Looks cool, Great Display, Very Compact, Good reception.
1	wait cool, Great Display, Very Compact, Good reception.
1	Multi-position seat and footrest, large storage basket, easy fold, lightweight
1	Multi-position seat and footrest, vauntingly entrepot basket, easy fold, lightweight
1	Reliable, easy, floppy is ultimate in convenience.
1	Reliable, easy, floppy is ultimate in.
1	none
1	none
1	Folds really small, easy to manouver and looks great.
1	Folds really small, easy to manouver and looks dandy.
0	Speed is not what they say and the, paper jams.
0	Speed is not and they say what the, paper jams.
0	GSM coverage in the USA is not complete.&#13;&#10;Only 8 entries can have voice tags.
0	GSM coverage in the USA is not everlasting.&#13;&#decade;exclusively 8 entries can have voice tags.
0	Lacks "gee whiz" stuff like Bluetooth, Speakerphone, SD slot.
0	Lacks "gee whiz" stuff like Bluetooth, g Speakerphone, SD slot.
0	Pricey, the zoom is weaker than Gandhi
0	Pricey, the zoom is than Gandhi
1	good quality pictures, low price
1	characterization good quality pictures, low price
0	Price of accessories.
0	of Price accessories.
1	Size makes it easy to have with you always.
1	Size makes it always to have with you easy.
0	There is somewhat of a learning curve with the advanced controls.
0	somewhat is There of a learning curve with the advanced controls.
1	Olympus C700 destroys the digital camera competition.
1	contention Olympus C700 destroys the digital camera competition.
0	Expensive running costs, noisy, large, problems with non-Epson consumables.
0	Expensive running noisy, costs, large, problems with non-Epson consumables.
0	Doesn't work, poor resolution, fuzzy pictures, you name it.
0	Doesn't work, poor answer, fuzzy pictures, you name it.
1	Very lightweight, reversible handle, can take you from newborn years through toddler
1	Very lightweight, reversible handle, can take from years through toddler
1	Easy to use
1	loose to use
0	Manual (although lengthy) misses some important facts; Software is just OK.
0	Manual (although lengthy) misses some facts; Software is just.
1	ring tones, durability, size, price
1	ring tones, durability, price, size
1	Rock solid, great output, features, size.
1	Rock solid, great sport output, features, size.
0	Known issue with the "Flex Cable" (read review)
0	Known issue with the "Cable Flex" (read review)
0	still trying to figure out some of the features
0	still trying figure to out some of the features
1	External caller ID. That's about it.
1	External caller it. That's about ID.
0	Screen color is limited, vision content is lacking
0	Screen color limited, vision content is lacking
1	Great sound, nice video playback, solid build, MP3 ringtones, solid keypad, rotating camera, bluetooth
1	Great sound, nice video playback, solid build, MP3, solid keypad, rotating camera, 
0	No neck strap,only 8mb memory stick
0	whip No neck strap,only 8mb memory stick
1	some nice extra features, excellent reception, phonebook organized well, voice memo
1	some dainty extra features, excellent reception, phonebook organized well, spokesperson memo
0	Mediocre camera, difficult to access data on the phone
0	Mediocre camera, difficult to access the on data phone
0	Color printing a bit slow
0	Color printing a routine slow
0	No lense cover.
0	No cover lense.
0	Chunky by todays standard, poor camera quality, headphone socket is horrible
0	standard by todays Chunky, poor camera quality, headphone socket is horrible
1	good looking photos when they would print
1	looking photos when they would print
1	Great sound quality, awesome features
1	Great awesome quality, sound features
0	delay between snap of button and actual picture taking; short battery life
0	delay between snap of button and life picture taking; short battery actual
0	paper feed
0	prey paper feed
0	Case very fragile, get a leather case,
0	Case very fragile, aim a leather case,
1	Great Printer - Great Price - Great Quality!
1	Great Printer - Great Price - timbre Great Quality!
1	size
1	sizing
0	Don't buy this camera if you have XP or windows 2000.
0	Don't buy this camera if you or XP have windows 2000.
1	Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
1	Better digital indicate reception; decent sound.
0	not too many ringing types and more storage of numbers
0	not too many ringing and storage of numbers
1	Styling, user interface, battery life, infra-red communication, integrated speaker.
1	Styling, user interface, battery life, infra-red communication, mix speaker.
0	Customer care is a long distance call
0	Customer care is a long distance 
1	Great picture quality; very versatile for the money
1	Great quality; very versatile for the money
1	Excellent sound quality, solid build, sleek styling
1	Excellent sound quality, solid, sleek styling
0	Need to figure out (on your own) some of the more detailed options available.
0	Need to figure available (on your own) some of the more detailed options out.
1	Quiet, good text printing performance
1	calm, good text printing performance
1	Very small compact design, fast shutter response time, great quality photos.
1	Very small thickset design, fast shutter response time, great calibre photos.
0	The 5100 series faceplates don't fit the 5165 without buying new keypads.
0	The 5100 series tally faceplates don't fit the 5165 without buying new keypads.
1	Great print quality and speed, easy to setup and use
1	keen print quality and speed, promiscuous to setup and use
1	Too many to list!
1	number Too many to list!
0	Too many dropped calls, slow, quiet polyphonic rings, random restarts, 1995 cell phone dependability.
0	Too many dropped calls, slow, quiet polyphonic rings, random cell, 1995 restarts phone dependability.
1	Small, light, sexy
1	Small, illumination light, sexy
1	overall appearance, keyboard, camera, mp3 ringtones
1	keyboard appearance, overall, camera, mp3 ringtones
1	digita scripting, very easy to use interface
1	digita scripting, sluttish very easy to use interface
1	USB, megapixel, mass storage, LCD preview
1	USB, megapixel, mass memory storage, LCD preview
0	Prints a little slowly when printing in color
0	publish a little slowly when printing in color
1	The 270C has everything you need in a cellular phone and more.
1	The 270C has everything you motive in a cellular earpiece and more.
1	Attractive clamshell, external speaker
1	attractive Attractive clamshell, external speaker
0	a bit pricey, and not small
0	pricey bit a, and not small
1	Easy to use, tons of options,immediate connection to family and friends
1	use to Easy, tons of options,immediate connection to family and friends
0	price
0	price
1	Decent print quality, low price
1	Decent print quality, price
1	web enabled, easy to use, fast recharges
1	web, easy to use, fast recharges
0	no carrying case
0	case carrying no
0	sometimes jams paper up
0	sometimes muddle paper up
0	High Operating Cost; Average Resolution; Slow
0	Operating High Cost; Average Resolution; Slow
1	great price, great value, great product
1	great great, great value, price product
1	withstands much abuse, good reception, stylish model
1	withstands much abuse, unspoilt reception, stylish model
1	Quick, great color, great picture.
1	Quick, discolor great color, great picture.
1	4-machines-in-1 - for a dirt cheap price.
1	4-machines-in-1 - for a cheap dirt price.
0	noisy, first print takes a while to get going
0	noisy, print takes a while to get going
0	Blue Light Becomes Annoying at Times, Not as Many Features As More Expensive Phones
0	Blue Expensive Becomes Annoying at Times, Not as Many Features As More Light Phones
1	Picture Quality, speed of printing, card slots for compact flash and smart media cards.  
1	Picture Quality, speed of printing, card slots smart compact flash and for media cards.  
1	cheap, reception,, features
1	reception, cheap,, features
1	Very good print quality, good speed
1	Very good print quality, good 
1	Quiet, excellent quality for the price, Durable, and a great low price
1	Quiet, for the price, Durable, and a great low price
1	12 ppm, 600x 600 resolution, AFFORDABLE!
1	12 ppm, resolution 600 600x, AFFORDABLE!
0	Slow high colored pages
0	pages high colored Slow
0	Too Small (hard to hold), Poor Ringer Choices
0	toller Too Small (hard to hold), Poor Ringer Choices
1	Easy to Use, Good Calender and Alarm functions, Durable, Sleek, Overall Great Value
1	Easy to Use, Good Calender gravid and Alarm functions, Durable, Sleek, Overall Great Value
1	Price
1	damage
0	Ink Cartridges are very expensive
0	Ink are very expensive
1	Dependable, clear, moderately fast
1	unclutter Dependable, clear, moderately fast
1	Features, ISP access, All in One Convenience.
1	Features, ISP access, All in unrivalled Convenience.
1	Pocketable; easy to whip out and shoot.
1	to; easy Pocketable whip out and shoot.
1	Nice looks, lots of features, camera/flash a big plus, nice ringers, easy to use.
1	overnice Nice looks, lots of features, camera/lineament flash a big plus, nice ringers, easy to use.
0	Requires some effort to upload photos to hard drive.
0	Requires photos effort to upload some to hard drive.
1	Lightweight, durable
1	lasting Lightweight, durable
1	call clarity, battery life, speaker phone, voice dial, internet
1	clarity, battery life, speaker phone, voice dial, internet
0	Slow, Ink runs out fast
0	Slow, Ink footrace out fast
1	Small size, external LCD, nice design, voice dialing, cool features
1	Small size, external LCD, nice dialing, voice design, cool features
0	Not easy to cradle on shoulder, BATTERY LIFE, can't read display once backlight goes out
0	Not easy on shoulder, BATTERY LIFE, can't read display once backlight goes 
0	Vibrate mode
0	mode Vibrate
0	Poor battery life and basic functions, large, not pocket sized.
0	Poor battery animation and basic functions, large, not scoop sized.
0	Cheap plastic (rear &amp; cf door), odd tripod mount
0	Cheap plastic (rear &amp; door), odd tripod mount
1	great sound quality, GPRS seems exteremely fast, tons of features, the keyboard ROCKS!
1	great sound quality, GPRS exteremely fast, tons of, the keyboard ROCKS!
0	limited zoom; Inaccessible memory card; serial transfer
0	determine zoom; Inaccessible memory card; serial transfer
0	battery meter, buttons, font
0	battery meter, buttons, baptistry
0	Storage time on the microdrive
0	storehouse time on the microdrive
0	No voice dial or memo, no call grouping, phonebook will not hold addresses
0	No voice dial or memo, no call grouping, not hold addresses
1	Nice color screen.  Extendable antenna.  Thought actual calls sounded better than LGs.
1	Nice color screen.  Extendable antenna.  Thought actual calls sounded aerial better than LGs.
0	Silly looking. No features. Auto compensation in low light screws up sunsets.
0	Silly looking. No features. Auto compensation in low astir light screws up sunsets.
1	Setup was a snap. Very fast and quiet printing. Great photos. Save on ink cartridges
1	Setup was a snap. Very fast and quiet selfsame printing. big Great photos. Save on ink cartridges
0	feels junky
0	junky feels
1	Superb photo-quality prints, fast, quiet, individual ink tanks, can use any paper
1	Superb photo-quality prints, fast, tanks, individual ink quiet, can use any paper
1	Small, Portable, rechargeable, stylish
1	Small, stylish, rechargeable, Portable
0	Stock Battery life is terrible
0	gillyflower Stock Battery life is terrible
0	Big, No USB compatibility with WIN95
0	with, No USB compatibility Big WIN95
1	20X zoom, loads of features, MPEG movie mode
1	way 20X zoom, loads of features, MPEG movie mode
0	No Auto-Focus, Weak Flash
0	No, Weak Flash
0	Haven't found one.
0	one found Haven't.
1	Easy to use, good quality, reasonably priced, 
1	Easy to utilization, good quality, reasonably priced, 
0	Cannot personalize ringtones or wallpaper. No camera, internet, or stylish design.
0	Cannot personalize wallpaper or ringtones. No camera, internet, or stylish design.
1	Polaroid reputation, price
1	Polaroid, price
0	&lt;i&gt;Polaroid&lt;/i&gt; no longer manufactures digital cameras.
0	&lt;&gt;Polaroid&lt;/i&gt; longer manufactures digital cameras.
0	Everyone wants to borrow it.
0	Everyone to wants borrow it.
0	2x zoom, expensive, a bit slow
0	2x zoom, expensive, a bit 
1	simple, straightforward and excelent pictures
1	exposure simple, straightforward and excelent pictures
0	none
0	none
0	Ink is expensive, envelopes seem to jam a lot      
0	Ink expensive, envelopes seem to jam a lot      
1	Sleek Phone, Color Screen
1	flowing Sleek Phone, Color Screen
0	a bit clunky to carry around
0	a sting clunky to carry around
0	flat headset plug that comes off easily, volume too low for me
0	flat headset plug that off easily, volume too for me
1	Well built and thought out.
1	Well build and thought out.
1	Good for business man
1	Good man business for
0	Shorter battery life, not many frills (if you care about those -I don't)
0	Shorter battery life, not many ruffle (if you upkeep about those -I don't)
1	Good Quality, Price, Features and Ease of Use
1	Good Quality, Features, Price and Ease of Use
0	Cheap antenna, buttons a little hard to push, not a TON of features
0	Cheap antenna, buttons a little hard to push, a not TON of features
1	Good Features &amp;amp; Price
1	Features Good &amp;amp; Price
1	Nice printing, even on index cards and envelopes, Good price!
1	Nice printing, even on cards and envelopes, Good!
1	great for people who want to fix their BAD pictures!!
1	great for fixture people who want to fix their BAD pictures!!
0	Lens adapter partially blocks view finder
0	adapter Lens partially blocks view finder
1	small size, price
1	sizing small size, price
0	small screen, bad reception, antana is unconvinient, breaks easily, low battery life
0	small screen, bad, antana is unconvinient, breaks easily, low battery 
1	good service
1	honest service
0	has some problems with excel spreadsheets
0	some problems with excel spreadsheets
0	batteries run low fast
0	batteries run low 
1	Excellent quality pictures
1	pictures quality Excellent
1	converts to carraige
1	change to carraige
0	one software problem with sound
0	one software problem with audio
0	battery life, signal reception is horrible, software freezes
0	battery life, signalize reception is horrible, software freezes
1	picture quality, size and appearance
1	size quality, picture and appearance
0	Paper wrinkles when doing double sided printing once in awhile
0	Paper publish wrinkles when doing double sided printing once in awhile
0	no floppy disks, live LCD display would be nice
0	no floppy disks, live LCD display be would nice
0	Lacks some more advanced features, small memory card included, menu control button awkward to use
0	Lacks some more supercharge features, small memory card included, menu assure button awkward to consumption
0	Time to turn on-off
0	Time to turn sentence on-off
1	compact, inexpensive ink, turns into a scanner
1	covenant, inexpensive ink, turns into a scanner
1	great printing quality, great ad features
1	great printing quality, ad features
1	Sharp compact tri-mode phone loaded with goodies.
1	Sharp goodies tri-mode phone loaded with compact.
1	An excellent camera all round with many features
1	An excellent camera characteristic all round with many features
1	cheap cheap cheap...and good quality prints!
1	cheap cheap quality...and good cheap prints!
0	Size
0	size
0	Battery life
0	life
0	User manual, menus not the most friendly
0	User manual, fare not the most friendly
0	For undemanding home users only
0	For undemanding home users 
1	Smallish; inexpensive; very well designed
1	; inexpensive; very well designed
1	Perfect size for a non-flip phone. Easy to navigate menu. Great speaker phone.
1	Perfect size for a non-flip phone. Easy to navigate menu. Great speaker card phone.
1	Good image quality, Loads of functions, Video out function useful, 
1	Good image utile quality, Loads of functions, Video out function useful, 
0	The machines are not built for long service.  Is it built in obsolescence?
0	built machines are not The for long service.  Is it built in obsolescence?
0	Needs viewing window for canopy. Basket impossible to reach when fully reclined.
0	Needs viewing window for canopy. impossible reach when fully reclined.
1	speed, print and copy quality
1	speed, print and quality
1	Good quality printing, inexpensive, small size, very affordable ink.
1	Good quality publish, inexpensive, small size, very affordable ink.
1	Relatively inexpensive compared to other 3MP digital cameras
1	Relatively inexpensive relatively compared to other 3MP digital cameras
1	Tilt/Flip LCD, 10X Optical Zoom Lens, Image Stabilization&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Tilt/Flip LCD, 10X Optical Zoom Lens, 10 Stabilization&amp;#13;&amp;#Image;
1	Camera, trendy-cool features, solid reception, small form factor
1	Camera, trendy-cool features, gene solid reception, small form factor
1	cheap, floppy disks
1	cheap, floppy 
0	faceplate falls off when dropped
0	faceplate descend off when dropped
0	No USB interface, small smart-card
0	No minuscule USB interface, small smart-card
1	Low price.  Solid product.
1	Low price.  Solid.
0	Canon software doesn't retain shooting info when converting RAW files
0	Canon software doesn't retain shooting info converting when RAW files
1	Great pics, easy to use.
1	Great pics, easy to majuscule use.
0	Price is high for most consumers, size
0	Price is sizing high for most consumers, size
1	SMALL SIZE, good battery life, ease of use.
1	SMALL SIZE, good battery life, ease of role use.
1	Great pictures and features for the price
1	Great pictures and keen features for the price
0	Too many problems to recommend using
0	Too many to recommend using
1	Sleek, solid build, beaucoups functionality.
1	Sleek, solid, beaucoups functionality.
0	Nasty overall lag - No Focus Assist - Lousy Flash Card support
0	Nasty overall lag - No Focus Assist - Card support
0	Small keys,average battery life
0	Small battery,average keys life
0	Only 20 MB onboard memory, can freeze and stutter, toggle navigation is tiny.
0	Only 20 MB onboard memory, can freeze and stutter, navigation tiny.
1	Swivel design; picture quality; versatility
1	Swivel design; picture versatility; quality
1	Size, Performance, Quality of print
1	Size, Performance, Quality print
1	great printer, quality
1	printer great, quality
0	Awkward manual exposure setting - You'd better be prepared to buy an AC Adapter
0	Awkward manual exposure - You'd better be prepared buy an AC Adapter
0	not highest resolution - Nikon 990, Olympus 3030 better  picture quality yet larger
0	not mellow resolution - Nikon 990, Olympus 3030 better  picture prize yet larger
0	picture quality
0	quality picture
1	fast, quality, price
1	fast, price, quality
1	Unique features, holds multiple children if necessary
1	harbour Unique features, holds multiple children if necessary
1	Very Low Price, yet has needed features
1	terms Very Low Price, yet has needed features
1	thin, goodlooking
1	, goodlooking
1	Full keyboard, exstensive battery life, tons of features
1	spirit Full keyboard, exstensive battery life, tons of features
0	speakerphone and outside buttons are difficult.
0	difficult and outside buttons are speakerphone.
0	A little too bulky, battery hog, poor PC connection.
0	A little too bulky, battery hog, poor connection.
0	Short battery life when used often, conversation delays, connection drops, RF interference with other electronics.
0	Short battery life when used often, delays, connection drops, RF interference electronics.
0	Battery doesn't last that long
0	doesn't last that long
1	ease-of-use, stores images on floppies
1	ease-of-use, stores effigy on floppies
0	In the era of colorscreen phones and downloadable ringtones, this phone isn't feature rich.
0	In the era of colorscreen phones and downloadable ringtones, this phone call isn't feature rich.
0	Stock battery too weak. Reception reduced compared to other phones. Speakerphone audio quality somewhat lacking.
0	Stock battery too unaccented. Reception decoct compared to other phones. Speakerphone audio select somewhat lacking.
1	Quality of picture
1	of Quality picture
0	MP3 feature silly, Battery Life, Storage.
0	MP3 silly feature, Battery Life, Storage.
1	Superb sound quality, durability, and options
1	Superb sound and, durability, quality options
1	sharp details, instant satisfaction
1	details, instant satisfaction
1	Looks, Desirability, Screen
1	spirit, Desirability, Screen
1	Wide format, Easy to use, Professional image quality, Excellent price to performance ratio, Stylish
1	Wide format, Easy to use, Professional image timbre, splendid price to performance ratio, Stylish
1	Quiet, great photo printing
1	Quiet, smashing photo printing
1	Small Size, Lightweight, Good voice quality, Nice menus, Better than TP 1100
1	Small Size, sizing Lightweight, Good voice quality, Nice menus, Better than TP 1100
1	small, versatile, easy to use
1	small, versatile, easy to utilization
1	So many features, huge colorful screen
1	So many features, huge screen colorful
0	not too fast
0	not fast
1	Rugged, waterproof, droppable, easy to use
1	Rugged, waterproof, droppable, to easy use
1	speed, ease of transport to PC, quality of pictures, worth the difference
1	speed, ease of transport photograph to PC, quality of pictures, worth the difference
0	Software glitches, photos grainy.
0	Software, photos grainy.
1	Sleek, lightweight, great big screen.
1	Sleek, lightweight, great whippersnapper big screen.
1	Easy to use,  Great looking photos
1	Easy to use,  looking photos
0	no internal antenna, poor signal at times
0	no internal antenna, poor sign at times
1	b&amp;w 600x600 dpi, text quality is good, image quality ok, light
1	b&amp;w 600x600 dpi, text quality is good, paradigm tone ok, light
1	Excellent print quality for under $200
1	Excellent print quality nether for under $200
0	Annoying long and noisy preparation to any project, wastes ink
0	Annoying ink and noisy preparation to any project, wastes long
1	Great Antenna, Perfect Size, Nokia Menu
1	keen Antenna, Perfect Size, Nokia Menu
0	none!
0	none!
1	Floppy disk storage, Versatile, Reliable
1	Floppy disk reposition, Versatile, Reliable
1	Inexpensive, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, to use
0	Noisy! Fragile inards. Broke after 4 months light use. HP replaced for free. Still happy!
0	Noisy! Fragile inards. Broke after 4 month months light use. HP replaced for free. month Still happy!
1	great picture
1	great big picture
0	Read the review to see how many flaws this phone has
0	learn the review to attend how many flaws this phone has
0	Service leaves much to be desired.
0	Service leaves Be much to be desired.
0	Low quality, cost of ink, single cartridge system.
0	Low quality, cost I of ink, single cartridge system.
0	expensive, poor customer service, not the best for twins
0	expensive, poor customer service, not the best client for twins
1	Fast printing, easy set-up, cheap ink.
1	Fast printing, easy truehearted set-up, cheap ink.
0	None so far!
0	so None far!
1	Excellent battery life; very good coverage; built-in MP3 player
1	Excellent battery; very good coverage; built-in MP3 player
1	Clear print -- but only for a few short jobs. That's it.
1	Clear print -- but only for a only few short jobs. That's it.
1	Great for home/medium volume use.  Good print quality.  Stunning photos.
1	Great caliber for home/medium volume use.  Good print quality.  Stunning photos.
1	Low cost, good specs for the money.
1	Low cost, good specs be for the money.
0	Haven't found any yet!
0	whatever Haven't found any yet!
1	Good reception, bluetooth.
1	receipt Good reception, bluetooth.
0	Pricey, comes only with 8MB flash, no case or AC adapter
0	Pricey, hail only with 8MB photoflash, no case or AC adapter
1	Print and build Quality, speed, ink usage, quite, hi-capacity ink, double sided printing.
1	Print and build Quality, speed, ink usage, quite, hi-capacity twofold ink, double sided printing.
1	good design, easy to use
1	manipulation good design, easy to use
1	Quality, speed, price.
1	Quality, hurry, price.
1	Great camera for the price.
1	Great terms camera for the price.
1	Great outdoor photos, lens pulls in tons of light, good functionality
1	Great functionality photos, lens pulls in tons of light, good outdoor
1	Size, weight, clarity, reception, low SAR
1	Size, weight, SAR, reception, low clarity
1	VAD Feature is COOL
1	VAD Feature is sang-froid
1	Value, Quality, Design
1	Value, Quality, 
0	Slow,    not as clear as the other deskjets.
0	Slow,    not as as the other deskjets.
0	Back cover flimsy
0	Back cover treat flimsy
1	Interchangable front and back covers. Long Battery life, Games.
1	Interchangable front and back covers. Long life, Games.
0	No battery lives forever. Memory stick capable, but this is ordered separately, the camera itself is a little bulky
0	No battery lives forever. Memory stick capable, but this is ordered remembering separately, the camera itself is comprise a little bulky
1	Good clean print. Quality copies. No jams.
1	unspoilt clean print. Quality copies. No jams.
0	no USB port (only serial) for downloads
0	no USB port (sequent only serial) for downloads
0	noise, connection, noise, noise
0	noise, connectedness, noise, noise
0	folding could be a problem for some.
0	folding problem be a could for some.
1	durability and reliability
1	durability and 
1	inexpensive
1	inexpensive
1	excellent resolution, easy to use, compact retro design
1	fantabulous resolution, easy to use, compact retro design
0	Antenna still not sturdy, pricey, expensive FM headset (optional)
0	Antenna still not sturdy, pricey, expensive FM headset ()
1	Many features, excellent quality, great Macro.. SLR!
1	Many features, excellent quality, great tone Macro.. SLR!
0	Bad speaker, turns off whenever it wants to, resets itself.
0	Bad speaker, turns resets whenever it wants to, off itself.
1	great quality, nice printing abilities
1	large quality, nice printing abilities
0	no alert on empty cartridge
0	nobelium no alert on empty cartridge
1	Cheap, Reliable Brand, does the simple jobs
1	Cheap, Reliable Brand, does Job the simple jobs
1	easy to use
1	use to easy
0	its a piece
0	its piece a
1	Small and portable, soft amber light is amazing.  Good battery life.
1	Small and portable, soft amber battery is amazing.  Good light life.
1	ease of use, quality, price
1	ease of use, quality, toll price
0	Antenna, small buttons
0	Antenna, release small buttons
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
0	voice dialing (Finicky/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to sent embarassing moments, no very to VM.
0	Still only 12 spaces for names, 8500 in a new 3500 body!
0	inactive only 12 spaces for names, 8500 in a new 3500 torso!
1	Megapixel camera. Video. MP3 player. Transflash card slot. Bluetooth. GPRS. Excellent screen.
1	Megapixel camera. Video. MP3 player. Transflash slot.. GPRS. Excellent screen.
1	Tiny, feature-rich, colorful and large screen for its overall size
1	Tiny, feature-rich, colorful and large bantam screen for its overall size
1	Lightweight,nice background,loud
1	Lightweight,nice background,jackanapes loud
1	Bluetooth, reception, expandability, decent camera
1	Bluetooth, reception, expandability, decorous decent camera
0	low storage on disk
0	low memory on disk
1	Could be used as a weapon in the battle of good vs evil
1	Could be used as a weapon in the battle of good evil vs
0	None.
0	None.
0	Cartridges are quite expensive and not refillable at this time.
0	Cartridges quite and not refillable at this time.
0	Default f-stop setting
0	Default f-stop mark
0	Buggy operation. Never had a phone with a serious defect like this one.
0	dangerous Buggy operation. Never had a phone with a serious defect like this one.
1	Easy to Use, Great LCD display, Nice photos
1	Easy to consumption, Great LCD display, Nice photos
0	Occasionally will not feed envelopes, smudges.
0	Occasionally will not feed envelopes, smirch.
0	Few ring tones, flimsy flip, battery life could be better
0	Few hoop tones, flimsy flip, battery life could be improve
0	4 Mb memory stick
0	quadruplet 4 Mb memory stick
1	Amazing quality, does photos very well!
1	Amazing quality, very photos does well!
0	Short battery life, extra cost for many features
0	Short for life, extra cost battery many features
0	Bad reception ,bad clarity
0	Bad reception ,spoilt clarity
1	zoom, battery life, ease, quality, MPEGS
1	zoom, battery liveliness, ease, quality, MPEGS
1	Size
1	sizing Size
1	Image quality, panoramic, rechargeables included, remote control, swivel LCD.
1	Image quality, panoramic, rechargeables included, remote control, LCD.
1	size, features, quality
1	features, size, quality
0	Hard to push and maneuver
0	Hard to push and 
0	none that I have
0	none I have
1	its aight
1	IT its aight
1	Versatility, economical, easy to use, quality results
1	Versatility, economical, event easy to use, quality results
1	Cost &amp;amp; Quality
1	Cost &amp;amp; Quality
1	Cheap, cute, sturdy, reliable
1	Cheap, cute, sturdy, 
0	None
0	none
0	When connected to a network, you loose scanning ability.  Not recommended for high volume use.
0	When connected to release a network, rake you loose scanning ability.  Not recommended for high volume use.
0	Really bad software, bad support, small storage, bad in low light, few features.
0	Really software, bad, small storage, bad in low light, few features.
1	good quality pictures, compact design, digital capabilities, easy photo transfer
1	good quality pictures, compact design, digital capabilities, easy transferee photo transfer
1	Fast and very good quality
1	Fast and very just quality
0	Gulps ink.
0	ink Gulps.
1	nice color screen,great ring tones,easy use pc sync mode,very light and durable
1	nice color screen,great ring tonus,easy use pc sync style,very light and long-wearing
1	Touch Pad Navigation, Larger Screen, Good Camera, Fun Music Player, Advanced Bluetooth, Fun Phone.
1	Touch Pad Navigation, participant Larger Screen, Good Camera, Fun Music Player, Advanced Bluetooth, Fun Phone.
0	Quick battery drain, long wait between flash shots, poor low-light capture
0	Quick battery drain, long wait between flash low-light, poor shots capture
0	picture quality not 35mm, blurred photos
0	visualise quality not 35mm, blurred photos
1	Compact, great pictures, value
1	Compact, great characterization, value
0	After the novelty wears off-throw it away!
0	After the novelty off-throw it away!
0	A little large.
0	little large.
0	Side camera button....battery life over estimated
0	Side camera button....battery life estimated
0	Single band, a lot of returns
0	Single band, a of returns
0	Flimsy.  Below average quality.
0	Flimsy.  Below average caliber.
0	Jams... Problems...
0	jam... Problems...
0	heavy, a bit bulky
0	heavy, bit bulky
1	Excellent picture quality, ease of use, super software support
1	Excellent picture quality, ease of use, super software keep
0	Too many to list
0	overly many to list
1	Super compact, lightweight, fun party camera
1	Super compact, party, fun lightweight camera
1	Cool phone. Has LOTS and LOTS of features. Excellent user interface, battery life.
1	phone. Has and LOTS of features. Excellent user interface, battery life.
0	screen goes blank and no support from manufacture
0	screen goes blank and no hold from manufacture
1	Affordable, Easy-to-use, Great Quality
1	Affordable, timber Easy-to-use, Great Quality
1	On-Board Photocopy feature easy to use;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Prints well&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quick and easy to set-up
1	On-Board loose Photocopy feature easy to use;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Prints well&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quick and impress easy to set-up
0	poor software, serial connection, storage space
0	poor software, serial association, storage space
0	Substandard reception and software glitches.
0	Substandard reception software glitches.
1	Image quality, design, ease of use, good auto and manual mode photos, build quality excellent.
1	simulacrum quality, design, ease of use, proficient auto and manual mode photos, build character excellent.
0	Seems easily broken if it gets banged.  Battery life so-so if using lcd.
0	Seems easily impoverished if it arrive banged.  Battery life so-so if using lcd.
1	Inexpensive.
1	Inexpensive.
1	picture quality (if you read my review)
1	picture quality (if you my read review)
1	Small, many many features
1	Small, many features
1	EVERYTHING ELSE
1	EVERYTHING ELSE
1	Replaced 3 machines. Good print quality. Great Scanner. ADF included
1	Replaced 3 machines. Good print quality. included Scanner. ADF Great
0	Cluttered interface, Bigger than the Canon S110
0	Cluttered interface, boastful than the Canon S110
1	size, styling, 2 color LCD screens, camera controls, voice sound quality +++
1	size, styling, 2 color LCD sieve, camera controls, voice levelheaded quality +++
0	Lagging menus, niggling software flaw, no bluetooth
0	Lagging, niggling software flaw, no bluetooth
1	great, reliable three-in-one machine, compact design
1	great, reliable design machine, compact three-in-one
0	bad indoor pics.
0	indoor pics.
1	Great looking pictures. 
1	Great nifty looking pictures. 
1	It prints nice and clear copies 
1	It prints publish nice and clear copies 
0	No USB
0	No no USB
0	the plastic screen is easy to be broken
0	the plastic screen is broken to be easy
0	Not very fast, Seals Envelopes
0	Not very fast, SEAL Envelopes
0	no cons
0	No no cons
1	Pictures, video, sound, text and email messaging with these attachments, internet browsing.  Unbelieveable!!!
1	Pictures, video,, text and email messaging with attachments, internet browsing.  Unbelieveable!!!
1	Easy to use, excellent features, price dropping.
1	Easy to use, cost excellent features, price dropping.
1	Image quality, ease of use, durability, USB connection 
1	Image lastingness quality, ease of use, durability, USB connection 
1	Good, reasonable, compact, no problems with Windows 2000 Professional
1	Good, reasonable, compact, problems with Windows 2000 Professional
1	Good RF performance.
1	operation Good RF performance.
1	Speedy, quiet, versatile
1	Speedy, unruffled, versatile
0	1 way speaker(9100 only), awkward size, faceplates hard to change
0	way speaker(9100 only), awkward size, faceplates hard change
1	Great printer, good functions, easy to use, very fast
1	Great printer, good functions, easy to very, use fast
1	Convenience of floppy disk storage, no film, great rechargeable battery.
1	Convenience of diskette disk reposition, no film, great rechargeable battery.
1	Definetly worthwhile for the price
1	Definetly worthwhile for the price
0	The $400.00 cost will turn a lot of people off to this phone.
0	The $400.00 cost will turn a A lot of people off to this phone.
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
0	ring EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
1	Lightweight, small footprint, extended features
1	features, small footprint, extended Lightweight
0	a bit bulky, a little slow on the focus
0	a bit focus, a little slow on the bulky
1	Great construction; Great performance; Good features; Just about ergonomically perfect
1	Great construction; performance Great; Good features; Just about ergonomically perfect
0	Paper feed problem toward end of warranty period.
0	Paper feed wallpaper problem toward end of warranty period.
0	Only takes 100 sheets of paper, ocassional paper jam, but nothing frequent or that bad.
0	Only deal 100 rag of paper, ocassional paper obstruct, but nothing frequent or that bad.
0	No Fax
0	Fax No
0	when it works
0	when works it
0	No instruction booklet for software-Photomax.  Better to use as a plug in to electricity as uses up batteries very quickly.
0	No batteries booklet for software-Photomax.  Better to use as a plug quickly to electricity as uses up instruction very in.
0	If your used to Nokia then this is very different.
0	If your unlike used to Nokia then this is very different.
1	very cheap, light, small
1	cheap very, light, small
0	Software,power,zoom
0	Software,zoom,power
0	not easy to create depth of field effects with E10.  Limited zoom.  slow menus.
0	not easy to create depth of field effects with E10.  zoom Limited.  slow menus.
0	a flip phone that has no protection for the main screen.
0	a flip phone that the no protection for has main screen.
0	Speakerphone capability stinks
0	Speakerphone capacity stinks
0	16 MB Memory Stick is not enough., , Photo software package sucks., , No carrying case!
0	16 MB Memory Stick is not enough., , Photo software package sucks., , No carrying packet case!
1	Good speakerphone, good reception in most areas.
1	Good speakerphone, good reception in most domain.
1	price and print quality
1	quality and print price
0	Very poor reception,signal strength,and poor battery life. Runs hot after 10-15 mins.
0	Very poor reception,signal strength,and poor battery life. Runs 10-15 mins.
0	price and ink prices
0	price and prices ink
0	Moderately noisy.
0	noisy Moderately.
1	Excellent print quality
1	Excellent print timber quality
0	Speaker phone woes, battery drains like mad when on analog mode
0	Speaker phone woes, battery drains mode mad when on analog like
0	inability to upgrade the OS, monochrome screen, no sd, cf or bluetooth
0	inability to raise the bone, monochrome screen, no sd, cf or bluetooth
1	Sturdy after being dropped.
1	Sturdy after dropped.
1	low ink usage in draft mode...does not eat up ink cleaning itself
1	low usage in draft mode...does not up ink cleaning itself
0	Shorter seat &amp;amp; canopy than regular umbrella strollers
0	Shorter seat &amp;amp; canopy than brusk regular umbrella strollers
0	none
0	none
0	Doesn't come with case/floppies
0	Doesn't come with/floppies
1	image quality is good
1	is quality image good
0	battery life, ugly looks, bulky
0	battery life, ugly face, bulky
0	Too many menus, Button to view last shot taken
0	Too many menus, Button to last shot taken
1	Easy to install. Easy to use&amp;gt;
1	Easy loose to install. Easy to use&amp;gt;
0	Cheap looking paper trays
0	Cheap trays paper looking
0	Cost of paper, poor documentation
0	Cost paper of, poor documentation
0	Terrible NT/Windows 2000 drivers
0	dread NT/Windows 2000 drivers
1	speed and clarity, low cost
1	speed and limpidity, low cost
0	No expansion card slot, headphone jack, display timeout/screensaver settings don't work, so-so battery life
0	No tar expansion card slot, bring headphone jack, display timeout/screensaver settings don't work, so-so battery life
1	Affordability, easy to install and use, no problems so far
1	Affordability, easy to install far use, no problems so and
1	Extremely durable (Washing machine safe apparently)
1	machine durable (Washing Extremely safe apparently)
0	Not for casual users, Pictures need post-processing, price, Nikon Capture 3 costs extra.
0	Not for casual users, Pictures need post-processing, enamour price, Nikon Capture 3 costs extra.
1	Inexpensive to buy and use, good quality printing for home.
1	Inexpensive to buy and use, thoroughly lineament printing for home.
1	Battery life, internet and e-mail capabilities, and popularity
1	Battery life, internet and e-mail capabilities, and netmail popularity
0	zoom doesn't work very good, hard to find accessories, slightly bulky
0	zoom doesn't work very good, make hard to find accessories, slightly bulky
0	Still a bit bulky and reception goes in and out and no expandability.
0	Still a bit and and reception goes in bulky out and no expandability.
1	Uses quality CD-R storage discs which you can pop out and view on your PC.
1	manipulation quality CD-R storage discs which you can pa out and sight on your PC.
1	formidable photo quality, durable, versatile
1	formidable photo durable, quality, versatile
0	weak flash, poor for people with big hands
0	weak with, poor for people flash big hands
0	A little pricey
0	A pricey little
1	Light, small, battery, fast, IR, WinCE drivers...
1	Light, pocket-size, battery, fast, IR, WinCE drivers...
0	Complicated for Beginners..
0	complicate for Beginners..
0	weak vibration option
0	weak selection vibration option
1	Good Speed, Great Quality
1	Speed Good, Great Quality
0	PAPER LOADING, Compatibility
0	Compatibility LOADING, PAPER
0	Limited number of ring styles and the ring volume is not adjustable
0	Limited number of ring styles and the ring volume is specify not adjustable
1	Great quality no-nonsense phone.
1	Great calibre no-nonsense phone.
0	Larger form factor, no through the lens view finder
0	Larger form factor, through the lens view finder
0	no memory, camera shake
0	no memory, camera stimulate
0	Small display, somewhat dated, interface just OK
0	lowly display, somewhat dated, interface just OK
0	battery
0	barrage battery
0	Slow recycle time between shots. No optical zoom.
0	Slow time recycle between shots. No optical zoom.
0	Shutter lag, especially with flash. View finder.
0	Shutter lag, especially flash. View finder.
1	Compact, easy to open and close, great for on the go parents
1	Compact, great to open and close, easy for on the go parents
1	Inexpensive, great quality prints, , three separate color low price ink cartridges
1	Inexpensive, great quality prints, , damage three separate color low price ink cartridges
0	Keypad looks nice, but keys are too close, easy to miskey, Fragile.
0	Keypad looks nice, but embody keys are too close, easy to miskey, Fragile.
1	Easy of use and quality
1	soft of use and quality
1	Multi-Purpose, Ease of use, Great Photo &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
1	Multi-Purpose, Ease of use, Great &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when 
0	NONE!
0	none!
1	Durable, All the right features
1	Durable, All the right boast features
1	compact
1	compact
1	User Friendly
1	User user Friendly
1	superb image quality, easy to use, sets new low-price standards
1	soft superb image quality, easy to use, sets new low-price standards
1	macro ability can't be beat, and the nikon lens is amazing.
1	macro ability can't lens beat, and the nikon be is amazing.
0	Inaudible ringer, poor battery
0	Inaudible ringer, battery
1	Low, low price, easy setup
1	Low, low price, gentle easy setup
1	cost, picture quality
1	cost, quality picture
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and exceedingly vocalization recognition software
0	battery life is short
0	battery life is follow short
1	Sleek
1	silklike
1	Very sharp, clear image. Fast shots on moving objects. Un-limited video clips. Sharp night shots.
1	Very sharp, clear image. Fast shots on moving objects. Un-limited fancy video clips. Sharp prototype night shots.
0	Easy To use , and Elegant black
0	Easy To Elegant , and use black
1	Excellent resolution and prints
1	Excellent closure and prints
0	feel of buttons, battery life, ability to hear other party.
0	feel of clit, battery sprightliness, ability to hear other party.
0	Battery life is horrendous; no option for vibrate and ring together.
0	Battery ringing life is horrendous; no option for vibrate and ring together.
0	Larger than most digital cameras
0	Larger than most cameras
1	photos transfer from camera to software quickly, easy to get started with
1	photos quick transfer from camera to software quickly, easy to get started with
0	Can freeze up once in a while
0	Can freeze while once in a up
1	Ease of use - speaker phone clarity and a very helpful Sprint customer service.
1	Ease of use - speaker phone clarity and allay a very helpful Sprint customer service.
0	Placement of numeric keys
0	Placement of arrangement numeric keys
1	Highly recommended
1	recommended Highly
1	GSM coverage in US, Europe and Africa, long talk time, text messaging
1	GSM coverage in US, Europe and Africa, long talk messaging, text time
1	The diskette , convenient, and many features.
1	The diskette , convenient, many features.
1	High quality pictures, good battery life, great options
1	High quality pictures, good battery life, great barrage options
1	Light, Feature Packed, Customizable, Easily fits in pocket
1	Light, Feature Packed, Customizable, Easily in pocket
0	you get what you pay for
0	you get beget what you pay for
0	Ink cartridges are expensive
0	Ink pickup are expensive
0	bad connection
0	connection bad
1	Perfect Size, Right Amount of Features
1	Right Size, Perfect Amount of Features
0	Phone is expensive without purchase of a phone plan
0	Phone is expensive without purchase of phone plan
0	Won't work well with Avantgo, lower-res Palm screen (160x160)
0	Won't work well with Avantgo, lower-res Palm (160x160)
1	Loaded With Features, Great Price, Intuitive, Good Quality
1	Loaded With Features, Great Price, Intuitive, Good 
0	Settings are a bit confusing at first; must buy some accessories.
0	must are a bit confusing at first; Settings buy some accessories.
1	Professional quality, more features than you could ever wish for, excellent quality of photos
1	Professional caliber, more features than you could ever regard for, excellent quality of photos
0	Zoom/Wide-angle, delayed shutter, battery life
0	Wide-angle/Zoom, delayed shutter, battery life
1	Easy To Use 
1	Easy slow To Use 
0	Navigational buttons
0	buttons Navigational
0	Low print speed
0	Low dispirited print speed
0	Prints somewhat slowly, USB cable not included.
0	Prints somewhat slowly, USB cable not.
0	slow bootup, plastic battery case, mediocre camera, no street addresses
0	slow bootup, plastic battery case, mediocre camera, addresses
0	6x Zoom Feature could be higher for the price.
0	6x Zoom Feature could be higher the price.
1	Fast, easy to use when working, USB connection, cheap initial investment, easy cartridge, excellent color.
1	Fast, easy to use working, USB connection, initial investment, easy cartridge, excellent.
1	Low Price, Standard Printing, Photo Compatable, great value! Must buy.
1	humiliated Price, Standard Printing, Photo Compatable, great valuate! Must buy.
0	Resolution only 2.1mp, Expensive for 2.1mp camera, only 8mb card
0	notice Resolution only 2.1mp, Expensive for 2.1mp camera, only 8mb card
1	You will think you are producing photos
1	You will think you are get photos
0	SERVICE, SERVICE, SERVICE!  
0	SERVICE,, SERVICE!  
1	Compact, cheap, color, miraculously the software isn't buggy
1	Compact, chintzy, color, miraculously the software isn't buggy
1	there are no pros, except that well its a well built phone survived every drop!!!
1	there are no pros, except that well its a well built headphone live every dangle!!!
0	Gobbles up batteries like nothing you ever saw, but what digital doesn't? 
0	Gobbles up batteries like nada you ever witness, but what digital doesn't? 
1	Superb Quality, Laser-Like Speed, Double Sided Printing
1	Superb Quality, Laser-Like Speed, Double Sided 
0	overheats, drops calls
0	overheats, drops claim
1	Lightweight, Music-wired, Compatible with infant carriers, Fully reclining, stylish, ON SALE:babyage.com 
1	Music-wired, Lightweight, Compatible with infant carriers, Fully reclining, stylish, ON SALE:babyage.com 
0	ringer is irritating; buttons push easily
0	personify ringer is irritating; buttons push easily
0	Loud, Shakes my entire desk
0	Loud, Shakes my entire 
1	Solid build, excellent ergonomics, high pixel count, solid state CFII support, many available accessories, live image preview
1	unanimous build, excellent ergonomics, high pixel count, substantial state CFII support, many available accessories, survive image preview
0	TONS of features...can be a bit daunting at times
0	TONS astatine of features...can be a bit daunting at times
0	None
0	none None
1	Best small phone since the Nokia 262!
1	Best small phone 262 the Nokia since!
0	battery life
0	battery aliveness
1	Unbeatable price, high quality output
1	Unbeatable price, quality output
0	VERY bad battery life
0	shelling VERY bad battery life
0	NONE
0	none NONE
0	bad software .lousy speakerphone.no seperate controls for vibrate or ring volume (without adjusting the same time the listening volume
0	regretful software .lousy speakerphone.no seperate mastery for vibrate or telephone volume (without adjusting the same metre the listening volume
1	Extremely sturdy and will last forever
1	Extremely sturdy and will survive forever
1	Inexpensive; easy setup; decent overall performance.  Optional 6-color printing!
1	Inexpensive; easy setup; decent functioning overall performance.  Optional 6-color printing!
1	small, stylish, dualband GSM for world-wide use
1	modest small, stylish, dualband GSM for world-wide use
1	Sharpness and advanced capabilities
1	Sharpness advanced capabilities
0	- no calculator, no calendar, battery life is terrible
0	- estimator no calculator, no calendar, battery life is terrible
1	Fast, color matching is perfect, user-friendly 
1	dissolute Fast, color matching is perfect, user-friendly 
0	I really have nothing bad to say about this camera. It outperforms most.
0	I really have nothing bad to say about this camera. It accept outperforms most.
1	Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
1	Better digital sound reception; decent signal.
0	Honestly, none at all.
0	Honestly, none at.
0	None
0	None
1	Very lightweight and folds and unfolds easily - even with one hand!
1	Very with and folds and unfolds easily - even lightweight one hand!
0	No Optical Zoom, Cradle required to sync.
0	No Optical Zoom, Cradle required to.
1	Full featured, has everything and some.
1	good featured, has everything and some.
1	Brilliant Screen, Global connectivity, 3G (outside of US), Reception & Sound Clarity, Bluetooth 2.0, Camera
1	Brilliant covert, Global connectivity, 3G (out-of-door of US), Reception & Sound Clarity, Bluetooth 2.cypher, Camera
1	Great features, tiny phone, long lasting battery.
1	Great features, tiny, long lasting battery.
1	Nice display, good battery life, reception anywhere, cool voice dial,
1	Nice display, good cool life, reception anywhere, battery voice dial,
0	wish there was more memory.
0	wishing there was more memory.
1	Rechargeable battery, easy to use
1	Rechargeable to, easy battery use
0	none!
0	none!
0	Flimsy antenna, somewhat difficult navigation on web and address book
0	entanglement Flimsy antenna, somewhat difficult navigation on web and address book
1	Automatic poweron/poweroff, that's about it
1	Automatic poweron/poweroff, that's about IT it
0	Video clips are 6 seconds on highest setting, red eye not always effective
0	Video clips are 6 seconds not highest setting, red eye on always effective
1	Small, lightweight, Color Display, cool-looking.
1	lightweight, Small, Color Display, cool-looking.
1	Great having a phone and Plam in one; great battery life!
1	life having a phone and Plam in one; great battery Great!
0	Not touch screen, wierd keypad layout.
0	Not touch screen, wierd keypad.
1	Incredible ISO rating, easy, cheap, lcd panel
1	easy ISO rating, Incredible, cheap, lcd panel
1	Outstanding features, design, and performance. Excellent PDA. Sturdy construction. Complete detailed user guide.
1	Outstanding characteristic, design, and performance. fantabulous PDA. Sturdy construction. Complete detailed user guide.
0	Incompatible w/ XP laptops, ink problems, poor paper feed, poor support
0	Incompatible w/ XP laptops, ink problems, poor W paper feed, poor support
1	Easy to use, Great quality image Picture, Good price. Worth your Money!
1	Easy to use, Great prize image Picture, undecomposed price. Worth your Money!
1	It is so lightweight and easy to use.
1	It is so lightweight IT and easy to use.
1	4.1 Megapixels, excellent image quality, great price, incredible battery life, and full manual control options
1	4.1 Megapixels, image quality, great price, incredible life, and full control options
1	Great overall phone - easy to use and many accessories available
1	Great available phone - easy to use and many accessories overall
1	Ease of Operation,  memory stick film media, versatility, image quality, extremely portable
1	Ease of,  memory stick film media, versatility, image quality, portable
0	Sound quality is awful
0	quality Sound is awful
0	Larger than expected
0	expectant than expected
0	heavy
0	punishing
0	Product is not available on line
0	Product is not available on stock
0	None.
0	none.
1	small phone, inexpensive
1	small inexpensive, phone
1	excellent photos, long battery life, video capture, compact size
1	life photos, long battery excellent, video capture, compact size
0	It jams after a year
0	It a after jams year
1	Excellent color quality and photo detail.
1	Excellent color excellent quality and photo detail.
0	Menus do not cover all features
0	Menus do not concealment all features
1	Light, stylish, easy to use
1	easy, stylish, Light to use
1	Good size, durable, many accessories, long talktime
1	Good size, durable, many appurtenance, long talktime
0	Hard to get accessories for, could be smaller
0	get to Hard accessories for, could be smaller
1	quality, ease of use
1	quality, ease of employment
0	Horrendous legal sized copying
0	Horrendous legal copying
1	Outside display, small, voice dialing, nice blue backlight, good menu
1	Outside display, small, dial voice dialing, nice blue backlight, good menu
0	Expensive cartridges, low quality, slow.
0	Expensive low, cartridges quality, slow.
1	Useful cardboard box
1	Useful box cardboard
1	voice dialing.
1	dialing voice.
0	Ink cartridges expensive
0	Ink cartridges cartridge expensive
1	6  megapixels,great battery life,light weight
1	6  megapixels,great battery life,lightness weight
0	Difficult to change volume on the spot.
0	Difficult to change volume on the blot.
1	Excellent construction, loaded with features and great picture quality!
1	Excellent construction, loaded and features with great picture quality!
0	A bit expensive
0	A expensive bit
1	Color, long battery life, seems compact enough for me
1	Color, battery life, seems compact enough for me
0	A little slow for high-volume printing.
0	for little slow A high-volume printing.
0	sometimes the network port needs to be reset (not an issue for most home users)
0	sometimes the network port needs to be reset ( issue for most users)
0	Slow when it comes to printing bulk.
0	ho-hum when it comes to printing bulk.
0	You have to have a good printer to get good pictures
0	You have to a good to get good pictures
1	Solid,  easy to use in basic mode
1	Solid,  to use in basic mode
0	None
0	none
0	See Below.
0	control Below.
0	No Web Access, limited selection on ringtones and graphics
0	No Web Access, limited ringtones on selection and graphics
1	Great price for the features you get and very nice quality photos, had USB compatibility
1	bang-up price for the characteristic you stick and very nice quality photos, had USB compatibility
0	paper jams and misfeeds
0	paper block and misfeeds
1	Ease of use, clear &amp;amp; crisp pictures, LCD
1	clear of use, Ease &amp;amp; crisp pictures, LCD
1	Great earpiece volume
1	Great earpiece 
0	Bad alarm, ring/vibrate feature unpredictable, earpiece volume could be louder
0	Bad alarm, ring/vibrate earpiece unpredictable, feature volume could be louder
0	mediocre color printing
0	color printing
1	Feature Set, Macro, Zoom, AA batteries
1	Feature Set, Macro, battery Zoom, AA batteries
0	Long charging time.
0	Long send charging time.
1	size, weight, reception, functions, tetris & solitaire
1	size, weight,, functions, tetris & solitaire
0	Price and weight
0	Price and angle weight
0	Epson does not support: has lines in output
0	Epson does not support: lines in output
0	Bulkier than a StarTac, smallish screen.
0	Bulkier than a StarTac, smallish cover.
0	Drinks battery juice, poor selection of OS interface.
0	Drinks battery succus juice, poor selection of OS interface.
0	Loud, off brand cartridges have clogging problem, reset after running out of paper
0	Loud, off brand cartridges have clogging running, reset after problem out of paper
1	Great Megapixel/price ratio, Easy to use, lots of features, durable, Great all around
1	Great Megapixel/price ratio, use to Easy, lots of features, durable, Great all around
1	Very easy to use, not too bulky.
1	easy to use, not too bulky.
1	A fast digital copier and laser printer
1	A and digital copier fast laser printer
1	Convenience, ease of use, zoom lens
1	Convenience, ease of use, zoom Lens
0	Fragile and expensive to replace parts
0	Fragile replace expensive to and parts
0	Battery life, reception, durability, no web browser
0	Battery life, reception, durability, no vane browser
0	none so far
0	none so therefore far
1	Great picture quality, nice look and features
1	nice picture quality, Great look and features
1	Long battery, sturdy, loud speakerphone, good quality, plays well with other devices
1	battery, sturdy, loud speakerphone, good quality, plays well with other 
0	battery consumption
0	shelling consumption
0	3.3m effective pixels, high price, missing some useful features
0	3.3m effective pixels, richly price, absent some useful features
0	A big phone
0	A call big phone
0	Square design, 4MB memory not enough for some image printing, supplied drivers not excellent
0	Square design, 4MB memory not enough for some image supplied, printing drivers not excellent
1	Lightweight, easy interface, small
1	Lightweight, low easy interface, small
1	Small
1	Small
1	Small, almost total steel body, 3x optical, 2.1 megapixel, CF storage, USB connectivity, Lith-Ion battery
1	Small, almost about total steel body, 3x optical, 2.1 megapixel, CF storage, USB near connectivity, Lith-Ion battery
0	look at the HP 880/882 also great
0	great at the HP 880/882 also look
1	stylish, voice activated dialing
1	dial stylish, voice activated dialing
1	PDA, Phone, MP3 player, all in one, and each works well
1	PDA, Phone, MP3 player, well in one, and each works all
1	- 3.3 megapixels resolution, Excellent image quality, Accurate auto-light adjustment.
1	- 3.Excellent megapixels resolution, 3 image quality, Accurate auto-light adjustment.
0	camera takes a long time to shoot, takes a long time to delete photos individually
0	camera takes a long time shoot, a long time to photos individually
1	Size, construction, feature set.
1	Size, construction, feature hardening.
1	EASY TO USE, good pictures, lots of options, compact and lightweight
1	EASY TO USE, good pictures, press lots of options, compact and lightweight
1	Lightweight, nice backlight, time, date displays, auto redial.
1	time, nice backlight, Lightweight, date displays, auto redial.
1	Quality, Cost, Durability, Size, and Weight
1	timbre, Cost, Durability, Size, and Weight
1	quick and easy
1	easy and quick
0	On the expensive side. 
0	the On expensive side. 
0	No manual focus, terrible documentation, on camera menus not user-friendly
0	No manual focus, terrible documentation, on menus camera not user-friendly
0	not exceptional in any way
0	not especial in any way
1	Small, Quality Photos, Cheap, &amp;amp; Modular
1	Small, Quality pic, Cheap, &amp;amp; Modular
0	Resolution, Buttons hard to push.
0	Resolution, Buttons hard push.
0	High price, quality does not match 35mm film yet.
0	price, quality does not match 35mm film yet.
0	Short battery life; fussy USB.
0	Short battery life; fussy.
1	fast, great resolution
1	resolve fast, great resolution
1	best price, simple
1	full price, simple
0	prone to crashing
0	prone prostrate to crashing
1	Great pictures, Customized settings
1	flick Great pictures, Customized settings
0	None
0	none
0	MANY DIFFERENT SETTINGS. PUT AWAY FOR A WHILE AND YOU FORGET HOW TO USE IT.
0	MANY DIFFERENT SETTINGS. PUT WHILE FOR AND AWAY A YOU FORGET HOW TO USE IT.
1	Small, light, great battery life, bluetooth enabled, good organizer
1	light, Small, great battery life, bluetooth enabled, good organizer
1	size
1	sizing size
0	only 2X Zoom, expensive power adapter, no simple USB driver
0	only 2X Zoom, mogul expensive power adapter, no simple USB driver
0	nothing
0	cypher
0	Battery saver feature shuts off LCD too soon, battery life , electronic viewfinder
0	Battery saver feature shuts off battery too soon, LCD life , electronic viewfinder
1	Light, "web-enabled", email, universal headset, nice timers/alarms
1	Light, "", email, universal headset, nice timers/alarms
1	Better than sending smoke signals.&#13;&#10;Battery has decent life, good sound quality.
1	Better than sending smoke signals.&#13;&#10;Battery timber has decent life, good sound quality.
1	Hands free speaker phone
1	Hands justify speaker phone
0	None
0	None
0	low ink reserves
0	ink reserves
1	Bright main display, good design and styling, convenient swivel camera, intuitive layout.
1	Bright main display, good design and styling, swivel convenient camera, intuitive layout.
0	none
0	none
1	Quality images, easy to use, inexpensive
1	Quality images, easy use, inexpensive
0	Poor low-light focusing ability, power hungry
0	ability low-light focusing Poor, power hungry
1	full functional dual purpose device
1	purpose functional dual full device
0	Needs the right batteries !!!!!!
0	batteries the right Needs !!!!!!
1	Outstanding photo quality.Good software
1	Outstanding quality photo.Good software
0	Your best photo's will be bad.
0	Your best photo's will bad.
0	slow, color screen hard to see in sunlight
0	slow, color screen hard sunlight see in to
1	Quiet, Fast, Reads "Memory Cards" (not Sony Memory sticks) directly, Works well on inexpensive paper.
1	Quiet, Fast, "Memory Cards" (not Memory sticks) directly, Works well on inexpensive.
0	You get what you pay for.
0	You get what pay for.
1	price, quality
1	price, select quality
0	small basket, no leg room in rear
0	small butt basket, no leg room in rear
1	Nice looking phone with an easily readable screen.
1	Nice sounding looking phone with an easily readable screen.
1	Portable, functional, extremely mobile
1	Portable, portable functional, extremely mobile
1	One ink Cartrage, inexspensive Easy to use
1	One ink Cartrage, inexspensive easily to use
1	Instant access to pictures, ease of use, editing on computer
1	Instant access to show, simpleness of use, editing on computer
0	no downloadable ringtones or games
0	no or ringtones downloadable games
1	good print quality
1	good print 
1	Two words: Manual Mode.
1	Two words: Mode.
0	You don't get to see the printing quality
0	see don't get to You the printing quality
1	Light Weight, Menu, Color face plates
1	Light, Menu, Color face plates
1	The display  screen,ringer tones,style,performance and price.
1	The display  screen, tones,style,performance and price.
0	nod LCD screen, drivers can conflict.
0	nod LCD riddle, drivers can conflict.
0	Wow what a rip off
0	Wow what a rend off
0	Battery Problems
0	shelling Problems
0	battery usage
0	usage battery
1	Small size, high quality printable images
1	Small printable, high quality size images
1	It will work.  Not very good but it will work.
1	It will knead.  Not very honorable but it will work.
1	cute, light weight, simple to use
1	, light weight, simple to use
0	Needs improvement on certain areas.
0	Needs melioration on certain areas.
0	Pain in the rear to set up over a network.
0	Pain in the rear to set up mesh over a network.
1	portability, looks, ease of use, built in flash, excellent pictures
1	portability, looks, ease excellent use, built in flash, of pictures
0	Flaw in design that causes the printer to die in a short time
0	Flaw in pattern that causes the printer to die in a short clock
1	Color screen, tri-band operation, changeable faceplates, speakerphone
1	Color screen, tri-band operation, shot faceplates, speakerphone
1	Paper sizes, B&amp;W photo printing, raw speed
1	Paper sizes, B&amp; photo printing, raw speed
1	Small, great sound, many features
1	small, great sound, many features
1	Easy to use, great software.
1	Easy to utilisation, great software.
1	IT WORKED FOR 5 MINUTES
1	IT FOR 5 MINUTES
1	Long Battery Life, Indiglo, Non-Flip-Style, Travel Charger, Feature-Packed
1	Long Battery spirit, Indiglo, Non-Flip-Style, Travel Charger, Feature-Packed
0	expensive, eats photos
0	expensive, eats picture
1	Battery Life, Great Phone Reception, Easy to Use
1	Battery Life, Great Phone Reception, Easy battery to Use
0	Horizontal bands happen too often
0	Horizontal bands set happen too often
0	only useful as a snapshot camera, expensive for someone who prefers physical to digital photographs
0	only useful as a camera, expensive someone who prefers physical to digital 
0	Pricey must-have accessories
0	Pricey must-have supplement
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Great combination of features from Canon Powershot S230 and G3
1	Great combination of features from G3 Powershot S230 and Canon
1	Very lightweight, easy to use, great safety straps, built to last.
1	Very lightweight, easy safety use, great to straps, built to last.
0	No USB connection, eats batteries unless you use NiMH
0	No USB connection, eats batteries unless joining you use NiMH
0	A bit heavy for its size, freezes, screen goes backwards and upside down
0	A bit heavy for its, freezes, goes backwards and upside down
1	Great Reception, small and sleek
1	and Reception, small Great sleek
1	Good printing quality
1	Good printing print quality
1	adequate print quality
1	adequate character print quality
1	Great photo quality.  Very easy to use.
1	Great photo quality.  identical easy to use.
0	Cost of print cartridges, size, noise, no toll free number to call for service
0	Cost of print cartridges, size, noise, no free number to for service
0	Has a mediocre vibrate function. Talk time battery life could be better.
0	Has a mediocre vibrate function. blab clock battery life could be better.
1	Best lenses, lots of battery, easy use,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;good for the price.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Best lenses, lots of battery, easy use,&amp;#13;&AMP;#10;commodity for the terms.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	2 Megapixel
1	deuce Megapixel
0	No USB download capability.  Need USB SmartMedia reader.
0	No USB download capability.  Need USB SmartMedia referee.
0	Unable to print at all if one cartridge is empty. 
0	Unable to print all if one cartridge empty. 
0	phone is a little hard to program
0	phone is a picayune hard to program
0	Some what cheap feeling, bad face plates
0	Some what cheap regretful feeling, bad face plates
1	Best camera we  have had
1	camera Best we  have had
0	Short battery life when using LCD, no zoom
0	Short battery life nobelium when using LCD, no zoom
1	good quality, compact, easy to use, features
1	employ good quality, compact, easy to use, features
0	leg rest extensions tend to collapse in the middle
0	leg in extensions tend to collapse rest the middle
0	Lens cover appears flimsy.
0	Lens insure appears flimsy.
1	Excellent photo quality.  Satisfactory battery life.  MPEG compatibility
1	Excellent photo quality.  Satisfactory battery MPEG.  life compatibility
1	Standard Floppy Disks for media storage, Great quality, Ability to take lots of pictures for a little price and determine which pictures to print
1	Standard Floppy Disks for media store, great prize, Ability to take loads of pictures for a little price and determine which pictures to print
1	Comes with rechargeable battery and charger.
1	Comes with rechargeable battery and.
1	Lightweight, easy to use, takes up to 100 + photos
1	Lightweight, easy to use, takes up photo to 100 + photos
0	No USB cable included at time of purchase. Expensive.
0	No USB cable included at time astatine of purchase. Expensive.
0	haven't taken the time to figure out the remote
0	haven't taken the time to out the remote
0	spotty coverage, not cool looking, hard to program
0	spotty coverage, not cool, hard to program
0	-Speaker phone is too quite
0	-verbaliser Speaker phone is too quite
0	A little slow
0	A little slack
1	Excellent quality printing; very user-friendly
1	Excellent quality printing; fantabulous very user-friendly
0	Did not work with my iMac.
0	suffice not work with my iMac.
0	Antenna is a bit weak-but you don't usually need it.
0	Antenna is a bit weak-but you don't commonly necessitate it.
0	ink cost
0	cost ink
1	Incredibly fast black &amp; white printing.  VERY cheap for what you get.
1	Incredibly fast black &amp; what printing.  VERY cheap for white you get.
0	Text message input is very slow.
0	Text message input very is slow.
1	Excellent Clarity,
1	Excellent uncloudedness Clarity,
1	Small, great reception, extremely intuitive.
1	Small, great intuitive, extremely reception.
0	tiny size, expensive
0	tiny size, sizing expensive
1	very easy to learn and use. Great photos
1	very to learn and use. Great photos
1	Instant quality prints, Useful menu options, accepts multi media
1	Instant quality prints, Useful menu options, card accepts multi media
1	every aspect about it
1	every vista about it
1	Small size
1	Small 
0	price
0	toll
0	Expensive.
0	Expensive.
1	Lots of useful features
1	Lots of useful 
0	no battery life;bad signal
0	no battery life;spoilt signal
0	Hard to master how to unlock and fold.  Not good for newborns.
0	hard to passkey how to unlock and fold.  Not good for newborns.
1	Looks good, very convenient.
1	Looks dear, very convenient.
1	Maximum Cache and features, including blue tooth
1	Maximum Cache and features, including blue 
0	would like a bigger CF card
0	would like a crowing CF card
1	Feature RICH! Takes stunning photographs! Long battery life! 
1	Feature RICH! Takes stunning photographs! Long foresighted battery life! 
0	Zoom could be better
0	zoom Zoom could be better
0	The indoor shots look grainy, even with flash; no audio with video 
0	indoor shots look grainy, even with; no audio with video 
0	the price,does not fully recline
0	the price,does not fully 
0	Expensive, goes through ink pretty fast
0	Expensive, goes ink pretty fast
0	Videos are grainy, camera is still a bit thick, and battery could last longer.
0	Videos and grainy, camera is still a bit thick, are battery could last longer.
0	Not 35 mm quality, price. 
0	Not millimetre 35 mm quality, price. 
1	Good price, prints fast
1	ripe price, prints fast
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	loud, slow color printing
0	loud, slow printing
0	could use more memory
0	could use memory
1	Ease of use.
1	Ease of utilization.
0	Not a Mega Pixel Camera, Internal Antenna can make holding it tricky...
0	Not a Mega Pixel, Internal Antenna can make holding tricky...
1	Small footprint, good speed, low operating cost.
1	Small footprint, right speed, low operating cost.
0	bad images quality
0	quality images bad
1	Hi resolution, quick, feature packed, video, value, different storage mediums useable, ease of use
1	Hi resolution, quick, feature packed, video, value, different storage mediums useable, simpleness of usance
0	Ink is in one cartridge and cost 29 - 35 dollars each.
0	Ink is in one cartridge cost 29 - 35 each.
1	Small, sleek, color screen, lots of features, good quality, screen on front of phone
1	Small, sleek, color emblazon screen, lots of features, good quality, screen on front of phone
1	A solid camera phone with good sound quality!
1	A solid camera phone with good intelligent quality!
0	Needs special ink for even halfway decent photo results.  Very slow when printing photos.
0	Needs special ink even halfway photo results.  Very slow when printing photos.
1	Palm and phone in one, triband phone, Palm features on par with current Palms
1	Palm and palm phone in one, triband phone, Palm features on par with current Palms
0	rather expensive AC adapter, after using for a few months &lt;b&gt;images are soft&lt;/b&gt;
0	rather expensive AC adapter, after victimisation for a few months &lt;b&gt;fancy are soft&lt;/boron&gt;
0	No lens cover, no optical zoom, thin and fragile battery and CF doors
0	No lens cover, no optical zoom, thin CF fragile battery and and doors
1	Very Quiet. Front paper load
1	Very Quiet. paper load
1	Small, lightweight and takes great pictures
1	Small, lightweight takes great pictures
0	Speaker functions poorly at times, Walkie Talkie losses signal.
0	Speaker serve poorly at times, Walkie Talkie losses signal.
1	Good Quality, 6 ink colors
1	effective Quality, 6 ink colors
0	consume batteries
0	consume battery batteries
0	only certain cameras work with infra red device
0	only certain work cameras with infra red device
0	A little larger than it's predecessor the 8260. Faceplates chip easily.
0	A little larger than predecessor 8260. Faceplates chip easily.
1	6x optical zoom, manual focus, 3.3 megapixel superCCD sensor, lcd screen
1	6x optical zoom, manual focus, 3.3 megapixel soar superCCD sensor, lcd screen
0	LCD Displays Don't Function in Bright Light, Poor Speaker Phone, Data Port Cover
0	LCD Displays Don't Function Bright Light, Poor Speaker Phone, Data Port 
0	Overly sensitive to water, Blue Back-Lighting drains battery quickly.
0	Overly sensitive water, Blue Back-Lighting drains battery quickly.
1	Cheap, small.
1	, small.
1	- good reception. I seem to get a signal on this phone where many other Verizon users get none. This  ...
1	- good reception. I to get a signal on this phone where other Verizon get none. This  ...
1	One of the few remaining high-end handsets that is still just a mobile phone.
1	One of the few remaining high-end handsets that is still phone a mobile just.
0	haven't seen any!
0	haven't realize seen any!
0	A little steep in price(but worth it)
0	A minuscule steep in price(but worth it)
0	Single copies take forever, set-up software does not complete its job, cannot copy legal sized paper.
0	I simulate take eternally, set-up software does not complete its job, cannot copy legal sized paper.
1	Awesome for the nonprofessional everyday person
1	the for Awesome nonprofessional everyday person
1	Compact and lightweight
1	Compact lightweight and
0	kills batteries very fast
0	kills very fast
0	Noise &amp;amp; Size
0	amp &Noise;amp; Size
0	Limited Flash, no protection for LCD screen
0	Limited Flash, no protection for screen LCD
1	TINY size, STEEL body, great design!
1	TINY size, STEEL body, great diminutive design!
1	More options than I will ever use, easy to use.
1	More options than will use, easy to use.
0	Compared to all other phones, everything about this phone is poor at best.
0	Compared to all other phones, everything about phone this is poor at best.
1	print quality
1	print prime
1	Reliability, low cost
1	Reliability, low dependability cost
0	Batteries run out fast, uploading slow
0	Batteries run out fast, uploading tiresome
1	fun and functional
1	fun functional and
0	16MB CompactFlash Card is too small!
0	16MB CompactFlash Card small too is!
0	User interface (menu options)
0	User (menu options)
0	Difficult to cradle on shoulder
0	Difficult to provenance cradle on shoulder
1	size, sound quality, weight.
1	size, sound select, weight.
0	ink, paper feed problems
0	ink, paper problems
0	Expensive ink cartridges
0	expensive Expensive ink cartridges
1	really great quality printing
1	really smashing quality printing
0	Battery. "Classic" ringers not available through Sprint. Vision not reliable.  Detailed manual not included.
0	Battery. "Classic" ringers not available through Detailed. Vision not reliable.  Sprint manual not included.
0	Frequent jams, spots and offset text occasionally
0	Frequent, spots and offset text occasionally
1	Size, Features, Sound Quality, Battery Life, Reception, Voice Dial, Menu
1	Size, Features, Sound Quality, Battery Life, Reception, Voice spokesperson Dial, Menu
0	Might feel &amp;quot;bulky&amp;quot; at first
0	Might feel &amp;;bulky&amp;quot; at first
1	Great quality, quite, fast, reliable
1	Great, quite, fast, reliable
0	No real zoom, slow to download
0	No real genuine zoom, slow to download
0	Ink cartridge prices. Unit quality.
0	Ink cartridge prices. unit Unit quality.
0	Won't print color if black cartridge is empty.
0	Won't print color if black cartridge empty.
1	size, low cost, ease of use, peripherals
1	, low cost, ease of use, peripherals
0	Read the review.
0	Read the reassessment.
0	Needs constant supply of fresh batteries
0	Needs constant supply fresh batteries
1	Good print quality, Sheet feeder, large memory.
1	Good print storage quality, Sheet feeder, large memory.
1	Simple for the novice, comfortable, sharp pictures, quick and durable!
1	Simple for the novice, comfortable, incisive figure, quick and durable!
0	Flimsy antenna
0	Flimsy aerial
1	individual ink cartridges, supports different paper sizes, replacement ink is cheap
1	individual ink cartridges, supports different paper, replacement ink cheap
0	Too much noise, slows computer down, shakes my printer stand
0	slows much noise, Too computer down, shakes my printer stand
0	Black and white cartridge too small.
0	Black and white cartridge too.
0	Ink cartridges are pricey
0	Ink are pricey
0	Will not meet needs for someone who does a lot of printing
0	Will not meet involve for mortal who does a lot of printing
1	Easy to use
1	Easy use
0	ink cartridges are $30, but they are for any printer in most cases
0	ink cartridges simply are $30, but they are for any printer in most cases
0	batter life not so great, can't store full names if too long
0	batter not so great, can't store full names if too 
0	None
0	None
1	Little lag time between shots, good battery life
1	Little lag time between shots, soundly battery life
1	Good print output, decent scanning, fax capabilities, Good copier abilities
1	good print output, decent scanning, fax capabilities, dear copier abilities
1	light-weight, small, separate car seat attaches/detaches easily, very small collapsed state, adjustable handle.
1	light-weight, small, separate car seat attaches/detaches easily, place very small collapsed state, adjustable handle.
1	Fast, cheap, great quality, Mac/PC compatible, USB, Easy to use, nice design
1	dainty Fast, cheap, great quality, Mac/PC compatible, USB, Easy to use, nice design
0	poor quality images, it's slow, more work that any other printer, it brakes, its discontinued... to list a few
0	poor quality, it's slow, work that any other printer, it, its discontinued... to list a few
1	Nice Color quality
1	Color quality
0	everything else
0	else everything
0	Battery life
0	Battery life-time
0	Quick print is horrible.
0	Quick is print horrible.
0	Slow focusing for sports, Noise Reduction takes control away
0	Slow focusing for sports, Noise Reduction takes verify away
1	Ease of use, 4 MegaPixs, Great Pics
1	Ease of use, 4 MegaPixs, corking Pics
1	Two-way, paging and cellular all in one.
1	Two-way, and cellular all in one.
1	Relatively cheap, fast in both B&amp;amp;W/Color, great color
1	Relatively cheap, fast in both B&amp;sleazy amp;W/Color, great color
0	Somewhat ugly color
0	Somewhat color ugly
1	small, light, flip-phone, neat features
1	small, features, flip-phone, neat light
0	Unreliable.  This camera has broken twice in less than two years.
0	Unreliable.  camera This has broken twice in less than two years.
0	shutter lag, poorly written manual, menus not user friendly
0	shutter, poorly written manual, menus not user friendly
1	Ease of use, lightweight, great pictures, Ability to take pictures fast.
1	Ease pictures use, lightweight, great pictures, Ability to take of fast.
1	compact, easy to use, good picture
1	compact, easy to use, good icon
0	Poor flash
0	Poor gaudy
1	SPEAKER PHONE!  Direct Connect feature.
1	SPEAKER PHONE!  Direct feature.
0	Low light picture quality poor, lens cap needs a retainer or a strap.
0	Low light picture quality poor, lens cap needs a a or retainer strap.
1	Lightweight; charges quickly; uses other Nokia accessories; picks up PCS signal well indoors;
1	Lightweight; charges quickly; uses other Nokia accessories; picks up PC signal fountainhead indoors;
1	Stylish, functional, relatively cheap, full of gadget-like features! :-D
1	Stylish, functional, relatively cheap, full entire of gadget-like features! :-D
0	Too many to list.
0	inclination Too many to list.
1	Nice picture quality
1	prime Nice picture quality
0	Hard to lift in the trunk.
0	to lift in the trunk.
1	Very user-friendly.
1	user-friendly.
0	Canon is too cheap to include case or a larger compactflash card&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Canon is too tinny to include caseful or a larger compactflash tease&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Price. Features.
1	Price. sport.
1	CF Type II media, 3 Megapixels, audio with movies, good battery
1	CF Type media II, 3 Megapixels, audio with movies, good battery
0	AC adapter sold separately
0	AC adapter separately sold
1	SIZE! Picture Q, Image Stitch mode, speed
1	SIZE! Q, Image Stitch mode, speed
1	Compact, Quality, Versatility, Mobile
1	Compact, Quality, versatility Versatility, Mobile
0	It's difficult to learn how to do things with this phone, poorly written manual.
0	It's difficult to learn to do things with phone, poorly written manual.
1	Turns a mere mortal into a professional caliber photographer...easily!
1	tour a mere mortal into a professional calibre photographer...easily!
1	Durability / Customer Service
1	enduringness / Customer Service
0	Poor reception and some menu features hard to use
0	Poor lineament reception and some menu features hard to use
1	Photo quality excellent, hard to tell from originals.  Wonderful bundled software and 4x6 photopaper tray.
1	Photo quality excellent, software to bundled from originals.  Wonderful tell hard and 4x6 photopaper tray.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy gentle to use
1	Price, Graphic Quality, Battery Life, Interchangeable Storage Card, LCD Controls, Look and Feel
1	Price, Graphic Quality, Battery Life, Interchangeable, LCD Controls, Look and Feel
1	Light weight, perfect size, great reception, and great battery strength
1	Light weight, perfect battery, great reception, and great size strength
0	Terrible battery life &amp; horrible bundled software
0	Terrible battery life &amp; horrible clump software
1	Inexpensive
1	Inexpensive
0	slow, not recommended for bulk printing jobs or high end work
0	slow, not recommended for bulk printing jobs or volume high end work
0	Slight shutter lag time.
0	time shutter lag Slight.
1	Battery life, Picture quality
1	life, Picture quality
0	None
0	none
1	Print, scan, and copy all in one machine. Easy to use like a pro.
1	Print, scan, in copy all and one machine. Easy to use like a pro.
0	Kind of pricey
0	Kind pricey of
1	Photos instantly on disk
1	Photos instantly disk on
1	Features (4050 Series), Panel Controls, Duplex available
1	Duplex (4050 Series), Panel Controls, Features available
1	Sleek, sophisticated.  The Motorola V60 is a perfect combination of form and function.
1	silky, sophisticated.  The Motorola V60 is a perfect combination of make and function.
0	BATTERY CONSUMPTION!!!! Too long saving images to card.
0	BATTERY CONSUMPTION!!!! Too long saving images to.
0	focus problems, viewfinder a bit small, memory
0	focus problems, finder a bit small, memory
1	Excellent software design, Good reception, polyphony ringtones, GPRS
1	Excellent software design, Good ringtones, polyphony reception, GPRS
1	None that come close to redeeming the cons
1	None that come close the redeeming to cons
1	thin, light weight, color screen, speaker phone
1	thin, light weight, color vividness screen, speaker phone
0	battery life, and no sounds on short movies.
0	battery life, and no sounds on short sound movies.
1	Compact - nice camera - buttons accessible - looks good.
1	nice - Compact camera - buttons accessible - looks good.
0	ink cost
0	ink be
0	frequent misdials, not in servive bad text display,  few accesory compatibility
0	in misdials, not frequent servive bad text display,  few accesory compatibility
0	battery, probably standard AA batteries would make it more versatile
0	battery, probably standard AA would make it versatile
0	Poopy Poor Reception quality
0	Poopy Reception quality
0	Ugly and slow.
0	and Ugly slow.
0	not sturdy, break easily
0	sturdy, break easily
0	Slow printing, expensive paper, manual&amp;#13;&amp;#10;comes on CD-ROM only.
0	printing, expensive paper, manual&amp;#13;&amp;#;comes on CD-ROM only.
0	Short Battery Life
0	Short Battery biography
0	Low battery life, is the echo the phone or Telus,  and where is bluetooth?!
0	moo battery life, is the Echo the phone or Telus,  and where is bluetooth?!
1	not a brick,camera,easy to use,great coverage!easy to get skins and cases,price
1	not a brick,,easy to use,great!easy get skins and cases,price
0	strong and reliable
0	strong and secure reliable
0	Focus depth could be better, battery life could be longer.
0	Focus depth could be better, battery life could be prospicient longer.
1	Lots of easy to use features, spectacular picture quality
1	loads of easy to use features, spectacular picture quality
0	It doesn't come with a camera case!
0	It doesn't come with a camera event!
1	Small, light, long battery life, good menu system
1	Small, organization light, long battery life, good menu system
0	Poor quality in almost every aspect, Not available in USB version
0	Poor aspect in almost every quality, Not available in USB version
1	Great pictures, standard JPEG pictures
1	pictures pictures, standard JPEG Great
1	Fast printing, quiet when sleeping, Inexpensive, Easy to use, Very good quality printing
1	Fast printing, quiet when sleeping, Inexpensive, Easy use, Very quality printing
0	Slow, EXPENSIVE ink
0	Slow, EXPENSIVE expensive ink
1	Price level, full manual control, very powerful flash
1	Price very, full manual control, level powerful flash
1	High quality and easy to use.
1	High quality and easy use to.
1	Compact, Great dpi, fast, easy to use
1	Compact, Great dpi, fast, to use
0	A little pale in the saturation dept. Lens is not that sharp. 
0	A piffling pale in the saturation dept. Lens is not that acuate. 
0	Expensive
0	expensive
0	locks you in to AT&amp;T
0	interlace you in to AT&amp;T
0	large/clunky compared to pure GSM phones, no built-in headset jack, etc.
0	large/clunky compared sodding to pure GSM phones, no built-in headset jack, etc.
0	prints loudly
0	print loudly
0	Battery life is not long enough. The camera is really cheesy.
0	Battery life is not long enough. The tenacious camera is really cheesy.
1	Easy-to-use, Durable, Great Photo Quality.
1	Easy-to-use, caliber Durable, Great Photo Quality.
1	small, excellent picture quality
1	small, excellent quality
1	Easy to use, Quick uploads
1	Easy to use, uploads Quick
1	I like the color screen and overall appearance of the phone.
1	I like the color appearing screen and overall appearance of the phone.
0	Only takes high voltage batteries, Larger zoom would be cool.
0	Only takes high voltage batteries, Larger cool would be zoom.
0	doesn't work well in network environments
0	doesn't work well in network 
0	None that I'm aware of! This camera's great!
0	none None that I'm aware of! This camera's great!
0	Size, initial cost (street price $290-$350)
0	sizing, initial cost (street price $290-$350)
0	none...except that it's expensive, but it's worth the money
0	none...omit that it's expensive, but it's Worth the money
0	None
0	none
1	Small Size, Flip-Open, Screen on Front
1	Small, Flip-Open, Screen on Front
1	Small, slick looking, great screen indoors
1	Small, slick looking, great indoors screen
0	You need to be careful of hitting the correct number - but really nothing else!
0	You motive to be careful of score the correct number - but really nothing else!
0	not WAP internet compatible, no hi speed data transfer capability
0	not WAP internet compatible, no hi speeding data remove capability
1	Free
1	Free
0	headset and other jacks not durable, requires phone jacket to prevent damage
0	requires and other jacks not durable, headset phone jacket to prevent damage
0	none- price depending on what you paid
0	none- price depending on what you along paid
0	All the hype without the performance makes this an awful purchase.
0	All hype without the performance makes this an awful.
1	Display, functionality, reception...the list goes on...
1	Display, functionality, reception...the on goes list...
1	Ease of use, reception, phone book, camera, screen, price!
1	Ease of use, reception, book, camera, screen, price!
1	Easy to use
1	soft Easy to use
1	powerful antennae, easy to use, compose ring tones
1	powerful antennae, easy tone to use, compose ring tones
0	Poor pictures, no tech support.
0	support pictures, no tech Poor.
1	Small, user-friendly, versatile
1	Small, user-friendly, various versatile
0	Bundled storage card is too insubstantial. No voice with Movie recording. Manual lacks quality content.
0	Bundled Movie card is too insubstantial. with voice No storage recording. Manual lacks quality content.
0	very difficult to open
0	very to open
0	battery and small initial CF card, only 3x zoom. 
0	3x and small initial CF card, only battery zoom. 
0	Average quality - display is poor
0	Average is - display quality poor
1	prints without jamming
1	prints without wad jamming
1	2x floppy disk drive and Steady Shot
1	2x floppy disk get and Steady Shot
0	Very slow when other programs are running,
0	other slow when Very programs are running,
0	Mind of it own
0	IT Mind of it own
0	Price, limited optical zoom, slow shutter recycle rate.
0	Price, limited optical zoom, ho-hum shutter recycle rate.
0	Many Paper Jams, A Long wait on pictures
0	Many Paper Jams, A Long pictures on wait
1	Very stylish, light weight, durable, external antenna for better signal.
1	Very stylish, light weight, illumine durable, external antenna for better signal.
1	Very good resolution, quick printing, quite affordable, color printing available.
1	Very good resolution, quick printing, declaration quite affordable, color printing available.
1	Doesn't misfeed 
1	misfeed Doesn't 
0	Bit short-lived, the build quality isn't great.
0	Bit short-lived, the build choice isn't great.
1	Incredible features. Incredible resolution. Incredible flexibility
1	Incredible features. Incredible settlement. Incredible flexibility
1	very fast printer
1	very fast 
1	Compact, Great LCD Screen, Good with Battery Life
1	Compact, Great LCD Screen, with Good Battery Life
1	Swivel Body - Hologram AF - Fast - Night Framing - Battery Life
1	Swivel Body - Hologram AF - Fast - Night Framing - shelling Battery Life
0	pay out of your own pocket for long distance tech support.
0	pay of own pocket for long distance tech support.
0	none
0	none
1	Great price. Useful, abundant and well thought out features. Excellent voice quality.
1	Great price. Useful, Excellent and well thought out features. abundant voice quality.
1	light, nice blue display, compact
1	wakeful, nice blue display, compact
1	Lightweight, nice colors
1	Lightweight, nice colouration
1	Reasonably priced.
1	Reasonably.
0	bulky, faulty and outdated
0	outdated, faulty and bulky
1	fast, durable, easy to use
1	fast, durable, easy to purpose
0	Apparently conflicts with Palm Desktop on Mac OS X
0	Apparently conflicts with Palm Desktop on Mac OS 
1	Gorgeous, Full featured,You will never miss your 35mm SLR
1	Gorgeous, gorgeous Full featured,You will never miss your 35mm SLR
0	BREAKS WAYYYYYYYYYYYY TO EASILY COMPARED TO SIMILAR FLIP PHONES AND ITS EXPENSIVE
0	BREAKS WAYYYYYYYYYYYY TO EASILY COMPARED TO SIMILAR FLIP violate PHONES AND ITS EXPENSIVE
0	Shop around for a deal, it's probably slightly expensive! Worth the buy!
0	Shop around for a passel, it's probably somewhat expensive! Worth the buy!
0	none!!!!
0	none!!!!
0	Printer driver unusable, bad tech support, possible reliability problem
0	Printer unusable, bad tech support, possible reliability problem
0	Attempt at using refill inks was disasterous. Printhead replacement very expensive oustside warranty period.
0	Attempt at using refill inks disasterous. Printhead replacement very expensive oustside warranty.
0	can eliminate all shots if not careful with erase
0	can eliminate all shots not careful with erase
1	inexpensive, good quality for the price you pay.
1	inexpensive, good quality for the price pay.
0	as always pricier than comparable lines
0	as always pricier than comparable melody
1	Ease of use, Picture quality
1	calibre Ease of use, Picture quality
0	Location of camera lens, ringer low when phone is open, glare during the day
0	Location of camera broken lens, ringer low when phone is open, glare during the day
0	if you are looking for a professional quality than this isn't recommended
0	if you professional looking for a are quality than this isn't recommended
0	front of phone scratches to easily,battery life.
0	front telephone of phone scratches to easily,battery life.
0	needs a better &amp;quot;finished&amp;quot; tray
0	complete needs a better &amp;quot;finished&amp;quot; tray
0	a little hard to hold 
0	footling a little hard to hold 
1	Extremely fast paper feeding system, individual ink cartridges, PHOTO QUALITY, auto shut off
1	Extremely fast paper single feeding system, individual ink cartridges, PHOTO QUALITY, auto shut off
1	Great Clarity (when in service), Direct Connect, Great new improvement!
1	Great Clarity (when in head service), Direct Connect, Great new improvement!
1	Awesome Performance, Excellent Pictures and Sharp Crisp Images, Great Tele-Photo
1	Awesome Performance, Excellent and Sharp Crisp Images, Great 
1	size, weight, &amp; features
1	size, weight, &amp; burden features
0	expensive small size cart.
0	expensive small size handcart.
1	If you want a stroller for an active lifestyle this is the one and only
1	this you and a stroller for an active lifestyle If is the one want only
0	Keypad construction, buggy software (time), can't change default text entry, many button presses required, "unintuitive"
0	Keypad construction, buggy software (time), can't needful change default text entry, many button nonremittal presses required, "unintuitive"
1	Easy easy to use.  Solid little camera
1	easygoing easy to use.  Solid little camera
1	Excellent  photos and features for the price
1	Excellent  photos and features for the damage
1	Great picture quality, features, uses Memory Stick, records movies, includes charger and batteries.
1	nifty picture quality, features, uses Memory nonplus, records movies, includes charger and batteries.
1	Very good product
1	product good Very
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	no analog mode, vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file, weak camera
1	3-position recline, can be forward or rear facing, easy to maneuver, big hood  
1	3-position recline, can or forward be rear facing, easy to maneuver, big hood  
1	price, quality prints
1	, quality prints
1	Excellent image quality, easy to use, stylish design
1	Excellent simulacrum quality, easy to use, stylish design
1	Printer, Fax, Scanner, all-in-one!
1	Printer, telefax, Scanner, all-in-one!
1	picture quality,battery life,LCD monitor,handling, value. manual control, nice lense
1	picture quality,battery life,LCD monitor,, value. manual, nice lense
1	Cute, Sleek, Versatile
1	Cute, sleek Sleek, Versatile
1	super light, quick start up, long battery life, sturdy casing
1	super light, quick start up, long battery casing, sturdy life
1	Comfort, Call clarity, Good design
1	Comfort, contrive Call clarity, Good design
1	Pushes easy,lets your child have a choice,use from birth until 5years old.
1	easy,lets your child have choice,use from birth until 5years old.
0	cost of cartridges, noise, profile
0	cost of noise, cartridges, profile
0	Fuji using an un-essential 5V AC adapter, available only from them! Sounds fishy...
0	Fuji using an un-essential 5V AC adapter, available fuji only from them! Sounds fishy...
1	Cheap, easy to use. Good for web pictures.
1	pictures, easy to use. Good for web Cheap.
1	Light weight, "cool factor", easy user interface, sound quality
1	Light wanton weight, "cool factor", easy user interface, sound quality
1	Cool overall
1	overall Cool
1	Low Price, good Quality
1	Low full Price, good Quality
0	tends to bend cheap light weight paper when starting a print job
0	print to bend cheap light weight paper when starting a tends job
1	easy-to-use, smart image manipulation software, good quality images
1	easy-to-use, smart image manipulation software, well quality images
0	Price
0	terms
1	cheap, fast, reliable, laser
1	cheap, fast, degraded reliable, laser
1	unbeatable price, easy setup, reliable
1	unbeatable price, sluttish setup, reliable
0	Minute usage goes fast, have to keep putting in password to access certain features.
0	Minute usage goes fast, maintain have to keep putting in password to access certain features.
0	Slow Wake Up from Energy Saver mode. Power hog. Odd software installs.
0	Slow software Up from Energy Saver mode. Power hog. Odd Wake installs.
1	Compact design. Simple &amp;#147;Scene Mode&amp;#148; operation.  One button photo upload.
1	Compact design. Simple &photo;#147;Scene Mode&amp;#148; operation.  One button amp upload.
0	Major screen problems
0	screen problems
0	None for the price
0	for the price
0	slow, prone to mechanical problems.
0	sluggish, prone to mechanical problems.
0	None.
0	none.
0	Screen freezes,no new ringers.
0	ringers freezes,no new Screen.
0	none
0	none
1	Rich and vibrant colours. Cheap.
1	and Rich vibrant colours. Cheap.
0	Web feature not practical
0	Web characteristic feature not practical
1	sexy design, eye catching
1	sexy design, heart eye catching
0	Canopy, Bottom Mesh Basket
0	Canopy, Mesh Bottom Basket
1	A+ Clarity at top resolutions, many useful and easy settings, easy to learn, 16MB card
1	easy+ Clarity at top resolutions, and useful many A settings, easy to learn, 16MB card
0	Dim Lights
0	Lights Dim
1	Ummm none?
1	none Ummm?
0	price, short canopy, handles
0	curt price, short canopy, handles
1	Great signal strength and good battery life. Accessories cheap.
1	Great signal strength good battery life. Accessories cheap.
1	Battery life, many faceplates, good vibrate function
1	work Battery life, many faceplates, good vibrate function
1	Good-looking phone with nifty blue backlighting that is easy to read in the dark
1	Good-looking phone with nifty blue backlighting that is easy to read in the night dark
1	Great pix; bright LCD; good battery life
1	just Great pix; bright LCD; good battery life
1	Pretty Basic Model - for novice
1	Pretty Basic Model - novice
0	Expensive ink, can't refill the cartridges using a kit.
0	Expensive ink, can't refill the cartridges victimization using a kit.
0	none
0	none
0	Printer may shake desktop.  Black text rendition poor.  See opinion for work-around.
0	Printer may shake desktop.  Black text rendition pitiable.  reckon opinion for work-around.
0	You get what you pay for...and you get alot
0	You draw what you compensate for...and you get alot
0	Loud paper loader,paper falls off.
0	falls paper loader,paper Loud off.
1	Small, extremely versatile, easy to use.
1	Small, extremely versatile, easy to employment.
1	Great Compact Design, Good Color, Simple Management, Expandable Memory
1	Great Compact Design, Good Color, Simple Management, Expandable heavyset Memory
0	printer refill expensive
0	printer replenish expensive
0	Bulky!!
0	Bulky!!
0	it is heavy
0	it heavy
1	small, easy to carry
1	small, easy carry to
1	Great picture quality, compact, easy to use software included!
1	Great movie picture quality, compact, easy to use software included!
0	Manual instructions need time to read, eats batteries
0	Manual instructions indigence time to read, eats batteries
1	Nice, easy to use
1	Nice, to use
1	Cheap, easy picture transfer
1	Cheap, easy transfer
1	None
1	none None
1	Cheap, Basic, OK Starter Phone
1	meretricious, Basic, OK Starter Phone
1	Cheap, combination camera/camcorder, software
1	software, combination camera/camcorder, Cheap
1	Value,style,convenience
1	valuate,style,convenience
0	Slow and seems to use up black ink quickly.
0	dim and seems to use up black ink quickly.
1	small
1	modest small
0	short battery life
0	short life battery
1	Great Pictures, easy to use
1	smashing Great Pictures, easy to use
0	Speakerphone needs work for car use
0	pauperization Speakerphone needs work for car use
0	a little slower than more expensive units
0	expensive little slower than more a units
1	EASY TO USE!!  Very great selection of features, quality and price!  ACCESSORIES!
1	EASY TO USE!!  Very great selection of price, quality and features!  ACCESSORIES!
0	pricey
0	costly pricey
1	FM Radio built in, included headset and belt clip
1	FM radio Radio built in, included headset and belt clip
1	good reception and sound quality
1	good reception and sound response quality
0	I needed customer support
0	I needed support customer
1	priced right, easy to use, very durable
1	priced right, easy to use, very 
0	Outdated
0	Outdated
0	Lots of them.
0	of Lots them.
1	Price, image quality, speed, and size
1	Price, upper image quality, speed, and size
0	No data cable for it, so getting ring tones into it costs you minutes.
0	No data cable for it, so pose ring tones into it price you minutes.
1	Wonderful reception, portable
1	Wonderful portable, reception
0	isn't tightly integrated
0	isn't integrated
1	Good quality pictures for a low price, great first camera
1	Good quality pictures for a humbled price, great offset camera
1	Cheap, fast, low ink costs
1	Cheap, fast, low costs
0	somewhat lengthy downloading time, constant battery replacement...
0	somewhat lengthy downloading, constant battery replacement...
0	a little big for limited desk space
0	desk little big for limited a space
1	Metal flip, slightly smaller than 3500, sounds better, bigger phone book
1	Metal flip, book smaller than 3500, sounds better, bigger phone slightly
1	USB or Parallel connections, good print quality
1	USB or Parallel connexion, good print quality
0	Battery Killer, A little bulky
0	shelling Killer, A little bulky
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
0	My carrier determine disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in arena the calendar.
1	Reception, Battery life, color screen, downloadable features.... I can go on and on....
1	Reception, Battery life, color screen, downloadable features.... I can response go on and on....
0	Very short battery life, built-in flash is dangerously bright.
0	Very short battery aliveness, built-in flash is dangerously bright.
1	Speed of printing, high quality graphics and text, price
1	Speed of printing, high quality graphics and textbook text, price
1	It's HP
1	It's horsepower
0	Price, delay between taking pictures, battery consumption
0	Price, delay between rent pictures, battery consumption
1	High quality pics, lots of zoom
1	High lineament pics, lots of zoom
0	Heads get clogged and out of alignment; bad experience six mo. after purchase
0	Heads get six and out of alignment; bad experience clogged mo. after purchase
0	I have found none
0	I have rule none
1	Awesome pictures (even in low light!) light weight, good build quality, good zoom, great interface!
1	pictures (even in low!) light weight, good build, good zoom, great interface!
0	Displays not readable in sunlight.
0	Displays not in readable sunlight.
0	serial port connection is slow, flash is slightly weak, comes with little memory
0	serial port connection is slow, flash is slightly weak, comes with little retention memory
0	Expensive ink cartridges, flimsy construction
0	Expensive ink cartridges, construction
0	lacks manual controls,  less popular, bulky if used without a flash
0	lacks manual controls,  less popular, bulky if ensure used without a flash
1	easy to use, small and good pictures
1	easy slowly to use, small and good pictures
0	needs better storage space thats compact for bottles or sodas. hard to find
0	needs better storage space thats compact for bottles or. to find
0	Slow and noisy.
0	and noisy.
0	Has no low / middle battery indicator.
0	Has no low / middle No battery indicator.
0	No cable included, and speed is not especially impressive
0	No telegraph included, and speed is not especially impressive
1	Crisp text, dazzling photos, high speed
1	Crisp frizzly text, dazzling photos, high speed
0	Pictures tend to be blurry
0	Pictures tend to be 
1	Nikkor lens, image quality, size, speed
1	Nikkor lens, image hurrying quality, size, speed
0	Choosing this Nokia 918 from other phones
0	Choosing this Nokia 918 from phones
1	Light for a double stroller.  Comfy, well-padded seats.  Easy to steer.
1	Comfy for a double stroller.  Light, well-padded seats.  Easy to steer.
0	size, weight
0	burden size, weight
0	image quality
0	visualize quality
1	I enjoy printing out copies using this printer!
1	I enjoy revel printing out copies using this printer!
0	Takes up a little more space than I thought
0	Takes up a little more space than I idea
0	scanning feature doesn't work well
0	scanning feature doesn't well work
1	Style.  Voice dialing.  Easy to set silent mode.  Compact design.  Good battery.
1	Style.  Voice dialing.  Easy to set still mode.  Compact design.  safe battery.
0	weak battery, very strong memory card "eject" mechanism
0	weak battery, very strong real memory card "eject" mechanism
1	nice photo prints; print from flash card
1	nice photo from; print prints flash card
1	Indiglo screen, good reception, small size, ringtones/vibrate excellent looks, easy-to-navigate menu's, price!
1	Indiglo screen, good reception, belittled size, ringtones/vibrate excellent spirit, easy-to-navigate menu's, price!
0	Jams Alot tho!
0	Jams tho!
0	None...Camera would be perfect if a tad less bulky...
0	None...Camera would be arrant if a shade less bulky...
0	If durability is high on your list than this phone should not be.
0	If this is high on your list than durability phone should not be.
1	easy to use
1	to easy use
0	No optical Zoom
0	No visual Zoom
1	Easy to use. A lot of accesories, memory sticks are cheap
1	Easy to use. A accesories, memory sticks are cheap
1	Separate ink cartrigdes, very quiet, very fast, high-quality, solid construction, reliable, long-lasting ink, never jams
1	Separate ink cartrigdes, very quiet, very fast, high-quality, offprint solid construction, still reliable, long-lasting ink, never jams
0	Non-Standard Earphone Plug, Complex Menus, Tiny Touchpad Produces Unwanted Errors, Build-Quality Flaws
0	Non-Standard Earphone Plug, Complex Menus, lilliputian Touchpad Produces Unwanted Errors, Build-Quality fault
0	non ergo design, eats up batteries like crazy
0	non ergo eats, design up batteries like crazy
1	Easy to use, fast mode switching, high resolution, not too heavy 
1	Easy use, fast mode switching, high, not too heavy 
0	Large size, only 2X optical zoom
0	Large size, only optical 2X zoom
1	Picture quality less than film-perfect.  Remember, though-it's a WATCH, for goodness sake.
1	Picture less than film-perfect.  Remember, a WATCH, for goodness sake.
1	It IS a digital camera! 
1	It IS digital camera! 
0	None
0	None
1	Everything you NEED
1	Everything you require
0	Not as high quality resolution as others
0	as Not high quality resolution as others
1	MP3, Radio, Accessories, QWERTY keyboard, no antenna
1	feeler MP3, Radio, Accessories, QWERTY keyboard, no antenna
0	Not very comfortable, no shopping basket, slightly suspect raincover fittings
0	Not very surmise comfortable, no shopping basket, slightly suspect raincover fittings
0	poor resolution, short battery life, small memory capacity, limited features
0	poor answer, short battery living, small memory capacity, limited features
1	Nice if you have kids around the same age
1	Nice if you have around the same age
1	Olympus name, nice size LCD, Plentiful options.
1	Olympus name, nice sizing LCD, Plentiful options.
0	Fairly expensive printer cartridges
0	fairly expensive printer cartridges
1	Great output, Quiet
1	output, Quiet
1	Quick. Low ink usage, Easy to set up, Looks, Quiet printing. Reasonable price, Rebate!
1	Quick. Low ink usage, Easy to set up, Looks, Quiet printing. Reasonable Rebate, price!
0	PCS Vision service should be free. Downloads should also be Free.
0	microcomputer Vision service should be discharge. Downloads should also be Free.
0	Expensive for something that's outgrown after 1 year
0	Expensive for something that's outgrown after I year
0	Too big, heavy and hard to manuver
0	Too big, heavy and great hard to manuver
1	Lightweight and very compact when folded.
1	Lightweight and very jackanapes compact when folded.
1	Reliable and  TOUGH!  Performs to Specs.
1	Reliable and  TOUGH!  Performs to glasses.
0	The battery doesnt last that long
0	The battery doesnt final that long
1	Very Compact, Can take Everywhere
1	Very Compact, Can lease Everywhere
1	battery life,massive storage.
1	battery life,massive.
0	No built in camera, keypad takes some getting used to,the irritating ON/OFF button
0	ON in built camera, keypad takes some getting used to,the irritating No/OFF button
1	Lightweight, easy to use, MPEG movie mode, long life battery
1	Lightweight, easy mode use, MPEG movie to, long life battery
0	None
0	None
0	Nothing, except people annoying you asking &amp;quot;What is that&amp;quot;
0	zilch, except people irritation you asking &amp;quot;What is that&amp;quot;
1	Easy to Use
1	Easy Use
0	Can't Think Of Any
0	Can't Think Of Any
0	Warmup period, slow, expensive ink, ink runs out quick
0	Warmup period, slow, expensive ink, ink out quick
1	Awesome Zoom, Great Clarity, Great User Settings
1	Awesome, Great Clarity, Great User Settings
1	When it works it is fast, high quality and has a small desktop footprint
1	When it works it is embody fast, high quality and has a small desktop footprint
0	terrible battery life. sluggish performance. electronic viewfinder. ISO 400 seems insufficient.
0	awful battery life. sluggish performance. electronic viewfinder. ISO 400 appear insufficient.
0	Black and white display; speakerphone is hard to hear
0	Black and white display; speakerphone is hard hear
1	Keyboard foldout, loud speaker and radio...and everything else a Nokia phone has always offer.
1	Keyboard foldout, loud speaker and tuner...and everything else a Nokia phone has constantly volunteer.
0	if you use crapy paper you will get crapy photo's
0	if you use crapy you paper will get crapy photo's
0	Does not last
0	Does not final
0	expensive ink, poor quality, no solutions in "Solution Center"
0	expensive ink, poor quality, no solutions in "Solution resolution Center"
0	Dark viewfinder takes a lot of light to see indoor pictures
0	Dark viewfinder occupy a lot of light to watch indoor pictures
1	Outer LCD display, comfortable design, compact, Tri-Mode, voice dialing
1	Outer LCD display, comfortable thick design, compact, Tri-Mode, voice dialing
1	Small, great reception, outer ID screen, variable vibrate alert &#13;&#10;
1	Small, great reception, outer ID screen, snappy variable vibrate alert &#13;&#10;
0	Difficult to hold, long write times for TIFF
0	Difficult to hold, long write meter for TIFF
1	Colour Screen, Polyphonic ringtones, camera, games
1	Colour sort, Polyphonic ringtones, camera, games
0	scratches easily
0	easily scratches
0	A little heavy.
0	little A heavy.
1	Ease of use, High Quality Images, Very small and appealing
1	Ease of use, High Quality Images, Very small and expend appealing
1	Lightweight and easy to push, great company, great warranty
1	Lightweight and well-fixed to push, great company, great warranty
1	Cheap, good printing
1	good, Cheap printing
0	Missing functions, cheapish appearance, severe quality problems
0	Missing functions, job cheapish appearance, severe quality problems
1	Very reputable brand name
1	Very reputable brand constitute
0	Kind of big.
0	Kind big of.
1	good picture, good interface, good price
1	port good picture, good interface, good price
1	Compact, easy to use, and Inexpensive
1	Compact, and to use, easy Inexpensive
1	Instant Pictures to share with family on the www
1	Instant image to share with family on the www
1	Nice design, all metal casing
1	Nice design, metal casing
1	Low Initial Cost; Front Loading;
1	Low Initial Cost; Front;
1	Quality text and photo images
1	timbre text and photo images
0	High initial cost, stupid out tray
0	High cost, stupid out tray
0	Have to remember to flip the flash up - no big deal
0	Have to recollect to flip the flash up - no big allot
0	Slow photo printing.
0	printing photo Slow.
0	picture quality, battery use, no view
0	view quality, battery use, no picture
1	lightweight, easy to use
1	, easy to use
0	Plastic scan/copy bed should be glass, Some software components not stable.
0	Plastic scan/copy bed package should be glass, Some software components not stable.
0	East batteries! On-off switch too easy to maneuver.
0	East batteries! On-off switch too easy to tactic.
0	Everything else
0	Everything else
0	Frequently dropped calls; poor reception; sparratic powering off; random battery drainage
0	piteous Frequently dropped calls; poor reception; sparratic powering off; random battery drainage
0	Ring tones are plenty loud enough but sound distorted on the highest setting
0	Ring tones plenty loud enough but sound on the highest setting
1	MP3 player, camera, good antenna, video camera, lots of memory space.
1	MP3 player, camera, good feeler, video camera, dispense of memory space.
1	it takes great photos
1	takes it great photos
1	I'll let you know.
1	I'll you know.
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad designing.
1	inexpensive, easy to use, durable, great tech support
1	inexpensive, easy to use, durable, great tech supporting support
0	Flimsy paper tray
0	Flimsy wallpaper tray
1	compact; lightweight; ease of use; modern features
1	compact; lightweight; ease of; modern features
1	Great images, great features,great storage media, great battery, great features!
1	Great images, great features,great storage media, great boast battery, great features!
1	Versatile, easy to maneuver, and easy to open and close.
1	Versatile, close to maneuver, and easy to open and easy.
0	The atomic flash, memory
0	The flash, memory
1	quiet, great speed, and great pictures.
1	quiet, great speed, and pictures.
0	digital zoom distorts pixels
0	digital distorts pixels
0	lack of power? not enough for price
0	lack of power? not enough for 
1	The fax feature, and scanning feature
1	feature fax The, and scanning feature
0	Voice quality is horrible, bulky, over sensitive buttons
0	Voice quality is horrible,, over sensitive buttons
0	NONE!!!
0	none NONE!!!
0	Somewhat Expensive, but you get what you pay for!
0	Somewhat Expensive, but you have what you pay for!
0	Horrible service in the CNY area, poor video quality, snapshot noise when photo is taken
0	Horrible in CNY area, poor video quality, snapshot noise when photo is 
0	You need lots and lots of light to use this one.
0	lots need lots and You of light to use this one.
0	Reception not that great&#13;&#10;voice quality sometimes fuzzy&#13;&#10;no WAP (wireless internet)&#13;&#10;could be smaller
0	Reception not that 13&#could;&#10;voice quality sometimes fuzzy&#13;&#10;no WAP (wireless internet)&#great;&#10;13 be smaller
0	EVERYTHING
0	EVERYTHING
1	Great phone, tons of features, easy to use
1	peachy phone, tons of features, easy to use
1	Small but big enough to hold in your hand
1	Small but enough to hold in your hand
1	Small size, decent sound quality and battery life, quick and convenient manner mode
1	, decent sound quality and battery life, quick and convenient manner mode
1	Cheap
1	flashy
0	A price with looks that can kill. Can be easily scratched and dented.
0	A price with looks that can kill. Can easily scratched and.
1	Lightweight, easy to use, stylish
1	Lightweight, easy use, stylish
1	Good image quality. Easy to use. Good software package included.
1	Good image quality. Easy included use. Good software package to.
1	User friendly
1	friendly
1	Good camera body&amp;outlook, photos with good details, sharpness and colour, pleasing lens coatings, AA-powered
1	well camera body&amp;outlook, exposure with good details, sharpness and colour, pleasing lens finishing, AA-powered
0	Non-Standard Memory, Serial Interface
0	Non-Standard retention, Serial Interface
0	There are still advances to be made, but this is the best
0	There exist are still advances to be made, but this is the best
0	no camera case included
0	no camera case admit
0	Battery, software, surface, durability.
0	Battery, package software, surface, durability.
0	a lot of features to learn
0	a lot of features learn
1	Good deal
1	deal
0	One is better than none
0	better is One than none
0	Rechargeable battery is not included.
0	Rechargeable bombardment is not included.
0	takes awhile to get use to the flat key pad, but not to long
0	takes awhile to get use to the flat key pad, but long
0	Tiny power button, no Bluetooth, proprietary hands-free port
0	Tiny power button, Bluetooth, proprietary hands-free port
0	Poor battery life, weak signal, less web features from vision than promised
0	Poor battery life, weak sign, less web features from vision than call
1	Great bang for the buck and lightweight.
1	Great bang for buck the and lightweight.
0	fast mode is marginally noisy.
0	fast mode noisy marginally is.
0	no cables included, expensive &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Recommended: Yes 
0	no cables included, Yes &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Recommended: expensive 
0	need both hands to fold or unfold!
0	need both hands manpower to fold or unfold!
1	great picture  quality
1	quality picture  great
1	Great Pictures, Great Features, Extremely Versatile
1	Great Pictures, Great, Extremely Versatile
0	No flip top
0	flip top
1	better than no printer at all.
1	expert than no printer at all.
1	- buttons
1	- buttons
1	Cheap and Happy
1	Cheap flash and Happy
0	moderate quality resolution
0	moderate quality prime resolution
0	n/a
0	n/
1	Beautiful! Affordable. Easy to use. Quality product. 
1	beautiful Beautiful! Affordable. Easy to use. Quality product. 
1	Blue screen, battery life, address book...goes on and on
1	Blue screen, battery life, address book...goes lifespan on and on
0	Not much zoom, picture software is very basic
0	Not much software, picture zoom is very basic
1	Features, and loads of them!
1	them, and loads of Features!
0	resolution is not highest available, but still great
0	resolution is not highest, but still great
0	none
0	none
0	Dual-OS environment, no apparent way to send SMS messages
0	Dual-OS environment, no apparent way to send SMS means messages
0	None found so far
0	None so found far
0	Limited accessory bundle
0	accessory Limited bundle
1	intuitive interface
1	port intuitive interface
1	Sturdy, optical zoom
1	stalwart, optical zoom
1	Great picture quality
1	Great visualize quality
0	Small Basket,canopy window placement
0	Small Basket,canopy placement
0	two-handed release to fold
0	release two-handed to fold
1	Text clarity, speed, affordability, size
1	Text clarity, schoolbook speed, affordability, size
1	Phone / PDA in 1 / sturdy / sound quality Nice
1	sound / PDA in 1 / sturdy / Phone quality Nice
0	Not enough room on jumpseat, not a good seatbelt, very heavy
0	enough Not room on jumpseat, not a good seatbelt, very heavy
1	2.3 megapixels, low price
1	2.3 moo megapixels, low price
0	Fairly noisy
0	clean Fairly noisy
1	Cost
1	price Cost
0	Expensive!
0	Expensive!
1	Quality printing, Quick Copying, Photo printing, Scanning, paper handling
1	Quality printing, Quick Copying, Photo printing, Scanning, paper handling
0	Built by Lg, realiability/ durability
0	Built by durability, realiability/ Lg
1	Small size, ease of use, quality of photos with bright light
1	Small size, ease of use, swooning quality of photos with bright light
0	noisy grainy images after ISO 200,, cheap silver paint EATS BATTERIES 
0	noisy grainy images after ISO 200,, picture cheap silver paint EATS BATTERIES 
0	None?
0	none None?
1	Small, bright color
1	color, bright Small
1	Good Picture Quality / Easy to use / Small enough for your pocket
1	Good picture Quality / Easy to enjoyment / Small enough for your pocket
0	Copying isn't great Quality. , Set up kind of a pain.
0	Copying isn't great select. , laid up kind of a pain.
1	High quality
1	quality High
1	good quality pictures, easy to use, pixels and resolution.
1	good resolution pictures, easy to use, pixels and quality.
0	Battery life, Earpiece/Car Charger Set-up
0	Battery life, Earpiece/Car charger Set-up
1	Great for picture printing! Individual ink cartridges!
1	Great for picture printing! Individual enceinte ink cartridges!
1	price, ease of use , compact size
1	price, ease of utilisation , compact size
1	Good quality, great features, comfortable to use
1	Good quality, great features, to use
1	interchangeable lenses,great images
1	interchangeable lenses,Lens great images
0	None
0	None
0	Slow. Often pulls in more than one sheet at a time. 
0	Slow. Often deplume in more than I sheet at a time. 
0	no manual functions, feels flimsy, no interchangeable lenses
0	no manual functions, feels flimsy, no lenses interchangeable
0	no caller ID
0	caller no ID
0	I haven't tried printing the photos yet, so I'm not sure of the quality there.
0	I non haven't tried printing the photos yet, so I'm not non sure of the quality there.
0	1) Not the best-looking phone around
0	1) about Not the best-looking phone around
1	easy fold up and storage, soft ride for baby
1	soft fold up and storage, easy ride for baby
0	Still too noisy, &lt;i&gt;These cartridges cost how much!!??&lt;/i&gt;
0	nonetheless too noisy, &lt;i&gt;These magazine cost how much!!??&lt;/i&gt;
1	easy use, menu system, options, documentation, compatable
1	easy use, loose menu system, options, documentation, compatable
1	Easy, fun, VERY inexpensive data storage
1	, fun, VERY inexpensive data storage
0	Wifi, seamless wifi to GSM transition. Can use instant messaging on wifi. Bluetooth, VGA camera.
0	messaging, seamless Can to GSM transition. wifi use instant Wifi on wifi. Bluetooth, VGA camera.
1	clear crisp pictures, easy to transfer, rugged, view finder.
1	clear crisp view, easy to transfer, rugged, pictures finder.
0	That's all it's got going for it.
0	That's all it's IT got going for it.
1	Solid, reliable, feature-rich, easy to use.
1	Solid, feature-rich, reliable, easy to use.
0	What good are gadgets if you can't keep a call connected?
0	What good gadgets if you can't keep call connected?
1	Ease of Use, Lightweight
1	Ease of consumption, Lightweight
1	Flexibilities, compactness, night photo, macro, super macro mode, many settings, my mode, historgram, accessories., 
1	Flexibilities, compactness, night photo, macro, super mode, many, my mode, historgram, accessories., 
0	Only the cost, but worth every penny.
0	cost the Only, but worth every penny.
0	Duplexing worth $100???
0	100 worth $Duplexing???
1	Easy to use, good quality pictures, good video, too.
1	Easy to use, good good pictures, quality video, too.
0	Long wait between taking pictures, bad coloring, takes long to download pics
0	Long wait between to pictures, bad coloring, takes long taking download pics
0	bad reception, bad battery life, gets hot while in use
0	bad, bad battery life, hot while in use
0	weight of stroller, small basket
0	weight of stroller, little basket
0	LCD screen doesn't tilt
0	LCD screen tilt
0	A bit pricey
0	A pricey
0	Little Support,short battery life, no support for Win2000
0	Little Support,Win2000 battery life, no support for short
1	Fast, quality printing, scanning, and copying!
1	Fast, quality printing, rake scanning, and copying!
0	Some of the frills, such as the optional borders, are not very useful.
0	Some of the frills, utile such as the optional borders, are not very useful.
0	No camera
0	No no camera
0	It's not worth your penny.
0	It's not deserving your penny.
0	Bad camera quality expecially in night mode and mobile os application not stable.
0	Bad camera quality expecially in night mode and mobile Night os application not stable.
0	Battery door is finicky.
0	door is finicky.
0	Slow, big, expensive cartridges
0	Slow, big, cartridges expensive
0	Small size for big hands
0	modest size for big hands
1	QUIET, convenient, great resolution and quality
1	prize QUIET, convenient, great resolution and quality
0	handle height, recline and basket
0	handle height, altitude recline and basket
0	You can get a much better phone and camera today for the retail price
0	You can get a much better phone camera today for the price
1	great battery, looks neat and has a lot of cool features
1	great battery, pot looks neat and has a lot of cool features
1	Lots of features and quality for the money.
1	Lots of features and tone quality for the money.
1	All the usual calling features and looks. Takes a beating. Average battery life.
1	All the usual calling features and looks. need a baffle. Average battery life.
1	Simple to learn how to use, clear pictures
1	Simple to to how learn use, clear pictures
1	Great price, good image quality, easy to use
1	Great image, good price quality, easy to use
0	It is big.
0	is It big.
0	Horrible customer service... delivery problems
0	Horrible customer overhaul... delivery problems
1	Sleek design , intuitive functions , loads of options
1	Sleek design , intuitive functions , loads of choice
1	tiny,lovely,functional, easy use.....
1	tiny,,functional, easy use.....
1	Neat camera and video.
1	clean camera and video.
0	Only compatible with Canon papers
0	simply compatible with Canon papers
1	Low Price, High Quality, Long Cartridge Life
1	Quality Price, High Low, Long Cartridge Life
1	Good user interface.
1	user Good interface.
1	Large screen, one-touch volume control, joystick
1	Large screen, one-touch volume control, concealment joystick
0	doesn't hold charge as long as i would like.
0	hold doesn't charge as long as i would like.
0	obvious manufacture cost cutting, lousy workmanship
0	obvious manufacture cost cutting, lousy craftsmanship
0	No faceplates, freezes up about one daily, top left light never stops blinking
0	stoppage No faceplates, freezes up about one daily, top left light never stops blinking
1	Easy use
1	use Easy
1	Great Price, Easy to Use
1	Great Price, to Use
1	easy, clear, hi-res, mini-video camera too
1	easy,, hi-res, mini-video camera too
1	Low price.  Convenient size and shape.
1	Low Convenient.  price size and shape.
1	Great pictures, easy to use, lot's of bang for the buck
1	Great pictures, easy to bang, lot's of use for the buck
1	Great speakerphone, SMS keyboard, bright color display, great battery.
1	Great speakerphone, SMS keyboard, bright color display, great MSc battery.
1	floppy disk use; easy deletion; solarizing flowers is beautiful!
1	deletion disk use; easy floppy; solarizing flowers is beautiful!
1	Looks are great on this phone. Great video camera.
1	camera are great on this phone. Great video Looks.
0	don't have any
0	don't have any
0	No Cables are included
0	No are included
1	Good buy, good performance
1	Good performance, good buy
1	Turns easily, stable, comfortable, rugged, reliable.
1	Turns easily, stable, rugged, comfortable, reliable.
1	easy to use great quality photos
1	easy to use great consumption quality photos
1	Ease of use, call clarity, neat "extra features"
1	Ease uncloudedness of use, call clarity, neat "extra features"
1	Great pictures, cheap and easy media, high storage capacity
1	Great pictures, cheap and easy media, meretricious high storage capacity
1	small, light, small, light, small...
1	small, light, small,, small...
1	No film, No film developing costs, convenience
1	No film, No take developing costs, convenience
0	none
0	none
0	battery life could be longer
0	battery life could tenacious be longer
1	Awesome Color Screen, very light; good show-off phone
1	Awesome coloring Screen, very light; good show-off phone
1	Reasonable price, lots of manual options, Olympus quality.
1	Reasonable price, lots Olympus manual options, of quality.
1	Affordability. Speed. Simplicity. Print quality. Quietness. Ink-replacement ease, affordability. Parallel-port/USB options.
1	Affordability. Speed. Simplicity. Print quality. Quietness. Ink-replacement ease, affordability. Parallel-port/options USB.
1	Small, feature packed, intuitive operation
1	Small, packed feature, intuitive operation
1	little, Compact Flash card, functions, software
1	little, succinct Flash card, functions, software
1	Ease of use, the menu feature, automatic settings and usb connectivity. 
1	rest of use, the menu feature, automatic scope and usb connectivity. 
0	More features than I need,
0	More features than I motivation,
1	Excellent Colors, Decent Macro Photos, Very Compact and Quick to Launch
1	Excellent Colors, Decent Macro to, Very Compact and Quick Photos Launch
0	No zoom, no lens cover (might scratch)
0	No zoom, lens cover (might scratch)
0	Short battery life &amp; battery cover problem, bulky, no lens cover, picture saving&amp;loading slow
0	&amp; battery cover problem, bulky, no lens cover, picture saving&amp;loading slow
0	battery is somewhat weak, files take up a lot of RAM
0	battery is somewhat weak, files ampere take up a lot of RAM
0	size - a little larger than most
0	size - a most larger than little
0	none at this time
0	none at this meter
0	can't handle too many fumbles
0	can't palm too many fumbles
0	image storage speed (slow), autofocus speed (slow)
0	storage image speed (slow), autofocus speed (slow)
0	Too many to list. 
0	Too many to besides list. 
0	the power button is too small
0	the button is too small
1	Inexpensive, fast, great prints
1	prints, fast, great Inexpensive
0	only 8M memory stick, have to hold very still when using moon light shot
0	only 8M memory have, stick to hold very still when using moon light shot
1	Four high-quality functions in one unit.  Excellent quality copies.
1	high-quality Four functions in one unit.  Excellent quality copies.
1	Great resolution, easy to use (point and click)!!
1	swell resolution, easy to use (point and click)!!
1	good menu interface, durable, no static,&#13;&#10;can fit in pocket
1	good static interface, durable, no menu,&#13;&#10;can fit in pocket
1	Superb resolution quality images, good price, USB, panorama, up to ISO 400
1	Superb resoluteness quality images, expert price, USB, panorama, up to ISO 400
0	Never know when it will work
0	Never know when work will it
0	none
0	none
1	Great Print Quality
1	Print Quality
0	Larger than average size
0	Larger bigger than average size
1	fast, quiet, excellent output, compact, sturdy, USB or parallel, Dos compatible
1	fast, quiet, excellent output,,, USB or parallel, Dos compatible
0	Price tag, very confusing menu, uncomfortable feel, plastic antenna, SMALL screen and stiff buttons
0	Price tag, very menu, uncomfortable feel, plastic antenna, SMALL and stiff buttons
0	For new users menu is a bit confusing. Just read the manual!
0	For new users menu is a bit discombobulate. equitable read the manual!
0	Poor quality indoors or in low light--Flash doesn't help much
0	Poor quality indoors or in doesn't help much
1	Customized ringer, speaker monitor, better earpiece and good, solid phone for the price.
1	Customized ringer, good monitor, better earpiece and speaker, solid phone for the price.
0	the flash
0	twinkle the flash
0	uses much ink, may be cloggy
0	employ much ink, may be cloggy
0	poor optical zoom, when digital zoom low quality
0	poor optical zoom, quality digital zoom low when
1	Great images, software, and most of all great price for the quality.
1	Great images, software, and most of price great all for the quality.
0	 Prints slowly and uses a lot of ink.
0	 uses slowly and Prints a lot of ink.
0	not the best out there
0	not the out best there
1	Compact, elegant design; easy to setup and operate; good print quality
1	Compact, elegant design; easy to setup and compact operate; good print quality
1	crazily durable. NEVER breaks. pretty, cheesy graphics. think flowers and sunny skies.
1	crazily durable. NEVER violate. pretty, cheesy graphics. imagine flowers and sunny skies.
0	Found nothing negative
0	Found nothing 
0	NONE
0	none
1	Long Battery Life, Nice Size, Great Design, Walke Talkie, Most Normal Features, Cheap
1	long barrage Life, Nice Size, Great Design, Walke Talkie, Most Normal Features, Cheap
1	Quiet, paper lays flat, nice big ink tanks, fast. 
1	Quiet, paper put flat, nice big ink tanks, fast. 
0	worst user interface of any phone I have ever used
0	worst user interface exploiter of any phone I have ever used
1	COLOR, eye catcher, design, midi rings, photos on the screen
1	COLOR, rings catcher, design, midi eye, photos on the screen
1	Excellent pictures, great battery life, ease of use
1	Excellent pictures, bombardment great battery life, ease of use
1	small size, clarity
1	small size, uncloudedness
1	compact size, high quality pictures, excellent battery life
1	compact size, high aliveness quality pictures, excellent battery life
1	picture quality, ease of use, clear LCD screen, compact, durable-even when wet.
1	picture quality, ease of crystallise use, clear LCD screen, compact, durable-even when wet.
1	small easy to carry around
1	small easy to carry lowly around
0	Sound could be better.
0	Sound could better be.
1	High quality pictures, very economical, many features and great user manual.
1	High quality pictures, very, many features and great user.
1	Lightweight, reclines, can transport an older child on the back, durable.
1	Lightweight, reclines, back transport an older child on the can, durable.
0	poor paper feeder
0	short paper feeder
1	Speed, versatility, networking
1	Speed, versatility, 
1	Very good camera with versatile lens attachments, built in flash system.
1	Very skilful camera with versatile lens attachments, built in dart system.
1	Price
1	Price
1	All around excellent
1	All approximately around excellent
0	Software not XP compatible, scanner is slow and scan quality not up to par
0	Software not XP compatible, scanner is boring and scan prize not up to par
1	Beautiful pictures
1	pictures Beautiful
0	Cost&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	13&amp;#Cost;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	None.
0	none None.
1	Durable, lightweight, easy to use
1	Durable, lightweight, slowly to use
0	Ink replacement
0	Ink ink replacement
1	Decent battery life.
1	Decent battery aliveness life.
0	Pricey- the the lower priced models do just as well.
0	Pricey- the the lower priced mannequin do just as easily.
1	It was FREE, (only reason I got it)
1	It was FREE, (only I got it)
0	Poor focus on close objects, poor long distance optical zoom.
0	Poor long on close objects, poor focus distance optical zoom.
0	lack of a LCD
0	lack of LCD
0	falsely advertised -- printer is not compatible with MS Word, Appleworks, Final Draft
0	falsely advertise -- printer is not compatible with Mississippi Word, Appleworks, Final Draft
1	Great image quality, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity!
1	Great fancy tone, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity!
1	Very good resolution quality
1	Very upright good resolution quality
1	Great output and scanning, easy to use and setup, cleans up your computer desk!
1	Great output and scanning, loose to use and apparatus, cleans up your computer desk!
0	wait time between pictures, requires batteries
0	wait batteries between pictures, requires time
0	Loading paper a hassle
0	paper a hassle
0	It does not cook my breakfast!
0	It does not my breakfast!
1	Has a great color internal LCD screen.
1	Has a great adenine color internal LCD screen.
1	Easy to use!
1	Easy utilization to use!
0	Expensive , expensive additional battery ,  small size Compact flash memory  card
0	Expensive , expensive additional battery ,  small size compact flash storage  card
0	batteries run out quickly
0	batteries run speedily out quickly
1	Great Picture Quality, compact
1	Great Picture Quality, compress
0	have not found anything wrong with this phone yet
0	have not found anything ill-timed with this phone yet
0	With 420EX flash the camera feels badly balanced
0	With 420EX fanfare the camera feels badly balanced
0	Difficult downloading, occasional glitches in performance, tacky flashcard door
0	occasional downloading, Difficult glitches in performance, tacky flashcard door
1	Price/Performance
1	Price/operation
1	Small & Compact, Sleek, Stylish, Functional & Practical (During its Life Span), Some Good Features
1	Small & Some, Sleek, Stylish, Functional & Practical (During its Life Span), Compact Good Features
0	Slow Capture time! Slow flash recharge time, marginal software, and small viewer.
0	Slow Capture time! Slow marginal recharge time, flash software, and small viewer.
1	Prints fast and quietly and never fails
1	Prints fast fails quietly and never and
0	LCD screen has failed on two of my Kyocera 2235's; cheap build quality
0	LCD screen failed two of my Kyocera 2235's; cheap build quality
1	ease of use, versatility
1	ease of utilisation use, versatility
1	great 8x10 photos, slots for Smart Media/Compact Flash, 4x6 and 8.5x11 trays, quiet, FAST.
1	great 8x10 Media, slots for Smart photos/Compact 4x6, Flash and 8.5x11 trays, quiet, FAST.
0	Poor download time
0	pathetic download time
0	Can be slightly uncomfortable in pocket, hard to reach volume control
0	Can be slightly uncomfortable in tough pocket, hard to reach volume control
0	uses a lot of batteries, menu confusing at first
0	uses a circle of batteries, menu confusing at first
1	Extremely portable, External color LCD light, Good reception, Daily planner
1	Extremely portable, External color planner light, Good reception, Daily LCD
1	great photos. zoom. easy use.
1	big photos. zoom. easy use.
0	No easy volume controls
0	controls easy volume No
1	Intended functionality.
1	Intended.
1	Affordable, Reliable
1	Reliable, Affordable
1	Smaller phone with all the features
1	Smaller phone with the features
1	lightweight, easy to fold, wheels conveniently spaced for stair climbing
1	lightweight, easy to soft fold, wheels conveniently spaced for stair climbing
0	A bit heavy, front cover a bit "weak", no battery indicator
0	A bit heavy, front cover a bit "weak", nobelium no battery indicator
0	Paper jams, double-feeds, printing envelopes
0	Paper enwrap jams, double-feeds, printing envelopes
1	Good clarity, ease of use, and nicely designed.
1	Good clarity, ease of nicely, and use designed.
0	delay between button pushed and photo taken, sometimes flash doesn't engage on auto-flash
0	along delay between button pushed and photo taken, sometimes flash doesn't engage on auto-flash
1	Outstanding reception, easy to use.
1	Outstanding reception, expend easy to use.
0	none of significance
0	none of implication
1	Small, easy to operate, good service
1	Small, easy to operate, estimable service
0	Can be slow, ink smears until dry (not unique to this printer).
0	Can be slow, ink smears dry (not unique this printer).
1	Size, easy folding, price
1	Size, easy, price
0	Will not fit in the truck of an Escort
0	Will not fit in the AN truck of an Escort
0	sound and battery
0	shelling sound and battery
1	Sleek design, good sound, camera with flash
1	Sleek design, good flash, camera with sound
1	easy cheap quick and a lot of fun 
1	easy cheap quick pot and a lot of fun 
0	weight, form factor, backlight
0	form, weight factor, backlight
0	no viewfinder
0	no finder
1	small, lightweight, excellent photo quality, comes with rechargeable batteries, color, black and white or panoramic shots
1	small, lightweight, photo quality, with rechargeable, color, black and white or panoramic shots
1	10x zoom, good high-light pictures, uses AA batteries, 
1	10x zoom, good high-light pictures, uses whizz AA batteries, 
0	Low sound volume, limited headphone options, useless in the sunshine
0	Low sound limited, volume headphone options, useless in the sunshine
1	Walkie Talkie function is very handy
1	handy Talkie function is very Walkie
1	Easy! interface!
1	Easy!!
0	Low Memory, expensive, no distance range, etc etc
0	Low Memory, expensive, no distance range, retentivity etc etc
1	Solid software/drivers; very very fast
1	Solid software/drivers; real very very fast
0	Battery life is short, slow recharge between picture shots
0	life is short, slow recharge between picture shots
0	Service sucks, feels and sounds like a Walkie-talkie, Size, ugly.
0	Service feels, sucks and sounds like a Walkie-talkie, Size, ugly.
1	No more hassling with taking in and paying for film
1	No more hassling with taking in nobelium and paying for film
0	No cons that I've encountered!
0	No cons encountered I've that!
1	Size, weight, large display, stylish
1	Size, weight, enceinte display, stylish
1	Cheap
1	crummy
0	Blurry and out of focus on shots taken indoors
0	bleary Blurry and out of focus on shots taken indoors
0	not a one
0	not a unitary
1	One unit into one , fast, and great product.
1	One unit into one ,, and great product.
1	Cheap, compact, decent print quality when it works, did i say cheap?
1	Cheap, compact, decent print exercise quality when it works, did i say cheap?
0	It quit working after three days and no replacement possible.
0	It quit No working after three days and no replacement possible.
0	very hard to figure out how to work
0	very hard to anatomy figure out how to work
1	Solitaire, small and portable
1	Solitaire, lowly and portable
0	Wish it had a lens cap.
0	Wish it had a lens.
0	Rather short actual battery length, has non-standard headset jack
0	Rather short factual battery length, has non-standard headset jack
0	Features make it complicated to use.
0	make it complicated to use.
1	EASY to use! Idiot proof! Just like the commercial.
1	EASY to use! proof! Just like the commercial.
0	TINY ink wells, expensive refills, noisy print action.
0	TINY ink wells, expensive sue refills, noisy print action.
1	radio
1	radiocommunication
0	brakes failed, hood leaks, plastic latches on hood broken - all after 4 months
0	brakes failed, hood leaks, plastic latches on punk broken - all after IV months
0	waste space.
0	waste blank space.
0	Static, dropped calls, unpredictable ring tones
0	tones, dropped calls, unpredictable ring Static
0	screen crackedtwice in onemonth i've owned it, light stays onfor 13secs+cant change, pricey(at Cingular), textingmaybecomeaddictive
0	screen crackedtwice onemonth i've owned it, light stays onfor+cant change, pricey(at Cingular), 
0	somewhat complicated in manual mode, short flash range, relatively short battery life
0	somewhat complicated in manual bombardment mode, short flash range, relatively short battery life
0	No universal baby seat bar so you have to use their inferior seat.
0	No use baby seat bar so you have to universal their inferior seat.
1	Excellent print quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of use
1	Excellent print quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;select Ease of use
0	The flash is always on, flash in big rooms not sufficient
0	The flash always on, flash in big not sufficient
0	&lt;b&gt;TINY LCD, EXPENSIVE COMPARED TO OTHER 2 MEGAPIXEL CAMERAS&lt;/b&gt;
0	&lt;b&gt;TINY gt, EXPENSIVE COMPARED TO OTHER 2 b CAMERAS&lt;/MEGAPIXEL&LCD;
0	One word- Batteries.
0	One Batteries.
1	Flat-bed scanner
1	scanner Flat-bed
0	Expensive
0	Expensive
0	No optical zoom; poor LCD; battery &amp;quot;hog&amp;quot;; barely 1 Megapixel; flash is insufficient indoors
0	No optical zoom; poor grunter LCD; battery &amp;quot;hog&amp;quot;; hog barely 1 Megapixel; flash is insufficient indoors
1	easy to use, great output
1	easy to practice, great output
1	compact size &amp; settings galore
1	compact size &amp; galore
1	Easy to use, portable, efficient &amp; entertaining
1	Easy to use, portable, efficient &amp; 
1	Great image quality, affordable, loads of features
1	Great image quality, affordable, lots of features
1	Compact size, Durable case, Many Features, Easy to Use
1	Compact Use, Durable case, Many Features, Easy to size
0	no a/c adapter, should come with a neck strap instead of wrist strap.
0	no a/c adapter, come with a neck strap instead of strap.
1	Six paints cartridge, great quality, magnificent details, good software
1	Six paints cartridge, great, magnificent details, good software
0	large, heavy, no color screen
0	large, heavy, no color 
1	good cheap stroller
1	good cheap loud stroller
1	A+ for stylish. Amazingly lightweight. Shoulder strap is perfect.
1	A+ for stylish. Amazingly lightweight. Shoulder is perfect.
1	Pocket size, color screen, Bluetooth capability, outstanding battery life.
1	Pocket size, screen, Bluetooth capability, outstanding battery life.
0	I am staying up nights, trying to think of some cons, but no luck yet.
0	I am staying up nights, nerve-racking to think of some memorize, but no fortune yet.
1	looks nice, easy to maneuver, different seating positions
1	looks nice, easy to maneuver, seating positions
1	awesome quality pictures, easy to use, downloads fast
1	quality awesome pictures, easy to use, downloads fast
1	Great concept
1	big concept
0	Have to buy a longer-lasting battery than the one included
0	Have to buy a longer-lasting battery than one 
0	Only works with Windows
0	Only with Windows
1	Very compact and light
1	Very bundle and light
0	Fax problem
0	job Fax problem
1	easy use
1	use easy
0	None
0	none
0	Too Much To Do
0	Too practically To Do
0	No Usb, LCD Sucks In Sunlight
0	LCD Usb, No Sucks In Sunlight
1	Size, portability, hi-rez, MPeg options, USB, Li-Ion battery
1	Size, portability, hi-rez, MPeg pick, USB, Li-Ion battery
1	Quick, easy installation, good print
1	Quick, easy installation, initiation good print
1	great colored screen, stylish, and compact
1	great colored fashionable screen, stylish, and compact
1	Small and suprisingly heavy!
1	Small and fleshy suprisingly heavy!
0	Lacks the digital camera and Bluetooth
0	Lacks the digital camera and Bluetooth
1	good for beginners
1	good beginners
1	Small, Nice Color Screen, Looks Cool.
1	Small, Nice Color Screen, Looks aplomb.
1	Fast transfer to pc with USB included.
1	Fast transfer pc with USB included.
0	Expensive.
0	Expensive.
1	Affordable, 3x optical zoom, excellent 4x6 prints without film
1	Affordable, 3x optical zoom, 4x6 prints without film
0	annoying Mac software, networkability
0	annoying Mac networkability, software
1	Pretty darn good photo output with good color range on multiple media types
1	Pretty darn good photo good color range on multiple media types
1	nice small little phone...
1	nice small picayune phone...
0	screen gets dusty and u cant clean some things unclear in manual
0	screen gets dusty and u clean cant some things unclear in manual
0	Too many settings require going through menus on the LCD
0	Too many settings menu require going through menus on the LCD
0	n/a
0	/a
0	Bulky, Fast Battery
0	Bulky, dissolute Battery
1	Incredible detail and color saturation
1	Incredible detail color saturation
1	great external speaker ,plays mp3 ringtones ,good camera ,has gprs and mms
1	great external speaker ,plays mp3 ringtones ,good camera ,has gprs 
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
1	Bluetooth, large color discolor screen and ample memory
0	design of phone, gets lots or scratches quickly!
0	design phone, gets lots or scratches quickly!
1	Small, cute
1	cute, Small
1	Flexibility, tri-band, appearance, reasonable price
1	price, tri-band, appearance, reasonable Flexibility
0	battery life, lack of memory
0	lack life, battery of memory
0	practically drinks ink
0	practically much drinks ink
1	easy to operate and affordable
1	easy to operate affordable
0	slow, not the sharpest text it the world
0	slow, not the sharpest it the world
0	None.
0	None.
0	Controls are basic, no ac adapter
0	Controls adapter basic, no ac are
1	can take some abuse, loaded with features
1	can acquire some abuse, loaded with features
0	Seems to break easily
0	Seems to separate easily
0	Amongst others, the complexity and headaches encountered through selectivity of multi-NAM applications.
0	Amongst headaches, the complexity and others encountered through selectivity of multi-NAM applications.
1	Handy, simple to use
1	Handy, simple to practice
1	It is cool looking
1	It is depend cool looking
1	Price and quality
1	toll Price and quality
0	No Borderless prints! 
0	Borderless No prints! 
1	No internal memory (uses cards), lightweight, compact, easy to use
1	No internal memory (manipulation cards), lightweight, constrict, easy to use
0	kind of pricey
0	kind pricey of
0	None, except no internet.
0	None, except no net.
1	Trimode (Analog/Digital/PCS), easy to use, perfect for high school/college students
1	(Analog/Digital/PCS), easy to use, perfect for high school/college 
0	Weak packaging options - must make critical decisions before purchase!
0	Weak packaging options - must make critical before decisions purchase!
1	Lots of helpful features. Super reception & easy to use.
1	scores of helpful features. Super reception & easy to use.
0	Battery life
0	Battery 
1	sweet and small
1	and small
0	Internal flash, Time lag for the trigger
0	clock Internal flash, Time lag for the trigger
1	Macro lense allows photos as close as 3 inches.
1	as lense allows photos Macro close as 3 inches.
1	Good quality pictures
1	Good serious quality pictures
1	Many seemingly nifty features
1	Many features nifty seemingly
0	very inconsistent, low print quality, slow!
0	very inconsistent, low print quality,!
0	crappy graphic, poor and expensive tech support
0	crappy and, poor graphic expensive tech support
1	Lightweight, Compact compared to other Nextel phones
1	, Compact compared to other Nextel phones
1	it is very easy to use simple instructions
1	it is very easy to simple instructions
1	Lots of features, small
1	Lots of features, loads small
0	Camera light's a joke.  Buddy's a rat.  What, all this stuff and no Bluetooth?
0	Camera light's a joke.  Buddy's a fink.  What, all this gourmandize and no Bluetooth?
1	Easy to use, good photos, USB, 3x Optical zoom, excellent value
1	Easy use, good photos, USB, 3x Optical zoom, excellent 
1	Quality printing,easy to use,affordable ink
1	Quality printing,easygoing easy to use,affordable ink
1	Beautiful output, when it works
1	Beautiful output, when it play
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	Better than the V710 but placid not perfrect.
0	No memory chip.
0	store No memory chip.
0	ringtones - doesn't support midi ringtones, side buttons can be pressed easily when in pocket.
0	ringtones - doesn't midi ringtones, side buttons can be easily when in pocket.
0	Somewhat delicate, not given rechargeable batteries (as provided with some of the Fuji FinePix models)
0	Somewhat delicate, given batteries (as provided with some of the Fuji FinePix)
1	Easy to use
1	easily Easy to use
0	Price of Cartridges Somewhat High (Can use refill kits to offset)
0	Cartridges of Price Somewhat High (Can use refill kits to offset)
1	Color Screen, Interesting Keypad, Ringer Selection and Sound
1	Color Screen, effectual Interesting Keypad, Ringer Selection and Sound
1	Durable. Lots of storage. Gets the job done.
1	Durable. Lots of storage. arrive the job done.
0	Very large-hogs alot of car space, not very "cute" patterns.
0	Very large-hogs alot cute car space, not very "of" patterns.
0	should have bought it sooner
0	should Oklahoman have bought it sooner
0	The price might be the biggest turnoff!
0	The price might be biggest the turnoff!
1	Ease of use, quality pictures, selectivity of pictures
1	of use, quality pictures, selectivity of pictures
1	2400x1200!!  Feature packed
1	2400x1200!!  packed Feature
0	*Extremely slow menu &#13;&#10;*No calendar&#13;&#10;*The flip cover can easily get ruined&#13;&#10;*Can't decline calls
0	*Extremely slow &#13;&#;* calendar&#;&#10;*The flip cover can easily get ruined&#13;&#10;*Can't decline calls
1	Great design, and wheels, comfortable, easy to push
1	Great design, and to, comfortable, easy wheels push
1	good programs, and makes great pictures, $50 dollar rebate
1	good programs, and 50 great pictures, $makes dollar rebate
1	Ease of use, photo quality, movies with sound, zoom, fast recharge, features
1	Ease of use, photo quality, movies with healthy, zoom, flying recharge, features
1	Superb image quality, bevy of features,ability to use multiple card formats
1	Superb quality, bevy features,ability to use multiple card formats
1	Color screen, looks cool, menu system, small.
1	Color screen, looks system, menu cool, small.
0	Obscure lens, not alot control
0	Obscure lens, non not alot control
1	Affordable - Easy to use &#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	Affordable - xiii Easy to use &#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	Easy to use; Good indoor/outdoor quality; Good color/picture quality
1	Easy to use; serious indoor/outdoor quality; Good color/painting quality
0	Thank you very much!
0	you Thank very much!
0	a little more storage needed
0	a little storage more needed
0	Price, flimsy (useless?) antenna
0	cost, flimsy (useless?) antenna
0	NONE
0	none
1	mpeg movie opiton w/ video out, 2.8x zoom, fun little camera
1	mpeg movie opiton w/ telecasting out, 2.8x zoom, fun footling camera
1	excellent picture quality
1	excellent timbre picture quality
0	Battery drainer
0	drainer
1	- small
1	- modest
0	Slight picture delay. Memory card xD very small can be easily lost.  Camera is bulky
0	delay picture Slight. Memory card xD very small can be Camera lost.  easily is bulky
0	Replacement ink cartridges are expensive
0	replacement ink cartridges are expensive
1	Great picture quality. Compact size.
1	Great picture select. Compact size.
0	small bundled memory (8MB)
0	small minuscule bundled memory (8MB)
1	small, affordable, stylish, replaceable front AND back covers, music composer, much more
1	small, affordable, stylish, replaceable forepart AND rachis covers, music composer, much more
1	good color
1	good colourise color
1	Great picture quality, easy to use
1	to picture quality, easy Great use
0	Ring volume/quality, inside display, desktop charger, blue keypad lights, small inner screen
0	Ring volume/interior quality, inside display, desktop charger, blue keypad lights, small inner screen
0	Unnecessarily noisy at times.
0	Unnecessarily at noisy times.
0	That it can sometimes get a little out of control
0	That it can sometimes drive a little out of verify
1	Good quality images and hardware, Nice ergonomic design, 3X optical zoom
1	Good quality images and hardware, optical ergonomic design, 3X Nice zoom
0	Doesn't take photos well at night.
0	night take photos well at Doesn't.
1	Tiny, tons of features, you can customize it, user friendly.
1	Tiny, tons of, you can it, user friendly.
0	none
0	none
1	Lots of nice features.
1	of Lots nice features.
1	Almost everything
1	virtually everything
1	Packed with features, tools, and accessories.
1	Packed with features, creature, and accessories.
1	This printer does everything you could want.
1	This printer does everything you could require.
0	goes through the battery's
0	goes through the 
1	Easy to use
1	Easy use to
0	Eats the Ink!
0	Eats Ink!
1	High Quality, speed, controllability
1	High richly Quality, speed, controllability
0	None to date
0	None to see
1	Economical, great print quality, fast, user-friendly, mac compliant, great support, USB, great paper handling, great output, quiet, automatic sleep mode
1	Economical, great print quality, fast, user-friendly, mac compliant, great patronage, USB, heavy paper handling, great output, quiet, automatic rest modality
0	expensive for a 2 megapixel camera, no carrying case included, small compactflash included
0	expensive for a 2 megapixel camera, no carrying case included, lowly compactflash admit
1	Portable, easy to use
1	Portable, easy use to
1	Simplicity Simplicity Simplicity
1	simplicity Simplicity Simplicity
0	Expensive initial investment
0	initial Expensive investment
1	1-High Res camera at a great price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;2-Great Kodak support in education and quality
1	1-High Res camera at a great price&amp;#ampere 13;&amp;#10;2-Great Kodak support in education and inwards quality
1	Easy to take pictures and download them.
1	take to Easy pictures and download them.
0	Still only a 2.1mp camera and comes with only 8mb card.
0	calm only a 2.1mp camera and comes with only 8mb wag.
0	need a high quality printer, distance pictures tend to be fuzzy
0	need a gamey caliber printer, distance pictures tend to be fuzzy
0	wish it were even smaller! Be careful, minutes go quickly while surfing!
0	wish were even! Be careful, minutes go quickly while surfing!
0	None
0	None
1	great phone. has tons of features
1	great phone. tons has of features
1	Small size, great features, good quality
1	Small size, great diminished features, good quality
1	Cheap. 
1	brassy Cheap. 
0	Durability, small internal memory, battery life, no optical zoom, viewfinder, dock not needed.
0	Durability, small internal memory, battery life, no optical zoom,, dock not.
1	Very fast, quiet printer
1	Very selfsame fast, quiet printer
0	Flimsy construction. Little overall compression strength.
0	Flimsy construction. Little boilersuit overall compression strength.
1	Print speed and quality, excellent
1	Print speed and, excellent
1	Very useful product
1	Very useful utile product
1	Easy to Use, Great Quality, All that you'd expect from an HP
1	Easy to Use, Great Quality, you'd expect from an HP
0	yt
0	yt
0	heavy, handle can be awkward
0	heavy, can be awkward
0	ink is expensive, sometimes screws up pages
0	screws is expensive, sometimes ink up pages
0	Side buttons, Bad reception, Dropped calls
0	buttons, Bad reception, Dropped calls
0	2X OPTICAL, BATTERY LIFE
0	2X OPTICAL, BATTERY living
0	reception, color, weight, low volume
0	reception, color,, low volume
0	HQ Video Only Lasts 15 seconds, only 8 mb stick included
0	HQ Video Only Lasts 15 seconds, only 8 mb joystick include
1	Simple enough for any nitwit to set up (myself included) 
1	enough Simple for any nitwit to set up (myself included) 
0	Smaller battery so shorter battery life thank larger phones.
0	Smaller battery so shorter battery lifetime thank larger phones.
0	few games preloaded, no real power save mode/power consumption
0	few games preloaded, no real power save modality/exponent consumption
1	internal antenna, free with plan
1	antenna internal, free with plan
0	Reception poor at times, no internet access
0	Reception poor at, no internet access
1	small and portable
1	small portable
1	Image, Speed, Quality, and great Customer Service
1	Image, Speed, Quality, and great client Service
0	Price, difficulty hearing, heats up, games, basic features
0	Price, features hearing, heats up, games, basic difficulty
0	Little zoom, using LCD eats up batteries fast
0	Little zoom, using LCD upwards eats up batteries fast
1	At least you can read what it prints
1	At least you can read it prints
0	Memory
0	Memory
0	Paper mis-feeds paper occasionally
0	report Paper mis-feeds paper occasionally
0	discontinued
0	discontinued
1	Color screen. Nice basic accessories. Easy to navigate, and to spell out names. Fun games.
1	Color navigate. Nice basic accessories. Easy to screen, to and spell out names. Fun games.
1	small, light, new features, and very cool looking
1	, light, new features, and very cool looking
1	Massive Storage and ability to view on PC without card readers or docking units
1	Massive Storage and to view on PC without card readers docking units
1	stylish
1	fashionable stylish
1	Quality &amp; price makes this worth the purchase.
1	Quality &amp; price form this worth the purchase.
0	no case , i bought my own, 
0	no case , i my own, 
0	Keypad sucks, there are no "smartKeys", too much has to be done thru menus.
0	breastfeed Keypad sucks, there are no "smartKeys", too much has to be done thru menus.
1	good image quality, nice size, easy to use, LCD display, good price
1	good image quality, nice size, easy to exhibit use, LCD display, good price
1	Small, Internal Antenna, Customizable
1	Small, Antenna, Customizable
0	Priced a bit high, but now well within reason, lacks advanced PDA features
0	Priced a bit high, but now organiser well within reason, lacks advanced PDA features
0	less pixels than other models, so less picture quality when printed out
0	less pixels than picture models, so less other quality when printed out
0	volume, accidental button push, display
0	inadvertent volume, accidental button push, display
0	A few minor quirks detailed in the review
0	A few minor quirks in detailed the review
0	could be smaller, no good covers for it
0	could be smaller, no good covers for proficient it
0	Mode and select buttons are very small.
0	Mode and select buttons are very pocket-sized.
0	Not too many options
0	Not too many 
0	Wish it could take an MPEG longer than 60 seconds.
0	Wish it could an MPEG longer 60 seconds.
1	Size, battery life, software
1	Size, battery life-time, software
1	Ease of use, size, great pictures, cool design
1	Ease of use, design, great pictures, cool size
0	Voice Recognition on only 20 out of 100 phonebook entries.
0	Voice Recognition only on 20 out of 100 phonebook entries.
0	Reception, build quality
0	Reception, build reception quality
1	wide variety of face plates, easy to use, not very big, tons of features
1	wide variety of face plates, wanton easy to use, not very big, tons of features
1	It was cheap.
1	was cheap.
0	no ac adapter
0	adapter ac no
0	ONLY A FEW VERY MINOR THINGS...READ Descrip
0	ONLY A FEW VERY alone MINOR THINGS...READ Descrip
1	Clarity, ringtones, attached phone, weight, size, battery life.
1	clarity, ringtones, attached phone, weight, size, battery life.
0	Buttons can be better
0	Buttons be better
1	Absolutely wonderful for accommodating twins and their car seats with special attachment bar!
1	Absolutely wonderful for accommodating twins their car seats with special bar!
1	Price and maybe size
1	toll and maybe size
0	resolution not best  if you want to make 8x10's
0	resolution not desire best  if you want to make 8x10's
0	You need to buy extra memory; no case
0	No You need to buy extra memory; no case
0	Not credible in point and shoot mode, requires lots of fiddling for best results.
0	Not credible in best and shoot mode, requires lots of fiddling for point results.
1	Ease of use, features 
1	Ease use, features 
1	Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
1	Good 'feel phone' and sound quality.
0	Photos are not clear, noisy operation, software needs improvement, reliability questionable.
0	Photos are not clear, noisy operation, refutable software needs improvement, reliability questionable.
1	Innovative Media Storage, Nice Photo features, Great Zoom and View Finder
1	innovative Media Storage, Nice Photo features, Great Zoom and sentiment Finder
0	size
0	size
0	Horrible quality of indoor pics, hard to delete pics
0	Horrible quality of indoor pics, hard to delete tone pics
1	Can take digital pictures as well as short videos.
1	digital take Can pictures as well as short videos.
0	Memory stick (digital film) included with camera is only 4 mb, too small
0	Memory stick (digital film) included with camera is 4 mb, small
0	Doesn't fit in your pocket!
0	Doesn't primed fit in your pocket!
0	Everything else but the battery life.
0	Everything else but the barrage life.
1	Ease of use, quality, floppy disk storage
1	Ease of use, quality, floppy storage disk
0	Eats batteries like they are candy!!
0	Eats like they are candy!!
1	Ease of use, Floppy disk for film
1	Ease of use, Floppy disk film for
1	Great print quality, reasonable price
1	Great print quality, timbre reasonable price
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	small, easy to carry, stylish, takes good pictures for the price of the phone
1	small, to carry, stylish, takes good pictures for price of the phone
0	change batteries often, pictures larger than 8x10 loose detail
0	change batteries often, pictures larger than loose detail
0	some bleeding at high res
0	some haemorrhage at high res
0	Music player, expensive Verizon Media downloads.
0	Music player, expensive Verizon Media downloads.
1	Lightweight, attractive, protected lens, internal memory, great zoom, expansion slot.
1	Lightweight, attractive, protected lens, internal memory, great expansion, zoom slot.
1	ease of use, ease of transfer to PC
1	PC of use, ease of transfer to ease
1	light weight, lots of features
1	light weight, lots features
1	can pull in a signal where others can't.
1	can point pull in a signal where others can't.
1	Well constructed
1	constructed Well
1	User-friendly, but at the same time advanced. Design, functions color display.....
1	User-friendly, but at the same time advanced. Design, discolour functions color display.....
1	Excellent quality photos, unlimited, low cost storage
1	Excellent quality photos, unlimited, grim cost storage
1	Inexpensive, crisp copy, and very easy to install.
1	Inexpensive, chip copy, and very easy to install.
0	Weak vibrating option
0	unaccented vibrating option
1	Reliability, color, dpi
1	dependableness, color, dpi
1	see the review
1	see review
0	Noisy, large footprint, high ink use
0	Noisy, use footprint, high ink large
1	GPS, Direct Contect,Java,Very Large Screen
1	GPS, sieve Direct Contect,Java,Very Large Screen
1	CD-R media, view online with any CD ROM, shoot and fire MPEGs
1	CD-R media, persuasion online with any CD ROM, shoot and fire MPEG
1	camera is easy to use, base is SUPERB, great quality still shots
1	camera is great to use, base is SUPERB, easy quality still shots
0	Speaker on my end occasionally buzzes. The other end doesn't seem to hear it though.
0	Speaker on doesn't end occasionally buzzes. to other end my seem The hear it though.
1	takes abuse, easy to use
1	takes easy, abuse to use
1	Easy to use, Reliable
1	slowly to use, Reliable
1	Durable and easy to use
1	Durable and easy use to
1	Great image quality, good text quality, fairly speedy
1	Great image quality, unspoilt text quality, fairly speedy
1	Small, sleek and simply cool
1	Small, slick and simply cool
0	None.
0	none None.
1	Rotating &amp;quot;eye&amp;quot;, Lightweight
1	Rotating &amp;quot;circumvolve eye&amp;quot;, Lightweight
1	None
1	None
1	Works good as modem
1	study good as modem
1	Size, look, vibrate, easy menu
1	Size, look, vibrate, easy carte menu
0	Not compatible with Windows XP
0	Not compatible with Windows 
1	Good picture quality, good price
1	scene Good picture quality, good price
1	Maneuverability, can fit most infant carriers, easy assembly
1	Maneuverability, can convulsion most infant carriers, easy assembly
0	Limited zoom range
0	Limited zoom 
1	none
1	none
0	No optical zoom, port covers flimsy, flash needs recharging time, limited options
0	No optical zoom, port covers flimsy, photoflash indigence recharging time, limited options
1	Quality, speed and price
1	, speed and price
0	Setting up fax
0	Setting fax
1	takes time to save the picture to disk, and if you are saving a MPEG on disk it takes a good 10-30 seconds to write to disk, when trying to capture multiple rapid pictures forget it, very slow.
1	takes time to save the picture to disk, and if you are saving capture MPEG write disk it takes a multiple 10-30 seconds to on to pictures, when trying to a good rapid disk forget it, very slow.
0	Verizon Disabled Features
0	Verizon Disabled boast
0	Rather expensive ink; runs through ink quickly
0	Rather expensive ink; function through ink quickly
0	Battery life could be better
0	life could be better
1	Better reception than a pre-pay, lightweight and good clarity.
1	practiced reception than a pre-pay, lightweight and good clarity.
0	Color ink cartridges are expensive
0	ink cartridges are expensive
0	Picture clarity not as clear as a good 35mm
0	Picture clarity not as well-defined as a good 35mm
1	Compact size
1	size
1	fun to see how pictures look before  you print
1	fun to see how show look before  you print
1	Voice dialing, small, liteweight, easy to use, great sound quality!
1	Voice dialing, small, liteweight, easy to sound, great use quality!
0	If you forget to "Keylock", you'll be dialing without knowing
0	If you leave to "Keylock", you'll be dialing without learned
1	good looking,sexy, attracts attention, flashy
1	good looking,sexy, pull attention, flashy
0	Expensive, Heavy, "Industrial" Look.
0	Heavy, Expensive, "Industrial" Look.
0	Poor games, ringtones, and menu... ONLY 12 LETTERS TO ENTER FOR NAME
0	Poor games, ringtones, and menu... TO 12 LETTERS ONLY ENTER FOR NAME
1	Handling, ease of use, excellent quality
1	excellent, ease of use, Handling quality
0	Anemic 4 mb memory stick and poor battery life
0	Anemic 4 mb memory and poor battery life
0	VERY Hard to Push/Control, Heavy, Huge
0	VERY operose to Push/Control, Heavy, Huge
1	Great value to price, quality, speed, reliability
1	Great swiftness value to price, quality, speed, reliability
0	a little on the expensive side
0	a trivial on the expensive side
1	price, dpi, ease of set up
1	price, dpi, ease of sic up
0	none
0	none
1	Fast, good print quality, versatile, customizable driver, cheap inks
1	Fast, print good quality, versatile, customizable driver, cheap inks
1	affordable ink, affordable printer, long-lasting, no paper jams, easy to install
1	affordable ink, affordable printer, nobelium long-lasting, no paper jams, easy to install
1	Low price, 4 levels of resolution, EZ to use
1	Low price, tetrad 4 levels of resolution, EZ to use
0	Lens doesn't Last.
0	Lens doesn't lens Last.
0	Sucks up the AA's, flash power
0	Sucks up power AA's, flash the
1	Mp3 player, camera, thin phone
1	Mp3 player,, thin phone
0	hate the little antenna
0	hate aerial the little antenna
0	Might excite disdain from observors but what else can last 10 years?  35MM?
0	Might shake contempt from observors but what else can last 10 years?  35MM?
0	Still can not turn off Caller ID
0	Still can not turn Caller ID
1	User interface, image quality
1	User interface, image tone
1	Price.  Durability.
1	Price.  lastingness Durability.
0	Adequate Resolution, LCD-only Viewfinder
0	Adequate Resolution, viewfinder LCD-only Viewfinder
1	Great camera...incredibly easy to use...great quality
1	Great camera...easy incredibly to use...great quality
1	Quiet, attractive, rugged, dependable, quality ink, separate 4x6 tray, superb printouts after software adjustment
1	Quiet, attractive, rugged, dependable, quality ink, separate 4x6 tray, superb printouts after true software adjustment
0	Print quality is lessened unless using expensive paper
0	Print caliber is lessened unless using expensive paper
0	placement of shutter button in front of the power switch... I turn it off often, instead of snapping the picture.  But it's still new to me... I'll get used to it
0	placement of shutter button in front of the power switch... I turn it off often, instead of snapping the picture.  But push it's rather still new to cancelled me... I'll get used to it
1	Uses AA batteries! Feels great in your hands. Good pictures.
1	role AA batteries! Feels great in your hands. Good exposure.
0	No caller ID on mine.
0	No caller ID mine.
1	Lightweight and tiny; large display for its size; web access, calendar, calculator
1	Lightweight and tiny; large display for its jackanapes size; web access, calendar, calculator
0	battery life, heats up a bit while in use, mediocre service(Sprint)
0	battery life, up a bit while in use, service(Sprint)
1	NONE!!!
1	NONE!!!
1	Ease of use, price.
1	Ease of price, use.
0	Only 8Mb Memory Stick supplied
0	Only 8Mb Memory nonplus supplied
1	Features, ease of use and computer interface method
1	Features, ease of have use and computer interface method
0	Horrible picture quality. Weak flash
0	visualise Horrible picture quality. Weak flash
1	Easy to operate.
1	operate to Easy.
1	Fast and Reliable with superb print quality
1	Fast Reliable with superb print quality
1	Call Quality, Earpiece and Handfree volume, Picture Camera, Robust Contacts Application, Built-in Camera
1	Call Quality, Contacts and Handfree volume, Picture Camera, Robust Earpiece Application, Built-in Camera
0	Battery Life is Not Long for One Charge
0	is Life Battery Not Long for One Charge
0	Price, cartridge prices, print speed
0	Price, cartridge prices, speed print
0	Software for prints could be a little easier to use.
0	Software for impress prints could be a little easier to use.
1	Camera, phone book, games, 'internet'
1	Camera, phone Book, games, 'internet'
0	None
0	None
0	Better choices for high-end photo printing
0	easily choices for high-end photo printing
1	Great glossy pictures, letters, newsletters, etc.
1	Great etc pictures, letters, newsletters, glossy.
1	Personalize your ring tones. Small. Great sound when listening to the other party/caller.
1	Personalize your ring tones. Small. Great sound when listening to the other company party/caller.
0	None
0	None
1	Some nice feature
1	dainty Some nice feature
1	signal quality better than i700 - less/no dead zones
1	zones quality better than i700 - less/no dead signal
1	Unlimited storage
1	storage Unlimited
0	Minor Software Glitch, Potentially Confusing Menu
0	Minor Glitch, Potentially Confusing Menu
0	AWFUL BATTERY LIFE, clumsy software full of bugs
0	AWFUL tremendous BATTERY LIFE, clumsy software full of bugs
0	Eats batteries.  
0	Eats.  
0	problems with reliable reception.
0	problems with reliable response.
1	A PDA and Phone all in one!
1	amp PDA and Phone all in one!
0	will frezze if you use to much space, Too basic for a phone junkie downloader
0	will frezze you use to much space, Too basic for a junkie 
1	Good print quality, inexpensive, can be upgraded
1	Good quality, inexpensive, can be upgraded
1	Affordable
1	affordable
1	Excellent picture quality. Ability to record live motion video w/audio.
1	Excellent quality. Ability to live motion video w/audio.
0	cost. alittle  high but  worth it
0	. alittle  high but  worth it
0	So-so software, low resolution
0	resolution software, low So-so
0	Small basket, a bit tricky to collapse.
0	Small basket, a prick tricky to collapse.
0	not for pros, no included adapter or case, digital zoom lacks definition
0	not for pros, no No included adapter or case, digital zoom lacks definition
0	Poor signal acquisition.
0	Poor sign acquisition.
1	Easy to use, uses floppy discs
1	exercise Easy to use, uses floppy discs
1	Price, reliability, toner save feature, great workmanship
1	Price, reliability, toner save feature, damage great workmanship
1	Car seat snaps right into stroller so baby stays undisturbed
1	Car seat snaps keister right into stroller so baby stays undisturbed
0	Pricey, battery life, can't remove default pictures
0	Pricey, battery life, remove default pictures
1	resolution, tonal balance, 4 megapixels, 3X zoom, internal processing controls, excellent build quality
1	resolution, tonal balance, 4 megapixels, treat 3X zoom, internal processing controls, excellent build quality
0	prints only one sheet at at time.
0	prints only one sheet at lonesome at time.
0	No color screen, not as many "cool" features as a GSM phone.
0	No color screen, not as many "cool" features as nobelium a GSM phone.
1	All metal body, compact size, easy to use - and 5 megapixel quality
1	All metal body, pack size, prosperous to use - and 5 megapixel quality
0	Locks up occasionally. Limited zoom capability. No USB. No lens cover. Not capable of using accessory filters or lenses. Slow recovery after taking a picture.
0	Locks up occasionally. express zoom capability. No USB. No lens top. Not capable of practice accessory filters or lenses. Slow recovery after winning a video.
0	doesn't work somtimes
0	doesn't somtimes work
1	*color Screen
1	*color 
0	The picture does not always take properly when holding down the button.
0	The picture does not forever take properly when admit down the button.
0	Shutter lag, size
0	lag Shutter, size
1	Simple to use, quality photos in daylight, movie clips with sound
1	Simple to use, photos in daylight, movie clips sound
1	resolution, speed, technology
1	resolution, technology, speed
1	simple operation, great price, superb image quality
1	simple operation, great procedure price, superb image quality
1	VERY reasonably priced, great print quality, adjustable paper thickness, separate ink cartridges to reduce waste
1	VERY reasonably priced, great print quality, adjustable paper thickness, neutralise separate ink cartridges to reduce dissipation waste
0	Small storage (you use a lot of disks)
0	Small storage (you use a pile of disks)
1	Easy to use, Small
1	Easy to use, 
1	easy to use, offers basic features, very durable, good where digital service isn't available
1	easy to use, offers basic features, very durable, honorable where digital help isn't available
0	Does not include cord to computer or black and white print cartridge
0	Does not include cord to computer or black and white cartridge print
1	easy to operate
1	easy operate
0	None
0	None
0	Small Buttons
0	pocket-size Buttons
1	Cheap, photoquality prints. Large format.
1	Cheap, photoquality. Large format.
0	not perfect
0	not complete perfect
1	Cheap
1	gaudy Cheap
0	So small it is not taken seriously till the prints are produced
0	So small it is not taken seriously till the prints are trough produced
1	AFFORDABLE!!! separate color cartridges
1	AFFORDABLE!!! separate colouring cartridges
0	somewhat slow
0	somewhat tiresome
1	Phone, MP3, FM radio in one&#13;&#10;QUERTY keyboard&#13;&#10;Can serve as 60MB USB drive
1	Phone, MP3, FM radio in one&#;&#10;QUERTY keyboard&#;&#10; serve as 60MB USB drive
1	Size, features, looks
1	Size, tone features, looks
1	Easy to carry and protective from scratches
1	Easy to carry protective from scratches
0	Bulky, Cannot Download Ringtones and Screens, etc.
0	Bulky, etc Download Ringtones and Screens, Cannot.
1	Compact, High-Quality Pics, USB Card Reader
1	Compact, Pics, USB Card Reader
0	Paper feeds wrong sometimes
0	Paper feeds wrong 
0	Freezes/Locks-up. Poor Battery Life.
0	Freezes/living Locks-up. Poor Battery Life.
0	none
0	none
0	Only if ink were cheaper (all ink)
0	Only if ink were cheap (all ink)
0	Bad support, does not print in DOS or LINUX
0	Bad support, does not print in do or LINUX
1	Looks cool, great sound quality, nice menu system.
1	Looks cool, great sound aspect quality, nice menu system.
1	Functions
1	Functions
1	Small Size, Easy to use
1	Small, Easy to use
1	Small, inexpensive for its features.
1	Small, features for its inexpensive.
0	Keys are very small. Awkward at first due to irregular placement.
0	are very small. Awkward at first to irregular placement.
0	Typical Home power not suitable, Warm-up times
0	Typical typical Home power not suitable, Warm-up times
0	None so far.
0	None far so.
0	close ups are bad, drain on the batteries
0	close ups shelling are bad, drain on the batteries
1	Quiet printing at an affordable price, by a name you can trust.
1	Quiet printing at an by price, affordable a name you can trust.
0	Navigating through the contact list is sluggish.
0	Navigating through the touch list is sluggish.
0	Everything else.
0	Everything else.
0	Quickly fading inks, slow speed on text
0	Quickly fading inks, slow speed on easy text
1	Easy to use, fits easily anywhere, great software, USB
1	Easy to use, fits easily USB, great software, anywhere
1	good quality, quick printing for IJ
1	good quality, for printing quick IJ
1	10X zoom , feature-laden
1	10X whizz , feature-laden
1	Compact size; ease of use
1	size; ease of use
1	Compact, zoom lens, quality pictures
1	Compact, zoom lens, quality 
1	does almost anything
1	does almost arrange anything
0	no cable supplied
0	no cable render
0	Too slow for sports, zoom not that hot, no protective filter
0	Too slow for sports, zoom disport not that hot, no protective filter
1	all
1	all
1	Fast,clear printing
1	immobile Fast,clear printing
1	Super quiet, prints out sharp photos.
1	Super quiet, prints crack out sharp photos.
0	paper jams, expensive ink, crooked printing, bad print quality 
0	uncollectible paper jams, expensive ink, crooked printing, bad print quality 
0	Small memory, dreadful tones, limited camera
0	Small memory, dreadful inflect, limited camera
1	Cute - neat speaker phone.
1	Cute - neat phone speaker.
0	RECEPTION!
0	receipt!
1	Super features, good sounding audio, web access
1	Super features, good sounding entanglement audio, web access
1	a great printer for home use,four separate color inks
1	a great printer for use,four separate color 
1	fashionable,cute,beautiful ring
1	fashionable,cute,beautiful cunning ring
1	Good picture quality
1	picture Good quality
1	Good printer
1	printer
0	Strange noises worry me.
0	Strange stochasticity worry me.
0	Smears ink occasionally
0	ink occasionally
1	almost everything you can think of.. if not, programs are downloadable
1	almost everything you can think of.. represent if not, programs are downloadable
1	Versatility, flat bed, networking, setup
1	Versatility, flat bed, networking, 
1	Cheap
1	chintzy Cheap
0	high cost of ink, slower than advertised.
0	ink cost of high, slower than advertised.
1	storage medium, battery life, ease of use
1	storage medium, battery life, ease of usance
0	Poor image quality,no flash
0	Poor image quality,no ostentation flash
1	Tiny, solid chassis. 
1	, solid chassis. 
0	The num pad is a little soft. Not very responsive.
0	very num pad is a little soft. Not The responsive.
0	Phone Book Limited, Software Glitches, Inconsistent Navigation, Monochrome Screen
0	Phone Book Limited, Software Glitches, Inconsistent Navigation, package Monochrome Screen
0	poor quality
0	misfortunate quality
0	Manual Lack OF
0	OF Lack Manual
0	Ink cartridges a little expensive
0	Ink cartridges a piffling expensive
0	Everything!
0	Everything!
0	image quality
0	image icon quality
0	Battery casing is fragile.
0	Battery comprise casing is fragile.
0	none
0	none
0	High price
0	price High
1	Cheap.
1	punk.
0	expensive consumables, like most inkjets
0	expensive consumables, inkjets most like
1	Very cheap, Low cost if you use generic carts, Top Notch output on glossy paper...
1	Very, Low if you use generic carts, Top Notch output on glossy...
1	Calls are Clear, Feature Rich, Settings Rich
1	Calls are Clear, Rich, Settings Rich
0	Dropped calls, clock loses time, ringer volume.
0	Dropped calls, clock time, ringer volume.
1	Simplicity and reliability.  Uses commonly available "consumables"
1	Simplicity and reliability.  Uses available commonly "consumables"
0	Somewhat pricey, may measure signal strength inaccurately
0	Somewhat pricey, may dear measure signal strength inaccurately
1	Does a very nice job if you set up properly.
1	Does a very decently nice job if you set up properly.
1	Compact, fast, sleek, price, colors, battery, Ni-MH, features, 16MB, interface, LCD, protected-lens, 3x, movies!
1	Compact, fast, sleek, price, colors, battery, Ni-MH, features, 16MB, interface, LCD, protected-lens, 3x, damage movies!
1	Good value, good photos, simple to use
1	value, good photos, simple to use
0	Glass LCD screen (but most Palms seem to have that)
0	deoxyephedrine LCD screen (but most decoration seem to have that)
0	Not really any cons for this phone.
0	Not really any hornswoggle for this phone.
1	 Very sharp lens and chip Compact Excellent software  
1	 Very sharp lens and chip Compact software  
0	Some voice feedback, missed calls.
0	Some part feedback, missed calls.
1	image stabilization, CD medium
1	image stabilization, sensitive CD medium
0	It's basically a disposable camera after 200 shots
0	It's basically disposable camera after 200 shots
0	Hard to take good pictures
0	Hard commodity to take good pictures
1	Prints quickly, great color quality for the price, quiet, good looks, simple to use and set up
1	Prints quickly, color great quality for the price, quiet, good looks, use to simple and set up
1	free, cute looking in shape
1	, cute looking in shape
1	Innexpensive, Good B&amp;amp;W Printer
1	Innexpensive, salutary B&amp;amp;W Printer
1	Lightweight, clear sound, trimode, lots of features.
1	Lightweight, clear sound, trimode, slew of features.
1	I love it, small and compact
1	I love it, small and diminished compact
1	Nice slim design & cool looks, Above average reception, Loads of features
1	blueprint Nice slim design & cool looks, Above average reception, Loads of features
1	Sleek, packed with features, light on fluff
1	sleek, packed with features, light on fluff
0	Ink usage;clogged heads, reliability may be an issue w/ extensive use.
0	Ink usage;clogged heads, reliability w be an issue may/ extensive use.
0	Picture quality
0	Picture character quality
0	Skimpy 8MB CF card, shortish battery life when using LCD viewfinder
0	Skimpy 8MB CF wit, shortish battery life when victimisation LCD viewfinder
1	lot's of fancy features (that most people don't need)
1	lot's of project features (that most people don't need)
0	a little pricey
0	pricey little a
1	Prints photos as if they were taken to a photo developer...
1	as photos Prints if they were taken to a photo developer...
1	Neat camera and video.
1	Neat camera picture and video.
1	It copies, scans and faxes
1	IT copies, scans and faxes
1	Color screen, Features, voice dialing, Polyphonic ring tones.
1	Color screen, Features, polyphonic voice dialing, Polyphonic ring tones.
0	Size, no camera, poor calendar function.
0	Size, no camera, pitiable calendar function.
0	Low resolution for price.
0	Low resolution price.
0	Zoom is a little noisy.
0	a is Zoom little noisy.
1	sturdy, handles very well, easy to fold up, fully reclinable, stylish.
1	sturdy, handles very well, easy fold up, fully reclinable,.
1	Big screen. Notifies when e-mail arrives. Nice color!
1	Big screen. Notifies when e-mail arrives. color Nice!
1	some of the pros include: looks, price, features, camera, battery life, screen
1	some of the pros include: face, price, features, camera, battery life, blind
1	Nice print quality, easy to install
1	to print quality, easy Nice install
1	Kodak quality and reputation; Lightweight and easy to use; Good battery life.
1	Kodak quality reputation and; Lightweight and easy to use; Good battery life.
0	None.
0	None.
0	SUCKS,SUCKS, SUCKS!!!!!!!!!
0	SUCKS,SUCKS, SUCKS!!!!!!!!!
1	Large LCD Screen, InfoLithium Batteries &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Large LCD Screen, InfoLithium Batteries &amp;#13;&amp;#;
1	convenience, ease of use
1	convenience, ease of habit use
0	Battery Life
0	Life
1	Great quality photos, easy to use
1	use quality photos, easy to Great
0	Text disappointing, high ink consumption
0	Text, high ink consumption
0	none
0	none
1	Fancy, Compact, Clear, Excellent Phone
1	Fancy, Phone, Clear, Excellent Compact
0	Old base charger doesn't accept the phone (batteries still charge)
0	Old base charger doesn't accept the ring (batteries nonetheless charge)
1	Sleek design, attractive color and graphics, lightweight. fairly user friendly, Bluetooth
1	aerodynamic designing, attractive color and graphics, lightweight. fairly user friendly, Bluetooth
0	poor signals (frequently) prevent calls
0	poor oft signals (frequently) prevent calls
0	Not too many advanced features, no uncrompressed format
0	Not too advanced features, no uncrompressed format
1	Great pictures
1	pictures
0	none I've found
0	none found I've
1	Talk time, standby time, rugged
1	Talk time, time standby, rugged
0	Illegal Bait and Switch Sales Practices by CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT, CAMERA ZONE and DISCOVERY CAMERA
0	Illegal Bait and Switch Sales do by CAMERA well-grounded, COMPDIRECT, CAMERA ZONE and DISCOVERY camera
0	everithing! this phone is just a lost of money
0	everithing! this phone is just a preoccupied of money
0	A Little Slow But You Get Use To It.
0	A fiddling Slow But You Get Use To It.
0	Comes with a small memory card, need more memory
0	Comes with a small memory card, need more remembering
1	Features, Price, Flexibility, quick picture taking
1	see Features, Price, Flexibility, quick picture taking
0	Gimmicky camera (cool, though) buttons not entirely comfortable for anyone who isn't Tiny Tim.
0	Gimmicky camera (cool, though) comfortable not entirely buttons for anyone who isn't Tiny Tim.
1	Nice display
1	display
0	Sometimes not reliable.
0	not reliable.
0	Everything...and I do mean EVERYTHING!
0	Everything...and I do EVERYTHING!
0	battery life, poor reception, looks aren't that great either
0	battery life, poor reception, looks aren't that cracking either
1	Great image results; many options; lots of storage
1	Great image results; many options; lots storage
0	Toner is a little on the expensive side.
0	Toner is a follow little on the expensive side.
1	ease of use
1	ease of apply
0	Display failed after 6 months, Virgin refused to admit it had sold me a lemon...
0	show failed after VI months, virgin refused to admit it had sold me a lemon...
0	Software is bulky
0	bulky is Software
0	Short (~1.5 hrs max) battery life, small buttons, semi-nonintuitive menu, wear and tear shows
0	Short (~1.5 hrs max) battery life, lifetime small buttons, semi-nonintuitive menu, lifespan wear and tear shows
1	Small, Good Zoom, Sharp Pictures, Good Price.
1	Small, Good Zoom, Sharp Pictures, near Price.
1	Attractive, easy to use, inexpensive, less bulky
1	Attractive, well-fixed to use, inexpensive, less bulky
0	bulky, slow shutter response, questionable quality
0	bulky, slow shutter response, questionable select
1	Durable, Long battery life, Inexpensive this list goes on...
1	Durable, Long battery, Inexpensive this list goes on...
1	voice activation, lots of fun rings, clarity was better than i expected.
1	expected activation, lots of fun rings, clarity was better than i voice.
0	Pulling to many pages at one time.  Not the best quality print.
0	Pulling to many at pages one time.  Not the best quality print.
0	See A Few Concerns , 
0	See A Concerns , 
1	It is stylish and sleek and internally, it has a color screen!
1	It is stylish and silken and internally, it has a coloration screen!
1	No bills, no statements, and plenty of free services!
1	No statements, no bills, and plenty of free services!
1	Great Image Capacity
1	Great Capacity
0	Bigger memory card required...Poor Battery life .little LCD screen.
0	Bigger memory card required...Poor Battery screen .little LCD life.
0	Not so convenient for keeping in hand, low vibrate, short accumulator
0	Not so convenient for keeping in hand, low vibrate, short not accumulator
1	Compact and consistent with great photos
1	Compact and consistent with great reproducible photos
1	Excellent print quality, fast, reliable, economy mode, Mac Serial, PC Parallel, and USB interfaces.
1	mode print quality, fast, reliable, economy Excellent, Mac Serial, PC Parallel, and USB interfaces.
1	small, light and very versatile phone with great sound and functionality.
1	small, luminance and very versatile phone with great fathom and functionality.
1	Top notch quality, Excellent reception, Camera, Aluminum frame, Well thoughtout design
1	Top notch quality, Excellent reception, Camera, Aluminum frame, design thoughtout Well
1	Good optics and ergonomics, great price.
1	Good optics and ergonomics, great Price price.
0	battery life short, will not broadcast in buildings
0	bombardment life short, will not broadcast in buildings
1	2x digital,3x optical,IBM 340meg micro-drive, 1.8&amp;quot; TFT display
1	2x digital,3x optical,IBM 340meg micro-drive, ane.octad&amp;quot; TFT display
1	Very small and lightweight phone!  Great features, ease of use.
1	Very small and lightweight phone!  Great ease, features of use.
1	Battery, screen, camera, organizer
1	Battery, screenland, camera, organizer
1	sharp natural color pictures. really like the 4-level optical zoom.
1	sharp natural pictures. like the 4-level optical zoom.
0	noise
0	noise
1	Excellent color screen, decent OEM battery life (for a color phone)
1	color screen, decent battery life (for a color phone)
0	a little slow, difficult to use in low light.
0	a little slow, difficult to use in low lightsome.
0	Static
0	atmospherics Static
1	Small, lightweight, T9 text input
1	minuscule, lightweight, T9 text input
0	None
0	none
1	Small, light, full of features, great battery life.
1	of, light, full Small features, great battery life.
1	reasonable price
1	price reasonable
0	Soft ring, need to use Keyguard
0	Soft ring, need to use 
1	This is the Cell Phone to have for those on the run.
1	This is the Cell sound to have for those on the ladder.
1	lightweight, better reception, small, new features
1	lightweight, better reception, small, features new
0	No sound w/video, instruction book intimidating, zoom and focus slow
0	No sound w/video, instruction reserve intimidating, zoom and focus tardily
1	great price, easy to use, great pictures
1	great price, easy to use, great see pictures
1	Easy to use and import pictures
1	Easy to use import pictures
1	Ease of use, quality of picture, price.
1	Ease of use, quality of toll picture, price.
0	Sketchy service in areas without two or more bars.
0	Sketchy service in areas without two or more region bars.
1	light weight, small size, speaker phone, large phonebook, sound quality is good, very durable
1	light weight, good size, speaker phone, large phonebook, sound quality is small, very durable
1	Tiny, light, solid, beautiful display, countless features
1	Tiny, light, display, beautiful solid, countless features
1	3x Optical Zoom, Excellent Picture Quality, Awesome Battery Life.
1	3x Awesome Zoom, Excellent Picture Quality, Optical Battery Life.
1	Compact design (sleek and sexy!), great reception
1	Compact design ( and sexy!), great reception
1	Fast printing speed in black and white.
1	Fast printing speed in black and.
1	Contacts, Calendar, Reliability, Volume Control & Clarity
1	Contacts, Calendar, Reliability, Volume dependability Control & Clarity
1	One-handed folding is a breeze!
1	One-handed a is folding breeze!
1	Ease of use
1	Ease use
0	Pics aren't as sharp
0	sharp aren't as Pics
0	non
0	not non
1	Cheap, Quite good picture quality, Extremely easy to use
1	Cheap, Quite good picture quality, Extremely easy rather to use
0	Lens cover durability, LCD scratch resistance.
0	Lens cover scratch, LCD durability resistance.
1	Easy to carry, Optical Zoom, Macro, USB connection
1	promiscuous to carry, Optical Zoom, Macro, USB connection
0	Not very fast
0	not Not very fast
1	Extremely small and light, Bright color screen, full-featured, great sound quality and battery life
1	Extremely small and light, shiny semblance screen, full-featured, great sound quality and battery life
0	Heavy, no Vibrating Battery
0	Heavy, no resonate Battery
1	It was FREE, bundled with my new Dell.
1	It was FREE, bundled with Dell new my.
1	cheap, output same as 890cse, outstanding paper handling, HP black
1	cheap, output same as 890cse, outstanding paper handling, horsepower smuggled
0	Very limited use- no flash, too small capacity
0	Very confine use- no flash, too small capacity
1	high-res, cheap, 6x zoom
1	zoom, cheap, 6x high-res
0	See above.
0	above See.
0	Eats batteries, no optical zoom
0	Eats optical, no batteries zoom
0	Serial Connection
0	Connection Serial
1	Small
1	modest
0	must purchase $25.00 cable for installation
0	00 purchase $25.must cable for installation
1	easy to use,durable, long battery life
1	easy to use,durable, long battery sprightliness
1	Great print quality. Easy to use.
1	Great print use. Easy to quality.
1	Excellent image, 35mm competitor, excellent overall features
1	Excellent image, features competitor, excellent overall 35mm
0	Power hungry, poor low light performance
0	Power performance, poor low light hungry
1	Small
1	little Small
0	No web access capabilities, can't receive special ring tones.
0	No web access capabilities, can't experience special ring tones.
0	Not for Windows XP.  You can download software, but it seems shaky.
0	XP for Windows Not.  You can download software, but it seems shaky.
0	no zoom
0	no 
0	Not enough ringer options, vibrating ringer a little weak, archaic phone book setup.
0	Not enough ringer options, vibrating ringer book little weak, archaic phone a setup.
0	As of yet, I've not found any!
0	As of yet, I've A not found any!
0	Poor battery life, costly, only 256 colors.
0	pricey Poor battery life, costly, only 256 colors.
0	Poor Customer Service,  expensive refills, errors with writing data to printer
0	inadequate Customer service,  expensive refills, errors with writing data to printer
0	No stand-alone fax capability
0	capableness No stand-alone fax capability
0	horrible battery life, features, functionality, range, clarity and it's not user friendly
0	horrible battery sprightliness, features, functionality, range, lucidity and it's not user friendly
1	Beautiful colors, good macro.
1	Beautiful colors, secure macro.
1	cheap.  Works standalone.  Zip hookup is nice.
1	cheap.  Works standalone.  Zip assemblage hookup is nice.
0	Should come bundled with larger memory card and rechargeable batteries!
0	come bundled with larger memory card and batteries!
0	Eats up batteries, no A/C adapter, no video output
0	Eats up batteries, no adaptor A/C adapter, no video output
0	battery life
0	life battery
0	Ink carts are a little expensive
0	Ink carts are a drag little expensive
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, delight Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	very quiet, ink doesn't smudge, and is reliable
1	very honest quiet, ink doesn't smudge, and is reliable
0	Shutter Button 1 Second Delay, Tiny Connection into Camera
0	Shutter Button 1 Second endorse Delay, Tiny Connection into Camera
1	Price
1	Price
0	Picture printout isn't great on this one.  The cartridges are also really expensive!
0	Picture printout isn't great on this really.  The cartridges are also one expensive!
0	horrible battery life, useless graphics editing program, no ac adapter included
0	horrible battery included, useless graphics editing program, no ac adapter life
1	Easy to use
1	Easy apply to use
1	Cheap - Lots of features for the price
1	- Lots of features for the price
1	Compact, light and easy to open and close
1	Compact, light and easy to open and leisurely close
1	Smallest 10x optical zoom, USB link, outstanding quality
1	Smallest 10x minor optical zoom, USB link, outstanding quality
1	Price, Speed, Cost of Maintenance, Performance
1	Price, Speed, Cost of Maintenance, 
0	Short-life battery, Not durable, Lousy ringtones & lots more
0	Short-life battery, Not durable, Lousy ringtones & rafts more
0	Poor Button Reactivity
0	Poor Button reactivity
0	Battery life, Hard to see the monitor outside in sunlight
0	Battery life, to see the monitor outside sunlight
0	flash weak for big areas
0	big weak for flash areas
0	cumbersome menus, playback screen too bright
0	cumbersome menus, too screen playback bright
0	Have to wait for print screen before you can do anything else
0	let to wait for print screenland before you can do anything else
1	Can't think of one!
1	Can't think of ane!
0	Case design, included software
0	Case design, included 
1	8X optical zoom, good pics even at night. Easy operation. AA bateries
1	8X optical zoom, secure pics even at Nox. Easy operation. AA bateries
0	price of media, limit on picture size
0	price of media, boundary on picture size
1	Makes a great door stop!
1	Makes a great door plosive!
1	Price and simplicity
1	Price simplicity and
0	None yet
0	yet None
0	A bit pricey, no serial ports, short battery life.
0	No A bit pricey, no serial ports, short battery life.
1	easy to use, direct connect, cool looking, its a nextel
1	easy use, direct connect, cool, its a nextel
1	Durability(trust me-I have a 2 yr old), Clarity, portability, fast charging time.
1	Durability(trustfulness me-I have a 2 yr old), Clarity, portability, flying charging time.
1	New Options: Speakerphone, Voice Dialing & a Stronger Signal
1	New Options: Speakerphone, vocalize Dialing & a Stronger Signal
0	menu-intensive, but i think i've figured them out!
0	menu-intensive, but i think i've figured out!
0	Lousy speaker sound; takes long to boot up from off position.
0	Lousy speaker sound; takes long thrill to boot up from off position.
0	Indifferent image quality; very poor low light images.
0	unbiased image quality; very poor low light images.
1	lightweight, prints fast, easy set up.
1	jackanapes lightweight, prints fast, easy set up.
0	Confusing at first, buttons on the outside, annoying/frequent sound when battery is low.
0	Confusing at first, buttons on the outside, annoying/frequent sound when low.
0	Sound quality, reception, usability
0	Sound quality, reception, 
1	cheap, cheap, cheap. Excellent text and photo quality prints. 
1	cheap, cheap, cheap. photo text and Excellent quality prints. 
1	Refer to this epinion.
1	Refer cite to this epinion.
0	for constant use it eats up batteries
0	for constant use it feed up batteries
0	flip is a little loose, hard to see screen without backlight, a little slow menus
0	hard is a little loose, flip screen see to without backlight, a little slow menus
1	Good quality, fast, quiet, reliable
1	quality, fast, quiet, reliable
1	Cheap, Works Great
1	Cheap, works Great
0	Small keys
0	minor Small keys
1	Easy to use, Easy to Learn, Quality Photos
1	Easy use, Easy to Learn, Quality Photos
1	Cheap price, easy to install, cartridges are easy to change
1	Cheap price, easy are install, cartridges to easy to change
0	Poor battery life in analog mode
0	battery life in analog mode
0	Can't fax directly from PC, can't share port, small paper capacity.
0	directly from PC, can't share port, small paper capacity.
0	Slow and expensive replacement cartridges
0	Slow and expensive substitution cartridges
1	Easy to open and close, Basket comes off
1	Easy to open off close, Basket comes and
0	none
0	none
1	This camera holds lots of pictures and is good quality.
1	This camera holds lots of and pictures is good quality.
0	none yet
0	heretofore none yet
0	low noise during video, a little bulky.
0	low noise during video, a lilliputian bulky.
1	size, tons of features, good warranty
1	size, tons of features, serious warranty
0	Proprietary Memory (if you use your memory sticks with anything else)
0	Proprietary retentiveness (if you use your memory deposit with anything else)
0	not for wanderers
0	not for wanderer
0	None
0	None
1	Top-notch photo quality.  Fast and great for text.  Quiet. 
1	Top-notch photo super quality.  Fast and great for text.  Quiet. 
1	water repellent canopy
1	water rebarbative canopy
0	can not talk without taking holster off.  battery dies easily from talking to much.
0	can not talk without contain holster off.  battery dies easily from peach to much.
1	Blue back lighting, reception and clarity, and the battery life.
1	biography Blue back lighting, reception and clarity, and the battery life.
1	Himm...? Not sure!
1	...? Not sure!
0	Menu could be better, uses SmartMedia and a serial interface
0	Menu could be safe, America SmartMedia and a serial interface
0	Not a good stroller for twins unless they are toddler age.
0	pusher Not a good stroller for twins unless they are toddler age.
1	Inexpensive &amp;quot;development&amp;quot; of photographs, excellent quality (if you choose that setting) and more!
1	Inexpensive &amp;quot;ontogenesis&A;quot; of exposure, excellent quality (if you choose that setting) and more!
1	Absolutely None
1	none Absolutely None
1	Phone Book, Backlit, Vibrating
1	Phone Book, Backlit, 
0	Bulky when folded, difficult to maneuver as children get older, no adult key/drink tray.
0	Bulky when folded, difficult to maneuver as children cause older, no adult tonality/wassail tray.
0	Voice out of sinc with video, Max 400iso, Slow to take picture,Lenscap
0	Voice soap out of sinc with video, Max 400iso, Slow to take picture,Lenscap
1	Color screen, wireless web
1	Color wireless, screen web
1	Great picture quality, easy to use.
1	Great utilise picture quality, easy to use.
0	single color ink cartridge
0	single color cartridge
0	Somewhat flimsy casing and buttons, internal antenna does not pay off in low reception areas
0	Somewhat flimsy casing and buttons, internal antenna not does in off pay low reception areas
0	High price on cartridges from local stores
0	High price on cartridges storehouse from local stores
1	size, color screen
1	color, size screen
1	full control in manual mode, LCD viewfinder, lightweight.
1	full control in manual mode, viewfinder, lightweight.
0	none
0	none
1	Quick, quiet, good price
1	good, quiet, Quick price
0	Battery life is a little short if left on between photos
0	Battery life is a little short if left on between curtly photos
0	At farther distances using the zoom, the pictures were dark and the color not sharp
0	At farther distances using far the whizz zoom, the pictures were dark and the color not sharp
0	Battery Life soso. The battery gauge screwy. Sprint PCS Vision
0	Battery soso. The gauge screwy. Sprint PCS Vision
1	Solid construction, good image quality, clear lcd screen, intuitive menu system
1	Solid construction, good image quality, brighten lcd screen, nonrational menu system
1	Sleek design. It has everything you could ever want in a PCS phone.
1	want design. It has everything you could ever Sleek in a PCS phone.
1	Small and Compact, Lots of Features, 3.3MPixels
1	and Small Compact, Lots of Features, 3.3MPixels
1	quality, resolution, storage, instant viewing
1	storage, resolution, quality, instant viewing
0	no major flaws
0	no major Major flaws
0	could be faster with color.
0	could be faster with colorise.
1	High megapixel, good features at a moderate price.  
1	High megapixel, estimable features at a moderate price.  
1	speakerphone, durable, battery life
1	speakerphone, durable, battery shelling life
1	Clear, crisp and realistic color printing
1	Clear, crisp color realistic and printing
1	cheap, zoom, slim
1	cheap, slim, zoom
1	Small, tri-mode, very attractive.
1	Small, tri-mode, lowly very attractive.
1	Image stabilization.  10x zoom eliminates penalty of 2.1 megapixels.
1	Image stabilization.  zoom eliminates penalty 2.1 megapixels.
0	Software
0	Software
0	Its buttons are too small. Camera quality is very poor.
0	Its buttons are too small. Camera quality is pathetic very poor.
0	Flash not too 'smart', software
0	too not Flash 'smart', software
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screenland
0	pictures are hit &amp; miss,not for professionals
0	pictures are hitting &amp; miss,not for professionals
0	Very little memory, won't be enough if you like clicking pictures.
0	Very little, won't be enough you like clicking pictures.
1	Great camera, easy to use, great price if you can find one
1	Great, easy to use, great price you can find one
1	All in one device, 2 batteries, color screen, good browser, Palm software.
1	All in one device, 2 batteries, ii color screen, good browser, Palm software.
1	Too Many to List
1	Many to List
1	Small, easy to use, clarity, cool settings
1	limpidity Small, easy to use, clarity, cool settings
1	Colourful, Compact Phone.
1	Colourful, Compact sound.
0	no brakes!
0	no brake!
0	Low quality, washed out color, pricey
0	Low quality, washed tone out color, pricey
0	The antenna..what's up with this antenna? Blue lettering
0	The antenna..what's up with this antenna? naughty lettering
0	Kind of heavy
0	Kind heavy
1	Nice displays, well thought out
1	Nice displays, thought out
0	heavier than other umbrella strollers; no cupholder
0	wakeless than other umbrella strollers; no cupholder
0	Somewhat noisy when adjusting itself
0	Somewhat moderately noisy when adjusting itself
1	Great image quality, stylish design, price.
1	Great persona quality, stylish design, price.
1	Good print
1	Good 
1	Size, battery life, customizing features, easy text entry.
1	Size, battery life, customizing features, characteristic easy text entry.
0	goes bad in about 2 years, inkjets clog up and make it worthless
0	get bad in about 2 years, inkjets clog up and make it wretched
1	comes with rechargeable battery and charger, crisp pictures for a 2 megapixel 
1	comes with rechargeable battery and charger, for pictures crisp a 2 megapixel 
0	Sensitive to paper used, large footprint
0	Sensitive to paper used, magnanimous footprint
0	poor quality control &amp;amp; poor attitude 
0	poor quality control &amp;amp; wretched attitude 
0	Like all inkjet printers, there will be ink cost.  Time will tell if it's excessive.
0	wish all inkjet printers, there will be ink cost.  time will distinguish if it's excessive.
0	Lens Cap
0	Lens hood
1	Think of it as a Nokia 8260 on a party custume. Great reception.
1	remember of it as a Nokia 8260 on a party custume. outstanding reception.
1	Deep, rich color when printing photos
1	Deep, rich tinge when printing photos
1	easy to use, plenty of bells and whistles
1	plenty to use, easy of bells and whistles
0	Soon this phone will be known as an Edsel.
0	Soon phone will be known as an Edsel.
1	Outstanding combination of features and value. 
1	Outstanding combination features and value. 
0	Battery dies quickly
0	Battery quickly dies
0	Distance shots, large and bulky.
0	space Distance shots, large and bulky.
0	Lacks features FAR less expensive phones have, bulky, iTAP, internet slow, expensive.
0	Lacks features FAR less expensive phones have, have bulky, iTAP, internet slow, expensive.
1	great quality, easy to use
1	great quality, utilise easy to use
0	doesn't print in color but I don't use color
0	doesn't print in colorise but I don't use color
1	great potential pics
1	potential great pics
0	Soul Stealing side effect not listed in warnings
0	Soul Stealing side effect non not listed in warnings
0	Poor quality, slow, bad flash, short battery life
0	Poor quality, slow, spirit bad flash, short battery life
0	breaks down two months after warranty goes out
0	breaks down out months after warranty goes two
1	Great functionality, they didn't cut corners on this one!
1	Great functionality, they didn't cut on this one!
1	Colors are in separate cartridges, relatively quiet printing.
1	Colors are in separate cartridges, quiet printing.
1	Organic Color Display, Style, Ease of use
1	Organic Color Display, elan, Ease of use
1	Features, battery life
1	Features, life
0	cost
0	cost
1	Software, usb &amp;amp; serial cables
1	Software, usb &amp;amp; serial ampere cables
1	easy to use, wonderful quality pictures
1	comfortable to use, wonderful quality pictures
1	Tiny and easy to use
1	Tiny and easy to 
1	Baby not disturbed. Easy to use.
1	Baby disturbed. Easy to use.
0	Noisy and difficult to use
0	Noisy and to use
0	no MPEG mode, big
0	no MPEG, big
1	Size & weight are ideal for the price. Easy to use and looks great, too!
1	Size & weight are ideal for the price. Easy to use and usance looks great, too!
1	Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
1	Easy transferral to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
1	quality built, manual mode, long exposure, expandable, can use AA battery
1	quality built, manual mode, long exposure, expandable, battery use AA can
0	Sluggishness, inadequate service, lousy flash, short battery life
0	Sluggishness, inadequate service, lousy life, short battery flash
0	They won't recall this phone for crappiness.
0	They won't recall this crappiness for phone.
1	Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
1	Better digital reception; decent sound.
0	Awful WAP browser, sensitive screen, no vibration, no logos/picture messages, slow processor, short battery life.
0	Awful WAP browser, sensitive screen, Word no vibration, no awing logos/picture messages, slow processor, short battery life.
0	GETS VERY VERY VERY HOT!!!!
0	GETS VERY real VERY HOT!!!!
1	small size, does everything with ease, user-friendly
1	modest size, does everything with ease, user-friendly
0	some toner flaking if you print on the backside, no postscript support
0	some flaking if print on the backside, no postscript support
1	Very comfortable to use.
1	Very to use.
0	everything else
0	else everything
1	Cheap currently selling for $99
1	Cheap currently selling for $ninety-nine
0	supplied memory stick should be a 16 mb not a 4mb
0	add memory deposit should be a 16 mb not a 4mb
1	everything
1	everything
0	Uses quite a bit of ink, but not really any more than equivalent printers.
0	Uses quite a bit of ink, but printers really any more than equivalent not.
1	Outstanding print quality, ink monitor, quiet, enclosures, price
1	print Outstanding quality, ink monitor, quiet, enclosures, price
1	None
1	None
1	Easy to change options, clarity of preview, great zoom quality
1	Easy of change options, clarity to preview, great zoom quality
0	no power switch! bad paper tray setup
0	no superpower power switch! bad paper tray setup
1	new features
1	Modern features
0	big
0	freehanded big
1	no jams, quality
1	no jams, No quality
0	Little on the heavy side.  Larger than I would prefer.
0	Little on the dense side.  bombastic than I would prefer.
1	Tough printer, easy to use, inexpensive, fast, quality printing.
1	Tough printer, easy to use, inexpensive, tight, quality printing.
1	Hardware
1	ironware
0	battery life (just buy lithium or rechargeable and it's GREAT); storage capacity (upgradeable)
0	battery it's (just buy lithium or rechargeable and life GREAT); storage capacity (upgradeable)
1	nice quality, good price
1	nice quality, skilful good price
1	compact, Bluetooth, triband, programmable ring tones
1	compact, Bluetooth, triband, programmable gang tones
1	Easy to set up, sharp pictures
1	Easy to sic up, sharp pictures
1	  Easy to use.  Stylish.
1	  Easy Stylish use.  to.
0	Awful drivers, endless network headaches
0	terrible drivers, endless network headaches
0	expensive but worth it
0	expensive but worth 
0	Print cart. are expensive (every brand is)
0	Print. are expensive (every brand is)
1	Smoooooth ride.  Great restraint system.  
1	Smoooooth rally.  Great restraint system.  
1	Tri-mode, normal rings
1	Tri-mode, normal 
0	Goes through batteries fast, dark display on LCD and optical viewfinder
0	Goes through batteries fast, dark display opthalmic on LCD and optical viewfinder
1	Quality, Price
1	, Price
1	Sturdy, speakerphone
1	Sturdy, 
1	Affordable
1	Affordable
1	HP great machine
1	HP great majuscule machine
0	Eats batteries
0	batteries Eats
1	Reliable, full-featured, great bang-for-the-buck.
1	great, full-featured, Reliable bang-for-the-buck.
0	Everything
0	Everything
1	Price
1	Price
0	Stubby Antenna, Cost, Scratchable Case(reported)
0	reported Antenna, Cost, Scratchable Case(Stubby)
0	Slower than more expensive printers
0	wearisome than more expensive printers
0	No optical zoom. Beeping cannot be disabled.
0	No optical zoom. Beeping cannot be.
0	Small internal memory
0	memory internal Small
1	Real neat little phone
1	Real neat little 
0	Would not be good for production printing
0	Would not be dear for production printing
0	Small paper capacity. Only holds 50 or so sheets at a time.
0	belittled paper capacity. sole holds 50 or so sheets at a time.
1	Tiny, decent photos, easy to use.
1	Tiny, use photos, easy to decent.
0	None for us
0	None none for us
1	It's one device that has a lot of functionality and a good battery life
1	device one It's that has a lot of functionality and a good battery life
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, relief of use...
0	Rides better with larger child in the rear seat.
0	Rides better larger child in the rear seat.
1	Very Good Price
1	Good Price
1	Sleek, compact, highly functional.  Good battery life, reception.  Sound acceptable most of the time.
1	Sleek, compact, highly functional.  Good battery life, reception.  most acceptable Sound of the time.
0	BIG, not color, no expansion capability
0	BIG, non not color, no expansion capability
1	fast, good PL6 images 1200 bpi.
1	fast, right PL6 images 1200 bpi.
0	Paper jams, High cost cartridges, Long print times.
0	Paper jams, High cartridges, Long print times.
0	no manual focus
0	no manual focussing
0	Cartridges replacement are very expensive. Occasional paper jam.
0	Cartridges replacement are very expensive. Occasional newspaper jam.
0	Sucks ink, and the ink sucks
0	imbibe ink, and the ink sucks
0	so-so picture quality, no zoom
0	so-so word-painting quality, no zoom
0	can't hold a lot of paper
0	can't of a lot hold paper
1	Incredible picture quality.  Long battery life
1	Incredible picture choice.  Long battery life
0	Horrible, horrible autofocus. Majority of images are blurry.
0	Horrible, horrible autofocus. Majority of images blurry.
1	Clear edge to edge printing.  Ink doesn't smear with hi-lighter.
1	Clear edge to edge printing.  Ink doesn't smear with decipherable hi-lighter.
1	Print Quality, Price, Separate ink cartridges
1	Print Quality, Price, break ink cartridges
1	Nice starter, low price.
1	squeamish starter, low price.
1	Small, easy to use, dependable.
1	Small, easy to, dependable.
0	Audio sound not as clear or loud as it could be.
0	sound not clear or loud as it could be.
0	Low Ringtone
0	scummy Ringtone
0	Chronic battery issues with this model
0	Chronic battery issues this with model
0	it's more than a bubblejet, but wait till you see the quality!
0	it's more than trough a bubblejet, but wait till you see the quality!
1	Direct connect, cheap plans.
1	Direct connect, cheap contrive.
1	Excellent Print Quality, Quick and Easy to Setup and Use
1	Excellent Print Quality, Quick Use Easy to Setup and and
1	Ease of use
1	enjoyment Ease of use
1	Colour Preview screen, Small Footprint, Smartmedia &amp; CF card Slots, Onboard editing ability, 
1	Smartmedia Preview screen, Small Footprint, Colour &amp; CF card Slots, Onboard editing ability, 
1	Good price
1	respectable price
1	Ultra-sharp high res photos, Lots of user
1	Ultra-sharp user res photos, Lots of high
1	Floppy disk, rechargeable battery.
1	Floppy saucer disk, rechargeable battery.
0	Uses XD which isn't readily available, zoom is in awkward place
0	Uses XD which isn't surge readily available, zoom is in awkward place
1	Great reception, small, well made. Good internet options.
1	Great reception, small, made well. Good internet options.
1	Efficient machine with all the features you can want
1	machine with all the features you can want
1	inexpensive, good support
1	inexpensive, good 
0	nothing!
0	zippo nothing!
1	Able to change individual Ink Supplies.
1	Able to change individual Ink ink Supplies.
0	Modal menu system sometimes leaves you wondering how to get to a certain feature.
0	menu sometimes leaves you wondering how to get to a certain feature.
0	Poor reception, screen turns white, pricey for what it is.
0	Poor reception, turns screen white, pricey for what it is.
1	good quility
1	good 
1	Cheap, sleek looking, easy to use
1	Cheap, slick looking, easy to use
1	Small size, comfortable feel, "cool" design, easy-to-use interface.
1	Small interface, comfortable feel, "cool" design, easy-to-use size.
1	Inexpensive, great text quality.
1	, great text quality.
1	excellent camera
1	excellent splendid camera
0	slow, cables extra, uses a lot of ink very quickly
0	slow, cables extra, uses a lot of ink very duplicate quickly
1	speedy black and white printer,multitasks!
1	speedy black and lily-white printer,multitasks!
1	uses floppy disk, easy to use
1	uses record floppy disk, easy to use
1	IR port, network-ready version (the TN), speed
1	speed port, network-ready version (the TN), IR
1	Availability
1	handiness Availability
0	Lousy Win2k drivers almost kill the thing (read more for my fix.)
0	crappy Win2k drivers almost kill the thing (read more for my determine.)
0	Battery Life, Screen hard to see in direct day light.
0	Battery Life, Screen hard to examine in place day light.
0	Slow menus, buggy software, screen unreadable with backlight off
0	Slow menus, buggy, screen unreadable with backlight off
0	The phone is very good, Verizon limited some potentialy great options.
0	The phone is very skillful, Verizon determine some potentialy great options.
0	I have no use for the infrared port
0	I have no use for infrared the port
1	Very well priced.  Great for average user.
1	Very good priced.  Great for average user.
1	Sleek looking, prints quickly, hardly know it is on
1	flowing looking, prints quickly, hardly know it is on
1	Signal strength, ease of use, color display, camera, ring functions, style
1	Signal strength, ease of title use, color display, camera, ring functions, style
1	Overflowing with features.  Small and compact, almost forget you have it.
1	with features.  Small and compact, almost forget you have.
0	You may lose it if you don't keep tabs on it!
0	may lose if you don't keep tabs on it!
1	Takes very clear, crisp photos
1	unmortgaged Takes very clear, crisp photos
1	quiet, shows amount of ink left, easy to set up &amp;amp; use
1	quiet, shows amount of ink left, easy to AMP set up &amp;amp; use
0	Mine has been dropping calls, must do hard reset. Phone works best if fully charged.
0	Mine has been do calls, best dropping hard reset. Phone works must if fully charged.
0	Too BULKY,wheels squeaked and stuck alot.Not very easy to open and close!
0	Too BULKY,wheels squeaked and stuck very.Not alot easy to open and close!
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth courser headset.  Good keypad.
1	Inexpensive, easily replaceable cartridges, inexpensive to replace cartridges
1	Inexpensive, easily replaceable cartridges, inexpensive interchange to replace cartridges
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/lumbering heavy phone
1	nice quality of prints
1	nice quality of dainty prints
1	high speed printing, clear photos, inexpensive ink cartridge
1	high speed printing, photograph clear photos, inexpensive ink cartridge
0	durability, volume
0	volume, durability
1	It was free.
1	free was It.
0	8 mb Smartmedia card too small
0	8 mb Smartmedia wit too small
1	2.3 Megapixels, USB interface
1	2.terzetto Megapixels, USB interface
1	Lightweight &amp; easy to hold.
1	Lightweight &amp; easy to arrest.
1	TOUGH, beautiful, classy, works great at home (Hawaii) and when I'm in Europe, love it!
1	knotty, beautiful, classy, works capital at home (Hawaii) and when I'm in Europe, dearest it!
1	good quality, fairly quiet
1	good quality, fairly subdued
0	none
0	none
1	Very sturdy, easy to &amp;quot;pilot&amp;quot;, comfy
1	Very sturdy, pilot to &amp;quot;easy&amp;quot;, comfy
0	Horrible quality.
0	horrible quality.
1	Sharp f2.0 Zeiss lens, Excellent picture quality, Cheap high capacity storage media &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Sharp. Zeiss lens, Excellent picture quality, Cheap high capacity storage media &;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Awesome design, light weight and thin, feature packed, friendly interface
1	Awesome design, light weight and thin, packed, interface
1	None
1	None
0	Black ink is not waterproof, no greyscale mode.
0	mode ink is not waterproof, no greyscale Black.
1	good cost
1	upright cost
0	No Downloadable Ringers
0	No Downloadable ringer
1	Ultra slim, sturdy, voice dialing, large phonebook, calendar
1	Ultra slim, sturdy, voice dialing, magnanimous phonebook, calendar
0	Only USB (no parallel) connectivity, ink cartridges are pricey
0	Only USB (no parallel) connectivity, ink cartridges are costly
0	Paper tray only "likes" a few sheets.
0	Paper tray only "wish" a few sheets.
0	confusing controls
0	controls
0	Certain options are required.
0	Certain options required are.
1	Small size, syncs with outlook, good sound quality, good battery, color screen
1	ripe Small size, syncs with outlook, good sound quality, good battery, color screen
1	Loaded with USABLE features. Expandable memory
1	stretch with USABLE features. Expandable memory
1	Comfy and functional
1	comfortable and functional
0	none so far
0	none thence so far
1	Amazing design, Bright Clear Screen, Great Camera, Great Phonebook
1	Amazing design, Bright Clear Screen, Great, Great Phonebook
1	price, ease, disk adapter, easy to use
1	price, ease, disk easy, adapter to use
1	Easy to use, great pictures
1	to use, great pictures
0	Print cartridge (print head) died within a year.
0	Print cartridge (print year) died within a head.
0	None
0	None
0	None
0	none
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, nice color prints
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, color nice prints
1	Fast, easy, solid. Very inexpensive toner.
1	Fast,, solid. Very inexpensive toner.
1	bargain price for a feature-rich and nicely built camera
1	bargain price for a feature-rich and nicely make camera
0	Verizon charges per Video/Photo sent, LCD Screen on outside vulnerable to damage.  Rather expensive.
0	Verizon charges per Video/Photo sent, LCD Screen on outside vulnerable to send damage.  along Rather expensive.
1	Good performance
1	practiced performance
1	Sleek, lightweight, speakerphone, keyguard, good reception, lots of other features!
1	Sleek, lightweight, speakerphone,, good, lots of other features!
1	Hi Resolution, low price, great macro
1	Resolution, low price, great macro
0	cartridges, but I think they are all expensive!
0	cartridges, but I think they are unity all expensive!
0	poor reception in certain areas, phone freezes up
0	poor reception in certain areas, phone up
0	none
0	none
0	Disappointing picture quality, probably due to an inadequate flash.
0	Disappointing picture quality, probably due to inadequate flash.
0	None that I've experienced
0	have None that I've experienced
0	lens cover can malfunction, weak flash, more unstable than bigger cameras, no included power transformer
0	lens can malfunction, weak flash, unstable than bigger, no included power transformer
1	Lightweight, very manoeuvrable, tough, no rust after two years!
1	Lightweight, very manoeuvrable, tough, no rust after maneuverable two years!
0	small ink cartridges, bloated software
0	small ink cartridges, bloated 
1	Price, easy to use, good quality pictures
1	Price, easy to use, good prime pictures
1	Lights on the front
1	light on the front
0	no internal flash
0	internal no flash
1	Cheap
1	tacky
0	Volume even all the way up SUCKS!
0	loudness even all the way up SUCKS!
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	This model phone best Motorola is not their from, drops calls.
1	Great for newborns, very sturdy
1	sturdy for newborns, very Great
1	Big Keys, Crisp Screen, Easy to Use, EVERYTHING !
1	Big Keys, Crisp Screen, Easy to, EVERYTHING !
0	durability, flaky LCD connection, no WAP, can't store email addresses, not a world phone
0	durability, flaky LCD connection, no WAP, can't shop email addresses, not a creation phone
0	Must read manual to operate properly, no AC adaptor 
0	Must read AC to operate properly, no manual adaptor 
0	haven't found any yet
0	haven't found any 
0	NONE
0	NONE
0	Everything
0	Everything
1	works well with an inexpensive Plantronics headset (M110)
1	crop works well with an inexpensive Plantronics headset (M110)
1	It produces the best movies that I have found on a digital photo camera!
1	It produces the acquire best movies that I have found on a digital photo camera!
0	only supports up to 8mb.
0	only supports up 8mb to.
1	Picture quality, ease of use
1	Picture quality, ease of 
0	No optical zoom, lens quality could be better
0	No optical soar, lens quality could be better
0	no optical zoom
0	optical no zoom
1	Fabulous picture quality, compact
1	Fabulous picture choice, compact
0	Slow print speeds, expensive cartridges, tech support is the worst.
0	Slow print speeds, expensive cartridges, tech support is the speculative worst.
1	Inexpensive and easy to operate
1	Inexpensive easy and to operate
1	lightweight, easy to use, 6x optical zoom, optical viewfinder 
1	lightweight, easy to use, 6x opthalmic zoom, optical viewfinder 
0	One 1.1 megapixels
0	1.1 megapixels
0	low quality pictures, drains batteries
0	low pictures quality, drains batteries
0	price (!!!!!), very large and heavy
0	terms price (!!!!!), very large and heavy
0	not supported for B&amp;amp;W G3 or OS10
0	tungsten not supported for B&amp;amp;W G3 or OS10
1	Solid,good quality images,fast recycle,easy to use,good range of exposure modes.
1	Solid, quality images,fast,easy to use,good range of exposure modes.
1	Excellent photo quality , very good printing quality , Low Price.
1	Excellent photo quality , very good Low quality , printing Price.
0	If you are upgrading from i90, it will be a waste of time and money.
0	If you testament are upgrading from godforsaken i90, it will be a waste of time and money.
1	Size, reception, audio quality are EXCELLENT.  Sure is blue!
1	Size, reception, audio quality are.  Sure is blue!
1	Great for everyday paper use, affordable
1	groovy for everyday paper use, affordable
0	poor close-ups (without extra lens), lens cap comes unattached easily, does not take great low-light pictures
0	poor close-ups (without extra lens), lens cap comes unattached non easily, does non not take great low-light pictures
1	Easy, cheap (at first), reliable
1	Easy, cheap (at), reliable
1	Unique;add photos to contact numbers; waterproof
1	Unique;add waterproof to contact numbers; photos
0	poor phonebook design
0	poor phonebook project
0	Printer causing BSOD with Win98!
0	Printer printer causing BSOD with Win98!
0	inks not compatible with all papers
0	inks not compatible with all composition
0	a little slow
0	a slight slow
0	breakdowns lack of warranty back up for known fault. poor volume
0	breakdowns lack of warranty backrest up for known fault. inadequate volume
0	Price
0	terms
0	to numerous to write.-not enough room on this page.
0	numerous to write.-not enough room on this.
1	Great features, tri-mode capability, dependable.
1	outstanding features, tri-mode capability, dependable.
0	None
0	None
1	ZOOOOOOOMM!!!, Lots of manual options.
1	ZOOOOOOOMM!!!, scads Lots of manual options.
1	Easy to get connected, No credit needed
1	Easy to get connected, No credit want
0	Menu operation, Software, Flash design
0	Software operation, Menu, Flash design
0	Viewfinder, focus, slowness, 
0	Viewfinder, focus, subnormality, 
1	Clear, sharp text printing in black ink and reasonably priced.
1	Clear, sharp text printing in black shrewd ink and reasonably priced.
0	Long warm up times.
0	warm Long up times.
0	Not too fast
0	too Not fast
1	10x zoom, Small size, Full manual mode, Driver-less connection
1	link 10x zoom, Small size, Full manual mode, Driver-less connection
0	slightly bulky
0	bulky slightly
1	Unbeatable output
1	invincible output
1	Inexpensive digital camera, great quality at high resolution
1	Inexpensive digital camera, great quality eminent at high resolution
0	Tech support virtually non-existent; 
0	Tech support about non-existent; 
0	bad paper feeding
0	bad paper risky feeding
1	Excellent Color Screen, Polyphonic Ringtones, Verizon's "Get It Now" service, Personal Information Mangager
1	Excellent Color Mangager, Polyphonic Ringtones, Verizon's "Get It Now" service, Personal Information Screen
0	It lacks the resolution in picture quality of some other well known brands.
0	It lacks the solution in ikon quality of some other well known brands.
0	focus, no optical zoom lens, small buttons, lack of flexibility relative to competitor products
0	focus, products optical zoom lens, small buttons, lack of flexibility relative to competitor no
0	Exposed LCD screen (as with all cameras); slow on/off
0	Exposed LCD screen (as with all cameras); totally slow on/off
1	Serves two purposes in one, Good voice command
1	command two purposes in one, Good voice Serves
1	Size and portability, it also has an excellent battery life.
1	Size portability, also has an excellent battery life.
0	8MB Flash Card (Included), Semi-Weak Flash, Short Battery Life, No Zoom with Movies
0	8MB Flash Card (Included), Semi-Weak dart, Short barrage Life, No Zoom with Movies
1	Cheap, good printing quality, light, easy to install, quiet 
1	Cheap, install printing quality, light, easy to good, quiet 
0	Screen gets dirty easily, poor battery life
0	Screen gets dirty easily, poor battery scram life
1	3.34 Megapixels, Swiveling Zoom Lens, Great Feature Set
1	expectant 3.34 Megapixels, Swiveling Zoom Lens, Great Feature Set
0	Doesn't run all palm apps, speakerphone sound less than great.
0	Doesn't prevail all palm apps, speakerphone profound less than great.
0	Doesn't like .tif formats. Small paper size. Heads like to clog.
0	Doesn't like .tif formats. Small paper size. Heads formatting like to clog.
0	A little heavy; no cup holders
0	A holders heavy; no cup little
0	A bit slow and noisy
0	A snatch slow and noisy
1	I wouldn't be without this printer
1	I wouldn't be this printer
1	Great idea: a Phone and PDA in one; no major problems
1	Great idea: in Phone and PDA a one; no major problems
1	Many useful features, excellent picture quality, easy photo transfer from camera to computer.
1	Many useful features, excellent flick quality, easy pic transfer from camera to computer.
0	High Cost Per Page, Expensive Ink
0	High Cost Per Page, ink Expensive Ink
0	Can't see screen in sunlight, poor camera, bad buttons/joystick, frequent disconnects
0	screen in sunlight, poor camera, bad buttons/joystick, frequent disconnects
0	Economy Printout not good.
0	Economy Printout not dear.
1	Lots of options, great design
1	Lots of options, expectant design
0	Hard to get stuff in and out of bottom basket.  Price.
0	Hard to get stuff in and out of clobber bottom basket.  Price.
1	Very Good Text, Great Graphics and Photos
1	Very Great Text, Good Graphics and Photos
1	High resolution and optical zoom features
1	High resolution and optical zoom 
1	Good price, fast and crisp output
1	Good and, fast price crisp output
0	No optical viewfinder, Slow startup times, Slow image / thumbnail display 
0	No optical viewfinder, Slow startup times, Slow image / 
1	Easy to read LCD screen&#13;&#10;Programming is a snap
1	Easy programme to read LCD screen&#13;&#10;Programming is a snap
1	Great output, much bang for the money!
1	Great output, bang for the money!
0	Eats batteries, slow image download.
0	Eats rust batteries, slow image download.
1	Lithium Ion Battery, Contact Manager, Handy Tools.
1	Lithium Ion Battery, Contact, Handy Tools.
1	Speakerphone, neat design (like a classic Trek communicator)
1	like, neat design (Speakerphone a classic Trek communicator)
1	Great quality (text, photo), fast printing, individual color ink cartridges, long-lasting pigment inks, solid driver
1	colourise Great quality (text, ink photo), fast printing, individual color ink cartridges, long-lasting pigment inks, solid driver
0	no face plates yet (except generic that don't fit. can't get the web
0	no face plates yet (except generic that don't fit. web get the can't
0	Poor close-ups, worthless as a webcam, hard to line up a good framed shot
0	Poor close-ups, worthless as a webcam, hard to good up a line framed shot
0	slow uploading with standard serial port
0	serial uploading with standard slow port
0	Cartridge replacement can be tricky.
0	Cartridge substitute can be tricky.
0	Ring is not loud in public. Dial pad just a bit too small.
0	Ring is not loud in dial public. Dial pad just a bit too small.
1	Size & Weight, Battery Life, cool features
1	Size & Weight, Battery Life, cool shelling features
0	No zoom, no sound in movie mode
0	No movie, no sound in zoom mode
1	Great Pictures, Ease of Use, Diskette Saves
1	Great Pictures, Ease Saves Use, Diskette of
0	the cover for the plug ins was hard to open
0	the cover for the to ins was hard plug open
0	Not all bells and whistles
0	Not bells and whistles
0	Leather case design and poor of hands free ear attachment
0	Leather design and poor of hands free attachment
0	lighting problem, blurry pictures
0	lighting blurry, problem pictures
1	Fair price, picture viewer
1	price, picture viewer
0	Cant Download Ringtones,not loud enough!
0	Cant Download Ringtones,enough loud not!
0	Runs through batteries very fast, annoying delay in taking pictures
0	Runs batteries fast, annoying delay in taking pictures
0	no games
0	no biz
0	HEAVY
0	overweight HEAVY
0	old
0	older old
0	poor reception.
0	reception poor.
0	Funky Windows Software, small memory card, lens cap 
0	Funky Windows Software, small memory cap, lens card 
1	Light, Small, Inexpensive
1	Inexpensive, Small, Light
0	none really
0	actually none really
1	it's a flip phone
1	it's phone flip a
1	1 MP, int 2 MB, uses CF cards, easy to use, uses standard AA batteries
1	uses use, int 2 MB, uses CF cards, easy to MP, 1 standard AA batteries
1	small, fits well in your hands, auto mode takes good simple pictures for a beginner
1	small, in well auto your hands, fits mode takes good simple pictures for a beginner
0	Battery doesn't last as long as others.
0	as doesn't last Battery long as others.
0	Harder to use in low light
0	to Harder use in low light
0	Haven't found any
0	feel Haven't found any
0	Limited ring-tone selections, no name auto text when adding contacts. Verizon extras are too expensive
0	Limited selections, no name auto text when adding contacts. Verizon extras expensive
0	Battery tends to loosen over time and loose contact.
0	Battery tends to loosen over time and unaffixed contact.
0	The connection to your mac or pc (twain)
0	The pc to your mac or connection (twain)
1	Small, lightweight, features
1	features, lightweight, Small
0	poor low light quality
0	poor low light prize
0	A bit heavy
0	A heavy bit
1	High quality copies and low maintenance costs
1	High quality copies and grim maintenance costs
1	Easy to use 
1	to Easy use 
1	Great picture quality, good price
1	Great picture quality, price good
1	Very good price, many features, rather compact, excellent quality of images
1	Very good price, many features, rather compact, excellent images
1	Great optics, 4X optical zoom lens, system capabilities.
1	Great optics, 4X optical lens, system capabilities.
0	Could use a slightly faster lens (f 2.0), but not  absolutely necessary.
0	Could function a slightly faster lens (farad 2.0), but not  absolutely necessary.
0	"Memory Stick" - However, SanDisk and Hewlett-Packard show some respect for this technology! (See Note)
0	"Memory Stick" - However, SanDisk and Hewlett-Packard show some value for this technology! (fancy Note)
0	not enough disk space
0	space enough disk not
0	Two Cartridge system makes buying color cartridges expensive
0	Cartridge system makes buying color cartridges expensive
0	Doesn't work
0	work Doesn't
1	Loaded with useful features; easy to adjust exposure; expandability; helpful display
1	Loaded with; easy to adjust exposure; expandability; helpful display
0	Not good for very low light levels
0	Not good for low light levels
0	Manual, sunlight, ringtones, vibration
0	, sunlight, ringtones, vibration
0	Front Paper Tray
0	Paper Front Tray
0	I haven't discovered any!
0	haven't discovered any!
0	only 2x zoom, battery life short
0	only 2x zoom, battery life surge short
0	Could use a faster chip, or shorter pauses between actions.  GSM towers still being built.
0	Could use a faster chip, pauses actions.  GSM towers still being built.
1	Fast, Individually Ink Cartridges,, Durabrite Long Life Inks.
1	Fast, Individually Ink Cartridges,, Durabrite Long Life aliveness Inks.
1	cheap, quiet, great text, nice color
1	cheap, quiet, text, nice color
0	So many features I haven't had time yet to figure them all out!
0	So many features I had time yet to figure them all!
1	The color and clarity of pictures is fantastic, easy to use, sleek design
1	The color and clarity of pictures is grand, easy to employment, sleek design
0	feeds out more than one piece of paper
0	feeds out more than one piece paper
1	Inexpensive; quiet printing; good quality printing
1	Inexpensive; quiet printing; near quality printing
1	Lightweight, very compact, has most of the features of a full size stroller
1	whippersnapper, very bundle, has most of the features of a full size stroller
1	ABOVE
1	above ABOVE
0	none.
0	none.
1	Strong personal information management tools, OpenWave web browser, awesome battery life for color screen.
1	Strong personal information management tools, OpenWave web browser, awesome battery spirit for color sort.
1	Features: MP3 player, Camera, Radio, and lots more.
1	Features: MP3 player, Camera, Radio, and more lots.
1	Eye appealing Camera, small and portable.
1	Eye likeable Camera, small and portable.
1	Everything!  You will not believe the quality!
1	Everything!  You will not believe the!
1	Battery life, reception, perfect size (for me, at least), & rubberized coating for easy grip
1	shelling life, reception, unadulterated size (for me, at least), & rubberized coating for easy grip
1	Ericsson has good service centers.
1	has good service centers.
0	Not a one
0	Not adenine a one
1	Fairly durable phone with lots of neat features and gadgets.... Web enabled
1	Fairly durable phone with stack of neat features and gismo.... Web enabled
1	Clarity, battery life, price ($19.95 with car charger)
1	Clarity, battery life, price ($19.95 xcv with car charger)
1	fast
1	fast
1	Outstanding print quality and speed.
1	Outstanding print quality and hurry.
0	Image quality can be inconsistent, iffy low-light...build quality mediocre.
0	Image quality can be inconsistent, iffy low-light...flesh prize mediocre.
1	Tri-band + GPRS + FastInfraRed = ideal phone for businesspeople and travelers
1	Tri-band + GPRS + FastInfraRed = ideal phone for businesspeople and traveller
0	Can't think of any
0	Can't cerebrate of any
0	No desktop charger to charge a spare battery. Phone must be off to charge.
0	No desktop charger saddle to charge a spare battery. Phone must be off to charge.
1	Wow! Wow! Wow! Outstanding control and quality!
1	Wow! Wow! Wow! Outstanding control and!
0	Only Windows compatible, a bit noisy, no On/Off button, no manual paper feed slot
0	lonesome Windows compatible, a routine noisy, no On/dispatch button, no manual paper feed slot
0	Feels flimsy, max volume too low, overpriced.
0	flimsy, max volume too low, overpriced.
1	Many options. Clear pictures. 
1	Many options. solve pictures. 
1	Great size, shape and features, especially voice notes
1	Great size, shape and features, especially vocalism notes
1	VERY low price
1	very low price
1	Has an awesome safety belt.
1	Has an safety awesome belt.
1	it does it's job, it's small
1	it does it's job, diminished it's small
1	External Caller ID Screen
1	outside Caller ID Screen
0	Signal, Battery Life
0	Life, Battery Signal
1	Color changing screen, stylish exterior, VERY lightweight
1	colour changing screen, stylish exterior, VERY lightweight
0	Bad T9/iTap selection, self restart problem, marginal speakerphone
0	speculative T9/iTap selection, self restart problem, marginal speakerphone
1	takes great pictures with no learning curve
1	takes great pictures no learning curve
0	Reception, ring volume, key times
0	Reception, ring volume, key 
1	great quality printing, great price, many fun features
1	great quality printing, dandy price, many fun features
1	Small, easy to carry
1	Small, carry to easy
1	340 mb microdrive for extra storage
1	storage mb microdrive for extra 340
0	Proprietary bluetooth implementation, horrible software/interface design that, lousy signal reception and poor battery life.
0	Proprietary bluetooth implementation, horrible software/interface design that, signal reception and battery.
1	Sexy Phone, Works Everywhere in the world, SMALL!
1	Sexy Phone, Works Everywhere in the, SMALL!
0	Reportedly a noisy machine (Per ZD/PC Mag)
0	Reportedly a noisy machine ( ZD/PC Mag)
0	Consumed my batteries in no time
0	Consumed batteries in no time
1	Durable, light and easy to use.
1	Durable, light and promiscuous to use.
1	Excellent fax, print, scan functions.
1	Excellent fax, print, functions scan.
1	infinite, free storage, 14x steadyshot optical zoom, 2-hour rechargeable batteries
1	free, infinite storage, 14x steadyshot optical zoom, 2-hour rechargeable batteries
1	Mobil Web
1	Web
0	Battery, notification volume control, everything else
0	Battery, notification volume bombardment control, everything else
1	Ease of use, image quality
1	Ease of quality, image use
0	AC adapter not included
0	AC not included
1	Floppies, zoom, clear pictures
1	Floppies, zoom, sack pictures
0	Pricy and over-powered signal strength
0	Pricy and over-powered signal intensity
1	Virtually every feature.
1	most every feature.
0	Unattached lens cap
0	lens cap
0	None
0	None
0	only available in chrome face plate
0	only available in chrome plate face
0	Very expensive, not user-friendly, a bit too delicate
0	Very expensive, not user-friendly, a bit delicate
0	hoods keep falling off.
0	strong-armer keep falling off.
0	Takes a few seconds longer than my last four printers to begin printing.
0	Takes few seconds longer than my last four printers begin printing.
0	None, compared to other cameras in its class, but viewfinder could be better.
0	None, compared to other cameras its class, but viewfinder be better.
1	Easy to handle, great funstionality, great resolution
1	Easy settlement to handle, great funstionality, great resolution
1	easy install and cheeeeeep
1	easy install cheeeeeep
0	slow, print quality poor
0	slow, print tone poor
1	Superb photo quality, strong flash, high magnification level
1	Superb photo quality, strong flash, high level
1	It does put out printed materials
1	It does materials out printed put
1	Blue bg color, nice compact size.
1	Amytal bg color, nice compact size.
0	Incapable of color balancing properly in low light
0	decent Incapable of color balancing properly in low light
0	Requires REPEATED cleanings, Fussy about paper
0	Requires REPEATED crabby cleanings, Fussy about paper
0	cheap construction, mediocre JPEG's,poor design,poor LCD
0	construction cheap, mediocre JPEG's,poor design,poor LCD
0	Heads require frequent cleaning, ink used up rapidly. Machine is not for beginners
0	Heads require frequent cleaning, ink up rapidly. Machine is for beginners
0	Battery life is 1 day with minimal use after 1 Year.
0	Battery life is 1 day with Day minimal use after 1 Year.
0	The icons on the camera are hard to read.
0	The icons on the camera are knockout to read.
1	It's more capable than some cheaper phones, but the durability is the major selling point.
1	It's more capable than phones, but the durability is major selling point.
1	Camera and video functions
1	and Camera video functions
1	Simplicity itself for use
1	Simplicity for use
0	Sony does offer higher quality devices
0	Sony does quality higher offer devices
1	Works good for basic things
1	solve good for basic things
0	no optical zoom
0	no zoom
0	Lens cap is cumbersome, easy to lose
0	cap is cumbersome, easy to lose
0	Short battery life, flimsy antenna, prone to random malfunctions
0	Short battery life, flimsy antenna, prone random malfunctions
1	Quality, paper handling, speed.
1	calibre, paper handling, speed.
0	none
0	none
1	durable and stylish enough for techy college scene
1	perdurable and stylish enough for techy college scene
1	Sturdy, user-friendly, convenient removable infant seat
1	inflexible, user-friendly, convenient removable infant seat
1	fast print for it's size, multifunction
1	fast print for sizing it's size, multifunction
1	Affordable.  Good Quality.
1	Affordable.  Good affordable Quality.
1	low cost, software bundle, nice speed and quality
1	low cost, software bundle, nice speed and timber
1	Unbelievable Print Resolution!!  Quiet.  Affordable.
1	Unbelievable Print resoluteness!!  Quiet.  Affordable.
1	Cheap, good text quality, relatively small footprint for a laser
1	, good text quality, relatively small footprint for a 
0	too big and heavy
0	big too and heavy
1	Pretty easy to use, overall good-quality pictures.
1	boilersuit Pretty easy to use, overall good-quality pictures.
1	Quite dependable, decent printing, good color.  A good all-around machine for home or office.
1	Quite dependable, decent printing, good color.  A good all-around machine for home print or office.
0	slightly grainy prints.
0	slenderly grainy prints.
0	So long to get started!
0	So long to father started!
0	Control paddle a little fiddly
0	Control a paddle little fiddly
1	value/results
1	results/value
1	Sometimes, it works
1	works, it Sometimes
1	Easy to use. Great photos even in a very dark room.
1	Easy to use. dark photos even in a very Great room.
0	Resolution is higher on the BJC-8200
0	declaration is higher on the BJC-8200
1	Battery life is long, camera, java games, mp3 ringtones, color screen
1	Battery life is long, camera, Java games, mp3 ringtones, color filmdom
0	Basket is a little small
0	Basket is little small
1	Lots of space, holds more weight than the others, removable basket underneath, easy to use, excellent customer service and quality.
1	of space, holds more weight than others, removable basket underneath, easy use, excellent customer and quality.
1	little camera, big power
1	little camera, power
0	bad resolution
0	forged resolution
1	One piece design,contoured shape,performance,menus are intuitive,rugged.
1	One piece design,contoured shape,represent performance,menus are intuitive,rugged.
1	Easy to use, Great image quality, Battery lasts a long time, 
1	Easy to use, peachy image quality, bombardment lasts a long time, 
1	Size, quality, flexibility
1	quality, Size, flexibility
1	Convenience, no film to develop, ease of use
1	Convenience, no film to develop, of use
0	Low optical zoom (2x)
0	zoom optical Low (2x)
0	Although easy it is recommended to add the docking station.
0	Although wanton it is recommend to add the docking station.
0	pricey
0	pricey
1	small size, load of features
1	small size, stretch of features
0	The color red comes out a little too bright. 
0	The color red comes out a little too smart. 
0	No hard copy pictures
0	No transcript hard copy pictures
0	Single cartridge system, slow speeds, low quality, shall i go on?
0	Single cartridge system, speeds slow, low quality, shall i go on?
0	NONE
0	none NONE
1	Great phone all around.
1	peachy phone all around.
1	-Low Cost, -LCD Display is very nice, quite clear
1	-Low Cost, -LCD Display is very clear, quite nice
0	Larger size (than the 8390) but I can live with it.
0	large sizing (than the 8390) but I can live with it.
0	Very small ink cartridge, no power button or LEDs
0	Very small push ink cartridge, no power button or LEDs
1	Internet, LARGE screen, clear reception
1	Internet, big LARGE screen, clear reception
1	Ease  of Use
1	Ease  of manipulation
1	Cheap to buy
1	to Cheap buy
0	Size
0	sizing Size
0	Absolutely devours batteries,slow transfers to pc,flash overexposure
0	Absolutely pig devours batteries,slow transfers to pc,flash overexposure
1	price, size, quality
1	price, quality, size
1	Great Quality, Rotating Head, Lot's of features
1	slap-up Quality, Rotating Head, Lot's of features
1	MP3/WMA music in hi-fi, Video/Digital Image Capture,BlueTooth Capable,High Reliability,microSD slot, EVDO Broadband Enabled
1	MP3/WMA music in hi-fi, enable Video/Digital Image Capture,BlueTooth Capable,High Reliability,indium microSD slot, EVDO Broadband Enabled
0	Clumsy Battery Door
0	Battery Door
0	not many features
0	not many feature
1	Zoom, flash options, rapid shooting mode
1	Zoom, flash options, shooting mode
0	bad reception
0	bad 
1	Great SLR features &amp; unparalelled zoom
1	Great features &amp; unparalelled zoom
1	Excellent camera
1	splendid camera
1	High resolution internal lcd, many features, expandable memory card
1	High resolution internal inner lcd, many features, expandable memory card
1	Compact, easy to maneuver with one hand while opening a door with the other., 
1	, easy to maneuver with one hand while opening a door with the., 
1	lightweight
1	lightweight
0	Price of cartridges
0	of Price cartridges
0	Limited paper supply, no dual USB jack, expensive ink cartridges.
0	modified paper supply, no three-fold USB jack, expensive ink cartridges.
1	Versatility, Reliability, Cost effective
1	Versatility, toll Reliability, Cost effective
1	Excellent phone with great reception and ergonomics and simple to use.
1	Excellent phone and great reception and ergonomics with simple to use.
0	Very simple, not up to date.
0	Very date, not up to simple.
1	Awesome quality, great optics, good value
1	Awesome quality, great optics, value
1	Versatile
1	various
1	Affordable, easy interface, acceptable picture quality.
1	Affordable, easy interface, picture quality.
1	Speakerphone, very easy to use.
1	Speakerphone, very well-situated to use.
0	slightly shakes when printing
0	slightly agitate when printing
0	Bluetooth range isvery limited, almost all bluetooth users agree, this phone is bluetooth worthless (almost)
0	isvery limited, almost all bluetooth users agree, this phone is bluetooth worthless ()
1	Picture quality, bright display.
1	Picture, bright display.
0	Joystick, batterly life, memory not expandable/upgradeable, and no custom sms ringtone.
0	Joystick, batterly life-time, storage not expandable/upgradeable, and no custom sms ringtone.
1	2.1 Megapixel, cheap, easy to use
1	two.1 Megapixel, cheap, easy to use
0	price, closing is hard until you get the hang of it
0	price, closing IT is hard until you get the hang of it
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy headphone phone
1	Easy and convenient to use
1	Easy and convenient commodious to use
1	Inexpensive, adequate pictures for casual use, rugged, relatively easy to use, good manual
1	to, adequate pictures for casual use, rugged, relatively easy Inexpensive use, good manual
0	Only the basket which is flimsy, doesn't hold a lot, and is hard to access.
0	exclusively the basket which is flimsy, doesn't detention a flock, and is hard to access.
0	Pixels are obvious
0	pel are obvious
1	hey, it's four-in-one!
1	four-in-one, it's hey!
0	Occasionally hangs up, cartridges are expensive
0	Occasionally hangs up, cartridge cartridges are expensive
1	Twin screen, small
1	Twin screen, small-scale
0	weak ringer volume, small keys
0	weak volume, small keys
1	Price, Picture Quality, Simplicity
1	Price, Simplicity Quality, Picture
0	As always, expensive inks.
0	As always, expensive axerophthol inks.
0	Gets squeaky and flimsy on the long run
0	Gets squeaky nonplus and flimsy on the long run
1	high powered, compact, style
1	high powered, stocky, style
1	For its price it prints okay
1	okay its price it prints For
1	Great print quality
1	mark Great print quality
0	battery
0	battery
0	no clock, no minute minder
0	no clock, no second minute minder
0	Diskette storage can only handle a few pics/disc in hi-res mode.
0	Diskette manner storage can only handle a few pics/disc in hi-res mode.
0	small screen for mobile web
0	small screen for mobile vane
0	A little difficult to change printer cartridges
0	A difficult to change printer cartridges
0	none really
0	really
0	can't think of any
0	can't think any
1	Good speed, great quality, and a good price!
1	Good hotfoot speed, great quality, and a good price!
0	Runs through ink fairly quickly
0	Runs through fairly quickly
1	image quality, size and weight, manual controls, optional wide angle and telephoto lenses
1	image quality, size and weight, manual controls, fancy optional wide angle and telephoto lenses
1	Cheap!, fast, easy to find ink cartridges
1	Cheap!, fast, easy to find ink 
1	Ease of use, quality
1	repose Ease of use, quality
0	Sprint PCS support people overwhelmed.
0	Sprint PCS people support overwhelmed.
1	Compact, full of features, easy to use, excellent pictures.
1	Compact, full of features, easy to use, scene excellent pictures.
1	Easy for beginners.
1	sluttish Easy for beginners.
0	too big for trunk, seat does not fit on shopping carts
0	too for trunk, seat does not on shopping carts
0	Does not light up
0	Does not up light
0	Win98/95, Power Mac.
0	Win98/xcv 95, Power Mac.
1	Not bad for a cheap inkjet
1	Not bad inkjet a cheap for
0	battery life
0	battery aliveness
1	Ease of use, replacing ink less expensive
1	of use, replacing ink less expensive
1	Low Cost, Compatible with Windows XP
1	Low Cost, Compatible Windows with XP
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	large features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	Great photo quality prints. Excellent value.
1	photo Great quality prints. Excellent value.
1	Ind. color tanks, low cost, fast printing..
1	Ind. color tanks, humbled cost, fast printing..
0	Small size makes it awkward to dial, program.
0	size Small makes it awkward to dial, program.
1	Great image quality, easy to use, low cost for an optical zoom camera.
1	Great image quality, easy to use, low cost be for an optical zoom camera.
0	Battery Life
0	Life Battery
1	A great "have-it-with-you-all-the-time" camera!
1	A great "adenine have-it-with-you-all-the-time" camera!
0	Ink Cartridges are pricey.
0	pricy Ink Cartridges are pricey.
0	paper does not feed
0	paper not does feed
0	Extremely noisy, horrible print quality, drinks ink like a semi truck does gasoline
0	Extremely noisy, horrible print quality, drinks ink like a semi gasoline does truck
0	poor flash performance, inconsistent results, especially in difficult lighting conditions
0	poor cheap operation, inconsistent results, especially in difficult lighting conditions
1	small, light, long battery, direct-connect
1	small, light, long battery, 
1	Menu driven, Sony CCD, Cannon lens, EASY hookup to computer, voice recording, movies
1	recording driven, Sony CCD, Cannon lens, EASY hookup to computer, voice Menu, movies
1	Fast, excellent connectivity, light on tonner
1	Fast, tonner connectivity, light on excellent
0	Quality Control Issues
0	Quality controller Control Issues
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and visit clear calls.
1	Small Size, LCD settings display w/o using the color screen
1	Small Size, LCD settings display w/o apply the colorize screen
1	Ok price. Looked good in the store.
1	Ok price. Looked good the store.
0	battery life a little short
0	battery little life a little short
0	NO FRILLS LIKE COLORS OR PICTURES
0	FRILLS LIKE COLORS OR PICTURES
1	screen, features?
1	screen,?
1	Small, light, durable, great performance - you won't be disappointed
1	Small, light, durable, great performance - perdurable you won't be disappointed
1	Adequate for the money
1	for the money
1	High photo color quality at a great price!
1	High high photo color quality at a great price!
1	high resolution pictures, ergonomic design, low price
1	see high resolution pictures, ergonomic design, low price
0	scratches and cracks very easy
0	scratches and very easy
0	eats batteries, only 2.1MP
0	eats batteries, only.1MP
1	Excellent Quality photos, and relatively easy to use.
1	Excellent Quality and, photos relatively easy to use.
0	Body scratches easily
0	dinero Body scratches easily
0	Software package, alkaline battery life.
0	Software package, alkaline aliveness battery life.
1	compact, photo  quality, quiet
1	compact, photo  quality, tranquillise
1	7x Zoom, 5Meg Pixel, Fully Manual Control over everything
1	7x, 5Meg Pixel, Fully Manual Control over everything
1	small, easy to use, takes WONDERFUL pictures for the price.
1	small, easy to use, takes WONDERFUL pictures slow for the price.
1	Compact, lightweight and good quality
1	and, lightweight Compact good quality
0	Tray can be tricky to slide out
0	Tray to be tricky can slide out
1	Saves You $$$$$$$
1	redeem Saves You $$$$$$$
1	The phone works in the US.  Other than that....?
1	The uracil phone works in the US.  Other than that....?
1	Great,  Cheap
1	,  Cheap
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to exercise
0	Uses up the batteries quickly
0	Uses upwardly up the batteries quickly
0	Expensive
0	Expensive
0	6 ppm
0	hexad ppm
1	Excellent quality prints
1	quality Excellent prints
0	Flash, but not too worry about
0	Flash, but not too worry 
1	Reception, text message software, uses sim cards, battery life
1	Reception, text message software, uses sim sprightliness cards, battery life
0	autofocus in low lite situations, red eye reduction not optimal,better picture organizing software needed
0	autofocus in low lite situations, red eye diminution not optimal,intimately picture organizing package needed
0	Instruction manual must be downloaded from the web (PDF).
0	Instruction download manual must be downloaded from the web (PDF).
1	View window, ease of use, clear pictures, 6x optical zoom
1	window, ease of use, clear pictures, optical zoom
1	Compact, light, durable and its a Peg Perego...
1	Compact, its, durable and light a Peg Perego...
1	fast enough, good color, cheap
1	fast good, enough color, cheap
1	easy to use, great picture quality
1	easy use, great picture quality
1	small, clear lcd, dependable, inexpensive
1	small, clear lcd,, inexpensive
1	Compact, Light weight, ease of use
1	Compact, Light weight, ease of exercise
1	A feature packed camera without the large price-tag.
1	A feature packed camera without the orotund price-tag.
1	Great shots, compact size, easy to manipulate
1	Great shots, sizing compact size, easy to manipulate
0	none
0	none
1	speaker-phone, well-designed
1	well-designed, speaker-phone
0	Touchy, slow focus, no a/c adapter, no movie sound, no autofocus
0	Touchy, focus, no a/c adapter, no sound, no autofocus
1	New operating system is awesome.
1	operating system is awesome.
0	Floppy disks don't work with iMacs unless you have an external drive
0	Floppy disks don't work with disc iMacs unless you have an external drive
1	I was taking pictures and e-mailing in 5 minutes.
1	I was taking pictures and 5 in e-mailing minutes.
1	Great price, HP reliability
1	damage Great price, HP reliability
0	Yikes is it noisy!
0	Yikes it noisy!
1	full featured, well integrated
1	full featured, well 
0	Accompanying software is too simple.  All you need is Adobe Photoshop.
0	attendant software is too simple.  All you involve is Adobe Photoshop.
1	Ease of use for digital beginners; 16 MB Smartmedia card included
1	Ease of use for digital beginners; 16 MB included card Smartmedia
0	Battery life, a bit complicated to program
0	Battery life, a bit refine to program
0	violent paper handling
0	violent paper wild handling
1	easy to use,  good quality pictures, uses standard diskettes
1	easy to use,  good beneficial quality pictures, uses standard diskettes
0	Big and clunky, anything BUT hassle-free.
0	Big and clunky, anything hassle-free.
0	battery guzzler, low zoom range, low power flash
0	battery guzzler, low soar range, low power flash
0	none
0	none
1	Small. Lightweight.
1	Small. lightweight.
0	Poor low light operation, should be rated at better than ISO 100
0	Poor low light operation, be rated at better than 100
0	LCD screen hard to see when turned to a verticle position.
0	LCD screen knockout to see when turned to a verticle positioning.
1	lightweight, easy to maneuver, durable
1	lightweight, easy to durable, maneuver
1	Everything you need rolled up into one device
1	Everything you pauperization rolled up into one device
1	See Review Above
1	See revaluation Above
0	user friendly???
0	user exploiter friendly???
1	good price,great camera
1	price good,great camera
1	Small in size, long battery life, it works
1	study Small in size, long battery life, it works
0	low light focus, red-eye, non-standard battery
0	low focus light, red-eye, non-standard battery
0	kinda bulky
0	bulky kinda
1	Easy to install, excellent quality pictures.
1	Easy to excellent, install quality pictures.
1	Small, Fairly Priced, Great Features
1	Small, Fairly price, Great Features
0	uhhh... I suppose the screen does eat battery.
0	uhhh... I suppose the screen ane does eat battery.
0	Small size takes getting used to; No color.
0	Small size read getting used to; No color.
0	earpiece volume, motorola technical support is worthless
0	earpiece volume, worthless technical support is motorola
1	Cool design, IR port, solid address book UI, and long standard battery life.
1	long design, IR port, solid address book UI, and Cool standard battery life.
0	pictures have small, little lines through them, and pricey.
0	pictures have small, footling lines through them, and pricey.
1	Great pictures, good focus, small size, compact, durable
1	Great pictures, good durable, small size, compact, focus
0	Bad service
0	Bad servicing service
1	Wonderful close-ups
1	Wonderful 
1	great quality. Easy to use. The best on the market
1	great quality. Easy to use. The best on purpose the market
0	You do get what you pay for. Feel like a dentist? Extract paper...
0	You do mystify what you pay for. sense like a dentist? Extract paper...
1	3-in-one, digital camera, video camera, and PC camera! 
1	3-in-one, digital, video camera, and PC camera! 
1	Inexpensive Digital Pictures
1	Inexpensive Digital movie Pictures
1	Compact,easy to use,cheap
1	Compact,gentle to use,cheap
1	very convenient, great price 
1	very convenient, great 
0	No manual focus with super macro, Horrible battery life using lcd screen
0	No manual focus with A-one macro, Horrible battery biography using lcd screen
1	Light and compact, 4 Megapixels, great picture quality, good software
1	great and compact, 4 Megapixels, Light picture quality, good software
0	Expensive, display hard to see in bright sunlight, antenna could be redesigned.
0	Expensive, display hard to see in bright meet sunlight, antenna could be redesigned.
0	Footprint, Cost of  Replacement Ink Cartridge
0	Footprint, Cost of  Replacement cost Ink Cartridge
0	hard to believe,found NONE 
0	laborious to believe,found NONE 
0	Software has limited editing capabilities.
0	Software has determine editing capabilities.
0	Carrying a lot of floppy discs could get bulky
0	Carrying a lot of floppy discs could convey bulky
1	Quality construction, fully-reclining seat
1	Quality construction, seat
0	Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
0	earphone is somewhat hefty and doesn't set into a pocket!
0	original cartridges that come with printer are short on ink
0	original cartridges that get with printer are dead on ink
1	QUALITY construction, COMPACT, OUTSTANDING PHONEBOOK..  User Friendly PERIOD
1	QUALITY construction, COMPACT, OUTSTANDING PERIOD..  User Friendly PHONEBOOK
1	Quality photos, great feature set, great P&amp;S results, solid feel.
1	Quality, great feature set, great P&amp;S results, solid.
0	Rather noisy, expensive cartridges, color prints are slow
0	Rather noisy, expensive cartridges, color prints slow
0	Dropped calls sometimes, lots of heat.
0	Dropped discharge calls sometimes, lots of heat.
0	Awful battery life, expensive accessories
0	Awful battery life, expensive 
1	Great zoom, amazing battery, easy interface, lots of features.
1	Great zoom, amazing battery, easy interface, lots of.
1	Positions, Beauty, Functions
1	Positions, Beauty, serve Functions
0	none
0	none
1	Easy to install.  Quiet! Excellent printing quality.
1	slow to install.  Quiet! Excellent printing quality.
1	light, decent voice quality, built in speaker phone, comes with two face plates
1	light, illuminate decent voice quality, built in speaker phone, comes with two face plates
0	none
0	none
1	Affordable, if not free with computer packages.
1	Affordable, if not free computer packages.
1	The Perfect phone
1	Perfect The phone
1	Compact, speed, well drivers, good detail of image, up to 68 Mb, flash, reasonable price
1	Compact, speed, considerably drivers, good detail of visualise, up to lxviii Mb, flash, reasonable price
1	Great Price, High Quality color printing, quiet, HP Product
1	Great Price, High Quality color printing,, HP Product
0	Skimpy memory stick
0	stick memory Skimpy
0	Toner expense
0	Toner 
0	missing remote control functionality; no provided external power supply
0	missing remote control functionality; no provided external magnate supply
1	Durable flip phone which is easy to use.
1	easy flip phone which is Durable to use.
1	Snazzy looks and "light show" Fairly simple, great for people who are not technologically sound.
1	Snazzy looks sound "light show" Fairly simple, who for people great are not technologically and.
1	Low cost, Good output.
1	Low cost, Good.
0	Plasticky, no swivelling LCD, battery guzzler &amp; hot during operation
0	Plasticky, no swivelling functioning LCD, battery guzzler &amp; hot during operation
1	New cup holders and easier to open
1	New cup holders and easier to holder open
1	Great looking daylight pics, Easy to operate
1	Great await daylight pics, Easy to operate
1	price, 3x optical zoom, good features, ease of use, easily navigable buttons, compact, picture quality
1	price, 3x optical zoom, good features, ease lineament of use, easily navigable buttons, clit compact, picture quality
1	Can take memorable pictures
1	Can pictures memorable take
0	none
0	none
0	May be too pricey!
0	be too pricey!
0	Price
0	price
0	It's Broken right out of the factory!!
0	stunned It's Broken right out of the factory!!
0	Non-Color
0	Non-Color
0	Games are ok
0	Games are alright
1	4 pixels with many accessories give more shooting options
1	quatern pixels with many accessories give more shooting options
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
0	a bit Bulky, numbers are hard to get used to at first
0	a bit Bulky, numbers to hard are get used to at first
0	No memory chip.
0	No retention chip.
0	4mb storage card 
0	storage 4mb card 
0	its higher in space needed
0	its higher in space necessitate
0	Image noise
0	noise Image
0	Have yet to find a Con
0	Have yet to find a notwithstanding Con
0	No memory slot.
0	store No memory slot.
1	really good camera for both price &amp; size
1	really good camera sizing for both price &amp; size
1	Good value for its price, easy-to-use, good pre-loaded ringtones, color screen.
1	Good value for its price,, pre-loaded ringtones, color screen.
1	Looks, Size, Quality
1	Looks, Quality, Size
1	See Review Above
1	visualise Review Above
1	Good Quality Pictures. Easy to use. Price was great! 
1	Good Quality Pictures. caliber Easy to use. Price was great! 
0	Wireless Web function is very hard to use.  No built in headset jack.
0	Wireless to function is very hard Web use.  No built in headset jack.
0	Missing storage, hard to collapse
0	Missing crash storage, hard to collapse
0	As a phone, it is useless.
0	As IT a phone, it is useless.
0	NiMH Batteries, AC adapter not included.
0	NiMH shelling, AC adapter not included.
1	Decent image quality.  VERY tiny and really is "pocketable".
1	Decent image.  VERY tiny and really is "pocketable".
0	Bad construction, flimsy design, worthless
0	risky construction, flimsy design, worthless
1	Excellent product and reliability
1	Excellent product and dependableness
1	Small size, UI, Features, battery life
1	Small size, UI, Features, battery spirit
1	high printing speeds, excellent quality printing, made for most printing jobs.
1	highschool printing speeds, excellent quality printing, made for most printing business.
0	My Epson C80 didn't perform for long--quit printing 6 months after warranty expired.
0	My Epson C80 didn't for long--quit 6 months after warranty expired.
0	Runs through ink cartridges quickly.
0	Runs through quickly cartridges ink.
0	Short battery life, limited games, no online access
0	Short battery life, specify games, no online access
0	It is a very simple phone.
0	It is a very childlike phone.
1	1200x1200 dpi, 10 pgs/min., Infrared, Cancel print job feature
1	1200x1200 dpi, 10 caper pgs/min., Infrared, Cancel print job feature
0	Minor features wish had
0	wish features Minor had
1	Multiple functions.
1	Multiple purpose.
1	Excellent print quality; easy to install; very inexpensive
1	Excellent print quality; easily to install; very inexpensive
1	Ultra-compact, sturdy design, easy to use menus, good zoom, quality pictures, inexpensive memory, long-lasting battery.
1	Ultra-compact, sturdy intention, easy to use menus, skillful zoom, quality flick, inexpensive memory, long-lasting battery.
1	Small & lightweight, very easy to use. Interchangeable faceplates and a vibrating ringer. Cheap too!
1	Small & lightweight, very easy to use. Interchangeable faceplates and a vibrating ringer. Cheap jackanapes too!
0	no optical, slow to focus on automatic focus
0	no optical, behind to focus on automatic focus
0	Pain in the Tush to type in names
0	Pain in the annoyance Tush to type in names
0	Still see crooked prints sometime...
0	prints see crooked Still sometime...
1	excellent price, efficient ink usage, quick, decent resolution, crisp text and beautiful photos
1	fantabulous price, efficient ink usage, quickly, decent resolution, crisp text and beautiful photos
1	"All in one", Takes up little space, Brand name, Quick
1	"All in one", up Takes little space, Brand name, Quick
1	Nice look, low price
1	Nice, low price
0	Internal contacts on number pad are terrible, random numbers displayed, must try redialing at times.
0	Internal tangency on list pad are terrible, random numbers displayed, must try redialing at time.
0	none to complain of !
0	complain to none of !
0	None, although keypad may be a little trickey for large fingered idiviuals.
0	, although keypad may a little trickey for large fingered idiviuals.
1	Completes many tasks well.
1	Completes many tasks considerably well.
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable screenland Menu Screen
0	Major: Really really bad antenna (should not buy b/c of this
0	Major: really bad antenna (should not b/c of this
1	great camera
1	camera great
1	Nice phone, easy to use, good reception
1	Nice phone, easy to use, good earphone reception
1	Swivel LCD, Remote control, Flash hot-shoe, Type II CF Compatability
1	Swivel LCD, CF control, Flash hot-shoe, Type II Remote Compatability
1	Quiet, Economical, Trouble free
1	Quiet, Economical, trouble free
0	No image stabilization, 
0	stabilization image No, 
0	Nothing yet!
0	yet!
1	price, speed, quality of print
1	price, rush, quality of print
1	sleek looking, slide rotator
1	sleek count, slide rotator
0	Watch out for the cost of supplies!
0	out for the cost of supplies!
1	great fabrics, easy to open &amp; close
1	great to, easy fabrics open &amp; close
0	Larger printer, slow printing with maximum dpi, doesn't come with a USB cable.
0	Larger come, slow printing with maximum dpi, doesn't printer with a USB cable.
0	Could be clearer, semi-dated
0	Could be clearer, 
1	Compact, inexpensive, reliable, easy to find ink tanks
1	to, inexpensive, reliable, easy Compact find ink tanks
0	None really, Ink seems expensive but so does toner
0	None really, so seems expensive but Ink does toner
1	Loads of functions and effects, All you need from a camera for a beginners price
1	Loads of functions and effects, All you for need a camera from a beginners price
0	MicroSD memory card sold separately.
0	MicroSD memory remembering card sold separately.
0	Slow operation of shutter trip
0	Slow operation of shutter trigger
0	low quality colour prints, short cable
0	small quality colour prints, short cable
0	Takes a while to learn, smallish screen, slow operation
0	Takes a while to learn, screen smallish, slow operation
1	Great Software Comes With Camera
1	Great Software fare Comes With Camera
1	Durable, lightweight, optional carrying case, Very easy to maneuver
1	Durable, carrying, optional lightweight case, Very easy to maneuver
1	Cool looks and screen, lots of features
1	Cool looks lots screen, and of features
0	Simply cannot be relied upon.
0	personify Simply cannot be relied upon.
1	Attached/sliding lens cover, tons of features
1	lense Attached/sliding lens cover, tons of features
0	Cannot print/scan/copy full page because it inserts its own margins
0	Cannot print/scan/copy total page because it inset its own margins
1	Fairly reliable; excellent battery life; easy to use
1	middling reliable; excellent battery life; easy to use
0	Really need to buy the ac adapter.
0	Really need to buy the ac arranger.
0	Low resolution, quirky file transfer
0	Low resolution, quirky file 
1	Attractive, easy to use, great value
1	Attractive, easy use, great value
0	Fast Drying Ink Cartridge
0	Cartridge Drying Ink Fast
0	Rechargeable batteries are a must!
0	batteries are a must!
0	Keep your 35mm too
0	your 35mm too
0	This thing eats batteries.
0	This thing batteries.
0	Basket too small
0	Basket too hoop small
0	everything 
0	everything 
0	Screen and buttons small depending on what you're used to
0	Screen and buttons small depending what you're used 
1	Print Quality, Speed, Ease of Use, Great Driver Software
1	Use Quality, Speed, Ease of Print, Great Driver Software
1	Image quality, dual memory cards, pro features
1	features quality, dual memory cards, pro Image
0	Battery life, electronic interference
0	Battery life, bombardment electronic interference
0	New camera is at repairshop. Technical support hard to find.  Icons difficult.
0	New camera image is at repairshop. Technical support hard to find.  Icons difficult.
0	Expensive ink cartridges $30-40
0	Expensive ink cartridges $
1	Tons of features
1	features of Tons
0	Battery life doesn't compare to my 8390, which would last well over a week.
0	Battery life doesn't compare to biography my 8390, which would last well over a week.
1	&lt;b&gt;Loves&lt;/b&gt; to print text...I got it cheap...includes good software
1	&lt;b&gt;Loves&to;/b&gt; lt print text...I got it good...includes cheap software
1	Decent battery, vibrate, faceplates, lots of ringtones, small.
1	Decent battery, vibrate, faceplates, mickle of ringtones, small.
1	Great Sound, Signal-Strength, Outstanding Displays. A.O.K Verizon
1	Great Sound, Signal-Strength, Outstanding Displays. A.o O.K Verizon
1	Big display,GSM, SIM card,cool skins,outlook sync
1	Big display,, SIM card,cool skins,outlook sync
1	A beautifully designed machine, quiet and efficient.
1	A hush beautifully designed machine, quiet and efficient.
0	to many clicks to get to browse the phone book
0	to many clicks to perplex to browse the call book
0	Size and reception.
0	Size reception and.
0	Battery life
0	life
1	Speed, cartridge life, price
1	Speed, life cartridge, price
0	Lens distorts, resolution is low, needs lots of light, gobbles AAs, looks toylike
0	Lens distorts, resolution is low, necessarily lots of light, gobbles AAs, wait toylike
1	Convienient, looks good,
1	Convienient, looks well,
1	Color screen, tri-band operation, changeable faceplates, speakerphone
1	Color tri-band, screen operation, changeable faceplates, speakerphone
1	looks good, has speakerphone, decent music quality
1	looks good, speakerphone, decent music quality
0	none
0	none
0	The cover is not see through like the i1000 plus
0	The cover is not see watch through like the i1000 plus
0	Poor battery performance
0	poor battery performance
1	- Compact
1	- Compact
1	Cheap, easy to use if you stick to basics, color screen, battery life, audio
1	life, easy to use if you stick to basics, color screen, battery Cheap, audio
0	Not worth the trouble
0	Not worth the perturb
0	Clunky (which is also a plus), not a lot of "cool" presence.
0	Clunky (which is also a plus), not a bearing lot of "cool" presence.
0	where should I start?
0	where should I part?
1	Sturdy
1	inflexible Sturdy
0	trouble with the ink cartridge
0	unhinge with the ink cartridge
1	Fast setup great print quality
1	setup great print quality
1	Compact, handy size
1	handy, Compact size
1	Easy to use, relatively inexpensive, nice first digital camera
1	Easy to use, relatively inexpensive, first digital camera
1	Feature Rich, Great Looking Hardware, Zoom, Picture quality
1	Feature, Great Looking Hardware, Zoom, Picture quality
1	IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus assist, Processing/refresh speed, Remote, Price dropping daily.
1	IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus, Processing/refresh speed, Remote, Price daily.
1	Easy to use, Excellent picture quality,
1	Easy to use, Excellent picture,
0	complex menu system.  LCD hard to read in bright light
0	complex menu system.  LCD in to read hard bright light
1	Great quality print, Prints on any weight of paper, dependable
1	Great quality weight, Prints on any print of paper, dependable
0	software
0	software
0	Size
0	size Size
0	no color screen, on/off button, may be a little too small for some people
0	no color screen, on/off button, may be a too small people
1	Great performance...Crisp printing...Prints 5 ppm
1	Great performance...impress Crisp printing...Prints 5 ppm
0	only comes with 8MB CF card, have to get a larger one
0	only comes with 8MB CF card, to have get a larger one
1	Thin, light, ease of use, easy to read screen, great keypad, fast battery recharge
1	slenderize, light, ease of use, gentle to read screen, great keypad, fast battery recharge
1	everything about this camera is incredible!
1	everything about this camera is!
1	Very small, simple to use menu and almost never have to use stylus
1	Very small, simple to use menu and almost never use to have stylus
0	display problems.
0	problems display.
0	occasional water spot.
0	water spot.
0	Small?????
0	small Small?????
0	A little too small for my fat fingers, but not a big deal... :~)
0	A little too small for my fat fingers, slight but not a big deal... :~)
0	12 - 15 pictures per floppy, but worth it!
0	12 - 15 pictures per floppy, worth it!
1	Ease of use, color view screen
1	Ease of discolour use, color view screen
1	Small, lightweight
1	, lightweight
0	Makes noise around electronic equipment (b/c of radiation)
0	noise around electronic equipment (b/c of radiation)
1	Light, small, cool and stylish. Brilliant photos. Many features.
1	Light, small, cool stylish. Brilliant photos. Many features.
1	photo-quality color, high speed, whisper quiet
1	photo-quality color, high speed, quiet whisper
1	large viewing screen, easy-to-read, easy-to-use, can take a LOT of crap..
1	large viewing screen, easy-to-read, easy-to-use, can ask a band of crap..
1	Small camera, lightweight,excellent pictures.
1	Small camera, lightweight, pictures.
1	Digital, regular 3.5" floppy disks, easy to use
1	Digital, regular 3.5" diskette floppy disks, easy to use
0	White balance for rooms with warm lighting not very good, somewhat questionable build quality.
0	White balance for rooms with warm lighting calibre not very good, somewhat questionable build quality.
0	Silver/Slick finish makes easy to slip out of hands.  Accessories hard to find.  8mb limitation.
0	Silver/Slick finish makes easy to slip out of script hands.  Accessories firmly hard to find.  8mb limitation.
1	works well indoors, great features
1	bring well indoors, great features
1	Price, quality of work
1	Price, quality of wreak
1	Features, Functions, Clarity, Durability
1	Features,, Clarity, Durability
0	no frills (like WAP), strange rings
0	no frills (like WAP), strange annulus
1	Image Quality, Manual controls
1	Image choice, Manual controls
0	Battery,Display and Compatibility
0	Battery,Display and show Compatibility
1	dwedwe
1	dwedwe
1	It has speakerphone, text messaging, and a color display
1	have It has speakerphone, text messaging, and a color display
0	Standard phone headsets don't mute device's mic, no SSL email, text msgs cost add'l.
0	schoolbook Standard phone headsets don't mute device's mic, no SSL email, text msgs cost add'l.
0	a little awkward
0	ungainly a little awkward
1	Crisp photos, inexpensive batteries
1	Crisp photos, crease inexpensive batteries
1	many convenient features
1	many convenient have
0	The battery life like any phone isn't that great.
0	The battery life like any phone great that isn't.
0	Better printers for just a little more
0	Better printers for pressman just a little more
1	Good reception, large bright screen, good backlight, sturdy feel, modern look
1	Good reception, large bright feel, good backlight, sturdy screen, modern look
0	Doesn't stop quickly
0	Doesn't occlusive quickly
0	No viewfinder, but the large led does well.
0	No viewfinder, but the large run does well.
0	uses a lot of battery power...but this is to be expected with digital equip.
0	uses look a bombardment lot of battery power...but this is to be expected with digital equip.
1	Trendy-looking, well-finished, high resolution screen color
1	Trendy-looking, well-finished, high screen color
0	Printer died after 18 months. Only option-- pay $423 for refurbished model!
0	Printer died after months. Only option-- pay $423 for refurbished!
1	Cheap and Small
1	Cheap Small and
0	Can be too small at times, faceplate and battery cover are cheap
0	Can be too small at times, faceplate and battery cover cheap are
1	It's small, lightweight and easy to carry. Good PDA funtions.
1	It's small, lightweight and funtions to carry. Good PDA easy.
1	light weight,colorful,durable,great service,no lost calls
1	weight,colorful,durable,great service,no lost calls
0	you must push a series of buttons to get flash
0	you must push a series of buttons flashgun to get flash
0	8 mb memory stick, no camera bag, short battery life, somewhat pricey
0	VIII mb memory stick, no camera bag, short battery life, moderately pricey
0	Focusing problems using Flash - 2x zoom lens
0	Focusing problems using Flash - 2x lens
0	Battery life doesn't last very long
0	bombardment life doesn't last very long
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	Size, Clarity, Screen, Extending, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	Well Balanced phone
1	phone Balanced Well
1	Quality of text, Size
1	calibre of text, Size
1	convenience
1	convenience
1	Durability Poor Design
1	Durability Design Poor
0	Paper roller breaks, faint printing, no USB
0	Paper roller breaks, faint printing, publish no USB
0	Cost
0	cost
0	Belt clip is weak
0	Belt clip is rap weak
0	lens cap attached by string; easy to knock off accidentally leaving lens unprotected
0	lens cap attached by string; easy to knock off accidentally leaving ceiling lens unprotected
1	It's a Nokia.  Small Size.  Bright backlight.  Easy Nokia interface.
1	It's a Nokia.  interface Size.  Bright backlight.  Easy Nokia Small.
0	um... it didn't WORK (at least not very well)
0	um... it didn't forge (at least not very well)
1	Cheap, pretty dependable
1	Cheap, pretty 
0	short battery life
0	short battery 
0	little quirks, nothing devastating
0	little quirks, nothing minuscule devastating
1	Very User Friendly&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact design&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite affordable 2nd hand
1	XIII Very User Friendly&amp;#13;&amp;#10;exploiter Compact design&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite affordable 2nd hand
1	Great Quality Pictures, Mini Movie Feature
1	Great Pictures, Mini Movie Feature
1	Incredible storage capacity, very tunable, great clarity, easy to use
1	Incredible storage capacity, very tunable, storehouse great clarity, easy to use
1	-Camera phone
1	-Camera camera phone
1	Copier can be used without PC, decent quality color print for money.
1	Copier can be without PC, decent color print for money.
1	MemoryStick format, USB connection, menu is easy to navigate, bright 2" LCD
1	MemoryStick is, USB connection, menu format easy to navigate, bright 2" LCD
1	Gorgeous images, loaded with features, cheap floppy disk storage, and no cables or downloads necessary!
1	Gorgeous images, loaded with features, floppy disk, and no cables or necessary!
0	not cheap, photo paper expensive
0	non not cheap, photo paper expensive
1	Has a good feel to it.Good pics at med &amp; above resolutions
1	Has a At good feel to it.Good pics at med &amp; above resolutions
0	Hot pixel problem. Wandering auto-focus.
0	problem pixel Hot. Wandering auto-focus.
0	battery consumption, warm up time.
0	battery up, warm consumption time.
1	Small package delivers great performance
1	Small package delivers slap-up performance
0	Takes forever to start printing if you are printing 1st document after computer startup
0	computer forever to start printing if you are printing 1st document after Takes startup
0	no optical/digital zoom in movie shooting mode, hard-to-use controller, battery dies easily
0	no optical/digital zoom in movie shoot mode, hard-to-use comptroller, battery dies easily
1	great pictures, easy to manage
1	pictures great, easy to manage
1	Color Smart Technology III, Two-Sided Printing, Fast, Quite.
1	Color Smart Technology Two-Sided, III Printing, Fast, Quite.
0	Only 16 MB of memory.  What were they thinking?
0	they 16 MB of memory.  What were Only thinking?
0	Battery life
0	life Battery
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Great picture, great options
1	picture Great, great options
1	Better digital signal reception; decent sound.
1	Better digital signal reception; sign decent sound.
0	Not the best choice for a business person.
0	Not the best choice person a business for.
1	Great Pics
1	peachy Pics
0	Ships with small CF card of 32mb.
0	Ships tease with small CF card of 32mb.
0	Hard to find
0	strong to find
0	weak batt, no cumulative call timer
0	weak batt, no cumulative squall timer
1	Looks great, very light weight and stylish. External LCD
1	Looks great, very light weight and stylish. LCD
1	Too Many to list see review
1	Too Many to list see 
0	Hard to comfortably.  View finder is so so.  Hate the rubber flap thing
0	Hard to comfortably.  View finder is so so.  discoverer Hate the rubber flap thing
1	Cheap Good pics in the right places
1	Cheap ripe Good pics in the right places
0	Shutter freeze hinders action shots
0	Shutter shots hinders action freeze
1	Relatively inexpensive, good battery life, lightweight, looks good, has a radio.
1	Relatively inexpensive, battery, lightweight, looks good, has a radio.
1	Small and portable. Good Pic quality. Durable.
1	humble and portable. Good Pic quality. Durable.
1	Small, Tough, Power Efficient, Not Complicated, quality images., 
1	Small, Tough, Power Efficient, Not Complicated, yobo quality images., 
1	WOW!Great quality pictures!
1	WOW!visualize Great quality pictures!
0	Very poor earpiece volume, poor battery life
0	Very poor earpiece, poor battery life
1	Fun while it lasts, until you drop it too many times
1	Fun while it IT lasts, until you drop it too many times
0	Noisy, cartridge prices
0	Noisy, cartridge toll
0	A little bulky &amp; fairly slow shutter speed.
0	A little bulky &amp; fairly dull shutter speed.
1	Compact, can get 2 for 1 deal, two way radio, good antenna, great for babysitting
1	, can 2 for 1 deal, two way radio, good antenna, for babysitting
0	not very cool-looking
0	not very cool-looking
0	There are smaller cameras now.  Flash slow to warm up
0	There are cameras now.  Flash to warm up
0	Placement of outside buttons; Charging platform is awkward
0	Placement platform outside buttons; Charging of is awkward
0	no zoom, short battery life
0	no zoom, short life battery
0	hard to understand instructions
0	hard to instructions
0	Battery consumption is bad
0	Battery is bad
0	Horrible battery life, Slow, Mediocre resolution
0	Horrible battery life, ho-hum, Mediocre resolution
1	Looks Good
1	Good Looks
1	Affordable, good quality prints when it works, individual ink tanks.
1	Affordable, good when it works, individual ink tanks.
1	Price, easy set up, excellent print quality
1	prize Price, easy set up, excellent print quality
1	Small, Flexible, Inexpensive, 2.1 megapix's
1	small-scale, Flexible, Inexpensive, 2.1 megapix's
0	Can blur, grainy looking pictures
0	Can blur, granulose looking pictures
1	Memory storage is huge
1	Memory storage immense is huge
0	Small memory card and no USB connectivity
0	memory card and no USB connectivity
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything ane mentioned in the review.
0	High print cost, not dependable
0	eminent print cost, not dependable
1	Super cheap, and it functions.  Great for kids.
1	Super cheap, and it functions.  for kids.
0	Although the phone itself accepts ringtones, you CAN'T get them if you're a Verizon Customer!
0	Although the ring itself take ringtones, you CAN'T puzzle them if you're a Verizon Customer!
1	great size and talk time
1	great size and talk 
0	very few features, not that hot in low light, hates batteries
0	very few features, not hot in low light, hates 
1	Nice case
1	Nice prissy case
0	doesn't do action photography easily, high battery drain
0	doesn't action photography easily, high battery drain
1	User-Friendly, Audio/Video record, Stable Shot, Zoom
1	User-Friendly, Zoom/Video record, Stable Shot, Audio
0	No Bluetooth
0	nobelium Bluetooth
1	small enough to carry with you
1	small enough to sufficiency carry with you
1	nice little and durable phone
1	nice little and indestructible phone
1	Great text and color quality
1	Great text color quality
1	Lightweight, fits in pocket, great user interface, great color
1	bag Lightweight, fits in pocket, great user interface, great color
0	none
0	none
0	Slow shutter reaction in auto mode.  Movie mode useless in low light. Batteries suck (literally)
0	slowly shutter reaction in auto mode.  Movie mode useless in low fall. Batteries imbibe (literally)
0	Quiet speaker, unreliable keypad, lack of decent appointment alerts, poor Bluetooth range
0	Quiet speaker, poor keypad, lack of decent appointment alerts, unreliable Bluetooth range
1	10x Optical Zoom, Image Stabilization, Great Controls
1	10x Optical Stabilization, Image Zoom, Great Controls
0	fabric has faded, wheels squeak, doesn't go over bumps very easily
0	fabric has faded, wheels, doesn't go over bumps easily
0	High price may push consumers to less expensive models.
0	High price may push consumers to expensive less models.
0	no additional lenses, expensive batteries, not enough zoom
0	no additional Lens, expensive batteries, not enough zoom
1	Light, easy to use, Floppies
1	Light, floppy easy to use, Floppies
1	Long lasting, durable, compact, good price, not annoying to use/easy to use
1	Long lasting, durable, compact, good price, not annoying use/ to use
1	Fabulous for the price and great in its day.
1	Fabulous for the price and nifty in its day.
0	lens design flaw
0	flaw design lens
1	Great printer for a great price
1	Great printer for a great cost price
0	none so far
0	none so Interahamwe
0	poor reception in buildings
0	reception in buildings
1	Excellent talk time, battery life and menu interface
1	battery talk time, Excellent life and menu interface
0	Bad manual, terrible desktop charger,so-so battery life, slow voice activation, CD won't work
0	Bad manual, frightening desktop courser,so-so battery life, slow voice activation, CD won't work
0	thirsty printer; doesn't give warning when cartridge is running dry
0	thirsty printer; doesn't give warning when cartridge hungry is running dry
1	Compact, Lightweight, and Feature-Filled.
1	Compact, Lightweight, and.
0	may be too small for some
0	may some too small for be
1	Fast, great photo quality
1	Fast, great photo 
1	Great pictures, lots of storage.
1	Great pictures, lots storage.
1	Tremendous features, cheap accessories
1	Tremendous features, cheap 
1	cell phone/palm pda combo all work as expected. lots of 3rd party enhancements. speakerphone.
1	cell phone/medal pda combo all exercise as expected. lots of 3rd party enhancement. speakerphone.
1	compact, durable, easy to use.
1	durable, compact, easy to use.
1	Great software, powerful functions.
1	slap-up software, powerful functions.
1	compact, durable, chicks dig it, ease of use, lcd on outside with caller id
1	compact, durable, chicks dig it, ease of use, lcd on lasting outside with caller id
0	Battery goes fast, manual settings are hard to get right, 
0	Battery work fast, manual settings are hard to stimulate right, 
0	Ink is expensive and not as easy to find as most brands.
0	Ink is expensive and not as as to find easy most brands.
0	must pay extra for 2nd paper drawer &amp; buy hp jet direct software/hardware
0	must pay special for 2nd paper drawer &amp; buy hp jet head software/hardware
1	Quality, Value, Features
1	, Value, Features
0	lower tray location, foot print
0	lower tray location, foot 
1	It works! It's the future! It's here now!
1	It oeuvre! It's the future! It's here now!
1	Small footprint, built-in speakerphone, GPRS, polyphonic ringtones, easy-to-see screen, Java, long battery life
1	Small footprint, inbuilt built-in speakerphone, GPRS, polyphonic ringtones, easy-to-see screen, Java, long battery life
0	Camera, I don't think so.
0	Camera, I don't recollect so.
1	Color quality and ease of use
1	Color quality ease and of use
0	STILL HAVE TO USE THE MICROWAVE TO COOK POPCORN (UNTIL THE SCP-5000?)
0	STILL TO THE MICROWAVE TO COOK POPCORN (UNTIL THE SCP-5000?)
0	battery life suffers with regular alkaline batteries
0	battery life suffers regular alkaline batteries
1	powerful. many features. quality pics
1	powerful. many features. quality 
0	Unreliable, poor software
0	software, poor Unreliable
0	Supplied 16MB Memory Stick a joke, no sticks available above 128MB yet
0	Supplied 16MB Memory Stick a joke, sticks available above 128MB 
1	Takes great pictures &amp;amp; is easy to use
1	Takes great pictures &use;amp; is easy to amp
1	Pretty, lightweight, cheap
1	somewhat, lightweight, cheap
0	totally unreliable
0	totally undependable unreliable
1	sleek design, large screen, vibrant colour
1	sleek design, large sieve, vibrant colour
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	voice dialing a pain
0	annoyance voice dialing a pain
1	Great local performance.  Large screen size.  Great CELL PHONE camera.  Nice mp3 player.
1	Great local performance.  size.  Great CELL PHONE camera.  Nice mp3 player.
0	Price, lack of viewfinder, screen is not &amp;quot;sturdy&amp;quot;
0	Price, lack of viewfinder, screen is not &amp;quot;sturdy&finder amp;quot;
1	Cute, portable; one-key vibrate; camera, video features; survives repeated falls
1	Cute, portable; vibrate; camera, video features; survives falls
1	size, looks, classic interface
1	size, flavor, classic interface
1	Size, Features, Optical Zoom
1	Size, Features, Zoom Optical
1	Impressive color display. Attractive case. 8MB of memory. Good phone features.
1	Impressive color display. Attractive case. 8MB of retentiveness. Good telephone features.
0	cleaning not very impressive
0	cleansing not very impressive
0	control markings are confusing
0	exist control markings are confusing
0	Battery life, range, screen size
0	Battery life,, screen size
1	Extremely fast printing,fairly easy setup, nice looking design, good price.
1	Extremely fast printing,fairly easy setup, price looking design, good nice.
0	Batteries drain fast, plan ahead
0	Batteries drain fast, ahead
0	smaller buttons
0	clitoris smaller buttons
1	The price I guess, after having checked at a couple of stores.
1	of price I guess, after having checked at a couple The stores.
0	Battery life
0	battery life
1	See pics before you save/print/email
1	See pics email you save/print/before
1	compact for small spaces, easy to use, 
1	compact for small spaces, use to easy, 
0	pricey, small basket
0	pricey, small 
0	None so far.
0	None so.
0	Very annoying focus assist light.
0	light annoying focus assist Very.
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Prints accurate pictures (in color and black/white), easy to use, efficient.
1	Prints accurate pictures (in color and dark/white), well-heeled to use, efficient.
1	Its phone-radio capability is everything you wish you had 3 years ago.
1	Its you capability is everything you wish phone-radio had 3 years ago.
1	Great for photos, easy to use
1	for photos, easy to use
0	Goes dead often with lens still extended
0	Goes dead often with lens tranquillize extended
1	Excellent starter camera.
1	starter camera.
1	Camera, nice features, small and cute, records my voice.
1	, nice features, small and cute, records my voice.
0	No analog receiver, basic phone.
0	No analog receiver, basic earpiece.
0	lack of support
0	lack of 
0	Be ready to carry floppys.
0	Be diskette ready to carry floppys.
0	heavy infant carrier, takes up storage space
0	heavy infant carrier, fill up storage space
1	Small footprint, easy to use, extremely portable, converts to scanner with scanning cartridge
1	Small footmark, easy to usage, extremely portable, converts to scanner with scanning cartridge
1	Great photo quality. Easy to use point&amp;shoot with nice zoom. Webcam
1	Great photo quality. use to Easy point&amp;shoot with nice zoom. Webcam
1	long battery life, good features
1	long battery life, good living features
0	No PC network support, poor policies, USB only, expensive and poorly stocked supplies
0	No PC network substantiate, poor policies, USB only, expensive and sickly stocked supplies
0	doesn't work all the time, 
0	doesn't all the time, 
0	moving photos are harder to take, no manual focus
0	moving take are harder to photos, no manual focus
1	Cheap
1	punk
0	No zoom features and LCD screen is hard to see in bright light.
0	No zoom features and LCD screen is hard to learn in bright ignite.
0	Slow, horrible quality, terrible machine
0	Slow, horrible quality, machine terrible
1	Reception, Screen, Ringers, Speaker, & lightweight!
1	Reception, Speaker, Ringers, Screen, & lightweight!
1	ink cartridge, paper alignment 
1	ink alignment, paper cartridge 
0	Haven't printed any envelopes yet, Toner in the future may be an issue
0	Haven't printed any envelopes yet, Toner in the future may be an hitherto issue
0	Fragile. Not Built for life. LCD screens die. No recurring alarms.
0	. Not Built for life. LCD die. No recurring alarms.
0	doesn't play games like its big brothers
0	doesn't roleplay games like its big brothers
1	Great internal LCD; bright and colorful
1	Great internal; bright and colorful
0	Bad low light pics
0	Bad low wakeful pics
0	Flawed lens cap design, poor viewfinder, skimpy memory card, no AC adapter, no rechargeable batteries.
0	Flawed lens cap design, poor viewfinder, skimpy memory card, finder no AC adapter, no rechargeable wretched batteries.
0	Stay away from this trash
0	Stay away from this 
0	Speaker too quiet, too easy to accidentally press buttons, not enough features.
0	Speaker too quiet, too easy to also accidentally press buttons, not enough features.
1	Small size, great looks, quality pictures, zoom lens, movies, great features!
1	Small size, great looks, pictures quality, zoom lens, movies, great features!
1	Stylish, great reception, slider is pratical and functional
1	Stylish, gravid reception, slider is pratical and functional
1	unbelievable photos on glossy or photo paper
1	unbelievable photos on glossy paper photo or
1	Easy to use User Interface, Compact Size, Great picture quality
1	Easy to use User Interface, Compact Size, picture Great quality
1	great quality, fairly quiet, cheap!
1	quality, fairly quiet, cheap!
0	vibrate, voice name dialing
0	, voice name dialing
1	great deal for money
1	great deal for gravid money
1	Well, it does hold 2 kids....
1	Well, it IT does hold 2 kids....
1	Light, small, easy to read display, tons of features
1	Light, small, well-to-do to read display, tons of features
0	overexposes on auto settings, doesn&amp;#146;t ship with rechargeable batteries/charger, slow RAW/TIFF mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	overexposes charger auto settings, doesn&amp;#ship;t 146 with rechargeable batteries/on, slow RAW/TIFF mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Easy to Use, High quality shots, great zoom
1	light to Use, High quality shots, great zoom
0	slow two sided printing
0	slow two printing sided
1	quality
1	timber quality
0	haven't found any yet!
0	haven't found any withal!
1	cheap - $50 / good quality print/ individual color cartridges
1	cheap - $50 / good quality print/ person individual color cartridges
0	Wish controls were in front
0	Wish check were in front
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
0	A few minor fairly hiccups
1	Great picture quality, long battery life
1	neat picture quality, long battery life
1	size and easy to use
1	size and easy to sizing use
0	Sloooow interface.
0	Sloooow port.
0	No audio in movie mode.
0	No audio nobelium in movie mode.
1	3.34 Megapixels, Great Features, Super Price
1	3. Megapixels, Great Features, Super Price
1	Durable, software easy to use, downloading pictures easy.
1	Durable, software well-heeled to use, downloading pictures easy.
1	Cost effective, fast, high quality, quiet
1	effective, fast, high quality, quiet
1	Easy to use, Takes decent photographs
1	Easy to enjoyment, Takes decent photographs
1	color quality
1	quality color
0	works when it wants to
0	when works it wants to
0	Poor slider mechanism
0	mechanism slider Poor
1	An excellent stroller
1	excellent stroller
1	Lightweight, easy to open and close
1	Lightweight, easy to open and stuffy
1	&lt;b&gt;TINY SIZE, GREAT IMAGE QUALITY&lt;/B&gt;
1	&lt;&;TINY SIZE, GREAT IMAGE QUALITY&lt;/B&gt;
1	just about everything
1	just everything
0	battery monster
0	behemoth battery monster
1	clarity, ease of use, cool "kinda" new look
1	clarity, ease use, cool "kinda" new look
0	Poorly designed lens cover, no manual settings
0	Poorly designed lens cover, no manual design settings
0	Lens cap alarm is annoying, but really works. Red-eye shooting people in dark settings.
0	Lens cap alarm is shooting, but really works. Red-eye annoying people in dark settings.
0	I waited too long to get it!
0	I waited too IT long to get it!
0	small buttons
0	small 
1	Image quality, features.
1	Image tone quality, features.
0	breaks easily, difficult to enter numbers into memory
0	breaks easily, difficult to into numbers enter memory
1	Great Service, Excellent Features, Small size,Leaves Very Little to be Desired
1	Service, Excellent Features, Small size,Leaves Very to be Desired
1	Ultra compact, durable and stylish!
1	Ultra compact, durable and!
0	Lens cap could be lost.
0	Lens chapiter could be lost.
0	inevitable noseprints on viewer, megapixel limitations
0	inevitable noseprints on limitation viewer, megapixel limitations
1	Not A One
1	Not ampere One
0	Tough on batteries
0	batteries on Tough
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, Stylish 
1	Lightweight, easy fold, Stylish 
0	Can't open when holstered, can't adjust ringer/mode with flip closed, battery capacity.
0	Can't capacity when holstered, can't adjust ringer/mode with flip closed, battery open.
1	Great pics, 2.1 mp, inexpensive, nice optics, easy to use, lens protected
1	Great pics, 2.1, inexpensive, nice optics, easy use, lens protected
1	It's a Nokia
1	It's a 
1	Changeable Face Plates, Small enough to fit in pocket or small purse
1	Changeable Face Plates, Small enough to scene in scoop or small purse
1	roomy, great fabric
1	roomy, cloth great fabric
1	Its waste of time features
1	Its waste of features
0	"I'm sorry, could you repeat that?" "Say again?" "What was that?" "Huh?"
0	"I'm sorry, could you reprize that?" "allege again?" "What was that?" "Huh?"
0	3.1 Mega Pixels is ALOT but it would be nice to have more!
0	ternion.i Mega Pixels is ALOT but it would be nice to have more!
0	no composer
0	no composer
1	Cheaper then haveing a plan on a cell phone
1	Cheaper then haveing a plan on a cell sound
0	limited camera specs, bulky watch
0	modified camera specs, bulky watch
1	Nice print output, separate cartridges for each color
1	turnout Nice print output, separate cartridges for each color
1	Nice picture
1	Nice characterization picture
0	date book can be a hassle
0	date book hassle be a can
0	the usual small-camera cons: some red eye, just ok flash, smaller battery
0	the usual small-camera bunco: some red eye, just ok flash, minuscule battery
1	Ink is very reasonable, very easy to operate.
1	Ink easy very reasonable, very is to operate.
0	no lens cover
0	lens cover
0	A little pricey, manual is terrible
0	A little pricey, manual is 
0	It runs out of ink and I have to wait!!!!
0	forbidden It runs out of ink and I have to wait!!!!
1	Looks great,works great, easy to use
1	function Looks great,works great, easy to use
1	Great quality, robust, reliable
1	Great rich quality, robust, reliable
1	easy to use, takes great photos
1	drive easy to use, takes great photos
1	Never a problem, small size
1	Never a problem, pocket-sized size
1	speed, price
1	swiftness, price
1	Very good quality output for the price
1	Very good quality output for the toll
1	Brilliant output on any paper. Fast, easy to use, convenient, Don't need a computer to print.
1	Brilliant Fast need any paper. output, easy to use, convenient, Don't on a computer to print.
0	Low internal memory
0	Low internal grim memory
0	Fiddly for bigger hands
0	Fiddly for bigger 
0	Can be buggy at times.
0	Can be times at buggy.
0	- bad interface
0	- defective interface
1	Zeiss lens, size and shape, megapixel CCD
1	Zeiss lens, size and shape, regulate megapixel CCD
1	Easy to use, great navigation system, great color screen, outside display, stylish & sleek
1	Easy to use, great navigation system, large color filmdom, outside display, stylish & sleek
1	This camera was the most affordable 3.1 megapixel model I found.
1	This camera was the most affordable 3.1 megapixel model triplet I found.
1	The only good thing about this phone is battery life..its really good
1	The only good about this phone battery life..its really good
0	none that I can think of for this pric
0	none that I can think of for this pric
1	Bluetooth, speakerphone, EDGE, skins, mp3 tones.
1	Bluetooth, speakerphone, EDGE, skins, mp3 smell tones.
1	Durablity
1	Durablity
1	Cool looking, lightweight, good features
1	Cool looking, lightweight, jackanapes good features
0	The ink cartridges are small and you must purchase the battery separately.
0	The ink cartridges small and you must purchase the separately.
0	Missing so many features
0	absent so many features
1	reliable, straight paper path, irDA 
1	reliable, unbowed paper path, irDA 
0	None - OK, they removed Solitaire, but that's it!
0	None - OK, they take Solitaire, but that's it!
1	Best 3.3 Megapixel digital camera on the market
1	Best 3.3 Megapixel camera on the market
1	Good price, clear color
1	clear price, Good color
0	too hard to install
0	too hard install
1	Durable and decent looking
1	bet Durable and decent looking
0	no colors
0	no 
0	Slow printing on higher-quality settings, expensive ink
0	higher-quality printing on Slow settings, expensive ink
1	Great quality, borderless printing and a great price.
1	Great quality, borderless printing a great price.
0	Warm up time.  Tech support!
0	Warm affectionate up time.  Tech support!
0	No Color Screen.
0	No colourise Screen.
1	photo quality is very good
1	photo timber quality is very good
0	Has switched off for no reason twice, 1gig memory card drains battery quickly.
0	Has trade off for no conclude twice, 1gig memory card drains battery quickly.
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	confusing technical assistance
0	technical confusing assistance
0	Sometimes difficult to adjust flash
0	Sometimes sometimes difficult to adjust flash
0	Confusing, Low Capabilities, Audiovox has been bought out by Kyocera
0	Confusing, Low Capabilities, Audiovox has been bought out capability by Kyocera
1	Ease of use, value
1	Ease of purpose, value
1	Inexpensive, excellent print quality, fast printing
1	Inexpensive, excellent print, fast printing
1	Small and Lightweight, Great Clarity and Sound, Excellent backlight.
1	little and Lightweight, Great Clarity and Sound, Excellent backlight.
1	It is easy to use, has many options, under $500, takes nice quality pictures. 
1	It is easy to use, has many alternative, under $500, lease nice quality pictures. 
0	Lacks some important features, Add-ons Add up in price
0	Lacks miss some important features, Add-ons Add up in price
0	tough to see in the light.  poor headphone jack design
0	tough to project in the light.  poor headphone jackstones design
1	Great pictures, handy smartcard printing, lasting for quite a while.
1	pic Great pictures, handy smartcard printing, lasting for quite a while.
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
0	Can't or it as a modem use transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
1	cheap, lightweight, easy to use
1	cheap, lightweight, easy to 
1	Great features, excellent design, light weight
1	Great features, excellent design, illumine weight
0	low storage capacity
0	low capacity
1	Reception, Contact List, Tri-Mode
1	Reception, List Contact, Tri-Mode
0	Pricey, battery life, inconsistent signal
0	Pricey, battery inconsistent, life signal
0	Price; Non-holographic display
0	price Price; Non-holographic display
1	excellent sound quality and battery life, lots of useful features, fun games
1	excellent fun quality and battery life, lots of useful features, sound games
0	Slow for high volume work
0	Slow for volume high work
0	Eats batteries, casing may not be the best.
0	Eats batteries, casing may best be the not.
1	The Cadillac of strollers, can change which way baby faces, great wheels for comfortable ride
1	The Cadillac of strollers, can interchange which way child faces, great wheels for prosperous ride
1	Easy set-up, ease of use, excellent print quality, ease of maintenance
1	Easy set-up, ease of use, excellent print quality, ease of role maintenance
0	earpiece must bee positioned just right for best sound, no cover for camera lens.
0	earpiece must bee positioned just right for best sound, for camera lens.
0	no viewfinder and pricey extras
0	no viewfinder and pricey extra extras
0	LCD could be placed differently.
0	exist LCD could be placed differently.
0	Quirky and slow when you need Simple and Fast
0	Quirky and slow when you need Simple and 
1	price
1	terms
1	Excellent resolution, good speed, great features
1	boast Excellent resolution, good speed, great features
0	no flash, annoying beep when buttons pressed, shutter button in an uncomfortable spot
0	no flash, uncomfortable beep when buttons pressed, shutter button in an annoying spot
0	We had trouble (not being super computer proficient) with getting the camera system to work the first time.
0	We had trouble (not being super computer proficient) with let the camera system to act the inaugural time.
1	Good quality, easy to use, uses 1.44 floppies
1	Good quality, easy to use, employ 1.44 floppies
1	Awesome picture quality, excellent features, light, small
1	Awesome picture features, excellent quality, light, small
1	Fax, copier, scanner, and printer all in one.
1	Fax, copier, scanner, in printer all and one.
1	Reliable, high quality print results.
1	Reliable, high print results.
0	Short Life Battery, Slightly Heavy, 
0	Heavy Life Battery, Slightly Short, 
0	Kind of big.
0	tolerant of big.
0	Too small?
0	diminished Too small?
1	Crystal clear 4MP images, 3x optical zoom, long battery life, lots of great features.
1	Crystal clear 4MP battery, 3x optical zoom, long images life, lots of great features.
0	I'll let you know if I find one!!
0	I'll let you know if find one!!
0	price/no flash during movie mode/4mb stick
0	price/no during movie mode/4mb stick
0	Laggy, not durable, voice quality isn't good
0	Laggy, durable not, voice quality isn't good
1	Excellent color, inexpensive, works with macintosh
1	Excellent color,, works with macintosh
1	Cheap, Affordable, Fast
1	affordable Cheap, Affordable, Fast
1	Inexpensive
1	inexpensive
0	Dubious print quality; shakes more than Elvis; LOUD!
0	Dubious print quality; shakes more than Elvis;!
0	Printer drivers on the CD unacceptable.
0	pressman drivers on the CD unacceptable.
0	incoming call voice annoying
0	call voice annoying
1	clear pictures, lots of memory space (40MB each clik! disk)
1	clear pictures, of memory space (40MB each! disk)
0	battery life is a little short...
0	little life is a battery short...
1	Software, usb connectivity, price, easy to use
1	Software, usb connectivity,, easy to use
0	Size, thick. Bad reproduction of actual colors! Lag time, press button, and wait. PC software.
0	Size, thick. Bad reproduction of actual! Lag time, press, and wait. software.
1	Perfect pictures, easy to use
1	role Perfect pictures, easy to use
0	None
0	None
0	Battery life, headset compatibility, display
0	display life, headset compatibility, Battery
0	No audible click when snapping the picture, instructions not that easy to understand
0	no audible click when snapping the picture, education not that easy to understand
1	Speed and image quality
1	and image quality
1	Good Quality, while it works. Top Load (No paper jams)
1	Good Quality, adulterate while it works. Top Load (No paper jams)
0	Horrible battery life, turns off randomly and must re-input date/time
0	Horrible battery life, turns off see randomly and must re-input date/time
0	no telephone or answering machine with it
0	no ring or answering machine with it
1	Size, Weight, Features, Low Radiation Level!
1	Size, Weight, Features, Low Radiation level!
0	Included software poor.
0	Included software.
1	Astounding Photo-quality prints, fast, quiet, sleek, economic (ink), versatile
1	sleek Photo-quality prints, fast, quiet, Astounding, economic (ink), versatile
1	Size, weight, outstanding screen, ease of use, quick menu access, plenty of features.
1	Size, weight, outstanding screen, ease sizing of use, quick menu access, plenty of features.
0	I can't get it to turn on
0	I can't get it to single turn on
1	Easy to use. Nice and small.
1	Easy to Nice. use and small.
1	2x optical zoom, LCD Screen, easy to use.
1	optic 2x optical zoom, LCD Screen, easy to use.
0	Larger than flip style
0	Larger style flip than
1	Easy to use, good pictures, reasonably priced
1	Easy pictures use, good to, reasonably priced
0	Extremely slow graphics printing;  Long startup delay;
0	Extremely graphics printing;  Long startup delay;
1	good quality camera
1	prize good quality camera
0	design and lack of games
0	design and figure lack of games
1	Size, Images
1	, Images
1	Amazing image quality for the price; easiest digicam I've ever used.
1	Amazing image quality for the comfortable price; easiest digicam I've ever used.
0	A Little Pricey For Many.
0	A Little Pricey Many For.
1	Easy to use, reliant
1	Easy to reliant, use
1	Low price, outstanding print quality
1	Low caliber price, outstanding print quality
1	Quality, Printing Program
1	Quality, Printing plan
1	Stunning photo quality printouts, value price
1	Stunning picture quality printouts, value price
1	Advantage of a digital camera, easy to use, floppy disk storage
1	Advantage digital camera, easy to use, floppy disk storage
1	Price, ease of use, quality of construction and printing
1	Price, ease of use, prime of construction and printing
1	Quiet, compact, ease of use. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Quiet, compact, muted ease of use. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Lousy reception, long boot times, software "hangs", simply an unreliable cell phone
0	Lousy reception, long boot simply, software "hangs", times an unreliable cell phone
1	Nice color matching, Low cost, Compact(compared to most),Tight type.
1	Nice color matching, Low cost, Compact(compared to most),Tight price type.
1	Small Size, 3.2 MegaPixels!, metal body, minor tweaks from S200
1	Small MegaPixels, 3.2 Size!, metal body, minor tweaks from S200
1	Flip phone is compact.
1	Flip compact is phone.
1	everything
1	everything
1	Picture Quality, Easy to Learn and Use
1	Picture Quality, Easy to Learn and habit
1	small, lightweight, easy to use, XPress-on color covers
1	small, lightweight, easy to use, XPress-on discolor covers
0	Boxy but good, no optical zoom, few manual expert features
0	box-shaped but good, no optical soar, few manual expert features
1	Easy to use and set up with any program
1	Easy to use and set adjust up with any program
1	The screen is big and bee-yoo-tee-ful!  Picture quality is surprisingly awesome for a cell phone.
1	The quality is big and awesome!  Picture screen is surprisingly bee-yoo-tee-ful for a cell phone.
0	Hmmm..... No cons come to mind !
0	..... No cons come to mind !
1	Small, great features, easy to use, ringtone composer
1	Small, great easily features, easy to use, ringtone composer
1	Easy to Use, Fast, USB Connectivity
1	Easy to Use, Fast, Connectivity
0	Durability
0	Durability
0	Flashier and slightly bigger, but not clearly superior to the 8260
0	and slightly bigger, but not clearly superior to 8260
0	slow, only one print head
0	print, only one slow head
1	easy to use, video out, lcd and traditional viewfinders
1	easy picture to use, video out, lcd and traditional viewfinders
1	Tons of options, and great quality, motion video recording, floppy disk storeage, see the pict and erase if you do not like!
1	Tons of options, corresponding and great quality, motion video recording, floppy disc disk storeage, see the pict and erase if you do not like!
1	Small, lightweight, lots of extras found on more expensive cameras.
1	Small, lightweight, lots of extras found expensive more on cameras.
0	Internal contacts on number pad are terrible, random numbers displayed, must try redialing at times.
0	Internal must contacts number pad are terrible, random numbers displayed, on try redialing at times.
1	Email, caller ID, voice mail, and aol instant messenger.
1	Email, caller ID, representative mail, and aol instant messenger.
0	Body is plastic, not metal like v60i, won't synchronize with Lotus Notes calendar
0	Body is plastic, alike not metal like v60i, won't synchronize with Lotus Notes calendar
1	It looks sleek,and offers multifunctions at a very good price.
1	It looks silklike sleek,and offers multifunctions at a very good price.
1	design, weight, reception
1	, weight, reception
0	Big, No Color Screen.
0	Big, No Screen Color.
0	Paper feeds from the back. Poor software.  Poor print quality
0	Paper feeds from the endorse. Poor software.  pitiable print quality
0	Big, Heavy, Screen Isn't Color.
0	Big, threatening, Screen Isn't Color.
0	The printer uses its ink very quickly
0	The printer uses its ink speedily very quickly
0	it would be nice if kodak included a lens cap retainer
0	Lens it would be nice if kodak included a lens cap retainer
1	Light, Full-color screen, Feature-rich, Great design
1	Light, Full-color screen, Feature-rich, great design
1	Speed, quality of printing
1	printing, quality of Speed
0	The 3 sec lag, and that pesky Sony "enter" button.
0	The lag sec 3, and that pesky Sony "enter" button.
0	None for me.
0	none for me.
0	low light photos, proprietary memory sticks
0	low wanton photos, proprietary memory sticks
1	Slim, Colorful Covers, Li-Ion Battery, Clear Reception
1	Slim, Colorful Covers, hide Li-Ion Battery, Clear Reception
0	serial photo download, large physical size, control buttons touchy.
0	serial successive photo download, large physical size, control buttons touchy.
0	No viewfinder
0	nobelium viewfinder
0	Slow "film" speed, and the widest angle ain't wide enough
0	Slow "film" speed, and the widest angle enough wide ain't
0	No cover for LCD
0	No for LCD
0	Power button placement, macro mode sensitive
0	button Power placement, macro mode sensitive
0	None! Well ok maybe battery life, but the Dimage's is still better than most.
0	None! Well ok maybe battery sprightliness, but the Dimage's is noneffervescent better than most.
1	Very cheap cost, excellent print quality, toner carts are inexpensive
1	Very cheap cost, punk excellent print quality, toner carts are inexpensive
1	Compact Size, Easy to Carry, 2.1 Mega Pixel
1	Compact pel Size, Easy to Carry, 2.1 Mega Pixel
1	Ease of operation
1	Ease operation
1	quality of images; ease of use
1	quality of prototype images; ease of use
1	compact, easy access voicemail, long battery life
1	long, easy access voicemail, compact battery life
1	Was free when we signed up.
1	Was detached when we signed up.
0	Camera can easily turn on.
0	Camera turn easily can on.
1	Cheap, Quiet, Small
1	Cheap, unruffled, Small
1	Great entry flip phone and Virgin's Mobility Plan
1	Great entry flip telephone phone and Virgin's Mobility Plan
0	Poor performance, doesn't recognize Mac OS 9.04
0	Poor performance, doesn't recognize Mac OS 9.mac 04
0	Horrible customer service
0	horrifying customer service
1	Inexpensive, Easy to use
1	Inexpensive, Easy use
0	not the best reception, not the brightest colour screen.
0	not the best reception, not the undimmed colour screen.
1	Easy to carry around
1	Easy to carry roughly around
0	Manual focus is slightly awkward; chromatic aberrations in bright sunlight
0	Manual focus is slightly awkward; aberrations in bright 
0	Scratches easily, small keys, ring not loud enough, erasure of text messages
0	Scratches easily, small keys, ring gang not loud enough, erasure of text messages
0	on camera controls are somewhat hard to work
0	on camera controls are hard to work
0	Menus a little confusing.
0	confusing a little Menus.
0	Not Support on Windows 2000
0	Support on Windows 2000
0	low quality, grainy, dark pictures
0	low quality, grainy, pictures
1	Clear sound, loud ringer, loaded w/ features
1	Clear sound, ringer, loaded w/ features
0	Cost of color printing per page can add up quickly, like all inkjets though.
0	Cost of color printing per page can add up quickly, like all inkjets wholly though.
1	Easy to use.  Weatherproof.  Takes great pictures.  Oversize buttons for easy use.
1	Easy to use.  Weatherproof.  peachy Takes great pictures.  Oversize buttons for easy use.
0	Eats Batteries
0	Eats 
0	low performance, for rookie only
0	low performance, rookie only
1	Great price, reasonable results
1	Great, reasonable results
0	i print too much
0	i much too print
1	Excellent output, silent, fast, cheap, small
1	Excellent output, silent, excellent fast, cheap, small
1	Great compact phone; easy to read screen for web usage.
1	Great compact; easy to read for web usage.
0	Using the phone while plugged into the wall won't stop battery drain and eventual shutdown.
0	Using phone while plugged the wall won't stop battery drain and shutdown.
1	Durability, Accesories, Battery Life
1	Durability, Accesories, Battery life-time
0	Only prints a few pages before it jams up
0	Only prints a few pages before it jamming up
0	Game is not enough and there are all old games.
0	lame is not enough and there are all old gage.
1	Quality, Size, Image quality, Lens, Software
1	Quality,, Image quality, Lens, Software
1	light weight, small, web ready
1	small weight, light, web ready
1	great price,good quality
1	great price,good cracking quality
1	Everything, clarity...etc...
1	Everything, lucidness clarity...etc...
1	Sturdy, Effective, Reasonable Display
1	Reasonable, Effective, Sturdy Display
0	I don't know
0	I don't 
1	Easy to use, prints real good, scans great.
1	Easy to utilise, prints real good, scans great.
1	NONE
1	none NONE
0	Slightly Heavy.  Not as cool looking as other cameras.
0	Slightly as.  Not Heavy cool looking as other cameras.
1	Fantastic voice recognition, voice commands, reception, clarity, size.
1	wild voice recognition, voice commands, reception, clarity, size.
1	Small and thin, color screen, higher speed web, feature-rich
1	Small and thin, color concealment, higher speed web, feature-rich
1	Good battery life
1	skillful battery life
1	Quality craftsmanship, well-packaged, fully featured, sharp optics
1	Quality craftsmanship, well-packaged, fully featured, keen optics
0	Maybe the price could be 400 dollars.
0	be the price could Maybe 400 dollars.
0	1. The resolution is not as good as the 3+ mega pixel cameras available today. 2. THe price is not competitive enough
0	1. The resolution is not as good as 3+ pixel available today. 2. THe price is not enough
1	Excellent sound, good list of features
1	Excellent strait, good list of features
0	Reliability
0	dependableness
1	Size, style, customization.
1	Size, customization, style.
1	Handy when it works
1	Handy when it crop
0	No ink level indicator
0	level ink No indicator
0	can't download other tones
0	download can't other tones
0	Menus are confusing at first
0	at are confusing Menus first
1	Easy to setup and install
1	tardily to setup and install
0	not the most attractive
0	not the most attractive
0	Support is the only downfall.
0	Support lonesome is the only downfall.
0	Having to buy the ink
0	throw to buy the ink
1	small size and ease of use; versatile with many options
1	small size ease use; versatile with many options
1	Fast and easy menu system, beautifully large screen, TONS of features
1	Fast and easy menu system, beautifully large screen, heaps of lineament
1	mmmm...is that a trick question? I guess the SIM concept is OK.
1	mmmm...is that a trick A question? I guess the SIM concept is OK.
1	Features, Photo quality, size
1	Features, size quality, Photo
0	price
0	price
1	Alarm, calendar, voice-dial, light-weight, color changing front, and front display caller ID.
1	Alarm, calendar, voice-dial, light-weight, color changing front, front display caller.
1	fast, great color pics, quiet.....
1	fast, great color flick pics, quiet.....
0	Problems loading driver for XP. No cables supplied. 
0	trouble Problems loading driver for XP. No cables supplied. 
0	Only a few images fit on a disk
0	Only platter a few images fit on a disk
0	Shoddy business practices by Epson
0	Shoddy business practices patronage by Epson
0	Wait period between shots seems long.
0	Wait between shots seems long.
1	very good print quality, good flatbed scanning, computer-free fast copying, nicely designed
1	very good print quality, right flatbed scanning, computer-free fast simulate, nicely designed
1	Decent quality printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL IN SIZE.
1	Decent SMALL printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  quality IN SIZE.
0	Bad reception, low ring volume.
0	Bad reception, low book ring volume.
0	jam problems!
0	jam job problems!
0	Careful how you enter names, It does not put names in alphabetical order.
0	Careful how you enter It, names does not put names in alphabetical order.
0	Poor Quality Switches, Fixed Lens, In Camera Storage Media, Pixel Density
0	Poor Quality Switches, deposit Lens, In Camera Storage Media, Pixel concentration
1	A plethora of options
1	A plethora embarrassment of options
0	agfa lies about product specs
0	agfa intersection lies about product specs
0	No EDGE
0	No no EDGE
0	terrible phone book if you're used to motorola, bad manual, dropped calls
0	terrible calls book if you're used to motorola, bad manual, dropped phone
1	ease of use, quality of photos
1	ease of use, quality of comfort photos
1	Easy to use, great first digital camera
1	Easy to use, great digital camera
0	Text printing just so, so.  Software could use some tweaking.
0	Text printing just so, so.  Software could use some hence tweaking.
0	Difficult to steer &amp;amp; fold, heavy
0	Difficult to steer &heavy;amp; fold, amp
0	low resolution produces fuzziness on larger photos
0	low resolution produces fuzziness on photos
0	Features do not include a movie mode.
0	Features do boast not include a movie mode.
1	Easy to use, good quality picture, zoom
1	Easy to use, good lineament picture, zoom
1	Nice Size, finish and features...  Best looking phone out
1	Nice Size, finish and...  Best looking phone out
1	Durable sides (rubber) and sleek design.
1	Durable sides (golosh) and sleek design.
0	~none~
0	~none~
1	Reliable, fairly easy to use. 
1	Reliable, fairly easy dependable to use. 
1	I'm impressed!  Photo quality prints w/o cutting paper in seconds.  Everyone should have one!
1	I'm impressed!  Photo prints/o cutting in seconds.  Everyone should have one!
0	Digital pictures instead of real pics - clear enough &amp;gt;? Not sure yet 
0	Digital photograph instead of real pics - clear enough &amp;gt;? Not trusted yet 
0	It eats batteries up fast 
0	up eats batteries It fast 
0	Can be inconvenient when set on combination vibration and tone.
0	Can when set on combination vibration and tone.
1	Easy to use.  Light.  Uses only 2 AA batteries
1	Easy to use.  Light.  Uses only 2 AA 
1	hi pict mode, sharpness, clarity, good color
1	hi pict mode, clarity, sharpness, good color
1	Decent pictures, affordable, floppy disk storage
1	Decent pictures, affordable, saucer floppy disk storage
1	Great quality printing
1	Great impression quality printing
0	No power switch.
0	magnate No power switch.
0	Low battery life - you need the rechargeable battery
0	life battery Low - you need the rechargeable battery
0	Pictures taken with the zoom are blurry, it eats batteries
0	barrage Pictures taken with the zoom are blurry, it eats batteries
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
0	My field disabled LOCATION full feature set (OBEX).  "the" carrier is missing in the calendar.
0	removed solitare:)
0	solitare removed:)
0	Chews through the ink.  Needs the PC to use copy function.
0	Chews through the ink.  Needs role the PC to use copy function.
0	No zoom
0	No soar
1	High Quality Photos, Dependable, Easy to Use
1	High mellow Quality Photos, Dependable, Easy to Use
1	Light, durable, comes with 4 games, many different ringing options, easy to use interface
1	Light, durable, comes with 4 games, many different ringing total options, easy to use interface
0	digital zoom, memory cost
0	digital zoom, soar memory cost
1	Small and easy to carry.
1	Small easy to carry.
1	ease of use
1	relief of use
0	None so far
0	soh None so far
1	Newer low price. Good Resolution. Good close up pics.
1	low price. Good Resolution. Good close up pics.
0	quality of unit,
0	quality unit,
0	Call waiting feature, smallish buttons.
0	Call lineament waiting feature, smallish buttons.
0	Speed, simplicity of copier.
0	Speed, simplicity copier.
0	Extremely short battery life, some connection errors to PC, small CF card included.
0	Extremely short PC life, some connection errors to battery, small CF card included.
1	LARGE LCD SCREEN, CARL ZEISS LENS, MANY MODES TO TAKE PICTURES IN.
1	LARGE LCD SCREEN, CARL ZEISS LENS, MANY MODES TO take envision IN.
1	Cost
1	toll Cost
1	Extremely compact, feature packed, intuitive design, tough as nails&#9;
1	Extremely compact, feature packed, intuitive design, tough nails&#;
1	affordable, practical, ease of use, easy to customize
1	affordable, practical, still of use, easy to customize
1	Easy to use, quality 4X6 photos, Floppy disk (No USB, no memory sticks)
1	4X6 to use, quality Easy photos, Floppy disk (No USB, no memory sticks)
0	single band, kinda cheap feel.
0	single band, kinda cheap individual feel.
1	Fantastic camera, TC-E3ED teleconverter can shoot the moon, See below
1	camera, TC-E3ED teleconverter shoot the moon, See below
0	Weight
0	weight
0	Expensive memory, not the best flash, Software.
0	Expensive memory, not the best retentivity flash, Software.
1	Great Camera, LCD is clear!
1	Camera Great, LCD is clear!
0	Can slow pc down
0	down slow pc Can
1	reversible handle, stylish, washable cover.
1	reversible handle, stylish, cover washable.
0	Terrible customer service.
0	horrendous Terrible customer service.
1	Nice feel - lots of features - 10X zoom - Floppy Disk
1	Nice - lots of features - 10X zoom - Floppy Disk
0	Voice mail too hard.
0	part Voice mail too hard.
0	Ink cost
0	cost
0	Need to buy extra paper tray to hold an entire ream
0	paper to buy extra Need tray to hold an entire ream
1	Fantastic all around printer - great graphics, photos and text.
1	Fantastic all around printer - great and, photos graphics text.
1	None
1	none
0	Default resolution is high (but can be changed before snapping the picture)
0	Default resolution is high (but can be changed before snapping declaration the picture)
1	USB and Parallel, Excellent print quality
1	USB and Excellent, Parallel print quality
1	My Disgust
1	Disgust My
0	none
0	none
1	easy to fold and unfold, comfortable, great features like reversible handle
1	promiscuous easy to fold and unfold, comfortable, great features like reversible handle
1	Good reception, strong signal, large sized keypad, good call reception, speaker option excellent.
1	Good reception, strong signal, large response sized keypad, good call reception, speaker option excellent.
0	ABOVE
0	supra
0	no storage area
0	no storage 
1	Compact, good controls layout, amazing photo quality, video with sound
1	Compact, controls good layout, amazing photo quality, video with sound
0	It does not come with a case or a flash
0	It does come not with a case or a flash
0	graphics looks ridiculous as well as the ringtones and reception could be better
0	graphics looks preposterous as well as the ringtones and reception could be upright
1	sleek, nice features, clear, you can change colors, nice display, cheap, web enabled&#9;
1	sleek, features, clear, you can colors, nice display, cheap, web enabled&#9;
0	Poor phone/PDA integration
0	Poor phone/ integration
1	Compact Ease-of-use Standard AA batteries
1	Standard Ease-of-use Compact AA batteries
0	Phone overheats when in use, died after 20 months of use
0	Phone overheats when in usance, conk after 20 months of use
0	phonebook not alphabetized, limited ring tones
0	phonebook not alphabetized, limited ring 
0	IMPOSSIBLE TO MANEUVER, TOO LONG, HEAVY, no parent cup holder, not enough shade in front
0	impossible TO MANEUVER, TOO LONG, HEAVY, no nurture transfuse holder, not enough shade in front
0	Lack of optical zoom.  Digital zoom too grainy.
0	Lack of optical digital zoom.  Digital zoom too grainy.
0	under seat storage is too shallow, seat seemed too thin
0	under seat storage is nates too shallow, seat seemed too thin
0	Battery Life, made out of poor plastic , can not play internet games on this.
0	Battery Life, made out of micturate poor plastic , can not play internet games on this.
0	CompactFlash incompatibility, poor download software, forgets settings, rocker switch hard to "select"
0	CompactFlash incompatibility, poor download software, forgets hard, rocker switch settings to "select"
0	No auto shutoff.
0	No auto machine shutoff.
0	no lens cap
0	no cap lens
1	Camera, downloadable apps, great editing, versatile phonebook, fun, light, good reception, huge screen
1	Camera, downloadable apps, great cut, versatile phonebook, fun, light, salutary reception, huge screen
1	Very easy to use Great pictures
1	Very easy to use Great usance pictures
1	Small, great reception, voice dial, browser, indiglo blue LCD, outer ID screen, variable vibrate alert
1	Small, great reception, part dial, browser, indiglo grim LCD, outer ID concealment, variable vibrate alert
1	Works Great, Crystal Clear Sound, TONS of options
1	Works Great, Crystal Sound, TONS of options
0	No buttons for dialing * &#13;&#10;Dim in sunlight
0	No buttons for dialing * &#13;&#10;Dim in sunshine sunlight
0	It's easy to use even for children.
0	even easy to use It's for children.
1	calculator, dated alarm, excellent tech support
1	calculator, dated alarm, excellent tech suffer
1	Image Stabilization, 10X Zoom, Great Lens, Easy to use Digital SLR
1	project Stabilization, 10X Zoom, majuscule Lens, Easy to use Digital SLR
1	Supports  MAC OSX &amp; 9.  Performs functions the majority of the time. 
1	Supports  MAC OSX &amp; 9.  Performs functions of the time. 
1	cheap camera
1	gimcrack camera
1	light weight, excellent phonebook, color changing backlight, good reception (depends somewhat on service provider)
1	light weight, excellent phonebook, color transfer backlight, good reception (depends somewhat on service supplier)
0	Battery use/Design
0	Battery consumption/Design
0	Serial only interface
0	Serial sequent only interface
0	battery life, games, dual mode, menu structure, keypad, no side volume controls.
0	battery life, no, dual mode, menu structure, keypad, games side volume controls.
1	great design, user-friendly
1	design, user-friendly
0	No USB connection, no sound
0	No USB connection, sound no
0	only a 4mb memory stick included
0	only a 4mb stick included
0	Cingular phones wont work in CINGULAR EXTEND
0	Cingular phones wont work in CINGULAR carry
1	Everything- tech, design, build, features, user friendly...
1	Everything- tech, design, establish, features, user friendly...
0	Severe redeye problems in low lighting, barrel distortion at wide angles, no separate viewfinder
0	Severe redeye problems in low lighting, barrel distortion at angles, no separate 
0	Drains batteries very fast, does not take good close-up pictures.
0	Drains batteries very fast, does not take good close-up demand pictures.
0	Phone shuts itself off all the time & power button is hard to operate
0	Phone shuts wholly itself off all the time & power button is hard to operate
0	occasional smears, grainy graphics, large margins
0	episodic occasional smears, grainy graphics, large margins
0	Decent print quality
0	print Decent quality
0	Understanding what you're buying should reduce any negatives
0	Understanding what you're buying should reduce whatsoever any negatives
0	my 4th canon in 3 years
0	my 4th canon in years 3
1	Cute, Speed Dial, Super Speed Dial
1	Cute, Speed Dial, Super Dial
1	2 for 50 bucks. do I need say more?
1	2 for 50. do I need say more?
1	nice selection of ringtones, speakerphone!, hold feature
1	nice selection of ringtones, speakerphone!, choice hold feature
1	Good printing quality. Low cost.
1	Good publish printing quality. Low cost.
1	quick and good color
1	quick good and color
0	limited time for downloads and Sprint customer service
0	limited time for and Sprint customer service
0	takes some time to program in extra programs
0	takes to time some program in extra programs
0	Battery doesn't give you much warning before it checks out. Less than 60 secs. 
0	60 doesn't give you much warning before it checks out. Less than Battery secs. 
0	Screwy frequency, scratchy screen
0	Screwy frequency, uneven screen
1	decent quality
1	quality decent
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	ticker that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	Dated, 2-line display, not great with US networks, no "fun" extras
0	Dated, 2-line display, not enceinte with US networks, no "sport" extras
0	Paper feed sometimes crooked
0	theme feed sometimes crooked
1	It has an on-off switch, price
1	It an on-off switch, price
0	price
0	price
0	none
0	none
0	Need to purchase rechargeable  batteries, larger memory card,and AC adaptor.
0	Need to purchase menu rechargeable  batteries, larger memory card,and AC adaptor.
0	none
0	none
1	All in one unit.
1	All in i unit.
1	Clear Pictures - Easy to use
1	Pictures - Easy to use
1	fast, inexpensive, easy to refill ink
1	fast, inexpensive, to refill ink
1	Easy to use, can change the colors on the face and download tones
1	Easy to use, can change face colors on the the and download tones
1	Dual LCD displays, compact design, lightweight & portable, sexy looking
1	Dual LCD displays, stocky design, lightweight & portable, sexy looking
0	Cost of cartridges = sell your home.
0	Cost cartridges = sell your home.
1	Clean, sharp images, full featured, compact design, image portability
1	Clean, sharp images, full featured, compact design, image project portability
1	easy to install its software, good pictures based on my standard
1	tardily to install its software, proficient pictures based on my standard
1	price, size, use as webcam
1	price, size, practice use as webcam
1	five megapixels with P&amp;S ease of use
1	five megapixels with P&easiness amp;S ease of use
0	Very expensive replacement cartridges, automatic feed wrinkles paper, difficult installation 
0	Very expensive replacement, feed wrinkles paper, difficult installation 
1	Affordable, clear pictures.
1	, clear pictures.
1	CHEAP
1	crummy CHEAP
0	Expensive Cartridges
0	Expensive 
0	Continues to break down
0	Continues to recess down
1	Easy to use
1	to Easy use
1	Optical zoom, storage is easy using disks, incredibly convenient!
1	zoom Optical, storage is easy using disks, incredibly convenient!
1	Don't need to boot up the computer to make color or B&amp;W copies.
1	Don't need to kick up the computer to puddle color or B&amp;westward copies.
0	none really
0	really none
1	none
1	none
1	Very small long battery life great reception
1	Very small long battery life reception
1	compact, two way radio, great features
1	compact, way radio, great features
1	Super easy to use
1	Super easy to 
1	Much better resolution than HP Deskjets
1	resolve Much better resolution than HP Deskjets
0	Low battery life, not very durable, lack of accessories
0	Low battery life, not very durable, lack of accessory
0	Looks Cheap, Not Overly Filled With Extras
0	Cheap Looks, Not Overly Filled With Extras
0	price
0	Price
1	Still a good idea!
1	Still a good!
0	Body Glove cell case doesn't clip onto belt very well, Jabra plastic earpieces get lost easily
0	Body Glove cell Jabra clip doesn't onto belt very well, case plastic earpieces get lost easily
0	CD errors resulting in lost photos, a bit bulky, long delay time between photos
0	CD errors in lost photos, a bit bulky, long delay time photos
1	Beautiful color display and graphics; nice layout; good size and shape
1	Beautiful color display and graphics; nice good; layout size and shape
0	uses a lot of batteries
0	uses a of batteries
0	Not shareable over network
0	Not shareable net over network
0	Bulky and large
0	Bulky and 
0	ink monitoring software not as accurate as it could be
0	monitoring software not as accurate it could be
1	Small, cool silver color, external display, awesome blue backlight
1	Small, cool silver, external display, awesome blue backlight
0	Very expensive cartridges.
0	Very expensive really cartridges.
1	Very stylish. Easy to operate.Great battery life.
1	Very stylish. fashionable Easy to operate.Great battery life.
0	Photos have a strange tint, ink is expensive. No network support.
0	photo have a strange tint, ink is expensive. No network abide.
1	Great design, mp3 player, 1.3megapixel camera, innovative touch screen interface, good presentation, speakers, bluetooth, lightweight,
1	Great camera, mp3 player, touch.3megapixel design, innovative 1 screen interface, good presentation, speakers, bluetooth, lightweight,
1	Excellent reception, Intuitive menu, speaker phone, excellent voice dial feature.
1	Excellent reception, Intuitive menu, speaker phone, excellent Speaker voice dial feature.
1	easy to use, swivel lens, macro mode built in, has all basic features
1	use, swivel lens, macro mode built in, has all basic features
1	Good customer service; cheaper than a polyester suit
1	good customer service; cheaper than a polyester suit
1	Great pics, easy to use, save pics on floppy disk
1	easy pics, Great to use, save pics on floppy disk
0	You have to remove the lens cap before you turn it on
0	You have to remove the lens ceiling before you play it on
0	Does not have multi functions, such as fax or scan capabilities
0	practice not have multi functions, such as fax or skim capabilities
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
1	Reception, bright, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery, MP3 support
0	only black and white, few paper problems
0	only black and white, few problems paper
0	Slow shutter speed, bad low light conditions.
0	Slow shutter, bad low light conditions.
0	Drivers N/A from HP.com and seems to loose drivers after reboot.
0	Drivers N/drivers from HP.com and seems to loose A after reboot.
1	Good battery life, nice size, good reception
1	Good battery life-time, nice size, good reception
1	cheap
1	trashy cheap
0	Lacking some features that I don't really need
0	Lacking some features that don't really need
1	Small, battery lasts long, fun rings to download!
1	Small, lasts long, fun rings to download!
1	Large screen, clear reception
1	Large screen, reception
0	Finger-hurting keypad and buttons; Sluggish feedback from the UI; The backlit brightness fluctuates
0	Finger-hurting keypad and buttons; sluggish feedback from the UI; The backlit smartness fluctuates
1	Total zoom, simple interface
1	come zoom, simple interface
1	takes good pictures
1	takes good figure pictures
0	Mediocre picture quality
0	Mediocre picture image quality
1	Floppy media, optical zoom, Mpeg capability
1	Floppy media, optical zoom, Mpeg capacity
0	Terrible red-eye problem
0	red-eye problem
0	Size, poor integration ergonomics&#13;&#10;Very weak ringer
0	Size, poor integration ergonomics&#thirteen;&#10;Very weak ringer
0	A little too little
0	A little piddling too little
1	Thin, Light, Big Screen.
1	Screen, Light, Big Thin.
1	cheap refurbished ink save lots of money over time
1	cheap refurbished lots save ink of money over time
0	Takes too much time to turn off
0	Takes too much time to off
0	Expensive. Confusing menus.
0	Expensive. confuse menus.
1	Easy to operate
1	Easy operate to
1	light, beautiful
1	spark light, beautiful
0	No AC adapter included
0	No AC adapter admit
1	Low cost.
1	Low.
1	Battery Life, Backlight Display, Memory
1	Battery Life, Display Backlight, Memory
1	Very easy to use, good quality pictures
1	Very easy to use, good leisurely quality pictures
1	Features, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, clarity, it's like having a phone, Gameboy, PDA in one!
1	Features, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, having, it's like clarity Gameboy phone, a, PDA in one!
0	Cheap faulty camera
0	camera faulty Cheap
1	Changeable case, Ring tones, Good screen
1	Ring case, Changeable tones, Good screen
1	High End functions and glass lenses at good prices.
1	High End shabu functions and glass lenses at good prices.
1	easy to use, great quality
1	easy to use, quality great
0	None yet!
0	None none yet!
0	Antenna is awkwardly big, expensive!
0	Antenna is awkwardly grown big, expensive!
1	Great Value, Excellent print quality
1	smashing Value, Excellent print quality
1	Double sided printing
1	treble sided printing
1	A good overall phone.  Excellent reception, loud ringtones, beautiful inner display.
1	a expert overall phone.  Excellent reception, loud ringtones, beautiful inner display.
0	Lousy reception, dropped calls, doesn't ring
0	reception Lousy, dropped calls, doesn't ring
1	Great software , easy to use, the best printing I've seen on an inkjet
1	Great software , easy on use, the best printing I've seen to an inkjet
1	User-friendly. AA batteries. Great quality.
1	User-friendly. AA batteries. aa Great quality.
0	Flimsy, expensive to keep replacing ink
0	Flimsy, expensive to replacing ink
0	no scratch guard for LCD, software is horrible
0	no scratch ward for LCD, software is horrible
0	Too many to list here.
0	here many to list Too.
1	Nice design, features, good reception
1	Nice design, features, decent good reception
1	Full feature set, easy to use, value.
1	Full feature set, easy to sport use, value.
1	high quality images, many options
1	luxuriously quality images, many options
1	The cost for a great product, ease of use, and customer service.
1	The cost for customer great product, ease of use, and a service.
0	BATTERY LIFE!
0	LIFE BATTERY!
1	VERY light, very small, clear buttons and menus.
1	VERY light, very small, acquit buttons and menus.
1	Easy to use and easy menus, good quality!
1	Easy to use and employment easy menus, good quality!
0	Expensive, needs a fast PC
0	Expensive, needs fast PC
1	Fast printing, Cheap
1	loyal Fast printing, Cheap
1	Digital camera and camcorder... oh and it's a phone too!
1	and camera Digital camcorder... oh and it's a phone too!
0	durability/size
0	sizing durability/size
0	Low-light operation a bit trickier, zoom could be better
0	Low-light operation a bit trickier, zoom bettor could be better
1	Price and functions
1	Price functions and
0	Large, noisy
0	Large, 
0	2 units went belly-up over a 13 month period.
0	2 units a belly-up over went 13 month period.
1	Small, light and generally user friendly.
1	Small, generally and light user friendly.
1	Very small and light weight.
1	Very small light and weight.
0	lack of manual settings, no direct USB hookup
0	lack address of manual settings, no direct USB hookup
0	Phonebook/Caller ID, I don't know if its worth the extra cost for the color
0	Phonebook/Caller id, I don't know if its worth the surplus cost for the emblazon
0	battery life, costly product
0	battery life, product costly
0	my finger gets in the pic frame, no carry bag
0	my feel finger gets in the pic frame, no carry bag
1	Quality
1	prize Quality
0	Awkward, complicated interface
0	Awkward, interface complicated
0	Battery life.
0	life Battery.
1	durability, lightweight
1	enduringness durability, lightweight
0	Battery life
0	Battery 
0	Very light weighted!
0	light weighted!
0	Nothing that I can find
0	Nothing that I iodine can find
1	Its Color
1	Color Its
0	uses ink fast but it takes ink to make an image
0	uses ink fast but it to ink takes make an image
1	great pictures, easy to use, good quality, great value
1	great use, easy to pictures, good quality, great value
0	Speakerphone difficult to use with background noise.
0	unmanageable Speakerphone difficult to use with background noise.
1	excellent camera, great size, GREAT pictures!
1	great camera, excellent size, GREAT pictures!
1	Large color screen, external Caller ID, backlit buttons, SUPERB speakerphone.
1	Large color screen, external SUPERB ID, backlit buttons, Caller speakerphone.
0	No ability to disable t-9. No included software for scheduler. No ring tones
0	No ability to disable t-9. No included for. No ring tones
1	Fast and Reliable
1	Fast authentic and Reliable
0	poor sound, poor speakerphone, easily scratches, speed dial, unraised keys
0	poor sound, unleavened poor speakerphone, easily scratches, speed dial, unraised keys
0	Has since been surpassed by other printers
0	Has since pressman been surpassed by other printers
0	A nuisance aligning the ink cartridges
0	A nuisance aligning the ink 
1	Good signal, lightweight
1	Good, lightweight
1	Beautiful Bright Color Screen, Easy to use, Nice sturdy clam shell design.
1	Beautiful Bright Color, Easy to use, Nice sturdy clam shell.
1	easy, point and shoot, good quality pictures
1	video easy, point and shoot, good quality pictures
0	none that I can see at this time.
0	none that I can see at time.
1	Fast and Clear Printing
1	and Fast Clear Printing
1	Holds 80 lbs., adjustable handle, rubber wheels swivel and lock
1	restrain 80 lbs., adjustable manage, rubber wheels swivel and lock
1	Lightweight, only 12 lb.
1	Lightweight, only 12 jackanapes lb.
0	needs a case to come with it; hard to see photo in sunlight
0	needs demand a case to come with it; hard to see photo in sunlight
1	Compact, hand held 3 in one toy.  Easy to record and 'port data.
1	Compact, hand held 3 in one to.  Easy toy record and 'port data.
0	packaged with 8MB MemoryStick and no carrying case!
0	packaged with 8MB MemoryStick and cause no carrying case!
1	Simple to use, Compact size, Works with Windows 98,99
1	dim-witted to exercise, Compact size, Works with Windows 98,99
1	Fast recycle time, 3Mpixel, thru-lens viewfinder, 6x zoom, software
1	Fast recycle time, 3Mpixel, thru-lens viewfinder, 6x, software
1	price
1	price
0	falls apart way too easy
0	falls apart asunder way too easy
1	Great low price, lightweight, and all the programming included
1	Great low price, lightweight, and all the programming scheduling included
1	Big Phonebook Capacity, Stylish and Sleek, Lightweight, Bright Screen, Bluetooth and Speakerphone
1	Big Phonebook Capacity, Stylish and Sleek, and, Bright Screen, Bluetooth Lightweight Speakerphone
0	carts ... small,expensive,chipped. Show no ink with ink remaining. Head clogs with non-Epson inks
0	carts ... small,expensive,chipped. Show no ink with ink remaining. clogs inks
0	Sometimes you'll miss having a viewfinder.
0	Sometimes you'll fille having a viewfinder.
0	slow processing, cannot use the multiple shot feature
0	sluggish processing, cannot use the multiple shot feature
0	Flimsy antenna, small buttons, not too many accessories yet
0	non Flimsy antenna, small buttons, not too many accessories yet
0	Initializing of first print page really slow.
0	Initializing firstly of first print page really slow.
0	Sound quality is awful
0	Sound quality is nasty
0	will bleed on good stationary, can be slow, software only ok
0	will bleed on good stationary, slow, software only ok
1	Inexpensive, plenty of features for the money, good sound quality.
1	Inexpensive, plenty of features for the sound, good money quality.
1	GPRS, WAP, HSCSD, Bluetooth, IrDA, small/stylish design, large phonebook memory, FEATURES & MORE FEATURES
1	GPRS, WAP, HSCSD, Bluetooth, IrDA, small/fashionable stylish design, large phonebook memory, FEATURES & MORE FEATURES
0	Needs expensive paper
0	motive expensive paper
1	Easy setup, Great price, Separate cartridges, USB or Parallel , Very fast prints, Great photo prints
1	Easy, price, Separate cartridges, USB Parallel , Very fast prints, Great photo prints
0	Paper alignment problem now and then; flimsy?
0	flimsy alignment problem now and then; Paper?
0	It is too easy to accidentally erase photos.
0	It is too easy to accidentally erase photo.
1	Great picture quality, configurable, hackable, customizeable scripts
1	Great picture quality, configurable, hackable, scripts customizeable
1	Camera, Smart Card, Speakerphone, Uploadable Phone Numbers, Case has nice nonslip feel.
1	Camera, Smart Card, Speakerphone, Uploadable Case Numbers, Phone has nice nonslip feel.
0	Seems to get a lot of red-eye
0	Seems to lot a get of red-eye
0	no ink level notifier, the price won't stay this low
0	no ink level notifier, the won't this low
0	Included LCD screen completely washed out in daylight, viewfinder doesn't frame well.
0	Included LCD screen completely out in, viewfinder doesn't frame well.
0	small screen, no download capabilities, no polyphonic ringtone, no built-in (or attachable) camera
0	small screen, inbuilt no download capabilities, no polyphonic ringtone, no built-in (or attachable) camera
0	Size, Hard to open, Volume, Antennae
0	Size, severely to open, Volume, Antennae
0	proprietary battery
0	barrage proprietary battery
1	Voice helper, excellent quality
1	Voice helper, fantabulous excellent quality
1	Easy to use, great resolution
1	Easy to use, great 
1	good picture quality, easy to use, excellent in low light and action
1	good picture quality, easy to use, excellent in low light and slowly action
0	battery life, camera, poor tmobile coverage
0	poor life, camera, battery tmobile coverage
1	semi-small size, great sound quality, 4 different usage options
1	semi-small size, great sound caliber, 4 different usage options
1	Great quality, accepts a variety of paper types
1	Great of, accepts a variety quality paper types
0	Dropped calls are soooo annoying!, bad earpiece, the ring is very quiet
0	Dropped calls exist are soooo annoying!, bad earpiece, the ring is very quiet
1	Ease of installation, crispness of printing, talking software
1	of installation, crispness of printing, talking software
1	Compact size, ease of use, features
1	Compact size, ease use of, features
0	Questions about sturdiness
0	Questions about 
0	short battery life, nearly perfect interface but with glaring shortcomings
0	short battery life, perfect interface but glaring shortcomings
0	Loud, Paper feeder slow to load, clunky
0	Loud, clunky feeder slow to load, Paper
0	no flash on camera
0	on flash no camera
0	Orange backlight wasn't that appealing.
0	Orange wasn't that appealing.
1	Easy to use, Good price
1	Easy to use, Good slow price
1	professional quality printing, be as creative as you want to be.
1	professional quality want, be as creative as you printing to be.
1	2400 x 1200 dpi for photo's/graphics; 600 x 600 dpi for text; 4MB built-in RAM
1	x 1200 dpi for photo's/graphics; 600 x dpi text; 4MB built-in RAM
1	HP, Easy to use, reliable, expandable, two paper exit paths, envelope support
1	HP, use to Easy, reliable, expandable, two paper exit paths, envelope support
0	Everyone has one!
0	has one!
0	Poor Battery life, slow processor speed, faded lcd screen.
0	Poor Battery life, slow processor speed, piteous faded lcd screen.
0	Not capable of doing high quality pics
0	Not capable high doing of quality pics
1	nice size and 'fit' in the hand
1	nice size and 'fit' in hand
0	Nothing major enough to list here.
0	Nothing major enough to leaning here.
0	Changing the ink cartridges in and out for different tasks (color/b&amp;W)
0	Changing the ink cartridges in and W for different tasks (color/b&amp;out)
1	Amazing Picture "quality."
1	Amazing Picture "lineament."
1	light and small, great sound quality, easy to use, looks great
1	light and small, great sound quality, easy use, great
0	Not flashy, if you're into that sort of thing.  Just a good, reliable phone.
0	Not flashy, if you're into thing sort of that.  Just a good, reliable phone.
0	Prints slightly skewed, no USB connections, Noise.  Annoying sterile robotic voice  which repeats error and need messages (i.e. out of paper, etc.).
0	Prints slightly Noise, no USB connections, skewed.  Annoying e robotic voice  which repeats error and need messages (i.sterile. out of paper, etc.).
0	Printer cartridges are expensive
0	Printer cartridge are expensive
0	the signal is always low...
0	the is always low...
0	Heavy, big
0	, big
0	Seperate Battery for Vibration, not a lot of Nokia color faces
0	Battery for Vibration, not a lot of color faces
0	small screen for mobile web
0	small screen mobile web
1	 15 pounds, 1-hand fold, parent/child cupholders, adjustable handle height.
1	 15 pounds, 1-hand fold, parent/handle cupholders, adjustable child height.
1	Small size, GREAT battery life, built-in vibrate function, dual illumination, intuitive memory approach.
1	Small size, life, built-in vibrate function, dual illumination, intuitive memory approach.
1	great
1	great
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	Casing is a dust magnet, not as quiet as you'd like for home use
0	Casing is a dust magnet, not as quiet as axerophthol you'd like for home use
0	closer range would be nice
0	closer range be nice
1	decent display, good ringtones, good price
1	decent display, good ripe ringtones, good price
0	cannot do borderless photos, cartridge price expensive
0	cannot do borderless pic, cartridge price expensive
0	Eats batteries like they're goin' out of style., Takes lousy pictures., 
0	Eats batteries like out goin' they're of style., Takes lousy pictures., 
0	eats double AA  batteries quick
0	eats double barrage AA  batteries quick
1	A camera to carry with you at all times.
1	camera A to carry with you at all times.
1	good display, sleek, light weight, good reception,
1	good display, sleek, light weight, silken good reception,
1	very good picture quality
1	very soundly picture quality
0	Can take awhile to print higher quality images. Cartridge cost can add up.
0	canful take awhile to print higher choice images. Cartridge cost can add up.
0	cam broke/wont upload battery drainer NOT MAC/usb supported
0	macintosh cam broke/wont upload battery drainer NOT MAC/usb supported
1	Ease of use. Lightweight. Customizable.
1	Ease Lightweight use. of. Customizable.
1	inexpensive, few jams
1	inexpensive, jams
1	cheap, very portable, if it breaks who cares.
1	cheap, very portable, if it who breaks cares.
0	a little bulky, wish there was a cover for the screen
0	a little bulky, wish there was a continue for the covert
0	None yet.
0	None none yet.
1	Takes Beautiful Pictures
1	Pictures Beautiful Takes
0	Printer drivers are a joke.
0	Printer are drivers a joke.
1	Fast to operate,great printing,easy to install to computer,wonderful for faxing
1	Fast to operate,great printing,easy smashing to install to computer,wonderful for faxing
1	Decent PPM, quality color, parallel or USB capable, nice options 
1	Decent PPM, quality color, parallel or USB capable, collimate nice options 
0	Batter life (not too bad though), no external color display (I know, picky)
0	Batter life (not too bad no), though external color display (I know, picky)
1	Cute Design
1	Cute aim
1	Great for basic features, good text messaging
1	Great for basic features, honorable text messaging
0	Long delay between shots. Viewing screen can be difficult to see in bright light.
0	Long delay between shots. Viewing screen can be difficult to see in.
1	easy to use, great quality, lightweight, affordable
1	easy to use, great loose quality, lightweight, affordable
1	Fast, easy to use, not expensive, dependable brand
1	Fast, easy brand use, not expensive, dependable to
0	Poor batteries included, No AC adapter included, slow start up.
0	Poor batteries included, No AC adapter included, slow adaptor start up.
1	ac battery charger included, easy uploads w/pc card adapter,fits in pocket
1	ac battery included, easy w/pc card adapter,fits in pocket
1	It does the job, doesn't take up a lot of space, and is relatively cable-free.
1	It does the job, doesn't take up angstrom a lot of space, and is distance relatively cable-free.
0	no optical zoom
0	no ocular zoom
1	Versatility
1	versatility
1	Cheap, tiny.
1	tiny, Cheap.
0	tough to catch candid shots due to delay 
0	tough forthright to catch candid shots due to delay 
1	everything you need to get started is in the box
1	everything you pauperization to nonplus started is in the box
0	So is many others. May not be your 'decisive moment' camera.
0	So is many others. May not moment' your 'decisive be camera.
0	Bad photo quality: focus, file size, dark image.
0	Bad photo quality: stress focus, file size, dark image.
0	Limited storage capacity
0	capacity storage Limited
0	Poor battery performance, no Bluetooth.
0	Poor battery performance, No no Bluetooth.
0	at this price/size?  You're kidding!
0	price this at/size?  You're kidding!
0	Uses quite a bit of ink on picture quality
0	Uses quite a bit of on picture quality
0	weak belt clip, heavy
0	belt clip, heavy
0	Lack of features found on other phones, battery life dwindles after a while.
0	Lack of features found on other phones, battery life dwindles after a afterward while.
0	Noisy, does not allow for stiff copy.
0	Noisy, does not act allow for stiff copy.
0	Paper input jams frequently, lawsuit pending
0	Paper input jams frequently, lawsuit case pending
1	The phone is lightweight and fits into the palm of my hand
1	The phone is lightweight and fits into the jackanapes palm of my hand
1	reception, size, camera, everything
1	, size, camera, everything
1	Lightweight/compact, full recline, ease of fold/unfold and attractive
1	Lightweight/compact, full recline, plica ease of fold/unfold and attractive
0	less than crisp images
0	less than nappy images
0	A little big for small hands.
0	little A big for small hands.
1	price, 4 cartridge, cheap ink
1	price, 4 cartridge, cheap toll ink
1	Vibrate ringer,  voice dial, speaker phone, call quality, compact size, battery life, wireless internet.
1	Vibrate ringer,  clone voice dial, speaker phone, call quality, compact size, battery life, wireless internet.
1	Huge Color Display, Big Outer Screen, Design, Weight, Battery Life, Features
1	Huge coloring Display, Big Outer Screen, Design, Weight, battery Life, Features
1	Voice activated dialing, personalized ring tones, many options
1	Voice activated dialing, personalized ring tone, many options
1	Built like a TANK
1	Built like angstrom a TANK
1	Great features/modes, high resolution, color fidelity, excellent metering
1	Great features/modes, color resolution, high fidelity, excellent metering
1	Great quality, excellent software
1	Great quality, excellent package
1	Great Pictures for the Price, easy to upload and use
1	Great for the Price, to upload and use
0	Scanning is VERY slow and not very good quality
0	Scanning is VERY slow and not really very good quality
0	Long lag time from when you press button to when it takes picture
0	time lag Long from when you press button to when it takes picture
0	Cable included was broken, doesn't print as fast as they boast on box, kind of loud printing 
0	printing included loud broken, doesn't print as fast as they boast on box, kind of was Cable 
0	LOUSY battery life.
0	LOUSY battery biography.
1	Ease of use and small size
1	Ease of use and small lowly size
1	Compact, easy to navigate. Voice dial helps in the car.
1	concordat, easily to navigate. Voice dial helps in the car.
0	Video is too small and not the same quality as the still shots.
0	Video is too small and the same quality as the shots.
1	Amazing screen, Great sound quality, Cool Form Factor.
1	gravel screen, Great sound quality, Cool Form Factor.
0	Wish the price were lower
0	Wish the price were care lower
1	Small sleek design, ease of use, good quality pictures.
1	Small design, ease of use, good quality pictures.
1	Small, lightweight, internal antenna, voice dialing
1	, lightweight, internal antenna, voice dialing
0	Cartridge cost.
0	Cartridge price.
0	extremely poor design. too many flaws to list - stay away
0	extremely poor design. too many flaws to list - stay stick away
0	You have to open the printer and swap cartridges to change from color to B&amp;amp;W
0	You have to open the printer and swap cartridges to change from to B&;amp;
1	Super easy to use, great picture quality, small in size
1	Super bully easy to use, great picture quality, small in size
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	A becoming phone with some unique features!
1	Very good price for the features.  Especially the 3x optical zoom.
1	Very good feature price for the features.  Especially the 3x optical zoom.
1	Excellent image quality and ease of use
1	Excellent trope quality and ease of use
1	Size, display works well in bright light, and ease of use.
1	Size, display works well in bright light, and ease.
1	Price:  Often "free" with a multi-year plan; balance of features, reliability.
1	Price:  Often "free" with a; balance of features, reliability.
0	none for the money invested
0	none for the money seat
0	Non-alphabetized phonebook, BUT this phone has voice activated dialing! Manual could be better.
0	Non-alphabetized phonebook, dialing this phone has voice activated BUT! Manual could be better.
1	good quality print, reliable 
1	good print, reliable 
0	The price tag of $200 to $249.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	The price tag of $A 200 to $249.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&xiii amp;#10;
1	Price 
1	price 
1	the actual printer is cheap
1	the actual printer is 
0	no paper manual, no USB connection, a bit flimsy
0	no paper USB, no manual connection, a bit flimsy
1	inexpensive, acceptable quality of printing, reliable machine
1	inexpensive, quality of printing, reliable machine
1	Joystick makes going through menus a blast.  Has meny PDA features.
1	Joystick makes going through PDA a blast.  Has meny menus features.
0	none yet
0	notwithstanding none yet
1	Inexpensive Photo Quality
1	photo Inexpensive Photo Quality
1	Phone wraps, style, phone book, Voice mail button, ease of use
1	Phone wraps, style, phone book, Voice mail button, ease of post use
0	Not ideal for travel...probably isn't meant to be
0	Not paragon for travel...probably isn't meant to be
0	complex - steep learning curve
0	- steep learning curve
1	Small size, picture size for the money
1	minor size, picture size for the money
0	You loose your camera settings when it's powered off.
0	You loose your it's settings when camera powered off.
0	Slow color printing, low quality
0	Slow color printing, low 
1	small size and portability
1	size small and portability
1	picture quality, ease of use
1	picture quality, of use
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	This telephone model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	slow at printing pictures
0	slow At at printing pictures
1	good reception and clarity
1	good reception clarity
1	Separate ink cartridges
1	magazine Separate ink cartridges
0	I have had problems with devices that attach to the charge/data port.
0	I have had problems with devices that attach to the charge/data gimmick port.
1	Affordable, user-friendly 2 megapixel camera with USB interface; uses common AA batteries.
1	Affordable, user-friendly 2 port megapixel camera with USB interface; uses common AA batteries.
0	Slightly difficult-to-press buttons, shape takes a little getting used to
0	Slightly buttons difficult-to-press, shape takes a little getting used to
1	i carry it everywhere with me
1	i carry it everywhere me with
1	Color screen, excellent battery life, endless features
1	screen, excellent battery life, endless features
0	Power consumption, resolution
0	Power consumption, 
1	The jewel of Nikon's famed interchangeability
1	The jewel of Nikon's famous interchangeability
0	Battery life; lack of ring tones; difficulty overall
0	Battery life; lack of ring tones; difficulty deficiency overall
1	Integrated Palm OS, user interface, battery life
1	Integrated Palm osmium, user interface, battery life
1	Rides nice, looks nice, infant seat fits in my small back seat
1	Rides nice, looking skillful, infant seat fits in my small back seat
1	Tiny, great optics
1	, great optics
1	Good reception, nice and small, has a flip, easy to use, decent battery life
1	estimable reception, nice and little, has a flip, easy to use, decent battery life
0	NONE!!!
0	none!!!
1	size!, easy of use, cuteness
1	size!, sizing easy of use, cuteness
0	Eats batteries like a HUMMER! Needs a neck strap! Fragile toggle back button
0	corrode batteries like a HUMMER! Needs a neck strap! tenuous toggle back button
1	cheep 
1	cheep 
0	Batteries Tend to Go Dead Fast, Memory Card Reader may Be Needed. Kind of Heavy.
0	Batteries to Tend Needed Dead Fast, Memory Card Reader may Be Go. Kind of Heavy.
0	the keys are probably a little small
0	the keys are probably a little 
0	expensive, limited MPEG value
0	expensive, limited MPEG 
0	Power system, weird feel
0	Power system, feel weird
0	Hard to use. Doesn't work well with some systems.
0	Hard to use. Doesn't work about well with some systems.
0	digital zoom switches to lower quality compression.
0	switches zoom digital to lower quality compression.
0	large LCD screen on back drains batteries fast
0	large LCD on back drains batteries fast
0	Bulky and awkward; expensive; no bluetooth or Wi-Fi; phone network patchy at present;poor manual
0	Bulky and awkward;; no bluetooth or; phone patchy at present;poor manual
1	telephoto lens, floppy disks, flexibility
1	telephoto, floppy disks, flexibility
0	Costly, not necessary for everyone.
0	Costly, not necessary for pricy everyone.
0	Bulky, lag time in keys, 20 digit max entries in phonebook, antenna, no infrared
0	Bulky, lag time in keys, 20 digit max entries jail in phonebook, antenna, no infrared
0	CAMERA IS LARGE,MUST BUY CARRYING CASE[NOT INCLUDED],
0	CAMERA IS vauntingly,MUST BUY CARRYING CASE[NOT INCLUDED],
1	Great Resolution - Needs a Little Improvement
1	Great Improvement - Needs a Little Resolution
0	Energy hog; pricey, with extremely limited memory
0	Energy hog; pricey, with extremely memory limited
1	optical zoom,lower cost,smaller size,execellent exposure, focus, and color
1	rivet optical zoom,lower cost,smaller size,execellent exposure, focus, and color
1	very light, color change covers, nice battery life, games and other features
1	very light, colouration change cross, nice battery life, games and other features
1	Great price, outstanding picture quality, good battery life, video output, slide show mode, TONS of extras!
1	Great, picture quality, battery life, video output, slide show mode, TONS of extras!
0	The leather case for it.
0	The leather instance for it.
1	BRILLIANT color, fast black, HP quality
1	BRILLIANT color, fast grim, HP quality
0	Have not found any.
0	Have non not found any.
0	none so far
0	none soh so far
1	Compact, stylish yet rugged.  Innovative features.
1	stocky, stylish yet rugged.  Innovative features.
0	Please don't drop it!  It breaks easily.
0	Please breaks drop it!  It don't easily.
1	Wow! Awesome quality, HP name, fast, USB and Parallel capable.
1	Wow! Awesome quality, HP name, fast, USB and Parallel dissipated capable.
1	Small and compact size. Leave lots of room on the desk, when space is minimal.
1	Small and compendious size. Leave slews of room on the desk, when place is minimal.
0	None are significant. Sticky camera mode dial. Focus could be better.
0	None are significant. mucilaginous camera mode dial. focalize could be better.
1	Best Photo Quality In A Printer I've Seen Yet!
1	Best Photo Quality dependable In A Printer I've Seen Yet!
0	Low paper capacity
0	scurvy Low paper capacity
1	Durability, interface, battery.
1	Durability, port, battery.
1	Text Quality &amp;amp; Price
1	Text Quality &;amp; Price
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	Large screen, top reception and great functions
1	Style,Lightweight,FoldsCompactly, EXECELLENT LATCH CAR SEAT SYSTEM,Stable
1	Style,lightweight,FoldsCompactly, EXECELLENT LATCH CAR SEAT SYSTEM,Stable
1	Great price, easy to use
1	Great use, easy to price
1	Good for the electronically challenged, Low Cost, Great Software, 
1	Good for the electronically challenged, Low, Great Software, 
1	Lightweight and stylish. Nice parent tray.
1	Lightweight and stylish. Nice parent rear tray.
0	Malfunctions easily in spite warranty
0	Malfunctions easily in venom warranty
0	 Short focal length lens Flash on the weak side  
0	 Short on length lens Flash focal the weak side  
0	Battery life could be better (ok for me though).  No Web access (like R289)
0	life could be better (ok for though).  No Web access (like R289)
1	HP 612 is a really easy digital camera and takes good pictures.
1	HP 612 easy a really is digital camera and takes good pictures.
1	Nice looking, clear screen.
1	Nice clear, looking screen.
1	nice thing to have around
1	nice thing have around
1	mail, paging, voice mail, phone, walkie-talkie in one
1	mail, paging, mail, phone, walkie-talkie in one
0	Horribly slow when printing high res color documents
0	awfully slow when printing high res color documents
1	This camera gives nice 5x7 pictures.
1	This camera gives nice 5x7 picture.
0	Should be 15% smaller, no expansion slot , color screen would be way cool.
0	Should screen 15% smaller, no expansion slot , color be would be way cool.
1	Relatively inexpensive, good battery life, lightweight, looks good, has a radio.
1	inexpensive, good battery life, lightweight, looks good, has radio.
0	A little awkward to hold
0	amp A little awkward to hold
1	Pocket sized, easy to operate
1	sized, easy to operate
0	Slow to pull up pictures that have already been taken
0	pull to Slow up pictures that have already been taken
0	GSM coverage spotty in some areas, some features are overkill, needs louder listening volume
0	mind GSM coverage spotty in some areas, some features are overkill, needs louder listening volume
1	Great camera with great pictures.
1	Great camera great pictures.
0	Freezes once in a while, not many new features.
0	Freezes once many a while, not in new features.
1	Best product in its price range, lots of options, easy to use, great support and warranty
1	Best merchandise in its price reach, lots of options, easy to use, slap-up support and warranty
0	Doesn't come with a lens, or any compact flash. Demo software 30 day trial. 
0	Doesn't come with a lens, or compact flash. Demo software day trial. 
1	Easy to use.  Sharp display.  Excellent results.  Full of features.
1	Easy to use.  Sharp display.  splendid results.  full-of-the-moon of features.
1	It prints fast, easy to set up, print quality is great, and Ink indicator
1	It prints fast, print to set up, easy quality is great, and Ink indicator
1	Sleek and stylish, best displays in the market.
1	Sleek and marketplace stylish, best displays in the market.
1	Compact design, easy to use, great picture quality
1	Compact design, easy to use, great render quality
0	Slow as a donkey, Expensive Ink, Expensive Paper
0	dull as a donkey, Expensive Ink, Expensive Paper
0	Odd address book, menus a bit deep, not enough letters for LCD in addressbook
0	Odd address book, menus bit deep, not enough letters LCD in addressbook
1	Compact, lots of features
1	Compact, lots of 
1	Size, design, keypad, scratch resistant metal.
1	Size, designing, keypad, scratch resistant metal.
1	Speed, Quality, noise Level
1	Speed, Quality, Level noise
1	Good Price, Excellent Pictures
1	Good toll Price, Excellent Pictures
0	size, however acceptable because of built in speaker
0	size, acceptable however because of built in speaker
0	Short battery life, software support, light adjustment
0	Short battery life, software light, support adjustment
1	Small, long battery life, stylish
1	Small, long battery animation, stylish
0	Full size camera is a bit bulkier than today's typical digitals.
0	Full camera is a bit bulkier than today's typical.
0	limited amount of pictures can be taken
0	limited amount be pictures can of taken
0	Don't like AdobeActiveShare 
0	Don't corresponding AdobeActiveShare 
1	Ultra-compact, very fast, durable, excellent photo quality
1	Ultra-compact, very fast, fantabulous durable, excellent photo quality
1	hmmmm.... hold on, I'm thinking
1	hmmmm.... moderate on, I'm thinking
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	fast in taking pictures,fast in reviewing pictures,fast in changing camera settings
1	fast in engage pictures,fast in reviewing ikon,fast in changing camera settings
1	Great price, awesome print quality!
1	quality price, awesome print Great!
0	3 colors are in one cartridge - must replace all to replace one.
0	3 discolor are in one cartridge - moldiness replace all to replace one.
0	Sprint PCS Service, wireless connection
0	Sprint PCS, wireless connection
0	They should give you a free printer after purchasing 5 cartridges.
0	They you give should a free printer after purchasing 5 cartridges.
1	Easy to use. Quick assesable menu, and hotkeys.
1	Easy to use. Quick assesable, and hotkeys.
0	none
0	none
0	Hard to format disc, Battery life too short.
0	Hard to format disc, life too short.
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of exercise
0	could use a more durable antenna
0	could a more durable antenna
0	You will need something better eventually
0	You will need eventually better something
1	Faster than our old one
1	Faster than one old our
0	Only picture wallpapers available, nothing plain
0	Only picture wallpapers useable, nothing plain
1	Easy to use, high quality
1	Easy to use, quality
0	don't have any yet--I guess the color if I had to pick
0	don't have any yet--I guess to color if I had the pick
0	The cost of replacement cartridges! 
0	The cost of cartridges! 
0	can be a bit confusing
0	can be ampere a bit confusing
0	numbers are too small
0	numbers are too belittled
1	display, loud ringer, size, joystick, and easy menu search
1	display, loud ringer, size,, and easy menu search
1	IF YOU DON'T HAVE A LOT OF ROOM THIS IS THE PRODUCT FOR YOU
1	IF YOU DON'T HAVE A pile OF ROOM THIS IS THE production FOR YOU
1	Low Cost, Attractive Design, Easy of Setup, Easy of use
1	Low Cost, Attractive Design, Easy Setup of, Easy of use
1	SIZE, SIZE, SIZE
1	SIZE, SIZE, size SIZE
0	difficult to maneuver
0	guide difficult to maneuver
1	Lightweight and easy to carry; digital; attractive and stylish design.
1	Lightweight and easy to carry;; attractive and stylish.
0	Too Many Problems
0	Many Too Problems
0	Color Prints
0	Prints
1	Battery life, utility, construction.
1	Battery sprightliness, utility, construction.
1	small,sturdy, light
1	small,light, sturdy
0	Camera doesn't work well in darker settings, power hungry
0	Camera doesn't work well in darker, power hungry
0	software, speaker, production quality overall.
0	software, speaker, production quality package overall.
0	Small paper capacity
0	Small paper wallpaper capacity
0	PictureLite3.2.  Serial cable download speed.
0	PictureLite3.2.  Serial cable download.
1	light, easy to use....works exceptionally well
1	light, easy to exceptionally....works use well
1	See Review Above
1	realise Review Above
1	style, many cool features
1	style, panache many cool features
0	Silvery futuristic exterior flakes by just looking at it the wrong way.
0	Silvery futuristic exterior eccentric by just looking at it the wrongfulness way.
0	none
0	none
0	Mine blew up
0	up blew Mine
1	good battery life, very clear
1	battery good life, very clear
1	You can get it pretty cheap now...
1	You can get it pretty lav cheap now...
1	Compact Size, Many Features, Customizeable Covers, Low Cost
1	Cost Size, Many Features, Customizeable Covers, Low Compact
1	Nice design, excellent quality (on quality paper), good price
1	Nice design, excellent quality (on quality paper), good fantabulous price
0	not yet
0	non not yet
1	All Round Good Printer
1	All polish Good Printer
0	Need at  least $5500 to get started
0	pauperism at  least $5500 to get started
1	Easy to use, shaped like a normal camera, good price-performance match.
1	leisurely to use, forge like a normal camera, good price-performance match.
0	can't hear callers after only 7 months!, poor battery life, sluggish
0	can't hear callers after only 7!, poor battery, sluggish
0	The price of cartridges and paper, however, it is still cheaper than having photos developed.
0	The of cartridges and paper, however, is still than having photos developed.
1	excellent printer!
1	printer excellent!
0	Not great battery life, Cannot put any lenses on it
0	Not great battery, put any lenses on it
1	It is small and looks sleek and trendy.
1	It is small and looks slick and trendy.
0	Ink hog, expensive cartridges, noisy
0	Ink noisy, expensive cartridges, hog
0	poor Motorola menu structure, awful battery life, buggy software
0	poor Motorola menu life, awful battery structure, buggy software
0	slow; installation breaks; expensive ink
0	slow; breaks; expensive ink
1	size
1	sizing size
0	slow charge, slow file handling, short battery life
0	slow charge, behind file handling, short battery life
1	Great Camera , Awesome Photos
1	Photos Camera , Awesome Great
1	Simple to use
1	Simple to practice
1	Small. lightweight, great reception, so many features
1	Small. lightweight, great hence reception, so many features
0	No reception anywhere. locks up, have to remove battery to unlock.
0	No reception anywhere. curl up, have to off battery to unlock.
0	none
0	none
1	Ease of use, photo quality, don't need a computer
1	Ease of use, photo prize, don't need a computer
1	Easy to use. Compact to carry. Computer Software is simple to use.
1	Easy to use. Compact carry. Software is simple to use.
1	It never makes a blob, is economical to use, the ink lasts long and it hardly ever has paper jams. 
1	It never makes a blob, is economical to use, ink the lasts long and it has ever hardly paper jams. 
1	nice games, right size, decent battery life, different from the 5160
1	nice games, right decent, size battery life, different from the 5160
1	It produces descent pictures.
1	It produces pictures descent.
0	Power
0	mogul
0	Inablity to change alert profiles with phone closed, color screen eats battery life
0	Inablity to change profiles phone closed, color screen eats battery life
1	Size, weight, and easy to use
1	Size,, and easy to use
1	Quality color picures.
1	Quality color colouring picures.
1	price, features, inclusions, size and weight, ability to use a tripod
1	price, features, inclusions, size weight, ability use a tripod
0	Still cost too much! Wish prices would come down.
0	Still cost too much! prices would come down.
1	camera, mp3 player, bluetooth, durable, expandable, large clear screen
1	large, mp3 player, bluetooth, durable, expandable, camera clear screen
1	great pics
1	pics great
1	speaker, headphone jack, light, blue screen, battery charge, looks
1	, headphone jack, light, blue screen, battery charge, looks
1	Impeccable printing quality. Prints with speed and confidence.
1	speed printing quality. Prints with Impeccable and confidence.
0	Not loud enough, distorted-
0	Not distorted- enough, loud
1	Smooth running style
1	Smooth go style
0	You gotta read up on the manual
0	You gotta up on the manual
0	No flash, marginal lens.
0	No flash, bare marginal lens.
0	Slow warm up.  Smears when printing on high gloss paper
0	Slow warm up.  Smears when printing on high gloss astir paper
1	Cost, Quality of Pictures, LCD display
1	Cost, Quality of tone Pictures, LCD display
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color 3megapixel, 1.screen camera, Attractive Design
1	Fast, easy software installation, DuraBright water resistant ink.
1	Fast, light software installation, DuraBright water resistant ink.
1	Instant Pictures &amp;amp; Not having to pick up pictures...
1	Instant Pictures &amp;amp; Not crying having to pick up pictures...
0	LCD screen gets smudgy when you use the view finder, its a battery guzzler.
0	LCD screen start smudgy when you employ the view finder, its a battery guzzler.
1	This printer is very affordable and the ink cartridges are easy to install.
1	This printer is very affordable the ink cartridges easy to install.
0	slow to turn on, no automatic flash
0	slow to turn on, no automatic flaunt
1	Love the image-viewing options before uploading to computer.
1	Love the image-viewing options uploading to computer.
1	Compact, easy to use, and takes great snapshots
1	Compact, easy to use, takes and great snapshots
1	Small, cool looking but nothing else about this phone is good
1	small-scale, cool looking but nothing else about this phone is honest
1	excellent quality, durable, good on consumable
1	excellent choice, durable, good on consumable
0	Serial connection too slow, included memory too small
0	Serial connection too slow, included memory too pocket-sized
1	Fun to play with; excellent mp3 player; good digital video
1	Fun play with; excellent mp3 player; digital video
0	None, really.
0	, really.
0	batteries get used up fast, nothing else comes to mind.
0	batteries get used up, nothing else comes to.
1	Easy to use, lightweight, powerful
1	Easy to hefty use, lightweight, powerful
0	Could be faster, finicky USB setup
0	Could be profligate, finicky USB setup
1	blocks roaming charges, nice looking, sturdy antenna
1	blocks roaming charges, nice looking, sturdy hardy antenna
0	No caller id, hands-free headset not functional, and battery charger cover is not practical.
0	No caller id, hands-free headset not, and battery cover is not practical.
0	Reliability (Apparently defective software locks up the phone intermittently)
0	Reliability (Apparently patently defective software locks up the phone intermittently)
0	No cover for the LCD screen, ZOOM
0	LCD cover for the No screen, ZOOM
0	no external battery charger
0	no external battery courser charger
0	Does not come with a case.  16mb flash card allows for only 20 photos. 
0	Does not come with a case.  16mb twinkle card admit for only 20 photos. 
0	Reception, contacts and a silly screen...
0	Reception, meet and a silly screen...
0	None
0	none
0	EXPENSIVE; only works with Sprint's PCS service; takes some getting used to.
0	EXPENSIVE; only works takes Sprint's PCS service; with some getting used to.
0	May not be for those who are serious about their photography...
0	May not be for those beryllium who are serious about their photography...
1	Great pictures at a great price
1	Great pictures photograph at a great price
0	Proprietary computer cable
0	Proprietary computer cablegram
1	Great camera
1	camera Great
0	None
0	none None
0	Slightly clumsy
0	Slightly cumbersome
0	no usb, no sound with movies
0	usb, no sound with movies
0	Not PHOTO quality
0	Not PHOTO caliber
1	Nice Color screen, backlit, navigation menu's, battery life, lots of features.
1	Nice features screen, backlit, navigation menu's, battery life, lots of Color.
1	Ease of Use Quality 
1	simplicity of Use Quality 
1	digital photos, lcd screen, compact size
1	digital photos, lcd picture screen, compact size
0	Doesn't use standard miniplug headset
0	Doesn't use standard headset
1	perfect for a beginner
1	hone for a beginner
0	Somewhat flimsy, no flash memory, media more difficult to acquire.
0	flimsy, no memory, media more difficult to acquire.
1	speed, reliability, floppy disk...
1	speed, reliability, floppy record...
1	Tri-mode wide coverage, voice memos &dialing, low price, sharp resolution &design, light weight
1	Tri-mode wide coverage, voice memos &dialing, low price, acuate resolution &design, lightly weight
1	Great color screen, great battery life
1	Great color screen, battery life
1	* Size
1	* sizing Size
0	reception reads low half the time, and i get fine reception. can't download rings.
0	reception reads low half the time, get fine reception. can't download rings.
0	Rather cheaply made &amp; expensive cartridges
0	Rather cheaply made &amp; cartridges
1	Printout quality is great, speed is good
1	Printout quality is great, is speed good
1	5 point harness, nice canopy, easy to fold/unfold, lots of storage space, very comfy looking seat
1	5 point harness, nice canopy, easy to looking/unfold, of lots storage space, very comfy fold seat
1	Cheap, Reliable, Relatively Small
1	chinchy, Reliable, Relatively Small
0	Noisy drawn out start up.
0	Noisy run out start up.
0	Small keys,not good for BIG FINGERS. Need USB Cable to get pictures out.
0	keys,not good for FINGERS. Need USB Cable to get pictures out.
1	Easy Setup, Crisp Clear copies, Fast printing
1	Easy Setup, Crisp Clear copies, Fast 
1	looks great, small
1	looks bet great, small
0	Unreliable signal, out of service, cut-off phone calls.
0	Unreliable signal, out of service, cut-off phone cry.
0	Easy breakdown, Huge antenna, Flip open itself. HIGH radiation
0	itself breakdown, Huge antenna, Flip open Easy. HIGH radiation
0	Too slow for those with high speed needs
0	Too easy for those with high speed needs
1	decent camera phone, user friendly format
1	decent camera phone, friendly format
0	horrible connectors for power and synch - with lights off almost impossible to connect.
0	horrible connectors for power and synch - connexion with lights off almost impossible to connect.
0	none
0	none
0	Size and ink cartridge cost
0	Size and ink magazine cost
0	Envelopes catches against output tray during output
0	Envelopes against output tray during output
0	small cartridge size
0	small pickup size
1	Not any I can think of.
1	Not any I can think non of.
0	poor paper transport
0	paper transport
1	Great sound, always clear, large window screen, easy to use
1	Great sound, always clear, large easy screen, window to use
0	sometimes hard to hear people, speakerphone has problems every once and a while
0	sometimes unvoiced to hear people, speakerphone has problem every once and a while
1	Easy to use, Works on a Windows or Macintosh Computer, comes with all cables.
1	Easy to use, Works on a Windows or crop Macintosh Computer, comes with all cables.
0	No lens cover, red-eye
0	Lens No lens cover, red-eye
1	convenient size, easy to use, expandable, good software
1	convenient size, easy to use, expandable, ripe software
0	Took two hours to properly install; sluggish speed (especially when scanning)
0	Took hours properly install; sluggish speed (especially when scanning)
1	great
1	neat
0	Some of the "extras" cost extra to use.
0	Some of "extras" cost extra to use.
0	Dumb ring tones
0	ring tones
1	Great pictures, true color, rugged construction, nice interface.
1	Great pictures, true color, rugged nice, construction interface.
1	fast, inexpensive
1	inexpensive, fast
1	Amazing camera, very durable, easy to use.
1	Amazing camera, very durable, tardily to use.
0	Higher quality printing can be sluggish, somewhat of an ink hog.
0	Higher quality printing can publish be sluggish, somewhat of an ink hog.
1	I liked the fact that it was a camera phone...
1	I wish the fact that it was a camera call...
0	No optical viewfinder.  A bit bulky. 
0	optical viewfinder.  A bit bulky. 
1	cheap, fast, reliable
1	fast, cheap, reliable
0	The CR-V3 batteries cost a lot, flash isn't very powerful
0	The CR-V3 batteries cost a lot, real flash isn't very powerful
0	none
0	none
1	Quality Photos; Ease of use; size of camera; 
1	Quality Photos; Ease of use; size of repose camera; 
1	Cheap, Great Pictures, Very Nice Design
1	Cheap, Pictures Great, Very Nice Design
1	Very small,lite, and stylish. Decent signal and battery life.
1	Very small,light lite, and stylish. Decent signal and battery life.
1	Great options, very few drop calls
1	options, very few drop calls
1	SMALL!!! LIGHT!!! Easy to access phonebook.
1	!!! LIGHT!!! Easy to access phonebook.
1	Cute design
1	Cute excogitation
1	Sleek, Small, Color, Light, Polyphonic Rings, Games
1	Sleek, Small, Games, Light, Polyphonic Rings, Color
1	color screen, BREW
1	color brew screen, BREW
1	Superior Print Quality;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Low Printer Purchase Price;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of Installation&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	victor Print Quality;&amp;#XIII;&amp;#10;Low Printer Purchase Price;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of initiation&amp;#xiii;&amp;#10;
1	double-sided printing, high quality printouts, quiet 
1	double-sided printing, luxuriously quality printouts, quiet 
1	Solid, Nice looking output, USB
1	Solid, Nice looking outturn, USB
1	Inexpensive Color Printer
1	Inexpensive Printer Color
1	Long battery life, good design, USB, expandable memory
1	Long battery life, expansile good design, USB, expandable memory
0	The camera was built somewhat off so the power button is very close to the shutter which might make you turn the camera off when taking a picture. Also, the batteries drain quick but since they are just four AA batteries, it made no difference to me
0	The camera built off so power button to the which make you turn the camera off when taking picture. Also, the batteries drain quick but since they are just four AA batteries, it made no difference to me
0	Paper/Ribbon pack hard to find locally but plenty available online, prints up to 4x6
0	Ribbon/up pack hard to find locally but plenty available online, prints Paper to 4x6
1	It has a nice purple epson logo on it
1	It has a courteous purple epson logo on it
0	likes to jam paper sometimes, but rare
0	likes to throng paper sometimes, but rare
0	None
0	None
0	Stupid lens cap/power on problem, LCD should swivel as well as tilt.
0	Stupid lens cap/power problem, LCD swivel as well as tilt.
1	Small, nice quality
1	select Small, nice quality
0	none
0	none
0	Power &amp; LCD (see review).
0	Power &amp; (see review).
0	Its Crap - Disfunctional, bad design, incompatable, terrible print quality
0	Its Crap - Disfunctional, bad invention, incompatable, terrible print quality
1	compact, attractive, great reception, easy to use, good battery life
1	heavyset, attractive, great reception, easy to habituate, good battery life
0	Somewhat bulky when open, display, somewhat confusing navigation circle
0	Somewhat bulky when open, display, somewhat throw navigation circle
0	envelopes a bit tricky &amp;amp; slower
0	envelopes a bit &amp;amp; slower
1	Really cool features, voice dialing, better games, customize-able menus
1	Really cool features, voice menus, better games, customize-able dialing
1	Large display, large buttons, reception, frugal battery usage, full featured, durable case
1	Large display, large buttons, reception, frugal indestructible battery usage, full featured, durable case
0	poorly made, eats batteries, pictures are not always the right color
0	poorly made, eats batteries, pictures not always right color
1	Small and lightweight, voice commands, connectivity to other devices.
1	Small whippersnapper and lightweight, voice commands, connectivity to other devices.
0	The ' EV ' display and instructions too technical for what you get.
0	The ' EV ' display and instructions too for technical what you get.
0	None at this time.
0	None at time.
0	Not the smallest of the portables by far, but still a good one, need to change ink cartridges more often
0	Not the smallest of far portables by the, but still a good one, more to change ink cartridges need often
0	umption
0	umption
1	The Best 'Bang For The Buck!'
1	Best 'Bang For The Buck!'
0	adapter for headphones, FM tuner doesn't work without the hands-free unit plugged in
0	adapter for headphones, hands-free tuner doesn't work without the FM unit plugged in
0	Ink cartridges smaller, but still pricey. Slightly flimsy.
0	Ink cartridges smaller, but still pricey. Slightly fragile flimsy.
1	Lightweight, small, color display, lots of gimmicks, games
1	discolour Lightweight, small, color display, lots of gimmicks, games
0	Somewhat slow to turn on, a few interface issues, battery life per charge isn't great.
0	Somewhat slow to deform on, a few interface issues, battery life per guardianship isn't capital.
0	Filters unavailable (to my knowledge)
0	unavailable Filters (to my knowledge)
0	Not the best in any of the above
0	Not best in any of the above
0	Poor sound quality, poor ergonomics, difficult NOT to scratch screen
0	Poor quality sound, poor ergonomics, difficult NOT to scratch screen
0	Takes up a lot of space.
0	subscribe up a lot of space.
1	Durable, easy to use, economical, good looking phone, many extra features
1	, easy to use, economical, good phone, many extra features
1	Light for the quality
1	Light for quality
1	Individual Ink Cartridges
1	Individual Cartridges Ink
0	somewhat bulky design
0	somewhat bulky jolly design
0	It is big, loud, and slow.
0	prominent It is big, loud, and slow.
0	Bad flash, Small Memory, Avg. Quality
0	Bad flash, Small Memory, store Avg. Quality
0	menus and price...
0	and menus price...
0	no accessories, short battery life
0	no battery, short accessories life
1	Very versatile
1	really Very versatile
1	Great Games & Extras
1	Great & Extras
1	Lighter-weight
1	Lighter-weight
0	a bit slow; somewhat noisy; bulky 
0	bit slow; somewhat noisy; bulky 
1	Very Fast Printing for Both Text and Graphics, Mac and PC Compatible.
1	Very microcomputer Fast Printing for Both Text and Graphics, Mac and PC Compatible.
0	battery life, reception, price, not tri-mode
0	battery, reception, price, not tri-mode
0	Calendar does not have "view all day notes" feature.
0	Calendar does non not have "view all day notes" feature.
0	6 months and I haven't found one.
0	6 months and I haven't chance one.
0	Menus are confusing, profiles difficult to set up,
0	Menus to confusing, profiles difficult are set up,
1	backlight, backlight fade effect, easy to read, durable, light, small, good reception.
1	backlight, backlight fade effect, easy to read, durable, scan light, small, good reception.
0	Not so good picture under low light/night time
0	so Not good picture under low light/night time
0	A bit expensive
0	expensive bit A
0	Nokia 8310
0	8310 Nokia
0	Antenna, Price, Stupid belt clip
0	Antenna, Price, pudden-head belt clip
1	Loud earpiece, mp3 rings, games, speakerphone, battery life
1	Loud stake earpiece, mp3 rings, games, speakerphone, battery life
0	Controls not very intuitive. LCD is small.
0	Controls not very intuitive. is LCD small.
0	Ships with 8mb SM card, No Case, No lens attachments.
0	Ships with 8mb SM card, Case, No attachments.
0	LCD hard to use in low light , Serial cable slow, No optical Zoom
0	LCD hard to use in depressed luminousness , Serial cable slow, No optical Zoom
0	Battery hog
0	shelling hog
1	everything
1	everything
1	LCD screen
1	LCD blind
1	Print Quality, Price, and Efficiency
1	mark Print Quality, Price, and Efficiency
1	Small enough to carry in a shirt pocket., Awesome clarity
1	Small enough to in a pocket., Awesome clarity
1	Small, light flip phone with color LCD, polyphonic ringtones
1	Small, light ringtones phone with color LCD, polyphonic flip
0	Flip-style is a bit more complicated than necessary?
0	Flip-style is bit more complicated than necessary?
1	very small, Good reception, Clear sound.
1	very small, Good reception, discharge Clear sound.
1	battery life, features, durable
1	features life, battery, durable
0	Print quality is poor.  Slow
0	Print quality is poor.  live Slow
1	Size, weight,flip lcd,compact flash card
1	Size, weightiness,flip lcd,compact flash card
0	Sometimes loses connection in weak coverage areas
0	areas loses connection in weak coverage Sometimes
1	GREAT COLOR PICTURES
1	COLOR GREAT PICTURES
1	A multitude of features, interchangeable colorful face plate options, Dual Band & Great Price
1	A multitude of options, interchangeable colorful face plate features, Dual Band & Great Price
0	Definitely not for taking actions shots.
0	gibe Definitely not for taking actions shots.
0	Somewhat slow auto-focusing and recharge times
0	Somewhat slow auto-focusing and times recharge
1	Slim, many features for price
1	Slim, many features for Price
0	overpriced, lack of wide angle
0	overpriced, lack of overprice wide angle
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, full crystal-clear display
0	Have to use special paper to achieve 1440 x 720 dpi
0	Have to usance special paper to achieve 1440 Adam 720 dpi
0	Screen is dull and washed out, scratches easily.
0	Screen is dull and washed out, scratches.
1	Faster Than Average Printing, Easy To Use &amp; It's An HP!
1	Faster Average Printing, Easy To Use &amp; It's An!
1	Inexpensive, nice print quality and quiet
1	Inexpensive, nice print and quiet
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
0	Finicky (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very moments, no to VM.
1	easy to change ink, prints clear, fast (after it's warmed up)
1	easy change to ink, prints clear, fast (after it's warmed up)
1	Small, lightweight, but sturdy.  Price.
1	Small, jackanapes, but sturdy.  Price.
1	Pretty pink, sexy looking, slim profile, bluetooth
1	profile pink, sexy looking, slim Pretty, bluetooth
0	None!
0	none None!
1	Great Quality, a lot of options for picture quality.  Options of 56-300+ pictures (32MB Card)
1	Great lot Quality, a mass lot of options for picture quality.  Options of 56-300+ pictures (32MB Card)
0	price
0	damage price
1	Durable, Speakerphone & Great Quality
1	Durable, Speakerphone & Quality
1	Fast, Scalable, and Easy Software.
1	, Scalable, and Easy Software.
0	viewfinder, lens cap, feels toy-ish
0	viewfinder, lens cap, crest feels toy-ish
1	Easy to use, prints pictures AWESOME, nice looking and quiet.
1	Easy to use, prints pictures quiet, nice looking and AWESOME.
1	Excellent print quality, adjustable settings to photo quality for people, nature, etc.
1	Excellent print, adjustable settings to quality for people, nature, etc.
1	pretty
1	fairly pretty
1	Superb quality. See my full review for more details.
1	quality. See my full review for more details.
0	None!
0	None!
0	low battery life, holster problems
0	blue battery life, holster problems
1	Fast engine, easy network setup,works with Win2K like a pro, great image quality!
1	Fast engine, network setup,works Win2K like a pro, great image quality!
1	dual usage
1	usage
0	a bit slow
0	slow bit a
1	great photo quality, lcd viewfinder, movie/sound recording, easy to use
1	photo great quality, lcd viewfinder, movie/sound recording, easy to use
0	NO SPEAKER PHONE, NOT DUAL MODE.
0	NO PHONE, NOT DUAL MODE.
0	Battery usage(without AC adapter), Zoom is not great.
0	Battery actinium usage(without AC adapter), Zoom is not great.
0	Speaker on back is located in a horrible spot that is easy to block.
0	Speaker on back is located in a horrible descry that is easy to blocking.
1	handy, practical, the games are neat.
1	, practical, the games are neat.
0	no Jaguar drivers, can take a few seconds to warm up, terrible support website
0	no Jaguar drivers, can take a terrible seconds to warm up, few support website
1	Electronics are very good.
1	Electronics are very goodness.
0	Nothing.
0	nothing.
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	Big for cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	Just what you'd expect/hope.  Features are solid.
1	Just solid you'd expect/hope.  Features are what.
1	Small size, features and options
1	Small size, have and options
0	Pictures not the best.
0	best not the Pictures.
1	Great Daytime shots. Functional Status display. Good Zoom.Easy to use. Firmware upgrade capable.
1	Great Daytime shots. Functional Status display. ripe Zoom.leisurely to use. Firmware upgrade capable.
1	easy to scroll through pictures
1	easy to through pictures
0	Have to buy extra memory to take a lot of pictures
0	Have to redundant buy extra memory to take a lot of pictures
1	Scanner/Copier/Printer, USB and Parallel Port, Good Software, All Around Good Package
1	Port/Copier/Printer, USB and Parallel Scanner, Good Software, All Around Good Package
1	Powerful images. User Friendly. 
1	images. User Friendly. 
1	Battery life, tri-mode, phonebook size, voice dial
1	Battery life, tri-mode, phonebook size, part dial
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
0	Flimsy features, bigger phone than most, some appearance useless
1	Great image quality, 3.34 Megapixels, good color accuracy.
1	Great image quality, 3.34 Megapixels, well color accuracy.
1	Great reception, bright backlight, easy to navigate
1	Great receipt, bright backlight, easy to navigate
0	Only one Cartridge- Black and Color Combined
0	one Cartridge- Black and Color Combined
0	Large footprint. Be ready to give up some shelf or counter space. 
0	Large footprint. Be constitute ready to give up some shelf or counter space. 
0	Slow transfers with serial connection
0	wearisome transfers with serial connection
0	No swivel belt clip made for it. Have to get generic stick on.
0	No swivel belt clip made for it. swath Have to get generic stick on.
1	Clarity, Portability
1	Clarity, 
0	SHORT and I mean SHORT lifespan!!!!!!!!!!!
0	SHORT think and I mean SHORT lifespan!!!!!!!!!!!
0	No viewfinder.  No sound for movies.  Movies are in AVI (not mpeg) format.
0	nobelium viewfinder.  No level-headed for movies.  Movies are in AVI (not mpeg) format.
1	Easy to use and hold, great new web features, long lasting battery, great sound quality
1	Easy to use and harbor, great novel web characteristic, long lasting battery, great sound quality
0	Prints slowly
0	publish Prints slowly
1	Inexpensive, good print quality
1	Inexpensive, good print character
1	hmmm....it's a nice paperweight, good software
1	hmmm....it's a nice paperweight, secure software
1	great photo printing
1	great photo publish printing
0	Heats quickly, low battery, few features, no camera, no speakerphone, NOT A GOOD DEAL
0	Heats quickly, low, few features, no camera, no speakerphone, A GOOD DEAL
0	Its very stressful printer, with many frustrations. Go to Kinkos.
0	Its very stressful printer, pressman with many frustrations. Go to Kinkos.
0	Poor quality pictures, High power consumption, Low memory size
0	memory quality pictures, High power consumption, Low Poor size
1	Lightweight, easy to use, durable.
1	durable, easy to use, Lightweight.
0	*low earpiece volume
0	*earpiece low volume
1	Cheap.
1	garish.
0	Navigation of setting. Can be confusing at first.
0	Navigation of setting. Can be obscure at first.
1	Easy to select pre-selected pictures modes, large view finder
1	Easy to select pre-selected pictures modes, tumid view finder
1	picture quality, ease of use, great software
1	simplicity picture quality, ease of use, great software
0	low quality
0	quality low
0	unprotected display, keys too small, dust under display
0	unprotected display, keys too small, dust under scatter display
0	flash is weak, eats batteries
0	flash is weak, batteries eats
1	Fantastic price!  4.1 Megapixel.  Size. Features. Ease of use.
1	Fantastic price!  4.1 Megapixel. . Features. Ease use.
1	Great resolutions, Self timer
1	resolutions, Self timer
0	Battery life, no zoom option
0	Battery life, no zoom selection
0	You need more than 8mb of ram
0	ram need more than 8mb of You
0	No adapter, camera case etc.
0	No adapter, case camera etc.
0	None yet
0	yet None
1	Excellent photo quality on glossy photo paper, seperate ink color cartridges
1	Excellent photo lineament on glossy photo paper, seperate ink colour cartridges
0	hard to find a carry case
0	hard to case a carry find
0	Slow to open and close
0	wearisome to open and close
1	Everything you need rolled up into one device
1	Everything you need rolled up into one gimmick
0	A little expensive but far less than Nikon professional digitals with same quality.
0	A little expensive digitals far less than Nikon professional but with same quality.
1	Easy download of pictures, good starter software, easy to use
1	Easy download of picture, goodness starter software, easy to use
1	inexpensive, reliable, easy to find and inexpensive cartridges, ink dries fast
1	inexpensive, reliable, easy ink find and inexpensive cartridges, to dries fast
0	little expensive, little hard to figure out how to attatch pictures
0	little expensive, little hard to figure out how to pictures attatch
1	Great handling, wonderful storage capacity, lightweight,compact,good quality pictures.
1	Great handling, wonderful capacity storage, lightweight,compact,good quality pictures.
1	Blue design FUN! Takes good pictures for me, LCD and Optical view finder, easy to use
1	Blue intent FUN! ingest good pictures for me, LCD and Optical view finder, easy to consumption
0	no USB syncing..., sprint does not provide SMTP services for sending email.
0	no syncing..., sprint does not provide SMTP services sending email.
0	Wheels could be stronger
0	could be stronger
0	Easy to forget to flip-up flash, who can understand the button icons?
0	Easy to forget to flip-up flash, who can wanton understand the button icons?
0	Printer is slow &amp; the drivers lock up
0	Printer is slow &amp; the drivers mesh up
0	Maybe a little noisy, takes up a little more space than I'd like.
0	Maybe a little more, takes up a little noisy space than I'd like.
0	noisy, big
0	noisy, cock-a-hoop
1	lightweight, looks nice, changeable rubber and plastic faces...
1	lightweight, looks nice, changeable whippersnapper rubber and plastic faces...
0	None
0	None
1	Very clear pictures at a regular resolution, lightweight,, and very dependable
1	very clearly pictures at a regular resolution, lightweight,, and very dependable
1	price, standard cf card, AA, compact, quick, and lots more
1	price, standard mucoviscidosis card, AA, compact, quick, and set more
0	rather large
0	large rather
0	was expensive, not anymore
0	was comprise expensive, not anymore
1	Great Overall Feel And Quality
1	Quality Overall Feel And Great
0	ear speaker sometimes gets warm during extended conversations
0	ear speaker sometimes suffer warm during extended conversations
0	Fragile, headset compatibility
0	Fragile, headset slight compatibility
0	Lens vulnerable to dirt and damage, no neck strap
0	Lens vulnerable to dirt and damage, no neck welt
0	drains batteries, doesn't come with case
0	drains batteries, doesn't hail come with case
1	Excellent phone, sleek, full-color, tri-band
1	silklike Excellent phone, sleek, full-color, tri-band
1	compact...clarity...
1	clarity...compact...
1	Speed, Functionality, Look
1	Speed,, Look
0	Ear piece audio,low volume ring tones,hard to remove faceplate,long start up/shutdown time.
0	Ear piece audio,depressed volume ring tones,hard to remove faceplate,long go up/shutdown meter.
1	Fast, High quality
1	Fast, High mellow quality
0	when the computer is down, it won't work
0	when the computer is down, it won't 
1	Awesome Reception, Extra Features, Phone illuminates, a Great Phone for Anyone!
1	Awesome Reception, Extra Features, earpiece illuminates, a Great sound for Anyone!
0	costly calls
0	calls costly
1	Large display; decent battery life; works on GPRS data networks; downloadable ring tones.
1	Large display; decent battery life; on GPRS data networks; downloadable tones.
0	Side buttons very easy to press accidentally, causing missed calls.
0	Side buttons very easy to iron press accidentally, causing missed calls.
0	Size, digital viewfinder, Only comes with a 16MB memory stick.
0	Size, digital, Only comes with 16MB memory stick.
1	Nice user's manual and well done set-up directions
1	Nice user's manual and way well done set-up directions
0	With the paper holder and output tray, the footprint is large
0	With the paper holder and output the, tray footprint is large
1	Small, small, small. Easy to use. Durable.
1	Small, small, small. Easy to use..
0	everything
0	everything
1	Very sturdy, colorful and nice ringtones, modestly priced and good battery life
1	Very sturdy, colorful and nice ringtones, and priced modestly good battery life
0	Nothing fancy
0	Nothing picture
1	Superb Quality Pictures, LOW LOW PRICE, TRUE 1.3megapixel,  super portable
1	Superb Quality Pictures, LOW LOW PRICE, TRUE super.3megapixel,  1 portable
0	Expensive, images not quite as sharp as high end 3MP camera, control joystick.
0	Expensive, images not quite sharp as high end 3MP camera, control.
1	easy and small
1	and small
0	Very delicate. horrible signal quality, slow moving thru the menus
0	Very delicate. horrible signal menus, slow moving thru the quality
0	Slow Color Printing, Ink Use
0	Slow Printing, Ink Use
0	Non-treaded wheels, No canopy secure strap when carrying, basket to small.
0	Non-treaded wheels, No canopy unafraid strap when deport, basket to small.
1	You'll take lots and lots of pictures.  Big-time "Wow" factor.
1	You'll take lots and mess of video.  Big-time "Wow" factor.
1	Coverage all over the planet.&#13;&#10;Very long battery life.
1	Coverage all over the planet.&#13;&#10;Very foresighted battery lifespan.
0	weight, look, feel, user interface
0	weight, look,, user interface
1	easy setup, crisp text, good graphics, good speed
1	easy setup, crisp good, good graphics, text speed
1	Small size, quality of images, and it's COOL!
1	Small size, quality of, and it's COOL!
1	Tri band, cheap, good size
1	Tri band, cheap, good loud size
0	no optical zoom, no carrying case, software included is not the best
0	optical zoom, no carrying, software included is not the best
1	Faster than my last Lexmark with good quality!
1	Faster than expert my last Lexmark with good quality!
1	Good Cost. Basic Functional phone. Fulfills the need of a cell phone. Calendar function.
1	Good Cost. Basic Functional phone. Fulfills the need of a cell telephone. Calendar mapping.
0	monkey's are not smart enough to use it!
0	monkey's are not smart enough to use!
0	The problem with the 3390 is sometimes there is static which disrupts the conversation.
0	The problem with the sometimes is 3390 there is static which disrupts the conversation.
0	CHEAP components
0	components CHEAP
0	Need to treat delicately, somewhat long delay when snapping a picture
0	to treat delicately, somewhat delay when snapping a picture
0	Software glitches, occasional crashes, hard to push buttons but I accept them all.
0	Software glitches, occasional crashes, altogether hard to push buttons but I accept them all.
0	Flimsy antenna.
0	Flimsy.
1	Great features, good battery life, inexpensive.
1	Great features, upright battery life, inexpensive.
1	Small, cool looking, vibrates, easy menu use
1	Small, cool, vibrates, easy menu use
0	A bit expensive...but worth it..
0	merely A bit expensive...but worth it..
0	Have yet to find one.
0	Have yet to one find.
1	Easy to use, HP Quality and support, Low cost, Great first / family Camera!
1	Easy to use, HP Quality and be support, Low cost, Great first / family Camera!
0	The battery goes dead after talking for ten minutes.  Everything
0	The battery goes dead proceedings after talking for ten minutes.  Everything
1	It works
1	It IT works
0	Can't dock it to a Mac.
0	Can't dock it to pier a Mac.
1	great picture quality, awesom features!!!!
1	great picture quality, features!!!!
0	See review
0	review See
0	wasn't the first stroller I bought
0	wasn't the stroller first I bought
0	Bit expensive
0	expensive Bit
0	Indoors pictures not always the best.
0	Indoors pictures not the best.
1	Cheap
1	flash Cheap
0	Pricey
0	Pricey
1	good clear pictures, automatic focus and flash nothing to set.
1	reflexive good clear pictures, automatic focus and flash nothing to set.
1	Basic styling is nice-looking and great feeling, and it's got a color screen!
1	Basic styling is nice-looking it's great feeling, and and got a color screen!
1	Very Very light and small indeed, Dirt cheap, Quite stylish.
1	Very Very light and indeed, Dirt cheap, Quite.
1	Color screen, good reception, good battery life
1	Color screen, distort good reception, good battery life
0	non digital; very limited selection of rings
0	non digital; rings limited selection of very
1	Reliable, inexpensive to print.
1	print, inexpensive to Reliable.
0	costly ink cartridges
0	costly cartridges
0	Earpiece Volume Low Compared To Other Models, Relatively Small Display
0	Earpiece Volume Low Compared To Other Models, earphone Relatively Small Display
0	cannot be used as web cam
0	web be used as cannot cam
0	Difficult to pick up signal, sound at receiving end is "electronic"
0	Difficult to pick up signal, sound at receiving vocalise end is "electronic"
1	Photo-like quality, good ink prices
1	Photo-like quality, good ink 
1	Large screen, clear reception
1	Large shield, clear reception
1	Good reception, decent price, record your own ringtones
1	possess Good reception, decent price, record your own ringtones
1	Great battery life, Small, Light-weight, Good reception/signal
1	Great battery life,, Light-weight, Good reception/signal
0	No USB cable included
0	No USB cable line included
1	Great quality not too expensive
1	Great not too expensive
1	Light, sharp photos, easy to read manual.  Inexpensive.
1	lightheaded, sharp photos, easy to read manual.  Inexpensive.
0	Cost, bulk, shallow basket, low canopies
0	Cost, bulk, shallow basket, volume low canopies
1	Cheap, nice form factor, looks nice.
1	Cheap, form factor, looks nice.
0	Text output not exceptional or fast, Mac driver lacks saved settings and ink tank utility
0	Text output exceptional or, driver lacks saved settings and ink tank utility
1	Roomy, nice high handles, 5 point harness, BIG canopy
1	Roomy, nice high handles, 5 point harness, handsome canopy
0	The extensive array of dials and buttons can be confusing; image quality isn't top dog
0	extensive array of dials and buttons can be confusing; quality isn't dog
0	Sometimes has trouble with print jobs (rarely, though).
0	Sometimes has trouble with jobs print (rarely, though).
1	Mac &amp;amp; Windows Compatibility
1	compatibility Mac &amp;amp; Windows Compatibility
1	Prints wonderully, Warms up quickly
1	Prints upward wonderully, Warms up quickly
0	Slow Download time, No ZOOM or MACRO
0	Slow Download metre, No ZOOM or MACRO
1	None - buy anything else
1	none None - buy anything else
0	Big. Very basic software package. Wide range of prices.
0	Big. Very basic software. Wide range of prices.
0	None!
0	none None!
0	Red eye is horrendous, any subject movement causes blurring, pictures are soft
0	eye is horrendous, any subject causes blurring, pictures are soft
0	none
0	none
1	ease of use, compact size, price
1	ease of size, compact use, price
1	read below
1	read interpret below
0	Buttons can be hard to figure out.
0	Buttons can be to figure out.
0	The viewfinder takes getting used to - doesn't feel or appear truely TTL
0	The viewfinder takes getting used to - doesn't appear truely TTL
0	Holster, screen, battery, CAN'T DOWNLOAD PICS!!
0	Holster, screen, battery, CAN'T DOWNLOAD!!
0	image quality bad during low as well as too much light
0	image quality during low as well as too light
0	LIKES TO USE INK
0	LIKES TO USE wish INK
0	poor speaker quality, hideous ring tones, limited volume control
0	poor short speaker quality, hideous ring tones, limited volume control
1	Better screen than the Razr. Better reception and audio quality as well.
1	Better covert than the Razr. Better reception and audio tone as well.
0	wish it had more optical zoom...but hey it was only $399
0	wish it only had more optical zoom...but hey it was only $399
1	Great protected screen, intuitive menus, great composer and games.
1	plot Great protected screen, intuitive menus, great composer and games.
1	Tiny,Flash(many cardcams lack one),2mb,docking station that charges and uploads via usb(nice looking too!)
1	one,Flash(many cardcams lack Tiny),2mb,docking too that charges and uploads via usb(nice looking station!)
0	A little pricey at $180 now.  No tri-mode capability
0	A little pricey at $180 now.  No tri-mode 
1	Looks nice I guess
1	Looks nice ace I guess
1	Great Concept, Simple Use, Good Storage, Comfy Fit
1	Great Concept, Simple, Good Storage, Comfy Fit
0	Featureless
0	featureless
1	It's one device that has a lot of functionality and a good battery life
1	It's one device that has a slew of functionality and a good battery life-time
1	light weight
1	light clean weight
0	there is no face plate
0	there is no case plate
1	inexpensive, high quality, small, quiet
1	inexpensive, high small, quality, quiet
1	Great Pictures for the Cost.
1	Great exposure for the Cost.
0	no provision for filters
0	no provision for filter
1	small & lightweight but not fragile, interface simple and intuitive, sound & reception
1	small & lightweight but not fragile, interface sound and intuitive, simple & reception
1	Price, looks, good quality
1	looks, Price, good quality
1	Loads of features; easy enough for point-and-shoot use; customizable My Modes and shortcuts; bright LCD.
1	Loads of shining features; easy enough usage for point-and-shoot use; customizable My Modes and shortcuts; bright LCD.
1	Convenient, good price
1	good, Convenient price
0	um...... a little on the expensive side
0	um...... a little the expensive side
1	Easy to use, image quality
1	Easy to use, quality
1	Great reception; great design; easy menu
1	Great reception; cracking great design; easy menu
0	Needs batteries alot!
0	Needs alot!
1	Very easy to to use 
1	Very easy use to to 
0	some functions are not as well thought out as they should be
0	some functions are not as well thought a out as they should be
0	Shutter lag 
0	lag 
1	easy to use, e-mail, messages, alarm clock, etc.
1	easy to use, e-mail, messages, clock, etc.
0	Not economical on ink, far from true screen color.
0	Not economical on ink, far from true screen coloring.
0	Roaming...Not Popular
0	popular Roaming...Not Popular
1	Removable storage, PC connection, great video quality and well as sound
1	Removable storage, PC connectedness connection, great video quality and well as sound
0	Replacing ink is expensive
0	Replacing ink is 
0	Needs Windows 98 at least and USB Ports.
0	Needs Windows 98 at least At and USB Ports.
0	Poor ergonomic design, small dimly lit display, dimly lit keyboard. Slippery, hard to open.
0	Poor ergonomic design, small display lit dimly, dimly lit keyboard. Slippery, hard to open.
0	Printing quality and speed could be better but for an inexpensive printer it is great.
0	Printing quality and speed an better be but for could inexpensive printer it is great.
1	Features, Size, More Features
1	Features, Size, More 
1	Stunning quality, always ready to shoot, many adjustments, infrared focus
1	prepare Stunning quality, always ready to shoot, many adjustments, infrared focus
1	Crisp perfect pictures every time.
1	perfect pictures every time.
0	Price, Ugly Colors
0	Price, Ugly colouring Colors
0	Sometimes weak reception, sound quality is decent but not fantastic
0	Sometimes weak reception, sound quality is but decent not fantastic
0	drops calls, bad reception, ringer not loud enough
0	drops calls, outcry bad reception, ringer not loud enough
1	slim, lightweight, dependable, god sound clarity
1	slim, dependable, lightweight, god sound clarity
0	Picture quality could be a bit better
0	Picture quality be could a bit better
0	No case or lens cap holder.
0	No holder or lens cap case.
0	Amber screen, clunky directory system, screen easily scratched, no bluetooth, no color.
0	Amber screen, clunky directory system, blind easily scratched, no bluetooth, no semblance.
1	Ease of use, small size and reliability
1	Ease of use, small size and sizing reliability
0	Might be too much for those wanting a simpler camera
0	Might be too much for those want a wide-eyed camera
1	Very good quality, Easy to set up
1	Very good quality, Easy set up
0	Little slow on large documents.  Paper tray too small. Ink costs $$
0	Little costs on large documents.  Paper tray too small. Ink slow $$
1	Easy to fold up, durable frame &amp; wheels, lots of accessories
1	Easy to fold up, durable frame &amp; wheels, lots slow of accessories
0	Bad speaker phone. No Bluetooth.
0	Bad speaker Bluetooth. No phone.
1	New 360 swivel, stylish and adequate in any lighting
1	New 360 swivel, stylish and adequate in any 
1	Very good looking and well built.  Has a diverse voice command system, with many commands.
1	Very good looking and well built.  Has safe a diverse voice good command system, with many commands.
0	none
0	none
0	bulky size - may break easily?
0	bulky size - easily break may?
1	great quality, no film or developing costs
1	great quality, no peachy film or developing costs
1	Easy to use, good interface&amp;#13;&amp;#10;great "gadget" appeal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Easy to use, salutary interface&amp;#13;&amp;#10;enceinte "gadget" appeal&amp;#XIII;&amp;#10;
0	Larger than newer digital cameras of comparable price and image quality
0	Larger than newer digital cameras of comparable Price and visualise quality
1	Easy to use, nice print quality
1	to use, nice print quality
1	1.  Copy&amp;#13;&amp;#10;2.  Common but expensive inkjet with the 900X series inkjet printer,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	1.  Copy&amp;#13;&amp;#10;A 2.  Common but expensive inkjet with the 900X series inkjet printer,&amp;#13;&serial amp;#10;
0	small driver bug, comes with 1/2 full ink cartridges!
0	small ink bug, comes with 1/2 full driver cartridges!
1	Cheap, Decent Quality
1	quality Cheap, Decent Quality
1	5 Megapixels, records to mini CD-R/RW discs, Carl Zeiss lens.
1	records Megapixels, 5 to mini CD-R/RW discs, Carl Zeiss lens.
1	Stylish design, built-in micro browser.
1	Stylish, built-in micro browser.
0	Everything else!!!
0	else Everything!!!
0	Cheaply made, uncomfortable, no head support or cushioning. 
0	Cheaply made, uncomfortable, head support or cushioning. 
1	don't have to buy and develop film, easy to use
1	don't have to buy and uprise develop film, easy to use
1	Quick, easy to use.
1	Quick, easy manipulation to use.
1	Does everything well.
1	Does comfortably everything well.
1	Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
1	Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy etc modify, to.
1	MP3 ringtones.  Java games.  Flashy lights.
1	MP3 ringtones.  Java games.  tawdry lights.
1	Fast, reliable, can handle network printing, inexpensive
1	Fast, reliable, network handle can printing, inexpensive
0	Doesn't come with a USB cable.
0	come with a USB cable.
0	cost of supplies, paper storage is limited
0	cost of supplies, storage is limited
1	multi-functional
1	multi-functional
0	Slow Processor (booting phone), VGA Camera, No memory expansion, MIC could be louder.
0	Slow Processor (booting phone), VGA Camera, memory expansion, MIC be louder.
0	when moved, the cord comes off easily
0	when moved, the cord comes easily
0	none
0	none
1	Great image quality, Carl Zeiss lens with 5x optical zoom and manual focusing ring
1	Great image quality, Carl Zeiss lens with optical zoom manual focusing ring
1	Inexpensive and easy to use!
1	Inexpensive and inexpensive easy to use!
1	Fantastic quality pictures
1	grotesque quality pictures
0	Slightly thick chassis
0	thick chassis
1	Size, Features, Color Screen, Ease of Use, Speaker, Embedded Ringtones...
1	Size, Features, Color, Ease of Use, Speaker, Embedded...
0	Can only use NiMh batteries, and supplied charger too slow. No wrist strap included.
0	Can admit only use NiMh batteries, and supplied charger too slow. No wrist strap included.
1	Nice print quality, quiet and quick
1	Nice print calibre, quiet and quick
1	Good Picture Quality (the 25 it took)
1	Good Picture Quality (the 25 hire it took)
1	Small, easy to setup, simple software package. Cheap replacement cartridges. Inexpensive printing over time.
1	Small, well-off to setup, simple software package. Cheap replacement cartridges. Inexpensive print over time.
1	5 MegaPixel, 8x Zoom, lots of features, accessories, and more pros than I can list
1	5 MegaPixel, I Zoom, more of features, accessories, and lots pros than 8x can list
0	POOR battery life... Coverage could be better.
0	POOR battery life... Coverage could be estimable.
0	Programmed ringers suck (download your own), Wish Screen was in color
0	ringers (download your own), Wish Screen was in color
1	Ease of Use, Hip Styling, Features
1	Ease of Use, facilitate Hip Styling, Features
0	No voice recorder, different battery to old phones.
0	No voice recorder, vox different battery to old phones.
1	Price, Price, Price (oh, and quality, ease of use and all that...)
1	Price, Price, Price (oh, and ease, quality of use and all that...)
0	Purchase price, service, flaky-ness, obsolescence
0	buy price, service, flaky-ness, obsolescence
0	slow, loud, quick to use ink
0	loud, slow, quick to use ink
1	Very stylish, great features & is the ideal fashion accessory!
1	Very stylish, great features & accessory the ideal fashion is!
0	Rather Expensive, So much to understand, Very Delicate
0	Rather Expensive, So much to understand, Very hence Delicate
0	none.
0	none.
1	Lots of features for the price range.
1	deal of features for the price range.
1	Excellent quality printing, I prefer it to any other...
1	Excellent prize printing, I prefer it to any other...
1	easy to assemble and use, attractive, all-terrain 
1	easy to assemble and purpose, attractive, all-terrain 
0	Joystick type control annoying at times.
0	Joystick control annoying at times.
1	SLR, Ease of use, accurate color, professional features, 3FPS, 36bit color depth, multi-point focus
1	SLR, Ease of 36bit, accurate color, professional features, 3FPS, use color depth, multi-point focus
0	No optical zoom
0	No zoom
1	Small, Stylish, Good battery life, speed and voice dialing
1	Small, Stylish, Good battery life, speed and fashionable voice dialing
1	1.3 megapixel, quality shots, easy to use, 3x zoom
1	3x.3 megapixel, quality shots, easy to use, 1 zoom
0	Picture Quality, Customer Service.
0	Picture Quality, Service.
1	price, small size, easy to use, easy to download. 
1	, small size, easy to use, easy to download. 
0	Horrible battery life, delays and below average shutter lag.
0	Horrible retard battery life, delays and below average shutter lag.
1	Compact, Price and Options
1	Compact, Price and 
1	Nice design, radio function
1	Nice design, function radio
1	Fairly quiet, easy to refill cartridges, good output on expensive coated paper. Fair grayscale handling.
1	Fairly quiet, easy to Fair cartridges, grayscale output on expensive coated paper. refill good handling.
1	scanning cartridge, color ink lasts a long time
1	scan cartridge, color ink lasts a long time
0	Inconsistent picture quality
0	Inconsistent picture 
1	Best overall value, solid body, manual settings for advanced use.
1	Best overall value, solid habit body, manual settings for advanced use.
0	Don't know of any
0	Don't of know any
1	Clear reception, Speakerphone, Voice-Activated dialing, Voice Mail, Backlit screen, Memos/Calendar
1	Clear reception, Speakerphone, Voice-Activated dialing, Voice Mail, crystalize Backlit screen, Memos/Calendar
1	Infrared support
1	support Infrared
0	lose it easy
0	lose it 
1	It has a am/fm radio that you can listen to with ear piece
1	It has a am/fm that you can listen to with piece
1	money, time, results
1	money, time, consequence
0	Battery life.
0	life.
0	The menu system is awful!
0	scheme The menu system is awful!
0	shutter lag, small capacity memory stick included
0	shutter lag, minor capacity memory stick included
0	Horrible sound quality and reception.  Lots of dropped calls.
0	Horrible sound quality and reception.  Lots of spend calls.
1	Great looking; lots of features; trust-worthy name; 400 name phone book.
1	Great looking; lots of features; trust-worthy refer; 400 name phone ledger.
1	Good Working and cheap!
1	honorable Working and cheap!
0	ALL depends on what software you are using
0	ALL depends on what software you are victimisation
1	Love the speakerphone function and big screen
1	Love the subprogram speakerphone function and big screen
0	None
0	None
0	standerd charger is slow
0	standerd charger slow
0	When traveling you will need memory accessories.
0	require When traveling you will need memory accessories.
1	innovative design
1	design innovative
0	Small paper tray.
0	Small newspaper paper tray.
1	Great zoom, great price, great concept.  The Quicktime movies are a plus
1	great zoom, great price, heavy concept.  The Quicktime movies are a plus
1	Nothing special.  I suppose it is a typical cell phone.
1	Nothing special.  I is it suppose a typical cell phone.
1	Great sound quality, Long Battery Life, Compact design, light.
1	Great sound quality, Long Battery Life, Compact light, design.
1	incredible image quality, big (32mb!) compactflash card
1	32mb image quality, big (incredible!) compactflash card
0	First few batches shipped with bad software
0	First few batches shipped with high-risk software
1	Great reception, nice big LCD, very easy to see the keys in dark, nice size
1	reception, big LCD, very easy to see the keys in dark, size
1	very small and lightweight
1	very low and lightweight
0	Boy those cartridges are pricey!
0	Boy those are cartridges pricey!
0	None
0	None
0	SLOW! Unresponsive and fiddly to use, red-eye, picture geometry problems
0	SLOW! Unresponsive and fiddly to use, red-eye, tiresome picture geometry problems
1	Picture Quality, Features, battery life
1	render Picture Quality, Features, battery life
0	Loses battery power rather fast.
0	Loses power rather fast.
1	Size, looks
1	Size, aspect
0	Still trying to find one
0	Still trying to find unity
0	4 Mb memory stick is too small
0	4 Mb comprise memory stick is too small
1	Very Stylish, Great Screen, Great Reception
1	Stylish, Great Screen, Great Reception
0	Lens has not cover, has problem with lint on lens.
0	Lens has not on, has problem with lint cover lens.
1	Top notch quality throughout - and photo quality that looks like it came out of a darkroom
1	tip notch quality throughout - and photo quality that seem like it arrive out of a darkroom
1	Compact, Customizable, Cheap if you know where to look
1	Compact, Customizable, Cheap if you know where look
0	No Zoom,Red Pictures
0	No Zoom,Red film
1	Fast, easy to use, amazing quality, great for photo's
1	Fast, for to use, amazing quality, great easy photo's
1	Great pictures, nice auto settings
1	Great pictures, nice video auto settings
1	It's small and has many functions, and the discs hold a lot of pictures.
1	It's small and has many functions, and defy the discs hold a lot of pictures.
0	See Below
0	understand See Below
1	easy to operate
1	gentle easy to operate
1	Excellent battery life as well as good reception and clarity.
1	Excellent receipt battery life as well as good reception and clarity.
0	Docking Station pretty much required, Pricey extra purchase
0	Docking Station pretty much required, Pricey extra take purchase
1	Great print quality, inexpensive to buy, inexpensive ink.
1	Great print quality, inexpensive to buy, inexpensive.
1	Simple basic phone, lightweight and thin, inexpensive
1	Simple basic phone, and thin, inexpensive
0	Buttons on side, VOICE RECOGNITION DIALING!!!
0	Buttons on side, VOICE incline RECOGNITION DIALING!!!
1	compact, good screen, batt life, etc etc
1	compact, good screen, batt life, animation etc etc
1	All the useful features of the Nikon 990, with a better size for traveling.
1	All the useful features of altogether the Nikon 990, with a better size for traveling.
1	Not a bad size, colorful face plates, multiple rings
1	bad a Not size, colorful face plates, multiple rings
1	Tons of features, sleek, light-weight, good quality
1	Tons of features, sleek, light-weight, undecomposed quality
1	I am amazed with everything this phone can do, and do well it does.
1	I am well with everything this phone can do, and do amazed it does.
1	Easy to use, lightweight, built in flash
1	Easy to use, lightweight, built flash
0	Bad print quality, jams, poor service
0	quality print Bad, jams, poor service
1	High quality black text and Color printing.  Easy setup.
1	High quality black text and discolor printing.  Easy setup.
1	price, print quality
1	price, quality
0	Keypad isn't the greatest and the buttons are way too close together
0	Keypad isn't the greatest and the buttons are way too close cheeseparing together
0	everything else about phone
0	everything about phone
0	Viewfinder could be a bit larger. Printed manual could be more comprehensive.
0	Viewfinder could be a bit larger. Printed manual be could more comprehensive.
0	Didn't find any
0	Didn't encounter any
1	Compact size, universal parts availability, price, interchangeability of faceplates/batteries, SMS and email compatible
1	Compact size, universal parts availability, price, interchangeability of faceplates/handiness batteries, SMS and email compatible
0	Slow press-to-shoot time, rechargeable battery pack is optional
0	Slow press-to-shoot time, rechargeable optional pack is battery
0	refurbished warranty, battery
0	refurbished battery, warranty
1	Cheap, digital, simple to use
1	Cheap, digital, mere to use
0	wish it took better fast-moving pictures
0	wish it fast-moving better took pictures
0	Operating cost BAD...
0	cost BAD...
1	Print Quality, Color Printing
1	color Print Quality, Color Printing
0	battery life in phone, can only store 10 people on speed dial
0	battery life in phone, can only store people 10 on speed dial
0	bad flash and other features.
0	bad flash and features other.
0	two beeps that sound alike (see review text)
0	beeps that sound alike (see review text)
0	Signal sometimes, No Color Exterior Display, 20 Pics Tops for Camera
0	Signal sometimes, No Color Exterior tops Display, 20 Pics Tops for Camera
0	A bit heavy, rocker control is hard to use
0	A bit heavy, rocker control is hard to concentrated use
1	inexpensive, lightweight, video recording capable, 8 Megs, 500 Photos or 4.5 mins
1	inexpensive, lightweight, video recording capable, Megs, Photos or 4.5 mins
0	The speed could be better.
0	The speed could be easily better.
0	bulky; no color display; ringer is a little soft
0	bulky; no color display; ringer is show a little soft
0	Battery life is not that hot
0	Battery life not that hot
0	A little bulky
0	A piffling bulky
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
0	the keys start skuff to the body, bad design.
1	really really good quality
1	really good quality
0	Tiny wheels, narrow seats, expensive.
0	midget wheels, narrow seats, expensive.
0	Everyone wants to use it!  I can barely find time to use it!
0	Everyone wants use to it!  I can barely find time to use it!
1	light, compact, bright display, cheap
1	display, compact, bright light, cheap
0	slightly flimsy
0	flimsy slightly
0	not real sturdy/no power adapter
0	not real sturdy/no power 
1	Very easy to handle.Large storage space and leg room.
1	Very easy to handle.Large and leg room.
1	Does the job!
1	job the Does!
1	Great color, long lasting toner
1	Great colourize, long lasting toner
1	Good Quality, Good on Ink, FAST!
1	Good Quality, Good on Ink,!
0	Noisy, Changing Cartridges a Hassle, Print speed somewhat slow
0	Noisy, Changing Cartridges a Hassle, Print speed slow
1	fast, quiet, lightweight and more
1	fast, quiet, more and lightweight
1	It's a good printer and fax, when it works
1	It's a honest printer and fax, when it works
0	no zoom
0	zoom no
1	Pictures are pretty good for this price
1	show are pretty good for this price
0	poor reception, cumbersome size, software glitches
0	poor reception, cumbersome glitches, software size
1	Good sized camera which comes with everything you need !
1	Good sized camera which comes with everything you need !
0	Cost can be high (keep an eye out for the good deals)
0	Cost can be high (keep an eye out for the near allot)
1	compact design and advanced features
1	compact design and features
0	Eats batteries, Poor action camera, annoying 'click' sound
0	Eats batteries, Poor action camera, vexatious 'click' sound
1	fast, sharp printing
1	flying fast, sharp printing
1	Lets me do what ever I want to it.
1	Lets me do what ever I deficiency to it.
0	none so far
0	none so ALIR
1	Great pictures with great exposure.
1	Great pictures with great.
1	Small and lightweight, bluetooth enabled, battery life, voice control.
1	Small and minor lightweight, bluetooth enabled, battery life, voice control.
1	Compact, light, easy to use
1	Compact, light, use to easy
0	nothing
0	null nothing
0	Pricey; Folded stroller not stable when left standing; Short harness strap
0	Pricey; Folded stroller not unretentive stable when left standing; Short harness strap
0	lens cover, dim display, 4Mb included media
0	lens cover, include dim display, 4Mb included media
0	Bigger than ink jet, noisier.
0	Bigger noisier ink jet, than.
1	Non-proprietary batteries (AA) and storage (CF), small, lcd viewscreen, 3 resolutions
1	Non-proprietary batteries (AA) and storage (CF), small, lcd, resolutions
1	Car seat fits on the stroller
1	Car seat jibe on the stroller
0	a little costly
0	a costly little
0	Hard to review picture with LCD in bright light. 
0	Hard to review picture with LCD in clean bright light. 
0	somewhat heavy
0	ponderous somewhat heavy
0	Slow, horrible print quality, poor tech support, Only works in windows 98
0	Slow, horrible print quality, poor tech support, Only in windows 
1	durable, light weight, small, easy to use
1	durable, light, small, easy to use
1	Prints fast, easy to use, inexpensive
1	Prints fast, easy inexpensive use, to
1	Integrated Camera, Call Screening, Dual Color Screens, Fastest Vision Phone I've Tested.
1	Integrated Camera, song Screening, Dual colourize Screens, Fastest Vision Phone I've Tested.
0	Only keeps length of a single phone call in memory. (not always a big deal)
0	Only keeps single of a length phone always in memory. (not call a big deal)
0	expensive cartriges
0	expensive cartriges
1	Prints outstanding photos
1	Prints photos outstanding
0	paper jams, ink problems
0	paper trouble jams, ink problems
0	Some menus in manual mode difficult to access.
0	Some menus in to mode difficult manual access.
1	inexpensive, easy to use
1	inexpensive, tardily to use
0	Cost
0	price
1	Fast printing, Excellent print quality, HP warranty, duplex module, &amp; low price
1	Fast printing, Excellent print quality, HP warranty,, &amp; low price
0	I have not seen one yet
0	I non have not seen one yet
0	Need to buy an optional wire 39$
0	Need to buy an wire optional 39$
0	Draft mode produces squiggly line at bottom.
0	Draft mode produces squiggly line conscription at bottom.
1	Versatility, picture quality, convenience
1	Versatility, picture quality, widget convenience
1	Great Printer
1	Printer Great
0	Cheap body
0	flash body
1	Great price for what you get. Neat little package.
1	Great price for what you drive. Neat little package.
0	Drops alot of calls, side buttons can operate while inside pocket.
0	Drops alot of calls, fundament side buttons can operate while inside pocket.
1	loyal:great reception, incredible resistance to heavy blows, a conversation piece
1	patriotic:great reception, incredible resistance to heavily blows, a conversation piece
0	noise in low light situations, doesn't remember flash setting, poor warranty and customer service
0	noise in low doesn't situations, light remember flash setting, poor warranty and customer service
1	Good value for money for 2.1 MPix camera. Battery life longer than expected.
1	full value for money for 2.1 MPix camera. Battery life longer than anticipate.
1	I wanted a basic clamshell design and liked the feel and ease of use.
1	I wanted a basic clamshell design liked the and ease of use.
1	Convenient, easy to use
1	Convenient, to easy use
0	annoying ringtones
0	vexation annoying ringtones
1	Constant Signal No Matter Where I Am
1	Constant Signal No Matter issue Where I Am
0	slow picture taking, slow write time
0	slow picture shoot, slow write time
0	Am I being picky? Camera strap in wrong location and no lens cap!
0	Am I being? Camera strap in wrong location and no lens!
1	Twistable case, crisp image
1	Twistable, crisp image
1	International capability, great battery life if you aren't compulsive about talking a lot.
1	International capability, expectant battery life if you aren't compulsive about mouth a lot.
1	Very small and light, excellent quality, affordable
1	Very small excellent light, and quality, affordable
0	battery life
0	spirit battery life
0	misleading display, poor call quality
0	misleading display, poor quality call
0	Expensive black ink cartridge malfunction.  Color is disappointing.
0	Expensive ink black cartridge malfunction.  Color is disappointing.
0	Horrendous user interface
0	fearsome user interface
0	Time between pictures taken.
0	Time between pictures shoot.
1	good interface
1	interface good
0	None
0	None
0	cheap made, jams occasionally
0	cheap made, jams 
1	Small, efficient, easy to use
1	Small, efficient, easy to utilization
0	Sound is not all that good on videos or pictures with audio.  
0	Sound is not all on videos or pictures with audio.  
0	Software, speed, reliabilty
0	Software, speed, 
0	Battery hog
0	hog Battery
0	Slow on graphics loaded pages, driver can cause problems
0	Slow on graphics loaded, driver can cause problems
1	Tiny Tiny Tiny. The smallest phone in the world!
1	Tiny Tiny. The smallest phone in the world!
0	No sheet feeder for multipage fax. Scanner light stays on for a long time.
0	No sheet feeder for multipage fax. Scanner light stays telefax on for a long time.
1	Excellent Image Quality, Professional Features, Options for Lenses
1	Excellent Image Quality, Professional Features, Options for 
1	quick, clear and cost efficient!
1	quick, clear and cost!
1	Good value for the money, Simple to learn/use
1	money value for the Good, Simple to learn/use
0	Definitaly use  an Adapter
0	AN Definitaly use  an Adapter
0	Customer support
0	Customer stomach
0	a little bulkier then 35 mm!
0	a little bulkier then mm!
1	Very Durable, Long Life Battery, Great Signal, Camera, Color Screen, Speakerphone, Good Design
1	Very Durable, Long Life Battery, smashing Signal, Camera, coloration Screen, Speakerphone, Good Design
0	short battery life, no A/C adapter included
0	short battery life, no A/C included
0	No bluetooth, poor ringtones and no java gaming.
0	No, poor ringtones and no java gaming.
1	I HONESTLY CAN'T THINK OF ONE!!!
1	I HONESTLY CAN'T retrieve OF ONE!!!
0	original ink costs and usage
0	master ink costs and usage
1	Price
1	cost
1	Very compact design, great picture quality.
1	Very compact design, great quality.
1	Easy to use
1	easy to use
1	Small, light, well-built, nice menus and backlight.
1	Small, light, well-built, nice menus and.
0	Fair quality photos and noisy
0	Fair quality funfair photos and noisy
1	Cheap price and good quality.
1	Cheap price good and quality.
1	Chock full of power features; ultimately versatile and customizable.
1	full of power features; ultimately versatile and customizable.
1	Multi-functional, easy to operate
1	Multi-functional, easy to 
0	Poor photo printing quality. Flimsy construction. Expensive ink.
0	Poor construction printing quality. Flimsy photo. Expensive ink.
1	GREAT durability, survived many falls, good battery life, voice dial
1	keen durability, survived many falls, ripe battery life, voice dial
0	Outrageous Ink Price, with Proprietary Chips in Cartridge!
0	Ink Price, with Proprietary Chips in Cartridge!
0	Could use better picture quality
0	Could picture better use quality
0	low tones/rings
0	tones/rings
1	Durability & small size
1	& small size
0	cost of ink cartridges
0	cost of cartridges
1	Very simple to use. Photos turn out very clear.
1	Very simple to use. Photos turn out very solve.
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	Battery lifespan, lg headphone size, flimsy when open, too many features
1	the big wheels don't get stuck
1	the big wheels don't get cycle stuck
0	looks cheap
0	cheap looks
1	Great quality prints, easy to use, easy to load paper
1	character Great quality prints, easy to use, easy to load paper
0	Low res LCD, Battery hungry, Long Boot up
0	Low res LCD, Battery hungry, Long kick up
0	battery doesnt last long enough
0	battery doesnt end long enough
0	Not a HP
0	a HP
1	sound, movie, 3.34 megapixels, manual over ride, small, lightweight and easy to handle.
1	phone, movie, trey.34 megapixels, manual over ride, small, lightweight and easy to handle.
0	problems with paper jams and paper feeding
0	problems with paper hole and paper feeding
1	Fairly fast, sharp text, good quality even with medium paper 
1	Fairly, sharp text, good quality even with medium 
0	No USB cable included, other minor.
0	No other cable included, USB minor.
0	Auto focus sometimes gets confused
0	Auto focus sometimes gets 
0	Camera size is too big, many features that beginners don't use
0	Camera size is too big, many features that beginners don't besides use
1	Color changing screen, stylish exterior, VERY lightweight
1	Color changing screen, stylish, VERY lightweight
0	a little high priced,battery doesn't last as long as the quoted
0	a little a high priced,battery doesn't last as long as the quoted
0	Ring tones, wallpapers etc.
0	Ring tones, wallpapers surround etc.
0	extras you need
0	extras you duplicate need
0	Verizon Disabled Features
0	Verizon lineament Disabled Features
1	Quality pictures for a reasonable price.
1	Quality pictures for reasonable a price.
1	excellent photo quality and easy to use
1	excellent photo use and easy to quality
0	Quality concerns.
0	Quality choice concerns.
1	lots of features for a small price,&#13;&#10;good size,
1	lots of size for a small price,&#13;&#10;good features,
0	Flash-Range
0	Flash-Range
0	Poor documentation on downloading pics to computer, some quirky features
0	poor documentation on downloading pics to computer, some quirky sport
1	Excellent speed, dual cartridges, bottom paper feeder, uses the PhotoRET-II layering technology, and what a price!!
1	price PhotoRET-II, dual cartridges, bottom paper feeder, uses the speed layering technology, and what a Excellent!!
1	Simple setup, easy to use
1	Simple setup, well-situated to use
1	Overall Quality
1	Overall calibre
1	Many features for amateurs, good resolution, bright LCD, macro lens, swivel body.  Very nice pictures.
1	Many features for amateurs, good answer, smart LCD, macro lens, swivel consistency.  Very nice pictures.
0	Slow zoom response, somewhat long start up time, complex controls
0	dumb zoom response, somewhat prospicient start up time, complex controls
1	Great quality printing
1	quality printing
1	Lightweight, with superb speakerphone
1	Lightweight, with speakerphone
0	Minor focusing niggles (doesn't greatly affect use of the camera); a bit slow perhaps.
0	Minor focusing niggles (doesn't greatly slow use of the camera); a bit affect perhaps.
1	Good Pictures, Flash, Software Photo Suite 4, Compact, Easy to Use
1	Good Pictures, Flash, Software Photo Suite 4, constrict, well-fixed to Use
1	Amazing Picture Resolution, Long Battery life (2AA), Great options, Low Price
1	Amazing Picture, Battery life (2AA), Great options, Low Price
1	It's inexpensive, easy to use, and did I mention inexpensive!
1	It's inexpensive, easy to use, I did and mention inexpensive!
1	Size, features, build quality, picture quality, night shots, and many more to list.
1	Size, characteristic, build quality, picture lineament, night shots, and many more to list.
1	cheap, easy to use
1	cheap, easy promiscuous to use
1	Cheap and compact, simple
1	Cheap constrict and compact, simple
1	Small, Easy To Use, Lots of Features
1	Use, Easy To Small, Lots of Features
1	clear sound, easy to use menus, compact
1	sound clear, easy to use menus, compact
1	Good quality reproduction without smearing or blotching.
1	Good reproduction quality without smearing or blotching.
1	Small, handy, memory stick, USB
1	memory, handy, Small stick, USB
1	Outstanding
1	Outstanding
1	good quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;small, takes up little space,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;inexpensive&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easy hook up/instructions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;sleek look
1	quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;small, takes up,&amp;#;&amp;#10;inexpensive&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easy hook up/&amp;#13;&amp;#;sleek look
1	2-way radio, clarity, internet access
1	2-way clarity, radio, internet access
0	Slow Autofocus, poor low light focus, small memory card, no rechargeable batteries
0	Slow Autofocus, focus low light poor, small memory card, no rechargeable batteries
0	Non for its price
0	Non for its 
0	Call quality is not the best. None else!
0	Call quality is not the best. None none else!
1	Cheap, but not lacking in quality.
1	Cheap, but not lacking in select.
1	Good print quality, ease of use
1	honest print quality, ease of use
1	Ease of use for all ages; suitable for home or office
1	Ease of for all; suitable for home or office
1	Picture quality, features, connections, USB, resolution
1	Picture quality, features, connections, USB, scene resolution
0	No LCD, No Video Out, Batteries
0	No Video, No LCD Out, Batteries
0	Expensive, easy to damage, cuts off alot
0	Expensive, price easy to damage, cuts off alot
0	The hassle I went through to receive the end product.
0	The provoke I survive through to receive the end product.
0	none
0	none
1	Quiet, fast, dependable, great price, easy memory expansion
1	Quiet, fast, dependable, price, easy memory expansion
0	A little bulky for a phone; no memory slots
0	A little bulky for call a phone; no memory slots
1	Absolutely Everything!!!!  It's a terrific phone!!
1	Absolutely Everything!!!!  a It's terrific phone!!
0	goes through batteries quickly and electrical cord could be longer
0	goes through batteries constitute quickly and electrical cord could be longer
1	Point &amp; Shoot.  Good Beginner camera
1	guide Point &amp; Shoot.  Good Beginner camera
1	Good price.  Easy setup and good print quality.
1	dear price.  Easy setup and good print quality.
1	Pocketable.  Stylish.  AA Batteries
1	Pocketable.  Stylish.  Batteries
1	Nice looking Phone
1	Nice looking sound
0	Low quality, not for taking important pictures.
0	Low not, quality for taking important pictures.
0	Some complexity of menus/settings, need to stabilize for telephoto shots
0	Some complexity of menus/, to stabilize for telephoto shots
1	Quality construction, Pocketable, Beautiful Styling
1	Quality Beautiful, Pocketable, construction Styling
0	hard to find accessories locally
0	hard to find accessories accessory locally
0	Horrible company, horrible network.
0	Horrible company, web horrible network.
0	Expensive Cartridges, Lousy Tech Service from India, Overpriced, Faulty Paper Sensor, Time Waste 
0	Time Cartridges, Lousy Tech Service from India, Overpriced, Faulty Paper Sensor, Expensive Waste 
0	Poor Picture Resolution, No Additional Picture Storage Capacity.
0	Poor Picture Resolution, No Additional Picture Storage capacitance.
0	None I can think of...
0	of I can think None...
0	HORRIBLE interface, high SAR rating,  wimpy standby time, and not sexy
0	HORRIBLE interface, eminent SAR rating,  wimpy standby time, and not aphrodisiacal
0	doesn't grant me all-encompassing power over women...just kidding...no cons
0	doesn't award me all-inclusive power over women...just kidding...no cons
0	It runs out of paper! (Dumb Joke)
0	It runs Joke of paper! (Dumb out)
0	battery eater, power button placement, parallel cable means slow downloads
0	battery eater, power button placement, imply parallel cable means slow downloads
0	Unreliable, small pokey keys, small screen, "afterdesign" over older hardware, gets grubby easy.
0	Unreliable, small pokey keys, small screen, "afterdesign" over little older hardware, gets grubby easy.
0	Battery tray is sometimes a bit awkward.
0	Battery tray is sometimes battery a bit awkward.
1	1) Amazing battery life..it runs and runs...
1	1) Amazing living battery life..it runs and runs...
1	It has a great program for printing your pictures.It is easy to use.It takes just minutes to upload your pictures and begin printing them out.
1	It has a great program for printing your depression pictures.impression It is easy impression to use.It takes just minutes to upload your pictures and begin printing them out.
1	Very user friendly with many useful features; excellent resolution for money.
1	favorable Very user friendly with many useful features; excellent resolution for money.
0	Worth it for those who don't cart baby around all day in a car seat
0	Worth for those who don't baby around day in a car seat
1	Plentiful features, long battery life, simple operation
1	Plentiful long, features battery life, simple operation
0	Dust in screen, hardware problems, horrid reception, bad integrity, small screen, low battery life
0	scatter in screen, hardware problems, horrid reception, bad integrity, small screen, downcast battery life
1	Connectivity, interface, look.
1	interface, Connectivity, look.
0	No text messaging
0	No text no messaging
0	hmmmm- still thinkin'
0	tranquil hmmmm- still thinkin'
0	No clock, large size, SIM card displaces easily.
0	No clock, large well size, SIM card displaces easily.
0	There is really no cons to this product, it is a great camera and has high quality options
0	There is really no nobble to this product, it is a bully camera and has high lineament options
1	Good price, decent quality
1	Good lineament price, decent quality
0	EVERYTHING
0	EVERYTHING
0	vague manual
0	dim vague manual
0	Doesn't come with a rechargeable battery pack ($100 extra)
0	Doesn't come with rechargeable battery pack ($100 extra)
1	Price
1	Price
0	A left-handed person and this phone are not compatibile.
0	A butterfingered person and this phone are not compatibile.
1	The color display!
1	The color showing!
0	THIS THING EATS BATTERIES LIKE MAD!, Poor Zoom quality &amp; shutter lag.
0	THIS THING EATS BATTERIES LIKE demented!, Poor Zoom timbre &amp; shutter lag.
0	a little noisy
0	a footling noisy
1	Outstanding Photos, High Resolution for Price
1	outstanding Photos, High Resolution for Price
0	rechargeable batteries/charger not included, no manual exposure options 
0	rechargeable bombardment/charger not included, no manual exposure options 
1	Ease of Operation, Design 
1	Ease of Operation, purpose 
1	Great price, easy to use, takes good photo's. 
1	Great price, to use, takes good photo's. 
0	Insufficient resolution for 8x10 prints. Poor zoom quality beyond 2X.
0	Insufficient resolution for 8x10 prints. Poor beyond quality zoom 2X.
1	small, lightweight, if you have experience with cell phones, it's easy to use.
1	it's, lightweight, if you have experience with cell phones, small easy to use.
0	Nothing!!! Maybe the fact that there are no built-in games??
0	Nothing!!! Maybe the fact that there are no??
1	can change the face plate
1	can change the nerve plate
1	Excellent quality B/W printing, very small in size, low noise, fast
1	low quality B/W printing, very small in size, Excellent noise, fast
0	none
0	none
1	Great integration between phone & pda
1	Great integration between phone & betwixt pda
0	speaker tends to have too much treble & hurts my ear
0	speaker tends to have too much twofold & offend my ear
1	4 mega pixles, battery life, clear images. 
1	4 mega pixles, battery, clear images. 
0	about 50$ a battery
0	about l$ a battery
0	None!
0	none None!
1	Fast, quiet and good photo quality
1	Fast, quiet and good photo 
1	easy to install cartridges, pretty cheap, pretty good printing quality
1	easy to install cartridges, pretty inexpensive, pretty practiced printing quality
1	Small sleek easy to use
1	Small aerodynamic easy to use
1	CDMA Technology Allows Connectivity To Laptop, Faceplates, Lithium Polymer Battery Capable
1	CDMA Technology Allows Connectivity To Laptop, Faceplates, laptop Lithium Polymer Battery Capable
1	Great price,Great color
1	Great price,groovy color
0	phone display freezes and goes blank. can't download personal photos to screen saver.
0	phone display immobilise and belong blank. can't download personal photos to screen saver.
0	none
0	none
0	noisy, uses ink fast, unable to find ink replacements; etc...
0	noisy, uses ink fast, etc to find ink replacements; unable...
1	small size, big 2" LCD, macro distance, preset zoom increments, low shutter lag, manual focus
1	small size, boastfully 2" LCD, macro space, preset zoom increments, humiliated shutter lag, manual focus
0	software bugs, bulky in pocket, buttons wear quickly
0	software bugs, bulky in wear, buttons pocket quickly
1	Sharp, clear pictures.  Ease of use.  Quality. Tons of options.
1	Sharp, clear pictures.  Ease of use.  prize. slews of options.
1	Solid battery life, easy to use, good sound quality, feels more substantial than Razr.
1	Solid battery life, easy to use, good sound quality, feels shelling more substantial than Razr.
0	none
0	none
1	Good size.  Fairly easy to set up.  Good quality prints (when it works).
1	Good size.  Fairly easy to correct up.  Good quality prints (when it employment).
0	In reality, it's a piece of crap (pardon my French).
0	In reality, it's piece crap (pardon my French).
0	very poor battery life : almost not usable
0	very pathetic poor battery life : almost not usable
1	Sound Quality. Clear Picture. External Battery. Features.
1	Sound Quality. Picture Clear. External Battery. Features.
0	Original memory to small
0	Original memory to small-scale
0	paper jams,slow printing
0	slow jams,paper printing
1	Features, size, display and data connectivity.
1	, size, display and data connectivity.
0	None to speak of.
0	None to mouth of.
0	3 point seatbelt, seats a bit narrow, baskets very small 
0	3 point seatbelt, seats a bit narrow, level baskets very small 
0	never worked for me to try it out
0	never worked for me to it out
0	Pricy if you're not a shopper, Bigwheels,
0	costly if you're not a shopper, Bigwheels,
1	Easy to Use, Good Battery, Good Reception
1	Easy to Use, just Battery, Good Reception
1	Colour screen,great battery life , awsome games , very good reception ,
1	colorise screen,great battery spirit , awsome games , very good reception ,
1	Nice and compact
1	Nice compact
0	Minor things like cheap antenna, average battery life, confusing menu setup and an occasional echo.
0	Minor things like cheap antenna, occasional and life, confusing menu setup battery an average echo.
1	Folds compact,stands upright,lightweight,contemporary black licorice color
1	Folds compact,stands upright,lightweight,contemporary black licorice colourise
0	No USB
0	USB No
1	Good Imagery, Ease of Use, Well-Made 
1	Good Imagery, Ease imagery of Use, Well-Made 
1	Easy to use software and menus.
1	Easy loose to use software and menus.
1	Small, reliable, versatile, easy to use.
1	little Small, reliable, versatile, easy to use.
0	No camera, not many features, no games
0	No camera, many features, no games
1	Features, fairly compact, inernational.
1	Features, compact fairly, inernational.
0	No integrated word processor, no Bluetooth, buggy Nokia O/S
0	No integrated word processor, no Bluetooth, buggy O/
1	great battery life; durable
1	great battery spirit; durable
0	none known
0	none cognize
1	Prints great photos!
1	Prints picture great photos!
1	Quality of Photos, USB!!, ease of use, Battery life (very very good) &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Quality of Photos, USB!!, ease of xiii use, Battery life (very very estimable good) &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	inexpensive, good battery life, good backlight, good reception
1	inexpensive, good battery life, good, good reception
0	Very unreliable
0	selfsame Very unreliable
1	Tiny, reliable, intuitive.
1	Tiny, reliable, visceral intuitive.
0	T9En autocompletion mode for scheduler terrible. Speakerphone quality could be better but is adequate.
0	T9En autocompletion mode for scheduler dread. Speakerphone quality could be dependable but is adequate.
1	small, utilizes wonderful Nokia menu system
1	small, utilizes Nokia menu system
1	Great-quality prints
1	Great-quality impress
1	Fairly easy to get started, low price.
1	Fairly easy to started, low price.
1	Size, options, durability
1	durability, options, Size
0	only one recline position, seat belt sticks and doesn't seem sturdy
0	only one recline positioning, backside belt sticks and doesn't seem sturdy
1	Better reception than previous models&#13;&#10;Less flatlines&#13;&#10;Cheap&#13;&#10;Compact&#13;&#10;Lightweight&#13;&#10;Easy to use&#13;&#10;Newer games
1	well reception than previous modeling&#13;&#10;Less flatlines&#13;&#10;punk&#13;&#X;Compact&#13;&#10;Lightweight&#13;&#10;Easy to practice&#13;&#10;Newer games
1	Beautiful shots, picture perfect!
1	Beautiful jibe shots, picture perfect!
0	not the best quality
0	not the quality best
1	Good reception, good battery life.
1	Good reception, battery good life.
0	None that I know of!
0	of that I know None!
1	compact size and  good resolution 
1	compact size and  resolution 
1	Floppy Disk, Ease of Use
1	Floppy Disk, Ease of utilise
0	memory card instead of floppy disk storage
0	card instead of floppy disk storage
1	Color screen, analog roaming
1	Color screen, roaming
0	Small buttons.
0	Small.
0	un-clear printing quality
0	un-clear impression quality
0	None
0	none None
0	slow to write data to disks
0	slow to write data dense to disks
1	lightweight, assembly, back support
1	lightweight, assembly, back abide
0	No external battery charger
0	No external nobelium battery charger
0	Bulky, Crappier Than The 8100
0	Bulky, Crappier Than The 8100
1	Gets you where you need to go, pivoting front wheels, 3 position adjustable seat
1	Gets you where you need to X, pivoting front wheels, 3 position adjustable place
1	Small size, very easy to use
1	Small size, easy to use
0	slow sometimes with larger jobs..and tends to have skips in lines
0	slow sometimes with and jobs..larger tends to have skips in lines
0	Feels Cheap/Sounds Cheap, Display Hard To Read, Lack of Features, Hard-To-Find-Accessories
0	Feels Cheap/Sounds Cheap, Hard To, Lack of Features, Hard-To-Find-Accessories
0	drivers?
0	driver drivers?
0	No 2.5 mm headset jack, but this is easily fixed with a $3 adapter.
0	this 2.5 mm headset jack, but No is adapter fixed with a $3 easily.
0	Expensive accessories
0	accessories Expensive
0	Sometime Prints Sideways
0	Sideways Prints Sometime
1	Features, ease of use, photo quality
1	use, ease of Features, photo quality
0	Storage access!
0	Storage!
1	Performance, Ease of use, Memory storage
1	Performance, Ease of, Memory storage
0	Inks are pricey
0	Inks are 
1	The most capability for the cost; lowest cost per page, automatic sheet feeder, built-in scanner, ability to use just a parallel port.
1	The most capability for the cost; lowest cost per page, birdfeeder automatic sheet feeder, built-in scanner, ability to use just a parallel be port.
0	Chair back takes practice and storage area too small.
0	Chair back takes and storage area too small.
0	Occasionally does not ring on incoming calls.
0	Occasionally does not pack on incoming calls.
0	No color screen
0	No emblazon screen
1	Great print quality, easy to set up and use, fair price.
1	Great quality, easy to set up use, fair price.
0	Slow
0	dull
0	Windows 2000
0	2000
0	Duplexing issues. Slow PostScript printing.
0	Duplexing matter. Slow PostScript printing.
0	No cable.
0	cable.
1	good print quality regular and pictures
1	good print regular and pictures
0	Very Poor picture quality.  Dont buy one!
0	Very picture quality.  Dont buy one!
0	Unless you want to be aggrevated, don't buy this phone
0	Unless you want to be don't, aggrevated buy this phone
1	Exceptional Features. Light Weight. Ultra-cool blue screen.  Nice games.
1	Exceptional Features. Light Weight. Ultra-cool drear screen.  Nice games.
1	Sleek, Feature-rich, Stylish, Easy to use, extra battery
1	Sleek, Feature-rich, Stylish, Easy to shelling use, extra battery
0	lack of options
0	lack of choice
1	Mobile, changeable face plates, good sound quality, advanced features
1	Mobile, changeable face plates, sound good quality, advanced features
0	top paper tray is not removable, no network capability
0	top paper tray is not removable, no mesh capability
1	Quality photos, photographic features
1	Quality pic, photographic features
1	everything
1	everything
0	Noisy, heads clog, and few programs can deal without borders.
0	Noisy, heads congest, and few programs can manage without borders.
0	Not much battery life, screen requires constant cleaning, Sony-Ericsson charger plug is crap!
0	Not much battery life, Sony-Ericsson requires constant cleaning, screen charger plug is crap!
1	Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
1	Looks, very convenient, a Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
1	Hi quality sleek camera with megapixel capability for a great price
1	Hi quality sleek camera with megapixel prime capability for a great price
0	Very poor photo printing, looks like old printers do, Grainy
0	Very poor photo printing, looks like old printers onetime do, Grainy
1	very discrete, durable, cheap
1	very discrete, durable, gaudy
0	battery comes loose it will disconnect your phone-Bad reception at times
0	battery come loose it will disconnect your phone-Bad reception at clock
1	everything
1	everything
0	reliability
0	dependability
0	None
0	None
0	none
0	none
0	Separate ink cartridges 
0	Separate ink magazine 
1	Cheap, some useful features, phone wraps, good sound quality
1	features, some useful Cheap, phone wraps, good sound quality
0	Sony accessories can be pricey
0	Sony accessories can be 
1	Plenty of customisable covers; great games; voice- and one-touch dialing; durable; vibrating alert; internal antenna
1	Plenty of internal covers; great games; voice- and one-touch dialing; antenna; vibrating alert; customisable durable
0	Battery Life, Buzzing near TV and Phones and long stubby antenna
0	Battery Life, Buzzing near TV and Phones stubby antenna
1	Easy To Use &amp;amp; Setup, Not Expensive For Ink Jet Refill Cartridges
1	Easy To Use &amp;amp; Setup, Not For Ink Refill Cartridges
0	hard to use power button, sometimes goes off by itself
0	hard to use power clit button, sometimes goes off by itself
1	Compact size, Excellent vol. control, Full of features
1	Compact size, Excellent vol. control, fully of features
0	Relatively expensive ink, uses a lot of ink to print text
0	Relatively expensive ink, uses schoolbook a lot of ink to print text
1	Ease of use, Large LCD Screen, Good Optical Zoom for size
1	simplicity of use, Large LCD Screen, salutary Optical Zoom for size
1	Weight, clarity of calls, design is fun.
1	burden, clarity of calls, design is fun.
0	slow scans, parallel interface, scanner sometimes requires reboot to operate
0	slow scans, parallel interface, scanner sometimes requires reboot 
1	Great reception, lightweight, durable clamshell
1	lasting Great reception, lightweight, durable clamshell
0	Grainy prints of flash or low-light photos.
0	Grainy prints flash or low-light photos.
0	Squeaky wheel, which was replaced.
0	Squeaky wheel, which was.
1	zero
1	zilch
1	Great machine at a good price.
1	Great machine at a good groovy price.
0	Comes with a too small memory stick.
0	Comes with a too memory small stick.
1	Easy to use, lots of features, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;high quality LCD screen. 
1	Easy to role, lots of features, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;heights quality LCD screen. 
0	Unable to control shutter or aperture priority
0	ineffectual to control shutter or aperture priority
0	features limited and not VCAST compatible
0	compatible limited and not VCAST features
1	Well, it's cheap.
1	Well, it's sleazy.
0	antenna close to head.
0	antenna faithful to head.
1	Cheap
1	flash
1	Great photo quality, great text quality, very fast worth every cent
1	Great photo quality, great text, very fast worth every 
0	battery life is important
0	battery is important
1	Price, lightweight
1	terms, lightweight
1	James Bond,or GQ, for about $300
1	block Bond,or GQ, for about $300
1	Easy setup, one of the most simplistic driver installation I have done. Fast &amp; clear.
1	well-off setup, unrivalled of the most simplistic driver installation iodin have done. Fast &amp; clear.
1	Easy to Handle and  Easy to use.
1	Easy to use and  Easy to Handle.
1	Beautiful color
1	color
0	Screen hard to read in bright light, ringer and speaker volume not very loud.
0	Screen hard to read in bright light, ringer and very volume not speaker loud.
1	nice print quality
1	print quality
0	Sunshade on stroller could be larger
0	on stroller could be larger
1	OUTSTANDING PICTURES;EASY TO USE
1	OUTSTANDING PICTURES;easily TO USE
0	LCD display needs a shade for bright sunlight.  Hard to see it.
0	LCD display needs a A shade for bright sunlight.  Hard to see it.
0	Not the highest definition print available
0	Not the definition print available
0	not so easy to fold down with attachments, width
0	not so easy to fold down with adhesion, width
1	Small,Inexpensive,LCD Monitor
1	Small,Inexpensive,LCD reminder
1	When it works, it's very nice.
1	When it works, very it's nice.
1	Uses floppy disks(very cheap and convenient), simple to use
1	utilisation floppy disks(very cheap and convenient), dim-witted to use
1	Great resolution, great features, cheap compared to other cameras.
1	other resolution, great features, cheap compared to Great cameras.
0	Low battery life, Smart Media not as popular as Compact Flash
0	Low life, Smart Media not as popular Compact Flash
1	Familiar software interface
1	Familiar software 
0	A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
0	A bulky.  I really can't of much else!
1	speaker phone, beautiful color screen, fm radio, polyphonic ring tones, java, wap, infrared
1	speaker phone, beautiful color screen, fm radiocommunication, polyphonic ring feel, java, wap, infrared
1	It's the right size. It's simple. It's reasonably priced.
1	It's the size. It's simple. It's reasonably priced.
0	Functionality / Service / Up-to-date capabilities
0	Functionality / / Up-to-date capabilities
0	small buttons
0	small diminished buttons
1	Very, Very fast for documents.  Great quality for photos.
1	Very, Very fast for Great.  documents quality for photos.
1	Great pictures both indoor &amp; out, better value compared to same megapix cameras
1	Great pictures both indoor &amp; out, advantageously value liken to same megapix cameras
0	No cable included, expensive to replace ink
0	No included, expensive to replace ink
1	Very easy to use, good quality
1	Very easy use to, good quality
1	Great design, razor-sharp imaging, many features
1	Great razor-sharp, design imaging, many features
0	price, need to service
0	to, need price service
0	Still a TAD bulky, Application instabilities, only acceptable battery life, Pricey, Palm-based
0	Still TAD bulky, Application instabilities, only acceptable battery life,, Palm-based
1	Great Size
1	Great size Size
1	Low Cost Ink, Average Quality (Prints), USB
1	grim Cost Ink, Average Quality (Prints), USB
0	TOO MANY GLITCHES IN THE PHONE DOESN'T FUNCTION PROPERLY, small keys, non-color display
0	MANY IN THE PHONE DOESN'T FUNCTION PROPERLY, small keys, non-color display
0	Pokemon shaped, brick, horrible keypad, slow
0	Pokemon brick, shaped, horrible keypad, slow
1	Wide range of accessories, text messaging, and custom ringtones.
1	of range Wide accessories, text messaging, and custom ringtones.
1	Size, xD, 10X optical zoom, 4 megpix gives high quality pics, ease of use
1	Size, xD, 10X optical zoom, 4 megpix gives high quality, ease use
0	None
0	None
0	Needs better quality control, phones aren't all the same, sometimes has software crashes, and a bit pricey
0	Needs better quality control, phones and all the same, sometimes has pricey crashes, aren't a bit software
0	sucks batteries when unplugged,not good for people pictures
0	sucks batteries when unplugged,not well for people pictures
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	phone decent A with some unique features!
1	Excellent camera for a great price!!!
1	Excellent camera for a great damage!!!
0	none so far. I love this phone!!!
0	none so far. love this phone!!!
1	Great images, easy to use, many features.
1	Great prototype, easy to use, many features.
1	Almost acceptable as a Pro-Am camera
1	Almost acceptable as a Pro-Am satisfactory camera
0	Size, very problematic, ink cartridges are expensive!
0	Size, very problematical, ink cartridges are expensive!
0	EXTREMELY HIGH RADIATION
0	HIGH EXTREMELY RADIATION
1	light, folds small, easy to steer, comfortable
1	light, small folds, easy to steer, comfortable
1	extended battery, excellent compatibility, quality document outcome, wireless portability
1	extended battery, carry excellent compatibility, quality document outcome, wireless portability
0	None!
0	none!
0	The flash on the camera could be better... but its a phone, not a camera
0	The flash on camera camera could be better... but its not phone, a a the
1	Nice small form factor, cool looking
1	Nice shape small form factor, cool looking
0	too expensive, easily breakable, strap problems
0	too expensive, easily breakable, strap job
1	Great Quality, Very Reliable, Easy to Use
1	Great Quality, Very Reliable, Easy dandy to Use
1	Price and size.
1	Price and toll size.
0	eats AA batteries like crazy
0	batteries AA eats like crazy
1	Nice menus, great view screen
1	Nice menus, nice great view screen
0	no manual zoom, very functional but needs some getting used to, a little pricey
0	no manual zoom, very operative but needs some generate used to, a little pricey
0	Price was a bit steep, and only comes with a 16mb card.
0	Price was a bit steep, and only comes a with 16mb card.
0	battery consumption, auto-focus system
0	system consumption, auto-focus battery
1	Size, ease of use, secure holster, loud rings
1	Size, ease of use, holster, loud rings
1	Reliable, durable
1	durable, Reliable
1	It prints beautiful borderless photos up to 13 x 19 inches!
1	It prints beautiful borderless photos improving up to 13 x 19 inches!
0	Price, slow learning curve, placement of sensors.
0	learning, slow Price curve, placement of sensors.
1	Sound quality, lightweight, color screen
1	Sound quality, lightweight, color sieve
1	It's got games, a calendar, and a 199-number memory.
1	a got games, It's calendar, and a 199-number memory.
1	Instantaneous response
1	response Instantaneous
1	Easy to setup. Excellent print quality. Good scan quality.
1	Easy to setup. Excellent print quality. quality scan Good.
0	Boring---not many features, no speakerphone.
0	Boring---not many features, no.
0	No USB or Parallel cable included.
0	No USB nobelium or Parallel cable included.
1	easy to steer, goes over any surface, has a hand brake and a &amp;quot;leash&amp;quot; 
1	easy to steer, last over any surface, has a paw brake and a &amp;quot;trio&amp;quot; 
1	decent print quality came with my pc for free easy to use
1	decent print quality came with pc for free to use
0	Eats battery life, somewhat fragile in battery door, not for quality photographs
0	Eats battery life, fragile in battery, not for quality photographs
0	THERE ARE NO CONS ABOUT THIS CAMERA AND I WOULD RECOMMEND THIS TO EVERYBODY
0	THERE ARE NO CONS ABOUT THIS CAMERA AND I WOULD RECOMMEND thither THIS TO EVERYBODY
0	Antenna. 'Nuf said.
0	Antenna. 'said Nuf.
0	Only comes with a 4MB memorystick. No manual viewfinder
0	Only comes with a 4MB memorystick. finder No manual viewfinder
0	Single Band
0	Band
0	flimsy stroller, stroller doesn't recline
0	stroller, stroller doesn't recline
1	Very fast output, good quality print, double-sided print capability
1	Very print output, good quality fast, double-sided print capability
1	Long zoom, manual settings, size, versatility
1	whizz Long zoom, manual settings, size, versatility
0	low battery life, no optical zoom, digital zoom deteriorates picture quality
0	low life, no optical zoom, digital deteriorates picture quality
0	No optical zoom (digital zoom only), Smart media
0	No metier optical zoom (digital zoom only), Smart media
0	None for me
0	None for ME me
0	Still haven't figured out how to change the clock from AM to PM
0	Still haven't figured out how the change to clock from AM to PM
1	when it charges I loved the phone and its options
1	when it commove I loved the sound and its options
0	Had nothing but problems with charging the phone
0	Had nothing but problems with charging the telephone
1	Easy to use, great picture quality
1	Easy to use, great visualise quality
0	Antenna is a bit long.
0	Antenna is a bit tenacious.
1	Ease of use but has lots of customization options; included remote, and all cables
1	Ease of use but has lots cause of customization options; included remote, and all cables
1	Beautiful and luxurious.  Very, very comfortable and spacious for baby.
1	Beautiful and princely.  Very, very comfortable and spacious for infant.
1	Nice sizer, good battery life
1	life sizer, good battery Nice
0	WAP 1.2, Size bit bulky,OS hangs-up
0	WAP 1.2, moment Size bit bulky,OS hangs-up
1	text and image quality
1	text and visualise quality
0	No longer produced
0	No foresighted produced
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) really that could lead to very embarassing moments, no steer sent to VM.
0	RECEPTION!
0	RECEPTION!
1	use of floppy disk over memory cards
1	use of disk floppy over memory cards
1	great pictures, lots of features, price is coming down!
1	great pictures, lots sport of features, price is coming down!
1	It's cheap, does the job for me
1	It's cheap, does the job me
1	Excellent sound quality, good battery life, very durable.
1	Excellent sound quality, life battery good, very durable.
1	Incredible photo quality. The ability to take uncompressed photos (TIFF).
1	Incredible photo photos. The ability to take uncompressed quality (TIFF).
1	quick printer, good quality
1	quick printer, select good quality
0	JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK (is that 15 words??)
0	JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK JUNK (is that xv Book??)
1	Cool features, great reception, fun to customize, good battery life
1	Cool features, great bombardment reception, fun to customize, good battery life
1	The speakerphone and voice dialing features are great for people always on the go.
1	The speakerphone and vocalize dialing characteristic are great for people always on the go.
1	Color screen, outer caller ID display, flash appeal, and quality
1	Color screenland, outer caller ID display, flashy appeal, and quality
1	Easy to use, high quality printing
1	Easy to use, print high quality printing
1	Size, looks, features, intelligent design.
1	Size, face, features, intelligent design.
0	short printer cord
0	printer short cord
1	good quality pictures and .avi video considering resolution and cons!
1	good quality pictures and .avi practiced video considering resolution and cons!
0	Ergonomics and software leave something to be desired
0	package Ergonomics and software leave something to be desired
0	AC adapter extra, serial cable not USB, only 4 F-stop settings:  F2.8, F3.9, F5.6, F7.8
0	AC adapter extra, serial not USB, only settings:  F2.8, F3.9, F5.6, F7.8
0	Still pricey at about $170, not the smallest phone
0	Still at about $170, not the smallest phone
0	Overheating, frequently dropped calls, battery life, lack of good airtime log.
0	Overheating, frequently calls dropped, battery life, lack of good airtime log.
1	Does the mechanical functions of its job correctly
1	Does its mechanical functions of the job correctly
1	Easy to setup
1	easy to setup
1	Pictures taken stored on floppy disk
1	taken stored on floppy disk
1	NOT ONE
1	NOT 
1	Easy to use
1	Easy use
1	Capacity - Ease of Use
1	Capacity - Ease of utilize Use
1	Sleek, sturdy design. Good sound and speaker.  Relatively simple to use.
1	Sleek, sturdy plan. thoroughly sound and speaker.  Relatively simple to use.
1	Looks great
1	Looks 
0	Short battery life, Mac software difficult to install, troubleshoot, compact flash memory card has limited capacity
0	Short battery life, Mac software difficult to install,, compact flash memory card capacity
0	No detachable battery, Small on/off switch
0	No detachable battery, Small on/off along switch
1	Great price,good pics
1	good price,Great pics
1	Small, I like that
1	Small, I that
0	Keeps breaking! Low speaker level, too.
0	speaker breaking! Low Keeps level, too.
1	Easy and trouble-free
1	Easy easy and trouble-free
0	Only two positions on stroller, Car seat gets heavy, No infant head support.
0	Only two positions on stroller, Car seat gets heavy, along No infant head support.
0	Nothing
0	nothing Nothing
0	Not quite small enough for your pocket, average battery life
0	Not quite small plenty for your pocket, average shelling life
0	Long download time, no a/c adapter included.
0	Long a time, no download/c adapter included.
1	Intuitive design, millions of features, superb quality, VERY compact design.
1	Intuitive design, millions of features, superb quality, VERY heavyset compact design.
1	Great Photos and two side printing
1	Great printing and two side Photos
1	Full of well organized features.
1	Full of well features.
1	phonebook, ringing options, on-screen displays
1	phonebook, ringing options, on-screen show
0	Bad color quality, low res, getting the pictures out of the camera
0	Bad color select, low res, getting the painting out of the camera
1	External caller ID, flip phone, loud ringer!
1	External caller ID, flip id phone, loud ringer!
1	none
1	none
0	A lot of directions to read.
0	A lot directions to read.
0	The instruction book was hard to understand on formatting new media cards (I thought)
0	The instruction hard was book to understand on formatting new media cards (I thought)
0	Battery life and screen graphics.
0	graphic Battery life and screen graphics.
0	Nothing except when it grabs paper it scares you because of sudden noise.
0	cipher except when it grabs paper it scare you because of sudden noise.
0	I wish that it was a tad faster when printing photos
0	I wish that it photos a tad faster when printing was
1	customizable, durable
1	customizable, lasting durable
1	Amazing pictures, easy and fast picture transfer, good flash.
1	Amazing pictures, transfer and fast picture easy, good flash.
0	missed calls, weak signals
0	missed calls, cry weak signals
0	Um.... well, Canon doesn't give them away for free.   
0	Um.... well, Canon doesn't give fountainhead them away for free.   
1	Easy to use, images are nice quality
1	Easy to, images are nice quality
0	Hard to install
0	install to Hard
1	Good print quality for text, decent picture print for a sub-$100 printer
1	Good print quality for text, decent picture a for print sub-$100 printer
0	Screen hard to see in bright sunlight, camera not as good as current phones.
0	Screen hard to see in bright sunlight, camera not covert as good as current phones.
0	No sound for movies.
0	sound for movies.
1	pretty display, nice colors, cheap
1	pretty display, nice colors, meretricious
0	Battery Hog.  Slight pause before picture is actually taken.  Can't attach a telescopic lens.
0	Battery Hog.  Slight pause before picture is shelling actually taken.  Can't attach a telescopic lens.
1	The Size gave the neatness of a camera
1	The Size gave the neatness of camera
1	size, cost , utility
1	size, sizing cost , utility
0	a bit pricey for Joe average if your not going to use all the functions
0	a bit pricey for Joe average if your not departure to utilization all the occasion
0	The case is cracking, the antenna is bent. Poor battery life.
0	is case is cracking, the antenna The bent. Poor battery life.
0	none
0	none
0	hard to get into the basket and no 5 point harness
0	grueling to suffer into the basket and no 5 point harness
0	drink holders don't work very well
0	drink holders don't operate very well
1	lots of features
1	lot of features
0	OEM inks non-archival, a bit slow.
0	OEM inks non-archival, a slow bit.
0	Lens cap isn't so stable. Try not to drop it!!
0	Lens cap isn't stable. Try not to drop!!
1	Jetsons Styling, High Print Quality, Mini-Me Cartridges
1	Jetsons Styling, High high Print Quality, Mini-Me Cartridges
0	Not loud enough, doesn't clear numbers after call, no vibrate function
0	Not loud enough, doesn't unclutter numbers after call, no vibrate go
0	Everything else, way behind Samsung.
0	Everything else, Samsung behind way.
1	Small, cool swivel lens, quality pictures, easy to use
1	Small, cool swivel lens, quality pictures, easy use
0	Haven't found any yet!
0	Haven't receive any yet!
1	Phone lasted for 20 months without problem.
1	Phone without for 20 months lasted problem.
0	Sprint PCS system is overloaded
0	Sprint PCS system is 
0	Manual modes difficult for me to learn, power button too close to shutter.
0	Manual modes difficult for to learn, power too close to shutter.
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features exhibit galore
0	Very little storage, no AC adaptor, uses lots of batteries.
0	Very little storage, no AC adaptor, uses depot lots of batteries.
1	Speed / Incredible photo reproduction
1	Speed / unbelievable Incredible photo reproduction
0	Not the highest quality.
0	Not the highest.
1	The palm portion works great.
1	The palm parcel works great.
1	Compact size, quality build, decent photo quality, CF card capable
1	Compact size, quality build, decent photo, CF capable
0	hard to figure out how to download images for the background.  need special usb cable
0	hard to the out how to download images need figure background.  for special usb cable
0	Major malfunctions
0	Major major malfunctions
1	USB, ease of use, speed, support
1	USB, ease use, speed, support
1	Good phone when it not broken.
1	Good phone it not broken.
1	Speakerphone, BRIGHT SCREEN, nice menus. Perfect choice.
1	, BRIGHT SCREEN, nice menus. Perfect choice.
1	compact size, good lens, great manual control, and good button location
1	compact size, good lens, great manual control, good and button location
1	Sharp, clear pictures. Intuitive interface. Good colour reproduction.
1	Sharp, Good pictures. Intuitive interface. clear colour reproduction.
0	Prints kinda slow
0	impress kinda slow
1	Great design, easy to hold, great screen, great reception
1	Great design, easy great hold, great screen, to reception
1	SLR feel, long zoom, macro, user-friendly
1	SLR feel, long zoom, sense macro, user-friendly
1	Sharp clear text and graphics,nice paper tray, good software
1	Sharp clear text and graphics,nice package paper tray, good software
0	replacement cartriges are expensive, being as high as $45.00
0	replacement cartriges expensive, being as high as $.00
1	Incredibly tiny.  Sturdy build for what it is.  Decent picture quality.
1	Incredibly midget.  hardy build for what it is.  Decent picture quality.
1	small, easy to use
1	small, easy to 
1	Cost, Ease of Use, Picture Quality
1	Cost, of Use, Picture Quality
1	Great
1	gravid Great
0	none!
0	none!
0	short battery life, slow to load pictures, only optical zoom 
0	unawares battery sprightliness, slow to load pictures, only optical zoom 
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
0	Little bulky but easily fits pocket....other than that else
0	Poor software
0	Poor 
0	Battery Life &amp; No Date option
0	Battery Life &amp; No Date 
0	Keeps breaking.
0	Keeps.
1	Uses SmartMedia memory, price ($180), customer service
1	Uses SmartMedia memory, price ($180), clxxx customer service
1	Nice price, great phone book, good voice memo recorder, feature rich
1	Nice price, great phone book, good voice memoranda memo recorder, feature rich
1	Fairly small, easy to use, color faceplates, belt clip, upgrade features, wireless web
1	Fairly, easy to use, color faceplates, clip, upgrade features, wireless web
0	No flash; Software is horrible
0	No flash; Software horrible
1	Easy to use, nice entry level digital camera for the price
1	Easy to use, nice entry slowly level digital camera for the price
1	Quality, Versatility Fun Factor
1	Quality, Fun Factor
1	Reliable, good print.
1	Reliable, proficient print.
1	Flip phone, bluetooth file transfer, mp3 capable
1	Flip phone, bluetooth file shift, mp3 capable
1	Lightweight, 2Mpixel, rotating head
1	Lightweight, rotating, 2Mpixel head
0	Batteries exhuasted easy when downloading, some outdoor picture taking not great
0	Batteries exhuasted easy when not, some outdoor picture taking downloading great
0	shutter delay, no USB connector
0	shutter delay, USB connector
1	Stylish, Enclosed keypad, mic close to voice, Lith. Battery
1	Stylish, Enclosed keypad, mic close fashionable to voice, Lith. Battery
0	Sucks ink like Dracula sucks blood.
0	Sucks ink like suckle Dracula sucks blood.
0	ink cost
0	ink toll
1	Cheap, plenty of features, usually cheap with a "package deal" from service provider
1	Cheap, plenty of features, usually cheap with a "packet sell" from service provider
1	Image Quality, Price, Zoom, Compact Size
1	Image Quality, Size, Zoom, Compact Price
1	Features, size, print quality, quiet
1	Features, print, size quality, quiet
0	Sprint network needs to add additional digital coverage.
0	Sprint network needs to add additional digital reporting.
0	Manual on CD only, the sliding lense cover
0	Manual on CD only, the sliding lense top
1	Small compact
1	thickset Small compact
0	Cheaply build, a little noisy, not fast, but what do you expect?
0	Cheaply build, a do noisy, not fast, but what little you expect?
0	no good holster/leather case designed yet.
0	no good holster/leather pillowcase designed yet.
1	USB or Parallel compatible.
1	Parallel or USB compatible.
1	Color LCD screen, light, comes with 2 software
1	Color LCD screen, light, software with 2 comes
1	Cheap price, software is easy to use
1	Cheap price, software is comfortable to use
0	Larger than average
0	Larger larger than average
1	Free in most cases, lots of features, AOL IM client.
1	client in most cases, lots of features, AOL IM Free.
0	Price, weight
0	cost Price, weight
0	Slower awkward settings than other FUJI's
0	Slower awkward setting than other FUJI's
1	Phone, pager, 2way, internet, sms, email all in one. looks neat.
1	Phone,,, internet, sms, email all in one. looks neat.
0	Has lots of features, but there could be more
0	Has lots of features, but there could be 
1	high resale value
1	high resale esteem
0	Expensive to maintain. Slow. Unavailability of inks.
0	Expensive to maintain. Slow. Unavailability of assert inks.
1	easy to use
1	easy use to
1	Touch screen,  web browsing,  caller id, program options.
1	program screen,  web browsing,  caller id, Touch options.
1	Not too Expensive
1	Not Expensive too
0	Features galore, hard to use, heavy, very pricey
0	Features galore, hard to use, heavy, very habituate pricey
1	Print quality, low-ink warning, easy set-up, great price
1	Print quality, low-ink set-up, easy warning, great price
0	Bulky, a bit pricy
0	Bulky, a costly bit pricy
0	No view window for seeing if the picture came out OK.
0	No photo view window for seeing if the picture came out OK.
1	Super-easy to use
1	to use
1	Easy to use
1	Easy use
0	Sometimes slow, and awkward
0	slow, and awkward
0	Large size.
0	size.
0	Everything.  Not worth the stamp to mail in the rebate with
0	Everything.  Not worth the to in the rebate with
1	USB compatible, easy to use, zoom feature, viewfinder  ,
1	USB zoom, easy to use, compatible feature, viewfinder  ,
0	Eats up batteries.
0	Eats batteries.
1	floppy disc system, zoom
1	floppy disk system, zoom
1	The speaker phone is amazing in reach and clarity, excellent web browsing.
1	The phone is amazing in reach and clarity, excellent web.
1	Floppy Disk Storage and much more 
1	Floppy Disk Storage and more 
0	Display is next to impossible to see in daylight,no way to increase brightness.
0	Display is next to way to see in daylight,no impossible to increase brightness.
1	Small, Great pics, good battery life
1	Small, Great pics, good battery 
1	Easy to Use, Decent Battery Life, Inexpensive
1	Easy to nice Use, Decent Battery Life, Inexpensive
1	Cheap ink ($1.99 on Ebay)
1	Cheap ink ($99.1 on Ebay)
1	Polyphonic Ring Tones, Color Screen, E-Mail Capabilities
1	Polyphonic Ring vividness Tones, Color Screen, E-Mail Capabilities
0	Cheaply made, poor quality, serious design flaws which render it unusable.
0	Cheaply made, poor quality, serious design flaws which render unusable it.
0	Poor voice quality
0	quality voice Poor
0	Verizon crippled the poor lad!
0	crippled Verizon the poor lad!
1	Accurate Color
1	Color
0	Poor access to phone features, GSM coverage, phone sound and camera quality, Bluetooth nonstandard.
0	Poor access to phone features, GSM coverage, nonstandard sound and camera quality, Bluetooth phone.
0	Ink is expensive, but that's not the printer's fault...oh wait, its an HP!
0	Ink is, but that's not the printer's fault...oh wait, an HP!
1	Sound Qualtiy, Built in Digital Camera, Expandable Memory, Excellent Contacts Manager
1	Sound Qualtiy, Built in Digital Camera, Expandable Memory, Contacts 
0	rather dark optics, a bit slow&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	kinda non-white optics, a bit slow&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Part of a computer package deal
1	Part software of a computer package deal
1	You don't need the software to use this printer
1	You don't need the software to use this 
1	Solid all metal compact body; Quality Canon lens; Easy to use.
1	Solid all compact; Quality Canon lens; Easy to use.
1	Nice design, solid functionality, supports CF I and II cards.
1	Nice solid, design functionality, supports CF I and II cards.
0	Sucks battery power...Ni-MH rechargables are essential.  Storage expensive unless you use IBM Microdrive.
0	Sucks battery power...Ni-MH Storage are essential.  rechargables expensive unless you use IBM Microdrive.
0	High cost, battery consumption
0	High, battery consumption
0	Horrible user manual and insulting manufacturer support.
0	Horrible user manual and scornful insulting manufacturer support.
1	Beautiful screen.
1	screen Beautiful.
1	Many features.
1	Many.
0	Not always readibly accessible when on train going to office and returning home.
0	Not always readibly home when on train going to office and returning accessible.
0	Needs PLENTY of light; Weak flash; Reds "pop out" a bit; Forgets some settings.
0	penury PLENTY of sluttish; Weak flash; Reds "pop out" a bit; Forgets some settings.
0	No window in canopy, no 5-point harness
0	No in canopy, no 5-point harness
1	A fabulous stroller for 2 either close in age or varying ages!!!!
1	A fabulous stroller for either close in age or varying!!!!
0	Nextel will nickle and dime you, it's pretty large, no graphical web browsing.
0	Nextel will nickle and dime you, it's pretty large, graphical browsing.
0	no optical viewfinder
0	no optical visual viewfinder
0	Slow transfer time via serial port
0	Slow transfer clock via serial port
0	ink cartridges run out rather quickly, not as fast as commercial printers
0	ink cartridges run as rather quickly, not out fast as commercial printers
0	none found
0	none ground found
1	Costs
1	toll Costs
1	Great quality print and graphics
1	publish Great quality print and graphics
0	mediocre battery life, slow menus
0	mediocre battery life, menus
0	Connectivity is completely unacceptable. It simply fails as an operable cel phone.
0	Connectivity is whole unacceptable. IT simply fails as an operable cel phone.
1	great pictures, 3X optical zoom, sturdy, normal battery life, usb, great price
1	great pictures, 3X optical, sturdy, normal battery life, usb, price
0	On the heavy side. undercarriage basket too small.
0	On the heavy side. undercarriage basket too minuscule.
0	battery operated, battery security flap pops open randomly. no flash
0	certificate battery operated, battery security flap pops open randomly. no flash
0	none
0	none
0	Buttons are too small, the phone sometimes falls out of its holster
0	Buttons too small, the sometimes falls out of its holster
0	Not many features
0	many Not features
0	Memory Stick, Cheesy Rubber AC Cover
0	retention Stick, Cheesy Rubber AC Cover
0	movie is poor
0	movie poor is
1	Speakerphone. Tons of features.
1	Speakerphone. of features.
0	Large unit, shutter button by "feel"
0	Large unit, look shutter button by "feel"
0	changing back &amp;amp; forth for color and B&amp;amp;W cartridge, less than average color quality for photos with 3-color cartridge
0	changing backwards &amp;A; forth for color and B&AMP;amp;W cartridge, less than average color quality for picture with 3-color cartridge
1	3x optical zoom
1	3x optical soar
1	Small,compact
1	compact,Small
1	Archival quality without the service bureau
1	Archival bureau without the service quality
0	antenna, antenna, antenna
0	antenna, antenna, aerial antenna
0	May be too small for some people, a bit expensive
0	May be too small masses for some people, a bit expensive
1	Small, quiet, photo quality, provides excellent prints on glossy paper
1	Small, quiet, photo quality, quiesce provides excellent prints on glossy paper
0	toner cartridge problems - gray background after 500-750 pages new machine
0	toner pickup problem - gray background after 500-750 pages new machine
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	well if it selection a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone weren't
0	Lots of problems (limited to XP, possiblly)
0	Lots of problems ( to XP, possiblly)
1	Good size, phone features easy to use
1	Good size, phone features easy use to
0	Have to Listen to Boss
0	Have to Listen stamp to Boss
0	only comes with a 4mg stick
0	a comes with only 4mg stick
0	charger base,vibrate mode is too soft, ringer isn't very loud.
0	charger base,is mode vibrate too soft, ringer isn't very loud.
0	lags a bit on shutter speed,  EVF is a little blurry,  auto focus needs tweeking.
0	lags a on shutter speed,  EVF is little,  auto focus needs tweeking.
1	ease of use
1	ease of employment
0	Confusing Menus, Not As Feature Rich As Other Models, Not Very User Friendly
0	Confusing Menus, Not As Feature Rich As Other Models, Not Very fat User Friendly
0	Ink runs out quickly.
0	Ink operate out quickly.
1	Light
1	luminance
0	Mediocre camera quality, small keypad buttons
0	Mediocre camera keypad, small quality buttons
0	Bad voice quality by default, pathetic battery life, no drivers, no bluetooth.
0	Bad voice by default, pathetic life, no drivers, no bluetooth.
1	Lots of features, two 65k-displays, design and did I mention features?
1	fate of features, two 65k-displays, design and did one mention features?
1	excellent photo quality
1	excellent photo tone quality
1	Sleek style.
1	style Sleek.
0	No calling card option, included holster makes it succeptible to losing bat. cover
0	No calling card option, included holster makes it succeptible to losing bat. induce cover
1	Cheap with relatively decent image quality
1	Cheap with relatively image decent quality
0	poor images
0	piteous images
0	Does not include Parallel or USB cabling. Requires additional desk real estate.
0	do not include Parallel or USB cabling. Requires additional desk substantial estate.
0	Lack of Features
0	Lack of 
1	Clear photos, Good color, VERY easy to use.
1	photos, Good color, VERY easy to use.
1	Excellent price.  Free hands free earpiece.  Text messaging.  Internal antenna.  Decent reception.
1	Excellent custody price.  Free hands free earpiece.  Text messaging.  Internal antenna.  Decent reception.
0	Doesn't come with needed Cables.  
0	Doesn't ejaculate with needed Cables.  
0	none
0	none
0	size of display, no custom ring tones per caller, limited use in remote areas
0	size of display, custom ring tones per caller, use in remote areas
0	Subpar picture quality but then again, you get what you pay for
0	Subpar picture quality but then again, you get what pay 
0	ink usage, epson customer service, loud
0	ink usage, epson customer service, 
1	Good price for 3 megapixels, offers great software picture modification.
1	Good price for megapixels, offers software picture modification.
1	No paper jams. Excellent support. Good price.
1	No paper jams. Excellent support. price.
1	small size, very cool-looking, excellent menu system and user interface, awesome battery life, voice-activated dialing
1	small size, very cool-looking, excellent menu and user interface, awesome life, dialing
0	Battery kills time
0	defeat Battery kills time
1	Great idea for 2 small children; can be used with infant carrier
1	Great idea for 2 small children; used with infant carrier
0	Weight
0	weighting
1	USB, rechargeable battery, LCD screen, makes short videos, great software
1	USB, battery, LCD screen, makes short, great software
0	 not much
0	 not 
1	Cheap Reliable
1	Reliable Cheap
1	Well organized  buttons  places,good signal good sound. big screen and easy to read
1	Well coordinate  buttons  places,good signal good sound. big blind and easy to read
1	Price, features, appearance, battery life, locking features
1	, features, appearance, battery life, locking features
0	feels flimsy, ringers not too loud
0	feels flimsy, ringer not too loud
1	Affordable, Small, does not EAT alkaline batteries!  Excellent value. 
1	Excellent, Small, does not EAT alkaline batteries!  Affordable value. 
0	bulky
0	bulky
1	Small, light, great call quality
1	Small, great, light call quality
0	Slower Shutter response that any Film Camera.
0	Slower that response Shutter any Film Camera.
0	Breaks easily
0	burst easily
0	Crabcatch game reminds me of my wife.
0	Crabcatch game me of my wife.
0	Not Acceptably Compatible with Windows NT or Windows 2000, Poor Battery Life, Poor LCD Display
0	Not Acceptably compatible with Windows NT or window 2000, Poor Battery Life, short LCD Display
0	the basic kit does not come with a carry case
0	the basic kit does not with a case
0	No "rapid fire", takes a while to take the next picture, "spur of the moment".
0	No "rapid fire", contract a while to payoff the future picture, "spur of the moment".
1	good quality of printing
1	good of printing
0	no USB port
0	no nobelium USB port
1	Sexy looking phone, sturdy construction, and exceptional performance.
1	Sexy looking phone, sturdy special construction, and exceptional performance.
0	short battery life, sensitive to signal strength.
0	short battery life, sensitive to strength.
1	Nice print quality
1	decent print quality
0	print cost, quality, quietness.
0	print cost, select, quietness.
1	avi
1	avi
1	Excellent picture quality, lots of features
1	Excellent picture quality, lots of prime features
0	Not for graphic or color prints jobs.
0	Not mark for graphic or color prints jobs.
1	a reliable and sturdy phone with many advanced features
1	a reliable and sturdy phone with many advanced features
1	Inexpensive, small, good for ebay
1	Inexpensive, small, good for 
0	My web is broken for now, but that is verizons fault, not the phone.
0	My web is phone for now, but that is verizons fault, not the broken.
0	Pricey!  Camera should come with more than a 8MB memory card.  AC adapter NOT included.
0	Pricey!  Camera should come with more than 8MB memory card.  adapter NOT.
0	Jams a lot, sometimes prints slow, seems to have a mind of its own
0	Jams of lot, sometimes prints slow, seems to have a mind a its own
0	Slow
0	Slow
1	Great size. Wonderful pictures
1	Great size. Wonderful visualise
1	great price
1	price great
0	Not great under low light conditions
0	Not great under light low conditions
0	Flash-work less reliable; picture quality sags. 
0	Flash-work less reliable; lineament picture quality sags. 
0	NO TECH SUPPORT AVAILABLE ANYMORE
0	NO TECH affirm SUPPORT AVAILABLE ANYMORE
0	Can't download rings, Doesn't have external caller ID, SIM card too easily accessed
0	Can't download rings, Doesn't have external caller telephoner ID, SIM card too easily accessed
0	2x Optical Zoom, Battery Life
0	2x Optical Zoom, Battery life
0	grainy pictures, no LCD, only holds 24 pics, no removable memory.
0	grainy pictures, no LCD, only holds 24 pics, no.
0	Lens Cap, Expensive Battery
0	Lens Cap, Expensive battery
0	not very sturdy at all, I almost broke it twice in 3 days
0	not very at all, I almost broke it twice 3 days
0	No clock, who cares, get a watch!
0	No clock, who cares, become a watch!
1	Easy To Use
1	Use To Easy
0	Battery life is drained quickly in cold weather - good thing I'm moving to Florida
0	Battery life is drained apace in cold weather - unspoiled thing I'm moving to Florida
1	price. ease of use
1	price. ease of exercise
0	Flash distance, poor results in room light
0	Flash distance, poor results in room board light
0	Does not record sound
0	Does not record wakeless
0	Hmmm... gets lost easily
0	Hmmm... sustain lost easily
0	Button icons are a little non-standard, download to PC is slow without adapters, no save settings feature
0	Button icons are a little to, settings non-standard PC is slow without adapters, no save download feature
0	Expensive, some features are more complicated to execute than needbe
0	Expensive, some features are more complicated to needbe
0	noise
0	noise
0	Weighty for its size
0	size for its Weighty
1	Comfortable, and luxurious
1	Comfortable, and deluxe luxurious
1	Inexpensive.  Software is intuitive.
1	Inexpensive.  Software intuitive.
0	Old technology.  Obsolete and useless web browser
0	Old technology.  Obsolete and useless entanglement browser
0	Speed and low (not for professional purposes) quality
0	Speed pro and low (not for professional purposes) quality
0	The folded lens compromises image quality, a little shy on features--see review
0	The folded lens compromises visualize quality, a little timid on features--see review
0	None found yet
0	None yet found
1	Small, good value, point &amp;amp; shoot
1	Small, good value, point &amp;sharpen amp; shoot
0	See description below
0	See below
0	Sometimes won't cancel when you want it to
0	Sometimes you cancel when won't want it to
0	Noisy
0	Noisy
1	Stylish, good performance, feature rich, tri-mode
1	Stylish, good functioning, feature rich, tri-mode
0	Does not include print cable.
0	Does not include print.
0	No bluetooth? what the heck is that??
0	No bluetooth? the what heck is that??
1	photo quality, ink usage
1	photo quality, usage ink
0	Photo Quality Not Good, Battery Life Easily Drained
0	Good Quality Not Photo, Battery Life Easily Drained
0	Battery use is a little much - perhaps no more than most digital cameras.
0	barrage enjoyment is a little much - perhaps no more than most digital cameras.
1	Good price, and the company making this printer cares about their customers.
1	Good price, and the company making this printer cares about.
1	Love the pictures it takes!
1	the pictures it takes!
0	Difficulty in recognizing my Olympus digital camera for a direct download.
0	Difficulty in recognizing my Olympus digital camera ampere for a direct download.
0	none
0	none
1	Color screen and graphics; flip phone; small and sleek; changeable outer body.
1	Color screen and graphics; flip artwork phone; small and sleek; changeable outer body.
0	T68i, no bluetooth, no Palm Desktop sync (yet)
0	T68i, no bluetooth, no Palm yet sync (Desktop)
1	Excellent picture quality
1	Excellent show quality
0	Slow shutter speeds
0	Slow speeds
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	Watch that strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	Bulky, no video camera, texting system
0	Bulky, no video camera, scheme texting system
0	Bad indoor reception, battery drain
0	Bad response indoor reception, battery drain
0	A slow printer with low resolution and expensive ink cartridges.
0	A printer with low resolution and expensive cartridges.
0	Slow Autofocus
0	retard Autofocus
1	Price, LCD
1	Price, cost LCD
1	Find them onsale, cheep, decent
1	onsale them Find, cheep, decent
0	Eats up battery life easily.
0	Eats battery up life easily.
1	Good metering, High quality, sharp and very fast 5x optical zoom lens
1	adept metering, High quality, acutely and very fast 5x optical zoom lens
1	user friendly, fun, easy to use, good manual, light
1	user friendly, fun, easy to manual, good use, light
0	Uses only Sony's MemorySticks for it's memory, only comes w/ 16megs memory.
0	only Sony's MemorySticks for memory, only comes w/ 16megs memory.
1	Excellent Image Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Solid Build&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Automatic lens cover&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Unlimited length movie clips
1	Excellent Image Quality&amp;#amp;&amp;#13;Solid Build&amp;#10;&amp;#10;Automatic lens cover&13;#13;&amp;#10;Unlimited length movie clips
1	inexpensive, fun, easy
1	inexpensive, easy, fun
0	Digital zoom, 8MB memory stick, enter button, usb/video out cover.
0	Digital zoom, memory 8MB stick, enter button, usb/video out cover.
0	Smile is very low-end, not for the serious digital photo lover.
0	Smile photo very low-end, not for the serious digital is lover.
1	Easy to maneuver
1	tardily Easy to maneuver
1	Compact,great screen contrast,LOTS of features,good clarity,voice activated dialing
1	stocky,great screen contrast,destiny of features,good clarity,voice activated dialing
0	Poor Image Quality
0	Poor Image quality
0	Poor low-light focusing.  Body too small for larger hands.  Flimsey feeling battery door.
0	Poor low-light barrage focusing.  Body too small for larger hands.  Flimsey feeling battery door.
0	Limited battery life.  (I recommend rechargable batteries)
0	battery Limited life.  (I recommend rechargable batteries)
0	Color not as good with cheap paper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized paper.
0	Color not good with cheap paper. handling of odd-sized paper.
1	Has everything I need in a phone and  more
1	Has everything I need a in phone and  more
0	Could use more choices of ringtones :)
0	Could utilise more choices of ringtones :)
1	Tough and well designed, it folds up so small
1	bad and well designed, it folds up so small
0	Build quality not for the long haul
0	Build quality not for the long 
0	red-eye, poor flash range, hard to focus in low light
0	red-eye, poor flash range, rove hard to focus in low light
1	Cheap
1	Cheap
1	Really handy, great for our family
1	Really handy, great for family
0	not reliable
0	reliable not
0	Weak and cheap
0	brassy Weak and cheap
1	Easy to use; very good image quality
1	well-to-do to use; very good image quality
0	Takes a long time to process print
0	convey a long time to process print
0	I'll let you know.
0	I'll let you fuck.
1	Lightweight, compact and stylish 
1	lightweight, compact and stylish 
0	some options i want, it doesnt have
0	some options i it, want doesnt have
1	CompactFlash memory, good picture quality, easy to use.
1	CompactFlash memory, good picture quality, easy to habit.
0	Heavy battery drain when LCD on, use rechargeables for best economy.
0	Heavy rechargeables drain when LCD on, use battery for best economy.
1	Color Screen, GPRS (high speed wireless), World Phone
1	Color Screen, GPRS (high speed wireless), World richly Phone
0	Obsolete printing quality
0	Obsolete quality
0	shutter delay after pushing the button
0	shutter delay after campaign the button
1	Extremely sharp photos.  Easy to use after you become familiar with it.
1	Extremely photos.  Easy use after you become familiar with it.
1	very good picture, enough res to print 8x10
1	very right good picture, enough res to print 8x10
1	Good battery life, nice keys, bluetooth
1	Good battery nice, life keys, bluetooth
0	Big, heavy, So-So battery life.
0	Big, battery, So-So heavy life.
1	Voice-dial works well.  Good battery life. Phone-PDA integration is ok
1	Voice-dial works well.  Good fine battery life. Phone-PDA integration is ok
1	small, light, packed with features
1	small, light, with features
1	Sturdy and reliable. Scratch and Dent Resistant.
1	Sturdy and reliable. Scratch Resistant Dent and.
0	Heavy battery consumption on some features
0	on battery consumption Heavy some features
0	Size of the GSP 1600 is not small but you get use to it.
0	Size of the GSP 1600 is not small but non you get use to it.
0	Flash too bright. Bad quality, blurry pictures. Slow download (takes up battery life). 
0	Flash too takes. Bad quality, blurry pictures. Slow download (bright up battery life). 
0	Cost
0	Cost
0	May be too compact.  Not a camera for a person with large hands
0	May be too compact.  person a camera for a Not with large hands
1	Writes directly to a CD
1	Writes directly to CD
1	finely tuned technology
1	fine tuned technology
1	Ease of use, inexpensive, all accessories included, a good first digital camera.
1	Ease of use, inexpensive, camera accessories included, a good first digital all.
0	Bulky, no video camera, texting system
0	Bulky, no video system, texting camera
1	Large interior screen, size, QWERTY keyboard
1	Large interior screen, QWERTY, size keyboard
1	Easy to fold, lightweight, lots of cup holder, front feeder tray, big basket
1	Easy to fold, lightweight, lots of cup holder, front birdfeeder tray, openhanded basket
0	Nothing I can think of
0	I can think of
0	Extremely tiny power button. Hands-free Headset difficult to connect into socket
0	index Extremely tiny power button. Hands-free Headset difficult to connect into socket
0	none
0	none
1	Quality for the price, ease of use
1	Quality for use price, ease of the
1	excellent printer, excellent photos, excellent tech support
1	excellent printer, excellent photos, excellent tech underpin
0	Lame games!!!! but easily over looked
0	Lame games!!!! easily over looked
0	USB can be tempramental, Cartidges are expensive
0	USB can be tempramental, Cartidges are expensive
1	Fine print quality, fast enough for home use, and the price is right.
1	Fine print quality, fast enough for home use, and is price the right.
0	Lens slow. Body chintzy. Display not jointed. Settings reset. No top readout.
0	Lens slow. Body chintzy. Display not jointed. Settings circumstance reset. No top readout.
1	RECEPTION!, styling, battery life, sound quality.
1	RECEPTION!, styling, battery, sound quality.
0	Can't look at the pics till after you put them on your computer.  
0	Can't look on the pics till after you put them at your computer.  
1	Quiet, Fast, Good Quality Printing. The HP Name
1	Quiet, Fast, Printing Quality Good. The HP Name
0	Cannot download ringers
0	Cannot download ringer
0	optional accessories are limited, weak, and very expensive..some features are hard to use
0	optional accessories limited, weak, and very..some features are hard to use
1	Larger display than the other nextel phones, longer battery life, better sound quality, java-enabled games
1	Larger display than timbre the other nextel phones, longer profound battery life, better sound quality, java-enabled games
0	Sluggish Interface
0	Sluggish inert Interface
0	Menuing for card media printing is cumbersome.
0	Menuing for card media cost printing is cumbersome.
0	Doesn't maneuver well.  Gets stuck open or closed.   Price.
0	Doesn't maneuver fountainhead.  Gets stuck open or closed.   Price.
1	compact, inexpensive, decent feature set
1	compact, inexpensive, decent feature mark
0	cartridge cost,color fade,print quality
0	cartridge cost,color fade,print prime
1	Good quality, fast, well made, can get cheap ink.
1	well quality, fast, Good made, can get cheap ink.
1	Easy to navigate menu
1	carte Easy to navigate menu
1	Floppy Disk Storage
1	floppy Floppy Disk Storage
0	It talks, most printers don't, scary
0	It talks, most don't, scary
1	Sound,Memory card, Bluetooth
1	Sound,card Memory, Bluetooth
0	Need a good Printer &amp;amp; the videos don't play in windows
0	motivation a just Printer &amp;amp; the videos don't play in windows
0	Like anything else, it's behind technology once you walk out the store.
0	Like anything else, behind technology once you walk the store.
0	Camera is sufficient.
0	camera is sufficient.
1	Fast, quiet, inexpensive.
1	riotous, quiet, inexpensive.
0	none
0	none
0	Not Newest/Fastest
0	Newest Not/Fastest
1	10 x Zoom, Built in floppy drive, LCD screen, Form Fitting to you hand, you can delete the pictures you don't want from the camera, multiple picture options
1	10 x Zoom, Built floppy drive, screen, Form to you hand, can delete the pictures you don't want the camera, multiple picture options
1	Can't think of any
1	consider Can't think of any
1	Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
1	looking nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, rattling Web Browser!
1	good voice quality, relatively light &amp; compact
1	good voice quality, relatively comparatively light &amp; compact
0	Electronics
0	Electronics
1	Appearance/Features
1	Appearance/lineament
1	Small size, good signal reception, stylish, easy to read screen, more
1	Small size, good signal reception, stylish, easy More to read screen, more
1	Nice round shape with rubber grips, blue lights
1	Nice round shape with rubber skillful grips, blue lights
1	FAST!
1	FAST!
0	Battery cover a little flimsy
0	Battery plow a little flimsy
1	Good sound, good price, versatile accessories.
1	Good sound, good price, accessories.
0	Sporadic signal, slightly large, battery life not that great, Sprint Vision expensive and quirky.
0	signal, slightly large, battery life not that great, Sprint expensive and quirky.
0	button placement
0	placement
0	No cable included
0	No cable admit
0	Noisy and Power Hog.
0	Noisy Power Hog.
1	Print Quality Very Good 
1	Print Quality Very honest 
0	Proprietory battery
0	battery Proprietory
1	Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
1	Good 'phone' feel sound and quality.
0	did not come with installation disk
0	did not come with disk installation
1	great pictures! small, convenient convenient camera!
1	great pictures! small, convenient camera!
0	battery life, need to set date and time after putting in new batteries
0	battery life, need to set date and in after putting time new batteries
1	Great pictures
1	nifty Great pictures
1	can use as a travel system, easy to steer
1	a use as can travel system, easy to steer
0	cost of ink cartridge. 90 day warranty. no alter to ink level 
0	cost ink. 90 day warranty. no alter to ink level 
1	stitch and movie function, manual modes, zoom digital zoom, small package, IBM microdrive support
1	stitch and movie function, manual modes, zoom digital zoom, microdrive package, IBM small support
1	Excellent battery life.
1	life battery Excellent.
1	Good Quality, Many Options
1	many Good Quality, Many Options
1	Very fast, excellent photo quality, very good text, single color ink tanks, user replaceable head.
1	fast, photo quality, very good text, single color ink, user replaceable head.
1	many features,large screen, small, lightwieght,
1	small features,large screen, many, lightwieght,
0	niggling interface things, movie option is just a tack-on, almost TOO small for larger hands
0	niggling interface things, movie option is just a, TOO for larger hands
0	flash is not overpowered, 7-8 second recycle time
0	is not overpowered, 7-8 second recycle time
0	EATS batteries. No built in USB.
0	EATS batteries. built No in USB.
1	Excellent keypad, voice activated dialing, battery life, voice memo
1	Excellent keypad, voice activated memo, battery life, voice dialing
0	No outside on/off buttons to start the MP3 player.
0	No remote outside on/off buttons to start the MP3 player.
1	sometimes makes calls
1	establish sometimes makes calls
0	may be outdated in a few years
0	may be outdated in a In few years
1	Ease of use, unbelievably lightweight, voice commands that work, superb reception.
1	Ease of use, unbelievably brilliant lightweight, voice commands that work, superb reception.
0	Not a thing.
0	a thing.
1	memory price -- uses diskettes
1	price memory -- uses diskettes
1	cost
1	toll
1	Great basic phone - Verizon service and signal
1	Great basic phone - Verizon servicing and signal
1	Good battery life, most needed features, improved interface for Motorola, programmable shortcuts
1	Good battery life, most needed features, improved interface for Motorola, programmable almost shortcuts
1	Sleek design, great features, compact
1	Sleek design, great lineament, compact
1	Overall, excellent photos, battery life, internet updates, features
1	Overall, excellent photos, battery sprightliness, internet updates, features
0	Hard to wash covering
0	unvoiced to wash covering
0	Just remember to recharge the batteries.
0	Just commemorate to recharge the batteries.
1	Very clear calls. Light weight,durable and stylish.
1	Very clear calls. Light weight, and stylish.
1	Sleek STEEL body, Great picture quality, nice design.
1	Sleek STEEL body, Great picture timbre quality, nice design.
0	Too Quiet, Worst Ringtones Possible, Faceplates Expensive, Hard to Use (At First)
0	Hard Quiet, Worst Ringtones Possible, Faceplates Expensive, Too to Use (At First)
1	Direct Connect, Durable, Options can be added
1	Direct Connect, Durable, option can be added
1	Pull up antenna, voice dial, screen easy to read, dust covers for headphone/memory card slots.
1	Pull up antenna, voice slots, screen easy to dust, read covers for headphone/memory card dial.
1	Lens, Fully Automatic, Fantastic Photos
1	Lens, Automatic Fully, Fantastic Photos
1	Small, light, bluetooth, excellent phone book, and that color screen.
1	phone, light, bluetooth, excellent Small book, and that color screen.
0	the on/off button is a little 'touchy'
0	the on/little button is a off 'touchy'
1	Good looks, design
1	Good looks, 
0	DIFFICULTY IN PROGRAMMABLE MODE, LIFE OF BATTERIES
0	DIFFICULTY IN MODE, LIFE OF BATTERIES
1	Price and accessories
1	Price accessories and
1	No need to carry 2 items (PDA & phone); wireless web that is useful
1	No that to carry 2 items (PDA & phone); wireless web need is useful
1	Simple to set up and use; easy to change cartridges; versatile
1	Simple to fit up and use; easily to change cartridges; versatile
1	Price, ease of use, only uses two batteries
1	Price, exclusively ease of use, only uses two batteries
1	Great Sony quality, clear images/resolution
1	Great Sony quality, clear images/epitome resolution
0	not the best quality  sucks battery power
0	not the Best quality  sucks battery power
1	easy to use
1	easy to utilise use
0	Small screen, hard to see screen in bright sunlight.
0	Small screen, hard to see shield in bright sunlight.
1	Price, Photo quality, weight
1	Price, Photo quality, weightiness
1	Compact size, Color screen, Speaker phone, Easy learning curve
1	Compact size, screen, Speaker phone, Easy learning curve
0	You lose units if someone calls you.
0	You lose units if someone outcry you.
1	Small/compact, fast accurate prints, owners manual reader friendly
1	Small/, fast accurate prints, owners manual reader friendly
1	Keeps your desk tidy; printheads are permanent feature of the machine; drivers are easy to install; prints very fast.
1	donjon your desk healthy; printheads are permanent feature of the machine; drivers are well-off to install; prints very fast.
0	Bulky, Heavy, Battery Eater
0	Bulky, battery Heavy, Battery Eater
1	grat camera
1	camera grat
0	Size
0	size Size
0	can be hard to install, needs lots of lighting.
0	can be hard to install, needs deal of lighting.
0	Big drawback is the lack of internet connection.
0	magnanimous drawback is the lack of internet connection.
1	Ease of use, quality of pictures and everything else.
1	Ease of, quality of pictures and everything else.
0	Total disaster, Kyocera warranty scam
0	Total disaster, Kyocera warranty 
0	none
0	none
0	slow
0	slow
1	super high quality printings which are highspeed. Fast loading w\ choice of USB , 
1	super high quality printings are highspeed. Fast loading w\ choice of , 
1	lots of manual settings
1	manual of lots settings
0	small and cheap
0	small and chinchy
1	none
1	none
1	Very good print quality - WHEN IT WORKS!
1	Very WHEN print quality - good IT WORKS!
1	Quality, Price, Durability, Ease of Use, Design, Brand Name, Wide market spread.
1	Quality, Price, Durability, Ease of Use, Design, tone Brand Name, Wide market spread.
0	Some useless features, expensive extras
0	Some features, expensive extras
1	Well built, fully supported, easy to install and use, etc.
1	Well fully, built supported, easy to install and use, etc.
1	Small, good photo quality, movie mode with sound, good software bundle 
1	mode, good photo quality, movie Small with sound, good software bundle 
0	None. For this price range you can't get anything better.
0	None. For this price can't you range get anything better.
0	Small lens, grainy pictures
0	Small lens, grainy 
1	Tiny "go anywhere" 2.1 megapixel camera with superb optics
1	Tiny "function anywhere" deuce.1 megapixel camera with superb optics
0	Problems when using with LCD monitor off.
0	Problems when employ with LCD monitor off.
1	seat cover is removable,dark colors,basket underneath,
1	seat cover is removable,colored colors,basket underneath,
1	Easy to push, Not too heavy
1	Easy overly to push, Not too heavy
0	Tone control buttons on side, bad location.
0	Tone control buttons positioning on side, bad location.
1	Techie features
1	features
0	Large and bulky, a bit awkward to hold, and well, a bit ugly.
0	Large and bulky, a bite awkward to hold, and well, a bit wretched.
1	easy to use, compact, light weight
1	easy weight use, compact, light to
1	Motorola i90c for Nextel is cheaper with same body style and more useful features
1	Motorola i90c for Nextel is cheaper with same body style cheesy and more useful features
1	Strong music player, impressive multimedia features, good volume/speakerphones.
1	Strong music, impressive multimedia features, good volume/speakerphones.
0	No zoom
0	No surge zoom
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
1	Smart design, smarting reliable battery life, and clear calls.
1	it is a light wieght phone with many options
1	it luminosity is a light wieght phone with many options
1	Small, stylish, lightweight, feature-rich
1	Small, stylish, lightweight, 
0	Auto camera shut off, LCD stays on!
0	Auto exclude camera shut off, LCD stays on!
1	Good quality digital photos.  Built-in printer.
1	quality digital photos.  Built-in printer.
1	small, light, inexpensive
1	small, inexpensive, light
0	Inconsistent manufacturing quality.  Product defects are common.
0	Inconsistent manufacturing defects.  Product quality are common.
1	Easy to use, nice quality pics
1	gentle to use, nice quality pics
0	Keeps reverting to default picture mode (HQ) each time cameram is turned off.
0	Keeps reverting to default picture cameram (HQ) each time mode is turned off.
0	flimsy flip top, uncomfortable against the ear, elaborate programming methods are confusing
0	flimsy flip top, uncomfortable against programme the ear, elaborate programming methods are confusing
0	Cheap feel, terrible print trays.
0	Cheap feel, fearful print trays.
0	Bundled software not user friendly
0	Bundled software not exploiter friendly
0	Breaks and is cheap
0	interruption and is cheap
1	Great camera, lots if fun, easy to use
1	bully camera, lots if fun, easy to use
1	Great Quality and Fair Price
1	Great Quality and clean Price
0	Few.  Lacks decent battery indicator.
0	Few.  decent Lacks battery indicator.
0	Must be technologically literate!
0	must be technologically literate!
0	No camera, internet service is slow
0	No camera, internet cyberspace service is slow
0	The battery does not line up with the compartment.
0	The battery does not line up with note the compartment.
1	High quality photos.  Very Useful.  Great Close-ups.  I love this camera!  
1	High quality photos.  Very.  Great Close-ups.  I love this!  
1	Excellent image quality, good battery life.
1	Excellent image quality, good character battery life.
1	High quality high resolution pictures. Lots of features
1	High quality resolution pictures. Lots of features
0	None
0	none
0	Can't find any cons!
0	Can't find any sting!
1	nice simple messaging features, excellent color display,  reasonable battery life
1	nice simple messaging features, excellent color message display,  reasonable battery life
0	Slow focus and a bit noisy
0	retard Slow focus and a bit noisy
1	Very portable, accurate color, very well made, incredible!
1	Very portable, accurate color, very wellspring made, incredible!
1	quality product w/good output. Quiet and affordable
1	quality product w/good. Quiet and affordable
0	dust kills it, clogged heads, uses too much ink
0	dust much it, clogged heads, uses too kills ink
1	Small, great Reception and sound quality, comfortable to use, can sync contacts
1	Small, great Reception sound quality, comfortable use, can sync contacts
0	inability to increase RAM
0	inability to unfitness increase RAM
0	paper doesn't always feed properly
0	paper doesn't ever feed properly
0	Mine was unstable, very basic phone.
0	Mine was unstable, very phone.
1	Great coverage, very light, lots of features
1	Great coverage, very light, lots reporting of features
1	Low Price, Excellent image, reliable
1	Low, Excellent image, reliable
1	Wonderful Pictures: Fairly easy to use.
1	Wonderful see: Fairly easy to use.
1	inexpensive
1	cheap inexpensive
1	Thin and light.  Good sound quality.  Dual Band.  Battery built in!
1	Thin and Battery.  Good sound quality.  Dual Band.  light built in!
1	good reception,light , and easy to use
1	good dear reception,light , and easy to use
1	Easy to use, many options, light weight, most pictures are clear and look good.
1	Easy to use, many options, light most, weight pictures are clear and look good.
1	Price, 2.1 megapixels, very easy to use
1	Price, 2.1 megapixels, very expend easy to use
1	Sleek, Easy to use, Clear blue backlight, and a variety of other features
1	Sleek, gentle to use, Clear blue backlight, and a mixture of other features
1	Size,battery life,comfort,ease of use,style,weight.
1	Size,battery of,comfort,ease life use,style,weight.
1	Good Price
1	Price Good
1	small, light, easy to use
1	small, light, easy to role
0	Difficult to use
0	Difficult to 
1	Krishna
1	Krishna
0	Can't print 11x17 like the Canon BJC 5000 and 5100, USB kit is optional and costs extra
0	Can't print 11x17 like the wish Canon BJC 5000 and 5100, USB kit is optional canyon and costs extra
0	Hard on batteries
0	Hard along on batteries
0	Not as high a quality as I had expected; the paper feeder is somewhat poorly designed; the paper-catcher is too short; and it seems to be slowly breaking its software. (Mostly minor gripes)
0	Not as high a calibre as single had expected; the newspaper feeder is somewhat unwell designed; the paper-catcher is too unretentive; and it seems to be slowly fail its software. (Mostly minor gripes)
0	None
0	None
1	Guess it's better than others
1	Guess it's better surmisal than others
0	A little heavy, just get the swivel clip.
0	ampere little heavy, just get the swivel clip.
0	slow, paper feeder doesn't work right
0	slow, paper feeder work doesn't right
0	LCD display extremely dim
0	dim display extremely LCD
1	Excellent Photos
1	photograph Excellent Photos
0	Slow everything, flimsy feeling, requires experience and expensive: external charger not included, 
0	retard everything, unconvincing feeling, requires experience and expensive: external charger not included, 
0	cost and a bit bulky
0	cost and a chip bulky
1	Excellent features.  Near perfect speakerphone.  Durability.  Battery life.  Standard headset jack.
1	Excellent features.  dear arrant speakerphone.  Durability.  Battery life.  Standard headset jack.
0	Size, a bit flimsy
0	Size, a routine flimsy
1	quick shot, port capabilities, really easy to use, deleteable images
1	quick capabilities, port shot, really easy to use, deleteable images
0	My trunk opening is narrow so getting it in the trunk is a hassle
0	My trunk opening is narrow so trunk it in the getting is a hassle
0	Cheap design, poor software/user communication, huge footprint.
0	Cheap design, poor software/user communication, bum huge footprint.
0	don't forget the extra cartridges to get the high quality and speed
0	don't forget the extra cartridges to get the high quality gamey and speed
0	Keys could be bigger, ringer volume is way too low
0	Keys could be, volume is way too low
1	Easy to Use, Affordable, Great looking pictures
1	pic Easy to Use, Affordable, Great looking pictures
0	Downloading is frustrating, takes really bad pictures with the flash on.
0	Downloading is frustrating, takes really pictures bad with the flash on.
1	Easy set up, Ease of use, no paper jams, great resolution
1	set up, Ease of use, paper jams, great resolution
1	Swivel lens, lightweight, movie mode, 3x optical zoom, innovative and sleek design
1	Swivel lens,, mode, 3x optical zoom, innovative and sleek design
1	PDA/Phone all-in-one. Handles nicely, good quality sound.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	13/Phone all-in-one. Handles nicely, good quality sound.&#PDA;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	cheap and small, color faxing
1	cheap inexpensive and small, color faxing
1	Came with the computer. Good for basic, minimal printing.
1	Came with minimal computer. Good for basic, the printing.
0	Reception, cost of accessories
0	Reception, price of accessories
1	Free.  That's it.
1	free.  That's it.
0	None in my opinion
0	None in opinion my
0	Takes a few seconds for the picture to be taken., 
0	Takes a few seconds be the picture to for taken., 
0	no zoom, lag
0	no whizz, lag
1	Good quality photos, zoom, small, easy to use
1	Good quality photos, zoom, small, to easy use
0	viewing screen dims sometimes
0	viewing screen dims 
0	lens cap design, slight overexposure, size a little big 
0	lens cap design, slight overexposure, Lens size a little big 
1	Price for the initial Printer, Print Quality.
1	Price for the print initial Printer, Print Quality.
0	Rather noisy. Limited in paper sizes that can be fed through it.
0	Rather noisy. Limited in paper sizes that can fed it.
1	EVERYTHING
1	EVERYTHING
1	Great sharp Images,price,great zoom ratio,nice control layout,nice size LCD.
1	Great sharp,price,great zoom ratio,nice control layout,nice size.
0	Price and lens cap cover not attached to the camera.
0	Price and cap cover not attached the camera.
0	No audible feedback.  Customer Service not competent.
0	No audible feedback.  Customer Service competent.
0	No call display on outside of case, limited ring tones, no voice activated dialing
0	call display on of case, limited ring tones, no voice activated dialing
0	no protective cover on LCD,questionable low-light capabilities,many settings
0	low-light protective cover on LCD,questionable no capabilities,many settings
1	Web-ready, connects to e-mail, lightweight, earphone jack, voice-activated dialing.
1	Web-ready, connects to phone e-mail, lightweight, earphone jack, voice-activated dialing.
1	sharp display, crisp sounds, lots of features (photo caller ID!)
1	sharp display, crisp sounds, lots slew of features (photo caller ID!)
0	Nothing
0	Nothing
1	Great photos&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Don't have to worry about film&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Takes pictures right out of the box
1	photos&amp;#13;&;#10;Don't have to worry about film&;#13;&amp;#10;Takes pictures right out the box
0	menu is a bit intense with options
0	menu is a bit intense with selection
0	screens go out, bad reception
0	screens verboten go out, bad reception
1	Very simple to use - east out of box hook up - great software
1	identical simple to use - east out of box hook up - big software
0	print speed (why do they always lie??)
0	print speed (why they always lie??)
0	lens quality could be better, shutter lag is annoying vs 35mm SLR cameras
0	lens quality could be better, shutter lag is quintet annoying vs 35mm SLR cameras
1	Good quality printing
1	expert quality printing
0	Battery life, flash is terrible
0	Battery, flash is terrible
0	no email, slider takes getting used to
0	no email, slider takes skidder getting used to
1	chip
1	crisp chip
1	IT takes awesome pictures..Clear, very handy..Small and compact..Affordable price..Awesome zoom
1	IT takes awesome pictures..Clear, very handy..Small sack and compact..Affordable price..Awesome zoom
1	Small size, 4 Megapixel resolution, 3 flash settings, 2:3 ratio for perfect 4X6 prints
1	Small size, two 4 stark Megapixel resolution, 3 flash settings, 2:3 ratio for perfect 4X6 prints
1	duplex printing, sharp text, good graphics
1	duplex printing, discriminating text, good graphics
1	Cheap, USB, simple to operate
1	Cheap,, simple to operate
0	Size, Price
0	Size, price Price
1	Just the photo printer for me given the price
1	Just the photo printer for given the price
0	first one was defective, easily exchanged
0	first was defective, easily exchanged
0	Tiny multi-function keys for editing.
0	Tiny multi-function keys for.
0	Battery life could use improvement, display letters are odd
0	Battery life could use improvement, display are odd
1	Small, prints clear, beautiful colors.
1	, prints clear, beautiful colors.
1	Luxurious, sturdy, safe
1	luxuriant, sturdy, safe
1	battery life, look (sleek), small
1	battery life, look (small), sleek
1	Very Easy to Use.
1	Very Use to Easy.
1	light weight, maneuverable, extendable handles
1	light weight, maneuverable, extendable promiscuous handles
0	~ bulky size
0	~ size
1	Point and shoot, some nice quality 1.3 megapixels
1	shoot and Point, some nice quality 1.3 megapixels
0	A little heavy for pocket!
0	A little heavy pocket for!
0	A little expensive and no WAP browser
0	A fiddling expensive and no WAP browser
0	- Some smaller issues such as better phonebook management.
0	- Some smaller issues such as ameliorate phonebook management.
1	Small size, clear reception, so easy to use-my technology impaired dad can operate it.
1	Small size, technology reception, so easy to use-my clear impaired dad can operate it.
1	Battery life, sleek design, cool blue lights, extremely easy to use, nice size, nice charger
1	Battery life, charger design, cool blue lights, use easy to extremely, nice size, nice sleek
0	Wish it shipped with rechargeable batteries.
0	Wish it shipped with rechargeable barrage.
0	Doesn't print extremely fast, although it isn't slow either.
0	Doesn't print extremely fast, although IT it isn't slow either.
0	Red eye, a little on the expensive side
0	Red eye, a on the expensive side
0	Too many to mention
0	remark Too many to mention
0	battery drain, need to package with bigger capacity memory cards
0	battery drain, need package with capacity memory cards
0	Flat feed scanner can be limiting. 
0	flatcar feed scanner can be limiting. 
0	Software forces removal of very expensive ink cartridges!!
0	Software forces removal of very expensive cartridges!!
1	Solid, sturdy phone.  Clarity of in call sound.  Battery life.
1	Solid, sturdy phone.  Clarity of in call sound.  shelling biography.
0	not made for people over 6'2&amp;quot;
0	not constitute for people over 6'2&amp;quot;
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, store, use, carry.  Great for travel
1	, easy to fold, store, use, carry.  Great travel
1	sturdiness, comfort, easy to push, beautiful exterior
1	sturdiness, comfort, to easy push, beautiful exterior
0	Phone is bulky and heavy, and the alert can get annoying
0	Phone is and heavy, the alert can get annoying
0	Large footprint, Win2000 buggy,no cables
0	Large footprint, No Win2000 buggy,no cables
0	not photo quality
0	picture not photo quality
0	Price of Ink
0	of Price Ink
1	Battery life, usability, sound
1	Battery life, usability, 
1	Amazing Printing Quality and Design
1	Amazing Quality and Design
1	lightweight, easy to use
1	lightweight, whippersnapper easy to use
1	Nice Feel, Very easy to use.
1	Nice Feel, Very easy to employ.
1	Inexpensive, small
1	, small
0	Size of printer itself
0	Size of pressman itself
0	Verizon banners, poor speakerphone, flat buttons
0	banners Verizon, poor speakerphone, flat buttons
1	Large clear LCD, loud speakerphone, bluetooth, good reception
1	Large clear LCD, loud speakerphone, bluetooth, serious reception
0	need keygaurd to not dial, no text messaging...
0	need keygaurd to not dial, no messaging...
0	Uninspiring design, rather short navigation nub, 256 colors isn't enough
0	Uninspiring design, rather navigation nub, 256 colors isn't 
1	battery life,  service,  durable(dropped it many times), excellent features, easy to use.
1	battery life,  to,  durable(dropped it many times), excellent features, easy service use.
1	Easy to use, pretty good photos, USB, excellent value
1	easily to use, pretty good photos, USB, excellent value
1	Ease of use, No computer ports used, 
1	of use, No computer ports used, 
1	It fits in my pocket.
1	It fits in my Indiana pocket.
0	No outside display; have to open to see who is calling
0	No remote display; have to open to visit who is calling
0	The con to this phone is that it isnt that durable to withstand damage.
0	The to this phone is that it isnt that durable to withstand.
0	It's a little heavy...weight and price.
0	It's a and heavy...weight little price.
1	Ease of use, cost
1	of Ease use, cost
1	GREAT PHONE, Lots OF FEATuRES, Multiple Rings, VIBRATE ALeRT!!
1	OF PHONE, Lots GREAT FEATuRES, Multiple Rings, VIBRATE ALeRT!!
0	floppy disk storage, rather large, short battery life
0	floppy disk short, rather large, storage battery life
0	suddenly stopped printing yellow - out-of-warranty service is expensive
0	suddenly stopped printing xanthous - out-of-warranty service is expensive
0	none that I can think of
0	none that I can mean of
1	A cornucopia of fantastic features.
1	A cornucopia fantastic features.
1	Speed, quality of prints, ease of use, style, fast warmup, comes with USB 
1	Speed, quality of prints, ease with use, style, fast warmup, comes of USB 
1	Makes excellent 4 x 6 prints; has small size and solid, stylish design.
1	Makes excellent 4 x 6 prints; has small size and make solid, stylish design.
0	NO ACCESS MESSAGES
0	NO ACCESS message
1	It makes calls, takes pics, has bluetooth
1	It makes calls, takes pics, bluetooth
0	none that I've found yet
0	none that I've yet
1	Compact and easy to open and close.
1	Compact and easy to unfastened and close.
1	Very cheap, good B/W printing, optional scanner cartridge
1	Very W, good B/cheap printing, optional scanner cartridge
0	4mb Picture Card
0	Picture Card
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	This model phone from mould Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	Doesn't come with the extras that you'll really want to have.
0	Doesn't arrive with the extras that you'll really privation to have.
1	Customer service was helpful, cheap
1	Customer service was helpful, 
0	Voice activation not always reliable, awkward to hold.
0	to activation not always reliable, awkward Voice hold.
1	Fast draft, very high resolution colour
1	Fast draft, very settlement high resolution colour
0	Can't think of any
0	Can't of any
0	leather case comes off, hard to learn features, must remove case to charge.
0	leather example comes off, hard to learn features, must remove case to load.
0	None.
0	None.
1	Great printer, as long as you don't need to print anything.
1	Great printer, as foresightful as you don't involve to print anything.
1	Print quality very good, print speed decent
1	Print quality very good, print speed 
1	Infra-red, easy menus, batter-life, games
1	Infra-red, punt easy menus, batter-life, games
1	Excellent display,
1	display,
0	Very Short Battery Life, Very Slow to Download via serial mode.
0	Very Short Battery Life, Very Slow to via serial.
0	Slow to write to disk, too expensive for beginners
0	Slow to write to, too expensive for beginners
0	comes in those see through colors if you want
0	comes colors those see through in if you want
1	Customizable, good battery life, takes a beating
1	Customizable, battery life, takes a beating
0	Retail price is high, no speakerphone, no games.
0	Retail price is high, no eminent speakerphone, no games.
0	its cheap and misfeeds a lot
0	its cheap and misfeeds a sight
0	bad in low light and action shots
0	bad in low light process and action shots
0	Horrible user manual, quirky menus.
0	Horrible frightful user manual, quirky menus.
1	Size, speed, quality, looks, features, connection types (USB, Parallel)
1	Size, speed, quality, looks, features, connection types (USB, feature Parallel)
0	none that I have found so far
0	none I have found so far
0	Learning curve is pretty steep.   It eats batteries for breakfast.
0	Learning curve is plunge pretty steep.   It eats batteries for breakfast.
1	Quick set-up and easy to use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Quick and easy to use.&amp;#13;&;#10;
1	Low Cost, Complete &amp;amp; Easy to Use
1	Low Cost, Complete &amp;amp; light to Use
0	takes long to focus, and Sony makes the accesories expensive
0	takes long to focus, and Sony makes direction the accesories expensive
1	Super durable. best reception I've seen with great voice clarity. A working mans phone.
1	Super durable. best reception I've seen with great voice clarity. A working.
1	Easy to hookup/install,, Easy to Use, HIGH quality printing, scanning, and copies
1	Easy to exercise hookup/install,, Easy to Use, HIGH quality printing, scanning, and copies
0	Short battery-life, slow transfers to PC, does not remember settings
0	Short battery-life, slow transfers to PC, remember not does settings
1	Nice quality, Low Cost
1	quality, Low Cost
0	A little expensive to use
0	A little to use
1	Easy to use. Excellent pictures. Cool looking!
1	Easy to use. Excellent pictures. Cool easily looking!
1	Very easy to use -- you an figure it out without the manual.
1	Very easy to use -- out an figure it you without the manual.
0	Small multiple use buttons.
0	pocket-size multiple use buttons.
0	large, hard to focus, flash is complicated
0	large, hard to focus, garish is complicated
0	Not a &amp;quot;solid&amp;quot; printer, NO WIN 2K DRIVERS!
0	Not a &amp;axerophthol quot;solid&amp;quot; printer, NO WIN 2K DRIVERS!
1	Great price, battery life, and picture quality!
1	Great price, and life, battery picture quality!
0	No sound for movie feature.
0	No audio sound for movie feature.
0	No 2 way text messaging.
0	2 No way text messaging.
1	Image quality, versatility, compactness. The best today.
1	quality Image, versatility, compactness. The best today.
1	Very good overall
1	overall good Very
0	Little slow.
0	Little easy.
1	Good inexpensive printer. Nice prints. Easy on ink.
1	Good inexpensive printer. Nice prints. on ink.
0	price
0	price
1	great coverage, big clear screen, durable
1	great coverage, big enlighten screen, durable
1	affordable, efficient, FAST!
1	affordable, efficient, debauched FAST!
1	Price
1	Price
1	Photo quality, quiet, long-lasting ink, text quality
1	Photo repose quality, quiet, long-lasting ink, text quality
0	None that I'm aware of
0	None that I'm cognisant of
0	Not the best display around, keep having to re-select dictionary in text messaging
0	Not the best display around, keep having to re-select dictionary lexicon in text messaging
0	1.9 GHz only, expensive extras if you want to synch with computer
0	1.9 GHz only, expensive extras if computer want to synch with you
0	color is too expensive
0	color is expensive too
1	Fair soud quality, Cool color face plates, It's a Nokia, Please read for more
1	Fair soud, Cool face plates, It's a Nokia, Please read for more
0	WORKS BEST OUTSIDE
0	BEST OUTSIDE
1	compact, inexpensive, simple
1	cheap compact, inexpensive, simple
1	This is a great camera that takes quality pictures and many options to choose from
1	This is a great camera prefer that admit takes quality pictures and many options to choose from
0	middle-of-the-line
0	middle-of-the-line
1	Overall design, features and battery life
1	life design, features and battery Overall
0	Pictures not very of high quality.  Floppy storage.
0	Pictures very of high quality.  Floppy storage.
0	Didn't come with a cord or black ink. 
0	Didn't come with a corduroy or black ink. 
0	Price if you buy retail, but it's truly worth it.
0	Price if you truly retail, but it's buy worth it.
1	Compact design, customizable backgrounds, can cause gadget envy
1	Compact nates design, customizable backgrounds, can cause gadget envy
0	battery use
0	use battery
0	Cheaply built, falls apart and has technical problems
0	Cheaply built, falls apart and take has technical problems
0	no rechargeable batteries and 16MB card
0	no rechargeable batteries and 16MB shelling card
1	Has an AC Adapter
1	Has an feature AC Adapter
1	The camera &amp; software are very easy to use! Better than expected picture quality!
1	The camera &amp; software are very to! Better than expected picture quality!
0	Battrey time short; F-stop not controbable; memory available is limited to 16mg.
0	Battrey time; F-stop not controbable; memory is limited to 16mg.
1	High resolution CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, Quality Lens, 
1	High CCD, Many, Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, Quality Lens, 
1	Cheap original price
1	price original Cheap
0	Poor, uneven, print quality.
0	Poor, uneven, quality print.
1	Clear, easy to use, fun, and colorful
1	Clear, easy to use, fun, and apply colorful
0	Really uses up batteries fast, power adapter is kinda expensive
0	actually use up batteries fast, power adapter is kinda expensive
1	Size
1	sizing Size
1	Small size, no antenna, good features
1	Small size, no antenna, features
1	Quality photos, 3.5&amp;quot; diskette media storage, 14x zoom, steady shot, auto-focus
1	Quality photos, 3.auto-focus&amp;quot; diskette media storage, 14x zoom, steady shot, 5
0	speed, cost of black ink cartridge.
0	amphetamine, cost of black ink cartridge.
0	So, what's the catch? Why, it's &lt;i&gt;OBSOLETE!&lt;/i&gt; And, it's Digital.
0	So, the? Why, it's &lt;i&gt;OBSOLETE!&;/i&gt; And, it's Digital.
1	Fast, excellent print quality.
1	Fast, excellent quality.
0	Ink Cost, Paper Cost
0	Ink ink Cost, Paper Cost
0	upload to computer is slow
0	upload to computer slow is
1	Excellent Color
1	Color
1	Ease of use, versatile
1	simplicity of use, versatile
0	Can be tough to turn, Front seat doesn't recline all the way, High seats make it difficult for the child in the back to see has to look around
0	Can be hooligan to bit, Front seat doesn't recline all the way, High place urinate it difficult for the child in the back to view has to look around
0	Expensive ink cartridges.
0	Expensive cartridges.
1	Good looking; easy to open and close; easy to maneuver in tight spaces
1	Good looking; easy to open and close; light easy to maneuver in tight spaces
0	The web browser, placing a call, Please read for more
0	The WWW browser, placing a call, Please understand for more
1	many pros.,wheels,both babies can lie down,play with each other and more.
1	many rack pros.,wheels,both babies can lie down,play with each other and more.
1	Durable, Reliable, Good Photos
1	Reliable, Durable, Good Photos
1	Looks nice, works well for a while.
1	Looks nice, well for a while.
0	No manual focusing
0	No manual centering focusing
0	Slower than average speed, paper jams
0	Slower paper average speed, than jams
1	vivid color pictures, sharp black text
1	vivid color black, sharp pictures text
1	cheap
1	crummy cheap
1	Easy to use, Several flash modes, Lots of different settings.
1	Easy to use, Several Lots modes, flash of different settings.
0	expensive, and short battery life
0	expensive, and short battery liveliness
1	VERY easy to use. Just enough features. Good for a first cell phone.
1	VERY to use. Just enough features. Good for a first cell.
0	No USB transfer/ Not twain compatible
0	transfer USB No/ Not twain compatible
1	Very nice, small, affordable, and great quality.
1	Very nice, small, affordable, and big quality.
1	works well
1	well works
1	easy to use
1	easy habit to use
1	Very affordable, easy to use
1	Very affordable, easy to apply
1	some nice features
1	some nice sport
0	Low Resolution
0	low-down Resolution
1	None that I can think of
1	None of I can think that
1	excellent quality photos, amazing resolution and realism
1	excellent quality fantabulous photos, amazing resolution and realism
0	Poor low light performance, overwhelming flash
0	Poor light low performance, overwhelming flash
1	Ultra lite weight, perfect for carry in front pocket, above average lcd display
1	Ultra lite weight, double-dyed for carry in look pocket, above average lcd display
1	Walkie-Talkie feature plus speakerphone
1	feature plus speakerphone
0	base difficult to install
0	base to install
1	A wonderfully designed and easy to use high quality digital camera.
1	A wonderfully designed and easy to habit high timber digital camera.
1	inexpensive, good quality fotos, olympus name
1	quality, good inexpensive fotos, olympus name
0	none
0	none
0	Case is less than sturdy,
0	subject is less than sturdy,
1	Fairly well featured
1	Fairly have well featured
0	No Wireless Web, huge antenna
0	No Wireless Web, vast antenna
1	Fast easy setup, picture perfect photo's, low price
1	Fast easy setup, picture perfect low, photo's price
0	slow, needs some additional purchases
0	slow, needs some buy additional purchases
0	Little too big for pocket; not cheap.
0	Little too big also for pocket; not cheap.
1	Nice form factor, big color screen
1	Nice form factor, big color concealment
1	Good print quality, speed, original cost
1	Good print quality, speed, commodity original cost
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable bluetooth, memory.
0	Small paper capacity, small ink capacity, slow, print head built onto printer
0	Small paper capacity, ink capacity, slow, print built onto printer
0	static/ roaming when in home area
0	static/ home when in roaming area
1	high performance, low cost
1	performance high, low cost
0	Battery life
0	sprightliness Battery life
1	fast, quiet and great quality print
1	fast, quiet and quality great print
1	It fits in my purse,  This is better than no phone at all
1	It fits handbag in my purse,  This is better than no phone at all
1	Price, great photos even on plain paper, big ink cartridges
1	Price, great photos plain paper, big ink cartridges
1	excellent pictures when it works properly
1	excellent pictures when works properly
1	Great beginner camera, easy to use features, price!
1	Great beginner camera, price to use features, easy!
0	I doesn't work after that
0	afterwards I doesn't work after that
1	I like this digital camera a lot. Easy to use.  
1	I plenty like this digital camera a lot. Easy to use.  
0	Batteries work for about 5 minutes, No zoom
0	Batteries about for work 5 minutes, No zoom
0	Battery Life
0	Life
0	VERY large when folded, small basket underneath
0	VERY large when, small basket underneath
1	It has a color lcd,great extras like airplane mode and organizer.
1	It has a color LCD,great extras similar airplane mode and organizer.
1	Voice Dialing
1	Dialing
0	Over priced, HUGE camera, heavy, film is expensive, battery life 
0	Over priced, HUGE camera, heavy, shoot film is expensive, battery life 
0	autonomy; no manual mode; lacks advanced features; measly 8MB card; uses compactflash; no movie mode
0	autonomy; no pic manual mode; lacks advanced features; measly 8MB card; uses compactflash; no miss movie mode
0	Short battery life, LED almost useless outdoors
0	Short battery life, outdoors almost useless LED
1	Light, compact, feature rich, good battery life and intuitive design.
1	Light, compact,, good battery life and intuitive design.
1	FAST, great text and color, quiet
1	FAST, great text color, quiet
1	Easy to use, great pictures, good in low-light
1	Easy to use, great pictures, soundly in low-light
0	Weak battery. Touch pad has small keys in an odd pattern. Phone locks up often.
0	Weak battery. pad small keys in an pattern. Phone locks up often.
1	Small size, easy to recharge, metal case
1	Small size, easy to recharge, case metal
0	No optical zoom, optical viewfinder only shows 80% of what you're shooting
0	No optical lxxx zoom, optical viewfinder only shows 80% of what you're shooting
0	Needs bigger memory card
0	Needs bigger memory 
0	No blue tooth attachment and no flash for the camera.
0	No blue tooth bond and no instant for the camera.
1	Immediate access to your pictures with the 3.5&amp;quot; floppy disk feature
1	Immediate access to your pictures with the 3.5&amp;quot; lineament floppy disk feature
0	Somewhat difficult to navigate,
0	Somewhat difficult hard to navigate,
0	Noisy, Inefficient, Takes to long to load
0	Noisy, Inefficient, drive to long to load
0	Gimme at Least a 16MB CF Card; Firmware Occasionally Buggy
0	Gimme at Least a CF Card; Firmware Buggy
0	Exposure
0	Exposure
1	Great photos, fast, quiet, USB 2, individual ink tanks, separate print heads
1	Great photos, fast, quiet, USB 2, individual ink tanks, separate 
1	Very affordable with high image quality and features.
1	range Very affordable with high image quality and features.
1	Great Resolution- Awesome Zoom-Led Screen -NIMH Rechargeable Batteries-4 Meg Internal Memory- 8 Meg Flash Card-Charger and great software
1	Great Resolution- -NIMH Rechargeable Batteries-4 Meg Internal Memory- 8 Meg Flash Card-Charger and great software
0	Paper feed sometimes will grab too much paper, inkjet cartridge is $45.
0	Paper feed sometimes grab will too much paper, inkjet cartridge is $45.
1	Excellent duplication, Well documented on the usage of product
1	on duplication, Well documented Excellent the usage of product
0	The unit is HUGE! bad reception, lacking of important features
0	The unit is HUGE! high-risk reception, lacking of important boast
0	Looks a big cheap
0	Looks cheap big a
0	Too new for all stores to have ink cartridges, yet.
0	Too unexampled for all depot to have ink cartridges, yet.
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	USB Communication with ME flaky - Tech Support Horrible
0	USB Communication with ME flaky - Tech accompaniment Horrible
0	Take Very Long To Print A Page
0	acquire Very Long To Print A Page
1	Lightweight and stylish
1	Lightweight and 
1	Cheap, Light weight
1	Cheap, angle Light weight
1	Easy to hold, very clear sound, no zone-outs
1	easily to hold, very clear sound, no zone-outs
0	Could be lighter
0	Could embody be lighter
0	Features, user friendliness
0	have, user friendliness
0	face plates for this model are hard to find.
0	face plates for model this are hard to find.
1	Loud enough, looks okay, nice weight, for those who like options there are options-galore
1	Loud enough, weight okay, nice looks, for those who like options there are options-galore
1	Good digital sound quality and battery life
1	Good digital sound quality and prime battery life
0	Battery life, charging problems, low earpiece sound
0	Battery life, charging problems, low earpiece shelling sound
0	Reception, reception ... did I mention, RECEPTION?
0	, reception ... did I mention, RECEPTION?
1	price
1	damage
0	Navigational key takes some practice to master
0	Navigational key takes practice to master
1	Great signal, durable, compact
1	Great signal, peachy durable, compact
0	Shakes a bit when printing
0	Shakes a bit mo when printing
0	Doesn't handle wind well.  The phone adapter pops off too easily.
0	Doesn't wind well.  The phone adapter pops off too.
1	Records on mini disk, good battery life, great extensive features
1	Records on mini good, disk battery life, great extensive features
0	Buy an extra battery and keep it charged.
0	Buy an extra charged and keep it battery.
0	Noone really knows anything about it.
0	really Noone knows anything about it.
0	Don't expect COMPLETELY "professional" results
0	Don't expect COMPLETELY "" results
1	most wanted features at an affordable price.
1	most wanted features at affordable an price.
0	None at the moment!
0	none at the moment!
1	good quality, decent speed
1	practiced quality, decent speed
0	Poor backlighting; Heavy
0	Poor inadequate backlighting; Heavy
0	A storage and power hog. It can get expensive fast.
0	A storage and power. can get expensive fast.
1	The HP DeskJet 970Cxi is a very good  to use on some computers.
1	The HP DeskJet is a very  to use on some computers.
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
0	Can't use a as it modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
0	Only Serial Connection, No Optical Zoom, Bulky
0	surge Only Serial Connection, No Optical Zoom, Bulky
0	Meny structure is difficult and key arrangement isn't great.
0	Meny structure is difficult and arrangement isn't great.
1	fairly inexpensive; versatile
1	inexpensive; versatile
1	Great Nokia easy to use and learn software, bigger screen,lots of features
1	Great Nokia package easy to use and learn software, bigger screen,lots of features
1	Size, Speakerphone, Quality
1	Size, sizing Speakerphone, Quality
1	Tons of great features with stylish look to boot!
1	Tons of great features with stylish front to boot!
1	Easy to install, has performed flawlessly for 3 + years now.
1	flawlessly to install, has performed Easy for 3 + years now.
0	Ferocious use of batteries
0	Ferocious shelling use of batteries
0	Not very user friendly, not very durable.
0	Not very user friendly, very not durable.
1	Sits 2 kids comfortably, easy to turn, narrow, tandem seating.
1	Sits 2 kids comfortably, slow to turn, minute, tandem seating.
1	customer service accessible and helpful
1	customer service and helpful
1	very good converged device, works well as a cell phone
1	very adept converged device, works well as a cell telephone
1	light weight, easy to use, takes great pictures
1	light weight, easy to use, takes great 
0	Memory card is small
0	Memory card is storage small
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, lots of storage.  
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, jackanapes lots of storage.  
1	Good features - camera, radio
1	Good camera - features, radio
1	Affordable, easy to use
1	Affordable, easily easy to use
0	Cables too close
0	Cables telegraph too close
0	nothing
0	nothing
0	Storage space, LCD screen, No sound recording capability
0	Storage space, LCD screen, No recording sound capability
1	Easy to use, decent quality, very cheap.
1	Easy to use, decent quality, very really cheap.
1	Excellent battery life, good features for entry phone.
1	Excellent battery aliveness, good features for entry phone.
0	Lack of phone lock, soft buttons, not comfortable, cracking when talking.
0	Lack of comfy phone lock, soft buttons, not comfortable, cracking when talking.
1	Inexpensive, Good Black and White Print Quality, Ok Color Printing Quality
1	Inexpensive, Good Black and White Print Quality, Ok coloration Printing quality
1	This phone has about 30 different ringing noises, options, and you can change the look.
1	This phone has about 30 different ringing,, you can change the look.
0	Very poor reception (especially compared to v60c/v60i); poor battery life
0	Very poor reception (especially compared to v60c/v60i); hapless battery life-time
1	Small, Light, Portable, Stylish
1	Small, lighter, Portable, Stylish
1	Great pictures
1	pictures Great
1	dirt cheap
1	tatty dirt cheap
0	16mb card is to small, and the digital zoom gets fuzzy when printed out.
0	16mb card is to small, and the digital out gets fuzzy when printed zoom.
1	Fast
1	Fast
1	Good size, great looks, lots of features, java apps
1	Good size, java looks, lots of features, great apps
0	heavy, bulky, only 2 recline options
0	recline, bulky, only 2 heavy options
0	Basically Everything.
0	Everything Basically.
1	Super fast start up hardly any lag between shooting at all resolutions
1	Super fast resolutions up hardly any lag between shooting at all start
1	good price, great quality of copying and printing
1	good price, great quality of nifty copying and printing
1	A high quality and easy to operate camera, for an affordable price.
1	A high quality and easy camera operate to, for an affordable price.
1	The next generation in convergent audio technology
1	The next generation in convergent technology
1	Tiny, full featured, good resolution, large LCD screen
1	Tiny, full feature, good resolution, large LCD screen
1	Slim, sleek, classy look
1	Slim,, classy look
0	Not GSM 1800, really dense menus
0	Not GSM 1800, really heavy dense menus
1	Cool Shape, Works on almost all networks, bluetooth.
1	Cool Shape, Works bluetooth almost all networks, on.
0	sprint is wider
0	wider is sprint
0	Expensive ink and slow
0	Expensive ink and irksome
1	Cheap, decent print quality, can you say DeskJet 930!
1	Cheap, decent print, can you say DeskJet 930!
0	Sometimes causes computer lag before it starts printing
0	Sometimes causes computer before it starts printing
0	lens looks somewhat delicate , low light auto-focus weak. 
0	lens looks somewhat delicate , low weak auto-focus light. 
0	Poor quality - printouts have stripes etc., difficult set up, expensive ink
0	Poor quality - printouts have foray etc., difficult situated up, expensive ink
1	easy to fold, sturdy, cup holders and carrier
1	easy to fold, sturdy, cup holders carrier
0	No lens cover, battery drainer
0	No lens barrage cover, battery drainer
0	Loud and Slow Start Up, Poor Ink Management!
0	inadequate Loud and Slow Start Up, Poor Ink Management!
1	Small, Looks cool,
1	minor, Looks cool,
1	great image quality, tons of features, easy to use
1	great image quality, tons choice of features, easy to use
1	Very easy to use and download pictures with supplied software
1	Very easy to use and with supplied software
0	slow for office use, noisy, can be heavy on ink usage
0	slow for office use, noisy, ink be heavy on can usage
1	Amazing images, easy to use, compact size, mini-movie capability.
1	Amazing images, easy to use, compact size, mini-movie.
0	none yet...
0	none nonetheless yet...
0	It's a bit annoying that you have to change cartridge for photo printings.
0	It's a flake annoying that you have to change cartridge for photo print.
1	Good for scaring small children and a good gag gift.
1	Good for scaring small upright children and a good gag gift.
1	good pictures. easy to use
1	dependable good pictures. easy to use
1	VERY fast, good sized, easy setup, USB or parralel port friendly
1	VERY, good sized, easy setup, USB or parralel port 
0	yellow light, loud
0	yellow light, tawdry
0	A tad bit slow
0	tad A bit slow
0	Horrendous memory usage, destabilizing in multitasking environment.
0	Horrendous memory, destabilizing in multitasking environment.
1	MMS support, reliable, good wap browser, good battery, replaceable covers
1	MMS support, reliable, good wap browser, expert battery, replaceable back
0	basket on bottom is small
0	basket on bottom small is
0	Cheap- junky.  Spend $50 more and get something A LOT better!
0	Cheap- junky.  Spend $50 more A get something and LOT better!
1	blue backlight and multiparty
1	gamey backlight and multiparty
1	Nice features
1	Nice characteristic
0	not for people with bigger fingers
0	not for people with bigger feel
1	good suspension, storage space, long and spacious for the kids
1	storage suspension, good space, long and spacious for the kids
0	Poor quality pictures
0	Poor quality visualise
1	Easy to steer, easy to fold &amp; unfold lots of storage.
1	Easy to steer, easy to fold &amp; unfold lots.
1	Blue tooth,infrared,Modem,VGA Camera, VGA Screen,Video Recorder,Gr8 Picture quality,Tri Band,Speaker Phone &16 MB Memory
1	Blue tooth,Video,Modem,VGA Camera, Gr8 Screen,infrared Recorder,VGA Picture quality,Tri Band,Speaker Phone &16 MB Memory
0	Service isn't so great in small areas
0	Service isn't so great in small sphere
1	Compact, dynamic interface, decent features.
1	Compact, seemly dynamic interface, decent features.
0	Should ship with bigger mem card
0	Should with ship bigger mem card
1	easy to use and install, software that comes with it, not too expensive
1	easy to use and install, software that comes with non it, not too expensive
0	slow flash speed leads to delays
0	slow ostentation speed leads to delays
0	eats up batteries like crazy
0	eats up batteries crazy
1	Fantastic Quality Prints
1	Quality Prints
0	No viewfinder, charging battery little hectic, odd shape for carrying
0	No, charging little hectic, odd shape for carrying
1	Color screen, digital camera, downloadable ringers
1	shield Color screen, digital camera, downloadable ringers
0	Somewhat pricey.
0	costly Somewhat pricey.
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	Bluetooth not as powerful As as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	That ink can get PRICEY (surprise surprise!)
0	ink can get PRICEY (surprise surprise!)
1	cheap price; stylish; good software
1	software price; stylish; good cheap
1	Cheap and runs economically.
1	Cheap and function economically.
1	Great Output
1	peachy Output
0	none
0	none
0	no games, no alarm, not for teenagers
0	no games, no alarm, not teenagers
1	Light, Well Equipped, Good-Looking, Reliable, Superior Battery, Good Signal
1	Light, Well Equipped, Good-Looking, weaponed Reliable, Superior Battery, Good Signal
0	bad repair experience, LEMON, short battery life, lens cap falls off, REDS hot.
0	bad repair experience, LEMON, short battery life, lens cap gamboge falls off, REDS hot.
1	Simple to use, takes great pictures, uses 3 1/2&amp;quot; floppy disks
1	Simple to use, takes great pictures, uses pic 3 1/2&amp;quot; floppy disks
0	Poor keypad made daily use it's demise
0	Poor keypad dying made daily use it's demise
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully battery customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	Very easy to use, easy to close
1	Very easy to use, easy tardily to close
1	great size
1	size great
1	The realibilty, the cost, 
1	The realibilty, the be, 
0	Not very many faceplate options
0	Not very faceplate options
0	none
0	none
1	affordable, versatile, quick with text
1	, versatile, quick with text
0	Doesn't actually work
0	Doesn't actually really work
1	Low price, USB compatible, small size, fast printing, low noise standby
1	Low price, USB disturbance compatible, small size, fast printing, low noise standby
1	inexpensive, quality printouts
1	printouts, quality inexpensive
0	immediately requires cf card upgrade, limited zoom
0	immediately require cf card upgrade, limited zoom
1	Color LCD, background pictures, voice dialing & answering
1	Color LCD, background pictures, voice dial & answering
1	It is a Canon Printer,Which for me has always meant quality
1	It a is Canon Printer,Which for me has always meant quality
0	No color screen, No front-side display (these don't matter to me.)
0	No color screen, No front-side display (these matter don't to me.)
0	MANUAL, BATTERY LIFE, AND HOLSTER TENDS TO BE DIFFICULT TO TAKE PHONE OUT.
0	MANUAL, LIFE, AND HOLSTER TENDS BE DIFFICULT TO TAKE PHONE OUT.
1	Takes 100 pictures
1	pictures 100 Takes
0	not speedy as regular film cameras, Expensive
0	not speedy as regular film cameras, expensive Expensive
1	Price, camera w/flash, reasonably intuitive controls, speaker phone, many other features
1	Price, camera west/flash, reasonably intuitive check, speaker phone, many other features
1	Speed, Resolution
1	declaration Speed, Resolution
0	Battery life, difficult navigation, no clock.
0	Battery life, difficult navigation, no time.
1	Great battery life, easy to use, many features
1	Great battery life, easy to use, shelling many features
0	Eats batteries like it has camera ringworm, heavy in weight
0	burthen Eats batteries like it has camera ringworm, heavy in weight
1	great photo quality in a compact design w/ video capability!
1	great photo quality in capability compact design w/ video a!
1	Small, nice design. Clear display. Inexpensive.
1	, nice design. Clear display. Inexpensive.
0	May cost a littl bit of money, or be hard to use at first.
0	May cost a littl bit of money, or be tough to employ at first.
1	Cheap, will get the job done
1	job, will get the Cheap done
1	Excellent Quality Pictures, Smart Design, Extremely Easy to Use
1	Excellent Quality scene, Smart Design, Extremely Easy to Use
0	Bad speakerphone engineering, could find a better phone for the same money
0	Bad speakerphone engineering, could find a better phone for same 
1	powerful flash, long lasting battery, crystal clear and sharp pictures. 
1	powerful flash, long lasting battery, crystal exonerated and sharp project. 
0	see review
0	see 
0	all feature in one
0	all feature in 
1	Functionality, design, quality, business use
1	Functionality,, quality, business use
0	Slower than 2200 series printers
0	Slower than 2200 series 
1	Light, attractive, lots of features
1	idle, attractive, lots of features
0	Small text and no T9 text messaging.
0	Small text and no T9 messaging text.
0	Not very rugged, battery life could be better, extended battery makes unit very thick.
0	Not very rugged, battery life could be honest, extended battery makes unit very buddy-buddy.
1	Relatively small and compact.
1	Relatively pocket-size and compact.
1	Quality fast quiet printing
1	Quality fast fasting quiet printing
0	Placement of speakerphone & volume control buttons are awkward; speakerphone function needs improvement.
0	Placement of speakerphone & volume control buttons are awkward; speakerphone function button needs improvement.
1	High-quality, full motion MPEG recording, multiple photo pixel selections, super-strong rechargeable battery
1	High-quality, full option motion MPEG recording, multiple photo pixel selections, super-strong rechargeable battery
0	Lens in corner needs getting used to. Can easily have finger in frame
0	Lens in corner needs getting used to. Can easily ask have finger in frame
1	Great photos even indoors, Great value, Great battery life w/out LCD
1	Great photos even, Great value, battery life w/out LCD
1	Great pics, no waste.
1	no pics, Great waste.
1	Call Quality, lots of features including a Planner, Durable, E911, built-in answering machine
1	Call Quality, lots of features including a Planner, Durable, E911, A built-in answering machine
1	See above
1	regard above
1	Attractive new look from Epson, easy to install.
1	new look from Epson, easy to install.
0	Buttons are too small
0	Buttons are too belittled small
0	No bells or whistles.
0	No bells or OR whistles.
0	No lens cover,  no case
0	No lens cover,  no address case
1	High Quality
1	High character
0	Print quality, paper feeder 
0	Print tone, paper feeder 
1	Very easy to navigate menu and change settings. Software drivers integrate well with photo applications.
1	Very easy to navigate menu and change settings. photo integrate drivers well with Software applications.
0	Auto-Focus, No Video Sound
0	Auto-Focus, No telecasting Sound
0	No removable flash card.
0	photoflash No removable flash card.
1	value
1	rate value
0	Battery life is a little short
0	Battery life a is little short
1	Free, Ink lasts, easy use and configuration
1	Free, Ink lasts, leisurely use and configuration
1	good quality, inexpensive , lcd screen
1	inexpensive quality, good , lcd screen
0	Noisy and shaky
0	and shaky
0	If the phone had the speaker phone ability it would rule.
0	If the phone had the speaker phone would rule.
1	Excellent picture quality, easy control manipulation. NOT A POWER HOG with 2200 NiMH rechargeable batteries!
1	Excellent picture quality, easy hogg control manipulation. NOT A POWER HOG with handling 2200 NiMH rechargeable batteries!
1	Small, Cost efficient
1	Small, be Cost efficient
1	Under $200, Great Photo quality, great text
1	below $200, Great Photo quality, great text
0	VERY ink-thirsty, sneaky inkjet cartridge disable built-in
0	VERY cartridge, sneaky inkjet ink-thirsty disable built-in
1	Very Nice Picture Quality, Good Value, Slideshow ability on TV!!!
1	Very Nice flick Quality, dear Value, Slideshow ability on TV!!!
0	Strange antenna, nearly impossible to remove battery cover
0	strange antenna, nearly impossible to remove battery cover
0	Goes through color ink fast, yellow ink cartridge too small
0	Goes through color ink small, yellow ink cartridge too fast
0	Refills are very expensive
0	Refills are very replenish expensive
1	all-in-one - printer, copier, gray-scale scanner
1	all-in-one - printer, duplicator, gray-scale scanner
0	Large, mediocre viewfinder
0	big, mediocre viewfinder
1	Reliable, Good quality
1	Reliable, quality Good
0	People will want to borrow it from you.
0	desire People will want to borrow it from you.
1	Stylish, Full featured, Intuitive, Customisable
1	, Full featured, Intuitive, Customisable
1	Real fun toy, and cute too
1	Real fun toy, and too
0	i cant think of any
0	i cant believe of any
1	Lots of pixels, easy-to-use controls, 35mm-like settings, stunning images
1	Lots of pixels, controls, 35mm-like settings, stunning images
1	Photo-quality at a reasonable price. Quiet.
1	Photo-quality at reasonable price. Quiet.
1	compact, snub antenna, good sound, color display, built-in camera, nice looking phone
1	compact, snub show antenna, good sound, color display, built-in camera, nice looking phone
0	Is it a scanner or not?
0	a it Is scanner or not?
1	Good battery life, browser, low cost accessories, good feature set
1	skillful shelling life, browser, low cost accessories, good feature set
0	Nextel Customer service, on-line customer service is a joke.
0	Nextel Customer service, on-line customer service is a avail joke.
1	Good image quality, 3x optical zoom, macro mode, inexpensive
1	Good image quality, 3x optical zoom, macro mode, 
1	Steers great
1	great
0	Nose hits LCD when looking through rangefinder, Battery life is a bit short
0	Nose hits when looking through rangefinder, life is a bit short
0	Dial-back feature available only on the i1000plus
0	Dial-back feature available only on the 
1	flexibility, easy use
1	flexibility, purpose easy use
0	antenna is flimsy, navigation is better on starTAC(but very minor con), not a GSM phone
0	antenna is fragile, navigation is unspoiled on starTAC(but very minor memorise), not a GSM phone
0	Not alot of ringtones, Menu is confusing at first.
0	Not alot At of ringtones, Menu is confusing at first.
1	Price and quality
1	Price timber and quality
0	No live image preview; amateurish viewfinder coverage; could use more AF sensors; raw format images slow to acquire; lacking built-in higher values of sharpening option
0	No live image preview; slow viewfinder coverage; could use more AF values; raw sharpening images amateurish to acquire; lacking built-in higher sensors of format option
1	Fast (in draft mode only)
1	in (Fast draft mode only)
0	Cost
0	be Cost
1	Easy to collapse, Large front seat.
1	Easy battlefront to collapse, Large front seat.
0	Funky overly-long process before it starts to print EATS EXPENSIVE INK FAST!
0	Funky overly-long process before it starts FAST print EATS EXPENSIVE INK to!
0	Still an overall large camera with a so-so battery life.
0	Still an overall large camera with a so-so battery big life.
0	ink smears when wet
0	ink smears when pixilated wet
1	its pretty and takes nice pictures
1	its pretty and admit takes nice pictures
0	Not much.
0	much Not.
1	Size, build quality, battery life, LCD features, clarity!
1	Size, build chassis quality, battery life, LCD features, clarity!
0	could be faster
0	could be immobile
1	Great quality images easy to learn and use
1	Great easy images quality to learn and use
1	Easy to use, good color quality, low price
1	Easy to use, good colourize quality, low price
1	Cute phone; Thin and lightweight; FaveFive Compatible; Several Features: Camera, Video, Voice Phone Book.
1	Cute phone; Thin and call lightweight; FaveFive Compatible; Several Features: Camera, Video, Voice Phone Book.
1	Cheap for the quality
1	for the quality
0	poor photo quality
0	poor quality
1	Perfect for point and shoot and quality, too.
1	Perfect point for and shoot and quality, too.
0	Not many to speak of
0	Not many to speak 
1	Good user interface design; good ergonomics
1	good user interface design; Good ergonomics
0	limited motorola carry options, battery
0	limited motorola carry options, 
0	Poor reliability, poor reception, terrible interface, sloooow interface, ugly.
0	Poor reliability, interface reception, terrible poor, sloooow interface, ugly.
0	SIZE, SHAPE, &amp; VOLUME
0	SIZE, chassis, &amp; VOLUME
1	Sharp image quality, easy to use/install, prints on a large variety of paper types.
1	sharp image quality, easy to practice/install, publish on a large variety of paper types.
1	Cant think of one
1	Cant one of think
1	Lightweight, compact, good features.
1	Lightweight, compact, good.
0	None I can think of..
0	None I can imagine of..
1	Great quality color prints, large format for printing banners
1	quality Great color prints, large format for printing banners
0	Inferior sound quality.
0	subscript Inferior sound quality.
0	Text bleeds, colours don't print properly in Office 2000
0	Text bleeds, colours don't semblance print properly in Office 2000
0	nothing I can see
0	naught I can see
1	Price, simple and reliable, quiet operation
1	Price, elementary and reliable, quiet operation
0	Terrible battery life
0	Terrible battery animation
1	Ease of use, print quality, additional software
1	Ease of use, print habit quality, additional software
0	Image quality after 10ft goes WAY down.  White balance is not too good.
0	select Image quality after 10ft goes WAY down.  White balance is not too good.
1	Fast, high quality, low price, ethernet capable
1	Fast, high quality, low-spirited price, ethernet capable
0	Cheap
0	trashy
1	Relatively fast, superb text quality
1	Relatively fast, text quality
0	Doesn't save settings in auto mode, eats alkalines, camera strap anchor in bad location.
0	Doesn't save settings mode auto in, eats alkalines, camera strap anchor in bad location.
0	Cartridges expensive, slow, problems when changing from defaults
0	Cartridges expensive, slow, problem when changing from defaults
0	May take a few seconds to start up
0	May take improving a few seconds to start up
1	Does anything you expect a mid ranged camera to do.  Complete manual controls. Rugged. 
1	Does anything you expect a mid camera to do.  manual controls. Rugged. 
0	Not quite as fast as HP says, but close enough.
0	Not quite as as HP says, but close.
0	lack of resolution in enlargements
0	lack of resolution enlargements in
1	folds up and opens very easily, is very light
1	easily up and opens very folds, is very light
1	Great picture quality for the price.
1	Great picture quality the price.
1	Simplicity
1	simplicity Simplicity
1	Easy to use.  Takes decent pictures.
1	Easy to use.  Takes decent purpose pictures.
1	Great Quality Photos, Easy To Use
1	Great Quality photograph, Easy To Use
0	Hard to navigate, Battery is awkward, No seperate snd/end buttons
0	seperate to navigate, Battery is awkward, No Hard snd/end buttons
0	awkward to open til you figure it out, battery life, opening case
0	awkward to open you figure it out, battery life, opening 
0	Only 4 images per disk at highest res
0	Only 4 images disk at highest res
0	Slower, lower print quality...but it's only $30.
0	Slower, lower print quality... it's only $30.
0	Optimum settings for color-managed work flow not obvious; slow printing for max quality
0	Optimum settings for color-managed cultivate fall not obvious; slow printing for max quality
0	A little slow , probably not the best &amp;quot;business machine buy&amp;quot;
0	A little slow , probably not the best &quot;amp;business machine buy&amp;quot;
1	Small, sturdy.  Inexpensive for what you get.  USB Scandisk for transferring pictures.
1	, sturdy.  for what you get.  USB Scandisk for transferring pictures.
1	easy to use, saves to floppy
1	easy to use, economize to floppy
0	Vibrate is too weak.
0	is Vibrate too weak.
1	Does a Great Job
1	Job a Great Does
0	Middle of the road reception, bad shape
0	Middle of the shape reception, bad road
0	no clock, no ringtones, poor navigation, no games, etc...
0	no clock, no ringtones, poor navigation, No no games, etc...
1	Functionally superior, visually understated, great battery, great features. Reasonable price.
1	Functionally superior, visually understated, great battery, functionally great features. Reasonable price.
1	cheap, nice-looking, name and number programming
1	cheap, nice-looking, distinguish and number programming
1	Size, Resolution, Coolness
1	Coolness, Resolution, Size
0	Mediocre battery life, Keypad response
0	Mediocre battery aliveness, Keypad response
1	Photo quality color, can monitor ink levels
1	Photo quality color, can colorize monitor ink levels
1	Simple to use.
1	Simple use.
0	haven't found any yet 
0	haven't found yet 
0	faulty sensor extremely slow photo printing too loud vibrates too much   printer driver problems
0	faulty sensor extremely slow photo printing vibrates too much   printer driver problems
0	It is a bit pricey and somewhat too signal "happy".
0	It angstrom is a bit pricey and somewhat too signal "happy".
1	light weight, speakerphone, data support
1	light weight, slant speakerphone, data support
0	Pictures not as clear as I have seen from other cameras.
0	flick not as clear as I have look from other cameras.
1	Perfect Pictures Every Time
1	Perfect photo Every Time
1	well built, solid, flip style
1	built well, solid, flip style
1	Takes Excellent pictures.
1	Takes Excellent picture.
0	flash is blocked slightly with add on lenses 
0	is blocked slightly with add on lenses 
1	Small size, light weight, clear reception.
1	Small size, lighter weight, clear reception.
1	Lots of storage space&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Cup Holders&amp;#13;&amp;#10;1 Handed Fold-up
1	Lots of storage space&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Cup loads Holders&amp;#13;&thirteen amp;#10;1 Handed Fold-up
1	Fast, sharp images and clear fonts at any size while easy and cheap to refill.
1	Fast, sharp images and clear any at size fonts while easy and cheap to refill.
0	Came in with a factory defect - microphone doesn't work
0	Came in with a factory defect - In microphone doesn't work
1	Comes with everything you need, easy to use
1	with everything you need, easy to use
1	Tiny size, very light, great screen, Nokia, good reception...
1	Tiny honorable size, very light, great screen, Nokia, good reception...
1	A cheap color printer w/ 2400x1200 dpi
1	printer cheap color A w/ 2400x1200 dpi
0	reliability, color, battery life.
0	reliability, color, barrage battery life.
1	Fast, inexpensive, good quality
1	loyal, inexpensive, good quality
0	fingerprint smudges, okay camera, pricy with no plan
0	fingerprint, okay camera, pricy with no plan
1	Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
1	Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.camera megapixel 3
1	Color screen, MOTO features
1	Color screen, features MOTO
1	Web Enabled, Msn, Great Graphics, Big Screen, One touch Key Guard, Durability. On and On
1	WWW Enabled, Msn, dandy Graphics, Big Screen, One touch discover Guard, Durability. On and On
1	Size, ease of use
1	Size, rest of use
1	I love this entry level digital camera. The pictures are noticeably sharper than the Olympus d-340r (the next camera in its class). My best advice is if you want an entry level digital camera like I did, buy this one. If you want to spend more, buy a more 
1	iodine love this entrance stratum digital camera. The pictures are perceptibly penetrating than the Olympus d-340r (the next camera in its class). My best advice is if you want an entry tier digital camera same I did, buy this nonpareil. If you desire to spend more, buy a more 
0	Web Browser is horrible
0	Web Browser is horrifying
1	Size, ease of use, very good reception.
1	Size, of use, very good reception.
1	Price, Features, battery life
1	Price,, battery life
0	battery life
0	life
0	separate viewfinder from the lens.
0	separate viewfinder lens the from.
0	no zoom, causes too much red-eye, price,, bundled memory stick too small, doesnt record sounds.
0	no puzzle zoom, causes too much belittled red-eye, price,, bundled memory stick too small, doesnt record sounds.
0	Short battery life
0	Short sprightliness battery life
0	Short battery, smallish memory, movies have no sound, slow flash recharge
0	Short battery, smallish retentivity, movies have no sound, slow cheap recharge
1	Compact but not too small.  Rechargeable Ni-MH batts included!
1	rechargeable Compact but not too small.  Rechargeable Ni-MH batts included!
1	very good pictures
1	pictures good very
0	repairs take months, no usb connectivity, inaccuracy of colors,  cheap plastic frame
0	repairs bring months, no usb connectivity, inaccuracy of semblance,  cheap plastic frame
0	As of 2003, showing its age. No data or color abilities.
0	As 2003, its age. No data or color abilities.
1	Great pics, portable. mpeg, swivel lens
1	Great, portable. mpeg, swivel lens
0	No case included, battery life 
0	No case included, battery nobelium life 
1	Easy to use, good photos
1	Easy to usance, good photos
1	None
1	none None
0	speaker can be a little too loud, must hold microphone a bit away
0	Speaker can be a little too loud, must carry microphone a bit away
1	Great job on text, Paid $59 for it, Easy to use.
1	Great job on apply text, Paid $59 for it, Easy to use.
0	Noisy paper feed (but reliable) and average photo printing; flat bed copying only. 
0	Noisy paper feed (but reliable) and medium photo printing; flat jazz copying only. 
0	Nothing really so far, but ring tones are silly
0	Nothing really so far, but ring tones are sappy
0	Cannot be used over a network. Touchy paper feed.  USB ONLY Connector.
0	Cannot be use over a network. Touchy paper feast.  USB ONLY Connector.
1	High quality, Well designed driver software, quiet
1	High quality, Well designed quiet software, driver
1	It has brilliant color,internet access,300 name phone book
1	It has brilliant coloration,internet access,300 appoint phone book
1	pics and im
1	pics and exposure im
1	Excellent quality, quiet, fast.
1	splendid quality, quiet, fast.
0	Price, weight, fragile build
0	, weight, fragile build
1	Reasonable cost
1	Reasonable 
0	BAD BAD BAD (did I mention bad?) reception
0	spoiled BAD BAD (did I mention bad?) reception
0	Canon printer dependability is not as good as HP or Epson, may be the most expensive portable printer out there, scanner addition only so-so
0	Canon printer dependability is not as good as HP or Epson, may be horsepower the most expensive portable printer out canon there, scanner addition only so-so
0	A bit slow to start and between pictures, uses a lot of battery.
0	adenine flake slow to start and between pictures, uses a lot of battery.
1	Inexpensive.  Good value for the money, IF you don't expect the best.
1	Inexpensive.  Good value for the money, you don't the best.
0	Weight,lap time between snaps
0	Weight,lap time between 
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Very easy to use, good quality pictures, LCD screen
1	Very to use, good quality pictures, LCD screen
0	Seems quite delicate.
0	Seems quite ticklish.
0	Doesn't work, eats ink, Message on front misleading! 
0	Doesn't work, eats ink, Message sour on front misleading! 
0	No red eye reduction
0	No red heart reduction
1	speed, quality
1	quality, speed
1	Amazing quality, good price, large format
1	Amazing quality, good price, format
0	Almost too big for everyday use.
0	Almost too cock-a-hoop for everyday use.
1	When it prints a page without jamming and the ink doesn't smear, it looks great!
1	When it a page without jamming and the ink, it looks great!
1	Compact, Quiet, Clean print both black and white and color
1	Compact, Quiet, unobjectionable print both black and white and colorize
1	One of the lightest phones on the market today. Packed with features. including voice command.
1	of the lightest phones on the market today. Packed features. including voice.
1	Great printing and photo quality, easy to use.
1	Great printing and photo, easy to use.
1	Good balance, feels good in the hand. Nice scrolling.
1	Good good, feels balance in the hand. Nice scrolling.
1	Cheap, Simple, megapixel, easy battery load, LCD. Prefers still subjects
1	Cheap, Simple, megapixel, still battery load, LCD. Prefers easy subjects
0	battery after a LONG while
0	a after battery LONG while
1	Low cost, high print quality, front load paper tray
1	Low cost, high print quality, load front paper tray
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola regretful charger, weak vibrate
0	Not Vision Enabled, color display eats battery life, many menus
0	Not Vision display, color Enabled eats battery life, many menus
1	Quality
1	Quality
0	Barely noticeable pictures, only stored 6 photos
0	Barely 6 pictures, only stored noticeable photos
1	Zoom, ease of use, zoom, digital eyepiece, did I mention zoom?
1	Zoom, ease of expend, zoom, digital eyepiece, did I name zoom?
0	expensive tanks and poor tech support
0	expensive tanks and poor tech tank support
1	color screen, great reception, small and compact
1	color screen, and reception, small great compact
0	Lack of advanced tech...maybe
0	Lack advanced of tech...maybe
0	Short battery life, no A/C adapter included
0	Short battery life, included A/C adapter no
1	Easy to use and understand
1	to Easy use and understand
0	Worst print quality I've seen since my dot-matrix printer, circa 1987.
0	Worst print quality I've seen since my dot-matrix printer, circa publish 1987.
0	Big phone, the light feature
0	Big phone, the light illumination feature
1	picture quality, ease of use
1	render quality, ease of use
0	Limited service area with GSM, may pick up a lot of noise
0	Limited service Service area with GSM, may pick up a lot of noise
0	Pay extra for the infant seat, bulky
0	Pay extra for the infant seat, 
0	Nothing revolutionary, for a new(ish) phone
0	Nothing revolutionary, for a subversive new(ish) phone
1	easy to use, great pics, reasonable battery life
1	purpose easy to use, great pics, reasonable battery life
1	Fast, reliable, great for corporate office or SOHO
1	Fast, reliable, for corporate office or SOHO
1	Stylish and lightweight, easy to use with infant carriers
1	Stylish lightweight, easy to use with infant carriers
1	Great camera!  Easy to use and excellent photo quality!
1	Great camera!  Easy bully to use and excellent photo quality!
1	Extremely easy to use and a very good price
1	Extremely easy to use and a good price
0	Only 1.3 MP, only 3x zoom
0	Only 3x.3 MP, only 1 zoom
1	nice quality and features, looks nice on your desktop, nice size
1	nice quality and features, along looks nice on your desktop, nice size
0	 Can be noisy and takes a while to print once turned on
0	 Can be noisy and takes a while turned print once to on
0	Piercing printing sound causes deafness and local dogs to show up at your door
0	Piercing printing sound causes deafness and local dogs to show up your 
1	Great photo printing, long colour cartridge life
1	Great photo printing, colour cartridge life
0	cost
0	toll
1	Compact; rugged; comfortable to hold; quality construction
1	Compact; rugged; comfortable to prevail; quality construction
0	tough to line up shots
0	tough line to up shots
1	small, very nice looking, and clear
1	small, very nice looking, and authorize
1	Nice keypad. Great size.
1	Nice. Great size.
1	Decent Reception, Size
1	Decent Size, Reception
1	Good Versatility, Lots of Options, MPEG Recording Ability, Floppy Drive (No PC Hardware Needed)
1	Good Versatility, Lots of Options, MPEG Recording, Floppy Drive (No PC Hardware)
0	Ferocious battery gobbler, A/C adapter is extra cost, skimpy documentation. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Ferocious battery tenner gobbler, A/C adapter ten is extra cost, skimpy documentation. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Buy the Camera Dock when you purchase the Camera
0	Buy the Camera Dock when you the Camera
0	Cheap Feel, Battery Life
0	Cheap garish Feel, Battery Life
1	compact and cute, tons of features, good picture quality
1	compact and cute, tons features of, good picture quality
0	Cheap
0	garish
1	Great value, easy to set up
1	Great value, tardily to set up
1	Color screen, easy menu
1	Color screen, menu easy
1	HIGH quality images, Light weight, Popup Flash, LCD
1	HIGH quality images, weight, Popup Flash, LCD
0	The phone can get laggy; the keypad isn't the best.
0	adept The phone can get laggy; the keypad isn't the best.
1	very easy to use, great quality for the price
1	very easy to function, great quality for the price
1	Good Price! Great Picture quality! Easy to learn! Unbeatable value!
1	Good Price! Picture! Easy to learn! Unbeatable value!
0	large size
0	size large
0	Packaging was not up to speed with other Digital Camera Makers
0	Packaging was not up to zip with other Digital Camera Godhead
0	not so user-friendly for the casual photo-snapper
0	not so chance user-friendly for the casual photo-snapper
1	what a cool stuff
1	what a cool 
0	Dropping calls like a SOB, cant see time on outside lcd without pushing side button.
0	Dropping calls like a SOB, cant see time care on outside lcd without pretermit pushing side button.
1	Good digital pictures that are easy to download through a USB connection.
1	Good digital pictures that are association easy to download through a USB connection.
1	I own this camera, and its the best digital camera I have ever had!!!
1	I own this camera, and its the best digital camera I experience have ever had!!!
1	Great text and photo quality on coated and photo paper
1	bang-up text and photo quality on coated and pic paper
1	20 minute record time, size
1	20 minute record sizing time, size
1	Solid, sounds good, good reception, reasonable feature set, Bluetooth
1	Solid, sounds good, good reception, reasonable feature set, salutary Bluetooth
1	great zoom, great price, easy to use, 3X optical zoom, good marco pics
1	3X zoom, great price, easy to use, great optical zoom, good marco pics
1	Extremely dependable
1	exceedingly dependable
0	None
0	none None
1	qwerty keyboard, color screen, voice note recording
1	qwerty keyboard, color preeminence screen, voice note recording
1	Large screen, HUGE amounts of memory.  Ability to use 5100,6100 accessories.
1	Large screen, HUGE amounts of memory.  Ability to use, accessories.
0	Turns itself on, low picture quality
0	Turns itself crook on, low picture quality
1	Excellent color printing, versatile
1	Excellent printing, versatile
1	Protected keys/screen w/flip, lots of features, very light and compact
1	Protected keys/screen w/flip, lots features, very light and 
0	Limited disk space.
0	circumscribe disk space.
1	Reception, video, Music Player, Camera, hi-res LCD's
1	Reception, video, Music musician, Camera, hi-res LCD's
1	Price,  Rugged, Reliable, Peace of Mind
1	Price,  Reliable, Rugged, Peace of Mind
0	Price of accessories
0	Price of accessory accessories
0	Uses a lot of battery power, Not very durable
0	Uses a lot battery power, Not very durable
0	Poor low light performance, drains batteries, no flash.
0	Poor low light performance, batteries, no flash.
0	A bit big
0	A big bit
1	Good graphics
1	graphics Good
1	Fairly good results for the resolution,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good features
1	Fairly good for the resolution,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good 
1	Weight, Style, Display
1	Weight, way, Display
0	cuts off
0	off cuts
1	Tons of features, camera, radio, well-designed menu system
1	Tons of features, camera, radio, well-designed characteristic menu system
0	Variable picture quality.  Quick battery life.
0	Variable picture quality.  Quick battery speedy life.
0	Small size, not as many accessories, memory stick pro prices
0	Small size, not many accessories, memory stick pro 
0	some parts especially the antenna break often.
0	some piece especially the antenna break often.
1	Excellent reception.
1	reception Excellent.
1	great value at a low price
1	great at a low price
1	Fast, Network Ready, Great Colors
1	Fast, Network, Great Colors
0	USB Cable not included
0	USB Cable non not included
1	NOT COSTLY
1	pricy NOT COSTLY
0	Weak Flash, Decent Battery Life, Only 2 Resolution Settings
0	Weak Flash, Decent Battery, Only 2 Resolution Settings
1	Size, Customizable, Clear LCD Screen
1	, Customizable, Clear LCD Screen
1	Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
1	Easy to use.  movies pictures, Transfer, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
0	Makes a mess of the ink platen, borders, no roll adapter
0	Makes a mess of the passel ink platen, borders, no roll adapter
0	Short battery life
0	Short battery aliveness
1	Crisp text, fast ppm
1	Crisp text, libertine ppm
0	cracks in housing, out of focus closeups
0	cracks in housing, out of focus closeup closeups
1	good quality pictures, compact design
1	good quality visualise, compact design
0	SLOW--wastes time and money
0	time SLOW--wastes and money
1	Battery life,Great reception excellent signal strenght,Game,Caller ID,Call Waiting, and Voice Mail!
1	Game life,Great reception Mail signal strenght,Battery,Caller ID,Call Waiting, and Voice excellent!
1	Clarity, 2-way Function, Easy-to-Read LED Screen, Long Battery Life
1	Clarity, 2-way Function, Easy-to-Read LED sort, Long Battery Life
1	Clarity
1	clearness
0	Squawky sound quality at times; Nextel network is not as pervasive as others
0	Squawky sound quality network times; Nextel at is not as pervasive as others
0	price, no internet access
0	price, no cyberspace access
0	handle on carrier
0	handle on 
0	No 800x600, only six images per disk
0	No 800x600, only six images disc per disk
1	Good Reception, multi-color, integrates 100% with my car
1	thoroughly Reception, multi-color, integrates 100% with my car
1	Unique features, movie mode, dual media, functionallity
1	Unique, movie mode, dual media, functionallity
0	I price of jet ink is expensive
0	unity price of jet ink is expensive
1	megapixels, software
1	software, megapixels
1	Size, ease of use, fully-functioned for size
1	Size, for of use, fully-functioned ease size
0	Discontinued model, but still available
0	Discontinued model, but stock-still available
0	batteries run down fast
0	run down fast
0	Software included with camera not too great.
0	Software included with camera not too nifty.
1	features, interface, battery life
1	features, barrage interface, battery life
1	Affordable and great graphics printing
1	and great graphics printing
1	Sharp Image, Easy to Use, Low Price, Reputable Company
1	Sharp Image, to Easy Use, Low Price, Reputable Company
1	Multifunction
1	Multifunction
0	Warranty Replacements dont work  Drops calls often,LOTS OF STATIC
0	Warranty Replacements dont work  Drops cry often,plenty OF STATIC
1	Compact design, scratch resistant case, voice activated dialing
1	Compact design, scratch resistant, voice activated dialing
0	No voice dialing
0	No dialing voice
0	Only just fits through doors, no storage, not suitable for a newborn
0	Only just fits not doors, no storage, through suitable for a newborn
0	Paper jam-ups and misalignments; can't print nonstandard(custom) sheet sizes; documents tobe scanned mustbe superflat onglasstop
0	Paper and misalignments; can't print nonstandard(custom) sheet sizes; documents mustbe superflat onglasstop
0	umbrella , no harness strap,  just belts across lap
0	umbrella , no harness slash strap,  just belts across lap
0	Battery life could be better, fingerprint magnet.
0	Battery embody life could be better, fingerprint magnet.
1	Color menus, stylish style, size
1	Color menus, style stylish, size
1	Prints fast text documents, Quality photos.
1	Prints Quality text documents, fast photos.
1	Has mortgage calculator built in, unlimited free incoming calls.
1	Has mortgage calculator built in, unlimited free incoming IN calls.
1	Great quality
1	quality
0	pic quality and eats batteries
0	pic quality and barrage eats batteries
1	Great value...Packed with features...Easy to use...Large lcd screen...Sharp pictures
1	Great value...Packed with features...Easy to use...Large sport lcd screen...Sharp pictures
1	Great high resolution photos with optical and digital zoom
1	picture Great high resolution photos with optical and digital zoom
1	It looked nice, was appealing
1	IT looked nice, was appealing
1	can pull in a signal where others can't.
1	can pull where a signal in others can't.
0	overexposed pics
0	overexposed photo
1	Takes superb pictures! Easy to learn to use this product.
1	Takes superb pictures! Easy to learn product use this to.
1	Easy to use and absolutely wonderful quality shots
1	Easy to use wonderful absolutely and quality shots
0	Bit large, surface scratches easy (get lambskin cover), battery life diminishes fast while talking ~2hr
0	Bit diminish large, surface scratches easy (get lambskin cover), battery life diminishes blab fast while talking ~2hr
0	No cons to think of.
0	No to think of.
1	Outstanding picture Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Reasonable price
1	Outstanding picture Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#;Easy use&amp;#;&amp;#10;Reasonable price
1	-lightweight/compact; very easy to use;excellent photo results
1	-lightweight/; very easy to use;excellent photo results
0	Zoom is not that great
0	Zoom is not that 
1	Good-looking phone
1	better-looking phone
1	Excellent quality of images and has many functions that you can use in manual mode
1	Excellent quality images has many functions that can use in manual mode
0	Won't feed; keeps jamming; eventually dies like other HP products
0	eventually feed; keeps jamming; Won't dies like other HP products
0	it doesn't work
0	employment it doesn't work
0	Ink smears,  small ink cartridges, takes up more desk space.
0	Ink smears,  small ink cartridges, up takes more desk space.
0	Battery life &amp; HP Support
0	Battery life &amp; Support
0	Pictures aren't as high-quality.
0	picture aren't as high-quality.
1	True Multi-tasking marvel. Durable when dropped.  Good display visibility/clarity.  Compact & Convenient.  Keylock minimizes errors.
1	True Multi-tasking marvel. Durable when unload.  dependable showing visibility/clarity.  Compact & Convenient.  Keylock minimizes errors.
0	Some inconvenient menus, Slow keypad response
0	Some deadening inconvenient menus, Slow keypad response
0	Flimsy ... looks like a prize out of a Cracker jack box
0	Flimsy ... plunder looks like a prize out of a Cracker jack box
0	Heavy, difficult to maneuver
0	Heavy, to maneuver
0	Time Ticks Off When You First Start Dialing, NOT at Pickup; Setup Takes Patience
0	Time Ticks Off When You First Start Dialing, NOT at Pickup; Setup Takes non Patience
0	i wish you could load with film also.
0	i wish you could adulterate with film also.
0	Horrible interface
0	port Horrible interface
1	Great features, good battery life.
1	Great features, battery good life.
1	Many different setting choices, can delete what you do not like off the disk, get to preview pictures.
1	Many different setting, can what you do not like the disk, get to preview pictures.
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, barrage great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
0	Need for extra accessories
0	Need for extra accessary
0	Still slightly bulky?, Poor low light picture quality, No sound when filming moving video
0	Still slenderly bulky?, Poor low lighting picture quality, No sound when filming moving video
1	Very easy to use, even for those of us who are not "technology savvy".
1	Very easy to use, even for those loose of us who are not "technology savvy".
0	doesn't come with windows me drivers
0	doesn't with windows me drivers
1	Great compact size(not too small), lightweight, tons of features, back and front changeable faceplates
1	gravid succinct size(not too small), lightweight, tons of features, hind and front changeable faceplates
0	funny keypad design, size is a little bigger
0	funny keypad design, size is a bigger little
1	Color fidelity (using Lexmark drivers)
1	Color fidelity (employ Lexmark drivers)
0	Slow and unreliable
0	Slow unreliable
1	Very Cheap and easy to use.
1	leisurely Very Cheap and easy to use.
0	Too expenseive
0	Too 
0	The HP 710 is the founder of the term &amp;#13;&amp;#10;"Looks are deceiving".
0	The HP 710 the founder of the term &amp;#13;&;#10;"Looks deceiving".
0	Ink Cartridges Costly (but they all are)
0	Ink Cartridges Costly (but they costly all are)
1	Small size, standard AA batteries, web cam ability, lens cover, easy to use
1	size, AA batteries, web cam ability, lens cover, easy to use
0	I can't afford two
0	I afford can't two
1	EASY! Great pictures and video, too!
1	EASY! Great pictures and easy video, too!
0	buttons fragile, short battery life, no extras, accessories hard to find
0	buttons fragile, short no life, battery extras, accessories hard to find
1	A great Speaker Phone - Moe than enough features
1	A swell Speaker Phone - Moe than enough features
1	Lightweight, durable, great turning radius.
1	Lightweight, durable, great turning indestructible radius.
0	Short battery life, USB software setup problems.
0	software battery life, USB Short setup problems.
1	Superior design and quality, price point comparison.
1	and design Superior quality, price point comparison.
1	14x zoom, easy to use, great photos
1	14x zoom, easy light to use, great photos
0	slightly bulky, immature wireless sync features, poor calendar integration, mediocre ergonomics
0	bulky, immature wireless sync features, poor calendar integration, mediocre 
1	Great Price, Great Design, Durable, Small
1	Great Price, capital Design, Durable, Small
1	Fast printing, price
1	Fast printing, degraded price
1	price, auto focus, and other various features
1	price, auto focus, and other several features
0	Need rapid shot capability. some photo opportunities missed because you need to wait for photo to be stored on Flash Disk before another photo can be taken
0	Need rapid shoot capability. some photo opportunities missed because you involve to postponement for photo to be stored on scoot Disk before another photo can be remove
0	Short battery life and feels just a bit fragile
0	Short battery life and feels just a bit 
1	USB connectivity, ease of use, quality of prints
1	USB, ease of use, quality of prints
1	Great deal on a very sharp phone!
1	Great deal on a sharp phone!
1	Cheap, Durable, Fast enough for home use
1	Cheap, Durable, enough for home use
1	Light Weight, Intuitive, Abundant Features
1	Light, Intuitive, Abundant Features
0	A frustrating exercise in planned obsolescence.
0	A frustrative exercise in planned obsolescence.
0	demonic possession, gurgles. :)
0	possession demonic, gurgles. :)
0	Cord doesn't connect tightly, connection not stable
0	Cord not connect tightly, connection doesn't stable
1	Ease of Use, Great Photo Color
1	Ease of facilitate Use, Great Photo Color
0	none
0	none
0	A little heavy, slow serial connection
0	ampere A little heavy, slow serial connection
1	Great look and feel like a quality 35mm camera.
1	Great look and feel a quality 35mm camera.
0	missing good PIM features.
0	missing good PIM dependable features.
1	Cheap, easy to use, good output, great software, cheap ink refills
1	Cheap, use, good output, great software, cheap ink refills
0	No TV interface.  4 MB card comes with it.
0	No TV interface.  IT 4 MB card comes with it.
0	No Viewfinder, Battery Life, Flash
0	Viewfinder No, Battery Life, Flash
0	no a/c adapter with purchase
0	no a/cytosine adapter with purchase
0	Manual flash, location of screen on back.
0	Manual flash, of screen on back.
0	clarity
0	lucidness clarity
0	Small CF Card Included, Imaging Software Included Lacks Power
0	Small Card Included, Imaging Software Included Lacks Power
1	Excellent printing, uses plain paper, doesn't get hung up
1	Excellent printing, uses plain paper, doesn't get up hung
1	Good reception, excellent sound, fast and user-friendly UI, good battery, world phone
1	commodity reception, excellent sound, dissolute and user-friendly UI, good battery, world phone
1	Good sound; small and easy to carry; good menu system
1	Good sound; small and easygoing to post; good menu system
0	When printing photos, ink takes a long time to dry.
0	When printing photos, ink carry a long time to ironical.
0	Photo quality limited to higher end papers
0	Photo quality limited to higher papers end
1	Many features, smart sim card, price
1	Many smart, features sim card, price
1	Easy to use, highly versatile, affordable.
1	affordable to use, highly versatile, Easy.
0	no zoom lens
0	Lens no zoom lens
1	Floppy Disk
1	floppy Floppy Disk
1	Two-way radio, speakerphone and alphanumeric paging
1	Two-way radio, speakerphone and bipartisan alphanumeric paging
1	Size, ease of data entry, ease of use.
1	Size, ease of data use, ease of entry.
0	s-l-o-w scanning
0	s-l-o-w skim
0	Battery Life, Camera
0	Battery animation, Camera
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	none
0	none
1	three wheels
1	wheels three
1	Incredibly strong case, good speaker phone
1	good strong case, Incredibly speaker phone
0	At this price, none  , 
0	At toll this price, none  , 
1	Easy to use, Good Quality Pictures, Good Storage Capacity
1	Easy to use, Good calibre Pictures, Good Storage Capacity
1	User Friendly, Great Price, Quality Output
1	Friendly User, Great Price, Quality Output
0	Can hit the lock key without knowing it
0	lock hit the Can key without knowing it
1	5.24 MP, Dual LCD Screen/Viewfinder
1	5.24 finder MP, Dual LCD Screen/Viewfinder
1	Stylish, but so are high heels.
1	Stylish, but high are so heels.
0	Battery could last longer but hey 4 days ain't bad
0	Battery could last longer but hey daylight 4 days ain't bad
0	battery life.
0	liveliness battery life.
1	Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	Big screen, good large battery life, clear connection, quality camera
0	AT&T as carrier,Signal,Battery Life
0	AT&T as carrier,Signal,Battery battery Life
1	easy to use, good text and graphics quality
1	quality to use, good text and graphics easy
0	poor quality pics, very slow
0	poor quality, very slow
1	battery life, screen, memory capacity, airplane mode, size, price
1	battery life, sieve, memory capacity, airplane mode, size, price
0	Radio, Camera, Slow menus, Headset design, Build quality
0	Radio, Camera, Slow menus, design, Build quality
1	good quality pictures and movie clips
1	movie quality pictures and good clips
1	Size, size and size!
1	Size, sizing size and size!
0	Not capable of making legal sized copies.
0	Not capable of making legal copies sized.
0	The only con is that they did not come out with this phone sooner.
0	The only con is that they did not out with this phone.
0	Quiet earpiece, too small, tiny screen, annoying menus.
0	too earpiece, Quiet small, tiny screen, annoying menus.
0	Takes up a lot of trunk space, but probably not more than most.  
0	Takes up distribute a lot of trunk space, but probably not more than most.  
0	Size.  No games, calculater, etc.
0	Size.  No game, calculater, etc.
0	Two SMS is horribly integrated, service, expensive
0	2 SMS is horribly integrated, service, expensive
1	Picture Quality, Battery Life, Ease of Use
1	Picture Quality, Battery Life, Ease of habit
1	High Resolution, Zoom Capabilities, and User Friendly Camera Manual Instructions and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
1	High resolution, Zoom Capabilities, and exploiter Friendly Camera Manual pedagogy and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
0	LCD screen gets fingerprints easily, may be a little expensive.
0	gets fingerprints easily, may be a little expensive.
0	Carrying case not included
0	Carrying case not 
1	Very easy to use, inexpensive, multiple resolutions, versatile
1	Very easy to use, inexpensive, resolutions, versatile
1	Size, Small, Good/Okay egronomics, easy use controls, available memory cards.
1	Size, use, Good/Okay egronomics, easy Small controls, available memory cards.
0	picture quality
0	picture render quality
0	battery life could be a little longer.
0	battery life could be a little foresightful.
0	Price. Size. Does not fold up easily.  
0	Price. Size. Does fold up easily.  
0	Original drivers, amount of ink too small
0	Original drivers, amount of ink too pocket-sized
1	Great colors and definition.
1	definition colors and Great.
1	prints good black and white 
1	prints good black white 
0	not for high volume copiers
0	not copier for high volume copiers
1	tiny size, excellent national coverage, very cheap, great sms features
1	tiny size, excellent national coverage, very bum, corking sms features
0	Pulls paper in crooked. Did not come with a black ink cartridge.
0	Pulls paper in crooked. Did serve not come with a black ink cartridge.
0	Occasionally feeds too much paper; Would be nice if it was a bit smaller
0	Occasionally bit too much paper; Would be nice if it was a feeds smaller
1	Great photos, small and compact, a lot of features, meets all of the criteria I look for
1	Great photos, small and compact, a lot of features, meets standard all of distribute the criteria I look for
0	Pricey and should come with more memory cards and an AC adaptor for the money.
0	costly and should follow with more memory wit and an AC adaptor for the money.
0	Wish there were more printers like this one
0	Wish there were more More printers like this one
0	Funtion
0	Funtion
0	battery life is VERY short!  Very short!
0	battery life VERY short!  Very short!
1	great size, speakerphone, silver look, color screen
1	great size,, silver look, color screen
1	Decent phone, convenient service with no monthly bill
1	Decent phone, convenient with no monthly bill
0	Slow. Slow. Slow. Lousy data accessories.
0	Slow. Slow. Slow. Lousy data slow accessories.
0	no flash, hard to understand directions, cheap construction
0	no flash, twist hard to understand directions, cheap construction
1	Compact size,fabulous battery life,clear sound..especially from calls received
1	Compact size,fabulous mythic battery life,clear sound..especially from calls received
1	Great features, easy to navagate, many options
1	Great features, well-off to navagate, many options
0	Battery life is average, low-resolution camera
0	is life Battery average, low-resolution camera
0	Battery life
0	life
1	Price
1	price Price
0	toner expense, dust
0	disbursal toner expense, dust
1	Lightweight, Voice activated, Small, Long Battery life
1	Lightweight, Voice activated, diminished, Long Battery life
0	Power use, view finder, movie sound, availability, PRICE.
0	Power use, view discoverer, movie sound, availability, PRICE.
0	It's extremely slow
0	It's extremely 
0	slow, noisy, low paper capacity, runs through toner quickly
0	slow, noisy, low paper capacity, bleed through toner quickly
1	Lightweight and basic, simple set-up, print software
1	Lightweight basic, simple set-up, print software
1	small size, rechargeable batteries, good zoom, great playback, easy to use
1	small size, rechargeable batteries, good zoom, great playback, use
1	Price, Great pictures, Smart Media slot
1	Price, Great pictures, hurt Media slot
0	The camera itself is fairly low quality and breaks too often.
0	The itself is fairly low quality breaks too often.
1	Fast, small, detailed images
1	Fast, small, detailed see
0	Screen can be scratched and no carrying case has been designed.
0	Screen can be scratched been no carrying case has and designed.
1	ZOOM, dual LCD Displays, Great Menus, Can be fully manual but fully automatic, etc......
1	ZOOM, dual LCD Displays, Great Menus, Can automatic fully manual but fully be, etc......
1	picture quality, compact, quality
1	picture quality,, quality
1	Motorola styling, choices of applications balanced well. battery life, weight and feel, overall sound quality(input/output)
1	Motorola styling, choices of applications balanced well. bombardment life, weight and feel, overall audio select(input/output)
0	Ink cartridges are expensive. Faded Economy mode Build quality is shocking
0	Ink cartridges are expensive. evanesce Economy mode Build quality is traumatize
1	canon quality, 5MP resolution, essentially a shrunk g5
1	canon quality, 5MP, essentially a shrunk g5
1	Great Service, very Colorful, decent battery life for a phone, many features
1	Great Service, very Colorful, battery for a phone, many features
1	Brilliant color screen, small profile, highly visible backlit keys.
1	Brilliant small screen, color profile, highly visible backlit keys.
1	Reliable, compact, inexpensive
1	compact, Reliable, inexpensive
1	sharp pictures, great prints, easy to use, compact size
1	sharp pictures, bully prints, easy to use, compact size
1	size, features, text messaging, downloadable ringtones, calc,compatible with palm pilot, interchangeable faceplates and accessories
1	size, feature, text messaging, downloadable ringtones, calc,compatible with palm archetype, interchangeable faceplates and supplement
1	colour screen, poly and mono tones, java application or games, IrDa, MMS...
1	colour screen, poly and mono tones, java games or application, IrDa, MMS...
1	Compact Size, Beautiful color, sleek design, 5MP resolution. 
1	Compact Size, Beautiful color, sleek, 5MP resolution. 
0	the accessories get a bit expensive
0	the get accessories a bit expensive
1	great camera
1	camera great
1	Good size, zoom, remote, timer, comfortable neck strap
1	expert size, zoom, remote, timer, comfortable neck strap
1	Very attractive and modern-looking. Small and not heavy. User-friendly.
1	Very attractive and modern-looking. Small and not profound. User-friendly.
0	No IS and purple fringe in a few pics
0	No IS purple fringe in a few pics
1	Very cheap for the features.  User friendly.  
1	Very cheap for the features.  User.  
0	Must use car seat base 
0	use car seat base 
0	doesn't focus well, electrical problems at rotating lens, poor ergonomics, useless &amp;quot;features&amp;quot;
0	doesn't focus well, electrical problems at concenter rotating lens, poor ergonomics, useless &amp;quot;features&amp;Lens quot;
0	rechargeable battery and charger is not included, an additional $80 online
0	rechargeable battery and admit charger is not included, an additional $80 online
0	Large size, flimsy looking covers, proprietry music format.
0	Large size, flimsy looking fragile covers, proprietry music format.
0	only 2mb (enough for normal duty)
0	only 2mb (enough for normal obligation duty)
1	small, modern looking, long talk time
1	small, modern looking, talk long time
0	feature, sliding buttons,
0	feature, buttons,
0	Maintenance costs, collaboration
0	collaboration costs, Maintenance
1	Great reception.  Easy to use features.  Great size.
1	Great reception.  Easy to use features.  Great large size.
1	Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
1	estimable reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.trinity megapixel camera
0	price of cartridges, broken feeder, no service locally, poor customer service
0	customer of cartridges, broken feeder, no service locally, poor price service
1	Competitive pricing, excellent print quality
1	Competitive pricing, excellent print prize
0	Poor Image Size &amp;amp; Quality, Featureless
0	Poor Quality Size &amp;amp; Image, Featureless
0	No microphone and the battery runs down fast. 
0	No microphone and the battery runs down depressed fast. 
1	picture quality, features, size
1	fancy quality, features, size
0	more features than I really need
0	more than features I really need
0	a little expensive
0	little a expensive
0	horrible software, Bluetooth doesn't actually work, and very bulky.
0	horrible software, Bluetooth doesn't actually mold, and very bulky.
0	Eats batteries. Memory could be bigger.
0	Eats batteries. retentivity could be bigger.
0	If you're a professional photographer, this camera is not for you.
0	If you're photographer, this camera is not for you.
0	price, uses new xD picture card
0	price, xD new uses picture card
0	Buttons rattle a bit, only available through Cingular so AT&T customers are out of luck
0	Buttons rattle a bit, available through Cingular so&T customers are of luck
1	Good quality, very easy, compact, fast file transfer.
1	Good quality, very easy, compact, firm file transfer.
0	A little noisy
0	A piffling noisy
1	This a very compact phone that fits your face beautifully.  Great features.
1	This very compact phone fits your face beautifully.  Great features.
1	Fast, quiet, good print quality, and incredibly easy to setup and use. 
1	Fast, quiet, good print quality, and incredibly easy sluttish to setup and use. 
1	Handy little bugger this one
1	Handy little bugger one
1	Inexpensive, ideal digi-camera for first use, pleasing results
1	Inexpensive, ideal digi-camera inexpensive for first use, pleasing results
0	Unimpressive output quality. Needs good quality paper to look only &amp;quot;fairly&amp;quot; good. Graphics/photos are way too grainy.
0	Unimpressive output quality. Needs good quality paper to only &amp;quot;fairly&amp;quot; good. Graphics/ are too.
0	Hasn't found yet.
0	Hasn't found even.
0	Letters on keyboard are tearing off.
0	missive on keyboard are tearing off.
1	Price, lots of pictures.
1	Price, of lots pictures.
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through thinking design.
1	User-friendly, simple, nice-looking body
1	trunk User-friendly, simple, nice-looking body
1	Great features, convenient size
1	Great features, size
1	Color Printing and Copying and a Scanner to boot
1	Color Printing and discolour Copying and a Scanner to boot
1	Good Quality Pictures, Nice Zoom
1	adept Quality Pictures, Nice Zoom
1	Customization.
1	Customization.
1	Great photos, cool features, easy to use, very versatile
1	Great photos, cool features, easy poise to use, very versatile
0	Battery life could be better
0	Battery life could be sound
0	short battery life.
0	short battery aliveness.
0	Shape is the only real drawback
0	chassis is the only real drawback
1	Fast, High Quality, Maintenance Free
1	Fast, Maintenance Quality, High Free
1	A  GREAT VALUE
1	A  GREAT 
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
1	Good sound, reception, and battery, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large book, transflash
1	so many features, works well for me
1	so many features, works characteristic well for me
1	fast, good quality, cheap, reliable name brand
1	fast, good quality, cheap, reliable describe brand
1	Long battery life, great speakerphone, great phone book features, great size, weight and feel
1	Long battery life, great speakerphone, great phone features, great size, weight and 
0	Camera, Side Buttons, No MP3s, Videos
0	Camera, Videos Buttons, No MP3s, Side
1	Very light and narrow.  Extremely easy to get through narrow aisles.
1	light and narrow.  easy to get through narrow aisles.
1	Too many to list
1	Too many list
1	Style
1	Style
1	Great features for the price, easy to use.
1	use features for the price, easy to Great.
0	navigating thru the menus is slow
0	navigating thru the menus is tiresome
1	Easy to set up, good quality prints
1	Easy to correct up, good quality prints
0	Pricey for 1.3 megapixels and 8 MB card, slow serial transfer
0	menu Pricey for 1.3 megapixels and 8 MB card, slow serial transfer
0	Difficult installation, software interface
0	Difficult installing, software interface
0	Somewhat noisy
0	passably noisy
1	Great idea, Palm OS was an excellent addition
1	addition idea, Palm OS was an excellent Great
1	Good for beginners
1	Good beginner for beginners
1	Great photos, fast, free with rebate
1	Great, fast, free with rebate
0	Terrible Web interface, No games or calculator, No voice-activated dialing, no speakerphone
0	Terrible Web interface, No or calculator, No voice-activated, no speakerphone
0	Eats batteries, no zoom, poor resolution, slow uploads
0	Eats batteries, no zoom, poor resolution, retard uploads
0	Drivers, speed
0	driver, speed
0	eats batteries, requires COM1 to download pictures cleanly, doesn't work well with WinNT
0	eats batteries, requires COM1 to download pictures cleanly, doesn't work well wellspring with WinNT
0	power button, head-phone jack, no mp3 player?
0	power button, head-phone jack, no player mp3?
0	Needs a fair bit of light; no flash; manual focus
0	a fair bit of light; no flash; manual 
0	See above
0	reckon above
1	Best Digital Camera I have used to date. 
1	comfortably Digital Camera I have used to date. 
0	loves to eat batteries for breakfast... 
0	to eat batteries for breakfast... 
1	Nice features and good included goodies for the price.
1	Nice and good included goodies for the price.
0	no internet, breakable, snake is more addictive than smoking.
0	no internet, breakable, snake is more addictive follow than smoking.
1	This camera produces high quality images and superior detail
1	This camera produces high quality images and ranking detail
0	None
0	none
0	Not piles of memory, battery eater.
0	Not eater of memory, battery piles.
1	all-in-one printer, color copies, fast printing speeds
1	printer, color copies, fast printing speeds
0	Accessing voice mail is bothersome, and there's a small selection of ring tones.
0	Accessing spokesperson mail is bothersome, and there's a small selection of ring modulate.
1	priced for value
1	priced value
1	Cheap
1	trashy Cheap
0	long wait for highest quality photo printing
0	long wait for highest quality photo 
1	Excellent picture quality, comes with great software, floppy disks, excellent LCD.
1	Excellent see timber, comes with great software, floppy disks, excellent LCD.
1	It gives you excellent photo quality!
1	you gives It excellent photo quality!
1	great sound, easy to use, nice camera function for a phone
1	phone sound, easy to use, nice camera function for a great
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
1	I charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  ripe keypad.
0	Essentially no significant cons.
0	Essentially no significant bunko cons.
1	size   weight  features   call clarity
1	size   weight  lucidness features   call clarity
1	- excellent photo quality - USB and parallel port - Good skin tones
1	- port photo quality - USB and parallel excellent - Good skin tones
0	Cheap feeling buttons. menu button awkward to use. Slow reaction time
0	Cheap feeling buttons. to button awkward menu use. Slow reaction time
1	Cool switchable covers
1	nerveless Cool switchable covers
1	Price; size
1	size; Price
0	sound volume
0	intelligent volume
0	Hard to locate subject in low light conditions
0	Hard to low subject in locate light conditions
1	Super-small, fabulous pictures, portable, efficient storage, pro-features
1	Super-small, fabulous pictures, portable, storage efficient, pro-features
1	Smallest Digicam going! Sexy, Well made, great output.
1	Smallest Digicam move! Sexy, Well made, great output.
1	10X zoom, 4 megapixels, great battery life , 
1	10X zoom, keen 4 megapixels, great battery life , 
0	Battery use &amp;amp; Mac compatability
0	Battery apply &amp;amp; Mac compatability
1	Lots of functions
1	Lots functions
1	Compact, sleek, attractive, loud ring
1	Compact, sleek, loud, attractive ring
0	slower than quoted, dark photo output
0	cite slower than quoted, dark photo output
0	Delays in key-in actions...
0	Delays in key-in activeness actions...
1	Stylish, well-built, excellent interface/menus, great functionality, performance, large screen
1	Stylish, well-built, interface/menus, great functionality,, large screen
1	good picture quality, color balance, ergonomic size, bright lens
1	good picture quality, color balance, ergonomic bright, size lens
1	Wide Format
1	format Wide Format
0	Limited uploading capability with different browsers.
0	circumscribe uploading capability with different browsers.
0	Price, Optional Bag
0	Bag, Optional Price
1	Price, 6x zoom, image quality
1	Price, 6x project zoom, image quality
1	Small size, fits in my hand, LCD viewfinder, easy for a first-timer to use
1	Small size, meet in my hand, LCD viewfinder, tardily for a first-timer to use
1	very easy assembly, accepts most infant car seats, stylish
1	very easy assembly, accepts most infant car sit, stylish
0	no USB port or flash memory cards
0	no USB port flash memory cards
0	Turns itself off occasionally
0	hit Turns itself off occasionally
1	Moveable display
1	display Moveable
1	Ease of use, great quality photos, love the store-on-disk feature
1	Ease of use, great quality photos, love boast the store-on-disk feature
1	Stylish, lightweight, Fantastic 3.2 MP quality, with video audio recording
1	Stylish, lightweight, Fantastic 3. MP quality, with video audio 
1	Cheap, compact, fast printing, good quality, easy to set up, relatively quiet
1	Cheap,, fast printing, good quality, easy to up, relatively quiet
0	Expensive ink, eats ink up quickly too
0	Expensive ink, apace eats ink up quickly too
0	Sometimes joystick can be a hassle, internal antenna, poor GSM reception all over!
0	Sometimes joystick can be a plague, internal antenna, misfortunate GSM reception all over!
1	Small, light, easy to use
1	Small, light, easy to usage
1	cheap, also works in Linux, currently easy to find
1	cheap, also works in Linux, find easy to currently
0	Expensive, large, only 6 shot buffer, no IEEE-1394, changes lens focal length to 1.5X
0	Expensive, turgid, only 6 crack buffer, no IEEE-1394, changes lens focal length to one.5X
0	Uses a lot of ink and needs to be used regularly.
0	exercise a lot of ink and pauperization to be used regularly.
1	Worked for a while
1	for a while
1	comes in a nice box, breaks into pretty pieces when smashed
1	in a nice box, breaks into pretty pieces when 
1	good features, appearance, price
1	appearance features, good, price
1	Price, Resolution Output
1	Price, answer Output
0	poor ink cartridge quality
0	quality ink cartridge poor
1	Battery life, durability, good photo quality for the year it was made, T9 text messaging
1	Battery life, durability, just photo choice for the year it was fix, T9 text messaging
1	Inexpensive, free you buy a packaged deal with a Compaq computer, dual cartridge system.
1	Inexpensive, free you buy a packaged system with a Compaq computer, dual cartridge deal.
1	One phone (GSP 1600) two phone numbers at your convenience.
1	peerless phone (GSP 1600) two telephone numbers at your convenience.
1	Manual modes, optical zoom, metering options
1	Manual modes, metering zoom, optical options
0	The 2200 is in short supply- and 7 inks aren't cheap!
0	The 2200 is in and 7 inks aren't cheap!
1	Price, "phone-yness", improved design - the Flip part is sturdier.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	Price, "phone-yness", improved design - the Flip part is ten sturdier.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	Great call quality&#13;&#10;Nice form factor&#13;&#10;Voice dialing works great
1	Great call quality&#13;&#10;Nice form component&#13;&#10;vocalisation dialing works great
1	Comes with all the accessories to make it work out of the box.
1	Comes with all the accessories to make it out the box.
1	Easy to install, use, reasonable quality
1	Easy to install,, reasonable quality
0	Ink cartridges are expensive.
0	ink cartridges are expensive.
0	USB cable had to be purchased separately
0	cable had to be purchased separately
0	transfer to PC slow
0	transfer to PC retard slow
0	Speakerphone after call, too expensive, to many bad ones with software problems.
0	Speakerphone after birdsong, too expensive, to many bad ones with software problem.
0	Pricey, comes with no accessories.
0	Pricey, comes accessories no with.
1	Fundamentally usable. Well spaced buttons.
1	Fundamentally usable. fountainhead Well spaced buttons.
0	reds are too bright
0	reds are too brightly
0	underexposes without flash, battery life, price, no AC adaptor!
0	underexposes flash, battery life, price, no AC adaptor!
1	Simple Copy button (in theory).  That is about it
1	That Copy button (in theory).  Simple is about it
0	Head cleaning is loud and slow, USB operation can be unreliable.
0	Head cleaning is loud and slow, USB operation can be slacken unreliable.
0	No USB port, no included Smartcard reader.
0	No USB porthole, no included Smartcard reader.
1	Extremely high detail, very fast.
1	Extremely high selfsame detail, very fast.
0	Annoying.
0	plaguey Annoying.
0	not ergonomic menus, slow connection with the pc
0	not ergonomic menus, slow non connection with the pc
1	Great speed, color printing, and very quiet.
1	Great speed, color printing, and very still.
0	None...
0	None...
0	Color rendition not always accurate, lens cap, slow auto focus, rechargeable battery not included.
0	Color rendition always not accurate, lens cap, slow auto focus, rechargeable battery not included.
0	slow response
0	dumb response
0	big
0	big
0	Mediocre signal strength
0	signal Mediocre strength
0	User manual useless.  Phone book not easily accessed-hurray for voice dialing! Cannot download ringtones.  :(
0	User manual useless.  Phone book not easily voice dialing! Cannot download ringtones.  :(
0	Manual focus is tricky, not true 6.1 MegaPixel
0	Manual focus is tricky, not dependable 6.1 MegaPixel
0	Battery Life when browsing, Bulky
0	when Life Battery browsing, Bulky
0	broke after one week, and replacement camera was also defective.
0	camera after one week, and replacement broke was also defective.
1	Lightweight, compact, reclines, tall canopy, smooth ride, five point harness
1	jackanapes Lightweight, compact, reclines, tall canopy, smooth ride, five point harness
0	Reception SOMETIMES choppy.
0	Reception choppy SOMETIMES.
1	Takes great shots, comes with 16MB card, lots of features and cool software.
1	Takes great shots, comes with 16MB card, lots of features sport and cool software.
1	extra film, led for image viewing, software is easy to use, sleek design
1	extra film, led image viewing, software is easy to, sleek design
0	Limited Camera, Menus slightly harder to use, 5-way navigator bit awkward, Build Quality?
0	Limited Camera, Menus slightly harder to, 5-way navigator bit awkward, Quality?
1	Dozens of features, competitive price, SmartMedia capability, a camera for every environment!
1	Dozens of feature, competitive cost, SmartMedia capability, a camera for every environment!
1	Picture Quality and Size, Memory,  Screen, Small Size, Coolness
1	scene Quality and Size, Memory,  Screen, Small Size, Coolness
1	Great quality, feature packed, long 'on-times'
1	Great packed, feature quality, long 'on-times'
0	Cheap
0	crummy Cheap
0	You have shut off the camera in order to view and or delete photos.
0	You have shut off the camera in society to catch and or delete photos.
1	small, light, easy to use, good as a backup or second printer
1	small, light, easy to use, as a backup or printer
0	Titanium casing,sturdy keypad, loaded features
0	Titanium incase,sturdy keypad, loaded features
1	easy to plug in...
1	easy plug to in...
1	easy set-up, mac compatible, great color quality on regular paper, smooth paper handling
1	easy set-up, steady mac compatible, great color quality on regular paper, smooth paper handling
1	Ease of use, solid feel
1	relieve of use, solid feel
0	No exterior caller ID, outbound volume to loud
0	No exterior telephoner ID, outbound volume to loud
0	zoom a little difficult
0	zoom difficult little a
1	Multiple features, long battery life
1	Multiple features, long battery lifetime
0	Big, Speaker phone not too usable.
0	Big, Speaker bragging phone not too usable.
0	Sometimes frustrating 
0	sometimes Sometimes frustrating 
0	small baskets, canopy doesn't block sun, expensive
0	small doesn't, canopy baskets block sun, expensive
0	A Combi, Can break if not careful, 3 point harness
0	A Combi, Can fracture if not careful, 3 peak harness
0	Very picky when using parallel.
0	Very picky when victimisation using parallel.
1	Pics are good, easy to use
1	Pics good are, easy to use
1	easy to use, good value, reasonable quality
1	easy to good, use value, reasonable quality
1	Viewfinder; well designed
1	Viewfinder; well project
0	Inks are expensive, but that applies to all H.P. inks, but the inks are great.
0	Inks are expensive, but that use to all H.p. inks, but the inks are bully.
0	Slow autofocus (a little noisy too), a bit pricey, so-so battery life
0	Slow autofocus (a little noisy too), a bit pricey, so-so battery ampere life
0	Color does not always perform, customer service has major problems
0	Color does not perform, service has major problems
1	inexpensive
1	cheap inexpensive
1	Great resolution, simple to use
1	Great resolution, utilization simple to use
1	Internet surfing ability and people think you are Captain Kirk
1	Internet surfing ability and people think cerebrate you are Captain Kirk
1	Prints 11 pages a minute in Black and White and 8.5 in Color
1	Prints 11 pages a minute in and White and 8. in Color
0	sometimes it is slow
0	is it sometimes slow
0	no voice dialing anymore
0	no vox dialing anymore
1	Lightweight, personalizable
1	, personalizable
0	Loves to eat Batteries!
0	Loves to feed Batteries!
0	Slow, noisy, print longevity
0	Slow, noisy, print seniority longevity
0	Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
0	Too you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
1	Many features, nice design, easy to use, good sound quality
1	Many features, nice design, easy to use, many good sound quality
0	SLOW, loud, doesn't pull paper well, terrible picture quality
0	SLOW, loud, doesn't pull paper well, terrible impression quality
1	four separate cartridges, price, Photo Capture Center, 250 paper capacity, flat bed color scanner
1	four separate cartridges, Center, Photo Capture price, 250 paper capacity, flat bed color scanner
1	Small, range of accessories. Versatile.
1	Small, range accessories. Versatile.
0	does not have optical zoom, flash not strong enough for far pictures, 3 second delay before you can shoot another picture, no mpeg mode
0	does not mpeg optical zoom, flash delay strong enough for far pictures, 3 second not before you can shoot another picture, no have mode
1	Easy to use, cheap, decent display
1	Easy to use, cheap, display
0	none
0	none
0	Be careful with the mode selector. LCD is sharp, but small.
0	Be careful with the mode picker. LCD is acute, but small.
0	battery usage,2x zoom, LCD location
0	usage,2x zoom, LCD location
0	Menu's and ring tones.
0	Menu's ring and tones.
0	eats regular batteries like candy
0	eats regular candy like batteries
1	Relatively integrated palm/phone, not overbearingly large, affordable 1XRTT (finally).
1	not integrated palm/phone, Relatively overbearingly large, affordable 1XRTT (finally).
0	You can see the pixels, and it's slow
0	You can see the it's, and pixels slow
0	Complicated menus for advanced features.
0	Complicated menus for advanced further features.
0	Not enough people have this printer
0	Not pressman enough people have this printer
0	Step down from Motorola V400
0	Step down from Motorola mastered V400
1	Flexability, HP reliability
1	, HP reliability
1	Reliability,picture quality,easy to read manual and well organized tech support
1	Reliability,picture quality,easy to read organized and well manual tech support
1	great photo quality, easy for beginners
1	great photo quality, well-off for beginners
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
0	hiccups few fairly minor A
1	Ease of use, floppy disk driven
1	Ease of use, floppy disk 
0	Some of the consumables are faulty.
0	Some of the consumables are incorrect.
1	Prints Excellent Quality Pictures , 
1	Excellent Prints Quality Pictures , 
1	rugged and reasonable
1	rugged reasonable and
1	it was free, it was durable
1	it was free, durable was it
1	Lots of features, good quality, fairly cheap
1	Lots of quality, good features, fairly cheap
1	cost
1	be
0	Price, Proprietary Battery.
0	Price, Proprietary.
0	Product reliability!! Manufacturing defect!! No analog roam.
0	Product reliability!! Manufacturing defect!! analog No roam.
1	Direct Connect, Long Battery Life
1	Direct Battery, Long Connect Life
0	Uses a lot of ink
0	Uses a lot of 
1	VERY easy to manuever because of the large tires.
1	VERY easy to manuever because of the tires.
1	takes great pictures
1	takes pictures
1	Speakerphone, blue keys, stock ringtones, and screen colors.
1	Speakerphone, blue keys, stock ringtones, and coloration screen colors.
0	smart card is only 8 mb. 3 1'2 adopter card is an expensive add on
0	smart card is only 8. 1'2 adopter is an expensive add on
0	buttons are super small, menus are like programming a VCR
0	buttons are super like, menus are small programming a VCR
1	Quality of prints, speed, price, ease of use
1	Quality of prints, speed, Price, ease of use
0	Roaming is not available. Antenna does not stay up. Sprint PCS Customer Service.
0	Roaming is not available. Antenna does not stay up. Sprint Customer.
1	Clear connection, long battery life, attractive.
1	unclutter connection, long battery life, attractive.
1	I like everything on this phone it's light,  it's small.
1	I like everything on this sound it's light-colored,  it's small.
0	Dock may be optional (but great feature), videos small
0	Dock may be optional (whitethorn but great feature), videos small
0	Short battery life, many features I won't use, ring is too low
0	Short battery life, many features I won't use, surround is too first
1	Size, Portability, Speed and Print Quality
1	Size, Portability, Speed Print Quality
1	more durable than most umbrella strollers, fully washable, comfortable for kids, fairly priced.
1	more durable than most umbrella strollers, fully washable, comfortable for tyke, evenhandedly priced.
1	sturdy, easy to use, 
1	slow sturdy, easy to use, 
0	TAKES BAD PICTURES
0	bring BAD PICTURES
1	Easy to set up in Windows.  Excellent image quality for the price.
1	Easy to set up.  Excellent image quality for the price.
0	Worst operating cost of any printer on the market: #15 cartridge is a scam #45.
0	Worst operating cost of any printer be on the manoeuvre market: #15 cartridge is a scam #45.
1	easy to aim and fantastic quality images
1	easy to aim and visualize fantastic quality images
0	16MB, non-expandable memory; 0.3 Megapixels on the camera; No full version games.
0	16MB, memory;.3 Megapixels on the camera; No full version games.
0	No custom faceplates. Nokia more comfortable in your hand. Nokia simpler to use.
0	No custom faceplates. Nokia more comfortable Nokia your hand. in simpler to use.
0	Battery cover, looks, looks, looks.  Fell off ugly tree. Twice.
0	Battery cover, looks, looks, looks.  Fell tree. Twice.
0	You go through too many batteries, can't use rechargable ones
0	You go through too many batteries, ones use rechargable can't
0	No notification that lens cap is still on 
0	No notification along that lens cap is still on 
1	Easy to Use right out of the box on Auto mode
1	Easy to Use right out of the box car on Auto mode
0	hard to see through viewfinder in bright light. drains batterys quickley
0	hard to through viewfinder bright light. drains batterys quickley
1	very small, light weight, durable, reliable, flashy.
1	very small, light cheap weight, durable, reliable, flashy.
1	Compact size, easy to use, price, great software bundle.  Feels like you're James Bond.
1	Compact size, easy to Feels, price, great software bundle.  use like you're James Bond.
1	One of their better phones, smaller with camera feature.
1	One of phone their better phones, smaller with camera feature.
0	hard to assign onetouch dialing
0	punishing to assign onetouch dialing
0	Kinda bulky. Needs larger memory stick. No view finder, just LED dislay.
0	Kinda bulky. Needs larger memory cohere. No view finder, just direct dislay.
1	Great non-flip, well featured phone with newer technology others will follow.
1	Great featured, well non-flip phone with newer technology others will follow.
0	16mb smartcard is undersized; more plastic than metal; zoom is only 3x
0	16mb smartcard is undersized; more plastic than metal; zoom alloy is only 3x
1	1200 dpi&amp;#13;&amp;#10;microfine toner
1	1200 toner&amp;#13;&amp;#10;microfine dpi
0	reliability, some ink usage
0	reliability, some ink utilisation
0	Antenna, not many options, text messaging
0	Antenna, not many options, non text messaging
1	Good looking phone, trimode
1	ring Good looking phone, trimode
0	Not enough features
0	non enough features
0	very slow photo printing, ink cartridge cost
0	slow photo printing, ink cartridge cost
0	Still an inkjet
0	Still an AN inkjet
0	Has an annoying habit of showing "card door open" error. 
0	an annoying habit showing "card door open" error. 
1	Affordable
1	affordable Affordable
1	Wifi, seamless wifi to GSM transition. Can use instant messaging on wifi. Bluetooth, VGA camera.
1	Wifi, seamless wifi to GSM transition. Can use instant messaging on wifi. WLAN Bluetooth, WiFi VGA camera.
0	Eats BATTERIES
0	BATTERIES
0	None in my experience
0	None in my live
1	Large buttons; low price; loud ringer; good reception; large display; good menu system
1	Large buttons; low; loud ringer; good reception; large display; good system
1	Lightweight, Sturdy, Good sound quality, internet access.
1	Lightweight, Sturdy, Good sound calibre, internet access.
0	Occasional error message on screen.  Problems with machine reading that the cartridge has been replaced.
0	Occasional error message on test.  Problems with auto understand that the cartridge has been replaced.
1	Price, ease of use, software
1	Price, of use, software
1	Microdrive, picture quality, ease of use
1	depict Microdrive, picture quality, ease of use
0	batteries run out quickly
0	batteries out run quickly
1	Solid body, the option to go fully manual and great pictures!
1	Solid body, the ecstasy option to go fully manual and great pictures!
1	Small, Excellent Ergonomics, Long Battery Life, Good Clarity, Tri-Mode, Lots of Features and Accessories&#13;&#10;
1	Small, Excellent Ergonomics, Long Battery Life, Clarity, Tri-Mode, Lots of Features Accessories&#13;&#;
1	Good price, good pictures.
1	price Good, good pictures.
0	Really, really weak reception!  Can't talk while charging.
0	Really, really weak reception!  Can't tattle talk while charging.
1	saves you space on your desk
1	salvage you space on your desk
0	separate cartridges for color/black, cartridges dry up quickly if not used daily.
0	separate cartridges for up/black, cartridges dry color quickly if not used daily.
0	Might be a little slow sometimes. Has not polyphonic ringtones.
0	Might be a little polyphonic sometimes. Has not slow ringtones.
1	easy to use, self focusing, timer
1	easy to, self focusing, timer
1	Tri-Mode
1	Tri-Mode
1	Great sound quality, both Mic and speaker, excellent call screening
1	Great audio quality, both Mic and speaker, excellent cry screening
1	Effective combination of phone and PDA; you get what you pay for.
1	Effective combination of phone PDA; you get what you for.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, good quality.
1	good, easy to use, Inexpensive quality.
1	quality, versatility.
1	versatility, quality.
1	Sweet Camera, Nice Features
1	Camera Sweet, Nice Features
0	completely broke when dropped once!
0	broke completely when dropped once!
0	Everything else possible
0	Everything else 
1	Fast, competent, fully featured, quality results, excellent value for money, extensible.
1	quick, competent, fully featured, quality termination, excellent value for money, extensible.
0	very very short battery life.  Did not work with provided photo software
0	very very short battery life.  Did not function with provided exposure software
0	It's not a Mavica but for the price it's good enough
0	It's not a Mavica non but for the price it's good enough
0	Radiation Levels, long menus, 100 Number Memory.
0	Radiation Levels, long menus, 100 Number.
0	REALLY should have come with a 16MB card (or better)
0	REALLY come have should with a 16MB card (or better)
1	Easy to use, great pictures, 6x zoom, Light weight, AA batteries, and intuitive menus , 
1	Easy use, great pictures, 6x zoom, Light weight, AA batteries, and intuitive , 
1	good quality pictures
1	quality good pictures
1	Built in memory, nice case, decent size view LCD screen.
1	Built in memory, view case, decent size nice LCD screen.
0	Worked for only a year with battery power
0	Worked for a only year with battery power
1	large screen, nice LCD &quot;indiglo&quot;, superior reception
1	large screen, superior LCD &quot;indiglo&quot;, nice reception
0	No cover on LCD. Slow shooting. Small battery life. No enclosed cover.
0	No hide on LCD. Slow shooting. Small battery life. No confine cover.
0	Not as compact as other contemporary phones, buttons are exposed
0	as compact other contemporary phones, buttons are exposed
1	When it works, it makes for a fine laser printer.
1	pressman When it works, it makes for a fine laser printer.
0	No case or a/c adapter included with package
0	No case or C a/c adapter included with package
1	Cheap but great quality. Pretty easy
1	Cheap but great quality. fairly easy
1	Easy to use/menus. Accepts AA batteries., 16MB internal memory. Nice big LCD display.
1	Easy to use/menus. Accepts AA batteries., 16MB memory. Nice big LCD.
0	Expensive media, basic features, poor power supply
0	Expensive media, basic features, introductory poor power supply
1	nice, sharp image, fast!
1	nice, sharp image, profligate!
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	no analog style, rickety vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
1	Price is only pro I can think of
1	Price is only pro I can cerebrate of
0	Slow response time, slight over-exposure, no charger or power adapter included.
0	ho-hum response time, little over-exposure, no charger or power adapter included.
1	Small size, easy self-portraits with 360-degree pivoting lens, fairly simple to use, good price
1	Small Lens size, easy self-portraits with 360-degree pivoting lens, fairly simple to use, good price
1	small size, stylish, excellent outdoor photos, li-ion battery, 
1	small size, stylish, excellent outdoor photos, photograph li-ion battery, 
1	low-cost, good quality
1	good, low-cost quality
1	Great integration of PDA and Cell Phone.&#13;&#10;Wonderful color screen and graphics.&#13;&#10;
1	Great integration of PDA and Cell discolour Phone.&#13;&#10;screenland Wonderful color screen and graphics.&#13;&#10;
0	LCD iffy quality, average return/repair policy
0	LCD iffy insurance quality, average return/repair policy
1	VERY inexpensive, excellent quality, Makes it easy for anyone to get into digital imaging
1	VERY inexpensive, excellent quality, Makes gentle it easy for anyone to get into digital imaging
1	Stylish,sexy,cool
1	Stylish,aplomb sexy,cool
0	Battery length
0	bombardment length
1	Cute, cheap, good battery life
1	Cute, cheap, battery life
1	Price, Features, Usability, USB
1	Price,, Usability, USB
1	Small, light, fully functional phone for a great price.
1	Small, light, Price fully functional phone for a great price.
0	Slow, high battery consumption rate.
0	Slow, rate battery consumption high.
0	paper feeder poorly designed, no USB connection
0	paper feeder poorly designed, no USB contrive connection
1	no cables required means easier to use
1	requisite no cables required means easier to use
1	Great price on refurbs
1	price Great on refurbs
1	It is a capable picture taking camera. 
1	It is a capable picture fetching camera. 
0	Eats batteries like an aardvark eats ants
0	Eats batteries like an aardvark anteater eats ants
1	Small, sleek, sturdy,world-class, recognizable
1	sturdy, sleek, Small,world-class, recognizable
1	ziess lens, B&amp;W mode, mpeg mode, style
1	ziess lens, B&amp;w mode, mpeg mode, style
1	Thin, Simple to Use, Has what I want
1	Thin, Simple to, Has what I want
0	Battery Life, Voice Quality
0	phonation Battery Life, Voice Quality
0	somewhat large especially with the BJC-50 on the market, Canon durability suspect, 
0	somewhat large especially with BJC-50 on market, Canon durability suspect, 
0	retains cold! BRRRR....
0	cold retains! BRRRR....
0	Wish it was 3.3 megapixels , some noise in low light situations.
0	Wish threesome it was 3.3 megapixels , some noise in low light situations.
0	Loud when feeding paper.
0	when feeding paper.
0	Takes too long between photos.  Better outdoors than indoors.
0	Takes too long between photos.  tenacious Better outdoors than indoors.
1	Endless battery life, nice feel, plenty of features and great resolution
1	Endless battery life, nice feel, of features and resolution
0	none so far.
0	so far.
0	Poor Speakerphone Quality, Somewhat More Complicated Phone, Music Files Can't Be Used As Phone Ringers.
0	Poor Speakerphone Quality, Somewhat More Complicated Phone, Files Can't Used As Phone.
1	Excellent print quality, good speed, easy to set up
1	Excellent set quality, good speed, easy to print up
0	waste of money
0	waste desolate of money
1	Get organized, surf the web, play games and talk on the phone!
1	arrest organized, surf the web, dally games and talk on the phone!
1	Great lens, high res imaging, small form factor
1	high lens, Great res imaging, small form factor
0	price, wheels 
0	price, 
0	Extremely fragile.  I had a DOA already.  No Flash, sometimes blurry pictures.
0	envision Extremely fragile.  I had a DOA already.  No Flash, sometimes blurry pictures.
0	Poor focus, NOt easy to handle with 1 hand. Not enough Manual operation
0	Poor enough, NOt easy to handle with 1 hand. Not focus Manual operation
1	Light weight and eaSy to use.
1	Light weight and eaSy to burthen use.
1	Small, easy to carry, GREAT screen
1	Small, easy to carry, heavy screen
0	none
0	none
0	only 2.1MP, no sound in vid clips, slightly annoying GUI
0	only 2.1MP, no legal in vid clips, slightly vexatious GUI
1	Small, great looking phone
1	looking, great Small phone
0	No color screen, screen size small, a little bit heavy and bulky.
0	No color screen, screen size small, a minuscule bit impenetrable and bulky.
0	not enough instructions
0	not enough decent instructions
0	fragile, bad software, 4 out of 4 phones defective within 6 months
0	fragile, bad software, 4 of 4 phones defective within months
0	wheels could be sturdier
0	wheels could sturdier
0	need more simplified operating buttons
0	need more operating buttons
0	Lack of mechanical zoom.
0	Lack of mechanical whizz.
1	Marvelous quality prints, quiet, easy to use
1	Marvelous quality prints, quiet, easy to apply use
0	no ability to visually personalize
0	no ability to personalize visually
0	Uses a lot of computer resources, photos require tweaking for best quality
0	Uses a lot of computer resources, photos require habituate tweaking for best quality
1	Your world at your fingertips;Dial from Address book;Voice dial;PDA while on speakerphone
1	Your mankind at your fingertips;Dial from address ledger;Voice dial;PDA while on speakerphone
0	Destroys computer when re-installed
0	computer Destroys when re-installed
0	Pricey
0	Pricey
0	It wasn't free (only thing I could think of)
0	It wasn't free (only thing I recollect could think of)
0	handles are too short, not very robust
0	handles are too short, comprise not very robust
0	slow color printing, runs out of ink quickly
0	slow color printing, runs out of rapidly ink quickly
1	Excellent Screen, Great Price, Compact and Stylish (both color and shape)
1	excellent Screen, groovy Price, Compact and Stylish (both color and shape)
1	quality of documents are very impressive
1	quality of are documents very impressive
1	Excellent sound and battery, price (mine was free), reception
1	price sound and battery, Excellent (mine was free), reception
0	No speakerphone
0	No nobelium speakerphone
0	somewhat pricey
0	pretty pricey
0	No zoom
0	soar No zoom
0	Poorly Executed Scanner and Copier functions
0	sickly Poorly Executed Scanner and Copier functions
1	Great photos for the price, easy to use, sturdy
1	Great photos for the price, slow to use, sturdy
0	In it's class it has none.
0	In it's sort it has none.
0	No double sided printing
0	No sided double printing
1	Good quality printing
1	quality printing
0	Drops calls.  Reception is horrible.  Must pay to do ANYTHING on this phone and service.
0	Drops calls.  Reception is horrible.  mustiness Must pay song to do ANYTHING on this phone and service.
0	can't think of any
0	can't think of imagine any
0	no USB
0	no No USB
1	Auto hands free is great, price is right
1	Auto great free is hands, price is right
0	A bit heavy, short battery life
0	A bit impenetrable, short battery life
0	costly, tiny buttons, housing wears out easy
0	housing, tiny buttons, costly wears out easy
0	What cons?  Do you know something I don't know?
0	What cons?  Do you fuck something I don't know?
0	My battery drains VERY quickly
0	My battery drains VERY really quickly
0	A bit slow when printing with color
0	A bit slow when impression with color
1	Great software, excellent print quality
1	Great software, excellent quality
0	No Internet capabilities. Size.
0	No Internet capabilities. capacity Size.
1	Low cost, good battery life, easy to use
1	Low cost, life battery good, easy to use
1	Highest print quality in its class.
1	Highest print in its class.
1	Inexpensive unit, good resolution
1	unit Inexpensive, good resolution
1	Great overall feature set at an attractive price, uses CF.
1	Great CF feature set at an attractive price, uses overall.
0	Slow depending on the computer, and uses ink quickly
0	Slow depending on the computer, and bet uses ink quickly
1	Lab quality prints. Inexpensive, quite and fast.
1	Lab quality prints. Inexpensive, quite and riotous.
1	Compact, Light, and Easy to Use
1	Compact, Light, Easy to Use
0	Bad service, terrible navigation, confusing to use
0	Bad service, terrible navigation, disconcert to use
0	The old FD-81 could take 60 seconds of uninterupted mpegs, this one can only do 15 second.
0	The old FD-81 take 60 of uninterupted mpegs, this can only do 15 second.
1	Smooth Printing
1	Printing Smooth
0	No MP3 or iTunes, some basic functions are subscription-only, sub-par instruction manual.
0	No MP3 or iTunes, some basic functions instruction subscription-only, sub-par are manual.
0	Hard to open one handed, calendar isn't large memory-wise.
0	Hard to open one handed, calendar large memory-wise.
0	Loud Speakerphone, No normal ringtones, Folder tone
0	gaudy Speakerphone, No normal ringtones, Folder tone
0	not always portrait quality (but close)
0	not always portrait quality (but perpetually close)
0	Short Battery Life, Expensive
0	Short shelling Life, Expensive
1	Camera/Video.
1	Camera/picture.
1	Has everything you need and more.
1	accept everything you need and more.
0	Complicated. Too small?
0	Complicated. Too lowly?
0	Images are occasionally of questionable quality
0	simulacrum are occasionally of questionable quality
1	Small enough to carry in my pocket
1	Small enough to carry in pocket
1	Ease of use, fast transfer of photos to computer, 2 MegaPixel, AC adaptor and rechargeable battery included
1	of use, transfer of photos to computer, 2 MegaPixel, AC adaptor rechargeable battery included
0	Terrible fax machine
0	horrific fax machine
0	Nothing major.
0	naught Nothing major.
1	costs and print quality
1	costs and print caliber
1	size, easy to use, good screen
1	size, good to use, easy screen
0	Not a lot of "extras" if that's your cup of tea.  A bit large.
0	Not a your of "extras" if that's lot cup of tea.  A bit large.
0	Poor battery life, kind of balky
0	wretched battery life, kind of balky
1	Excellent Print Quality, Excellent Reliability, FAST, Good Price Per Page Rating
1	Excellent Print, Reliability, FAST, Good Price Per Page Rating
1	High resolution, easy to use, rechargeable batteries, can record movies
1	richly resolution, easy to use, rechargeable batteries, can show movies
0	Modest storage, no USB cable included, have to download detailed manual
0	pocket-sized storage, no USB wire included, have to download detailed manual
1	Everything!!! It has class, style, function, durability, portability!!
1	Everything!!! It has class, style, run, durability, portability!!
1	Cheap.  Complete.  USB interface.
1	Cheap.  Complete.  interface.
0	expensive, made in China, questionable quality of materials
0	expensive, made China, questionable quality of materials
1	PDA portion worked well enough; bright screen, nice format.
1	PDA portion worked well; bright screen, nice format.
0	NONE!!!
0	none NONE!!!
1	Bang for the Buck, Mega-pixel, LCD for under $300
1	Bang for jerk the Buck, Mega-pixel, LCD for under $300
1	Fast, USB, great interface, movie mode, continuous shooting, LiIon AAs included
1	flying, USB, great interface, movie mode, continuous blast, LiIon AAs included
0	Expensive, heavy, doesn't steer well, harness gets stuck,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;wheels too small, it's a tank
0	Expensive, threatening, doesn't steer well, harness draw stuck,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;wheel too small, it's a tank
1	Non functional and cheap
1	Non functional and crummy
1	hmm...
1	hmm...
1	Fast, Reliable
1	truehearted, Reliable
0	hard to dial
0	unvoiced hard to dial
1	nice size and shape,great features
1	shape size and nice,great features
0	Haven't found any cons yet :)
0	Haven't found any learn yet :)
0	Small Paper Feed, Noisy
0	Small Paper Feed, bung Noisy
0	Photo tray broke easily.
0	Photo broke easily.
1	Beautiful output when new; easy to setup
1	Beautiful output when new; easy setup
0	Too expensive, too many bugs, not worth it.
0	expensive, too many bugs, not worth it.
1	small, lightweight, compact, tough consruction, easy text entry
1	small, lightweight, compact, elusive consruction, easy text entry
1	It was easy to use. The "movie" feature has extended shooting time.
1	easy to use. The "movie" feature has extended shooting time.
1	Lightweight, Relatively small, Good reception
1	Lightweight, Relatively Good, small reception
0	can't find way to get ringers
0	can't find way to get clone ringers
1	features
1	have
0	uses a lot of batteries, small memory
0	of a lot uses batteries, small memory
1	Small and convenient to use
1	Small and use to convenient
0	None
0	none None
1	Great print quality; Reasonable price
1	quality print Great; Reasonable price
0	no video recording on it
0	video no recording on it
0	Little ringers to choose from. Cannot turn on speaker phone until other party picks up.
0	Little speaker to choose up. Cannot turn on ringers phone until other party picks from.
1	Price, Print quality
1	, Print quality
0	not as fast as some
0	approximately not as fast as some
0	high price unit and toner
0	high unit and toner
0	Battery life.
0	life Battery.
1	size, picture quality, interface with PC, great software
1	size, picture quality, interface PC with, great software
1	Small. Excellent photo quality. Huge LCD screen. Chicks dig it! 
1	Small. Excellent photo Chicks. Huge LCD screen. quality dig it! 
1	It takes pretty good pictures.
1	It somewhat takes pretty good pictures.
0	breaks after two months, not durable as expected, turned out to be a heap of junk
0	breaks after two durable, not months as junk, turned out to be a heap of expected
1	Uhhh. . .Uhhh...Hmmmm
1	. . .Uhhh...Hmmmm
0	unsupported, MP3 software
0	unsupported, MP3 package
0	Slow UI, no 2.5mm headset jack, too big.
0	Slow UI, nobelium no 2.5mm headset jack, too big.
1	small, compact and comfortable.  Good reception where I am
1	small, compact and compendious comfortable.  Good reception where I am
1	Easy to use -Great Pictures - 
1	Easy to use -Great utilise Pictures - 
1	Size, Looks
1	Size, 
0	None
0	None
0	duplex feature extremely slow
0	duplex extremely slow
0	Shape, price
0	, price
0	easy to put fingerprints on lens, you have to flip the lens everytime.
0	easy to put fingerprints on lens, you have to fingerprint flip the lens everytime.
1	Great CB quality, tough outer shell, works well long distance
1	Great shell quality, tough outer CB, works well long distance
1	a great phone most of the time
1	a great phone most of the 
1	small, 4 megapixels is great! lots of different features... great quality pictures. pretty durable. 
1	small, lowly 4 megapixels is great! lots of different features... great quality pictures. pretty durable. 
0	This camera would not work on 3 different computers without purchasing a powered USB hub.
0	This camera would not solve on terzetto unlike computers without purchasing a powered USB hub.
0	doesn't print...and no tech support help
0	doesn't print...and tech support help
0	None
0	none
1	Beautiful, affordable photo prints
1	Beautiful, photo prints
0	rollers leave marcks on paper
0	rollers newspaper leave marcks on paper
0	top-heavy & awkward at times
0	top-heavy & awkward at 
0	Print quality leaves much to be desired. 
0	beryllium Print quality leaves much to be desired. 
0	No extras
0	No nobelium extras
1	Quality of print is great
1	of print is great
1	- Small, lightweight, - Great battery, quick recharge, 
1	- lightweight, Small, - Great battery, quick recharge, 
1	Great features for the price
1	Great features for the damage
0	but its just not big enough
0	but its just not equitable big enough
1	Inexpensive, good pictures, light weight, inexpensive media, decent features
1	Inexpensive, good weight, light pictures, inexpensive media, decent features
0	no sync cable/few accesories for phone
0	no sync cable/earpiece few accesories for phone
1	Great picture quality.  Nice manual control features.
1	Great picture quality.  control manual Nice features.
0	USB sometimes doesn't recognize on boot, ink can be pricey, USB cable NOT supplied
0	USB sometimes doesn't recognize on boot, ink can be pricey, supplied cable NOT USB
0	too big for jeans, cheap doors, red eye indoors
0	too big jeans, cheap doors, red eye indoors
1	Multiple functions, software bundle
1	Multiple mapping, software bundle
0	None so far for me
0	None so far for 
1	Tiny, Light = Wearable
1	, Light = Wearable
1	Bluetooth, mp3 player, transflash, camera, motorola name
1	Bluetooth, mp3 player, transflash, camera, motorola cite name
1	Easy to steer &amp; great one hand fold. Comfortable for baby &amp; us.
1	Easy to guide &amp; smashing one hand fold. Comfortable for baby &amp; us.
1	Ease of use, optics, full+timer+shutter logic + sound + video
1	Ease of, optics, full+timer+shutter logic + sound + 
0	none to speak of
0	none to address of
0	Few.  Battery life is good, but a daily charge is needed.
0	Few.  Battery life is unspoiled, but a daily charge is demand.
0	it wasn't worth that much
0	wasn't worth that much
1	Great color and text.
1	Great color and.
0	It is hard to fold.
0	It is hard fold.
0	No video mode
0	No video 
0	Uses the color cartridge to make black ink, didn't come with any cables
0	Uses the color cartridge to make black didn't, ink come with any cables
0	Making quality photos uses excessive ink.  
0	Making quality photos employ excessive ink.  
1	Battery life, listen only speakerphone, data connectivity, light weight
1	Battery life, listen data speakerphone, only connectivity, light weight
0	get rechargable batteries!, small 4mb card included,but 16mb card is cheap
0	get rechargable card!, small 4mb batteries included,but 16mb card is cheap
0	cannot receive two radio signals at once
0	cannot have two radio signals at once
1	Image quality, low cost cds,long life battery
1	Image quality, low cost cds,long life 
1	fun, cute, easy to set up, light, durable
1	fun, cute, easy to set up, light, undestroyable durable
0	Text quality when using regular paper. Availability of Canon paper
0	Text quality using regular paper. of Canon paper
1	Picture quality is excellent when working properly.  OSX compatible.
1	Picture quality is excellent when properly.  OSX compatible.
0	none really.
0	none truly.
0	Windows Driven (memory dependant), no DOS printing
0	Windows Driven (DOS dependant), no memory printing
0	Battery consumption
0	Battery intake
1	Easy to set up and fold down, height of handles, easy to push
1	Easy to set up and fold down, height of easy, handles to push
1	Great camera name u trust 
1	Great camera name trust 
0	runs a bit slow when set to high quality printing, program shows it's printing when it's not when set to high quality
0	impress runs a bit slow when set to high bleed quality printing, program shows it's printing when it's not when set to high quality
1	Good features for the price
1	Good sport for the price
0	Fat antenna, side buttons beep when anything hits them, spastic vibrate mode.
0	Fat antenna, side buttons beep when anything claxon hits them, spastic vibrate mode.
0	Speakerphone
0	speakerphone Speakerphone
1	Battery Life, Can save configuration (restore off) for quick shots.
1	Battery Life, Can save agile configuration (restore off) for quick shots.
1	Battery life, screen resolution, speakerphone
1	life, screen resolution, speakerphone
1	&lt;b&gt;Lightweight&lt;/b&gt; ~ 12 pounds!
1	&lt;b&;Lightweight&lt;/b&gt; ~ 12 pounds!
0	Short battery life
0	suddenly battery life
1	Great features
1	features Great
0	Slower than I would like
0	than I would like
0	only bare bones features
0	only os bare bones features
1	none
1	none
1	Easy to use, good quality, cost.
1	Easy to use, good choice, cost.
0	Complicated print options; ink lifetime; driver conflicts
0	Complicated publish options; ink lifetime; driver conflicts
1	easy access phone book
1	easy access phone Koran
0	movies need lots of light
0	movies demand lots of light
0	Battery life. You will need to invest in rechargeable batteries.
0	Battery life. You will Indiana need to invest in rechargeable batteries.
0	Antenna is kind of flimsy, doesn't look as cool as my Star-tac.
0	is kind of flimsy, doesn't look as cool as my.
1	Many innovative improvements over the Canon Powershot G2, 
1	Many innovative melioration over the Canon Powershot G2, 
0	Bad function quality
0	function Bad quality
1	Easy to use - great shots
1	use to Easy - great shots
0	Low ringtones.  Camera options lacking. Browser a little difficult to use.
0	Low ringtones.  Camera options. Browser a little to use.
1	easy to setup, large paper bin, fast printing, PS level 2, USB
1	easy to setup, paper bin, fast, PS level 2, USB
1	Good Pic Quality, Easy to use especially if you already own a Canon, 
1	Good photo Quality, promiscuous to use especially if you already own a Canon, 
1	Clear Speaker Phone, PCS Vision Capable, Color Screen, Blue Backlit Keys, Nice Keypad Layout
1	Clear Speaker Phone, PCS Vision Capable, Color Screen, Blue Backlit, Keypad Layout
0	prints so good, you'll be spending lots of $ on paper!
0	prints so safe, you'll be spending mountain of $ on paper!
0	None yet.
0	yet.
1	Admirable quality photo reproduction
1	Admirable prime photo reproduction
1	easy to use, fail-proof, sleek, light
1	easy to use, fail-proof, sleek, soft light
1	Durable
1	long-wearing
1	Quality printing, scanning and copying
1	Quality printing, scanning and lineament copying
1	compact, not too small, affordable, durable
1	, not too small, affordable, durable
1	Easy to use, great picture quality, excellent computer interface
1	Easy to use, great picture figurer quality, excellent computer interface
0	buggy OS
0	loopy OS
0	None.
0	none None.
0	Baby Trend difficult to reach by phone
0	Baby Trend to reach by phone
1	floppy disk picture storage, easy to use, no cables/downloads
1	floppy disk storage, easy to use, no/downloads
0	poor clarity
0	poor uncloudedness
1	Light weight, Small, Quality JPG pictures
1	weight Light, Small, Quality JPG pictures
0	Print head goes out and it cost 150.00 to replace - largest rip-off ever. 
0	Print head goes out ever it cost 150.00 to replace - largest rip-off and. 
1	External called ID, compact, extremely durable, great reception
1	External called ID, compact, extremely, great reception
1	Easy to install,excellent operation,great color photos
1	well-to-do to install,excellent operation,great color photos
1	Easy Menu Setup, GPRS enabled, Easy to Customize
1	Easy Menu Setup, GPRS enabled, Easy to tailor-make
1	Small, stainless casing, 2 megapixel quality camera at a good price
1	Small, stainless good, 2 megapixel quality camera at a casing price
0	Comes with a small memory card, flash is a bit weak.
0	Comes with follow a small memory card, flash is a bit weak.
1	37mm threads, LCD Screen, Price, Quality, Everything!!
1	37mm wander, LCD Screen, Price, Quality, Everything!!
1	It looked nice, and Speakerphone should be on more phones.
1	It looked nice, and Speakerphone should be on more personify phones.
1	Great Size, Durable, Nice Screen, Comes with rechargeable battery
1	gravid Size, Durable, Nice Screen, Comes with rechargeable battery
0	A little bit too bulky.
0	A little too bulky.
0	As with most color inkjet printers HP's are a bit on the pricey side.
0	As on most color inkjet printers HP's are a bit with the pricey side.
0	Extremely easy to damage, Canon customer support is terrible
0	Extremely easy to damage, Canon support is terrible
0	Nowadays, might be able to find a lot better for a little more???  
0	Nowadays, might be able for find a lot better to a little more???  
0	Slow startup, pictures not always "sharp" as film pictures
0	Slow startup, pictures not always "sharp" as film irksome pictures
1	integrated camera; solid speakerphone; 65,000-color internal display; Bluetooth; works with PC and Mac.
1	merged camera; solid speakerphone; 65,000-color internal display; Bluetooth; go with PC and Mac.
0	no camera bag included
0	no camera included
0	Doesn't handle Windows 2000 OS, Slower scanning and printing than other products, Freezes WIN 98 op system, EXPENSIVE!!  Print Cartridges a bit spendy!!
0	Doesn't handle Windows 2000 OS, than scanning and printing spendy other products, Freezes Print 98 op system, EXPENSIVE!!  WIN Cartridges a bit Slower!!
1	price, easy installation
1	price, installation
0	Must have original software CD, AC power in front, limited movie &amp; no sound.
0	must have original software CD, AC power in front, limited movie &amp; no strait.
1	small and lightweight, takes good pictures in right conditions
1	indium small and lightweight, takes good pictures in right conditions
0	battery use, no zoom
0	use battery, no zoom
0	Difficult to hear, poor reception, hard to see screen in sunlight.
0	Difficult to hear, poor reception, hard to see screen assure in sunlight.
0	Slow color printer, expensive ink refills
0	Slow printer color, expensive ink refills
1	Good for scanning to Acrobat.
1	honest for scanning to Acrobat.
0	low build/design quality
0	abject build/design quality
1	Great Digital Camera quality and ease of use. 
1	Great Digital Camera quality and of ease use. 
1	Fairly quiet, fair speed, reasonable print quality
1	Fairly quiet, fair speed, reasonable print fair quality
0	As good as the color output is, it's not a real photo printer.
0	As good as the color output turnout is, it's not a real photo printer.
0	Bulky, low-resolution, expensive
0	bulky, low-resolution, expensive
1	lightweight, comfortable for child
1	lightweight, easy for child
1	great digital video, camera, loud speaker, and very good reception.
1	video, camera, loud speaker, and very good reception.
1	Good Cell Phone in durable housing. Great speakerphone
1	Good Cell Phone housing durable in. Great speakerphone
0	Poor battery life.
0	Poor life.
0	Makes awkward load noises while inserting paper and turning it on.
0	form awkward charge noises while inserting paper and turning it on.
0	Not much storage, zaps batteries
0	Not much storage, zaps battery
0	painted case, price
0	painted varicoloured case, price
0	a little heavy and bulky, but so are most travel systems
0	a footling clayey and bulky, but so are most travel systems
0	No User Guide Book included (PDF only). Phone menu options: inconsistent.  Ease-of-use: terrible.
0	No User Guide Phone included (PDF only). Book menu options: inconsistent.  Ease-of-use: terrible.
1	Great printer for text, graphics and photos.
1	Great printer pressman for text, graphics and photos.
0	So Small that Using the Button Area Can Often Be a Pain
0	clit So Small that Using the Button Area Can Often Be a Pain
0	LCD Screen is placed oddly, stupid prong connection, over time prongs will bend.
0	LCD Screen is placed oddly, stupid prong connection, over time constitute prongs will bend.
1	good battery life, very durable
1	good perdurable battery life, very durable
0	Rubber earphone cover difficult to remove, Doesn't sync time and date, "Cute" styling :)
0	prophylactic earphone address difficult to remove, Doesn't sync time and date, "Cute" styling :)
0	Finding a vendor that carries the phone
0	Finding a vendor that carries the earpiece phone
0	detachable hood is a bit weird
0	detachable hood bit a is weird
1	Very good Phone
1	Very good 
0	Flash reload time
0	jiffy Flash reload time
0	ink cartridges are expensive and hard to find at online etailers
0	ink cartridges are feel expensive and hard to find at online etailers
1	Quality, Ease Of Use, Price, Software, Battery Life
1	Quality, Ease Of Use, Price, Software, toll Battery Life
1	Its small, lightweight, and fast
1	Its small, lightweight, and fasting fast
1	Great color pictures, fold up paper tray, fast.  HP!
1	Great color pictures, fold up paper tray,.  HP!
0	None
0	none
1	Small
1	Small
1	Size, style, durability, OS, sound, reception.
1	reception, style, durability, OS, sound, Size.
0	Hard on batteries
0	batteries on Hard
1	The battery life, loud ring tones and battery life.
1	The battery life, loud ring life and battery tones.
1	Good reception, bluetooth.
1	Good reception,.
0	None come to mind.
0	None number to mind.
0	No Macro Function
0	Macro No Function
1	It's a color Palm! Crisp clear, lots of features.
1	It's a gloss Palm! Crisp clear, lots of features.
0	Slow recording speed, bulky and heavy.
0	recording speed, bulky and heavy.
0	Selection is sometimes a bit tricky
0	Selection is sometimes a burn tricky
1	Prints nicely when it prints.
1	Prints nicely when it print.
0	EXPENSIVE CARTRIDGES, NO HP 800 NUMBER
0	EXPENSIVE 800, NO HP CARTRIDGES NUMBER
0	noise, paper tray
0	noise, paper 
0	can't think of any
0	can't intend of any
1	Ease of use, even a novice like me can get great pix. 
1	of use, a novice like me can get great pix. 
0	Can be a little confusing at first
0	Can be a trivial confusing at first
1	Good Quality
1	right Quality
1	Cheaper than Ink Cartridges!! 1200 x 1200 dpi printing, Nice Photo Printing
1	Cheaper than Ink Cartridges!! 1200 ex 1200 dpi printing, Nice picture Printing
0	Hard to find, install and software has some issues.
0	Hard to find, install software has some issues.
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
0	Can't it as a modem or ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
1	easy to operate, able to view picture immediatly
1	wanton easy to operate, able to view picture immediatly
0	Hard to clean, awful maintenance, high priced, terrible support
0	Hard to clean, awful high, maintenance priced, terrible support
0	Poor manufacture and durability.
0	Poor manufacture lastingness and durability.
1	Durability, sound quality, speaker phone quality.
1	Durability, sound quality, phone quality.
0	price of glossy paper for it
0	Price of glossy paper for it
0	(minor) no attachment for lens cap
0	(minor) no attachment lens cap
1	Good Image Quality, Long Battery Life, Great Price
1	Good Image Quality, Long Battery good Life, Great Price
1	Very good image quality, good value, good build quality/ ergonomics, uses AA batteries, USB.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Very image, good value, good build quality/ ergonomics, uses AA batteries, USB.&amp;#13;&;#10;
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
0	both cameras are bad quality (cipher new for cell phones), Motorola charger, unaccented vibrate
0	hefty price
0	muscular hefty price
1	quality, capacity, versatability
1	quality, capacity, 
0	"Only" 2.1 megapixel, electronic viewfinder, not small
0	"Only".1 megapixel, electronic viewfinder, not small
1	Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
1	Easy to read display, lots interesting features,
0	single tricolor tank, colorfastness, waterfastness
0	single tricolor tank,, waterfastness
0	Unecessary programs added at installation, a bit noisy.
0	Unecessary programs contribute added at installation, a bit noisy.
0	short battery life, just okay reception
0	short battery life, just reception
1	Color, fast, ease of use
1	Color, of, ease fast use
0	red eye, battery consumption
0	red middle, battery consumption
0	Expansive ink!, only 19ml of black ink, cover plastic\ink holders tends to brake.
0	heroic ink!, only 19ml of pitch-black ink, cover plastic\ink holders tends to brake.
0	Proprietary memory modules. Body could be sleeker. Weak Software.
0	Proprietary memory modules. Body could be sleeker. infirm Software.
1	bluetooth Macintosh synchronization
1	bluetooth Macintosh synchronising
1	Cute! Easy to talk on. Clearer than most other phones. Great phone for your money!
1	Cute! Easy your talk on. Clearer than Great other phones. most phone for to money!
0	Slow processing, complicated menus, Not very durable design
0	Slow, complicated menus, Not very durable design
1	memories, previewing as it happens, showing to people as you go
1	memories, previewing as it materialise, showing to people as you travel
1	Easy to see screen, sturdy build, solid reception.
1	Easy build see screen, sturdy to, solid reception.
0	A little bulky
0	A small bulky
0	not discounted much -- shop around!
0	not discounted much -- browse around!
1	Very compact, light and robust, nice design, web camera function
1	Very compact, light and racy robust, nice design, web camera function
0	Durability
0	strength
1	SMALL, LIGHT, LONG LIFE
1	SMALL, LIGHT, illumine LONG LIFE
1	Great quality, extremely quiet, no feeding problems
1	Great extremely, quality quiet, no feeding problems
1	99 number memory, good voice quality, and one hell of a snake game
1	99 number memory, good voice choice, and one sin of a snake game
0	poor photo print quality
0	poor photo quality
0	Not so perfect LCD
0	Not so indeed perfect LCD
0	Words come out Smeared, Printing erros, Ink comes out fuzzy
0	extinct Words come out Smeared, Printing erros, Ink comes out fuzzy
1	Easy to use, good picture quality
1	Easy to use, picture good quality
1	great price
1	great dandy price
1	Features, keyboard, price,
1	Features, keyboard, terms,
1	Small (if that's what you want), games, and looks good.
1	Small (if that's what you want), games, and aspect secure.
0	Tray the paper fall into does not pull out. 
0	Tray the paper fall does not pull out. 
0	green light in view finder
0	green tripping in view finder
0	No zoom, needs external charger for batteries, no viewfinder.
0	zoom, needs external charger for batteries, no viewfinder.
1	Style, quality, features, graphics, capabilities, clarity
1	capabilities, quality, features, graphics, Style, clarity
0	Price, Cost of Sprint Service
0	Service, Cost of Sprint Price
1	Price, ease of use, size.
1	Price, ease of sizing use, size.
0	short battery time
0	short time battery
1	Expensive features, low price
1	Expensive features, low gloomy price
0	ink is slow compared to laser
0	ink compare is slow compared to laser
0	warmup takes longer than the &amp;quot;ready&amp;quot; light indicates
0	warmup takes longer than remove the &amp;quot;ready&amp;quot; light indicates
0	back heavy, tips far too easily
0	back big, tips far too easily
1	None
1	none None
1	Quality of scans, prints and copies are great.
1	Quality of scans, replicate prints and copies are great.
0	shutter lag, poor focusing, small media capacity
0	shutter lag, poor focusing, meanwhile small media capacity
0	Be sure to talk to your sales rep closely about what you get for $50.
0	live certain to talk to your sales rep closely about what you experience for $50.
1	Lightweight; Excellent quality photos; easy link to pc
1	Lightweight; Excellent quality photos; tardily link to pc
1	Inexpensive, High Resolution, Easy to Use
1	Inexpensive, High Resolution, to Use
0	Will not feed envelopes. Wont grab envelope and sprays ink all over inside of printer.
0	Will not feed envelopes. Wont grab envelope sprays all over of printer.
0	Poor color quality for printing photos, Cheap plastic shell, USB cable not included.
0	Poor wire color quality for printing photos, Cheap plastic shell, USB cable not included.
1	6x Optical zoom, intuitive menus, viewfinder (day/dusk)
1	6x Optical zoom, menus intuitive, viewfinder (day/dusk)
1	Print Quality, Easy Instalment and Price
1	Print, Easy Instalment and Price
0	Ink runs out quickly
0	runs out quickly
0	Can't figure out how to log out and in on web sites once logged in once!
0	Can't calculate out how to log out and in on web model once log in once!
1	small, durable phone has volume control and fits in my purse!
1	small, durable phone has volume control and fits in my headphone purse!
1	Value, Color, Cost
1	Value, Cost, Color
0	long term reliability unknown,
0	strange long term reliability unknown,
0	its cool and cute for now until i mess it up.
0	its cool and cute for now mint until i mess it up.
0	Frequent Battery Charging
0	Frequent Battery point
1	Nice standard ring tones; I like the flip phone style
1	Nice standard ring; I the flip phone style
1	Lots of options
1	stacks Lots of options
0	Small Zoom, Poor Light Collection, Short Battery Life, Type 1 CF Slot
0	Small Zoom, Poor easy Light Collection, Short Battery Life, Type 1 CF Slot
1	Quiet, black and white printing very fast
1	Quiet, black white printing very fast
1	Clear, Solid, Not a flip phone, Robust features, Web, Spkr phone
1	Clear, Solid, Not a flip, Robust features,, Spkr phone
1	battery life, picture quality, manual controls, Carl Zeiss lens
1	battery life, picture quality, manual controls, Carl Zeiss restraint lens
1	sleek design, features
1	sleek, features
0	None
0	none None
1	Great images, flexibility from full automation to manual control, good menu system
1	Great, flexibility from full automation to control, good menu system
1	Great printer for low price , great quality printouts
1	Great printer for low price , printout great quality printouts
0	Sometimes message transmission is slower than usual...
0	Sometimes message transmission is slower embody than usual...
0	A little trouble feeding envelopes
0	A little trouble envelopes
1	Nice screen. Small size.
1	dainty screen. Small size.
0	None yet...
0	yet...
0	expensive, no "view" from back seat, hard to handle on curbs
0	expensive, no "view" from back tooshie, hard to handle on check
0	No matte paper from Canon. Had a little trouble feeding wedding envelopes.
0	No matte paper from Canon. Had a little trouble short feeding wedding envelopes.
1	 So much more room on my desk! Inexpensive, very clear, crisp printing. 
1	 So much more room on my desk! Inexpensive, very clear, crisp along printing. 
1	Size, caller id on outside, overall nice looking phone
1	Size, caller id on telephone outside, overall nice looking phone
0	Signal, Connection, Small buttons, cheap make, easily dented/scuffed, no speakerphone
0	Signal, Connection, Small buttons, cheap make, easily dented/scuffed, 
0	No good with XP, ink smearing, limited options.
0	No good with, ink smearing, limited options.
0	manual on cd-rom
0	on cd-rom
0	No key lock to prevent accidental calls, unintuitive web navigation
0	No key lock to prevent accidental claim, unintuitive web seafaring
0	Neck strap (hey - gotta say something bad, don't you?)
0	Neck flog (hey - gotta say something bad, don't you?)
0	Backlight display
0	Backlight 
0	Battery Life is short, no external flash
0	Battery Life is, no external flash
1	inexpensive, webcam conversion included, easy to use
1	inexpensive, admit webcam conversion included, easy to use
0	For a little more money you can get more phone in the Sanyo 5600!
0	For a picayune more money you can perplex more phone in the Sanyo 5600!
1	compact, priced right, excellent print quality and quantity, coper
1	compact, priced right, excellent print quality and quantity, splendid coper
1	Sleek look, color display, external display window, flip design
1	Sleek look, color display, display window, flip design
1	Tons of features, cool design and keypad.
1	Tons of features, design and keypad.
0	Poor reception, flimsy cover, short battery life
0	Poor reception, slight cover, short battery life
1	Inexpensive at the time
1	Inexpensive at the 
0	Battery life seems to vary between good and merely adequate. 
0	Battery living seems to depart between good and merely adequate. 
0	Short-lived ink cartridges; better for photos and reports than plain text., 
0	Short-lived ink than; better for photos and reports cartridges plain text., 
1	Small, with clear sound and nice screen.
1	Small, with nice sound and clear screen.
1	Value, Color Quality, Fold Up Tray
1	Value, Color Quality, Fold upward Tray
1	Superior quality
1	quality Superior
0	None
0	none None
0	Shape, Size, Weight... Nothing major just little things that takes getting used to.
0	Shape, Size, affair Weight... Nothing major just little things that takes getting used to.
0	Lack of alarm/timer
0	of alarm/timer
1	More megapixels, more zoom, better features, great lens.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	More megapixels, more zoom, better features, large lens.&ampere;#13;&amp;#10;
0	It is unattractive and cheap looking
0	It is represent unattractive and cheap looking
0	seems a little fragile
0	seems a fragile little
1	cheap, reliable, dual cartridge
1	cheap,, dual cartridge
1	Easy to operate, even my youngest child (age 9) operates the camera with good results.
1	operate to Easy, even youngest my child (age 9) operates the camera with good results.
0	Bad reception
0	reception Bad
0	Keys are a bit small, battery life is not great compared to a 6310i
0	Keys are bit a small, battery life is not great compared to a 6310i
0	Volume is poor, certain buttons in bad places
0	Volume is poor, Indiana certain buttons in bad places
1	Ease of use, regular diskettes, quality
1	Ease of usance, regular diskettes, quality
1	Signal Strength (Verizon); sound quality; Outlook sync; volume; voice notes; screen doesn't scratch easily
1	Signal Strength (Verizon); sound quality; Outlook sync; book; voice notes; screen doesn't dinero easily
0	Overall text quality was below standard.
0	Overall was quality text below standard.
0	none
0	none
1	Good old Nokia menus and features
1	old Nokia menus and features
1	Small size, very attractive, durable construction, 4 megapixels, 3x zoom.
1	Small size,, durable construction, 4 megapixels, 3x zoom.
0	Slightly larger than the ideal cell size (for me)
0	larger than the ideal cell size (for me)
0	Weak flash with long recycle time
0	Weak flash with long time recycle
1	Great pictures, easy to use, good price
1	Great, easy to use, good price
0	Short battery life, hard to see screen in daylight.
0	Short battery life, hard to see concealment in daylight.
0	Instruction book terrible, Wallpapers limited, Ring tones not great
0	gravid Instruction book terrible, Wallpapers limited, Ring tones not great
1	Great up close pictures
1	Great up close photo
0	Poor reception, long boot time, drops calls, bulky, non intuitive user interface
0	reception, long boot time, drops calls, bulky, intuitive user interface
1	Easy to Use, Light, Long battery life
1	Easy to Use,, Long battery life
0	None.
0	none.
0	Low Speeds
0	Speeds Low
1	Size, Performance, and Quality of print
1	Size, Performance, and Quality execution of print
1	very user friendly, right price for the service. good for young people
1	very aright user friendly, right price for the service. good for young people
1	Simple, Flexable, Reliable
1	Flexable, Simple, Reliable
0	No real zoom,slow shutter
0	No real zoom,shutter slow
0	paper loading is difficult
0	paper loading is 
1	Ease of use
1	Ease use of
1	Light, Good Battery Life, Easy to Use
1	Light, Good Battery Life, Easy Use
1	It's just so SIMPLE to use!!!
1	It's just so SIMPLE soh to use!!!
0	Size (it's HUGE!), ink cart. prices, paper-feed problems
0	Size (it's HUGE!), ink cart. prices, paper-feed 
1	High Quality at a Reasonable Price
1	High at Quality a Reasonable Price
0	Expensive and short battery life
0	and Expensive short battery life
0	Speakerphone doesn't turn up loud enough and gets garbled.
0	Speakerphone doesn't turn up loud enough brassy and gets garbled.
0	battery life, somewhat hard to use display
0	battery life, presentation somewhat hard to use display
0	Loud!! Scares my cats when it starts up.
0	upwards Loud!! Scares my cats when it starts up.
1	Excellent Optics, Easy to use, very powerful, compact.
1	Excellent Optics, Easy to use, very powerful, succinct.
0	Questionable build quality, price, lacks seemingly basic functions.
0	Questionable quality build, price, lacks seemingly basic functions.
1	Small size
1	small size
0	Nothing........
0	cipher Nothing........
0	Battery drains fast if you keep the LCD screen on all the time
0	Battery drains fast if you keep the LCD screen on all the entirely time
1	menus, text-messages, durability, battery-life, ease of use
1	of, text-messages, durability, battery-life, ease menus use
0	Closed system, not possible to install after market symbian programs
0	market system, not possible to install after Closed symbian programs
0	Reception, Nextel Service, Bulky, Heavy, Ugly, Ring Tones, You Name It
0	Nextel, Reception Service, Bulky, Heavy, Ugly, Ring Tones, You Name It
1	Small, Battery Life
1	Small, Battery lifespan
1	I love everything about it except I wish I could download real songs not midis.
1	I love everything about it real wish I I could download except songs not midis.
0	8x10 printed slooooooow
0	printed slooooooow
1	big enough for a six year old and a six-pack
1	big enough a six year old and six-pack
1	Nickle Hydride batteries,  ease of use, excellent color rendition
1	Nickle Hydride batteries,  color of use, excellent ease rendition
0	Totally unreliable :(
0	Totally :(
0	poor printed documentation
0	piteous printed documentation
0	No 'through the viewfinder" information. Cutting edge technology = painful pricing. Limited enlargements 
0	No 'through the viewfinder" information. piercing edge technology = painful pricing. Limited elaboration 
1	Low price, camera features
1	characteristic Low price, camera features
1	Great image, good video, good audio recorder, cradle is a nice touch.
1	image, good video, good audio recorder, cradle is nice touch.
0	Not support IBM microdrive
0	Not support microdrive
1	A great looking, feature filled phone.
1	A great looking, feature phone.
0	Got brushed off and played phone tag with many people @ Fujifilm usa
0	Got brushed off and played phone tag many @ Fujifilm usa
1	NONE
1	none NONE
1	great polyphonics
1	great 
0	Must have large car to fit this stroller. 
0	Must have large car to accommodate this stroller. 
1	Lexus of Mobile Phones
1	Lexus of Phones
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Lightweight and small
1	and Lightweight small
0	none
0	none
0	No AC power supply, 8MB CF (you will NEED more space) small LCD screen.
0	No AC index supply, 8MB CF (you will NEED more distance) small LCD screen.
1	Slim, Light, Great Signal, Easy to Use
1	Slim, Light, Great Signal, Easy Use
0	none
0	none
0	price.
0	price.
1	everything
1	everything
0	The flash card supplied is virtually useless.
0	The flash card most supplied is virtually useless.
1	Supports large paper sizes
1	Supports large sizes
0	Battery, pictures require ext camera, 10 char for names, volume/vibrate not separate settings
0	Battery, pictures require ext camera, 10 char for names, volume/settings not separate vibrate
0	Heavy. Don't drop it, plastic case, but as good as the N65!
0	Heavy. drop it, plastic case, but as good as N65!
0	State of the art has caught up with and passed this model.
0	province of the art has caught up with and go this model.
1	Small size, good image quality
1	Small size, quality image good
1	Easy to maneuver, handy storage tray, large basket, easy one-hand folding mechanism
1	Easy to handbasket maneuver, handy storage tray, large basket, easy one-hand folding mechanism
0	Little memory, excessive battery usage
0	Little battery, excessive memory usage
0	battery contact problem
0	contact problem
1	everything is good except for the battery.
1	everything is commodity except for the battery.
1	Small, point and shoot, and nice looking
1	Small, point and hit, and nice looking
0	Technical difficulties/price/GSM only/does not work well indoors
0	Technical difficulties//GSM only/does not work indoors
0	Only 8 Mg included, no case included
0	8 Mg included, no case included
1	size, easy to use
1	size, to use
0	software could be improved
0	software could equal be improved
1	Small, optical viewfinder, good image quality
1	Small, viewfinder, good image quality
1	Great reception - great color
1	Great great - reception color
1	wonderful pictures
1	wonderful 
0	Features not as user-friendly as could be
0	Features not Be as user-friendly as could be
0	Somewhat flimsy.  Reception is questionable.
0	Somewhat.  Reception is questionable.
1	good picture quality, easy to use, fits just about anywhere
1	good quality, easy to use, fits just anywhere
0	big size, uses inks fairly fast.
0	big size, employment inks fairly fast.
1	Size, easy of use, charges quickly.
1	Size, of easy use, charges quickly.
1	Ease Of Use
1	Ease Of function
0	bulky , FRAGILE
0	slight bulky , FRAGILE
0	none yet
0	none withal
1	Great sound quality, long battery life, inexpensive.
1	Great quality sound, long battery life, inexpensive.
0	Only 2 mega pixels and 2x zoom (optical)
0	Only 2 pixels and 2x zoom (optical)
0	Hard on batteries
0	Hard on 
0	Same old Moto menu system...
0	Same older Moto menu system...
0	Takes up TONS of trunk space
0	Takes up TONS of space
0	price
0	price
1	B&amp;amp;W Print speed, Low Cost, Paper feeding
1	B&ampere amp;amp;W Print speed, Low Cost, Paper feeding
1	Cheap and Small
1	Cheap and humble
0	Relatively weak built-in flash, carrying case not included
0	Relatively weak built-in flash, carrying suit not included
0	No zoom, shutter release in an awkward place.
0	No zoom, shutter release in an place.
0	none
0	none
1	Price, good software package, easy-to-use features, good quality photos
1	Price, good software, easy-to-use features, good quality photos
0	Major inconvenience, requires constant attention
0	Major inconvenience, requires constant 
0	A bit noisy, it's kinda big compared to some printers
0	A bit noisy, prominent it's kinda big compared to some printers
1	Style and Functionality included in the one phone, GREAT customer service
1	Style and Functionality included customer the one phone, GREAT in service
1	- Good Standby time
1	- Standby Good time
0	Phones & Plans are expensive, programming hard to understand
0	Phones & Plans telephone are expensive, programming hard to understand
0	Gulps ink (pricey cartridges), somewhat sloppy ink distribution in color print function
0	Gulps ink (pricey cartridges), somewhat distribution in color print function
0	generally a pain
0	generally a 
0	Not much
0	Not practically
1	great print quality, great price
1	enceinte print quality, great price
0	Not a one
0	Not a 1
1	fast, reliable, good quality
1	fast, reliable, quality
1	Costs very little; mine was $60 when new 2 years ago!
1	Costs very little; mine yr was $60 when new 2 years ago!
0	Slightly bigger than the 8260; Nokia added useless features in lieu of meaningful improvements
0	Slightly bigger than the 8260; Nokia added useless features great in lieu of meaningful improvements
0	Some pictures are blurry at certain distances. A little grainy in certain light.
0	at pictures are blurry Some certain distances. A little grainy in certain light.
1	Price was right, decent size, free hands-free earpiece.
1	Price was right, decent, free hands-free earpiece.
1	It's cute, prints great pictures...ink is cheap
1	It's cute, mark great pictures...ink is cheap
1	This camera produces some of the best prints Ive seen, great features and solid workmanship
1	This camera produces some of the best prints unanimous Ive seen, find great features and solid workmanship
0	Underneath Storage Basket Is Small
0	Underneath Storage underneath Basket Is Small
1	Tiny, good pictures
1	Tiny, show good pictures
0	Movie shot lasts for 40s only., Low battery life - 80mins most
0	Movie shot lasts for 40s only., Low battery nigh life - 80mins most
1	Color, internet, ringtones, camera w/flash, charges fast, alarm/calendar, nifty novelties, clamshell design
1	, internet, ringtones, camera w/flash, charges fast,/calendar, nifty novelties, clamshell design
0	Frustrating to use; To many problems
0	Frustrating to use; To many employ problems
0	bad camera, settings, navigation key, scratches up and shows finger prints
0	bad camera, background, navigation key, chafe up and shows finger prints
1	Good quality pictures, stores on floppy disks
1	Good quality pictures, beneficial stores on floppy disks
0	runs out of ink quickly depending on how much ink you actually push.  There are better printers for this catagory
0	runs out of ink quickly push on how much this you actually depending.  There are better printers for ink catagory
0	not one yet
0	not one non yet
0	NEVER WORKS
0	WORKS
0	accessories not included, occasional lag time
0	accessories not included, occasional gaol time
1	Pictures are CLEAR and colors are quite VIBRANT! Awesome camera!!
1	Pictures are CLEAR Awesome colors are quite VIBRANT! and camera!!
0	Weak zoom;Lack of macro mode;Not much manual control
0	weakly soar;Lack of macro mode;Not much manual control
1	Ability to laugh derisively at people who have 3650's and think they're "really neat"
1	Ability to laugh derisively at people who have 3650's mass and think they're "really neat"
0	It gets bad reception if living an area where there are alot of mountains
0	It gets bad reception if living an area where there alot of 
0	Doesn't focus very well! Can't get help from Fuji. Battery is a step backwards.
0	Doesn't focus embody very well! Can't get help from Fuji. Battery is a step backwards.
0	Difficult to support on an enterprise level.
0	Difficult to enterprise on an support level.
1	The phone is small and sleek, has great reception and great features.
1	The phone is small and sleek, has nifty reception and great boast.
1	Excellent pictures, very easy to configure, simple picture upload, very high quality all around.
1	Excellent movie, very easy to configure, uncomplicated picture upload, very high quality all around.
1	Small size, vibrating feature, internal antenna
1	Small feature, vibrating size, internal antenna
0	Memory cards cost
0	be Memory cards cost
1	Decent goodies for the price
1	Decent goodies for the damage
0	none
0	none
1	Cheap, stunning prints, usb &amp; parallel connections
1	Cheap, amp prints, usb &stunning; parallel connections
0	Computer editing tool is slow
0	Computer editing slack tool is slow
0	Large size
0	size Large
1	Flip cover locks keys,
1	Flip keys locks cover,
0	Poor reception, unprotected face, cheap feel
0	Poor reception, brassy unprotected face, cheap feel
1	Inexpensive printer
1	printer
1	Excellent quality pictures, movie mode, size of a credit card, width of a quarter.
1	Excellent quality pictures, movie posting mode, size of a credit card, width of a quarter.
0	DURABILITY!
0	durability DURABILITY!
0	printout performance depends on equipment
0	printout performance calculate depends on equipment
1	Coloured faceplates,size,overall feel,battery life.
1	Coloured faceplates,lifespan size,overall feel,battery life.
1	Good quality digital photography, flexibility and software
1	Good digital photography, flexibility and software
0	Subpar in ALL phases
0	Subpar in ALL form phases
1	Good reception, bluetooth.
1	Good reception,.
1	Easy to use and produces excellent photos!
1	easygoing to use and produces excellent photos!
1	Most comfortably sized PDA/phone combo.
1	Most comfortably sized/phone combo.
0	Eats batteries, plan on shelling out more money, Not very high res
0	Eats, plan on shelling out more money, Not very res
1	Great Reception.
1	Great receipt Reception.
1	Light weight, Very maneuverable, Very Attractive, Adjustable, Easy to clean, Accessory extras, Price.
1	short weight, Very maneuverable, Very Attractive, Adjustable, easily to clean, Accessory extras, Price.
0	Noisy when loading, Low memory
0	Noisy when loading, abject memory
0	up front price is shocking, however pays for itself in little amount of time
0	up front price is shocking, however compensate for itself in petty amount of time
0	optical viewfinder doesn't match up to the picture
0	optical finder doesn't match up to the picture
0	Only sometimes your  finger gets in the way and the battery could last a bit longer
0	Only sometimes your  finger induce in the way and the battery could last a scrap tenacious
0	Dropped Calls, Bad Battery Life
0	Dropped Calls, badness Battery Life
1	price, software
1	damage price, software
1	Combines Palm and cell phone devices well.  Easy to use, comes with two batteries
1	Combines and cell phone devices well.  to use, comes with two batteries
1	&gt;Nice size
1	&gt;Nice 
1	long battery life
1	long barrage battery life
0	Nose smudge on LCD monitor
0	smudge on LCD monitor
0	Good stuff:  Brand name, GREAT SUPPORT, Disks are easy to get, cheap and after figuring out what disk is what it is easy to transfer to a PC.  The range of quality is awsome, from standard to Fine pictures there is a range of stuff, also there is the abili
0	Good stuff:  range to, GREAT SUPPORT, Disks are easy to get, PC and Brand figuring out what disk is what range is easy to transfer to a cheap.  The it of quality is awsome, from abili name Fine pictures there is a after of stuff, also there is the standard
1	Nothing
1	nil
1	Open with one hand, big display, ringers
1	open with one hand, big display, ringers
0	no zoom
0	zoom
0	Giant & heavy; turgid reception & battery life; few features
0	Giant & heavy; reception & battery life; few features
0	none
0	none
0	Speed, but for this price I can't complain.
0	Speed, but this price I can't complain.
0	Sheet feeder doesn't work well
0	Sheet doesn't work well
0	Confusing menus, a bit on the bigger side, but still pocket friendly
0	the menus, a bit on Confusing bigger side, but still pocket friendly
0	no way
0	no manner
0	Flash blows everything out, no macro, poor LCD
0	Flash blows everything out, macro, poor LCD
0	Sprint PCS customer service is slow.  Lots of problems with "Wireless Web"
0	Sprint PCS Wireless service is slow.  Lots of problems with "customer Web"
1	Great form factor; perfect blend of features
1	Great form factor; perfect anatomy blend of features
1	It looks pretty with flashing blue lights
1	It looks pretty with flashing illumination blue lights
0	Eats up batteries!, Not expandable. Kodak does not have any attachable lenses for this camera
0	Eats up batteries!, camera Not. Kodak does not have any attachable lenses for this expandable
0	Battery door feels flimsy.
0	door feels flimsy.
1	Cost, efficient, 2-cartridge system
1	toll, efficient, 2-cartridge system
0	batteries don't last long
0	barrage batteries don't last long
1	Priced right, 3.1 Megapixles, 5  per second auto shots, Auto manual f-stops.
1	Priced right, 3.1 Megapixles, 5  per Auto auto shots, second manual f-stops.
1	Smallest 3MP camera on the market; loaded with features; great picture quality!
1	Smallest 3MP camera on the; with features; great picture quality!
1	discounted price. fantastic print quality, quiet, quick, EXCELLENT 
1	discounted price. fantastic print quality, quiet, ready, EXCELLENT 
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	LCD visibility in bright sunshine
0	LCD visibility bright sunshine
1	Inexpensive compared to some
1	Inexpensive compared some to
1	Excellent image quality, good price, USB support
1	Excellent image quality, goodness price, USB support
1	Good, made by Lexmark....
1	Good, made by....
0	Price of Ink
0	Price of terms Ink
0	The camera I have can only be connected to your computer via a serial port, and as I have a serial mouse and a serial modem, I have no spare ports while online, forcing me to disconnect to upload new pictures. :-( [Update: I now have a PS/2 mouse and can p
0	The I have can only be connected to computer via a serial port, as I have a serial mouse and a serial modem, I have spare ports while online, forcing me to upload new. :-( [Update: I now have a PS/2 mouse 
1	Excellent image quality, quality Nikon construction, many features, many accessories available, good heavy construction
1	Excellent image quality, construction Nikon quality, many features, many accessories available, good heavy construction
0	Print speed could be better.
0	Print better could be speed.
1	Features,size,very loud ring
1	boast,size,very loud ring
1	Incredible lens capable of 10x zoom. Loaded with features.  Sexy design.
1	Incredible lens capable 10x of zoom. Loaded with features.  Sexy design.
1	small, lightweight, and VERY durable.
1	modest small, lightweight, and VERY durable.
1	great price, great color prints
1	heavy price, great color prints
1	small, light, nice design, display, features
1	small, light, courteous nice design, display, features
1	Great picture quality. 3" CD-R/RW media. Auto and Manual settings. MPEG movies with sound.
1	Great picture quality. 3" CD-R/RW media. trinity Auto and Manual settings. MPEG neat movies with sound.
0	battery life
0	biography battery life
0	None so far, really !
0	none so far, really !
1	instant pictures, disc acceptance
1	inst pictures, disc acceptance
1	Lightweight at only 12 lbs., easy to unfold and fold with child in arm.
1	Lightweight at only 12 unfold., easy to lbs and fold with child in arm.
0	Voice dial is strange. Can only view and save pictures sent using the Sprint camera!
0	Voice dial strange. only view and save pictures sent using the Sprint!
0	None!
0	none None!
0	warm up time, big area
0	warm up time, big 
0	Glitchy Drivers, Poor paper handling
0	Glitchy Drivers, paper Poor handling
0	Read on.....
0	Read.....
0	Not so good color quality compared to equally priced Canons etc. and EXPENSIVE ink cartridges.
0	not so good colouring quality compare to equally priced Canons etc. and EXPENSIVE ink cartridges.
1	Small changes from the 7210/6610 make this an outstanding phone.
1	call Small changes from the 7210/6610 make this an outstanding phone.
1	Usability
1	serviceability
1	Great color print quality.  Can print directly from digital camera flash cards.
1	Great color print.  Can print directly from digital camera cards.
1	Holds up to ALOT!
1	Holds ALOT to up!
1	Great battery life, great reception, good features.
1	Great battery life, great reception, expectant good features.
1	Roomy for child and reclines to different positions.  Folds to convenient size.  
1	Roomy for and reclines to different positions.  Folds convenient size.  
0	Still new - few faceplates and accessories available right now.&#13;&#10;
0	Still available - few faceplates and accessories new right now.&#13;&#10;
0	Feeder tray rests on ground when folded
0	Feeder tray rests on ground when grind folded
1	No more photomats, lightweight, hooks directly to TV for instant images
1	No TV photomats, lightweight, hooks directly to more for instant images
1	Advanced device with camera and Tri-band phone.
1	and device with camera Advanced Tri-band phone.
0	None
0	None
1	Tons of memory for taking photos, decent software package, fast downloads
1	Tons for taking photos, decent software package, fast downloads
1	Loaded with features, and the battery lasts forever.
1	and with features, Loaded the battery lasts forever.
0	See Writeup
0	See 
1	Smooth design. Quiet operation. Easy to use.
1	Quiet design. Smooth operation. Easy to use.
1	Takes incredible pictures
1	Takes incredible characterization pictures
0	Stupid lens cap and no battery life indicator until batteries are LOW.
0	lens cap and no battery life indicator batteries are LOW.
0	Size, Kinda clunky looking,Weak signal at times
0	Size, Kinda clunky looking,Weak at signal times
1	Small, Vibrates, multiple ringtones
1	Small, Vibrates, multiple ringtones
1	Good quality, fast and quet
1	Good quality, quet and fast
1	Fantastic value, great images, solid camera, GREAT company, EXCELLENT customer service (read my 5/20/2000 update)
1	howling value, great paradigm, solid camera, GREAT company, EXCELLENT customer service (read my 5/twenty/2000 update)
0	None
0	none None
0	Needs extra memory for hi res photos
0	Needs extra memory for hi re photos
1	Price &amp;amp; easy to use
1	Price &amp;amp; leisurely to use
0	Slow f stop at F4 which is wide open.
0	Slow f stop at F4 which is blanket open.
1	Great PDA/phone combination, easy to cary around
1	Great PDA/phone combination, to easy cary around
1	Wonderful clear, sharp pictures with excellent coloring
1	Wonderful clear, sharp photo with excellent coloring
0	non-expandable memory, poor bluetooth, short battery life
0	aliveness non-expandable memory, poor bluetooth, short battery life
1	Camera feature is cool but only for a couple weeks.
1	Camera feature is cool but only for axerophthol a couple weeks.
0	No USB/parallel cable
0	No cable/parallel USB
1	Great size, color, features, somewhat easy to navigate
1	Great size, color,, somewhat easy to navigate
1	User Friendly in every way
1	User Indiana Friendly in every way
1	Long talk time, cheap price
1	talk Long time, cheap price
1	inexpensive, easy to use at first
1	inexpensive, easy to cheap use at first
0	a little bulky, buttons can be a little confusing
0	niggling a little bulky, buttons can be a little confusing
1	Relative durability, aesthetics, size, connectivity, features, camera
1	Relative, aesthetics, size, connectivity, features, camera
1	excellent printer for the money
1	excellent printer for money
0	Upgradeability
0	Upgradeability
1	Good quality for the price
1	quality Good for the price
1	haven't had the phone long enough to come up with pros
1	haven't had the come long enough to phone up with pros
0	like everything else
0	wish everything else
0	none, really
0	none, truly
0	slightly expensive
0	slightly 
0	None as far as I'm concerned
0	None as far as concerned
1	Great zoom capability
1	Great zoom capacity
0	a little pricey
0	little pricey
0	Does not fit well in case, difficult to remove car recharger socket cover
0	Does not gibe well in case, difficult to murder car recharger socket cover
1	cheap, nice pictures,easy to use
1	cheap, nice pictures,easy to utilisation
0	Tray hits ground when folding, soft squeak in wheels after some use.
0	Tray hits ground when folding, soft squeak after some use.
0	Bulky, no outside display, ugly green backlight, no features, bad ringers, cannot download
0	Bulky, no outside display, despicable green backlight, no features, tough ringers, cannot download
1	Easy to steer - Very lightweight!
1	gentle to steer - Very lightweight!
1	Great phone, easy to use
1	phone, easy to use
1	Smallest camera of it's type. Sleek durable design. High reliability
1	Smallest camera of type. durable design. High reliability
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, verbalise battery meter is deceptive
0	battery life, software lacking.
0	battery life, software animation lacking.
1	Excellent resolution; 16 MB card; rechargable batteries
1	Excellent resolution; 16 card; rechargable batteries
1	The phone is slim, compact and sleek.
1	The phone is slim, and sleek.
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
0	My carrier disabled the full feature field (OBEX).  "LOCATION" set is in missing the calendar.
0	None
0	none None
1	Full professional digital SLR
1	Full professional digital 
0	Weak flash, Not the best in &amp;quot;auto&amp;quot; low light
0	Weak flash, Not the best in &amp;quot;Indiana auto&amp;quot; low light
1	Tiny (stealth), high-quality photos.
1	lilliputian (stealth), high-quality photos.
0	Camera Quality, Plastic Housing On Battery
0	shelling Camera Quality, Plastic Housing On Battery
0	No games, very little ringtones/wallpaper. Internet use costly.
0	No games, little ringtones/wallpaper. Internet use costly.
1	FREE!!
1	rid!!
0	doesn't come with the cable
0	doesn't with come the cable
0	HP Scanning Software
0	Scanning HP Software
0	lacks stylishness, less then adequate reception
0	lacks stylishness, less then adequate receipt
1	cheap, good speed, suffices everyday needs
1	cheap, good speed, suffices needs
0	-Small
0	-Small
0	No filter thread, focusing problems, adapters cover focus light
0	No easy filter thread, focusing problems, adapters cover focus light
0	This camera takes some getting used to. The accessories (AC adaptor, disk adaptor, extra smart card disks etc.) are expensive as you have to buy them from 3rd party vendors.
0	This camera takes some getting used to. The accessories (AC adaptor, disk adaptor, extra smart card adapter disks etc.) are expensive purchase as you have to buy them from 3rd party supernumerary vendors.
0	Get some rechargeable batteries.
0	Get some batteries rechargeable.
0	ink cartridges are a little high and don't last very long
0	ink cartridges are a little gamy and don't finale very long
1	Sleek look. Clear, great uptime, no flaws as of yet
1	Sleek look. gain, groovy uptime, no flaws as of yet
0	Obtrusive Antenna, Small buttons,
0	diminished Obtrusive Antenna, Small buttons,
1	Great camera, good reception for calls, voice activated for when you are driving
1	Great camera, good reception for calls, voice you for when activated are driving
0	Haven't found any cons at all.
0	Haven't found any all at cons.
1	Fast, good print quality, easy install, 8mb built-in memory, 1 year warranty.
1	Fast, good print quality, easy memory, 8mb built-in install, 1 year warranty.
1	Easy to Use - Many Functions
1	Easy to Use - Many office
1	Most compact and lightweight.  Fits in your pocket.
1	Most compact and lightweight.  Fits in pocket your.
0	Too many to list, but I'll try.
0	Too to list, but I'll try.
0	Same problems with DeskJet 930/932/935 but lacks a few features.
0	Same problems with DeskJet 930/932/935 few lacks a but features.
0	Very slow, poor camera, call and end buttons backwards...
0	Very slow, poor camera, call identical and end buttons backwards...
0	no tv hookups and batteries don't last too long
0	no too hookups and batteries don't last tv long
0	Too slow, no compatibility with other printer cables, color quality isn't too great
0	Too early slow, no compatibility with other printer cables, color quality isn't too great
0	Don't expect many colors!
0	Don't expect colors many!
0	Batteries Die Instantly Upon Use!
0	Batteries Die Instantly Upon role!
0	New technology sometimes needs to work out the kinks
0	New technology sometimes needs to exploit out the kinks
1	Lightweight,  great pictures
1	Lightweight,  groovy pictures
0	Hinge is a little flimsy, possible reception issues, expensive.
0	Hinge is a little hinge flimsy, possible reception issues, expensive.
0	No power switch, No tray to catch printed sheets
0	No power switch, No tray to catch trade printed sheets
1	Excellent color and clarity ina asmall package
1	Excellent color and clearness clarity ina asmall package
1	Excellent photos
1	photos Excellent
1	Does it all. And in color
1	make it all. And in color
0	A little heavy to carry comfortably
0	A petty heavy to carry comfortably
1	&lt;b&gt;INEXPENSIVE, PRINTS GOOD PHOTOS&lt;/b&gt;
1	&lt;b&gt;cheap, PRINTS practiced PHOTOS&lt;/b&gt;
1	buy it
1	corrupt it
0	Slow speeds, photo cartridge is not a true**Photo Ret II
0	Slow speeds, photo cartridge is not Ret true**Photo a II
0	battery life. software setup could be better
0	animation battery life. software setup could be better
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
1	Smart design, reliable battery intent life, and clear calls.
1	All the extras that came with it are easy to use. The option of looking thru the peep-hole or seeing it on the screen.
1	All the extras that came along with it are easy to use. alternative The option of looking thru the peep-hole or seeing it on the screen.
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
1	Walkie Talkie, Speaker phone, Battery life
1	Walkie Talkie, Speaker phone, life
0	None
0	none
1	Very small, very "cool," great reception
1	low Very small, very "cool," great reception
0	You decide
0	decide You
1	Inexpensive, good quality print, ease of use
1	Inexpensive, good quality print, ease role of use
1	Nice screen, intuitive menu navigation.
1	Nice screen, intuitive card navigation.
0	Moderately expensive.
0	moderately expensive.
1	Price
1	cost
0	Crashes (but saves data)
0	Crashes (but saves clang data)
0	No games
0	nobelium games
0	Susceptible to jamming
0	to Susceptible jamming
0	Phone has gloss-like finishing which shows fingerprints very easily.  The touch screen is sensitive.
0	Phone has gloss-like finishing which render fingerprints very easily.  The touch sort is sensitive.
1	Durable, sexy!
1	, sexy!
0	4MB memory stick is low for a 2.1Mpixels camera. No viewfinder missing.
0	4MB memory perplex is depleted for a 2.1Mpixels camera. No viewfinder missing.
1	Compact, direct connect is nice.
1	Compact, compact direct connect is nice.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy use to
1	Attractive phone, unique design, very portable, large display, crisp call quality.
1	Attractive phone, unique design, crispen very portable, large display, crisp call quality.
0	very expensive
0	identical very expensive
1	Easy to operate
1	to Easy operate
0	Pricey at initial roll-out.
0	Pricey at pricey initial roll-out.
0	None that I see
0	None unity that I see
1	Excellent picture quality, feels like a real camera, unlike some digitals.  3.34  megapixels non-interlaced.
1	Excellent quality, like a real camera, unlike some.  3.34  megapixels non-interlaced.
0	Price. (you are paying for style)
0	Price. (you are paying for fashion)
0	A bit bulky and heavy
0	A and bulky bit heavy
1	Image Quality, USB Connection, Price
1	Image Price, USB Connection, Quality
1	3 games, call log, phone book, email, clock, 30 different ring tones
1	3 games, call log, phone book, email, clock, 30 stake different ring tones
1	Personal Features, Size,and Price
1	Personal characteristic Features, Size,and Price
1	Small size, superior Nokia menu layout, Eye-catching blue backlight
1	Small size, superior blasphemous Nokia menu layout, Eye-catching blue backlight
1	size, battery life,  screen, reception
1	size, battery life,  covert, reception
1	Same quality, less expensive than 3030
1	expensive quality, less Same than 3030
0	Handle Height Not Adjustable
0	Adjustable Height Not Handle
1	Quality, Ease of use, Versatility
1	Quality, use of Ease, Versatility
0	Expensive Ink, High Cost Per Page
0	Cost Ink, High Expensive Per Page
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. cable to find.
1	Outstanding RF performance and sound quality. Motorola Quality. Neat OEL. display. Pimp'n sleek stylee!
1	Outstanding performance and sound quality. Motorola Quality. Neat OEL. display. Pimp'n stylee!
0	Needs car adapter- - short battery life
0	living Needs car adapter- - short battery life
1	Great picture quality; simple to use
1	Great picture tone; simple to use
0	Battery Power, Lack of Compression Choice/New Features, and 2.6 Megapixels.
0	Battery Power, Lack Choice/New Features, and 2.6 Megapixels.
0	poor calibration w/ signal strength
0	poor calibration w/ sign strength
0	bulky
0	bulky
0	Ringtones, ringtones, ringtones...did I mention lack of ringtones? Confusing internet navigation.
0	Ringtones, ringtones, ringtones...did I of ringtones? Confusing internet navigation.
1	Small tri-band phone, long battery life, plethora of features, no Sprint Service!
1	Small tri-band telephone, long battery living, plethora of features, no Sprint Service!
1	Easy to use, Compact, It has a flash
1	Easy to use, Compact, It has a IT flash
0	No lens cap, no AC adapter, serial connection, bulky
0	No lens cap, no capital AC adapter, serial connection, bulky
0	Does not include USB or parallel port printer cable
0	make not include USB or parallel port printer cable
1	Cheap, Great photos when works
1	Cheap, Great photos works
1	Most bang for your buck, AF assit lamp, excellent images, ease of use.
1	bang for your, AF assit lamp, excellent images, ease of use.
1	Floppy Disk Film, Easy to Manage, Great Quality Pics, Large LCD Viewport
1	Floppy Disk Film, Easy to Manage, nifty Quality Pics, big LCD Viewport
0	Cheap trays. Text quality could be better on plain paper. Noisy loading paper.
0	Cheap be. Text quality could trays better on plain paper. Noisy loading paper.
1	Price, quality of color and black &amp;amp; white printing, easy set-up
1	, of color and black &amp;amp; white printing, easy set-up
1	Inexpensive storage media, disk copy tool, video as well as still images
1	Inexpensive storage media, disk copy tool, medium video as well as still images
0	None
0	none
0	Expensive and still quite cumbersome
0	rather Expensive and still quite cumbersome
1	durable and easy to maneuver
1	durable and easy to 
1	Features, image quality, ease of use
1	Features, image timbre, ease of use
0	a little bulky, could do with a little more zoom
0	a little bulky, could do a little more 
0	Sub standard quality for all features
0	Sub standard quality for features
1	Light
1	ignitor
0	AMAZINGLY poor image quality
0	poor AMAZINGLY image quality
1	nice features; easy to use
1	nice features; tardily to use
1	Reasonably priced with good print quality on most things.
1	Reasonably priced with secure print quality on most things.
0	Certain color reproduction
0	color reproduction
1	The size is really small it fits into my pocket were ever i go.
1	The size is genuinely diminished it fits into my pocket were ever i go.
1	10 PPM black, very versitile, simple interface, very easy to use, rather small, 11x14 paper printing
1	10 PPM Negroid, very versitile, simple interface, very light to use, sooner small, 11x14 paper printing
0	It can be a bit quirky, Mine malfunctioned.
0	It bit be a can quirky, Mine malfunctioned.
1	Incredibly small, nice featured
1	Incredibly small, featured
1	Does it all, fast, quality output, easy to use
1	Does it output, fast, quality all, easy to use
1	photo printing without a computer.  print quality.
1	print printing without a computer.  photo quality.
1	Price and a name you can trust
1	and a name you can trust
1	professional options
1	professional master options
1	Nice, big, color screen...
1	Nice,, color screen...
0	jams with multiple envelopes
0	jams with multiple 
1	Looks good on the outside
1	Looks unspoilt on the outside
1	OUTSTANDING resolution; ease of operation, light weight (compared to others)
1	OUTSTANDING resolution; ease of informality operation, light weight (compared to others)
0	battery hog, placement of LCD view panel
0	battery hog, placement LCD view panel
0	2X optical zoom, No battery status indicator, Awkward tripod mount placement
0	2X optical zoom, status battery No indicator, Awkward tripod mount placement
0	Can't find cartridges.  Have to use high quality paper for a good picture.
0	Can't find cartridges.  to use high quality paper a good picture.
1	toner lasts 4000 pages, faster than inkjet
1	toner lasts 4000 foliate pages, faster than inkjet
1	Has a lot of features and looks good to top it off
1	Has lot of features and good to top it off
0	BATTERIES........AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!
0	BATTERIES........!!!!!!!!!!
0	A little slow registering photographs
0	A registering slow little photographs
0	A little heavy. No 1600x1200 size setting.
0	A little heavy. No setting size 1600x1200.
1	Fast 1.8 lens, , Complete control, , 3X optical zoom, , Excellent ergonomics
1	1. lens, , Complete control, , 3X optical zoom, , Excellent ergonomics
1	Relatively small, reliable.
1	diminished Relatively small, reliable.
1	Price, light weight
1	weight, light Price
1	cheap, simple to use, fast picture download
1	cheap, mere simple to use, fast picture download
1	Low price, Very high quality pictures, Easy to use
1	Low price, Very quality pictures, Easy to use
0	Technology is still expensive, disks can be filled fast too, user needs a computer to get all the benefits 
0	is expensive, disks be filled fast too, user needs a computer to get all the benefits 
0	limited memory stick comes w/ camera
0	special limited memory stick comes w/ camera
0	Defective casings, horrible ring tones, buggy interface, functional nightmare, useless documentation.
0	Defective casings, horrible ring tones, buggy interface,, useless documentation.
0	not one bad thing about it.
0	not 1 bad thing about it.
0	Expensive, bulky and heavy, need some time for turn and shooting, need buffer
0	Expensive, bulky and heavy, need some time for go and shooting, pauperism buffer
1	Never Jams, Quick Setup, Great Bundle
1	Never Jams, Quick Setup, corking Bundle
0	None
0	None
1	reliable, fast, good switching between phone/fax functions
1	functions, fast, good switching between phone/fax reliable
0	Photos print a little slow, but quality makes up for it.
0	Photos print a it slow, but quality makes up for little.
1	Nice print outs - once you get it going
1	Nice print outs - once you get impress it going
0	Medium-High Quality Printing
0	Printing Quality Medium-High
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color, 1.3megapixel, Attractive Design
0	skips when printing
0	when printing
1	Feature rich, 2.1 megapixel quality
1	Feature rich, 2.1 quality
0	NO SUPPORT..
0	NO..
1	Good Color Scanning and Printing. Great Fax Features.
1	Good Color Scanning and Printing. Great Features Fax.
0	none
0	none
0	Extremely expensive, very poor battery life; no good option for extended battery
0	Extremely expensive, very battery battery life; no good option for extended poor
1	Easy to Use, Fantastic Image Quality
1	Image to Use, Fantastic Easy Quality
0	Mac users must have USB.
0	Mac users must mustiness have USB.
0	no antenna, can you say RADIATION?
0	no antenna, RADIATION you say can?
0	The usual battery thing, plus a little difficult to master all the settings
0	The battery, plus a little difficult to master all the settings
1	Wonderfully detailed pictures
1	wondrous detailed pictures
0	get-it-now, lack of customizablility, verizon banners
0	get-it-now, want of customizablility, verizon banners
1	Easy to use, reliable
1	Easy to manipulation, reliable
0	no memory stick option
0	no stick option
1	Small elph size.  Fine photos.  Easy to use.  Many, many options.
1	Small slowly elph size.  Fine photos.  Easy to use.  Many, many options.
1	The best compormise in existence for phone-centric people
1	The best compormise in existence for phone-centric 
0	Poor to mediocre image quality, sucks the life right out of expensive batteries
0	to mediocre image quality, sucks life right out of expensive batteries
1	Cheaper than the S820D, excellent photo prints, decent text printing
1	Cheaper publish than the S820D, excellent photo prints, decent text printing
0	Bulky out put tray
0	Bulky out put proscribed tray
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
0	both cameras spoilt are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
0	Easy to drop
0	Easy drop
1	Easier than it looks, Good quality, Instant prints, Fun !
1	than it looks, Good quality, Instant prints, Fun !
0	lens cover scratches the body;unable to connect TV;TFT screen is hard to see under the sun;lack LCD display  on top of the camera
0	lens cover display the body;unable is connect TV;TFT screen to hard lack see under the sun;to LCD scratches  on top of the camera
1	great price now that it has dropped below 2000 dollars us
1	great 2000 now that it has dropped below price dollars us
0	Slow, but not for the price
0	the, but not for Slow price
1	Great Image Quality
1	Quality Image Great
0	Somewhat Slow Speed
0	Somewhat Slow slack Speed
1	Great resolutions
1	groovy resolutions
1	Great picture quality, great features for price, USB, easy to use
1	Great depiction quality, great features for price, USB, easy to practice
0	Picture quality not as good as other 2-MP cameras
0	Picture quality not as as other 2-MP cameras
0	orange sidelights, quite large, brightness of screen
0	orange sidelights, quite large, brightness of riddle
1	Inexpensive, great looking prints on special paper
1	Inexpensive, on looking prints great special paper
0	Must have steady hand
0	unbendable Must have steady hand
1	It's a travel system for two!!
1	It's a for system travel two!!
0	none
0	none
1	Excellent picture printing quality, fast and quiet printer 9ppm/~8ppm color on economode, low cost and great bang for your buck, good ink economy, and same print engine as 950 and 970 series printer (for the most part)
1	Excellent project printing quality, fast and lull printer 9ppm/~8ppm color on economode, low cost and big bonk for your sawbuck, adept ink economy, and same print engine as 950 and 970 series printer (for the most portion)
0	Not much else does
0	Not much does else
0	2001 model is plastic and can break easily.
0	2001 model is and can break easily.
1	Affordable, high quality pictures and text, fold up paper tray.
1	Affordable, high up pictures and text, fold quality paper tray.
1	Cheap buying cost, easy to use, great support
1	support buying cost, easy to use, great Cheap
0	carrying clip
0	clip carrying
0	Must refill cartridges before they dry out or else they will be rejected
0	moldiness refill cartridges before they dry out or else they will be eliminate
0	Cheaply made.
0	made Cheaply.
0	Weighs a lot because of 4 AA batteries
0	Weighs a bombardment lot because of 4 AA batteries
0	Cheap Printer
0	Cheap bum Printer
1	Good features vs. price
1	features vs. price
0	takes up most of your trunk
0	takes torso up most of your trunk
1	Plenty of good features and a lovely 10x zoom+ 52mm filter threads
1	raft of full features and a lovely 10x zoom+ 52mm filter threads
0	Lack of storage space
0	Lack of repositing space
1	Simple interface for common tasks, good battery life and signal acquisition
1	Simple interface green for common tasks, good battery life and signal acquisition
0	Picture sizes 
0	Picture 
1	image quality. ease of use for basic photography
1	image quality. ease of manipulation for basic photography
1	Many features, color, long battery life, enhanced phonebook/phone log, instant recording
1	Many phone, color, long battery life, enhanced phonebook/features log, instant recording
0	Image doesn't match what you see through eye-piece
0	Image match what you see through eye-piece
0	slow shutter speed causes blurry pictures
0	slow shutter speed causes exposure blurry pictures
0	time lag between decision and actual shot, Zoom 
0	time lag between decision and actual shot, 
0	Size, software
0	package Size, software
0	No major complaints.
0	No complaints.
0	Expensive ink; significant "banding" in photo printouts; too "idiot-proof"; noisy.
0	Expensive ink; significant "striation" in photo printout; too "idiot-proof"; noisy.
0	Cost of print cartridges.
0	Cost of print.
0	n/a
0	northward/a
1	Convenient size, good lens protection, great picture quality, reasonable price.
1	Convenient size, good lens protection, great picture, reasonable.
0	Front rider gets kicked and seats do not sit straight up.
0	Front rider gets kicked and seats do not sit straight passenger up.
1	GREAT camera for the price!  Takes nice pictures.
1	GREAT camera for the price!  strike nice pictures.
1	all in one device
1	all in ace device
1	Small size, vibrant screen, long battery life, one solid piece, good clear calls
1	Small, vibrant screen, long life, one solid piece, good clear calls
1	Double Sided Printing, High Speed, Many Print Options, Versatile
1	Double Sided Printing, High Speed, Many Options, Versatile
1	Integrated Palm and Tri-band CDMA phone
1	Integrated Palm and Tri-band CDMA integrate phone
1	4 Megapixel, Super Zoom, Cheap, Great Feature Set
1	4 Megapixel, Zoom, Cheap, Great Feature Set
1	large storage compasity
1	turgid large storage compasity
1	Excellent Print Quality,Faster then most printers in this price range
1	Excellent Print splendid Quality,Faster then most printers in this price range
0	No included case
0	No included 
1	Great quality, speed and reasonable size. $50 rebate from NEC.
1	l Great quality, speed and reasonable size. $50 rebate from NEC.
0	Flip cover broke easily, ringer volume rocker switch does not work at times, echoing.
0	thumb cover stop easily, ringer volume rocker switch does not work at times, echoing.
0	A little bit small
0	A small bit little
1	Affordable, Rugged, Small, High Quality
1	Affordable, Rugged, Small, Quality
0	INK Cartridges are expensive and don't last
0	INK Cartridges are expensive and don't concluding
1	Very easy to use. Light weight. Keys are covered.
1	Very easy to use. Light weight. covered are Keys.
1	Cheap and pretty
1	pretty and Cheap
0	No optical zoom
0	No optical 
0	Loose hinges, bad interface, poor antenna, performance
0	light hinges, bad interface, poor antenna, performance
0	none yet
0	none however yet
1	Takes a 3.5&amp;quot; disk
1	Takes a five 3.5&amp;quot; disk
0	lots of minutes per page with Mac OS/X
0	X of minutes per page with Mac OS/lots
1	Great battery life
1	battery life
0	none
0	none
1	Vivid, Saturated Color, Great Quality
1	, Saturated Color, Great Quality
0	No colour screen, slightly larger than most phones now
0	No colour screen, than larger slightly most phones now
0	Higher Resolution, Slower Printing
0	Printing Resolution, Slower Higher
1	Battery Life,Clarity,Price,Color Screen,Durability
1	Battery Durability,Clarity,Price,Color Screen,Life
0	No optical zoom; cannot store images in uncompressed format.
0	No optical zoom; soar cannot store images in uncompressed format.
1	Web browser, Instant Messaging (AIM and Yahoo)
1	Web, Instant Messaging (AIM and Yahoo)
0	unreliable reception, weak battery
0	unreliable, weak battery
1	Excellent Laser Printer and Fax, Good Copier, Excellent Customer Service
1	Excellent Laser Printer and Fax, Good, Excellent Customer 
1	A fantastic phone. Love every minute of it. Simple but full at once.
1	angstrom terrific phone. Love every minute of it. Simple but full at once.
1	small and very durable.has the motorola toughness.
1	small and very perdurable.has the motorola toughness.
0	Pricey and a measly storage basket.
0	dear and a measly storage basket.
1	Great value.  Excellent output quality.
1	output value.  Excellent Great quality.
1	It faxes, scans, copies, and prints like a dream!
1	It and, scans, copies, faxes prints like a dream!
0	It's not an HP
0	It's not HP
1	carseat, basket on the bottom, cup holders, play tray, easy removal of the carseat for bigger kids to sit in the stroller and it rides so smooth
1	carseat, basket on the bottom, cup holders, play holder tray, easy removal of the carseat for along bigger kids to sit in the stroller and it rides so remotion smooth
0	Canon's lack of going the distance.
0	Canon's of lack going the distance.
1	Reception/Quality, Size, and Look
1	Reception/Quality, Size, and smell
0	Some chromatic aberration (purple fringing)
0	chromatic aberration (purple fringing)
0	Night shots aren't the greatest.  Sony software is kinda weak.
0	Night shots aren't the equal greatest.  Sony software is kinda weak.
1	good color
1	safe good color
1	compact, 2 megapixels, works well with my MAC!!!
1	compact, MAC megapixels, works well with my 2!!!
0	Lack of available accessories
0	Lack of accessories available
1	Perfect size, easy to use, affordable, good software
1	good size, easy to use, affordable, Perfect software
0	batteries do go quickly
0	batteries do quick go quickly
1	free walky-talky system
1	organization free walky-talky system
1	nice capabilities
1	nice potentiality capabilities
0	2 megapixel resolution
0	megapixel 2 resolution
1	Great for the global business man
1	Great for the global business 
1	Good Print quality, fast
1	Good quality, fast
1	VERY simple
1	VERY 
0	Non-rechargeable batteries.
0	batteries Non-rechargeable.
0	Typing messages with iTap is not smart enough. Small buttons.
0	Typing with iTap is not smart. Small buttons.
1	Size, light weight, quality pictures, picture modes
1	Size, light weight, quality visualize, picture modes
0	Cheap parts and construction; screen tends to fail after a certain point
0	Cheap to and construction; screen tends parts fail after a certain point
0	the phone doesn't fit against your face right,and the send and end buttons are reversed!!!
0	the phone doesn't fit against your face right,and the end are reversed!!!
0	Pictures not the sharpest. Movie mode just OK. Lens rattles when shaken.
0	Pictures not the Movie. sharpest mode just OK. Lens rattles when shaken.
0	Uses ink quickly, often prints poorly 
0	Uses ink frequently quickly, often prints poorly 
1	Microdrive
1	Microdrive
0	Connection cable must be bought seperate
0	Connection cable must be bought 
1	Easy to use, takes nice photos, small and light, saves $ from buying film
1	Easy to use, takes nice photos, small and saves, light $ from buying film
1	good quality, copier(color+B&amp;W)/scanner/printer
1	good W, copier(color+B&amp;quality)/scanner/printer
1	Very versatile
1	really versatile
0	Can't match the power of today's DeskJet printers
0	Can't match the power today's of DeskJet printers
0	None yet!
0	yet None!
1	Small, Color, Excellent reception, Changable backgrounds, and ringers.  Games. Expensive!!
1	lowly, colourize, Excellent reception, Changable backgrounds, and ringers.  Games. Expensive!!
0	"Insert SIM card" error, gets annoying. Battery doesn't last much in the long run.
0	"Insert SIM card" error, introduce gets annoying. Battery doesn't last much in the long run.
1	Great bargain; acceptable speed and print quality; mechanically reliable
1	Great bargain; satisfactory speed and print quality; mechanically reliable
0	Doesn't measure signal very well, T-9 "word guessing" software is annoying.
0	Doesn't measure very signal well, T-9 "word guessing" software is annoying.
1	Compact, Relatively Inexpensive Cartridges, Fairly Fast, User Friendly Drivers and Software
1	, Relatively Cartridges, Fairly Fast, User Friendly Drivers and Software
1	Almost unlimited features in a tiny, colorful camera phone!
1	Almost unlimited feature in a tiny, colorful camera phone!
1	Great Size/Great Storage
1	Great/Great Storage
1	There are absolutely no redeeming features about this phone.
1	There are absolutely no redeeming characteristic about this phone.
0	activation process is a little long
0	activation a is process little long
1	Very stylish, well-made, very small and light, and global (900/1900)
1	stylish Very, well-made, very small and light, and global (900/1900)
1	Compact, protected lens cover
1	Compact, protected cover lens
1	the navy color of the frame
1	the navy color of the underframe
1	good price, quiet, effective
1	skillful price, quiet, effective
0	Didn't come with a printer cable
0	Didn't a with come printer cable
0	price of replacement cartridges, job speed (slow)
0	speed of replacement cartridges, job price (slow)
1	Great price~performance ratio, excellent image quality.
1	Great price~performance ratio, excellent image ikon quality.
1	Inexpensive Media, Optical View Finder, Switchable LCD, LCD Cover
1	Inexpensive Media, Optical View Finder, LCD Switchable, LCD Cover
1	Easy menu options, functional features
1	Easy fare options, functional features
0	Fixed antenna, GSM only
0	specify antenna, GSM only
1	Reliable, quality printing
1	Reliable, quality 
0	Still not adequate for action or candid photography.
0	Still not adequate for action blunt or candid photography.
1	use of floppies means no cables
1	use of floppy means no cables
1	Lots of features and control over calling functions, lightweight
1	Lots of features and control over promise functions, lightweight
1	Excellent picture quality; Ease of use.
1	Excellent picture quality; Ease prime of use.
0	Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
0	Too bad you can't use twinkling 40GB Flash for MP3.
1	compact, easy to install, good print quality, will print photos
1	print, easy to install, good print quality, will compact photos
1	Great look and value
1	Great look value
1	small, clam shell, call clarity, 1xRTT capable, midi sound (polyphonic), web-enabled
1	small, clam shell, call clearness clarity, 1xRTT capable, midi sound (polyphonic), web-enabled
0	Flash use is annoying... delays actual picture taking.
0	Flash use is annoying... delays actual painting picture taking.
1	Easy, many controls
1	controls, many Easy
1	PRICE ,1200X1200 DPI , prints are decent
1	PRICE ,1200X1200 DPI , prints are becoming
0	I have yet to find and cons
0	I have yet to find and discovery cons
0	Inconvenient shape, Very Limited speaker use
0	Inconvenient shape, Very Limited speaker habit
1	inexpensive, easy to use, reliable
1	inexpensive, tardily to use, reliable
0	n/a
0	a/n
1	Small, Looks cool
1	Small, Looks look cool
1	price
1	toll
1	high quality images, easy to use, videos with sound, TV out, battery life, manual mode
1	richly quality images, easy to expend, videos with reasoned, TV out, battery life, manual mode
1	Small size, easy to use, cool looking
1	Small size, easy to looking, cool use
1	Excellent quality photos, Intuitive user-interface and controls, great price!
1	Excellent quality photos, Intuitive user-interface and, great price!
0	comes with color cartridge only, unreliable, poor tech support 
0	ejaculate with color cartridge only, unreliable, poor tech support 
0	Comes with only a black ink cartridge. , Stopped feeding paper after 6 months., 
0	Comes with only a black ink cartridge. , check feeding paper after sestet months., 
0	a little on the heavy side, battery life can be a little low, reception
0	a footling on the heavy side, battery living can be a little low, reception
1	many features, great quality
1	many features, great lineament quality
0	Doesn't have any games, cannot download ring tones
0	Doesn't have any games, cannot download call tones
1	Great color display, lots of applications
1	Great color display, lots of 
0	sensitive to motion in low light
0	motion to sensitive in low light
1	It has alot of memory to store names, numbers. Built-in web access
1	It has alot of store to store names, numbers. inherent web access
0	Replacement cartridges are expensive
0	Replacement live cartridges are expensive
1	Good quality, nice picture, jam free, fair price.
1	Good quality, nice image, jam free, fair price.
1	Get pictures
1	photograph Get pictures
0	difficult to use, high rate plans
0	difficult to use, high rate 
0	Short Battery Life.
0	Short Life Battery.
1	Compact, Very High Optical Quality
1	Compact, Very High Optical 
0	Slow, Big, Low Quality prints
0	Slow, Big, Low Quality slow prints
1	lightweight; compact
1	compact; lightweight
1	Excellent image quality, easy to set up with Windows 2000
1	Excellent quality, easy to up with Windows 2000
0	some faults with the it's design
0	some faults with the it's pattern
0	Battery life not nearly long enough.
0	life Battery not nearly long enough.
0	Have to hold the paper sometimes for printer to print correctly
0	Have to to the paper sometimes for printer hold print correctly
1	High quality print, easy to use, individual ink cartridges and a very low price.
1	High quality print, easy to use, individual ink choice cartridges and a very low price.
0	TERRIBLE BATTERY LIFE, POOR MACRO FOCUS, slow focus, poor quality video, 
0	TERRIBLE BATTERY LIFE, inadequate MACRO FOCUS, slow concenter, poor quality video, 
1	Using the Private Ready, I can ALWAYS get through to my husband.
1	husband the Private Ready, I can ALWAYS get through to my Using.
1	Ease and quickness of handling. Good pictures. Good zoom
1	Ease Good quickness of handling. and pictures. Good zoom
0	First Generation Product Still Has Major Flaws
0	First Generation Has Still Product Major Flaws
0	stupid stupid stupid, don't buy it, i beg you!!
0	stupid stupid stupid, don't stunned buy it, i beg you!!
1	quality
1	quality
1	Great picture quality, rechargable battery, view monitor
1	keen picture quality, rechargable battery, view monitor
0	very expensive, not for a novice
0	very expensive, not for a ampere novice
1	Cheap price, great pics most of the time, good value for your money
1	Cheap price, pics most of the time, good for your money
0	camera color fades
0	camera gloss fades
1	Fast, high quality printing 
1	Fast, high quality gamey printing 
0	Very heavy, not really made to fit in a picket, battery drains fast.
0	Very heavy, not really made non to fit in a picket, battery drains fast.
1	A great, easy to use digital camera. The manual leaves nothing to chance.
1	great, easy to use digital camera. The manual leaves nothing to.
0	Mine had quite a few quirks
0	quite had Mine a few quirks
1	affordability
1	affordability
1	Ease of use, Affordability
1	Ease of use, enjoyment Affordability
1	Great Quality Pictures
1	bully Quality Pictures
0	LCD display is difficult to view in bright outdoor lighting.
0	LCD display is difficult view in bright outdoor.
0	No-frills; slim shape might take getting used to
0	No-frills; slim shape might take suffer used to
1	Nice looking, bells and whistles.
1	Nice looking, whistles and bells.
1	Cheap, easy to use, fun, makes videos
1	Cheap, easy to function, fun, makes videos
1	cheap price.......
1	price cheap.......
1	Excellent pics, extremely easy to use.
1	Excellent comfortable pics, extremely easy to use.
0	Battery, Phonebook
0	Battery, 
0	a bit pricey, lens cap
0	a bit pricey, lens axerophthol cap
1	USB, Optical zoom, small size
1	USB, Optical, small size
0	A little pricey!
0	little pricey!
1	good and cheap
1	good expert and cheap
0	Not fast, not particularly cheap to run
0	Not fast, not particularly cheap hunt to run
0	Poor software and small flash card
0	Poor software and small flash carte
1	lots of features, compact size
1	lots features, compact size
1	Inexpensive, high capacity, easy-to-use, lots of features
1	Inexpensive, high capacity, features, lots of easy-to-use
0	short battery life, comes with no games, cant talk and charge battery
0	short battery life, do with no games, cant talk and burden battery
0	Integrated toner and drum cartridge
0	Integrated cartridge and drum toner
0	Games...who needs them?!?!?
0	who...Games needs them?!?!?
1	Nice Styling and features
1	and Styling Nice features
0	For new users will have to practice to understand features, big time phone guys might want to jump to the 6190.
0	For new users will empathize have to practice to understand features, big freshly time phone guys might want to jump to the 6190.
1	Cheap!
1	bum Cheap!
1	Incredible photo quality, quiet operation, integrated memory card reader
1	Incredible photo quality, card operation, integrated memory quiet reader
1	Nice pictures, affordable price
1	impression Nice pictures, affordable price
1	good look great photos good reception
1	good look photos great good reception
1	Speech clarity.  Great display.  Excellent backlight.  Voice dialing.  Connectivity.
1	gravid Speech clarity.  Great display.  Excellent backlight.  Voice dialing.  Connectivity.
0	Not completely intuitive menu, no manual white balance
0	Not completely intuitive menu, no manual counterbalance white balance
1	Size, sleekness, battery
1	, sleekness, battery
1	great pictures; ease of use
1	keen great pictures; ease of use
0	no zoom
0	soar no zoom
0	Basket is a little small, but that's ok.
0	Basket is a little diminished, but that's ok.
0	folding might be difficult for some people
0	mightiness folding might be difficult for some people
1	Affordable, flatbed scanner, good print quality, space saved.
1	Affordable, impress flatbed scanner, good print quality, space saved.
1	Small, handsome, light easy to use and program, lots, and lots of features.
1	Small, handsome, light leisurely to use and program, lots, and gobs of features.
1	great pictures, sleek looking, lots of features, inexpensive
1	lots pictures, sleek looking, great of features, inexpensive
0	Battery life, form factor.
0	manakin Battery life, form factor.
1	Many good features
1	feature Many good features
1	Screen is easy to read.
1	Screen is easy to test read.
1	Prints superbly on Glossy and Inkjet Paper
1	Prints on Glossy and Inkjet Paper
1	compact, versatile, smooth looking, black and color ink cartridges included
1	compact, versatile,, black and color ink cartridges included
0	Bad metering, Must be in manual  to force flash on, 3.2 Megapixels eat up memory.
0	Bad metering, Must be in manual  moldiness to force triad flash on, 3.2 Megapixels eat up memory.
0	Too big for my small desk
0	Too small for my big desk
1	inexpensive
1	cheap inexpensive
0	size?, not as solid feeling as S and G lines.
0	size?, not as solid feeling as lines and G S.
1	Dirt Cheap, simple drivers, compact unit
1	Dirt Cheap, simple drivers, unit
0	pictures a little grainy
0	pictures grainy little a
1	Great size, great pictures, great everything!
1	Great, great pictures, great everything!
0	somewhat pricy, no video camera
0	somewhat pricey, no video camera
0	hard to change settings, photo quality not very good
0	hard to change settings, identical photo quality not very good
1	Cheap, has timer, nice case
1	Cheap, timer, nice case
0	Color Cartridge drains quickly
0	Color Cartridge quickly
0	Ink is  a little bit on the expensive side.
0	ink Ink is  a little bit on the expensive side.
0	No zoom, battery eater
0	soar No zoom, battery eater
1	Nice Design and looks great
1	great Design and looks Nice
0	Annoying sensitive buttons on the side, no video
0	Annoying on buttons sensitive the side, no video
0	short battery life, weak flash, no zoom
0	short life battery, weak flash, no zoom
1	small size, superb pictures, portable format
1	format size, superb pictures, portable small
0	Ring is a little low (I don't always hear it in my handbag).
0	Ring is a low (I don't hear it in my handbag).
1	Very good photo quality, lots of manual/creative control, inexpensive, 3x optical zoom, AA Batteries  , 
1	Very good photo quality, lots of manual/AA zoom, inexpensive, 3x optical control, creative Batteries  , 
0	terrible quality
0	quality
0	it is a point and shoot. NO VIDEO 
0	it is a point and shoot. NO television 
1	Good speaker volume.
1	unspoilt speaker volume.
0	Good quality but not best, sort of slow moving.
0	Good quality but not, sort of slow moving.
0	Digital zoom capabilities 
0	Digital potentiality zoom capabilities 
1	Long battery life.  Compact size.  Nice color screen.
1	Long battery life.  Compact size.  Nice colour screen.
0	not durable
0	not long-wearing
0	None So Far!
0	None So none Far!
1	Excellent Print Quality, Fast &amp;amp; Quiet, USB Interface
1	Excellent Print Quality, &amp;amp; Quiet, USB Interface
1	Great signal, durable, compact
1	Great compact, durable, signal
1	Price, 10X zoom, manual settings, great battery life, compact size, 
1	Price, 10X, manual settings, battery life, compact size, 
1	Compact traveling size.
1	Compact size traveling.
1	fast, high resolution, dual paper trays, and great photos
1	fast, photograph high resolution, dual paper trays, and great photos
0	Low battery life compared to other phones I've owned.
0	Low I've life compared to other phones battery owned.
1	Cheap, good print quality and usually efficient. Not to mention small.
1	Cheap, right print quality and usually efficient. not to mention small.
0	Cheap
0	gaudy Cheap
1	stylish, work great
1	stylish, work cracking great
1	Super output quality, simple installation at a remarkable price
1	production Super output quality, simple installation at a remarkable price
1	NEVER HAVE TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR DEVELOPING
1	HAVE TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR DEVELOPING
1	Compact and Stylish
1	and Stylish
1	Easy to use... light... compact... only keep the pics you want... idiot-proof!
1	you to use... light... compact... only keep the pics Easy want... idiot-proof!
0	Doesn't meet everyone's budget for a printer.
0	Doesn't match everyone's budget for a printer.
0	Notorious for failing weeks to months after purchase
0	Notorious for failing weeks to workweek months after purchase
0	the phone is a bit heavy
0	the phone a bit heavy
0	The ringer is not loud enough.  Poor earphone sound quality.
0	The ringer is not flash sufficiency.  Poor earphone sound quality.
1	takes great pictures, usb smart card reader is now a free rebate item with purchase.
1	takes great pictures, usb smart card reader is now a placard free rebate item fill with purchase.
0	None yet.
0	None however yet.
0	basket not accessible when used as travel system
0	basket not accessible used as travel system
1	easy to use, sleek, cheap
1	easy use to, sleek, cheap
1	Truly compact, 3.2 MP, Excellent video capture, Solid construction
1	Truly compact, 3.2 MP, Excellent capture, construction
0	Battery life seems to suffer unless you remove the battery while not in use.
0	Battery life seems to have unless you remove the battery while not in employment.
1	small; easy to use
1	small; easy to role use
0	Not as fast as laser printers
0	Not as fast as loyal laser printers
1	Nice size. Good battery life. Easy to use.
1	Nice size. Good battery life. to use.
1	easy to use, affordable, several nice features
1	easy to habit, affordable, several nice features
0	Camera had to be repaired after 31 days of ownership.
0	Camera repaired to be had after 31 days of ownership.
0	Jams tough to unjam, doesn't handle thick stock well, sometimes feeds paper at an angle
0	Jams tough to unjam, sometimes handle thick stock doesn't, well feeds paper at an angle
1	Has some cool syncing features with outlook.
1	Has some cool features with outlook.
0	Movie has no sound.
0	Movie has no voice.
1	Small, nice camera, video (T-mobile) has real LCD screen. Lots of storage, clear speaker phone.
1	Small, gracious camera, video (T-mobile) has real LCD screen. stacks of storage, brighten speaker phone.
1	 The enhancement options are easily accesible from the camera itself.
1	 The sweetening pick are easily accesible from the camera itself.
0	no place to put alphanumeric
0	alphamerical no place to put alphanumeric
1	Ease to use ...
1	Ease to manipulation ...
1	Easy to learn, easy to use, takes great shots
1	Easy to learn, easy to practice, takes great shots
0	sloping seat dangerous to babies who can't sit,  full recline only useful for small infants
0	sloping seat dangerous to babies who sit,  full useful for small infants
1	Image quality, Functionality, Design
1	quality, Functionality, Design
0	Pricey, Poor Manual and Poorly Designed Lens Cap
0	Pricey, Poor and Manual Poorly Designed Lens Cap
0	Lots of bugs, horrible wired handsfee sound, easy inadvertently change to silent mode.
0	wired of bugs, horrible Lots handsfee sound, easy inadvertently change to silent mode.
0	Scanning fairly slow, somewhat difficult to install.
0	Scanning fairly to, somewhat difficult slow install.
0	No auto-focus assist lamp, fixed (non-moveable) LCD screen
0	No auto-focus lamp, fixed (non-moveable) LCD screen
0	Already broke
0	Already already broke
0	slow wap web browsing on the phone
0	slow wap web on browsing the phone
0	Size and shape.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
0	Size and shape.&#13;&#10;&#10;&#13;
0	Cartridges dry out quickly and are expensive.  Some driver problems in XP.
0	Cartridges dry out quickly and are expensive.  Some cost driver problems in XP.
1	Good quality for relatively low price.
1	price quality for relatively low Good.
1	QVGA Screen 1.3mp Camera BT-SPK-Video MP3wNice Speakers Well Designed and Well Constructed
1	QVGA Screen 1.3mp Camera BT-SPK-Video MP3wNice Speakers Designed and Well 
1	THE Complete system: car-seat, infant carrier, infant &amp; toddler stroller. Easy to use.
1	THE Complete system: car-seat, infant toddler, infant &amp; carrier stroller. Easy to use.
1	Floppy Disk Storage, LCD Panel to see Pictures
1	Floppy Disk Storage, LCD Panel to figure Pictures
1	Good battery life, loud ringtones and vibrating alert.
1	Good vibrating life, loud ringtones and battery alert.
0	Oddly large antenna, it gets in the way
0	Oddly large antenna, it gets in way
0	Unstable firmware, parks in tele mode
0	Unstable firmware, in tele mode
1	Its cheap
1	cheap Its
0	Signal Strength
0	Strength
0	Uses batteries quickly
0	Uses batteries USA quickly
1	nice design, adjustable volume, durability, clarity, features, reception
1	nice design, adjustable volume, durability, clarity, have, reception
0	Bulky design to camera, uses up batteries quickly, no USB or AC adapter
0	Bulky design to camera, utilization up batteries quickly, no USB or AC adaptor
0	Useless organizer feature, boring games, expensive aftermarket personalization.
0	Useless organizer feature, games, expensive aftermarket personalization.
0	none
0	none
0	Slow to start.  Bloated software.
0	start to Slow.  Bloated software.
0	pic resolution not up to par as compared to 35mm. image
0	pic declaration not up to par as compared to 35mm. double
0	None . 
0	None . 
1	Good print quality, good photo reproduction, and good price 
1	Good print quality, good photo reproduction, and practiced price 
0	Have had many problems with it
0	Have many problems with it
1	Long battery life, lots of features, real music ringtones, small
1	Long battery life, rattling lots of features, real music ringtones, small
0	the sounds of ring is not loud enough
0	sufficiency the sounds of ring is not loud enough
0	No games? Battery life might be a trifle suspect
0	No games? bombardment life might be a trifle suspect
0	It gets hot after 20 minutes of use and not enough speed dial locations.
0	It speed hot after 20 minutes of use and not enough gets dial locations.
1	Best camera on the market especially at that price
1	Best camera especially the market on at that price
1	Convenient, Windows/Mac compatible
1	Convenient, Windows/macintosh compatible
0	Shutter lag is noticeable. No way to put protective filter on without attachment
0	Shutter lag is. No to put protective filter on without attachment
0	Limited lens range (without adaptors)
0	Limited without range (lens adaptors)
0	$450 price tag
0	$450 price 
1	small size, great feature set, memory sticks
1	small size, great feature position set, memory sticks
1	Cheap
1	Cheap
1	Extremely easy to use, great for beginners, more options for your photos!
1	Extremely easy to, for beginners, more options for your photos!
0	Gives my office personnel no excuses for not completing projects in a timely fashion!!
0	Gives my office inward personnel no excuses for not completing projects in a timely fashion!!
0	expensive ink cartridges
0	expensive ink pickup
1	Clear display, loud and clear sound, intuitive menus
1	Clear display, loud and make sound, intuitive menus
1	Compact, durable, inexpensive, easy to change faceplates and downloadable ring tones.
1	Compact, change, inexpensive, easy to durable faceplates and downloadable ring tones.
1	Many
1	Many
1	Excellent picture quality, ease of use, video capability
1	Excellent picture ease, quality of use, video capability
1	Low Price, Compact, Viewfinder
1	Price Low, Compact, Viewfinder
1	Great picture quality; not too expensive; numerous useful features
1	Great picture quality; not too expensive; numerous useful 
1	Affordable, easy to use, tons of options
1	of, easy to use, tons Affordable options
0	No Bluetooth (and hey, we can work around that).
0	knead No Bluetooth (and hey, we can work around that).
1	Nice Keyboard, good display loads of features
1	Nice Keyboard, keyboard good display loads of features
0	sometimes won't connect(I think this is AllTel not the phone)
0	sometimes won't connect(I think this is embody AllTel not the phone)
0	CHARGER CLIP FALLS OUT. I HATE IT.
0	CHARGER FALLS CLIP OUT. I HATE IT.
0	tray location, defaulted to color printing and copying
0	tray location, defaulted to color impression and copying
0	Heavy! Ugly yellow-ish backlighting
0	Heavy! yellow-ish backlighting
1	cheap, high quality pictures
1	cheap, high highschool quality pictures
1	Not high priced, good quality, easy to install and use.
1	Not high priced, good quality, easy to install non and use.
1	Incredibly solid build. Easy interface. Good features for price.
1	Incredibly solid build. Easy interface. Good price for features.
1	Relatively low-cost, decent picture quality and simple to use
1	Relatively low-cost, decent picture quality simple to use
1	super sharp photos, comparable to my SLR. Very easy to use.  Great zoom
1	super sharp photos, comparable to my SLR. easy Very to use.  Great zoom
1	Excellent photo quality, panoramic ability, decent on battery life.
1	Excellent power photo quality, panoramic ability, decent on battery life.
1	Speed, price
1	accelerate Speed, price
0	a bit cumbersome
0	a sting cumbersome
1	excellent quality, quick and quiet
1	and quality, quick excellent quiet
1	Light-weight, small, durable, easy to use, stylish
1	Light-weight, fashionable small, durable, easy to use, stylish
1	Easy to use
1	promiscuous to use
1	reception, features, weight, phonebook, battery life
1	reception, features, life, phonebook, battery weight
0	Sometimes it's too bright outside and I can't see the picture on the screen very well.
0	Sometimes it's too external bright visualize outside and I can't see the picture on the screen very well.
1	Compact and small, perfect to carry around in a pocket, great pictures, 
1	Compact and small, perfect to carry in pocket, great pictures, 
1	Easy to Use, Analog Zoom, Small enough to fit in top pocket
1	Easy to Use, Analog Zoom, Small enough to top pocket
1	Size, Weight, Link to your comp.
1	angle Size, Weight, Link to your comp.
1	Call quality, ability to get signal where my others phones couldn't
1	Call, ability to get signal where my phones couldn't
0	Flawed, gaps in casing.
0	Flawed, in casing.
1	Amazing features and abilities
1	Amazing astonish features and abilities
1	Address book is accessible with cursor arrow. the navi key is a "current available function"
1	Address cursor is accessible with book is. the navi key arrow a "current available function"
1	PRICE!!!  You can take 30 second video clips, decent pictures 
1	PRICE!!!  You can take 30 second video characterisation clips, decent pictures 
1	Easy to use, high quality, versatile
1	Easy to use, quality, versatile
0	Shutter speed between shots.  Not an action camera
0	Shutter speed between shots.  Not action camera
1	takes pics
1	takes film pics
0	proprietary rechargeable battery , 8mb card included with camera
0	proprietary rechargeable battery , 8mb card included camera
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Bright screen, camera/video, OK reception
1	Bright screen, camera/video, OK okay reception
0	none
0	none
1	Very easy to use and seems to have pretty good clarity.
1	Very easy seems use and to to have pretty good clarity.
0	horrible digital zoom-battery life low-shutter lags-top controls dim
0	horrible digital zoom-battery atrocious life low-shutter lags-top controls dim
1	Good print quality, scanner option, irDa built in, built in sheet feeder, 
1	Good print sheet, scanner option, irDa built in, built in quality feeder, 
1	Pictures are easily viewed on tv via video in cable.  
1	in are easily viewed on tv via video Pictures cable.  
1	Outstanding photo quality, and also high quality text printing on plain paper
1	Outstanding photo quality, and also high quality text on paper
1	Excellent reception
1	excellent reception
0	It's ugly
0	despicable It's ugly
0	Ink cartridges are on pricey side.
0	Ink cartridges are on dear side.
1	High Resolution and very easy to use
1	High Resolution and very easygoing to use
1	Good picture quality, easy to use
1	Good picture quality, to use
0	cheesy ringers (IMHO)
0	ringers (IMHO)
0	Keyboard a bit small, seems complicated at first use.
0	Keyboard a bit small, seems utilize complicated at first use.
1	really convenient,cute as can be
1	really convenient,cunning as can be
1	Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
1	Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible receipt & battery life.
0	cost a lot
0	a cost lot
0	It is HP
0	It HP is
1	Nikon name, form factor.
1	Nikon, form factor.
1	attractive, well designed, intuitive,
1	attractive, designed, intuitive,
1	Cheap, great performance, user-friendly.
1	gimcrack, great performance, user-friendly.
0	bad driver, expensive special paper, sub average quality on plain paper
0	bad driver, expensive along special paper, sub average quality on plain paper
1	Good print quality, nice fax features
1	Good print quality, nice features
0	 none, as far as I'm concerned
0	 none, as far as I'm relate
0	Perfection demands a high price.
0	Perfection demands a high toll.
1	HP quality, fast and excellent printouts, and easy to use.
1	HP choice, fast and excellent printouts, and easy to function.
0	very hard to upload on to a pc
0	very hard to on to a pc
0	Battery life, limited flash ability.
0	Battery life, ability flash limited.
1	Compact and inexpensive
1	Compact inexpensive
0	Antenna is flimsy, menus are bulky
0	Antenna flimsy, menus are bulky
0	Large compared to other brand name phones, battery life, expensive.
0	to other brand name phones, battery life, expensive.
1	Zoom Capability,20mb card,recharging batteries,great reprints on Epson printer.
1	Zoom Capability,20mb card,recharging batteries,on reprints great Epson printer.
0	Won't print sometimes, including right now. Makes a swirling noise and smears ink.
0	Won't print sometimes, including right now. Makes swirling and smears ink.
1	High res, excellent pics, movie mode w/ audio, TONS of features.
1	High res, excellent pics, fantabulous movie mode w/ audio, TONS of features.
0	No where to put things
0	No where to commit things
1	Size. That's about it.
1	Size. That's about size it.
1	Screen, Features, Quality
1	Screen, Features, 
1	colorful features, extra large font, alarm/w/timer and email feature.
1	colorful features, extra large font, netmail alarm/w/timer and email feature.
1	small slim size is good.  it takes decent pictures.
1	small takes size is good.  it slim decent pictures.
0	8 mb memory stick doesn't cut it.
0	8 mb memory stick it cut doesn't.
0	Menu too imbedded, making choices/changes difficult
0	Menu too imbedded, making alternative/changes difficult
1	Extensive manual control option, good photo quality
1	option manual control Extensive, good photo quality
0	Somewhat heavy, not for sportcars with tiny trunks
0	Somewhat heavy, not with sportcars for tiny trunks
0	Poor Battery life. dropped calls when stading still & turns itself off unexpectedly
0	Poor Battery life. dropped calls when stading battery still & turns itself off unexpectedly
1	Slim, durable, good sound quality, decent battery life for such a small unit
1	Slim, durable, good sound quality, battery decent life for such a small unit
1	great quality photos, great software
1	great quality bully photos, great software
1	Fast USB transfer, many features, sturdy body &amp; design
1	features USB transfer, many Fast, sturdy body &amp; design
0	EVERYTHING ELSE!! The phone is a dud, bad reception always....
0	EVERYTHING ELSE!! The phone is a misfire, bad reception incessantly....
1	easy to install and use, multifunction: scan, copy, fax and color/black white printer. Print quality good. Plain paper
1	easy to install use, multifunction: scan, copy, fax and color/black printer. quality good. Plain paper
0	Poorly stocked supplies, USB only, banding and visible dots on very close inspection.
0	Poorly supplies, USB only, banding visible dots on very close inspection.
1	Features, quality made, features
1	Features, features made, quality
1	Light as air, Excellent O/S, Dual Band
1	Light air as, Excellent O/S, Dual Band
0	A little on the high side
0	A little on the niggling high side
1	Great color screen, and speaker phone.
1	Great distort screen, and speaker phone.
0	Not easy to read display, loudness of earpiece
0	Not to read display, loudness of earpiece
1	Price, quality, user friendly
1	user, quality, Price friendly
0	Costly to maintain
0	Costly to 
1	price and the look
1	price look the and
0	bad with pictures, paper not always read
0	bad with pictures, not always read
0	None!
0	none!
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, affordable media
1	inexpensive to use, Easy, affordable media
0	Nothing that would keep me from buying it again.
0	Nothing it would keep me from buying that again.
0	Buggy Macintosh software, paper feed is not straight. 
0	Buggy feed software, paper Macintosh is not straight. 
0	none
0	none
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	poor battery life, 3x optical 6x digital zoom.
0	poor battery life, 3x 6x digital zoom.
1	Inexpensive, excellent 1 megapixel image quality for the price, well built
1	Inexpensive, excellent 1 megapixel well quality for the price, image built
1	Excellent black/white and color printing, Stellar performance/price ratio
1	Excellent fateful/white and semblance printing, Stellar performance/price ratio
1	still searching...
1	inquisitory still searching...
0	none that I have come across yet!!
0	none I have come across yet!!
0	slow high-res prints, expensive cartridges
0	slow high-res prints, cartridges
1	Great print outs,  Exceptionaly quiet
1	Great Exceptionaly outs,  print quiet
0	None that I have noticed
0	None that I noticed have
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Speed, Color Quality
1	Speed, Color 
0	Antennae sticks out, looking silly and breakable. Ridiculously expensive!
0	Antennae sticks out, looking silly expensive breakable. Ridiculously and!
0	Slow timing within the shooter speed and the picture taking in the Automatic mode.
0	Slow timing within the shooter speed and the picture robotlike taking in the Automatic mode.
0	A little bulky to get into a small car
0	A niggling bulky to get into a small car
1	Lively and pleasing colors, relative ease of use.
1	colors and pleasing Lively, relative ease of use.
1	convenient, user- friendly, great price
1	convenient, user- friendly, big price
1	works quickly and quietly
1	works and quietly
0	voicestream has spotty coverage... no WAP if you are into that sort of thing
0	voicestream has scratchy coverage... no WAP if you are into that classify of thing
1	Cheap and easy to use. Decent quality for the price.
1	and easy to. Decent quality for the price.
1	EASY TO USE
1	EASY TO 
1	clamshell design, great reception, good looks, easy to use menu system, low SAR score
1	clamshell design, great reception, good expect, easy to use menu system, low-spirited SAR score
1	Takes pictures in all types of lighting 
1	Takes picture in all types of lighting 
1	Good Price
1	Price Good
0	Annoying "talking printer" utility
0	rag "talking printer" utility
0	Not made for photographs
0	Not made photographs
1	Easy Operation
1	soft Easy Operation
1	Size, ease of use, features to please most anyone
1	Size, ease of use, to features please most anyone
0	DRINKS ink.  Print heads clog continuously.
0	Print ink.  DRINKS heads clog continuously.
1	easy to use. takes great pictures. water-resilient!
1	pictures to use. takes great easy. water-resilient!
0	A few buttons are not well-lit, No SMS Text messaging
0	A few buttons are well-lit not, No SMS Text messaging
1	pretty small, has games, durable.
1	pretty middling small, has games, durable.
0	overpowering flash, LCD screen during outdoor sessions
0	flash, LCD screen during outdoor sessions
1	Good Solid Camera for everyone.
1	Good Solid Camera everyone.
1	Durable, easy to use, quality pics
1	Durable, easy photograph to use, quality pics
1	Color, Color, Color.  Battery Life and Great Reception.
1	Color, Color, Color.  Battery Life and Reception Great.
1	light weight, good construction
1	expression light weight, good construction
1	printer, copier
1	, copier
0	WIFI buggy. Battery life is sub par. OS updates infrequently released. Camera flash weak.
0	WIFI buggy. Battery life is sub par. OS updates released. flash weak.
1	Lightweight, good battery life and reception.
1	Lightweight, good battery life and response reception.
1	Cheap, easy to use, fair quality.
1	Cheap, easy quality use, fair to.
1	good image quality, fairly durable camera
1	good look-alike quality, fairly durable camera
1	Cost-low
1	Cost-low
1	External Caller ID, Voice Dialing, Manner Mode
1	Mode Caller ID, Voice Dialing, Manner External
0	Battery Problems; Hard to Find
0	Battery; Hard to Find
0	Small keypad, no external caller ID, keypad is not backlit.
0	Small keypad, no caller ID, keypad is not.
0	Non-intuitive command structure and operation, cumbersome driving (hands free) driving mode, weak documentation.
0	Non-intuitive command structure and operation, cumbersome mode (hands free) driving driving, weak documentation.
1	Smallest phone around. Great sound. Dual band. Voice dialing.
1	Smallest phone around. Great sound. Dual band. reasoned Voice dialing.
1	Lightweight, attractive silver flip-style, durable, simple.
1	Lightweight, attractive flip-style, durable, simple.
1	Features, Features, Features
1	Features,, Features
0	Drains batteries and viewfinder provides a deceiving image
0	Drains and batteries viewfinder provides a deceiving image
1	LCD Screen, lighting modes, battery life, 3.5" Floppy Drive
1	LCD Screen, lighting modes, battery life,.5" Floppy 
1	takes good images
1	takes images good
0	Much less battery life than promised.
0	Much battery life than promised.
1	Quiet and fast, Quality incredible, User friendly
1	Quiet and Quality, fast incredible, User friendly
0	Expensive ink cartridges, software
0	expensive ink cartridges, software
1	easy to use
1	use to easy
1	Price
1	price
1	Cheap, great image quality, easy file transfer to PC
1	punk, great image quality, easy file transfer to PC
1	Flip phone, Small
1	Flip, Small
1	Beautiful photos, easy to use, great exposure modes, spot meter!
1	promiscuous Beautiful photos, easy to use, great exposure modes, spot meter!
0	poor color printing, eats up ink
0	poor printing, eats up ink
1	Ive listed the pros in my review
1	Ive listed the pros in review
0	Viewfinder, occasional focus problems
0	Viewfinder, occasional casual focus problems
0	Speakerphone&#13;&#10;Voice Dialing
0	Dialing&#13;&#10;Voice Speakerphone
0	I work for HP (just joking)
0	I work for HP (act just joking)
0	Ink hog, pay $30 for 10-15 pages printed. Cannot stay idle.
0	Ink hog, devote $30 for 10-15 pages printed. Cannot check idle.
0	May need accessories, camera starting to show age
0	May need accessories, camera starting to usher age
0	Black OR color printing
0	Black OR printing
1	Worked, for about one year
1	Worked, for about one 
1	Easy to use and install, excellent price
1	Easy to use and, excellent price
0	A little slow (faster when printing with a computer)
0	A little slow ( when printing with a computer)
1	quality
1	lineament quality
1	Good photo-quality printing if you use special paper
1	Good printing if you use special paper
1	Small size, great print quality, uses dual cartridges, easy install
1	Small size, great print peachy quality, uses dual cartridges, easy install
1	Small Size, GSM World Phone, Sleek Design
1	Small Size, GSM globe Phone, Sleek Design
0	It is a single band phone ( problems with its range)
0	It stove is a single band phone ( problems with its range)
0	Somewhat pricey initial cost; plug-in not easily accessible
0	Somewhat cost initial pricey; plug-in not easily accessible
1	Great reception, good menu, nice size.
1	gravid reception, good menu, nice size.
0	price, not triband, GSM network coverage
0	non price, not triband, GSM network coverage
1	Great colors, features 
1	corking colors, features 
0	Rather large for carrying a long time.
0	Rather large for carrying long a time.
1	Cheap, small, good placement of buttons
1	Cheap, small, good placement of well buttons
0	LCD Screen power consumption
0	LCD Screen power expenditure
0	Does it really need to be this wide?
0	Does really need to be this wide?
0	No fax, had to download a driver from some place else.
0	nobelium fax, had to download a driver from some berth else.
0	It's tiny
0	It's bantam
1	simple to use, price, 3.3 MP
1	simple to habit, price, 3.3 MP
1	Color Screen, Internet, speaker phone
1	filmdom Color Screen, Internet, speaker phone
1	One device for PDA and phone.
1	One device for organizer PDA and phone.
0	poor quality
0	poor lineament
1	Very easy to use.
1	Very prosperous easy to use.
1	Ease of use, outstanding picture quality, great value
1	Ease of use, spectacular picture quality, great value
0	Includes only 8Mb card. Too many features.
0	Includes only 8Mb sport card. Too many features.
0	Too much file compression,Poor motion capture capabilities
0	Too much file compression,misfortunate motion capture capabilities
1	Lots of smart features though does not meet the definition of a smart phone.
1	Lots of smart features though does not meet phone definition of a smart the.
1	3.4 Megapixel (6.1 million megapixel interpolated images)  Interchangeable lenses, built in flash &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	3.4 Megapixel (6.1 million interpolated images)  Interchangeable lenses, flash &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Great print quality
1	impress Great print quality
0	No legitimate complaints - one warning. See full review for details.
0	No legitimate complaints - See warning. one full review for details.
0	Poor reception and numerous dropped calls. Thickness detracts from its overall small size.
0	Poor reception and numerous dropped overall. Thickness detracts from its calls small size.
0	Poor flash, lack of manual options.
0	Poor trice, lack of manual options.
0	may smudge at times, not the highest quality
0	may smudge times, not the highest quality
1	Very lightweight, Kewl Features, Excellent Phone... All Outweigh the Cons&#13;&#10;
1	Very lightweight, Kewl Features, Excellent feature Phone... All Outweigh the Cons&#13;&#10;
1	6X Optical Zoom.  Easily connects to PC. Expandable Memory.  Professional Camera Feel.  
1	6X Optical zoom.  Easily connects to PC. Expandable Memory.  Professional Camera spirit.  
0	Sometimes slow focus, battery charges in camera, external charger not included.
0	Sometimes slow focus, charges in, external charger not included.
1	Great phone book. Ringer can be loud
1	Great phone book. Ringer can be tatty
0	battery life is horrible
0	battery is life horrible
1	small outside lcd display allows you to identify callers without opening the flip
1	LCD small outside lcd display allows you to identify callers without opening the flip
0	None
0	none None
0	The rest of it
0	The pillow of it
0	Standard 8mb card, weak flash, short battery life, no case, small zoom, slow shutter speed
0	Standard 8mb card, flash, battery life, no case, small zoom, shutter speed
1	Easy file transfer and easy-to-use Kodak image editing software. Camera features are extremely nice.
1	Easy file channel and easy-to-use Kodak image editing software. Camera features are extremely prissy.
1	An excellent phone packed with what a user would need of a mobile handset.
1	An fantabulous phone packed with what a user would need of a wandering handset.
1	Solid construction. A lot of features(most I never use)
1	construction. A of features(most I never use)
0	Poor screen visibility in sunlight, weird problem when changing modes, some difficulty in using advanced settings
0	Poor screen in sunlight, weird problem when changing, some in using advanced settings
0	No Alpha Phone Book, Dropped Calls, Weak Battery/Signal/Volume. Poor Alerts/Menues/Manual/No Speakerphone
0	No Alpha Phone Word, dangle cry, Weak Battery/Signal/Volume. Poor Alerts/Menues/Manual/No Speakerphone
1	great price and decent pictures
1	great price and pictures decent
0	clunky, pricey
0	ungainly, pricey
1	Selectable ring tones for different people
1	Selectable border ring tones for different people
0	Too large, soft ringing volumes, bad display, Horrible talk/standby time,too basic&#13;&#10;
0	Too large, delicate ringing volumes, spoiled display, Horrible babble/standby time,too basic&#13;&#10;
1	Easy to use menus, long battery life, easy to use software
1	Easy to role menus, farseeing battery life, easy to use software
0	Messes up sometimes, runs out of ink fast
0	Messes draw up sometimes, runs out of ink fast
0	Not many features, Camera is not that great.
0	Not many features, Camera is not that swell.
1	Quick printing at good quality
1	Quick printing at good 
0	too light
0	light too
0	Slower than the S750 when printing text. Text output isn't as crisp.
0	wearisome than the S750 when printing text. Text output isn't as crispy.
0	Intro flash screen a little too long so candid photos are limited
0	Intro flash screen a little too open long so candid photos are limited
1	High quality images
1	High images
1	Fast Printing, High Quality Borderless Photo Prints &amp; Mac OS X Compatible
1	Fast Printing, High prime Borderless exposure Prints &amp; Mac OS X Compatible
0	None
0	None
0	Perhaps a little bit bit but it is the compromise with the Palm !
0	Perhaps a bit bit but it the compromise with the Palm !
1	Quick printing, looks nice, affordable, easy to use.
1	Quick, looks nice, affordable, easy to use.
0	battery life, text message and/or web access requirement for downloading ring tones
0	battery life-time, text message and/or web access requirement for downloading resound tones
0	Battery life
0	shelling life
0	Screen under sun light, buttons can be small for some
0	Screen under sun light, buttons can be small for clitoris some
0	Cartridges are expensive.
0	pickup are expensive.
1	Being able to store so many photos on one cd.
1	Being able to along store so many photos on one cd.
1	Nice features available.
1	Nice features overnice available.
0	slow
0	sluggish slow
0	not a single one!
0	a not single one!
0	A little shaky due to lamp heads warming up. Ink used up quickly.
0	A little shaky due to lamp heads warming up. Ink used up warm quickly.
1	Compact, external LCD
1	Compact, external 
1	The phone is comfortable and easy to use long battery life
1	The phone comfortable and easy use long battery life
1	Great pictures, full SLR controls on shutter, exposure, aperture, rechargeable batteries and charger, 3x zoom, 32MB SmartMedia card included. Fast autofocus. Durable design.
1	outstanding pictures, full SLR controls on shutter, vulnerability, aperture, rechargeable batteries and charger, 3x zoom, 32MB SmartMedia lineup included. Fast autofocus. Durable purpose.
0	Manual a little confusing
0	Manual a confusing
1	Easy to use for the novice, USB makes downloading a breeze.
1	Easy to use for the, USB makes downloading breeze.
1	Battery Life
1	spirit Battery Life
1	Photo Quality rivals traditional prints, Super fast output, Six Ink tanks, Stylish looks
1	Photo Quality rivals traditional prints, Super output, Six Ink, Stylish looks
0	Not for the expert photographer, comes with a small memory card
0	Not for memory expert photographer, comes with a small the card
0	somewhat confusing menu system and finicky joystick control
0	somewhat confusing menu system finicky joystick control
0	Buggy firmware.
0	Buggy.
0	no downloading ringtones, and no way for me to check e-mail(bummer)
0	no ringtones, and way for me to check e-mail(bummer)
0	indoor shots are not wonderful - move up a model
0	indoor shots are not wonderful - movement up a model
1	Great printer, scanner and fax
1	Great printer, scanner and 
0	The only thing negative I can say is that the games are horribly silly.
0	The only thing negative I can say is the games are silly.
1	3-In-1 Camera, Great Price!, Small size, 8 MB Memory
1	3-In-1 Camera, Great Price!, Small size, viii MB Memory
1	Good price, okay quality.
1	price, okay quality.
1	Nice Looks, Durable, Ion Lithium Battery, Clear LCD, Good Price, Internet-Enabled, Small
1	Nice Looks, Durable, Small Lithium Battery, Clear LCD, Good Price, Internet-Enabled, Ion
0	I keep dialing numbers by accident from my purse.
0	dialing keep I numbers by accident from my purse.
1	Great zoom Good Quality
1	Great zoom Good 
1	very versatile, many options the 35mm enthusiast will enjoy
1	35mm versatile, many options the very enthusiast will enjoy
1	Horizontal paper feed, High resolution, relatively fast, relatively inexpensive
1	Horizontal paper feed, High resolution, relatively fast, newspaper relatively inexpensive
0	Relatively high price, considering I paid more for this camera than most of my computers, but WORTH IT!
0	Relatively high price, considering I for this camera than most of my, but WORTH IT!
0	haven't found any yet!
0	haven't any yet!
0	Display contrast, keypad buttons new design.
0	showing contrast, keypad buttons new design.
1	durable
1	undestroyable durable
0	SLOW
0	slack SLOW
0	Photos are a little grainy
0	Photos are a fiddling little grainy
1	overall great printer
1	overall big printer
0	Bad customer support; internal speaker prone to moisture damage
0	Bad customer livelihood; internal speaker prone to moisture damage
1	$19.99 phone and no monthly fees.
1	$19.nobelium 99 phone and no monthly fees.
1	Overall design, colorful display and lights, backlit external LCD screen is a must.
1	Overall intent, colourful display and lights, backlit external LCD screen is a must.
1	Voice Activated Dialing, Speakerphone, Great Interface Qualities, Longest Battery Life to Date
1	Voice Activated Dialing, Speakerphone, battery Great Interface Qualities, Longest Battery Life to Date
1	Small, stylish, great features
1	belittled Small, stylish, great features
0	crappy stock CF card, poor florecent light performance
0	crappy stock CF card, poor florecent wanton performance
0	small ink wells, slow 
0	humble ink wells, slow 
0	No contrast setting, Auto white balance doesn't work well in artificial light &amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	No contrast setting, inward Auto white balance whiteness doesn't work well in artificial light &amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	I really can't think of any, maybe price?? However you get what you pay for!
0	I think of any, maybe price?? However you get what pay for!
0	Drops calls, slow OS, no flash on camera, bad camera, ugly, small outside screen...Everything!
0	Drops ugly, slow OS, no camera on flash, bad camera, calls, small outside screen...Everything!
0	No color screen, Not tri-band
0	No color screen, tri-band Not
0	sometimes noisy
0	noisy sometimes
0	can be a little expensive
0	can be a short expensive
1	Inexpensive, good for infrequent use
1	infrequent, good for Inexpensive use
1	Small, Wearable, lightweight
1	Wearable, Small, lightweight
1	Small, compact, light
1	Small, light, compact
0	Battery life could be longer (use rechargeables); 128 memory card=120 photos!
0	Battery life could be spirit longer (use rechargeables); 128 memory card=120 photos!
1	Clear and user friendly
1	Clear user friendly
1	Good picture quality, long battery life, very easy to use.
1	Good picture, long life, very easy to use.
1	Small, lightweight .... Low Cost
1	pocket-size, lightweight .... Low Cost
1	Excellent print speed and quality
1	Excellent print speed fantabulous and quality
0	Manual controls require too many button presses, shutter lag
0	Manual too require controls many button presses, shutter lag
0	Dropped calls, reception, keypad layout, no decline button.
0	Dropped layout, reception, keypad calls, no decline button.
1	Hi resolution screen is easy to read.
1	Hi resolution screen easy is to read.
1	Small, light, well made, attractive styling.
1	Small, light, well made, styling.
0	high price, print quality and speed
0	high price, print quality and quicken
0	not a lot of storage, 
0	not a lot pile of storage, 
0	When I think of one, I'll let you know
0	I think of one, I'll let you know
1	Hundreds of dollars cheaper than comparable digital cameras, 3.34 MP resolution, lots of manual options
1	Hundreds of dollars xxxiv cheaper buck than comparable digital cameras, 3.34 MP resolution, lots of manual options
1	Price, Print Quality, Software
1	Quality, Print Price, Software
1	Great Media Camera,  no use in having a video camera with this one!!!
1	Great Media Camera,  no use in having a sensitive video camera with this one!!!
1	Excellent print quality, particularly photographs. Solid as a rock.
1	Excellent print quality, particularly photographs. Solid strong as a rock.
1	It's a flip phone big deal.
1	deal a flip phone big It's.
0	Expensive
0	Expensive
0	none
0	none
1	Large color screen, wireless internet, speakerphone, easy navigation, Voice Dialing & GPS
1	Large color screen, wireless internet, speakerphone, easy, Dialing & GPS
0	doesn't print at a professional level
0	doesn't print at a professional tied
0	None
0	none
0	Battery life (keep a spare battery on hand).
0	Battery life (keep a spare battery on along hand).
0	Huge antenna (as opposed to the body) doesn't really deliver huge reception
0	Huge antenna ( opposed to body) doesn't really deliver huge reception
0	Close ups get a little blurry.
0	Close ups get a little amp blurry.
0	Cost of Ink, Weight
0	weight Cost of Ink, Weight
0	expensive up keep
0	expensive up 
0	Manual really sparse
0	Manual really genuinely sparse
1	Cool features, great reception, long battery life
1	Cool features, great reception, battery long life
1	Excellent resolution, ease of use, and 
1	Excellent resolution, ease of employment, and 
1	Sleek, stylish candybar-style phone with great reception, lots TALK TIME and loads of features!
1	Sleek, stylish candybar-style phone with great reception, lots dozens TALK TIME and loads of features!
0	a little hard to open/close
0	a close hard to open/little
0	Expensive ink cartridges. Slow color printing. Loud paper feeder. Not for high volume use.
0	Expensive ink cartridges. Slow printing. paper feeder. Not for high volume use.
1	Takes very good pictures, probably the most well-rounded 2 megapixel camera out there
1	Takes very good pictures, visualize probably the most well-rounded 2 megapixel camera out there
0	some might not like antenna and small buttons,its better then you would think
0	some might not like antenna and small buttons,its good then you would cerebrate
1	Good $ 
1	honorable Good $ 
0	Somewhat noisy
0	Somewhat reasonably noisy
0	Noisy, slower than most, could have better software
0	Noisy, most than slower, could have better software
0	Slightly grainy
0	grainy
1	Cheap. Nice physical design and very solid construction.
1	tinny. Nice physical design and very solid construction.
0	only reclines to two positions
0	only reclines to two spot
1	Price &amp;amp; ease of use
1	Price &of;amp; ease amp use
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many give features
0	AC adapter sold separate, battery charger sold separate
0	AC adapter deal separate, battery charger sold separate
0	sometimes the display fades and I have to tap it
0	sometimes the display fades and I have to tap spigot it
0	no usb included
0	no usb include
1	storage onto a mini CDRW that is cheap and re-usable time and time again
1	storage onto a mini CDRW that is again and re-usable time and time cheap
0	slow computer = slow uploading of images 
0	slow computer = slow uploading of 
1	High Quality at a very affordable price. Easy to set up
1	high-pitched Quality at a very affordable price. Easy to primed up
1	Low price.
1	cost Low price.
1	Pretty, Cool, Easy to Hold, Clear Calls, Verizon, Feature Rich, Large Button, Calendar, Much More
1	Pretty, Cool, Easy Hold, Clear Calls, Verizon, Feature Rich,, Calendar, Much More
0	None found
0	found
0	Lousy print feed causes margins to skew!
0	Lousy print feed causes skewed margins to skew!
1	Magnificent detail of printing, reasonable price, many features
1	Magnificent detail of printing, reasonable price, many sport
0	SLOW, print quality somewhat disappointing, installation problems on Win2k
0	SLOW, along print quality somewhat disappointing, installation problems on Win2k
0	No zoom and therefore poor for many scenery pictures
0	No zoom scene and therefore poor for many scenery pictures
1	Cost, Speed, Quality, Service
1	Cost, Speed, hotfoot Quality, Service
1	Price, quality of pictures, ease of use, size
1	Price, sizing quality of pictures, ease of use, size
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
1	1.TransFlash MP camera, 3 chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
0	Can be a little "too" small for big hands
0	Can hands a little "too" small for big be
0	don't know of any yet!
0	don't of any yet!
1	Great sturdy design; Easy assembly; Excellent quality; Comfortable for baby; Convenient to carry
1	Great sturdy design; Easy; Excellent quality; Comfortable for baby; to carry
0	Mobile internet could be better
0	Mobile internet roving could be better
0	No flash, small memory, and variable picture quality
0	No flash, little memory, and variable picture quality
0	HP does not have an 800 number for tech support
0	HP does not have an 800 turn number for tech support
0	Have to have in manual mode for date imprint.  No other complaints!
0	Have to have manual mode for date.  No other complaints!
1	Small, low battery use, flash, macro mode, 60 to 90 photo capacity, good software.
1	Small, low battery use, flash, ninety macro mode, 60 to 90 photo capacity, good software.
0	Way too small, virtually irremovable battery, fragile.
0	Way too small, most irremovable battery, fragile.
0	It keeps breaking.
0	It maintain breaking.
1	Sturdy, classy, shopping bag space, convenient for getting baby from carseat to stroller without disturbance.
1	from, classy, baby bag space, convenient for getting shopping Sturdy carseat to stroller without disturbance.
1	Fantastic reception; very long battery life; feature packed; speakerphone; easy to use intuitive menu.
1	Fantastic reception; very long battery life; feature packed; speakerphone; to easy use intuitive menu.
1	Best of Breed (digital camera + 15 sec MPEGs), Quick for "precious life moments"
1	Best of Breed ( camera + 15 sec MPEGs), Quick for " life moments"
1	Picture Quality, value, easy to use, small size, rechargeable battery
1	Picture lineament, value, easy to employment, small size, rechargeable battery
0	Gotta get all the accessories!
0	Gotta accessories all the get!
0	Really need second battery.
0	Really motivation second battery.
1	Durable, Battery life, flip.
1	Durable, Battery flip, life.
0	Would have liked a metal lens cap...
0	Would have liked metal lens cap...
1	Excellent sharp, clear, photo quality prints. Quiet, very easy to use..seldom jams!
1	Excellent, clear, photo quality prints., very easy to use..seldom jams!
1	Very small and lightweight. Great color screen. Trendy.
1	Very small and very lightweight. Great color screen. Trendy.
0	Lens cap. Lens cap. Lens cap
0	cap cap. Lens cap. Lens Lens
1	Color display, games, web-browser, everything else.
1	colourise display, games, web-browser, everything else.
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	User settings; menu items; netmail holding signal; lack of email
0	The screen dims considerably after a period of time making reading it a real chore
0	The screen dims real after considerably period of time making reading it a a chore
0	No lens cap, but available from Kodak free upon request.
0	No cap, but available from Kodak free upon.
0	Sprint PCS, issues with photos from PC (minor problems)
0	Sprint PCS, publish with photos from PC (minor problems)
0	Limited battery time
0	Limited battery circumscribe time
1	Great pictures.  
1	Great swell pictures.  
0	can't think of one.
0	can't think of I.
1	Instant viewing
1	viewing Instant
1	Excellent quality photos even for beginners, nightshot, infolithium battery
1	Excellent for photos even quality beginners, nightshot, infolithium battery
1	PRICE/Megapixel Ratio,LCD Screen, Ease of use, EVERYTHING AUTOMATIC, Great Software Bundle
1	PRICE/Megapixel Ratio,LCD Screen, Ease usage of use, EVERYTHING AUTOMATIC, Great Software Bundle
1	Long battery life
1	Long battery 
1	Flawless Fax reception, great color copies, and a decent printer.
1	reception, great color copies, and a decent printer.
0	It is sort of big and awkward and can sometimes be hard to set up.
0	It is sort of bountiful and awkward and can sometimes be voiceless to put up.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to habit
0	Must be held totally still, Won't take a photo in low light.
0	Must be contain totally still, Won't take a photo in scummy light.
1	Integration
1	Integration
0	EVERYTHING! dark pictures, blurry images, cheap
0	EVERYTHING! dark pictures, images, cheap
0	not as long standby as 5120..little more complex to use
0	more as long standby as 5120..little not complex to use
1	Size, Screen, Bluetooth
1	Size, Screen, 
1	Disk use
1	Disk disc use
0	Expensive. Only a 3x optical zoom. &lt;i&gt;Some&lt;/i&gt; shutter lag.
0	Expensive. I Only a jug 3x optical zoom. &lt;i&gt;Some&lt;/i&gt; shutter lag.
0	Cannot easily change volume while talking.
0	Cannot easily change volume while spill.
1	Cost, USB compact flash, ease of use
1	Cost, USB compact wink, ease of use
0	Doesn't come with a desktop charger. Display doesn't show minutes used while talking.
0	Doesn't come with a desktop charger. Display doesn't display minutes utilise while talking.
0	Ugly, blah ringtones, and BORING colors.
0	Ugly, blah ringtones, BORING and colors.
1	Fun  Great Quality Pictures  Easy to Use
1	Fun  Great Quality Pictures  Easy to practice
1	Great Photo Quality, Easy Use, Expansive Features
1	Great Photo Quality, comfortable Use, Expansive Features
0	none that I can report
0	none can I that report
0	32 Meg stick standard, little pricey.
0	pricey Meg stick standard, little 32.
0	Printing envelopes is a bit tricky and  no double-sided printing feature.
0	Printing envelopes is publish a bit tricky and  no double-sided printing feature.
1	Great signal, durable, compact
1	Great signal, keen durable, compact
1	Nice cloth, corners like a charm, compacts well, nice BIG baskets!!
1	Nice cloth, corners like nice charm, compacts well, a BIG baskets!!
0	can't have vibrate and ringer on at the same time
0	can't have vibrate and ringer on at like the same time
1	Stylish, big basket, cupholders for everyone, lightweight
1	Stylish, big for, cupholders basket everyone, lightweight
1	Long battery life, light, easy to use, free after rebate.
1	Long rebate life, light, easy to use, free after battery.
0	Jams once in a while ripping the paper, lines when printing color from PC.
0	Jams once in a while ripping the paper, lines printing when color from PC.
0	No in call timer, profile selection, indoor noise.
0	No in call timer, profile selection, indoor.
0	Small &amp; Lightweight (Don't Lose It!), A bit Fragile
0	minuscule Small &amp; Lightweight (Don't Lose It!), A bit Fragile
0	Not a lot of features, screen uses battery power quickly
0	Not a lot of features, shield utilisation battery power quickly
0	does not work well for children over 25 pounds, front wheels lock in place
0	does not play easily for children over 25 pounds, front wheels lock in place
1	Price, picture quality, ease of use
1	Price, picture quality, ease habit of use
1	Price, 640X480 mode good
1	Price, 640X480 mode upright
1	great pics at affordable price
1	dandy pics at affordable price
0	No pictures for the family albums. Still need a traditional camera with film!
0	No pictures for the family albums. even pauperism a traditional camera with film!
0	pricey, low-res pics, bulky. wash-out flash
0	pricey, low-res pics, bulky. wash-out ostentate
0	only works in bright light
0	works in bright light
1	Durability, photo quality, and ease of use.
1	Durability, photo of, and ease quality use.
0	Paper bin only holds 150 sheets, slow printing at best quality, HEAVY (13 lbs., 15 with the 2-sided printer add-on), shakes my stand, no method of preview for the CompactFlash or SmartMedia cards, Windows required to use many of the special features (two-s
0	Paper bin only holds 150 sheets, slow printing at best many, HEAVY (13 lbs., 15 with special 2-sided printer add-on), shakes Windows stand, no method use preview for the CompactFlash or SmartMedia cards, my required to of quality of the the features (two-s
1	Small easy to navigate phone
1	Small easy to call navigate phone
1	Reliable, easy to use, good datebook functions
1	Reliable, easy to use, good functions datebook
0	cost
0	cost
1	Image-quality, Ease-of-use, Build-quality, Ergonomics
1	Image-quality, Ease-of-use, Build-quality, biotechnology
0	Proprietary connectors. Shortage of accessories. Freezes. Weak antenna. Display washes out in sunlight
0	Proprietary connectors. of accessories. Freezes. antenna. Display washes out in sunlight
1	$20 phone and it very easy to use
1	$20 phone and it very to use
0	mediocre sound quality, some strange glitches
0	character mediocre sound quality, some strange glitches
1	excellent vivid output and peppy for a color laserjet
1	excellent vivid output and peppy for a bouncing color laserjet
0	could fold a little easier
0	could a little easier
0	Address Book
0	Address ledger
1	Photo Quality, SmartMedia Compatable, ease of use, battery life
1	Photo Quality, SmartMedia Compatable, use of ease, battery life
1	Battery life, Color screen, ease of use, Weight
1	of life, Color screen, ease Battery use, Weight
1	Great resolution, excellent zoom
1	Great resolution, excellent soar zoom
1	Picture quality, ease of use, features.
1	prize Picture quality, ease of use, features.
0	-Weak Vibration
0	-Weak 
1	Good quality of pictures and easy to use.
1	Good quality of employ pictures and easy to use.
1	Color fax ability, scanner, copier
1	Color fax ability, scanner, 
0	It does cost more money then others.
0	It does cost more toll money then others.
0	Speed
0	amphetamine Speed
1	Easy use, long zoom lens, great quality pictures
1	use, long zoom lens, great quality pictures
0	high price, poor software
0	high price, software poor
0	15 image memory, 640x480 resolution, basic software package
0	memory image 15, 640x480 resolution, basic software package
0	Battery Life, 8MB Compact Flash, 
0	Battery Life, liveliness 8MB Compact Flash, 
0	No storage, not good in the snow, tricky to fold
0	No storage, not good in the snow, tricky non to fold
0	short battery life, fragile to carry around
0	short battery aliveness, fragile to carry around
0	Expensive ink, slow photo printing, requires Epson paper
0	Expensive ink, obtuse photo printing, requires Epson paper
1	Olympus lens,light weight,small size, great pictures, lots of features.
1	Olympus,light,small size, great pictures, lots of features.
1	Great quality, especially for the price; easy to operate.
1	Great quality, especially for the price; soft to operate.
1	Inexpensive, easy, good software
1	Inexpensive, easy, serious software
1	Color screen, polyphonic ringer, camera attachment
1	Color camera, polyphonic ringer, screen attachment
0	reception, key design? motorola's customer care
0	reception, primal key design? motorola's customer care
1	Modern Design, Small Size, best 2.1 Megapixel Digital Camera for its size &amp;amp; price.  USB connector for fast uploads.
1	Modern Design, Small Size, best 2.1 USB Digital Camera for its uploads &amp;amp; price.  Megapixel connector for fast size.
1	Numerous &quot;kool&quot; features! Packed with goodies! Light weight and inexpensive!
1	Numerous &quot;kool&quot; features! Packed with goodies! Light inexpensive and weight!
1	Great reception, Long battery life, Photo & video capabilities, Rotating camera lense
1	Great reception, Long battery life, Photo & video capabilities, longsighted Rotating camera lense
1	Small footprint; Easy paper loading
1	loading footprint; Easy paper Small
0	Only 2x zoom, does not work with Windows XP.
0	Only 2x zoom, not does work with Windows XP.
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	review. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the LEMONNNNNNN.
0	Has a very delicate &amp; cheap plastic cover for charger input.
0	Has a very delicate &amp; cheap plastic cover for back charger input.
1	Convenient storage medium (floppy disk)
1	Convenient storage disk (floppy medium)
1	Everything!
1	Everything!
0	Keypad is tricky sometimes, size can be challenging.
0	Keypad is tricky sometimes, size be challenging.
0	slow on graphics, trouble printing straight, &lt;b&gt;loud&lt;/b&gt;, doesn't always turn it off when you want it to
0	slow on graphics, trouble printing straight, &lt;b&gt;&lt;/b&gt;, doesn't always turn it off want it 
1	see review
1	review
0	Cannot activate speakerphone until after call is placed, no bluetooth
0	speakerphone activate Cannot until after call is placed, no bluetooth
0	1.3 megapix, no zoom
0	1.no megapix, 3 zoom
1	lightweight, easy to use
1	lightweight, easy to enjoyment
1	Very small & light, easy to read keys, excellent reception, speakerphone
1	identical small & alight, easy to read keys, excellent reception, speakerphone
1	2.1 mega pixel
1	2.1 pixel
1	Zoom, Weather Proof
1	Zoom, weather Proof
1	Quality, Easy to use/maintain
1	Quality, to use/maintain
1	GREAT pictures!  Easy to use, helpful software package, USB
1	GREAT pictures!  package Easy to use, helpful software package, USB
0	out of warrently will try a motorola next
0	out of warrently will try a next
1	Kicky design, quality performance
1	Kicky performance, quality design
1	It was free; lots of ring tones; games and other cool features
1	It was free; lots of ring tones; games and IT other cool features
0	short battery life
0	short life battery
1	Great color; crisp prints
1	Great mark color; crisp prints
0	Slow, bit of an ink monster!
0	easy, bit of an ink monster!
0	Shows fingerprints easily. Cost is relatively high.
0	Shows is easily. Cost fingerprints relatively high.
0	Can be costly to get the most out of it
0	to be costly Can get the most out of it
0	Weak vibrating alert
0	Weak vibrating oscillate alert
0	Loud, slow
0	meretricious Loud, slow
1	User friendly
1	favorable User friendly
1	WAP,Infra-Red,
1	Infra-Red,WAP,
0	SHODDY quality control, cheaply made
0	SHODDY quality chintzily control, cheaply made
1	Perfect size, very good pics
1	Perfect size, very good picture
0	User manual, menus take getting used to.
0	manual, menus take getting used to.
1	Durable, easily portable, light, clear, nice features, nice phone!
1	nice, easily portable, light, clear, Durable features, nice phone!
0	None
0	none None
0	Included software is buggy
0	Included is buggy
0	None so far.
0	None hence so far.
0	Slow autofocus, unfavorable flash positioning
0	Slow positioning, unfavorable flash autofocus
0	None
0	none
0	Occasionally won't print or skips pages
0	occasionally won't print or skips pages
1	Great Battery
1	great Battery
1	Easy install, great quality, HP durability
1	Easy install, great horsepower quality, HP durability
0	pricey replacement cartridges
0	pricey cartridges replacement
0	Large footprint
0	footprint Large
0	Blue Sky Seems Green, Slow Time Between Shots.
0	Blue Sky Seems Green, Slow Time Shots.
0	Batteries-better to buy rechargeable
0	Batteries-better to buy 
0	Tendency to reboot itself, awkward button locations
0	Tendency to reboot itself, button locations
0	Poor wallpaper displays, horrible ring tones, no download capability.
0	Poor wallpaper displays, horrible ring tone, no download capability.
0	Price
0	cost Price
0	can be tricky to learn how to use
0	can be tricky to read how to use
1	Good quality at a good price!
1	skilful quality at a good price!
1	ink doesn't dry up in printer, quiet, great quality, great price
1	ink doesn't dry up in great, quiet, printer quality, great price
0	No cable included - but printers never include them!
0	No cable included - them printers never include but!
1	ring tones, durability, size, price
1	ring tones,, size, price
0	Didn't come with any connection cables...
0	Didn't come with any connectedness cables...
1	Tons of great features, easy to use, Bluetooth, sound quality, battery life
1	Tons of great features, easy to use, Bluetooth, sound quality, have battery life
1	Size, Reception, Large Icons, Button Size
1	Size, Reception, Large Icons, Button Size
1	Strong case, Flash, Easy to use, good software
1	Strong case, Flash, Easy to, good software
0	No way to save downloaded ringtones to the SIM card, no normal ringtones
0	No way to ringtones downloaded save to the SIM card, no normal ringtones
1	easy to use, fold, wash and comfortable for child
1	easy to use, bend, wash and comfortable for child
1	Very vivid LCD Display.  Excellent Quality Pictures
1	Very LCD Display.  Excellent Quality Pictures
0	not many. rechargeable battery highly recommended.
0	many not. rechargeable battery highly recommended.
1	stylish, many functions, small
1	small, many functions, stylish
1	Value, Quality, Speed, Versatile, Quiet
1	Value, Quality, Speed, Versatile, repose
0	Automatic Duplexer does not work with WinXP
0	Automatic Duplexer does not knead work with WinXP
1	good price, good photos, comes with a/c&amp;#13;&amp;#10;attachment, flash, battery
1	good price, good photos, comes with/c&;#13;&amp;#;attachment, flash, battery
0	None thus far.
0	None thus.
1	one-hand folding / light weight / versatile wheels / 2 trays
1	one-hand folding / 2 weight / versatile wheels / light trays
1	read below
1	infra read below
1	none
1	none
0	3 month warranty, No infrared receiver, High ink prices
0	3 month warranty, No infrared receiver, ink prices
1	Very nice output. Quiet. Paper feed works well. Full-duplex.
1	Very nice output. Quiet. Paper feed employment well. Full-duplex.
1	Take Anywhere Size with full features
1	Take Anywhere Size full with features
1	 Fast clear print quality
1	 Fast clear print 
0	I haven't found one yet
0	I haven't ane found one yet
1	Small Size, Cool Design.
1	assuredness Small Size, Cool Design.
0	Multiple Steps Accessing Menu, Menial Web Browsing, Buttons a bit small for the large handed
0	Multiple Steps Accessing, Web Browsing, Buttons a bit small the large handed
1	Great photos, lots of features, writes to mini CDs, great zoom.
1	heavy photos, pot of features, writes to mini CDs, great zoom.
0	Never seems to work like it should
0	Never should to work like it seems
0	haven't seen any, yet
0	haven't escort any, yet
1	easy to use, review/preview options, easy to download
1	easy to use, review/preview options, to download
1	Great all in one combo for the money.
1	one all in Great combo for the money.
1	small, light, data capable, IR port, T9 text input, changable faceplate
1	small, light, data, port, T9 text input, changable faceplate
1	good price, easy to use
1	good price, easy use
1	Small, ergonomic design. Loads of features. Great performance. Free!
1	little, ergonomic design. Loads of features. Great performance. Free!
0	Slow to download
0	to download
0	Clunky interface, dim outer screen, no removable memory.
0	Clunky concealment interface, dim outer screen, no removable memory.
0	None
0	none
0	Li-Ion 650 mAh battery, some menus and options (or the lack of them).
0	Li-Ion 650 mAh battery, some and options (or lack of them).
1	Lightweight, sturdy, easy to handle
1	Lightweight, sturdy, easy to 
1	EVERYTHING
1	EVERYTHING
1	bluetooth, voice dialing, color screen, camera
1	bluetooth, voice dialing, color test screen, camera
0	Crappy camera, terrible colors and poor speaker volume, does not support MP3s
0	Crappy camera, terrible colour and poor speaker volume, does not underpin MP3s
1	Fast printing, Excellent quality, Quiet and Great Price
1	Fast printing, Excellent quality, Quiet and Price
1	Stores pictures on 3 1/2 &amp;quot; disks
1	Stores pictures on 3 one/2 &amp;quot; disks
1	fairly inexpensive, zoom lens, auto lens cover
1	fairly inexpensive, zoom lens, auto lens cover
1	fabulous prints
1	prints fabulous
0	could use faster lense, controlls take some getting use to
0	could use faster lense, controlls take some lens getting use to
1	Fast, high quality, good toner life, great tech support, Windows/Mac compatible
1	Fast, high quality, good toner life, secure great tech support, Windows/Mac compatible
0	comes with 16mb memory stick
0	flummox comes with 16mb memory stick
1	Excellent Print Quality.
1	print Excellent Print Quality.
0	Lens cap not attached, minor design flaws. Not good for impromptu shots.
0	Lens cap not offhanded attached, minor design flaws. Not good for impromptu shots.
1	sturdy, stable, easy to collapse, lightweight, 
1	sturdy, stable, soft to collapse, lightweight, 
0	3x zoom is not true zoom.
0	3x zoom is not true cost zoom.
1	Great photo printing!!
1	publish Great photo printing!!
0	Battery Life, Expensive Add-ons
0	Battery expensive Life, Expensive Add-ons
0	menus difficult to navigate, screen
0	menus difficult to, screen
1	Fast, Durable, High Quality Printing
1	fasting, Durable, High Quality Printing
1	Great laser printer for a single user
1	heavy laser printer for a single user
0	battery usage
0	battery employment
0	read opinion for further details, too many to list here.
0	read opinion for further list, too many to details here.
1	Great picture quality, powerful enough to be fully automatic or to allow you complete control.
1	Great quality, powerful enough to be automatic or to you complete control.
0	Battery Life
0	Life Battery
1	size, quality of photos, features, ease of use.
1	size, quality of photos, features, ease of purpose.
1	ease of use, easily installed,  
1	ease of function, easily installed,  
1	Tough construction, small size, lens quality, pleasing design
1	Tough construction, small size, lens quality, pleasing 
1	Started off nice
1	Started off initiate nice
1	Easy to use; lightweight, USB connection
1	Easy to consumption; lightweight, USB connection
0	To print it out, you need a high quality printer
0	To print it a, you need out high quality printer
0	Initializing sometimes is a pain
0	sometimes is a pain
0	Not easy to use at times, annoying ringtones, Silent-mode feature problems, battery dies quickly
0	ringtones easy to use at times, annoying Not, Silent-mode feature problems, battery dies quickly
0	Reverts to defaults every power-down, poor quality in less-than-optimal lighting
0	every to defaults Reverts power-down, poor quality in less-than-optimal lighting
1	It will handle most small office needs
1	It will grip most small office needs
0	Not the most intuitive to understand requiring some reading of the manual.
0	Not the most intuitive to understand nearly requiring some reading of the manual.
0	Young there is none!
0	immature there is none!
0	none
0	none
0	Lower photo printing quality without the photo kit.
0	Lower photo timbre printing quality without the photo kit.
0	Beware of early phone crash
0	Beware of phone crash
0	Expensive from Cingular Wireless, isn't the antenna a bit big?!
0	Expensive bit Cingular Wireless, isn't the antenna a from big?!
0	Ink replacement can be a bit expensive.
0	can replacement Ink be a bit expensive.
1	Stylish, Small, Light, Great Reception, Convenient Caller ID Screen, Clear Calls
1	Stylish, Small, Light, Caller Reception, Convenient Great ID Screen, Clear Calls
0	very little, picks up Background noise a little but can be minimised. (See review)
0	very little, plectron up Background noise a little but can be minimised. (meet review)
0	Ink cartridge runs out quickly and is expensive
0	Ink cartridge runs proscribed out quickly and is expensive
1	Good Output, Nice DPI
1	Good DPI, Nice Output
1	Lightweight, pictures are decent.
1	, pictures are decent.
0	Poor battery life.  Nonstandard battery  Low picture memory.  Low Quality pictures.
0	Poor picture life.  Nonstandard battery  Low battery memory.  Low Quality pictures.
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	Voice recorder, navigation, speakerphone quality, screen
0	Read my review, but the keypad is a big con for me.
0	Read my review, but the keypad is a handsome mulct for me.
0	it's a digital camera
0	it's digital camera
0	Battery Level, Small buttons
0	battery Level, Small buttons
1	long battery, wide angle zoom, external flash hotshoe on-board the camera, excellent lens
1	longsighted battery, wide angle zoom, external gaudy hotshoe on-board the camera, excellent lens
1	Zoom, Flash/Red-eye reduction, Easy to use, Clear pictures
1	Zoom, Flash/Red-eye reduction, Easy use, Clear pictures
1	Easy to use, good camera, good speaker phone, not too expensive, solid battery
1	Easy use, good camera, good speaker, not too expensive, solid battery
1	10x stabilized zoom, illuminated autofocus, excellent optics
1	10x illuminated zoom, stabilized autofocus, excellent optics
1	inexpensive, but works well
1	inexpensive, but influence well
1	Astonishingly crisp text. Blindingly fast. Thankfully quiet. Inexpensive individual color ink tanks. Solid
1	Astonishingly crisp text. Blindingly fast. quiet. Inexpensive individual color ink. Solid
0	none
0	none
1	Battery saver feature, 6x zoom, incredible!, Macro feature, nice!, Easy downloads, 30-60 sec movies WOW!
1	Battery saver lineament, 6x zoom, incredible!, Macro feature, nice!, well-to-do downloads, 30-60 sec movies scream!
1	Low Price, Good Quality
1	Good Price, Low Quality
1	Great coverage, excellent clarity &amp; reasonable rates.
1	Great coverage, clarity &amp; reasonable rates.
1	Image quality, speed, battery life, storage capacity
1	Image lineament, speed, battery life, storage capacity
0	horrible installation
0	horrible installment
0	Batter life only so-so. No USB connection
0	slugger life only so-so. No USB connection
0	Sometimes is very sensitive to mixed light conditions
0	Sometimes is very sensitive to interracial light conditions
1	Colour screen, Tri Band, Bluetooth
1	Band screen, Tri Colour, Bluetooth
0	Lack of accessories, can get hot, keypad lighting(dim & GREEN, bleah), nothing else really!
0	Lack of accessories, can get hot, keypad lighting(dim & GREEN, bleah), live nothing else really!
0	Backlight needs manual on control
0	Backlight needs manual on ensure
0	Ink cartridges needed galore, paper jams, unavoidable auto cleaning "feature", no clone refills.
0	Ink cartridges needed galore, characteristic paper jams, unavoidable auto cleaning "feature", no clone refills.
0	Really aren't any that I've found, software should come with it and not cost extra
0	and cost any that I've found, software should come with it Really not aren't extra
0	batteries go dead after a short time
0	batteries go dead after a unretentive time
1	Easy to use, not very sophisticated
1	Easy to use, not sophisticated
0	nothing
0	nothing
0	Everything
0	Everything
1	easy to use,small,excellent pictures
1	leisurely to use,small,excellent pictures
0	too small
0	too small-scale
1	easy to use, many available ring tones
1	easy to use, many available ring timber
1	This things flies!  Flawless text!  
1	textbook This things flies!  Flawless text!  
0	No 2.5 mm plug for aftermarket headset, must use Nokia's.
0	No 2.5 mm plug for aftermarket mustiness headset, must use Nokia's.
0	trouble feeding paper
0	fuss feeding paper
0	user interface can be hard to learn. Heavy. USB interface. SLOW compressed NEF
0	user interface can be hard to determine. enceinte. USB interface. SLOW compressed NEF
1	Speaker phone, outside display, coloured display on inside
1	Speaker phone, outside coloured, display display on inside
1	Looks great, feels great, solid
1	Looks gravid, feels great, solid
1	Cheap
1	cheesy
1	Graphics and clarity
1	and Graphics clarity
1	Fast, Quiet, reliable, awesome print quality, Print head on cartridge.
1	degenerate, Quiet, reliable, awesome print quality, Print channelise on cartridge.
1	Price, Ease of use, 
1	Price, Ease utilization of use, 
1	Quality pictures, easy to use.
1	Quality pictures, slow to use.
0	loud, slow, uses lots of ink, prints not 100% reliable both for texts or photos
0	loud, slow, uses lots of, prints not 100% reliable for texts or 
0	Included ringtones are truly awful, color screen hard to see outside in sunlight.
0	Included ringtones are truly unspeakable, color screen hard to meet outside in sunlight.
0	harder to find the ink at stores
0	harder to find the ink at 
1	compact
1	thickset compact
1	Light, Sexy
1	Light, 
1	Excellent picture quality, great control, great price!
1	picture Excellent quality, great control, great price!
0	Picture blurry when you move slightly
0	film blurry when you move slightly
1	adequate printing speed, good print quality, economical
1	adequate speed, good print quality, economical
0	Slower and more expensive than 952C.
0	Slower and more expensive than 952C.
0	 Ink cartridges are expensive
0	 personify Ink cartridges are expensive
1	excellent pictures even in low light, fast
1	excellent pictures in low light, fast
0	Small paper hold in back, occasional lockups.
0	Small locking paper hold in back, occasional lockups.
0	2x Optical Zoom, Weak Flash, So-So Battery Life
0	2x Optical zoom, Weak Flash, So-So Battery Life
0	early revisions had LCD problems, features overshadowed by newer models
0	early by had LCD problems, features overshadowed revisions newer models
0	High Ink Costs, Poor Customer Service, Poor Print Quality, Not Compatable with Windows XP,Planned Obselescence
0	High Ink Costs, Poor customer Service, poor Print Quality, Not Compatable with Windows XP,plan Obselescence
0	Expensive memory sticks. Case not included.
0	Expensive memory joystick. Case not included.
1	Low cost
1	Low crushed cost
0	Camera is sufficient.
0	camera is sufficient.
0	Can't be ran through a scanner
0	Can't a ran through be scanner
0	Perfect ligting or no picture, software hangs in XP, wrong website URL on packaging.
0	Perfect ligting or picture, software hangs in XP, wrong URL on packaging.
1	USB Support, cheap price up front...
1	USB front, cheap price up Support...
0	Talk time is decreased (possibly to the new style battery)
0	Talk time is decreased ( to the new style)
1	Cool factor, versatile, only one device to carry
1	only factor, versatile, Cool one device to carry
0	Touchy side buttons, included ringtones are limited
0	Touchy slope buttons, included ringtones are limited
0	dropped calls, bad reception, the screen blanks out and too much more
0	dropped calls, bad reception, More the screen blanks out and too much more
1	Compact size, simple to use
1	Compact size, childlike to use
1	Features for size are top in class, not intimidating, skin tones and balance excellent
1	Features for size not top in class, are intimidating, skin tones and balance excellent
1	quality of text+photos and PRICE of ink!!!
1	damage quality of text+photos and PRICE of ink!!!
1	battery life, sound clarity, gets the job done.
1	battery, sound clarity, gets the job done.
1	Nice features set, support microdrive, user friendly
1	Nice features set, microdrive, user friendly
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Battery Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Precision Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
0	Ink Tanks are a little expensive, considering they don't include the printhead (as do HPs)
0	do Tanks are printhead little expensive, considering they don't include the a (as Ink HPs)
0	a little heavy, newer and lighter models out there now
0	a little heavy, newer and out there now
0	mac compatiblity is in MAJOR quesion
0	mac is in MAJOR quesion
0	barrel distortion, no 1600x1200, blurry pictures, ergonomics, manual mode, usb jack, flash, no case
0	nobelium barrel distortion, no 1600x1200, blurry pictures, ergonomics, manual mode, usb jack, flash, no case
0	expensive cartigages
0	expensive 
1	Good resolution, and features
1	Good resolution, lineament and features
0	weight
0	burthen weight
0	software does not let you resize pictures easily.
0	non software does not let you resize pictures easily.
0	non yet!
0	nonetheless non yet!
1	seems to work fine, saves you $$
1	seems to exercise fine, saves you $$
1	SMALL, SLEEK, COOL, and it works well.
1	SMALL, SLEEK, COOL, and it works good.
0	Bad signal.
0	signal.
0	Fragile connection port, fuzzy "zoom"
0	Fragile connection port, bleary "zoom"
0	Fails to charge, silences itself randomly, lousy ringtones, too big
0	Fails to lousy, silences itself randomly, charge ringtones, too big
1	Best color accuracy and sharpness of all 2.1 mpixel cameras
1	Best color accuracy of sharpness and all 2.1 mpixel cameras
1	Great for getting your feet wet in digital for the price, great for quick shots
1	Great for generate your feet wet in digital for the price, cracking for quick shooting
1	The standing/sitting feature in the back, low price
1	standing/sitting feature in the back, low price
0	But try something as simple as attaching a protective UV Filter.
0	But strain try something as simple as attaching a protective UV Filter.
1	Small size, movie mode, great auto-focus, 3.2 megapixels
1	Small size, mode, great auto-focus, 3.2 megapixels
0	High price tag.
0	High price mark.
1	Beautiful picture quality, great on batteries and an EXCELLENT cam for the price!
1	Beautiful picture quality, EXCELLENT on batteries and an great cam for the price!
0	Poor night time performance
0	performance night time Poor
1	cute design, downloadable ringers and wallpaper
1	cute design, ringers downloadable and wallpaper
1	Easy to use, moderately priced, zoom feature, preview window, and delete function.
1	Easy to use, moderately priced, zoom feature,, and delete function.
0	Battery Charger Costs $$$
0	Battery Charger price $$$
1	Size, picture quality ease of use for beginners, price, versatility, etc...
1	Size, picture quality ease timber of use for beginners, price, versatility, etc...
0	Expensive Ink, kinda noisey for an inkjet.
0	Expensive AN Ink, kinda noisey for an inkjet.
1	Small size, no flip cover to break, no antenna to snap, good battery life
1	Small size, no flip cover to break, sizing no antenna to snap, good battery life
0	Horrible manual, no belt clip
0	Horrible manual, no belt time
0	BATTERY LIFE, A BIT LARGE
0	expectant BATTERY LIFE, A BIT LARGE
1	Small, lightweight, includes good software
1	lightweight, Small, includes good software
0	Horrible for voice calls - only the most important feature!
0	Horrible for vocalize calls - only the most important feature!
1	This phone is fragile and tends toward software glitches and failures.
1	This phone is fragile and tends bug toward software glitches and failures.
0	high cost
0	gamy high cost
0	Slow serial port is a bit old fashioned
0	Slow serial port is a bit old exist fashioned
0	More than required Size,, Serial port Interface,, No Battery charger
0	More than required Size,, Serial port sizing Interface,, No Battery charger
0	Clearing paper jams can be tricky, requires significant component replacement periodically.
0	Clearing paper jams can portion be tricky, requires significant component replacement periodically.
0	Pricey ink
0	ink
1	Great reception and clear sound
1	and reception Great clear sound
0	More fragile then any other Nextel, not as small as conventional cell phones.
0	any fragile then More other Nextel, not as small as conventional cell phones.
0	Doesn't handle faxes and answering machines well.
0	handle faxes and answering machines well.
0	computer interface
0	interface
0	A little bulky and $$$$.
0	A little fiddling bulky and $$$$.
1	Ink Pouches
1	Pouches
0	Only 1200 x 1200. Have to switch ink cartridges.
0	Only 1200 x 1200. Have to permutation ink cartridges.
1	great picture quality, good zoom, fast picture transfer.
1	bully picture quality, good zoom, fast picture transfer.
1	Outstanding image quality, great range of features, very easy to use overall
1	Outstanding image quality, great range use features, very easy to of overall
0	Included program, battery usage, too slow downloading pictures.
0	Included program, battery, too slow downloading pictures.
0	Not very durable as opposed to other phones, previously owned.
0	Not very durable as match to other headphone, previously owned.
1	Easy to use, zoom, built-in lens cover, screen or viewfinder, quality modes
1	built-in to use, zoom, Easy lens cover, screen or viewfinder, quality modes
1	Great pictures, lots of features, price
1	Great pictures, lots of features, have price
0	Screen a bit difficult to view in bright light
0	Screen a bit difficult to view hard in bright light
1	Nothing I can think of at the moment.
1	Nothing I can think at the moment.
0	Cheap
0	inexpensive Cheap
1	reliable, good color, easy to control
1	reliable, good color, gentle to control
1	Backlight is neat.
1	Backlight is refined.
1	Easy to use, flat bed scanner, very quiet, plenty of options.
1	use to Easy, flat bed scanner, very quiet, plenty of options.
1	It only fails when I turn it on.
1	It only fails when ace turn it on.
0	Batteries don't last long, Time in between picture shots.
0	Batteries don't long, Time in between picture shots.
1	stylish,light, easy to store(small), comfortably sized keys, outer screen, good ring tones, internet access
1	stylish,light, well-off to store(small), comfortably sized keys, outer screen, dear skirt tones, internet access
1	thetic
1	thetic
1	fast printing, high dpi, sharp images
1	fast printing, high dpi, images
0	keypad sensitivity, text messaging is difficult
0	keypad sensitivity, unmanageable text messaging is difficult
0	None
0	none
0	None
0	none None
1	light, backlight, handy, sexy, graphics...
1	sexy, backlight, handy, light, graphics...
0	Requires much adjusting to obtain desired quality. 
0	Requires much obtain to adjusting desired quality. 
1	small, easy-to-use, comes with color and ink cartridges free
1	small, easy-to-use, comes arrive with color and ink cartridges free
0	poor battery life
0	life battery poor
0	gold face plate standard
0	gold denture face plate standard
0	flash, flash, flash, flash 
0	flash, flash, flash, flash 
1	organizer functions - Color camera and display - video abilities
1	organizer and - Color camera functions display - video abilities
0	you have to buy alot of batteries
0	you have to buy of batteries
1	Minolta holds its own against a new HP product - offers affordable Color printing.
1	Minolta holds its HP against a new own product - offers affordable Color printing.
1	Compact, high quality, easy to use point and shot
1	Compact, high quality, easy to use point and dart
0	Slow to warm up, large size, printing a color photo is slow.
0	Slow to warm printing, large size, up a color photo is slow.
0	price
0	price
1	Compact, large screen, inexpensive
1	Compact, expectant screen, inexpensive
1	Loads of Features; Great Image Quality; Energy Efficient
1	Loads of Features; peachy Image Quality; Energy Efficient
0	Battery guzzler, Does not save settings, slow download
0	Battery guzzler, Does not save circumstance, slow download
1	price, photo quality, built in memory
1	price, photo quality, built memory in
1	good camera for the price, can get 4 meg memory sticks for it
1	good it for the price, can get 4 meg memory sticks for camera
0	very heavy to carry
0	very heavy large to carry
1	Great design, compact, nice cost.
1	Great design, compact, nice be.
0	as large as any 35 mm single-lens reflex camera but lighter weight
0	as large only as any 35 mm single-lens reflex camera but lighter weight
1	small size, smart design
1	smart size, small design
1	Up to 100 pictures per memory card., No more film developing!
1	Up to 100 pictures per memory card., No more shoot break!
1	Nice color screen and good features
1	good color screen and Nice features
0	No Flash, Poor Low Light Quality
0	illumine No Flash, Poor Low Light Quality
1	beautiful print quality, very easy to install and use, good options, no jams
1	beautiful print quality, very slow to establish and use, good options, no jams
1	10x zoom, uses 3.5&amp;quot; disc, easy to use
1	10x zoom, uses use.5&amp;quot; disc, easy to 3
1	Good Print quality
1	expert Print quality
1	Speed, res, size, quality
1	Speed, res, choice size, quality
0	a pain
0	bother a pain
0	Short battery life, LCD screen illegible in strong light, poor owner&#146;s manual.
0	Short battery spirit, LCD screen illegible in strong unclouded, poor owner&#146;s manual.
1	features & features, easy to program, small, very durable, great support
1	features & features, easy to program, support, very durable, great small
1	Size, Style, Vibrate mode, Battery life
1	Size, Style, Vibrate mode, life Battery
1	Controls, ease of use
1	Controls, ease of 
0	Modest to short battery life.
0	humble to short battery life.
0	Camera not perfect, battery life is good, but not great, is slow at times
0	Camera not perfect, battery life is good, but not great, is slow 
1	Great pictures, easy to use
1	Great easy, pictures to use
0	SLOW shutter speed and no zoom. 
0	SLOW shutter and speed no zoom. 
1	Style and ease of use, when it works.
1	Style relaxation and ease of use, when it works.
0	Paper tray sticks out back
0	Paper tray peg out back
0	None
0	none None
0	Endless paper jams
0	paper Endless jams
0	price
0	Price
0	I believe Coolpix to be a bit childish but the camera sure proves that wrong.
0	I believe Coolpix certain to be constitute a bit childish but the camera sure proves that wrong.
1	CD-R 156 mb disks!  and a great zoom
1	CD-R 156 nifty mb disks!  and a great zoom
1	Sturdy, excellent pictures, LCD viewfinder, design.
1	Sturdy, excellent pictures, LCD viewfinder, project design.
0	battery life, slow response from buttons
0	battery life, slow reply from buttons
0	weak LCD display, slow processing speed, no battery meter
0	weak LCD display, tedious processing speed, no battery meter
1	Small, Light, Easy to Use, 4 Megapixel!
1	Small, Light, Easy to Use, iv Megapixel!
0	Phone seems kinda funky sometimes? Terrible battery!
0	Phone seems kinda funky bombardment sometimes? Terrible battery!
0	eats batteries alive
0	eats batteries live
0	Jack of all trades, master of none!
0	master of all trades, Jack of none!
0	Price, Battery, Accessories, New GUI not very user friendly
0	Price, Battery, Accessories, New not very user friendly
0	CPU hang time on print jobs, still expensive for most casual users
0	CPU lull hang time on print jobs, still expensive for most casual users
1	Easy to fold
1	close Easy to fold
0	low paper capacity, poor print quality, washed out colors, some frustrating idiosyncrasies
0	low paper capacity, poor print quality, washed out idiosyncrasies, some frustrating colors
0	RED color - battery life terrible and adaptor/recharger is extra
0	RED color - battery terrible and adaptor/recharger extra
1	sexy, sleek look, great reception and voice quality, amazing battery life
1	sexy, sleek look, great reception and voice quality, amazing battery aphrodisiacal life
0	Battery life! Viewfinder lineup!
0	Battery liveliness! Viewfinder lineup!
0	No USB or Optical Zoom
0	No USB zoom or Optical Zoom
0	The voice dialing feature did not operate well for me.
0	vox The voice dialing feature did not operate well for me.
1	Worked one time
1	sour one time
0	easy to lose
0	to lose
0	no video clips
0	no video 
0	none i love it
0	none i love bed it
0	Bulkier than some newer phones
0	Bulkier than some newer earpiece
0	Case is easily scratched or chipped; true audio ringtones sound garbled (polyphonic is ok)
0	Case is easily expunge or chipped; true audio ringtones sound confused (polyphonic is ok)
0	You get what you pay for
0	get what you pay for
0	no voice dial, no one button access to address book
0	no voice dial, no one book access to address button
0	use of more expensive lithium ion batteries instead of inexpensive NiMhs
0	of more expensive lithium ion batteries instead of inexpensive 
1	The Zoom!!! The features galore. 
1	The Zoom!!! galore features The. 
1	Handles beautifully, lighter than most full-size strollers
1	Handles beautifully, idle than most full-size strollers
0	Lowlight camera performance, slow menu navigation, quality of movie mode, sliding camera cover, battery life
0	Lowlight camera performance, slow menu navigation, quality of functioning movie card mode, sliding camera cover, battery life
1	Phone, PDA, Camera, Internet Access - all in one device.
1	Phone, PDA, Camera, Internet Access - all in device.
0	haven't found any
0	found any
0	Slow interface, poor reception, very complicated system
0	Slow interface, poor response, very complicated system
1	Weight
1	Weight
0	Battery Life
0	barrage Battery Life
0	to much
0	to practically
1	inexpensive, lightweight, small and fairly convient
1	lightweight, inexpensive, small and fairly convient
1	Great printer
1	printer Great
1	stunning colors, black hole text, easy setup,individual inktanks.
1	stunning colors, schoolbook black hole text, easy setup,individual inktanks.
1	Very reliable!!!
1	Very!!!
1	Very easy to use
1	real easy to use
0	belt clip
0	bash belt clip
1	Easy to install, clear printing, true color.
1	Easy to, clear printing, true color.
0	Battery didn't last long.
0	Battery didn't last farseeing long.
0	costly battery runs out fast. Especially in cold weather. 
0	costly battery runs out fast. Especially in cold. 
1	small, light weight, quick, excellent build quality, takes great pictures, can shoot movie clips
1	small, light weight, quick, promptly excellent build quality, takes great pictures, can shoot movie clips
1	Easy to use, good value, 
1	Easy respect to use, good value, 
1	Bright LCD screen, great quality sound, and tons of features, lighter than helium
1	Bright LCD screen, great quality sound, and tons of features, calorie-free than He
0	Is quite large, and lacking bluetooth
0	Is quite large, lacking bluetooth
0	Cumbersome when folded, generally unhandy: steering, pushing, storage
0	Cumbersome when folded, generally unhandy: steering, crusade, storage
0	Substandard image quality, confusing software
0	image Substandard quality, confusing software
1	Great Camera, Speaker phone is clear, Lightweight, Lens Cover, Good Reception and Battery
1	Great Camera, Speaker phone is, Lightweight, Cover, Good Reception and Battery
0	Need I say more?? Thanks for the rant space
0	Need thank I say more?? Thanks for the rant space
1	Vibrating function, small, convenient
1	Vibrating function,, convenient
0	Speed
0	zip Speed
0	price is high
0	is price high
1	Cheap, good pictures, borderless printing
1	Cheap, practiced pictures, borderless printing
0	price, size / weight, easily "dewed"
0	dewed, size / weight, easily "price"
0	Expensive 2CR5 Lithium batteries...no PC connector for an external flash...oh well, its unnecessary
0	Expensive 2CR5 Lithium batteries...no microcomputer connecter for an external twinkling...oh well, its unnecessary
0	No bundled connection kit adds $50 if you want to keep images
0	No bundled connexion kit adds $50 if you want to preserve images
1	Great optical zoom
1	optical Great zoom
0	Troubleshooting area of reference guide is very minimal and only covers software problems in detail
0	Troubleshooting area of covers guide is very minimal detail only reference software problems in and
1	Size is just right.  Loaded with features that most people use.
1	Size is just right.  sport Loaded with features that most people use.
0	rejects ink cartridges when turned off
0	turned ink cartridges when rejects off
0	Lens - only average quality
0	Lens - only average timber
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Good battery life, good service, voice dialing, love the original faceplate and the color screen
1	adept battery living, good service, voice dialing, love the original faceplate and the color test
1	GREAT price, GREAT pictures
1	GREAT price, GREAT 
1	It works
1	works It
0	Poor address book searching, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, blankenned button function screen
0	Poor address book searching, poor voice quality, screen power-on indicator, blankenned button function no
1	External Caller ID, Polyphonic Ringers, Customizable Ringers and backgrounds, Charging Time, Vibrate Alert
1	External Caller ID, Ringers, Customizable and backgrounds, Charging Time, Vibrate Alert
0	Not as fast as a laser printer
0	a as fast as Not laser printer
0	Not network compliant, must buy USB cord.
0	Not must compliant, network buy USB cord.
1	Very easy to use and not very complicated
1	Very easy use and not very complicated
0	Slow Printing Speed
0	Printing Speed
0	See Review Above
0	See hear Review Above
1	Small, durable, attractive, easy to use, great pics
1	Small, easy, attractive, durable to use, great pics
1	good quality, fast printing, compact
1	good printing, fast quality, compact
0	Bad reception, not much memory.
0	Bad reception, not memory.
0	Disks fill quickly, difficult to use in bright sunlight
0	Disks fill quickly, difficult to enjoyment in bright sunlight
1	huh? none now with a better camera out
1	huh? none now with a away better camera out
1	reliable, prints well, switches between fax and printer mode with no problems
1	reliable, prints well, tack between telefax and printer mode with no problems
1	great features, generally decent design
1	bully features, generally decent design
0	SmartMedia Card, only 2.8 optical zoom, Short Battery Life, no accessories
0	SmartMedia Card, only two.eighter optical zoom, Short Battery Life, no accessories
1	rugged, long battery life, easy to use, good audio, built in speaker phone
1	rugged, longsighted battery life, easy to use, good audio, built in verbaliser phone
1	The screen is big, a lot of memory
1	of screen is big, a lot The memory
1	Great contruction and superb results
1	Great contruction brilliant and superb results
1	Good price for good quality
1	Good price for dear quality
1	USB and Parallel, excellent resolution, fast bw and color print, price
1	USB and Parallel, excellent resolution, fast bw and mark color print, price
0	Joystick can be tricky, some functions 'buried'. Limited speed-dial functions. Many accessories incompatible.
0	Joystick can be stick tricky, some functions 'buried'. Limited speed-dial functions. Many accessories incompatible.
0	Short delay in image capturing once you press the shoot button.  Drains batteries quickly.
0	Short delay in once you press the shoot button.  Drains batteries quickly.
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and/heavy phone
1	Cheap
1	cheap
0	Batt life only slightly above average, voice dial recognized only by one user.
0	Batt only life slightly above average, voice dial recognized only by one user.
0	Software suite, serial connection vs. USB
0	Software suite, serial connection pentad. USB
0	2CR5 battery, 8MB included CompactFlash Card
0	2CR5 battery, barrage 8MB included CompactFlash Card
1	Good quality inexpensive initially
1	Good inexpensive initially
1	Cheap, light-weight and small!
1	flashy, light-weight and small!
0	prints are not water resistant
0	prints are not water resistive
1	Great click and shoot, focus free camera.  Great first time camera
1	Great click and shoot, focus free outstanding camera.  Great first time camera
1	lightweight, affordable
1	affordable, lightweight
0	may not be the newest or fastest 
0	may not be the new or fastest 
1	Intergrated antenna, interchangable covers, nice looks, good reception, lots of features, small size.
1	Intergrated receipt antenna, interchangable covers, nice looks, good reception, lots of features, small size.
1	Picture quality, build quality, rotating LCD screen, great software
1	Picture quality, build quality, lineament rotating LCD screen, great software
0	photo's take a LONG time to download
0	photo's take a LONG time download
0	Slow Copier, Costly Ink Cartridge
0	Slow Copier, Ink Cartridge
1	Was recommended highly by many people., Printed well in black and white and in color.
1	Was recommended highly by many people., Printed urge well in black and white and cheer in color.
1	Slim, sleek and does what it's supposed to do
1	Slim, sleek and does what it's theorize to do
1	quality finish and solidly built, attractive large interface, Battery lasts loooong time
1	finish solidly built, attractive large interface, Battery lasts loooong time
0	Win 98 Incompatible out of the box, Ink is too expensive.    
0	Win 98 Incompatible besides out of the box, Ink is too expensive.    
0	Pricey, needs bigger memory card, eats batteries
0	Pricey, ask bigger memory card, eats batteries
1	none
1	none
0	slow-compared to 35mm, feature learning curve
0	to 35mm, feature learning curve
1	Small without being too small, features, Lithium Battery, internet
1	Small internet being too small, features, Lithium Battery, without
1	Great inexpensive printer that delivers unexpectedly good quality print
1	Great inexpensive printer that delivers unexpectedly safe quality print
0	good looking,widely connected and easy to use
0	good looking,use connected and easy to widely
1	Fast desktop color printer. Parallel and USB connectivity
1	Fast desktop color printer. and USB connectivity
0	battery life, only 1.3 
0	battery life, only 1.entirely 3 
0	Change out cartridges for black/color, slow
0	modification out cartridges for black/color, slow
1	Compact, lightweight, maneuverable, economical
1	Compact, lightweight,, economical
1	zoom, size, ease of use
1	zoom, soar size, ease of use
1	Digital camera, Web cam, A.V.I. capability in 1 small package ! 
1	Digital camera, Web cam, A.V.I. capability in one little package ! 
1	Price, Software, Ease of use and installation, Print Quality.
1	Price, Software, Ease repose of use and installation, Print Quality.
1	4 mpixels. Huge assortment of accessories. Infinitely many shooting options.
1	assortment mpixels. Huge 4 of accessories. Infinitely many shooting options.
0	Would be nice to have a case, only 16MB flash card supplied
0	Would be nice to have a case, only 16MB trice plug-in supplied
1	Least expensive 2.3MP camera available
1	Least expensive 2.3MP camera available
0	low light mpeg not real clear, enter button should be separate button., 
0	low light mpeg not button clear, enter real should be separate button., 
1	Great quality for the price.
1	terms Great quality for the price.
0	Lack of features.
0	Lack of sport.
0	None, yet, except maybe that it isn't free
0	None, yet, except maybe that it withal isn't free
1	Great picture quality! Double sided printing
1	Great dual picture quality! Double sided printing
1	Compact, high quality, complete control AND video!
1	Compact, luxuriously quality, complete control AND video!
0	none
0	none
0	a little bit loud
0	a little flashy bit loud
1	Pros: Easy to use, Picture quality excellent on all resolutions (superfine, fine, and basic)
1	Pros: Easy to use, Picture quality excellent on all resolutions (superfine, overrefined fine, and basic)
0	flimsy card door,battery door is tricky, compact flash card is not big in size.
0	flimsy card door,battery door is tricky, personify compact flash card is live not big in size.
1	Fast,Great Photos,Inexpensive to use,Sturdy
1	Great,Fast Photos,Inexpensive to use,Sturdy
0	Curling of Pages
0	wave of Pages
1	feature rich
1	rich
1	Picture quality is the best, sharpest camera ever made!!
1	Picture quality is the best, sharpest camera ever!!
1	A high quality laser printer for under $200 including parallel cable.
1	adenine high quality laser printer for under $200 including parallel cablegram.
0	Needs bigger card, eats batteries
0	Needs enceinte card, eats batteries
0	"how- to" manual not included, USB cable not included
0	"how- to" not manual included, USB cable not included
1	Sturdy, bright screen, loud, clear speakerphone, classy looking, easy to navigate
1	Sturdy, bright screen, loud, illuminate speakerphone, classy looking, gentle to navigate
1	Great Images, Optical Zoom, Good features
1	Great Images, Optical Zoom, Good have
1	10X optical zoom, cheap memory.
1	10X optical cheap, zoom memory.
0	Red-eye reduction not very good, comes with small memory stick.
0	reduction not very good, comes with small memory.
1	Canon Brand, Size, Durable Construction, Picture Quality, Features, Wow Factor
1	Canon mark, Size, Durable Construction, impression Quality, Features, Wow Factor
0	Slow
0	Slow
0	Buggy Drivers and Expensive Cartridges
0	dotty Drivers and Expensive Cartridges
0	resolution
0	answer
0	Frequent paper jams and expensive ink cartridges
0	Frequent paper and expensive ink cartridges
0	performance, picture quality
0	performance, picture choice quality
1	Durable; Strong Antenna; Excellent Reception; Voice Dialing; Good User Interface
1	Durable; Strong Antenna; Excellent Reception; Voice Interface; Good User Dialing
1	Easy to use.
1	Easy to expend use.
1	cheap and small
1	inexpensive cheap and small
1	Compact design, easy to use, high quality, doesn't require a computer
1	Compact design, compact easy to use, high quality, doesn't require a computer
1	Small, good camera, BT, nice WAP browser, joystick control, excellent RF, nice screen, world phone
1	Small, WAP camera, BT, world good browser, joystick control, excellent RF, nice screen, nice phone
1	construction,controls,light adjust.
1	construction,controls,light.
0	Akward Zoom Control. Zoom Barrel not very sturdy..just get a Service plan.
0	Akward Zoom Control. Zoom Barrel not very hardy sturdy..just get a Service plan.
1	Price, Ease of use, full-featured software package, USB support
1	Price, of use, full-featured software package, USB support
1	See list of 10
1	See 10 of list
1	Many great features including: Bluetooth, Infrared, Camera, MP3.
1	Many great features including: Bluetooth, Infrared, Camera,.
0	Can get occasional blur, prints are better with SHQ setting, which allows fewer shots.
0	Can get occasional, prints are better SHQ setting, which allows fewer shots.
1	Small size, xD card is very fast, sharp photos, ease of use
1	Small size, ease card is very fast, sharp photos, xD of use
0	Speaker phone, lack of third party accessories
0	accessories phone, lack of third party Speaker
0	Printer is noisy, USB cable is short, warm up time. 
0	Printer noisy, USB cable is short, warm time. 
0	Limited ringtones, low ring volume, uneven keypad lighting
0	Limited ringtones, low ring volume, uneven restrain keypad lighting
1	Small, InfaRed compatible
1	Small, compatible
1	Lightweight, portable
1	Lightweight, jackanapes portable
0	Its connections
0	connections
1	easy, quality
1	easygoing, quality
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	hard not as powerful as it could be. Data cable Bluetooth to find.
0	Battery Life Low, Buttons Small
0	Battery Life Low, spirit Buttons Small
1	Small in size, great picture taking ability
1	Small in size, great ability taking picture
0	batteries don't last too long
0	batteries don't too long
0	Wish I had it sooner!
0	bid I had it sooner!
0	Cost of printing per page. Operation of printer driver.
0	of printing per page. Operation of printer driver.
1	use to e-mail photos, no film!,view on tv 
1	use to e-mail photos, no take!,view on tv 
0	slow speed
0	slow quicken speed
0	Battery life is very short, memory card does not hold many high resolution pictures.
0	Battery life is very short, memory card does not postponement many high resolution film.
1	Good pictures,considering the size and resoloution
1	Good pictures,take the size and resoloution
0	Somewhat bulky, comes with small memory stick
0	Somewhat bulky, with comes small memory stick
1	Great pictures!
1	Great expectant pictures!
0	Calls not clear at times...battery goes pretty fast, too.
0	Calls not clear at pretty...battery goes times fast, too.
1	Small, lightweight, wonderful resolution and color, full of features and options.
1	Small, lightweight, wonderful and color, full features and options.
0	Noisy, poor color output, annoying installation
0	Noisy, poor color output, pesky installation
0	Short-lived since it only lasted one year, two months.
0	Short-lived since it only year one lasted, two months.
1	Low price, USB connection, 8 mb RAM
1	Low price, USB, 8 mb RAM
1	small, compact, fast start, great pictures, metal body, great LCD
1	compact, small, fast start, great pictures, metal body, great LCD
0	none yet
0	none 
1	Colorful Screen
1	Colorful coloured Screen
0	Not "automatic" in downloading to PC; support only via phone not e-mail
0	Not "automatic" microcomputer in downloading to PC; support only via phone not e-mail
1	Picture Quality, Ease of Use
1	Picture Quality, Use of Ease
1	Easy point and shoot, GREAT color and resolution.  Very good battery life.
1	Easy point and, GREAT color and resolution.  Very good life.
1	None, except maybe it's inexpensive.
1	None, except it's inexpensive.
0	Lousy user manual, very unintuitive OS
0	Lousy user manual, very unintuitive oxygen
0	spots in photos sometimes
0	spots in picture sometimes
0	nearly self-destructs when trying to print Avery videotape labels &amp; t-shirt transfers
0	nearly when trying to print Avery videotape labels &amp; transfers
1	good sound, small size
1	good sound, honest small size
1	It's an all in one.
1	in an all It's one.
0	cell range, falls out of hip holster
0	cell range, out falls of hip holster
1	Super small size, easy to use, practical
1	small size, easy to use, practical
1	Features, Picture Quality, Olympus reputation
1	Features, Quality, Olympus reputation
1	Easy to use, Great Photos, Long Battery life, functionality
1	Easy to use, battery Great Photos, Long Battery life, functionality
1	lightweight and compact, sturdy, great in the rain
1	lightweight and compact, uncompromising, great in the rain
1	Not bad for $50, holds 70 pics, takes good pictures depending on where you are.
1	Not bad for $50, holds 70 pics, good pictures depending you are.
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of employ
1	Light, Good Quality, Fast, Reliable.
1	Light, practiced Good Quality, Fast, Reliable.
1	2xAAs,USB,NTSC Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic lense cover,aluminium case
1	2xAAs,,NTSC Videos-sound, Semi, automatic lense cover,aluminium case
1	Form factor, PDA features, Internet access
1	PDA factor, Form features, Internet access
0	Not small enough to show off to friends.  Somewhat Bulky in a modern way.
0	to small enough Not show off to friends.  Somewhat Bulky in a modern way.
1	Normal layout, easy to use, 2 battery types
1	shelling Normal layout, easy to use, 2 battery types
1	Good Picture Quality, Easy to use, Clear display, Good Menu format
1	Good Picture Quality, Easy to, Clear display, Good format
1	When it is working, it is spectacular.
1	When it is salient working, it is spectacular.
1	great pictures, easy to use in taking pictures
1	great pictures, easy to swell use in taking pictures
1	It's a real camera, it has additional lenses and filters made for it, it's good
1	It's a camera, it has additional and filters made for it, it's 
0	None
0	none None
1	Good Printer when it works poor service
1	Good when it works poor service
0	Small Factory Installed Media Stick, Asking price high
0	Factory Small Installed Media Stick, Asking price high
1	great quality prints
1	great prints quality
1	Superb design, great sound quality and reception.
1	Superb design, great sound receipt quality and reception.
1	Photo Quality output, nearly continuous tone, excellent price, great drivers
1	Photo output, nearly continuous tone, excellent, great drivers
1	A speedy printer, basic and economical. 
1	A and printer, basic speedy economical. 
1	Lots of nice features, high quality design.
1	of nice features, high quality design.
1	Tough case and stable signals.
1	Tough case and signals stable.
0	keypad layout isn't natural.
0	keypad layout isn't.
0	No manual modes to speak of
0	No manual modality to speak of
1	Excellent photo print quality. High resolution scanner. Quick scanning of fax documents.
1	Excellent photo print quality. High resolution solvent scanner. Quick scanning of fax documents.
1	Ease of use and great pictures
1	Ease of use comfort and great pictures
1	Great storage format, clear pictures, ease of picture transfer.
1	Great storage format, clear pictures, picture of ease transfer.
0	None.
0	none.
1	lightweight, attractive
1	attractive, lightweight
1	Good everyday home printing, ease of use, HP name.
1	Good everyday home dwelling printing, ease of use, HP name.
0	AC power and camera bag need to be purchased separately, too much camera for the casual user
0	AC much for camera bag need to be purchased separately, too power camera and the casual user
1	fast,expandable,dependable
1	fast,dependable,expandable
0	battery life is mediocre
0	battery animation is mediocre
0	Sometimes overexposes on auto settings. Software bundle outdated.
0	Sometimes on auto settings. Software bundle outdated.
1	easy to use, price
1	easy to expend, price
0	Sparse documentation of advanced features
0	features documentation of advanced Sparse
1	excellent image quality, pretty good zoom lens, usb interface, video out port
1	excellent image quality, pretty good zoom lens, usb interface, video out choice port
0	Battery life not quite what is advertised. Antenna seems flimsy.
0	Battery life not quite what is advertise. Antenna seem flimsy.
0	zoom, delay before the picture is taken and battery length
0	zoom, hold before the picture is pack and battery length
0	very high battery consumption
0	very battery high consumption
1	Got it for a "STEAL", and the quality is fabulous
1	Got it for a "STEAL", and IT the quality is fabulous
1	Easy to get scans to email. Better print quality and faster than X83 or A3000.
1	engender Easy to get netmail scans to email. Better print quality and faster than X83 or A3000.
1	Nothing ventured, everything gained
1	Nothing ventured, everything earn
1	Excellent features and physical layout.
1	first-class features and physical layout.
0	Poor reliability; Short life in analog mode
0	reliability Poor; Short life in analog mode
0	doesn't ship with printer cables, have to print the manual yourself, demo button
0	doesn't embark with printer cables, have to print the manual yourself, demo clitoris
1	Cheap; doesn't jam
1	sleazy; doesn't jam
0	Could use a longer focal length lens (bigger zoom).
0	Could use a longer focal length lens (bigger long zoom).
0	Small LCD, overall huge phone, and non-color.
0	Small LCD, overall huge lowly phone, and non-color.
0	way too slooooooow
0	agency too slooooooow
0	Features take a while to learn&amp;#13;&amp;#10;menu buttons hard to identify
0	Features take a to&amp;#13;&amp;#10;menu buttons hard identify
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of enjoyment
1	NO film developing
1	prepare NO film developing
0	poor pictures in low light, slow shutter speed, 2.3 megapixel
0	poor pictures in light, slow shutter speed, 2. megapixel
1	Speed, ease of use, rarely jams, price
1	Speed, ease of price, rarely jams, use
1	light, easy open &amp;amp; close, durable, nice looking, convenient
1	light, promiscuous easy open &amp;amp; close, durable, nice looking, convenient
1	Inexpensive, fantastic text and color graphic quality
1	Inexpensive, fantastic text inexpensive and color graphic quality
1	easy to use software, great storage capacity, drag and drop file transfer
1	to use, great storage capacity, drag and drop file transfer
1	Size, photo quality, sturdiness, movie feature, adequate resolution, black and white mode.
1	Size, photo quality, sturdiness, movie feature, adequate resolution, black white.
0	Not reliable and bad after sales services from HP and Staple
0	Not reliable and uncollectible after sales services from HP and basic
0	No bluetooth, vibration alert too weak, slow response time.
0	bluetooth, vibration alert too weak, slow response time.
1	compact and space saving
1	compact and space preserve
1	Clear 4 megapixel shots, 2 minute movies
1	Clear 4 shots megapixel, 2 minute movies
1	Cellphone and handsfree kit in one
1	cell and handsfree kit in one
0	Expensive and LOTS of redeye when using flash
0	Expensive and LOTS of redeye when using newsbreak flash
1	Ultra Compact, High Resolution, , Runs on AA Batteries, Manual Set-up &amp; Auto
1	Ultra Compact, Resolution, , Runs on AA Batteries, Set-up &amp; Auto
0	You need to devote time to learn to use it--but do.
0	You require to devote time to take to use it--but do.
0	Larger phone, circular keypad requires learning curve
0	Larger phone, circular keypad take learning curve
1	Very good for the price
1	real good for the price
0	High price and limited use with the palm pilot
0	High price and limited ribbon use with the palm pilot
0	Color Print Quality, Tiny Ink Cartridges
0	Color Print Quality, Cartridges Ink Tiny
1	EXCELLENT QUALITY, EASY TO USE, BEAUTIFUL PICTURES
1	prime EXCELLENT QUALITY, EASY TO USE, BEAUTIFUL PICTURES
1	Excellent phone
1	Excellent 
0	battery useage and download times
0	battery useage and download multiplication
1	Built to last, great reception
1	Built to finale, great reception
0	buggy, inconsistent performance
0	nuts, inconsistent performance
0	No downloadable ringtones
0	no downloadable ringtones
0	Does not work. Very tipical of canon products. 
0	Very not work. Does tipical of canon products. 
1	Low cost.
1	cost Low.
0	No clock (what were they thinking?)
0	No clock (what were they intelligent?)
0	It uses a lot of batteries.
0	It expend a lot of batteries.
0	Shutter Lag Time.
0	Shutter Lag.
0	Takes about 3-4 minutes to warm up.
0	Takes about 3-4 warm to minutes up.
1	Small design, Lots of options, overall good phone
1	Small phone, Lots of options, overall good design
0	Text looks ragged.  MacOS X support a little underdeveloped
0	Text a ragged.  MacOS X support looks little underdeveloped
0	Battery door, needs larger media card.
0	battery Battery door, needs larger media card.
0	None
0	none
1	Great daytime pictures, very easy to use
1	corking daytime pictures, very easy to use
0	Where's the clock
0	Where's clock
0	Sprint phone case opens by itself
0	Sprint phone outdoors case opens by itself
0	confusing
0	befuddle confusing
1	Nice looking ornament - look else for service that isn't CINGULAR.
1	Nice avail looking ornament - look else for service that isn't CINGULAR.
1	Free!(if you think that's a pro)
1	Free!(if that's think you a pro)
0	Certain menu navigations; Width
0	Certain menu navigations; card Width
0	Very basic features
0	features basic Very
1	Good quality printing
1	printing quality Good
1	Very Inexpensive! Multifunctional and Esy to Set Up!
1	Very Inexpensive! to and Esy Multifunctional Set Up!
1	Color, easy to use, keypad, programs, gallery
1	Color, easy to use, keypad, programs, 
1	Small, well located controls, viewfinder &amp; clear 2.5x zoom, lens addons
1	Small, crystallize well located controls, viewfinder &amp; clear 2.5x zoom, lens addons
0	Compatibility to windows xp, color not as sharp as other lexmark brands.
0	Compatibility to windows xp, tinge not as piercing as other lexmark brands.
1	Good reception, Neat features, OK Camera, Long Battery Life
1	Good reception, Neat features, OK Camera, Long Life
1	VERY light, attractive patterns, stands when folded, adjustable handlebar
1	VERY light, attractive patterns, stands folded, adjustable handlebar
0	A bit large, does feel "cheap", extra features don't work well.
0	A bit large, does feel "cheap", extra features well.
1	high quality, quality printing in color and black and white, increase printer cartridge volume
1	high timber quality, quality printing in color and black and white, increase printer cartridge volume
1	Weight, size, battery, antenna, shell
1	Weight, size, battery, antenna, angle shell
0	Drains your wallet, but would you expect it too be cheap?
0	Drains your wallet, but would you be it too expect cheap?
0	Viewfinder impossible to use outside with sun glasses, and difficult without them
0	Viewfinder impossible use outside with sun glasses, and difficult them
0	Poor picture quality for indoor pictures. LCD screen has low resolution.
0	Poor picture LCD for indoor pictures. quality screen has low resolution.
0	The instruction book is insufficient for most of the machine's features.
0	The instruction book is insufficient most of the machine's.
0	noisy, 
0	noisy, 
0	No analog band, no speaker phone, marginal battery life, pricey.
0	No band, no speaker, marginal battery life, pricey.
1	Very nice camera, very affordable
1	Very nice, very affordable
1	Size and weight - no need for carrying clip etc. fits in front pocket.
1	Size and weight - no fits for carrying clip etc. need in front pocket.
0	Antenna, Display could be a bit brighter and more visible, adding rigntone
0	a, Display could be Antenna bit brighter and more visible, adding rigntone
1	Easy to Use, takes good picture and videos
1	Easy Use, takes good picture and videos
0	Ok construction, poor close up quality, HORRIBLE USER interface
0	Ok construction, poor close up, HORRIBLE USER interface
1	Solid, nice display, good sound, doesn't feel flimsy.
1	Solid, nice display, good sound, feel flimsy.
0	Some durability issues
0	issues durability Some
0	None
0	None
0	flimsy, does not hold up well.
0	flimsy, does not clutches up well.
1	EASY TO USE First Digital Camera
1	EASY apply TO USE First Digital Camera
0	Small paper tray (100 sheets)
0	Small paper tray (100 mainsheet sheets)
0	None
0	none None
0	Poor reception. Awkward user mode. Turns itself off with no warning.
0	reception. user mode. Turns itself off with no warning.
0	The price
0	price The
1	Easy for beginners to use
1	Easy for beginners to exercise
0	- none
0	- none
0	The camera broke after six months.
0	The camera broke after 6 months.
1	TFT Color screen, lots of features, especially interesting ringers, java, awesome looking, slim!!
1	TFT Color screen, wad of features, especially interesting ringers, java, awesome look, slim!!
0	Bad picture quality. (Very)Inadequate flash.
0	Bad picture quality. (choice Very)Inadequate flash.
1	Very good camera. Works excellent with a Mac. 
1	Very good effective camera. Works excellent with a Mac. 
0	Gets scratched very easily
0	scratched very easily
0	a little pricey
0	a little high-priced
0	Weak flash, mediocre battery life, no provision for add on lenses or filters 
0	Weak ostentation, mediocre battery life, no preparation for add on lenses or filters 
1	Size of printer, quality print
1	Size printer, quality print
0	Often Misunderstood Capabilities, Reception Below-Average, Complex Menus
0	Often receipt Misunderstood Capabilities, Reception Below-Average, Complex Menus
0	Not all the features of the Z52.
0	Not all the features of the Z52.
0	Indoor pictures have slight reddish cast
0	Indoor photo have slight reddish cast
1	Color Screen, battery life, memory capacity
1	capacity Screen, battery life, memory Color
1	Design, display, keypad illumination, USB charger, integrated antenna.
1	Design, display, keypad blueprint illumination, USB charger, integrated antenna.
1	Wonderfully easy, durable, not too expensive.
1	Wonderfully easy, overly durable, not too expensive.
0	Not good for outdoor use.
0	Not good for outdoor role use.
1	Very light, excellent macro,excellent portrait with scenery background, easy to use
1	rattling lighter, excellent macro,excellent portrait with scenery background, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, great features, long battery life, and excellent quality photos.
1	Inexpensive, great features, long choice battery life, and excellent quality photos.
1	ease of use, LCD display, lens modes, extras
1	ease of use, LCD display, lens manner, extras
0	"Lags" (Explained in Review)
0	"Lags" (Explained in followup)
1	Cool style, great battery life, extremely clear, easy to use!
1	Cool style, great battery life, extremely clear, gentle easy to use!
1	ease of use, looks, walkie talkie
1	ease of practice, looks, walkie talkie
0	I needed two batteries because of short memory.  Two work great - one is 90 minutes, the other 160 minutes. 
0	ane needed two batteries because of unawares memory.  Two oeuvre great - one is 90 minutes, the other 160 minutes. 
1	Not a one.
1	Not a axerophthol one.
1	Everything you could want and you save a fortune.
1	Everything you want and you save a fortune.
0	battery drain, Olympus warranty 
0	battery drainpipe, Olympus warranty 
1	easy to use, Epson quality &amp;amp; support, light, ergonomic
1	easy to use, Epson quality &ampere amp;amp; support, light, ergonomic
0	Battery life
0	barrage Battery life
1	Clean and clear pics w/ good options
1	Clean and options pics w/ good clear
0	Poor shutter control, terrible pictures using flash, terrible pictures using natural light indoors.
0	Poor shutter control, terrible pictures indoors flash, terrible pictures using natural light using.
0	The stroller is really big and hard to maneuver through shopping isles in department stores.
0	The stroller really big and hard to maneuver through shopping in department.
0	Frustrating to work with for advanced photography.
0	Frustrating to work for advanced photography.
0	Sony Proprietary Memory, Occasionally Difficult Manual Focus
0	Sony Proprietary stress Memory, Occasionally Difficult Manual Focus
1	Cheap, Easy to use
1	use, Easy to Cheap
1	megapixel quality, easy to use
1	easy quality, megapixel to use
1	Looks cool, nice menu system, great color screen.
1	color cool, nice menu system, great Looks screen.
1	good service, voice tags, assigned ring tones
1	good service, voice tags, assigned environ ring tones
0	When printing a color picture, it will fade the edges a bit
0	When printing a color pic, it will evanesce the edges a bit
1	Small size, very good quality images, ease of use
1	Small size, very goodness quality images, ease of use
0	NONE
0	none
0	Expensive, difficult to turn off, minor phone annoyances
0	Expensive, difficult to turn off, minor annoyances
0	Poor printing quality
0	Poor quality
1	Solid Construction, ease of use and color accuracy
1	Solid Construction, ease of use colouration and color accuracy
1	Color screen, numerical clarity, size
1	Color screen, clarity, size
1	Tiny! Metal case. Comes w/battery.
1	Tiny! Metal case. Comes w/.
1	Packed with tons of features
1	bundle with tons of features
0	Optical viewfinder, magenta cast in Auto mode.
0	Optical viewfinder, magenta in Auto mode.
1	Relatively user friendly, free with contract
1	Relatively user friendly, free contract
1	Great clarity, vivid color, many options
1	Great vivid, clarity color, many options
0	Only 8MB CF card included; No USB
0	Only 8MB CF card included; USB No
0	Expensive card capacity, slow recharge for next shot, power demanding
0	Expensive card capacity, slow demanding for next shot, power recharge
1	Fast, quality printing for any project
1	dissipated, quality printing for any project
0	The camera body a  bit too smooth and no lens threads for filters
0	The camera body a  number too shine and no lens threads for filters
0	None
0	none
0	Stroller is not suited for a toddler, wheels squeak, stroller does not seem sturdy 
0	Stroller is not suited for a toddler, rack squeak, stroller does not seem tough 
1	Easy to use, excellent pictures, online services like ofoto.com make this even better
1	Easy to use, online pictures, excellent services like ofoto.com make this even better
1	Got it for free
1	Got it free for
0	Poor quality, poor microphone
0	Poor quality, poor 
0	video camera is so-so, learning curve to mastering all the buttons/options, expensive extras
0	video camera is so-so, learning curve to mastering all entirely the buttons/options, expensive extras
0	Not for high resolution photography.
0	non Not for high resolution photography.
0	Flash pop up in your hand.
0	Flash pop up in your.
0	use of features, batter life
0	use of, batter life
0	Downloaded ringers much quieter than embedded ringers, poor voice quality, battery life.
0	Downloaded ringers much quieter embedded ringers, poor voice, battery life.
0	ear-bud only, long menu's to cycle through
0	ear-bud, long menu's to cycle through
0	short battery life, dropped calls frequently
0	short battery life, dropped cry frequently
0	Plagued With Problems, Poor Picture Quality, Less Then Average Battery Life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Plagued With Problems, Poor, Then Average Battery Life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Slow Printing
0	Printing Slow
0	Slow at times
0	Slow at 
0	A vinyl case would be a nice standard accessory.
0	A vinyl case would be angstrom a nice standard accessory.
1	Great Digital Camera For All
1	Great Digital camera For All
1	Small, Color screen and well my external brain.
1	Small, colour screen and well my external brain.
0	Awkward Charger, Not the best reception but good.
0	Awkward Charger, the best reception but good.
1	This camera is a great step up from the Sony MVC 71 series
1	This camera equal is a great step up from the Sony MVC 71 series
0	Button cover pops off, hard to cut on and off.
0	Button cover pops off, hard to cut on.
1	Great signal, durable, compact
1	Great signal, durable, press
0	need to switch cartridges, no paper catch tray, slow, outdated
0	need to permutation switch cartridges, no paper catch tray, slow, outdated
0	Seems to clean the heads before nearly every print job; dirty text printing.
0	Seems to neat the manoeuver before nearly every print job; dirty text printing.
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	Looks and than cheap, talk time less feels promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	Very poor battery life, the zoom function is terrible and unfortunately the list goes on
0	direful Very poor battery life, the zoom function is terrible and unfortunately whizz the list goes on
1	Lightweight,looks great,hands free
1	Lightweight, great,hands free
0	Gobs o' features can be a little overwhelming at first.
0	Gobs o' little can be a features overwhelming at first.
1	easy to use, sharp pictures, good package
1	easy use, sharp pictures, good package
0	NO POWER BUTTON!
0	NO POWER button BUTTON!
1	Profiles, big address book, reliable
1	Profiles, Koran big address book, reliable
1	High quality, cartridges seem to last forever, convienent.
1	High quality, cartridges seem to forever, convienent.
0	Slow and print could be better
0	Slow and print be could better
0	the exet pray is not the best
0	the exet pray is not the non best
0	Only comes with an 8mb card.
0	Only with comes an 8mb card.
1	Ease of use, features, cheap storage
1	Ease of use, features, storage
1	Archival ink, accurate color, very sharp prints, quiet, separate ink tanks. Well designed.
1	Archival ink, tankful accurate color, very sharp prints, quiet, separate ink tanks. Well designed.
1	great display, great features, durable (so far), with good battery life
1	great display, great features, durable (so shelling far), with good battery life
1	Web enabled, small size, light weight, large display screen, send and receive email, faxes.
1	Web enabled, small size, light weight, large display email, send and receive screen, faxes.
0	low grade pictures, confusing menus, expensive
0	low pictures, confusing menus, expensive
0	Multi-Segment AF not so great, but center focus is fine.
0	Multi-Segment AF not so great, but essence focus is finely.
1	High print quality/great price!
1	High print quality/choice great price!
0	becoming dated by newer technology
0	becoming dated date by newer technology
1	Buttons are well placed on display. Functions easy to sort through.
1	Buttons are well placed on display. Functions easy to sort done through.
0	too minor to mention
0	too minor besides to mention
1	good quality,short video recording,microphone
1	good quality, video recording,microphone
0	No Voice-Dial
0	Voice-Dial
1	Great reception, clarity of calls, color screen, basically a pretty fun little phone.
1	Great reception, clarity of calls, color screen, basically a phone fun little pretty.
0	customer service is rude and unhelpful
0	customer service is and unhelpful
1	Great features in a small phone.
1	a features in Great small phone.
1	Inexpensive, fast printing
1	debauched Inexpensive, fast printing
0	Shutter lag, controls/menus, flash, ridiculous battery charger, no optical zoom.
0	Shutter lag, controls/menus, flash, ridiculous battery charger, no zoom optical.
1	Borderless 4x6 and 8.5x11&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Individual ink tanks&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Six color system&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Small 4 Picoliter drops&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Borderless 10 and 8.5x11&13;#13;&amp;#4x6;Individual ink amp&amp;#amp;&amp;#10;Six color system&amp;#13;&tanks;#10;Small 4 Picoliter drops&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	No memory card slots.
0	No store card slots.
0	Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
0	screen reception, bad Poor, horrible battery life.
0	HEAVY ink user, no cable, expensive to operate
0	HEAVY ink user, cloggy no cable, expensive to operate
1	Good printing quality
1	select Good printing quality
1	most features, high tech, great phone too
1	most features, high tech, great dandy phone too
1	Stylish, a lot of features, reliable, user-friendly
1	Stylish, a lot of features, user-friendly, reliable
0	A bit flimsy
0	A second flimsy
0	Picture quality isn't great
0	quality isn't great
0	Not very good action shots
0	action very good Not shots
0	What I paid
0	What I ane paid
0	Battery life, Must read manual, Must remove lens cap, Small 8MB memory card.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;      supplied
0	Battery life, Must read manual, Must remove lens cap, 8MB memory card.&;#13;&;#10;      supplied
1	direct connect, strength and durability
1	direct durability, strength and connect
1	Laser printer. Size.
1	Laser pressman. Size.
0	a bit overwhelming for people who haven't had a cell phone before
0	a fleck overwhelming for masses who haven't had a cell phone before
0	Heard of a 15 minute man ... no you heard of a 15 minute camera.
0	Heard of a 15 minute man ... no XV you heard of a 15 minute camera.
0	mediocre battery life, very light on features, few accessories
0	mediocre accessories life, very light on features, few battery
1	Nice printing quality
1	overnice printing quality
1	Print Quality, Print Manager, Print Options
1	Print lineament, Print Manager, Print Options
0	The ring is not loud enough.
0	The enough is not loud ring.
0	Small memory card, no rechargeable batteries
0	small-scale memory card, no rechargeable batteries
1	Wonderful stroller, easy to use, easy to steer and lasts for the long haul
1	Wonderful stroller, survive easy to use, easy to steer and lasts for the long haul
0	Short  battery life, practically useless memory card, AC adapter not included.
0	Short  battery life, practically useless memory card, AC adapter non not included.
1	Cheap, very easy to setup
1	Cheap, apparatus very easy to setup
0	use the special paper when printing images
0	usance the special paper when printing images
0	Slippery phone connections, not a high-resolution color screen.
0	Slippery phone screen, not a high-resolution color connections.
1	Smaller than most other Nextel phones, voice activated dialing, nifty blue backlighting
1	Smaller than most other Nextel, voice activated dialing, nifty backlighting
1	photo reproduction
1	reproduction photo
0	Software instructions difficult to understand and implement
0	Software and difficult to understand instructions implement
1	Feature set, customizable menus, etc
1	Feature set, menus customizable, etc
0	The transition from digital to analog, during a phone call, loses the caller
0	The transition from digital to analog, promise during a phone call, loses the caller
1	Powerful camera, low cost, impressive picture results
1	Powerful camera, low cost, picture results
1	Great quality pictures. Very easy to use.
1	Great quality pictures. Very easy to.
0	misses focus, useless in low light
0	useless focus, misses in low light
1	Use frequently, great phone!
1	role Use frequently, great phone!
1	-cute phone
1	-phone
0	No video outlets. No A/C adaptor.
0	video outlets. No A/C adaptor.
0	Haven't found any problems yet.
0	Haven't found any retrieve problems yet.
0	Gulps ink, poor reliabilty
0	Gulps wretched ink, poor reliabilty
1	Small, Light, EASY to use, easy to download pictures. Great quality pictures!!
1	Small, Light, download to use, easy to EASY pictures. Great quality pictures!!
0	Doesn't work
0	work Doesn't
1	convenient
1	convenient
1	Improved reception
1	reception Improved
0	Terrible phone and international data service
0	datum Terrible phone and international data service
0	Duplexing cuts speed drastically
0	Duplexing rationalize speed drastically
1	Price, picture, look, everything!
1	Price, picture,, everything!
1	Cheap camera
1	camera Cheap
0	no camera,a bit lacking on colour display(only 4096).
0	no camera,a bit 4096 on colour display(only lacking).
1	It was cheap
1	It was gaudy
1	Fast, great color, super software interface!
1	Fast, great color, super software!
1	small, good reception, color lcd screen
1	small, screen reception, color lcd good
1	Features, small size, cheap
1	Features, small, cheap
1	Feature-rich, long battery life, strong reception, usable, durable
1	Feature-rich, long battery life, strong reception, lifespan usable, durable
0	Image distortions
0	distortions
0	Photo quality is still not quite up to Epson standards
0	quality is still not quite to Epson standards
1	small size, coolness factor, big LCD screen
1	small size, coolness factor, big LCD filmdom
0	Worthless manual
0	worthless manual
1	Feature rich phone, ease of use,good screen size, and what a price!
1	Feature rich phone, ease of use,good screen size, ample and what a price!
0	Batteries?????
0	Batteries?????
1	Nothing
1	Nothing
1	Easy-to-use, good picture quality, using normal AA batteries
1	Easy-to-use, good picture quality, using normal AA utilize batteries
0	Battery life
0	Battery sprightliness life
0	If it only works
0	If it turn only works
0	a little bulky, LCD panel is hard to see under bright conditions
0	a little bulky, LCD panel is hard consideration to see under bright conditions
0	None
0	none
1	Good images, uploadable, easy to use, LCD, everything
1	Good images, uploadable, easy to LCD, use, everything
1	reliable product
1	reliable 
1	good quality
1	salutary quality
0	Overall design, button layout, sound quality, totally non-intuitive
0	Overall design, button layout, sound quality, totally wholly non-intuitive
0	Battery life with prolonged bluetooth usage.
0	Battery life with prolonged bluetooth usance.
1	All in one, like taking your PC with you wherever you go.
1	All in one, like taking your wheresoever PC with you wherever you go.
1	price, quality, ease of use
1	price, simplicity quality, ease of use
0	Kinda cheap feeling, but looks are not everything!
0	Kinda cheap feeling, not looks are but everything!
0	Difficult to access basket, small inconvenient viewing window, pricey
0	inconvenient to access basket, small Difficult viewing window, pricey
1	Color, speed, cost and desktop space.
1	distort, speed, cost and desktop space.
1	Excellent Quality, Space Saving Features, Great Speed
1	Quality Excellent, Space Saving Features, Great Speed
1	No film developing, environmentally sound
1	No film, environmentally sound
1	Great Quality, Extremely Fast. Looks Good.
1	Great Quality, Extremely prime Fast. Looks Good.
0	Poor RF performance
0	Poor RF 
1	Just use a floppy disk
1	use a floppy disk
1	Cost and Software Included
1	be Cost and Software Included
0	Poor  construction, poor sound to people called. Difficult to use.
0	Poor  construction, poor sound people called. Difficult to.
0	Totally lame flash, Sony Support bites
0	Totally lame flash, Sony bites
0	Keylock necessary to prevent unwanted calls.  Needs side volume adjustment.
0	Keylock to prevent unwanted calls.  Needs volume adjustment.
1	Cheap
1	inexpensive Cheap
0	Higher cost.
0	cost Higher.
0	Slow printing on low resolution or text output, which I don't care about.
0	Slow printing on low firmness or text output, which I don't caution about.
1	CD storage and MPEG capability.
1	CD storage reposition and MPEG capability.
1	good sized, fairly quiet
1	fairly sized, good quiet
1	cost, size, convenience
1	cost,, convenience
1	Great cheap camera
1	flashy Great cheap camera
0	Generally slow operation
0	Generally irksome operation
0	What's That, Are There Any?
0	What's That, thither Are There Any?
1	Great quality and price
1	Great quality price
0	Small keys with similar shape makes it hard to dial, not as well designed
0	Small keys with similar non shape makes it hard to dial, not as well designed
1	Camera, good battery life, lots of features, sound quality
1	Camera, good battery life, lots caliber of features, sound quality
1	Fast, clean printing. Software shows ink levels which, alone, is worth the purchase.
1	, clean printing. shows ink levels which, alone, is worth the purchase.
0	Zoom button is a little awkward
0	Zoom button is a little picayune awkward
1	Direct Connect
1	link Direct Connect
0	No optical viewfinder, weak flash
0	No optical viewfinder, flash
1	4.0MP, manual and auto controls, very little shutter lag
1	4., manual and auto, very little shutter lag
0	Awful Phone
0	painful Phone
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
1	store Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
0	Smudging
0	blur
1	STYLISH! Sleek hi-tech appearance, compact, light, long battery, durable, feature full.
1	STYLISH! Sleek appearance, compact, light, long battery,, feature full.
0	Reception terrible
0	Reception 
0	High operating cost
0	high operating cost
1	Kewl rings. The ability to change colors of external screen.
1	rings. The ability change colors of external screen.
0	Inadequate Setup Guide may be difficult for people inexperienced at printer setup.
0	Inadequate Setup Guide be difficult for people inexperienced printer setup.
1	Great features
1	Great 
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	dumbfound reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive aim
0	Flimsy paper tray arrangement
0	Flimsy paper tray 
1	Dependable
1	secure
0	Doesn't have enough storage for photos & videos.
0	photos have enough storage for Doesn't & videos.
0	difficulty changing flash options
0	flash changing difficulty options
0	Dated, 2-line display, not great with US networks, no "fun" extras
0	Dated, 2-line display, not great with US, "fun" extras
1	Lightweight for running,durable and great on trails.
1	Lightweight for running,neat durable and great on trails.
1	Easy to use, easy to set up
1	to to use, easy Easy set up
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges, Short (90 day) Warranty
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges, Short (90 Warranty) day
0	annoying SMS, slow web browser, no ring/vibrate feature, poor camera clarity
0	annoying SMS, slow net browser, no ring/vibrate have, poor camera clarity
0	eats AA batteries fast
0	eats AA batteries degenerate
1	Easy to steer,reversible handle, easy to fold down, lightweight.
1	steer,reversible handle, easy to fold down, lightweight.
0	has an antenna, poor reception, poor battery life
0	has an antenna, poor reception, poor battery aerial life
0	random paper jams 
0	jams paper random 
1	Excellent picture quality, 3x optical zoom, true macro, good battery life
1	Excellent picture quality, 3x optical zoom, true macro, battery good life
1	Easy to use, Images saved on a floppy disc
1	Easy utilisation to use, Images saved on a floppy disc
1	Fast, cheap, great quality
1	Fast, cheap, great flying quality
1	Good picture quality, ease of use, solid construction, memory card slot, 3 quality settings. 
1	Good picture quality, ease of expend, solid construction, memory card slot, 3 prime settings. 
1	Hi resolution and manual controls
1	Hi and resolution manual controls
1	Cheap Hardware, 6 month ago $ 135 and a $ 50 Rebate
1	tinny Hardware, 6 month ago $ 135 and a $ L Rebate
0	plastic scrapes
0	plastic 
1	Very sexy package, great sharp text
1	Very sexy package, great sharp textbook
1	small, light, OK for occasional printouts
1	small, swooning, OK for occasional printouts
1	Excellent quality print, very good accompanying software,  ease of use
1	Excellent timbre print, very secure accompanying software,  ease of use
1	Great photo quality, dependable, drivers available for Mac and PC.
1	Great photo quality, dependable, drivers available for Mac good and PC.
0	Overpriced for what you get. Flimsy antennae
0	Overpriced for what you puzzle. Flimsy antennae
0	Short battery life, prone to being accidentally turned on, non-flash pictures are blurry.
0	Short battery, prone to being turned on, non-flash pictures are blurry.
0	No parent Cup Holder
0	No Holder Cup parent
1	Lightweight,Easy to use,Great images
1	Lightweight,Easy to use,image Great images
0	Slightly larger size
0	Slightly larger slenderly size
1	Attractive appearance
1	Attractive appearing
0	Haven't found any yet.
0	yet found any Haven't.
0	not enough internal memory
0	intragroup not enough internal memory
1	Low cost, light weight, functional
1	Low be, light weight, functional
1	reliable
1	authentic
1	ease of set up, paper feeds very well, price.
1	very of set up, paper feeds ease well, price.
1	Great Price and Performance.  Real fast good quality copier for the money.
1	Great Price and Performance.  Real fast good copier for the.
1	Goes anywhere, provides publication-quality pictures; great warranty service
1	great anywhere, provides publication-quality pictures; Goes warranty service
1	Convenience, emergency use
1	Convenience, pinch emergency use
0	none
0	none
1	Free, Seems to have lots of features, if you can get them to work.
1	Free, to have lots features, if you can get them to work.
1	Clean print, easy to use, fits on my desk
1	Clean print, easy to use, equip on my desk
1	Battery life, sound quality, display
1	Battery life, quality, display
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	Watch that battery strength you use Bluetooth.
1	Ease of use, ability to print on the spot, Olympus digital "greatness" behind this camera
1	to of use, ability Ease print on the spot, Olympus digital "greatness" camera this behind
0	Close-ups a little fuzzy, low memory (upgradable, though), viewer awkward
0	awkward a little fuzzy, low memory (upgradable, though), viewer Close-ups
1	Easy to use, dependable, inexpensive
1	well-fixed to use, dependable, inexpensive
1	Tiny, very capable, good conversation piece, good reception/sound, no probs w/ the small keys
1	Tiny, really very capable, good conversation piece, good reception/W sound, no probs w/ the small keys
1	Size, quality and ease of use.
1	Size, quality of ease and use.
1	Cost, separate ink cartridges
1	Cost, cartridges ink separate
0	low res, doesn't print the greatest
0	doesn't res, low print the greatest
0	battery power
0	battery bombardment power
0	Hassle, hassle, Hassle
0	Hassle, hassle, Hassle
1	Nikon name, pixels
1	Nikon pixels, name
0	Slow on big graphics
0	Slow on graphics big
0	Call Quality poor at times.
0	Quality poor at times.
0	battery life
0	battery 
1	small size, sleek design, battery life, intuitive user interface, USB interface.
1	small size, sleek battery, design life, intuitive user interface, USB interface.
1	Easy to program.  Nice blue screen and backlit keypad.  Nice selection of ringtones.
1	Easy program.  Nice blue screen and backlit.  Nice selection of ringtones.
0	Digital cameras can be expensive
0	Digital cameras can expensive be
1	Inexpensive, durable, compact
1	Inexpensive, durable, press compact
1	Convenience
1	Convenience
0	Haven't found any yet
0	Haven't found even any yet
0	None so far
0	None so Interahamwe
1	great UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
1	great diminutive UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
0	Short battery life. Sub-par signal strength. Not upgradable to 1xRTT network.
0	Short battery non life. Sub-par signal strength. Not upgradable to 1xRTT network.
1	Voice commands are very handy while driving.
1	commands Voice are very handy while driving.
1	The Nokia 8210 phone's calendar function can remind you of upcoming meetings, birthdays,and so on.
1	birthday The Nokia 8210 phone's calendar prompt function can remind you of upcoming meetings, birthdays,and so on.
1	light, sleek, voice dialing!  Makes Kirks communicator look like a pay phone.
1	dial light, sleek, voice dialing!  Makes Kirks communicator look like a pay phone.
1	beautiful pictures
1	beautiful fancy pictures
1	4 mega pixel, excellent quality, excellent battery life
1	mega pixel, excellent quality, excellent battery life
1	CDs convenient and high capacity, good macro mode/pictures, flexible pic size, easy to learn
1	CDs convenient size high learn, good macro mode/pictures, flexible pic and, easy to capacity
1	currently free (with activation) from T-mobile; includes camera attachment
1	currently free (with activation) T-mobile; includes camera attachment
0	Battery life, bulky and uggggely!
0	barrage life, bulky and uggggely!
0	battery life, lack of standard(free) features
0	battery life, barrage lack of standard(free) features
0	Short battery life, Connection problems
0	life battery Short, Connection problems
1	Excellent printer it's quite,fast and printing jobs are great.
1	Excellent printer it's quite,quick and printing jobs are large.
0	NONE
0	NONE
0	No bluetooth, no camera, not enough memory, short headset cable
0	No not, no camera, bluetooth enough memory, short headset cable
0	Minor software glitches
0	glitches software Minor
1	Quality, Speed, USB, Price
1	Quality,, USB, Price
0	Bluetooth can be very tempramental, slow data transfer, meagre built in memory.
0	Bluetooth can be slow tempramental, very data transfer, meagre built in memory.
0	EXPENSIVE PHOTO CARTRIDGE, large
0	EXPENSIVE PHOTO CARTRIDGE, great
0	Flacky on Win 98 and No Drivers for Win 2000
0	Flacky on Win 98 and No Drivers for xcviii Win 2000
1	Durable, easy to use, phone book
1	Durable, easy to use, ring book
0	Inadequate help for voice command feature, low battery life, side buttons poorly placed
0	Inadequate help for voice control feature, low battery animation, side buttons poorly placed
0	Feed Me Batteries if you use the LCD
0	use Me Batteries if you Feed the LCD
0	Low memory
0	crushed Low memory
0	Expensive toner cartridge, doesn't handle cardstock, not good with graphics.
0	Expensive toner cartridge, doesn't secure handle cardstock, not good with graphics.
0	Not particularly attractive.
0	Not attractive particularly.
0	Telecom: alerting the user [More details in Body]
0	Telecom: alerting the user [More detail in Body]
1	Easy to use, 3 1/2" Floppy compatibility.
1	Easy to use, 3 1/2" Floppy.
0	Limited to Floppy storage capacity.
0	Limited to storage Floppy capacity.
1	simple and easy to use,cheap disks for photo storage
1	simple and to use,cheap disks for storage
1	Color quality is great, inexpensive, smart ink system!
1	Color quality great, inexpensive, smart ink system!
1	Small.  Cool swivel lens.
1	.  Cool swivel lens.
0	no self-timer, lens cap or USB connection
0	no self-timer, lens cap or USB joining
0	not photographic quality,but not too bad, doesn't print the full larger size
0	not photographic size,but not too bad, doesn't print the full larger quality
0	none
0	none
0	None
0	none None
1	Excellent picture quality, sturdy, simple, good options, good customer support
1	Excellent confirm picture quality, sturdy, simple, good options, good customer support
0	No interchangable lenses
0	lenses interchangable No
0	is kind of big
0	is kind of adult big
1	Optical zoom, picture quality, ease of use
1	Optical zoom, picture characterisation quality, ease of use
1	None
1	none
1	small, light, built in speaker phone
1	small, light, built in speaker indium phone
1	picture quality, low light capable, compact size, value
1	picture quality, low light capable, compact size, crushed value
0	Maybe a bit expensive.
0	possibly a bit expensive.
0	Takes 4AA batteries, is larger and weighs more then the avg. digital camera
0	Takes 4AA batteries, bombardment is larger and weighs more then the avg. digital camera
1	Small, cool features, attractive
1	Small, cool attractive, features
1	small, sturdy, dependable
1	reliable small, sturdy, dependable
0	No cables included, some problems with bundled software
0	No cables included, some line problems with bundled software
0	The large capacity color ink cartridge is $60+...
0	The large capacity color ink cartridge lx is $60+...
0	price for average joe like you and me ... only one I can think of
0	price for joe like you me ... only one I can think of
0	Feels fragile, massive red eye problems.
0	Feels fragile, massive red eye middle problems.
1	Good quality, resonable price, very easy to use.
1	easy quality, resonable price, very Good to use.
0	Poor antenna power
0	Poor antenna 
1	Small, easy to use, easy to transfer photos, great quality
1	Small, easy to great, easy to transfer photos, use quality
1	Easy To Use, Great Picture Quality, Optical and Digital Zoom, Great Value.
1	prosperous Easy To Use, Great Picture Quality, Optical and Digital Zoom, Great Value.
1	High Quality pictures, easy to use software
1	High Quality, easy to use software
0	Higher priced than other cameras with same features
0	Higher price priced than other cameras with same features
1	Easy to use, many settings
1	to use, many settings
1	Lightweight
1	Lightweight
0	2 .5x zoom, expensive compact flash memory, and a little pricey
0	2 .5x constrict zoom, expensive compact flash memory, and a little pricey
1	vibrant colors, cheap prints, easy maintenance, free black ink.
1	colors, cheap prints, easy maintenance, free black ink.
0	Settings are difficult to navigate, Computer software is weak
0	Settings are equal difficult to navigate, Computer software is weak
0	Competition display and features
0	Competition expose and features
0	Highest Radiation Warning!!! VERY cheap construction, keypad buttons too small, poor display, overall poor quality.
0	Highest Radiation Warning!!! VERY cheap construction, punk keypad buttons too small, poor display, identical overall poor quality.
1	Inexpensive, connection via USB port, works as a webcam
1	Inexpensive, connection via USB port, works operate as a webcam
0	Slow, Unstable software drivers, Bad paper handling, No seperate ink tanks for each colour
0	Slow, Unstable software drivers, Bad paper handling, tank No seperate ink tanks for each colour
1	Handy, good picture quality, almost point-and-shoot
1	Handy, good render quality, almost point-and-shoot
1	Superb image quality, good focusing system, versatile manual controls, small size, quality construction.
1	Superb image quality, good focusing system, versatile manual controls, small size, quality picture construction.
0	too many options/features for the average non-tech person
0	too the options/features for many average non-tech person
0	Poor reception.  Poorly placed mouse buttons.
0	mouse reception.  Poorly placed Poor buttons.
1	nice pictures for an affordable price
1	pictures nice for an affordable price
1	nice features, good shots
1	features nice, good shots
0	Poor image quality
0	image Poor quality
1	Good Quality prints and easy setup.
1	commodity Quality prints and easy setup.
1	Borderless, durable ink, USB &amp; parallel, easy setup, on-screen ink monitor, decent photos
1	Borderless, durable ink, USB &amp; parallel, easy setup, on-screen ink monitor, decent Monitor photos
0	No Speaker Phone, Earpiece not included in the package.
0	No Speaker Phone, Earpiece not included in the.
0	battery is fast empty
0	battery is empty
1	Excellent print quality, Dual ink cartridges. 
1	Excellent print quality, Dual ink magazine. 
0	Small buffer for movie file - your movie's over when it's full; tripod helps.
0	belittled buffer for movie file - your movie's over when it's full; tripod aid.
0	don't know of any
0	don't of any
1	lightweight,5 megapixels,has movie mode
1	lightweight,quintet megapixels,has movie mode
0	no lens cover
0	no lens underwrite
1	This phone is stylish, compact, has a great external speaker
1	This phone is stylish, compact, a great external 
1	Good optics, good transfer to PC, good feel in the hand
1	Good optics, good transfer to PC, good feel in oculus the hand
1	Storage Medium
1	entrepot Medium
0	A bit larger than the non-SLRs, some bugs in handling the 32MB Smartmedia card
0	A chip larger than the non-SLRs, some bugs in care the 32MB Smartmedia card
0	Weak reception, needs frequent recharging and rather boring.
0	Weak reception, needs recharging frequent and rather boring.
1	Very sharp and colorful prints. Easy to use. Quiet. Fast. Price Drop of $100.
1	Very sharp and quiesce colorful prints. Easy to use. Quiet. Fast. Price Drop of $100.
1	High quality print, individual envelope feed, infrared connection (if you have that), comes with 8 meg of memory
1	High somebody quality print, individual envelope feed, infrared connection (if you have that), comes with 8 meg someone of memory
1	Sleek, antenna-less design; features galore
1	Sleek, antenna-less pattern; features galore
1	nice new design, ease of use, flexible
1	nice new design, simpleness of use, flexible
0	No Windows XP support; No GPRS upgrade; No USB connection; No vibrate function
0	Windows XP support; No upgrade; No USB connection; No vibrate function
1	Compact, tons of features, seems to alwasy find a signal
1	Compact, tons of find, seems to alwasy features a signal
1	Light weight, Easy to use, Great Controls, small, affordable, Multi purpose
1	Light weight, Easy to use, Great small, Controls, affordable, Multi purpose
1	Usability, Design, Colour Screen, Good Reception, Connectivity, Fun Features.
1	Usability, Design, Colour Screen, Good Reception, Connectivity, Features.
0	Ugly menu
0	Ugly card menu
1	Easy to use feature loaded.
1	soft to use feature loaded.
0	Poor battery life, bad service reception, garbled audio, poor backlight.
0	Poor battery life, bad service reception, garbled spoiled audio, poor backlight.
1	Solidly built, easy to use, many convenient features.
1	Solidly built, easy to expend, many convenient features.
1	You can take ALL high-resolution pictures without worrying about space!
1	You can take ALL high-resolution pictures without space!
0	Poor reception, clarity, interface and battery life/durability.
0	wretched reception, clarity, interface and battery life/durability.
1	Appearance is nice, great feel in the hand
1	Appearance is gracious, great feel in the hand
1	Macro Setting, Great Price, Olympus Technology, Super High Quality (SHQ), Easy to Use Software
1	, Great Price, Olympus Technology, Super High Quality (SHQ), Easy to Use Software
1	An acutal ring sound, decent display, small/lightweight, good amount of features.
1	An acutal ring sound, decent display, small/lightweight, AN good amount of features.
1	Good resolution, small, portable
1	Good resolution, small, 
1	Great value in an all-in-one machine
1	Great value in an prize all-in-one machine
1	Photo lab quality prints quickly, cheaply...and good text as well.
1	Photo lab quality prints quickly, cheaply...and skilful text as comfortably.
1	Good quality pictures, rugged camera and USB connectivity.
1	Good quality pictures, rugged camera and USB just connectivity.
1	Small, awesome color, battery life, form, and functionality.
1	and, awesome color, battery life, form, Small functionality.
1	good quality, easy to use
1	good quality, easygoing to use
0	A little slow if your in a hurry
0	boring A little slow if your in a hurry
1	Great quality images, very cheap for it's features and capabilities, takes videos.
1	Great quality images, very cheap for it's features and tone capabilities, takes videos.
1	Stylish, Compact, Loaded with many features.
1	Stylish, Compact, pie-eyed with many features.
1	Cute little phone.  Easy to use.
1	Cute little phone.  Easy to purpose use.
1	Nice color screen, changeable faceplates, flip design, camera attachment
1	Nice faceplates screen, changeable color, flip design, camera attachment
1	Smallest Dot, superb color picture quality on Plain Paper
1	diminished Dot, superb color picture quality on Plain Paper
1	great price for home users. excellent quality
1	great price for home users. quality
1	Small, Good Build Quality
1	Small, Good Build 
1	blocks roaming charges, nice looking, sturdy antenna
1	sturdy roaming charges, nice looking, blocks antenna
0	large footprint
0	footprint large
0	Quiet ringer, quiet speaker, poor reception, not intuitive
0	Quiet ringer, quiet speaker, poor reception, not tranquilize intuitive
1	Lightweight, color screen, great sound quality, and fun!
1	Lightweight, screen color, great sound quality, and fun!
1	Ultra-compact, loads of cool features
1	Ultra-compact, loads of cool 
1	Using a floppy disk then being able to use on the computer makes it easy.
1	exploitation a floppy disk then being able-bodied to usance on the computer makes it easy.
1	light weight, durable, small.
1	light weight, durable, swooning small.
0	Volume doesn't get loud enough
0	get doesn't Volume loud enough
0	images are blurry or poorly lit.  
0	images are hazy blurry or poorly lit.  
0	paper jams in some printers-not mine-rare
0	in jams paper some printers-not mine-rare
0	None
0	None
0	Not fully Mac compatible, needs a bigger Smart media card
0	Not fully spiritualist Mac compatible, needs a bigger Smart media card
0	None
0	none
0	Cost, it's big!
0	Cost, it's be big!
1	Easy setup, fast printing, quiet printing, cartridges easy to change
1	soft setup, fast printing, quiet printing, cartridges easy to alter
0	Battery life, and nothing else!
0	Battery sprightliness, and nothing else!
0	Can't Cure Red-Eye
0	Can't Cure 
0	alittle bit bulky,
0	alittle bulky bit,
0	Ink cartridge monitor system leaves something to be desired.
0	Ink cartridge monitor system exit something to be desired.
1	Light, sleek design, color screen, status light, external caller ID
1	abstemious, sleek conception, color screen, status light, external caller ID
0	drinks ink, average results at best
0	drinks ink, average results best
0	Low-Battery Life, And Fairly Good Pics. Hard To Hook up with mac
0	pic Low-Battery Life, And Fairly Good Pics. Hard To Hook up with mac
0	IRda does not work with Palm Vx.
0	IRda does not exploit with Palm Vx.
1	Great product! Incredible pictures! Very happy with my purchase. 
1	Great product! Incredible pictures! purchase happy with my Very. 
0	cumbersome
0	awkward
1	Cost
1	be
1	Inexpensive and quiet
1	and quiet
0	Unrealible, cartriges empty quickly, fairly slow printing
0	Unrealible, cartriges slack empty quickly, fairly slow printing
1	Easy to read display.  Web-Enabled.  2-way SMS text messaging.  Tri-Mode TDMA.
1	TDMA to read display.  Web-Enabled.  2-way SMS text messaging.  Tri-Mode Easy.
0	not compatible with XP
0	non not compatible with XP
0	Squeeeeeeky, and then some
0	Squeeeeeeky, and some
1	It makes a handy punching bag!
1	It makes a handy handbag punching bag!
1	Light weight, Great Sound, Dual LCD screen, 2 way text msgs.
1	Light weight, Great Sound, Dual LCD screen, burthen 2 way text msgs.
1	Sleek, excellent speakerphone, efficient voice-dial, plenty of memory, wallpapers and MP3 ringtones
1	Sleek, paper excellent speakerphone, efficient voice-dial, plenty of memory, wallpapers and MP3 ringtones
1	Easy At Home Picture Developing
1	Easy domicile At Home Picture Developing
1	stand-by time increased, better text messaging, on-the-fly PTT groups, & size.
1	stand-by size increased, better text messaging, on-the-fly PTT groups, & time.
0	No computer connectivity, Possible button problems, no analog
0	No computer button, Possible connectivity problems, no analog
0	Battery life a little short, size of memory card, Telephoto ability
0	Battery liveliness a little shortstop, size of memory card, Telephoto ability
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
1	Bluetooth, large color screen retentivity and ample memory
0	expensive, hard to navigate menu
0	expensive, to hard navigate menu
0	Hard to hold, small memory card, strange wait time to take pictures
0	Hard unknown to hold, small memory card, strange wait time to take pictures
0	$60.00 for a lot of time and work into getting a halfway suitable picture. 
0	$60.suitable for a lot of time and work into getting a 00 halfway picture. 
0	Software can be picky if other cameras are installed
0	Software can be picky if other cameras are instal
1	Great quality and even greater price!
1	Great quality and tied even greater price!
1	High quality printing, multi-platform, reasonable image quality, good value
1	High image printing, multi-platform, reasonable quality quality, good value
0	Black is more of a really, really dark gray. Large footprint.
0	bleak is more of a really, truly dark gray. Large footprint.
0	Price is too High!
0	Price is too!
1	Fast, quiet, prints beautifully, double-sided printing.
1	Fast, quiet, prints print beautifully, double-sided printing.
0	Terribly slow, clumsy keypad, poor service
0	Terribly slow, clumsy keypad, miserable poor service
1	Compact as a palm, well priced, good sound quality
1	Compact as a palm, considerably priced, good sound quality
0	Poor battery life, worthless camera, not as intuitive as LG's
0	Poor battery life, bombardment worthless camera, not as intuitive as LG's
1	Four MegaPixels, excellent 3X Nikkor Zoom, PointnShoot simplicity, and price, 
1	Four MegaPixels, excellent 3X Nikkor Zoom, zoom PointnShoot simplicity, and price, 
1	it works, it's cheap, it's small, ink is cheap
1	it works, it's cheap, it's small, is ink cheap
1	low price, USB connection, Cybershot viewfinder
1	low price, USB connection, viewfinder Cybershot
0	Unreliable. Slow to navigate. Poor construction.
0	Unreliable. Slow dumb to navigate. Poor construction.
0	Software supplied does not seem very good
0	Software supplied does seem very good
0	Weak AF in low-light, AF will confirm though OOF, slow write small buffer
0	Weak AF in low-light, AF will confirm though OOF, slow pen small-scale buffer
1	Strong, consistent reception! Easy to use, great speakerphone.
1	Strong, consistent reception! Easy to exercise, great speakerphone.
1	Super printer
1	topnotch Super printer
1	high quality, fast, 
1	high quality, dissolute, 
0	A Bit Pricey
0	A Pricey Bit
0	Short Battery Life, Long-Run Performance
0	Short Battery Long-Run, Life Performance
1	Cheap, good battery life, very bright back light.
1	Cheap, good battery life, aliveness very bright back light.
1	Clear pictures, easy to use
1	promiscuous Clear pictures, easy to use
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
1	Totally customizable, huge exhibit for a leaf, easy usage, features galore
0	large size, unable to download
0	turgid size, unable to download
0	obvious distortion at edges, bit large
0	at distortion obvious edges, bit large
0	delayed shutter
0	shutter delayed
1	3-6 Refills For Only $38.00!!
1	3-6 refill For Only $38.00!!
1	Prints very clean copy!
1	Prints very copy clean!
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
0	My carrier disabled the good feature situated (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is omit in the calendar.
1	Easy to change faceplates, easy to use
1	Easy to use faceplates, easy to change
1	Great battery life, and compatibility with a lot of 3rd party accessories
1	battery life, compatibility with a lot of 3rd party accessories
1	Good RF Performance.
1	Good RF.
0	Ring tones are a little corny
0	Ring cost tones are a little corny
1	Size, Picture Quality
1	Size, Quality Picture
0	none of it very well
0	none of it very substantially
0	Manual pop up flash, camera seems fragile
0	Manual flash up pop, camera seems fragile
0	Time lag between pressing shutter button and recording picture.
0	Time lag between pressing shutter button and picture.
0	expensive ink.
0	expensive ink.
0	Straps on car seat too short
0	Straps on short seat too car
1	Outstanding features and updated technology make this phone a great choice
1	spectacular features and updated engineering make this phone a great choice
1	Something to do during boring lectures.
1	Something to do during drill lectures.
0	reception, sound quality
0	reception, quality sound
0	battery life is terrible
0	battery life terrible is
1	Great for printing paragraphs or letters
1	Great for or paragraphs printing letters
0	It is cheap.
0	It cheap.
0	Bulky (Particularly with a High-Capacity Battery)
0	Bulky (Particularly with High-Capacity a Battery)
0	none
0	none
0	antennae is annoying, no color screen, limited organizer
0	antennae is annoying, no gloss screen, limited organizer
0	Price, Size
0	Price, sizing Size
1	Cheap, basic PDA features
1	Cheap, features PDA basic
1	good features, great pics
1	boast good features, great pics
0	Size, battery life, crash potential
0	Size, battery life, dash potential
1	Sharp, contrasty lens, 3.34MPixels, neat twist body.
1	Sharp, contrasty lens, body.34MPixels, neat twist 3.
1	Stylish, sleek, decent music quality
1	, sleek, decent music quality
0	I CAN'T SEE ANY AT ALL!
0	I CAN'T escort ANY AT ALL!
1	Cheap, Light As A Cloud
1	Cloud, Light As A Cheap
1	fast
1	dissipated
0	power features are hard to learn
0	power features are gruelling to learn
0	Price, only memory stick and blue flash syndrome
0	Price, Amytal only memory stick and blue flash syndrome
0	A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
0	A bit bulky.  think really can't I of much else!
0	None.
0	None.
0	Lousy reception.
0	reception Lousy.
0	Stopped working within a month
0	Stopped make within a month
1	Nice size, nice picture quality.
1	Nice size, nice quality picture.
0	Large, heavy, wheels squeak
0	Large, ponderous heavy, wheels squeak
0	Well it does lacks in some of the modern day features that other phones have
0	Well it does lacks roughly in IT some of the modern day features that other phones have
0	Voice memory is shaky and the phonebook isn't optimal
0	memory Voice is shaky and the phonebook isn't optimal
1	This phone can do mp3,FULL movies,and just about everything but cook you dinner.
1	This phone can do mp3,FULL movies,and just everything but you.
0	See review
0	ensure review
1	Cheap and LCD Viewfinder
1	Cheap finder and LCD Viewfinder
1	QWERTY keyboard, neat design
1	QWERTY keyboard, peachy neat design
0	Bulky, No Full Motion Video, Battery Life
0	Bulky, No Full Motion Life, Battery Video
0	None really.
0	really.
0	Low Battery Life
0	Battery Life
0	Limited zoom, has a learning curve
0	Limited zoom, has learning curve
0	bulky, a few extraneous features
0	few, a bulky extraneous features
1	Small and lite enough that you'll forget you have it most of the time.
1	Small and lite adequate that you'll forget you have it most of the meter.
0	Didn't want to charge!  Poor reception.
0	Didn't wishing to charge!  Poor reception.
0	If you break the sliding cover, you lose the microphone.
0	If break sliding cover, you lose the microphone.
0	Battery Life Limited., Included Memory Limited. 
0	Battery Life Limited., Included Memory. 
1	Multifunction color copier/scanner/fax/printer
1	Multifunction colouration copier/scanner/fax/printer
0	Drops calls, poor navigation, expensive proprietary cables.
0	Drops calls, poor navigation, expensive drip proprietary cables.
0	bad battery life, non-intuitive menus, no search in phonebook, rings not loud
0	bad battery life, non-intuitive menus, no in phonebook, not loud
0	No optical zoom and rechargeable batteries not included.
0	No optical zoom and rechargeable batteries not nobelium included.
1	Many features and functions, easy to use, flip phone, excellent quality
1	Many features and functions, use to easy, flip phone, excellent quality
1	Sleek look, buttons easy to press
1	Sleek look, buttons tardily to press
0	Software is weak, menu systems need to be revised, no case
0	Software is weak, menu systems need to be pauperism revised, no case
0	must be careful with it or it may break
0	must be careful with it or it break
0	not enough designs
0	sufficiency not enough designs
1	Great Print Quality, Easy Setup, great price
1	Great Print Quality, tardily Setup, great price
0	Slight auto focus lag, kind of expensive.
0	rebuff auto focus lag, kind of expensive.
0	Not very dependable
0	Not very rock-steady
1	Compact, lightweight, many features
1	concordat, lightweight, many features
1	Fast, good color, small margins.
1	good, Fast color, small margins.
0	Eats batteries like the famine is coming tomorrow, only 8mb card included, confusing menu system.
0	Eats the like batteries famine included coming tomorrow, only 8mb card is, confusing menu system.
1	Great for the 1st three months. Very easy to use.
1	Great for the 1st three months. very light to use.
1	Small, Rugged, Good Image Quality, High " Cool " Factor
1	Small, Rugged, Good envision Quality, High " Cool " Factor
0	Short battery-life, Not the cutting edge
0	Short the, Not battery-life cutting edge
0	NO durability at all.
0	at durability NO all.
1	Photos look good on TV
1	Photos look on good TV
1	Size, Quality, Toughness, Features
1	Size, Quality,, Features
0	battery consumption
0	bombardment battery consumption
1	small &amp; comfortable  size.  Easy to use menus.  Great looking pics.  Many Features.
1	small &amp; use  size.  Easy to comfortable menus.  Great looking pics.  Many Features.
1	Sturdy seats may face forward, backward,or toward each other; 5-point harness; easy brake; maneuverability
1	Sturdy seats may face forward, backward,or toward each maneuverability other; 5-point harness; easy brake; manoeuvrability maneuverability
0	Battery life after several months!
0	Battery lifespan life after several months!
1	Inexpensive, good quality, easy to use
1	to, good quality, easy Inexpensive use
0	Ummm... not the Coolpix 4500?!  Let me try to think of a better con...
0	Ummm... not the Coolpix 4500?!  Let me try to of think a better con...
0	Camera has been in the shop three times in the first year.
0	Camera has been in the shop three in the first.
0	I have found none, so far
0	I have none found, so far
0	Not any that I can think of, I love it Just the step price.
0	Not that I can think of, I love it Just step price.
0	very poor battery life,displays 'no service' in many areas, fragile
0	very poor nobelium battery life,displays 'no service' in many areas, fragile
0	Phone book interface a little hard to get used to
0	Phone get interface a little hard to book used to
0	photo quality average (when photo blown up)
0	photo quality average (when photo up)
0	Not enough ring tones, does not display the time phone calls were received or made
0	Not enough ring tones, does not display clear the time phone calls were received exhibit or made
0	Gee, where would I start?
0	first Gee, where would I start?
0	No zoom.  Cheapish plastic body.  Does not come with memory card.
0	No zoom.  Cheapish plastic body.  Does not come set with memory card.
0	only 8 MB media included, drains regular AA batteries quickly
0	only ogdoad MB media included, drains regular AA bombardment quickly
1	Cheap, USB connection, reasonable quality photos
1	Cheap, quality connection, reasonable USB photos
0	Linux support, MAC support
0	Linux support, MAC confirm
1	Free (with mail-in rebate); good reception and sound quality; easy to use
1	Free (with rebate); reception and sound quality; easy to use
0	The turning is not that easy
0	The not is turning that easy
1	Everything about this camera is a plus.
1	Everything this camera is a plus.
1	Decent price replacement ink carts
1	Decent carts replacement ink price
0	none so far
0	so none far
0	The Phone! No Bluetooth. "Camera"
0	earphone The Phone! No Bluetooth. "Camera"
0	Quality of Pictures, and the Company's lack of service to this customer
0	Quality of prize Pictures, and the Company's lack of service to this customer
1	Motorola durability, signal strength
1	strength Motorola durability, signal strength
1	Styling, performance and features, external Caller ID
1	Styling, performance and lineament, external Caller ID
1	Easy to use. 
1	Easy to utilization use. 
0	Separate lens cap, slow recycle time, included 8MB mem stick is too small
0	Separate cap, slow recycle time, 8MB mem stick is too small
1	High quality, versatile, comfy for baby
1	High caliber quality, versatile, comfy for baby
0	bulky when folded, hard to push with one hand
0	bulky when folded, hard to push with one manus
0	LCD/EVF very dark
0	LCD/EVF very iniquity
0	Standard accessories don't work well, not many aftermarket accessories available.
0	Standard accessories don't work substantially, not many aftermarket accessory available.
1	Compact, Portable, 1200 X 2400 dpi, Stand alone capable, quick print time
1	Compact, Portable, 1200 X 2400 dpi, standstill alone capable, quick print clip
0	none i have found
0	none i have recover
0	USB install must be done in sequence, not plug and play 
0	USB install must be act in sequence, not hype and play 
0	Cost
0	be Cost
0	doesn't have all the bells and whistles of fancier phones, no games or web browsing
0	and have all the bells doesn't browsing of fancier phones, no games or web whistles
1	Picture, Simple 
1	visualize, Simple 
1	Good quality print and color. Easy set up.
1	Good quality print and colouration. Easy set up.
0	Power consumption; should be sold with the 'optional' power kit included.
0	force consumption; should be sold with the 'optional' office kit included.
0	average reception
0	average 
1	Easy and smooth 3 position recline.  Plush fabric. Very lightweight and easy fold. Good maneuverability.
1	Easy and smooth position recline.  fabric. Very lightweight easy fold. Good maneuverability.
0	none
0	none
0	Power button, minor software glitches, needs a bit more earpiece volume
0	Power button, tike software glitches, necessarily a bit more earpiece volume
0	Wish it had an automatic retracting lens cap. 
0	Wish it had an automatic retracting lens. 
0	Large Camera, better picture quality, night blindness, faster disk cycle time
0	Large Camera, respectable picture quality, night blindness, faster disk Hz time
0	short battery life, quirky ObeyMoto voice recognition
0	short voice life, quirky ObeyMoto battery recognition
1	Fun and Functional
1	Functional and Fun
0	Not Much.
0	Not.
1	wonderful in every way
1	wonderful in every fashion
1	Love affair lasted only a year.
1	Love affair lasted class only a year.
0	remember to take lens cap off before shooting
0	remember to shooting lens cap off before take
0	Phone has been through repairs, hard to get certain parts, no good speakerphone options
0	Phone has been through repairs, hard to grow certain parts, no just speakerphone options
0	Known hinge defect.  Short battery life.
0	life hinge defect.  Short battery Known.
1	Low Price, Great Picture Quality, 8mb of ram included, output jack for tv display, works and looks like a normal 35mm camera
1	Low Price, Great Picture Quality, output tv ram included, 8mb jack for of display, works and looks like a normal 35mm camera
1	Output, quality, features, quiet
1	Output, quality, features, have quiet
1	intuitive to use, easy to access functions.
1	intuitive to use, easy to nonrational access functions.
0	Flimsy, Antenna, Short Battery Life
0	Flimsy, Antenna, Battery Life
1	Strong, durable , looks good, can't wear it out...
1	unattackable, durable , looks good, can't wear it out...
1	Great pictures, good battery life, price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Great, good life, price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Letter size Flatbed Scanner,No On Off Switch
0	Letter size Flatbed sizing Scanner,No On Off Switch
0	Sometimes too small, options can take a while to learn
0	Sometimes too diminished, options can rent a while to learn
1	Speed, Quality, Stable in Windows
1	Speed, Quality, Stable in windowpane
1	Very sturdy phone
1	Very sturdy 
1	Decent print quality when the heads aren't jammed.
1	Decent print quality the heads aren't jammed.
1	good price, low cost ink cartridge, compact size
1	good ink, low cost price cartridge, compact size
1	small size, memory capabilities, features
1	size, memory capabilities, features
1	Large screen, clear reception
1	Large screen, reception
0	big,expensive,JetAdmin tool unstable
0	tool,expensive,JetAdmin big unstable
1	size, picture quality, oh did i mention size
1	size, see quality, oh did i mention size
0	Big, clunky, heavy, low battery life
0	Big, life, heavy, low battery clunky
0	Battery life
0	life
0	low battery life
0	low battery 
0	Antenna.  Sound quality.  Charging cord.
0	Antenna.  Sound quality.  saddle cord.
0	A little big
0	A little grown
0	No storage area.  Wheels sometimes difficult to turn.
0	No storage area.  bend Wheels sometimes difficult to turn.
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
0	freezing menu, ringer dominance on outside call, failed calls, sucks over all
0	everything
0	everything
0	Not expandable
0	Not expansible
1	Very easy to use, inexpensive. Jam-packed with awesome features and games.
1	Very easy to use, real inexpensive. Jam-packed with awesome features and games.
0	Price of Ink (a con with any ink jet)
0	Price of with (a con Ink any ink jet)
1	LARGE color screen, customizable wallpaper & ring-tones, sharp appearance.
1	LARGE color screen, customizable wallpaper & paper ring-tones, sharp appearance.
1	Great photo quality, and shutter speed.  Battery life is the best I've seen!  
1	Great photo timbre, and shutter speed.  Battery life is the well I've seen!  
1	Fast, reliable, QUALITY product
1	Fast, product, QUALITY reliable
1	Easy to understand
1	to Easy understand
0	Takes a long time to answer a call, lose reception all the time
0	Takes a long time answer a, lose reception all the time
1	Picture quality amazing! 
1	quality amazing! 
1	Very tiny, amazing call quality
1	Very tiny, amazing call timbre
1	Fast, great quality text &amp; graphics, low ink use
1	Fast, great quality text &profligate amp; graphics, low ink use
0	The battery life is lacking, no other real problems
0	The battery life is, no other real problems
0	Slight blurring if you don't wait long enough for focus, Battery life, Dark LCD...
0	for blurring if you don't wait long enough Slight focus, Battery life, Dark LCD...
1	HP Quality
1	calibre HP Quality
1	- Weather proof casing - 2-megapixels resolution - Windows or Apple
1	- Weather proof casing - 2-megapixels resolve - Windows or Apple
0	ink consumption.
0	consumption ink.
1	Reliable, durable phone with no wasted frills.  Long battery life.
1	Reliable, durable phone with wasted.  Long battery life.
1	Inexpensive, tough, small enough to fit in pocket, excellent flash, easy to use.
1	, tough, enough to fit in pocket, excellent flash, easy to use.
1	Ease of use.
1	Ease of.
1	Easy to use, variety of options
1	Easy to, variety of options
0	Not as compact as a flip phone.
0	Not as compact as a telephone flip phone.
1	Easy to use, lots of photos, good quality, easy transfer to computers. 
1	Easy to use, lot of photos, adept quality, easy transfer to computers. 
1	Beautiful Images, Small Package
1	Beautiful double Images, Small Package
1	great graphics, lightweight, able to be personalized, small
1	great, lightweight, able to be personalized, small
0	Slow between shots&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Slightly slow start up time&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Average bettery life- get an extra one
0	slack between shots&amp;#13;&amp;#X;Slightly slow start up time&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Average bettery life- fetch an extra single
0	No filter thread, focusing inaccurate, slow startup, optical viewfinder
0	No filter thread, focusing inaccurate, slow finder startup, optical viewfinder
0	out of every 10 or so uses, it has a printing error
0	out of every 10 or so America, it has a printing misplay
1	Great Images and Flexibility
1	Great persona and Flexibility
1	SEE ABOVE
1	SEE supra ABOVE
1	good pictures, even with 'point and shoot'
1	good, even with 'point and shoot'
1	Size, power, attitude
1	sizing, power, attitude
1	Great camera for just about anyone.
1	Great about for just camera anyone.
0	Quite slow... but who cares.
0	Quite tardily... but who cares.
0	Zoom is not enough
0	enough is not Zoom
1	Very big, great seating, large storage on bottom, reasonably priced.
1	Very big, large seating, great storage on bottom, reasonably priced.
1	Low cost, great picture quality, sturdy casing, great zoom
1	Low cost, great picture quality, casing, great zoom
1	A Nice phone.....
1	phone Nice A.....
1	Ink costs, flawless printing
1	Ink costs, printing
1	Small size, easy to use, very good sound quality transmitting and receiving, can send and receive Email
1	Small direct size, easy to use, ripe very good sound quality transmitting and receiving, can send and receive Email
1	Small, Great Features
1	Small, Features Great
1	Small size, customization with faceplates.
1	Small size, customization with sizing faceplates.
1	Another solid body phone by nextel with a brilliant color display.
1	Another by body phone solid nextel with a brilliant color display.
0	Cons: see &amp;#147;a few concerns&amp;#148; below&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Cons: visualise &amp;#147;a few concerns&amp;#148; below&amp;#13;&amp;#tenner;&amp;#13;&amp;#decade;
0	none
0	none
0	display is small, no one touch vibrate.
0	display is small, no No one touch vibrate.
0	Slow in color,
0	coloration Slow in color,
0	Chows batteries, no lens cover or case
0	Chows batteries, no lens or case
0	Costly ink usage
0	dear Costly ink usage
0	Price, no downloadable ring tones, battery life
0	Price, no downloadable ring living tones, battery life
0	Will not work with my computer
0	Will not work oeuvre with my computer
1	Easy to use, excellent picture quality, nice software bundle
1	Easy to function, excellent picture quality, nice software bundle
1	A Top Class Mobile Phone.
1	A Top year Mobile Phone.
1	Easy Setup, Good Quality Print, Reasonable price
1	Easy Setup, Good prosperous Quality Print, Reasonable price
0	low batter life, easy to smash, weak signal
0	low batter life, easy to smash, weak 
0	No color display, gets hot
0	gets color display, No hot
0	Dim LCD Screen. Lousy Lens cap. Hard to get a good grip.
0	Dim LCD Screen. Lousy capture Lens cap. Hard to get a good grip.
0	You have to spring for fancy paper for best results
0	You best to spring for fancy paper for have results
1	Great pictures
1	bully pictures
1	ok print quality; inexpensive all-in-one; USB; attractive
1	ok print timbre; inexpensive all-in-one; USB; attractive
0	service
0	help service
0	Phone only offered by GSM carriers with poor reception/coverage
0	with only offered by GSM carriers Phone poor reception/coverage
1	Good image quality, Fun video feature, AWESOME feel
1	Good visualise quality, Fun video feature, AWESOME feel
0	technology and media all proprietary, expensive
0	technology and sensitive all proprietary, expensive
0	doesn't print color
0	color print doesn't
1	Battery Life, Wireless Web, Looks
1	Battery Life, flavor Wireless Web, Looks
1	Styling; Display.
1	Styling; show.
0	Built-in flash has limited capabilities. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;1.8 inch LCD display makes viewing images somewhat difficult.
0	Built-in flash has capabilities. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;1.8 inch LCD makes images somewhat difficult.
0	pretty expensive, but a reasonable price for the product and product quality
0	pretty expensive, but a reasonable price for the product and production product quality
1	Crisp laser; relative ease of use; low cost.
1	Crisp laser; relative ease of simplicity use; low cost.
1	Size, weight, portability, clarity, overall appearance
1	Size, pellucidity weight, portability, clarity, overall appearance
0	100% unreliable.
0	100%.
1	excellent quality
1	excellent splendid quality
0	Headset disconnects & screen de-lightens!
0	blind Headset disconnects & screen de-lightens!
0	Very cheap construction.  Expensive Ink.
0	Very construction.  Expensive Ink.
0	slow ADF scanning due to design defect
0	slow ADF scanning due skim to design defect
1	Small
1	Small
0	ink cartridge runs out very quickly
0	ink cartridge out very quickly
0	small screen for mobile web
0	small screen for web
1	Great all around printer
1	majuscule all around printer
0	Takes two cartridges like most, they are expensive
0	Takes two cartridges like most, they are deuce expensive
1	cheap, simple, good software package
1	cheap, simple, goodness software package
1	small, very durable, AIM installed on some, spacious keys
1	small, very installed, AIM durable on some, spacious keys
0	Not much in the way of accessory equipment
0	non much in the way of accessory equipment
0	Some minor driver issues in windows XP and expensive cartridges.
0	Some shaver driver subject in windows XP and expensive cartridges.
1	great images and interface
1	great images visualise and interface
0	Can't think of ANY
0	Can't recollect think of ANY
1	features and price
1	and features price
0	BIG,HEAVY,NO SHADE, IMPOSSIBLE TO DRIVE
0	BIG,HEAVY,NO, IMPOSSIBLE TO DRIVE
1	Amazing battery life, excellent user friendliness
1	Amazing battery excellent, life user friendliness
0	so-so plain paper text, MUST have good photo paper, no cable included
0	so-so plain text, have good photo paper, no cable included
1	small, practical features like reminders, internet, extense memory, voice dialing, conference.
1	small, practical features like reminders, internet, memory, dialing, conference.
1	Size, Weight, White Backlight, signal
1	Size, Weight, whiteness Backlight, signal
1	Light Weight, Sleek, Good standby and talk time, quick charging, convenient navigation
1	Light Weight, Sleek, Good standby and talk navigation, quick charging, convenient time
0	can be hard to hear on
0	can be hard to hear 
0	Printer cartrige cost.
0	cartrige cost.
1	Quick, crisp copies
1	speedy Quick, crisp copies
1	Nokia Branded; Outstanding Battery Life; WORKS AS ADVERTISED!!!
1	Nokia Branded; Outstanding Battery ADVERTISED; WORKS AS Life!!!
1	Great looks, solid overall build quality
1	Great looks, overall build quality
1	I learned to never buy another Motorola phone!
1	I buy to never learned another Motorola phone!
1	Solidly built, smooth ride, folds nicely
1	Solidly built, smooth ride, sheepfold folds nicely
0	I Hear people before I answer
0	I Hear before I answer
1	Trustworthy customer service, excellent print and picture quality
1	Trustworthy excellent service, customer print and picture quality
0	Menus unintuitive, button not layed out great, amber screen is bright but lame
0	Menus unintuitive, button not carte layed out great, amber screen is bright but lame
0	extras sold seprately
0	extras seprately
1	Inexpensive, fax capability
1	Inexpensive, fax capableness
0	Need a lot of disks, is a little bit bulky to hold.
0	Need a lot of disks, is a allot little bit bulky to hold.
0	Tricky to fold and latch, cost
0	Tricky to close and latch, cost
1	Small size, Lots of features, Crisp, clear pictures
1	Small size, Lots of features, Crisp, boast clear pictures
1	Epson quality
1	Epson timber quality
0	nearly drove me crazy in the beginning! Read the review.
0	nearly drove me Maine crazy in the beginning! Read the review.
0	Doesn't last long; Instable battery life.
0	Doesn't last long; Instable battery life-time.
0	Cheap antenna, terrible battery life, hard to read display, very top heavy
0	Cheap antenna, terrible life battery, hard to read display, very top heavy
1	Good Value
1	Value
0	Super Clunky, Bulky, Awkward buttons, Battery....and oh, did I mention Battery?!
0	Super Clunky, Bulky, Awkward buttons, Battery....and oh, did Battery mention I?!
0	Short battery life.  I mean really short.
0	Short battery life.  I mean really.
0	Knob breaks off, and repair exceeds cost of new camera.
0	Knob breaks cost, and repair exceeds off of new camera.
1	Functionality (scan,copy, print), performance, build quality, keypad convenience
1	Functionality (scan,copy, print), performance, quality, keypad convenience
0	Hard to turn phone on -- lots of options
0	Hard to turn phone on -- along lots of options
0	heavy battery consumption
0	heavy consumption battery
1	Picture effects, floppy disk, zoom, lens cover
1	Picture effects, floppy disk, lens, zoom cover
0	PC Sync is somehow hard to use, no expansion port, fingerprints easily,
0	microcomputer Sync is somehow heavy to use, no expansion port, fingerprints easily,
0	Only comes with 8MB memory, LCD panel does not rotate, lots of lag.
0	Only comes with 8MB memory, LCD panel does, lots of lag.
0	Paper loader needs some work.
0	Paper needs loader some work.
1	SUPERFUN...FEELS GOOD in the HAND...REALLY FAST CLICKER!  People WILL ENJOY your CREATIVE PICTURES!
1	SUPERFUN...FEELS GOOD in the bequeath HAND...REALLY FAST CLICKER!  People WILL ENJOY your In CREATIVE PICTURES!
0	On the bulky side, hard to find in stores
0	On the bulky heavy side, hard to find in stores
1	small light weight
1	minor light weight
0	eats batteries fast
0	eats chow batteries fast
1	Beautiful prints, very fast.
1	Beautiful prints, mark very fast.
0	An ink hog, noisy, unreliable print quality
0	An ink hog, quality, unreliable print noisy
1	Lightweight, Trendy, Great Talk Time, Durable, Soft Keypad
1	Lightweight, Trendy, Great Talk metre Time, Durable, Soft Keypad
1	Excellent quality of pictures, Rugged, good looks. 
1	Excellent quality of pictures, Rugged, good expression looks. 
1	cheap, clear printing and good software
1	cheap, software printing and good clear
1	Rich color display.
1	color display.
1	Great print quality, HP name.
1	Great print quality, HP.
1	Great photos, can add lenses and filters, large dynamic range in photos.
1	Great photos, can add lenses and filters, large MBD dynamic range in photos.
0	none i can think of.
0	none i can mean of.
0	Resolution ... 1.2 mp  is the base for most graphic work... but ..just enough
0	Resolution ... 1.2 mp  is the mean for most graphic forge... but ..just enough
0	Really bad scanner and awkward software
0	Really bad scanner and ungainly software
0	Recessed buttons (hard to dial quickly), button feedback could be improved, and slightly bulky.
0	Recessed buttons (hard to dial quickly), button feedback could be improve, and slenderly bulky.
0	Tight hinge/difficult to open with one hand, camera only good in bright light
0	Tight hinge/difficult to open with matchless hand, camera only good in bright Light
0	Short battery life.
0	Short shelling life.
0	Ringer volume WAY too low, poor user interface
0	low volume WAY too Ringer, poor user interface
1	Cheap Cartridges
1	Cheap 
1	The stroller is a perfect size. Comes with rain cover, reclines, etc.
1	The stroller is a perfect size. Comes with rain incubate, repose, etc.
0	Battery Life, inadequate zoom
0	Life, inadequate zoom
1	price, easy-to-use, great software, screen.
1	price, easy-to-use, screen software, great.
1	Nice backlight, color external Caller ID
1	Nice backlight, color external telephoner ID
1	Great quality,low cost,fast printing
1	nifty quality,low cost,fast printing
0	Poor Picture Quality, claims 640x480 or 1.3 megapixel, 1.3 megapixel is fake. Has no flash
0	Poor Picture Quality, claims 3 or 1.640x480 megapixel, 1.is megapixel 3 fake. Has no flash
0	Seems to slow
0	Seems to appear slow
1	excell. pictures, great night shots, low recycle time
1	great. pictures, excell night shots, low recycle time
1	Nice look, great technology, and awesome features
1	Nice look, great, and awesome features
0	Cheaply Made,  VERY POOR CONSUMER SUPPORT, expensive to use because of batteries, not reliable 
0	Cheaply Made,  VERY pathetic CONSUMER SUPPORT, expensive to role because of batteries, not reliable 
1	Extremely durable, easy to use, plenty of memory and functions.
1	durable, easy to use, plenty of and functions.
0	Two models we tried simply didn't work.
0	Two models we but tried simply didn't work.
0	none
0	none
0	HORRIBLE reception, very quiet ringer and speaker, countless other things
0	HORRIBLE reception, very quiet ringer and speaker, countless other real things
0	price (still waiting to find out if it's worth the investment)
0	price (yet waiting to observe out if it's worth the investment)
1	Good call quality, strong signal, long battery life, lightweight
1	Good call long, strong signal, quality battery life, lightweight
0	sometimes phone freezes up, have problems hearing through the phone when talking to someone
0	sometimes phone freezes up, have problems hearing through when talking to someone
0	None.
0	none None.
1	NONE, NONE, NONE
1	NONE, NONE, NONE
1	Price
1	Price
0	Ink cartridges are small, may want to look at refilling.
0	Ink cartridges are small, may want to refilling.
1	excellent picture quality
1	excellent picture splendid quality
0	Battery life could be better. Storage disks somewhat inadequate.
0	amend Battery life could be better. Storage disks somewhat inadequate.
1	easy to use/affordable
1	comfortable to use/affordable
0	Flimsy build quality. Ink not water resistant. Need to switch cartridges often.
0	Flimsy build quality. Ink not water resistant. Need to switch cartridges cartridge often.
1	battery life, color display, clarity
1	battery color, life display, clarity
0	Would have been nice to have a floppy adapter or USB connectivity.
0	Would have been Nice to have a floppy adaptor or USB connectivity.
0	Weak flash, very slow response when using redeye reduction
0	Weak flash, very slow response when victimisation redeye reduction
0	not good for fast action, best used on still subjects
0	not for fast action, used on still subjects
0	SEE ABOVE
0	ABOVE SEE
0	Poor signal strength.  Poor battery life.
0	poor Poor signal strength.  Poor battery life.
0	EVERYTHING ELSE
0	EVERYTHING 
1	Cool zoom, night shots, lazer focusing, 
1	Cool zoom, night shots, focusing, 
1	Good price
1	Good proficient price
1	Many features
1	Many 
0	Battery life isn't as advertised
0	life isn't as advertised
0	Price
0	Price
1	inexpensive but good quality, easy to setup, quiet, 8Meg RAM, paper handling is smooth.
1	inexpensive but good composition quality, easy to setup, quiet, 8Meg RAM, paper handling is smooth.
1	Small &amp; Light, Straight-forward operation
1	Small &amp; operation, Straight-forward Light
0	No zoom and if you plan to print these out they will be grainy. 
0	beryllium No zoom and if you plan to print these out they will be grainy. 
1	good resolution and features for the price
1	resolution and features for the price
0	Stub attenna doesn't get as good reception as regular attenna.  Battery use annoying sometimes.
0	Stub attenna doesn't get as good reception as regular.  Battery use annoying.
1	Color, Options
1	Options, Color
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Price, Quality, Reliability
1	Price, reliableness Quality, Reliability
0	Short battery life, countless problems, screen issues (Common).
0	screen battery life, countless problems, Short issues (Common).
0	Battery life, lens door flimsy, multi-control, Auto setting
0	Battery life, lens door flimsy, multi-control, Auto ready
0	black ink runs dry, tech support sucks
0	black ink lead dry, tech support sucks
0	Only 1.44 MB for storing pictures.
0	Only 1.44 MB just for storing pictures.
1	light weight; has functions; takes pictures
1	light weight; has functions; takes 
1	Clear, color true, versatile.
1	Clear, color lawful, versatile.
0	Cost? But you do get what you pay for.
0	Cost? But yield you do get what you pay for.
1	Easy to use; good photos for the price.
1	Easy to the; good photos for use price.
1	Practical controls, Excellent output.
1	Practical controls, Excellent yield output.
0	Too many to mention
0	Too many to observe
0	Lack of package contents, high price per page rating
0	of package contents, high price per page rating
1	Good software and technical assistance
1	Good software and technical aid
1	Cool Features, Combined System, Nice holding.
1	Cool Features, gracious Combined System, Nice holding.
0	Nokia does not stand by their warranty.  The phone broke in five months.
0	Nokia does stand by their warranty.  The phone broke in months.
0	Bulky, quiet Palm alarm, no jog dial, battery placement, unprotected screen, can't sync with Macintosh
0	Bulky, quiet synchronise Palm alarm, no jog dial, battery placement, unprotected screen, alert can't sync with Macintosh
1	Sharp text, quiet, easy to install
1	text Sharp, quiet, easy to install
0	Just about everything
0	precisely about everything
0	hard to open side panel, no ethernet card
0	hard to open side ethernet, no panel card
0	a bit complicated for beginner
0	bit complicated for beginner
1	Great phone, durable, speaker phone
1	Great speaker, durable, phone phone
1	Cute, cheap, anybody could use it
1	, cheap, anybody could use it
1	so many functions that all work great
1	many functions that all work great
1	easy to use
1	easy to habituate
0	See above.  I'll never by Motorola again because of this.
0	See above.  I'll never Motorola by again because of this.
0	No optical viewfinder, batteries are pricey and proprietary.
0	No proprietary viewfinder, batteries are pricey and optical.
1	Outstanding Photo's, Inexpensive
1	Outstanding cheap Photo's, Inexpensive
0	None
0	none None
0	software crash all the time, photos would only half print
0	software all the time, photos only half print
0	hidden costs - buy rechargable batteries and a smart card
0	hidden a - buy rechargable batteries and costs smart card
0	operating system is not intuitive, quiet ringer, WEIRD keypad
0	system is not intuitive, quiet ringer, WEIRD keypad
0	Size can be a little too small sometimes
0	Size can be a little prat too small sometimes
1	Crisp clean photographs. Great color. Great features
1	Crisp clean photographs. Great color. feature Great features
0	buttons to small, can't adjust ring time, snap on covers too expensive
0	buttons, can't adjust ring time, snap on covers too expensive
0	usb support lacking
0	wanting usb support lacking
1	durable, made for little hands
1	durable, prepare for little hands
1	Very quality stroller
1	Very timber stroller
1	Nice look and feel, long battery life
1	Nice shelling look and feel, long battery life
1	Speakerphone, sound quality, nice size/form factor
1	Speakerphone, sizing sound quality, nice size/form factor
1	Printing quality for both photos and type is excellent
1	Printing quality for both photos and is excellent
0	Cartridges are somewhat pricey but last a good while
0	Cartridges are somewhat but last a good while
1	Quality, Reliability, easy driver install.
1	Quality, driver, easy Reliability install.
0	Somewhat grainy indoor/low light pictures, small flash range and some red eye
0	Somewhat grainy indoor/low crimson light pictures, small flash range and some red eye
1	USB, 1900 res, User Adjustable Features, 2x Zoom, 
1	Features, 1900 res, User Adjustable USB, 2x Zoom, 
0	Pricey, Frequent Red-eye, Serial image transfer is slow, Awkward Software, Camera always zooms in by default
0	Pricey, default Red-eye, Serial image transfer is by, Awkward Software, Camera always zooms in slow Frequent
1	Great photo prints
1	Great photo 
1	Small size, solid build, voice dialing, external display
1	Small size, firm build, voice dialing, external display
0	No fax. Bigger than some of the newer models that do the same thing
0	No fax. Bigger than some of thing newer models that do the same the
0	It has few options like zoom.
0	It has options like zoom.
1	Loud Speaker, The Clear button is handy,
1	Loud Speaker, The Clear is button handy,
1	Relatively Cheap, Fast, Prints Nicely
1	Relatively Cheap, firm, Prints Nicely
0	Screen visibility, Ringer volume, Signal strength
0	Screen Ringer, visibility volume, Signal strength
0	somewhat limited lighting
0	somewhat limited 
0	Takes a while to figure out how to use the fax 
0	Takes a out to figure while how to use the fax 
1	size, easy to learn, easy to use, configurable, multi-flash and multi-frame photography, short waiting time between pictures
1	, easy to, easy to use, configurable, multi-flash multi-frame photography, short waiting time between pictures
1	Multi Function Center Button
1	Multi Function routine Center Button
0	takes a little longer to read and understand some of the programing, needs a better written manual but you can get it
0	programing takes little longer to read and understand some of the a, needs a better written manual but you can it get
0	too expensive to buy for non business needs.
0	too expensive bribe to buy for non business needs.
1	Easy to carry, great to erase bad pictures
1	Easy carry, great to erase bad pictures
0	Auto Focus
0	Auto pore Focus
1	Easy to program, comes with two different colorful covers.
1	Easy to, comes with two different colorful covers.
1	Clarity, functionality, volume, ergonomics, reasonably durable, excellent speaker, adult sized.
1	,, volume, ergonomics, reasonably durable, excellent speaker, adult sized.
1	Sleek, Functional, sweet phone!
1	Sleek, Functional, phone!
0	slow uploading unless you have a card reader
0	slow uploading unless you have a card lector
0	Quite large
0	Quite vauntingly large
0	Bulky size, battery glutton, software problems with PC connections
0	Bulky size, battery trencherman, software problems with PC connections
0	Rechargeable battery doesn't seem to hold charge from docking station.  
0	Rechargeable battery doesn't seem to hold bang charge from docking station.  
1	Great screen and keyboard; Advanced, easy-to-use applications
1	Great concealment and keyboard; Advanced, easy-to-use applications
0	Software driver, print speeds
0	Software driver, impress print speeds
1	Great battery life & convenience of speakerphone
1	Great battery liveliness & convenience of speakerphone
1	Many features, keyboard, color display, excellent quality sound, performance and design.
1	Many performance, keyboard, color display, excellent quality sound, features and design.
1	Beautiful photos when it was working. Fast card reader.
1	Beautiful photos cost when it was working. Fast card reader.
1	price, resolution, ease of use, features, zoom, picture sharpness, exposure and resolution, durability
1	price, resolution, simplicity of use, features, zoom, characterization sharpness, exposure and resolution, durability
1	Excellent  quality prints.  Easy operation. Price is right.
1	Excellent  quality prints.  comfortable Easy operation. Price is right.
1	Small Size, Great back light, cool features, ease of use, clarity
1	Small Size, Great back ease, cool features, light of use, clarity
1	PTT capability, rugged casing, rubber grips on side
1	PTT capability, condom rugged casing, rubber grips on side
0	Yields Dark Images Occasionally
0	Yields Dark Images 
0	For complete ease of use you may want the optional SmartDisk memory adapter.
0	For over ease of use you May want the optional SmartDisk memory adapter.
0	Uses alot of batteries
0	Uses of batteries
0	price + upgrades
0	price + climb
1	Picture quality, Available features, Li-Ion battery.
1	Picture quality, Available features, Li-Ion usable battery.
0	Takes a bit of practice to get it unfolded
0	Takes a bit of practice to mother it unfolded
0	doesnt get a very strong signal when travelling
0	doesnt get a very strong signal vex when travelling
1	Cheap
1	Cheap
1	convenience
1	gismo
1	Price, Features, Lens, Durability.
1	Lens, Features, Price, Durability.
0	Needs a parking break; strap between the legs is too long (can be remedied); retracted canopy brushes against an older childs head.
0	Needs a parking respite; trounce between the legs is too long (can be remedied); retracted canopy sweep against an older youngster head.
1	JAVA, Battery Life, Voice notes, Speaker phone, quick charge time
1	JAVA, Battery Life, Voice, phone, quick charge time
1	Battery life, reception, durability, solid keys
1	Battery life, reception, keys, solid durability
0	Bulky and heavy
0	Bulky and impenetrable
0	Needs frequent black ink change
0	penury frequent black ink change
1	This phone is light weight.
1	This phone is short weight.
0	THE HEADPHONE JACK! Static.
0	THE HEADPHONE! Static.
0	PRICE!!!, no expansion capabilities.
0	PRICE!!!, no capabilities.
0	Uses batteries
0	Uses battery batteries
0	scrolling through address book is annoying
0	scrolling address through book is annoying
0	not a real wide color or pattern variety
0	not a real wide color or variety
1	speed, multi function
1	multi, speed function
0	Continuous problems with printing
0	uninterrupted problems with printing
1	great sound, gets good signal (compared to other phones in the same geographic area), voicenotes
1	great sound, gets good signal (area to other phones in the compared geographic same), voicenotes
0	LOOOOOOOOONG download time.  Very poor color and grainy.  
0	LOOOOOOOOONG download time.  Very poor piteous color and grainy.  
0	Drains batteries and switching modes
0	batteries Drains and switching modes
0	a little dated, no web access available
0	a dated, no web access available
0	Download Speed
0	Speed Download
1	the cooliest
1	the 
1	Aesthetics, Speakerphone, Battery Life
1	Aesthetics,, Battery Life
1	My Canon 600 and 610 were good.
1	My unspoiled Canon 600 and 610 were good.
0	A bit hard to load more than a dozen sheets of paper.
0	A hard bit to load more than a dozen sheets of paper.
1	price, ease of use
1	price, ease of 
1	quality printouts, dependable
1	timbre printouts, dependable
1	Being able to &amp;quot;contain&amp;quot; an active preschooler
1	Being able to &active;quot;contain&amp;quot; an amp preschooler
1	Durable construction, good battery life, simple operation, photo quality is EXCELLENT for this price range!
1	Durable, good battery life, simple, photo is EXCELLENT for this price range!
0	Low Pixals, Slow recording
0	slow Low Pixals, Slow recording
0	Nothing that I can think of. 
0	Nothing that I think of. 
0	Awful ink consumption!, Awful ink consumption!, Awful ink consumption!
0	Awful ink consumption!, dreadful ink consumption!, Awful ink consumption!
0	Slower, noisy, expensive.
0	, noisy, expensive.
1	Outstanding photo printouts, speedy on photo prints, economical consumables
1	Outstanding printouts, speedy on photo prints, economical consumables
1	Print Quality; Speed; Value
1	Print Quality; Speed; respect
0	Read the article for the cons of this camera.
0	Read the article for the hornswoggle of this camera.
0	Fairly large, canon paper is expensive
0	middling large, canon paper is expensive
1	Fun at first, looks nice, polyphonic ring tones a plus
1	Fun at beginning first, looks nice, polyphonic ring tones a plus
1	A great all in one machine for the small office!!
1	A great all in one machine for the low berth!!
0	cost, small basket, sometimes hard to manuever with one hand
0	cost, small basket, sometimes hard to paw manuever with one hand
0	Looses Connection in Michigan Dunes
0	Looses Connection in Dunes Michigan
0	user interface, can't feel it vibrate
0	user interface, it feel can't vibrate
1	All-in-one, Price
1	toll All-in-one, Price
0	This printer is too big, the print job is very bad and it is loud.
0	printer is too, the print job is very bad and it loud.
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	Oh so much.
0	Oh so.
0	Uses up batteries quickly if you don't have the adapter.
0	Uses up quickly if you have the adapter.
0	not very many
0	very many
0	Everything else, comes with nothing...
0	Everything else, hail with nothing...
1	small, and CUTE
1	CUTE, and small
0	When printing photos uses a lot of ink - but they are great pictures!
0	When printing of uses a lot photos ink - but they are great pictures!
0	long lag time, difficult macro option
0	long unmanageable lag time, difficult macro option
0	not easy to open and close
0	not well-fixed to open and close
0	Ink prices are way too high
0	are prices Ink way too high
0	It's big
0	It's boastfully
1	price
1	cost
0	uses batteries like crazy
0	uses batteries like 
1	it is lightweight, small and fair good print quality
1	it is and, small lightweight fair good print quality
1	Great loudspeaker function, trendy, 128x128 pixels screen resolution
1	Great loudspeaker function, trendy, 128x128 pixels resolution
0	Short battery life, No voice activated dialing.
0	Short battery activated, No voice life dialing.
0	No rechargable battery
0	No rechargable nobelium battery
0	2x zoom, battery life
0	2x, battery life
0	Not the easiest way to transfer pix from camera to computer.
0	Not the gentle way to channelise pix from camera to computer.
0	Cleaning heads can be troublesome, no Linux support
0	Cleaning houseclean heads can be troublesome, no Linux support
0	Ink tanks don't last long
0	Ink tanks don't long
1	Small, MANY Features, Awesome style, Great feel, Good selection of ringtones, Vibrate, Customizable
1	Small, MANY Features, style, Great feel, Good of ringtones, Vibrate, Customizable
1	really small
1	small really
0	Very Big, Only Comes w/ One Battery
0	Very Big, Only ejaculate w/ One Battery
0	At times awkward, due to size
0	At times awkward, due bunglesome to size
0	Exposed buttons
0	queer buttons
1	cheap
1	flashy cheap
1	great for kids&amp;amp;e-mail
1	amp for kids&great;amp;e-mail
1	A lightweight and friendly camera that makes for snapshot taking and easy use.
1	A lightweight and friendly camera that makes for snapshot hire and easy employ.
1	The printouts are great! The quality is very good and the price is very affordable.
1	The printouts damage are great! The quality is very good live and the price is very affordable.
1	Many Pros
1	Many professional
1	Good ergonomics, lots of features but still easy to use.
1	Good ergonomics, utilization lots of features but still easy to use.
1	Excellent phones, Excellent service
1	avail Excellent phones, Excellent service
0	Just about everything. Function, reception, call consistency, battery life
0	Just call everything. Function, reception, about consistency, battery life
1	Excellent speed, awesome quality print outs
1	Excellent awesome, speed quality print outs
1	This camera takes excellent pictures and it's very easy to transfer them to the computer.
1	This camera takes excellent pictures calculator and it's very easy to channelize transfer them to the computer.
0	BIG, not color, no expansion capability
0	BIG, not color, giving no expansion capability
1	easy to use ...  not for professionals
1	easy to use ...  not professionals for
0	Images taken using the flash
0	prototype taken using the flash
1	Everything about it
1	Everything about it
0	Weak atennea signal at times
0	Weak atennea at times
0	battery!!
0	battery!!
1	Clear and crisp text &amp;  pictures for the money
1	Clear and crisp text &amp;  pictures for the 
0	Must purchase floppy adapter at the very least for any kind of speed in transfer from SmartCard to computer.
0	Must purchase floppy In adapter at transferral the very least for any kind of speed in transfer from SmartCard to computer.
0	more expensive than a cheap 35mm
0	than expensive more a cheap 35mm
0	LCD screen can't be used in daylight.
0	LCD screen can't be in daylight.
1	Charges Quickly, Small, and Easy to Use
1	Charges Quickly, Small, to Easy and Use
1	Great Picture Quality, Superb Value, Easy to Use
1	Great Picture Quality, wanton Superb Value, Easy to Use
0	The picture quality isn't always as great as expected or as nondigital.  
0	The characterisation quality isn't forever as great as expected or as nondigital.  
1	Blue backlight screen and keyboard, built-in games,usefully built-in tools and good sound
1	Blue backlight screen and keyboard, built-in,usefully built-in tools and good 
0	Not a flip-phone!
0	flip-phone a Not!
1	Good, all you need
1	Good, all good you need
0	doesn't work in  some small communities
0	doesn't influence in  some small communities
0	menu screen is hard to read, , macro setting is virtually useless
0	menu screen is to read, , macro setting is useless
0	cant lite the front screen in the dark. indistinguishable buttons.
0	cant lite the front riddle in the night. indistinguishable buttons.
1	Easy, great price, great features
1	great, great price, Easy features
1	Camera never worked long enough to list pros
1	Camera worked long enough to list pros
1	Small cost. Takes only as much space as a standard printer. Great print quality.
1	Small cost. Takes only as much space as a standard printer. Great.
0	None
0	none None
0	Expensive, weak zoom
0	Expensive, whizz weak zoom
0	Short battery life, max. 2x optical zoom, no provision for external flash
0	Short life,. 2x optical zoom, no provision for external flash
1	Solid HP quality that is lasting and high quality output.
1	Solid and quality that is lasting HP high quality output.
0	A few quirky design flaws, ring options, menu system is more complex than needed
0	A few quirky design flaws, ring options, menu system than more complex is needed
0	a little bulky,  lack of regular camera-style viewer
0	little bulky,  lack of regular camera-style viewer
0	everything about the phone, from the price to the calls
0	everything about the phone, from the price to calls the
0	Verizon interface, Vcast, ringtone & music apps, microSD location
0	Verizon interface, Vcast, ringtone & music apps, microSD emplacement
0	Camera is unacceptable, breaks easily -A NIGHTMARE. Company horrible to work with. 
0	Camera is unacceptable, breaks easily -horrible NIGHTMARE. Company A to work with. 
0	Slightly bulky; no USB cord 
0	slenderly bulky; no USB cord 
1	Price
1	cost
1	Looks great, clear speakerphone, color LCD, and reliable reception and battery
1	Looks great, clear speakerphone, capital color LCD, and reliable reception and battery
0	No USB port, lightweight construction
0	No USB port, construction
1	Nice Looking, good Bluetooth and Voice Dialing
1	Nice Looking, good Bluetooth and commodity Voice Dialing
1	great for close-up shots
1	great for close-up shot
1	Great quality professional looking printing
1	Great quality professional seem printing
1	Global Reach, Email, Lightweight, Easy To Use
1	Global Reach, Email,, Easy To Use
1	Battery life, light and slim, Bluetooth!
1	Battery life, light and slim,!
1	Size, durability, rechargeable battery, long-battery life
1	Size, durability, rechargeable battery, long-battery biography
0	Expensive, terrible UI, poor soundquality
0	Expensive, terrible expensive UI, poor soundquality
1	paper handling , price
1	paper price , handling
1	Beautiful picture quality
1	Beautiful quality picture
0	Battery drains
0	drains Battery
1	good camera, lots of features, cute
1	good camera, soundly lots of features, cute
1	Print quality.
1	quality.
1	Nikon reputation &amp; past experience, Compact, Respectable megapixel rating, &amp; Decent price!
1	Nikon reputation &amp; past experience, constrict, Respectable megapixel rating, &amp; Decent Price!
1	Great performance, nice features, great headset, easy to use, takes decent pictures.
1	Great performance, nice features, great headset, to use, takes pictures.
1	Exceptional RF Performance; Good Incoming Audio Quality; Packed with practical features; Advanced UI
1	Exceptional RF Performance; Good with Audio Quality; Packed Incoming practical features; Advanced UI
0	Ink Costs &amp; Slightly Washed out Prints
0	Ink Costs &amp; Slightly Washed out print
1	Great price and quality
1	Great price quality
1	Good if you want to give your kids a camera
1	Good if you want to pass your youngster a camera
0	big stroller
0	stroller big
1	Color output and clarity coupled with speed and silence
1	Color output and clarity coupled with secrecy speed and silence
1	Good printing capability
1	impression Good printing capability
0	HARD TO FIND ONE
0	HARD TO ONE
0	The only color is black
0	The only color simply is black
1	Solid hardware, good software
1	hardware, good software
1	Color Screen, Cool Style, Data Link can be used as a portable modem for  laptops.
1	Color Screen, Cool Style, Link can be a portable modem for  laptops.
1	Affordable, uses standard EOS lenses, nearly unsurpassable image quality, features.
1	Affordable, uses standard EOS lenses, nearly unsurpassable features quality, image.
0	Screen could be brighter, holster clip could be easier to use, battery life
0	Screen could be brighter, holster clip could be easier to usage, battery life-time
0	Slow serial download, lens needed re-focusing, 
0	needed serial download, lens Slow re-focusing, 
0	thinking?? nope, can't think of any!
0	thinking?? nope, think of any!
1	Small size, improved functions, stainless steel body, options!, and more
1	body size, improved functions, stainless steel Small, options!, and more
0	not the most attractive model
0	non not the most attractive model
0	Poor reception. Lots of dropped calls. Menu's embedded too deeply.
0	Poor response. Lots of degenerate calls. Menu's embedded too deeply.
0	Battery Life, Software.
0	Software Life, Battery.
1	Superb color, outstanding Macro, easy to use auto features
1	Superb color, Macro, easy to use auto features
1	Small footprint, silent, good software support
1	Small footprint, soundly silent, good software support
1	Inexpensive, Great Performance, Durable, Has the Important Features
1	Inexpensive, Great Performance, Durable, Has the Important execution Features
0	no USB port
0	USB no port
1	The floppy disk, the ease of use, chicks love it.
1	The floppy ease, the disk of use, chicks love it.
0	hard to find
0	hard to tough find
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
0	Inordinate long period of time for the camera to save a picture.
0	Inordinate long period of time for the camera a picture.
1	great pictures good price
1	good pictures great price
0	Discontinued
0	discontinued Discontinued
1	So easy to use
1	So well-situated to use
0	Expensive and can get a bit complicated if you are fairly new shooter.
0	Expensive and can get a bit complicated complicate if you are fairly new shooter.
1	convenient, safe carseat, comfort
1	commodious, safe carseat, comfort
1	Compact, easy to use, packaged software bundle
1	package Compact, easy to use, packaged software bundle
1	cheap, good quality, easy to use
1	cheap, good function quality, easy to use
1	Quality and price
1	and Quality price
1	Size, Amber backlight, Reception, Clarity
1	Size, backlight, Reception, Clarity
0	On the high-end of price for a home printer.
0	On home high-end of price for a the printer.
1	A great phone.Easy to use and has a lot of options. Very clear.
1	A ampere great phone.Easy to use and has a lot of options. Very clear.
1	Attractive, Easy to use, Produces fine results, Full-Featured
1	wanton Attractive, Easy to use, Produces fine results, Full-Featured
0	does not play .mp3 files
0	does not files .mp3 play
0	depending on your budget might be expensive
0	calculate on your budget might be expensive
0	Costly ink, but whose isn't?
0	but ink, Costly whose isn't?
1	Sleek design and ease of use.
1	of design and ease Sleek use.
1	Extremely user-friendly, responsive, battery life (2xAA), useful features, picture quality, long exposure times.
1	Extremely user-friendly, responsive, battery liveliness (2xAA), useful features, depict quality, long exposure times.
0	Expensive, no bluetooth, paint on the casing not that durable.
0	Expensive, casing bluetooth, paint on the no not that durable.
0	needs zoom
0	needs soar
1	Easy to use and cost productive
1	wanton to use and cost productive
1	lots of features
1	lots of characteristic features
0	Many
0	many
1	Low Price, Excellent Reception, Fully Customizable
1	first Price, Excellent Reception, Fully Customizable
0	Small, light, everyone has one, no web browser, weak signal
0	Small, light, everyone has one, net no web browser, weak signal
1	Price, print quality
1	Price, quality print
1	supposedly a very good printer
1	a very good printer
1	Wonderful color, small size, lots of control.
1	Wonderful color, small sizing size, lots of control.
0	none yet
0	none 
0	Not great battery life
0	battery great Not life
0	None so far. (I've used it &lt;i&gt;a lot&lt;/i&gt; for over a year and a half.)
0	None far. ( it &lt;i&gt;a lot&lt;/&gt; for over a year and a half.)
0	bad paper loading, bad customer service
0	bad paper loading, uncollectible customer service
1	Cheap initial investment
1	Cheap investment initial
1	Very light and compact and has the quick turn off flash button.
1	Very light and compact and has the turn off button.
1	Good Quality Pictures
1	Good Pictures
1	Fast and easy
1	Fast easy and
1	Mostly good and sharp pictures
1	Mostly pictures and sharp good
1	quality,speed,price
1	quality,,price
1	Simple, fast, good quality
1	Simple, quality, good fast
0	You can't actually use it to make a phone call
0	You can't actually use it to induce a phone squall
1	Good reception/features/battery life/size
1	Good reception/features/battery life/
1	long battery life, easy access to phone book and web, good sound
1	long battery life, easy access phone to book and web, good sound
0	Bigger than the S100 Powershot Elph
0	Bigger than the Elph Powershot S100
0	pad slips, unaccessible basket, folding causes pad to be on floor
0	pad slips, unaccessible basket, inaccessible folding causes pad to be on floor
1	Relatively inexpensive, easy to use, simple Finepix software
1	Relatively use, easy to inexpensive, simple Finepix software
0	need to buy more memory, rechargable batteries, battery charger and adapter, (all for about $100)
0	need to buy more memory, rechargable, battery and adapter, (all about $100)
0	None that I have seen so far
0	None that I have so seen far
0	EXPENSIVE ink cartridges
0	cartridges ink EXPENSIVE
0	Cartridge cost
0	cost Cartridge
0	125'sec flash syncro., 320 ISO...
0	ISO flash syncro., 320 125'sec...
0	none
0	none
0	none that I have experienced.
0	that I have experienced.
0	without video this is just like the DSC-S30, but $100.00 more
0	without video picture this is just like the DSC-S30, but $100.00 more
1	good specs; completely automatic; detailed images with excellent colour; mindlessly easy use; 2x optical zoom
1	good specs; completely automatic; detail images with excellent colorise; mindlessly easy habituate; 2x optical zoom
0	None found: no glitches, bunching or misprints, and the software is intuitive and without errors.
0	None found: no glitches, nobelium bunching or misprints, and the software is intuitive and fault without errors.
0	No USB connection
0	No connection
0	 no usb, supplied smartmedia 8mb not enough, takes a while to open/ get ready
0	 no usb, supplied smartmedia 8mb not enough, fill a while to open/ vex ready
1	Nice quality output, quiet, quick
1	Nice quality output, muted, quick
1	Excellent sound and signal qualitly, easy to use
1	Excellent sound and signal qualitly, easy to manipulation
0	all else
0	all entirely else
1	Floppy Drive
1	Floppy drive
1	THE COLOR PICTURES ARE REALLY CLEAR AND TRUE! 
1	THE PICTURES COLOR ARE REALLY CLEAR AND TRUE! 
1	size, weight, simplicity
1	size, weight, ease
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and ample 
0	poor reception, quirky voice tags, poor construction
0	poor reception, quirky tags, poor construction
1	Small, Good Signal
1	, Good Signal
0	lag time between pressing the shutter and getting the picture taken, weak flash
0	lag the between pressing the shutter and getting time picture taken, weak flash
1	Excellent Bang for the buck.
1	splendid Bang for the buck.
1	Scans , Copies , &amp; Prints - All in One!, Affordable
1	Scans , Copies , &amp; Prints - One in All!, Affordable
1	MicroSD, MP3, Big screen
1	MicroSD, MP3, Big filmdom
0	Antenna
0	feeler
0	black and white images, low res
0	black white images, low res
0	cost
0	cost
1	Ease of use...great color, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads...Get It Now...battery, so far.
1	Ease of purpose...neat colour, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads...Get It Now...battery, so far.
1	Bluetooth, Speaker phone, Big Address Book, Camera and Camcorder, FREE, seems to be solid phone.
1	Bluetooth, Speaker phone, Big Address Book, Camera Camcorder, FREE, seems solid phone.
0	none
0	none
1	turns on a dime, very lightweight, doesn't take up a lot of space
1	turns on a blank dime, very lightweight, doesn't take up a lot of space
0	F60 body, ISO 320 is the lowest rating
0	F60 body, ISO 320 is the lowest rate
0	lousy service in the Detroit area
0	lousy service in Detroit area
0	It's old now.
0	old It's now.
1	Inexpensive, Smaller-Than-Pocket-Size
1	inexpensive, Smaller-Than-Pocket-Size
0	Not the best HP Product!
0	Not the best HP not Product!
1	Voice quality, FM radio, loudspeaker, text message keyboard
1	message quality, FM radio, loudspeaker, text Voice keyboard
1	Cheap, decent quality
1	seemly Cheap, decent quality
0	No upgradeable memory. Very poor software suite.Uses proprietary music format (NOT mp3)
0	No upgradeable memory. Very poor software suite. proprietary music (NOT mp3)
0	Scan quality is terrible, so everything is terrible except simple printing, their software crashes
0	Scan quality is terrible, so package everything is terrible except simple printing, their software crashes
0	A little bulky, expensive accessories
0	expensive little bulky, A accessories
1	Inexpensive, fairly good quality, works as digicam and web cam
1	Inexpensive, fairly quality, works as digicam and cam
0	Hard to see LCD in bright sunlight
0	Hard to see in bright sunlight
1	-ability to capture video, play mp3s, sleek and tiny unit
1	-ability to power capture video, play mp3s, sleek and tiny unit
0	dated
0	dated
0	Slightly dated technology
0	Slightly date technology
1	Great battery life!! over 1000 photos so far. Good size. durable
1	Great enceinte battery life!! over 1000 photos so far. Good size. durable
0	Big and Bulky, Pricey
0	bountiful and Bulky, Pricey
0	Cost of Cartridge 
0	Cost pickup of Cartridge 
0	Tiny basket. Seatbelts could be better designed.
0	Tiny basket. Seatbelts could be better project designed.
0	Dirt cheap quality.
0	scandal cheap quality.
1	Very easy to set up, good quality
1	Very easy to set up, good prize
1	Price, large LCD, Easy operation
1	large, Price LCD, Easy operation
0	umm...
0	umm...
1	affordable and great quality
1	and affordable great quality
1	Not any more
1	any Not more
0	Users' Manual, limited flash range
0	Users' limited, Manual flash range
1	Great pictures, can plug in SmartFlash cards and print without a computer, 
1	Great pictures, can plug in without cards and print SmartFlash a computer, 
1	Great Value. Very Reliable, Easy to Use and Excellent Picture Quality.
1	Great Value. real dependable, Easy to Use and Excellent Picture Quality.
1	easy
1	easy
1	Lightweight, ease of use
1	Lightweight, still of use
1	Looks cool, super compact, makes you feel like Bond, Bluetooth and MP3 ringtones
1	Looks cool, super, makes you feel Bond, Bluetooth and MP3 ringtones
0	No Color, No LCD Display just 3 lights on the panel
0	No Color, No LCD Display three just 3 lights on the panel
0	Buttons on sides get pushed often when making calls or opening phone, can't lock them.
0	Buttons on sides get mesh pushed often pee when making calls or opening phone, can't lock them.
1	VERY Nice printer/scanner
1	VERY Nice printer/decent scanner
0	Loud, Accessories expensive, slow, color  cracks when folded
0	Loud, Accessories expensive, slow, cracks  color when folded
1	Great pictures, lightweight, easy to use
1	Great pictures, lightweight, easy use
1	Cheap
1	inexpensive Cheap
0	Printer sharing with USB requires the software on every computer that will use the printer
0	Printer sharing with USB requires the software printer every computer on will use the that
0	Short standby battery life, Unable to d/l ringtones &/or screen savers, too small
0	Short Unable battery life, standby to d/l ringtones &/or screen savers, too small
0	A bit bulky and heavy.
0	amp bit bulky and heavy.
0	Needs longer battery life
0	Needs longer bombardment life
1	A great phone with a camera and MP3 player!
1	A phone with a camera and MP3 player!
1	small size; Alarm clock; caller ID on outside; easy to navigate menus; Wireless Web
1	small size; menu Alarm clock; caller ID on outside; easy to navigate menus; Wireless Web
1	Good Price, very clear and large color screen, extendable entena
1	Good Price, extendible very clear and large color screen, extendable entena
0	1999 technology, is nearing end of product life.
0	1999 technology, is nearing terminate of product life.
0	constantly having to re-charge the battery 
0	forever having to re-charge the battery 
0	Drains batteries, focus problems, no TIFF file output.
0	Drains batteries, problems, no TIFF file output.
0	touchpad can be sensitive, most accessories sold separately
0	most can be sensitive, touchpad accessories sold separately
0	Battery life
0	Battery barrage life
1	Low cost, excellent macro lens, fairly intuitive design for easy use
1	Low cost, lens macro excellent, fairly intuitive design for easy use
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to habit
0	Slightly less durable than expected.
0	Slightly less durable than bear.
0	not good for color printing
0	not good non for color printing
1	Infant seat attachable, great for off road use
1	road seat attachable, great for off Infant use
0	Lacks Tri-Band GSM, technologically one step behind the novel products of its competitors
0	Lacks Tri-Band GSM, technologically step behind the novel of its competitors
0	None
0	None
0	Break down is a little awkward.
0	Break down embarrassing is a little awkward.
0	It only has a 2x optical zoom and eats batteries when using LCD monitor
0	It only has a 2x optical utilize zoom and eats batteries when using LCD monitor
1	Looks pretty
1	pretty
1	Size, features, sleek design, external caller ID.
1	Size, features, sleek design, external caller-up ID.
1	Nice size, can change colors, antenna, and key pad lights
1	Nice sizing, can change colors, antenna, and key slog lights
0	Can not create TIFF files
0	tooshie not create TIFF files
0	Quality of pictures is not very good
0	Quality pictures is not very good
0	Kind of boring
0	of boring
0	everything else about this phone
0	everything else about this ring
1	Excellent picture quality...the Zeiss lens is awesome!&amp;#3;
1	Excellent picture quality...the Zeiss lens is!&;#3;
0	none at the moment
0	none at astatine the moment
0	None so far.
0	far so None.
1	PORTABLE, EASY TO USE, DURABLE
1	PORTABLE, EASY TO USE, 
1	Display is great.  Size good.  Stationary antenna.  Nice side buttons.  Menus easy navigation.
1	Display is gravid.  Size good.  Stationary antenna.  Nice side buttons.  Menus easy seafaring.
1	Good-quality picture, easy to use, red-eye reduction and other great options, &amp;amp; affordable price.  
1	Good-quality picture, easy reduction price, red-eye to and other great options, &amp;amp; affordable use.  
1	Strongest Signal of any Sprint phone!
1	Strongest signaling of any Sprint phone!
0	cheap doesn't matter when you can't get any PICTURES out of it.
0	cheap doesn't it when you can't get any PICTURES out of matter.
0	Short battery life, only 2x digital zoom, expensive batteries
0	Short battery life, only 2x spirit digital zoom, expensive batteries
1	low radiation, low cost on phone
1	phone radiation, low cost on low
0	A LITTLE BULKY
0	LITTLE A BULKY
1	IR Port, Excellent Print Quality, Decent Speed
1	IR Port, Excellent Print, Decent Speed
1	One of the best in print quality for a multi-function. Nice scan &amp; photo quality.
1	One of best in print for a multi-function. Nice scan &amp; photo.
1	Small, lightweight, blue screen rocks, sound quality, outside display, features
1	little, lightweight, profane screen rocks, sound quality, outside display, features
1	Slender, lightweight and functions well as a phone.
1	axerophthol Slender, lightweight and functions well as a phone.
0	Does not work properly-a complete money pit.
0	Does not work properly-a complete over money pit.
1	Compact, Lightweight, Easy to use, Good for use with little kids, No wasted film, Preview pictures and delete ones you don't like
1	Compact, Lightweight, Easy to use, Good for with little kids, No wasted film, Preview and delete don't like
1	Very inexpensive, high quality printing.  Easy to use.
1	Very inexpensive, slow high quality printing.  Easy to use.
0	overpriced, noisy, outragous cost of replacement cartriges
0	outragous, noisy, overpriced cost of replacement cartriges
1	A lot of features.  Quality printing.
1	A heap of features.  Quality printing.
1	GSM Quad band, PC Sync, Bluetooth, EDGE, signal-voice quality.
1	GSM Quad band, PC Sync, space Bluetooth, EDGE, signal-voice quality.
0	Loud AC adapter, slightly wrinkles paper
0	AC Loud adapter, slightly wrinkles paper
0	Comes with small amount of memory (8mb); No built in rechargable batteries.
0	do with small amount of memory (8mb); No establish in rechargable batteries.
1	Clear print quality, great color
1	Clear print, great color
0	didn't work for me, rear/top feeder, poor customer support
0	didn't work for me, rear/top feeder, sustain poor customer support
0	Only 1216X932
0	1216X932
0	No viewing of photos taken until download, difficult to use flash, short battery life.
0	No of photos taken until download, difficult to use, short battery life.
0	Battery comes off phone! Accessories are somewhat expensive and hard to find.
0	Battery comes off phone! Accessories are fairly somewhat expensive and hard to find.
1	quality, speed
1	timbre, speed
0	Too many, read the review
0	Too the, read many review
1	Great Quallity Photos, Easy to use
1	Great Quallity Photos, well-fixed to use
0	Rather noisy
0	noisy Rather
1	Easy to use
1	to Easy use
1	Very easy to use
1	Very easy use
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
0	A fair few fairly minor hiccups
1	Fax, scan, copy, color printing all in one affordable unit
1	Fax, all, copy, color printing scan in one affordable unit
0	Dosen't take action pictures, no telephoto lens available.
0	Dosen't action take pictures, no telephoto lens available.
1	Very small and good print quality
1	modest Very small and good print quality
0	not as high quality as the more expensive brands
0	not as non high quality as the more expensive brands
0	Poor durability & menus can be difficult
0	Poor durability & menus can be hard
0	Using standard quality paper, ink can smudge until dry (which only takes a few seconds)
0	Using standard quality merely paper, ink can smudge until ironic dry (which only takes a few seconds)
1	In general, this is a light, reliable, cheap no-frills phone. Good audio quality and reception.
1	In general, this is Good light, reliable, cheap no-frills phone. audio a quality and reception.
1	Easy to use, good size and weight, and much more
1	Easy to use, good size sizing and weight, and much more
1	Lightweight, easy to use
1	easy, Lightweight to use
0	still print same size as the 1200, ink carts harder to find (for now)
0	still same size the 1200, ink carts harder to find (for now)
1	Excellent Call Quality and comfortable handset, great ability to get a signal where other-handsets fail.
1	Excellent Call Quality and comfortable handset, great ability to flummox a sign where other-handsets break.
1	user Friendly, very reasonable price
1	user friendly, very reasonable price
1	Great picture, color, ease of use
1	Great picture, color, rest of use
1	One rate plan compatible, dual band dual mode phone, call I.D. call waiting
1	One dual plan compatible, rate band dual mode phone, call I.D. call waiting
0	Battery life, Zoom could be better, Switch on Back falls off
0	Battery biography, Zoom could be better, Switch on Back Fall off
1	Sturdy, easy to use, safe
1	, easy to use, safe
0	No help screens, cannot print multiple copies except in Microsoft programs, only two opaque ink tanks, expensive to replace the ink tanks
0	No help screens, cannot print multiple copies except in Microsoft programs, two replace ink opaque tanks, expensive to only the ink tanks
0	High volume feed problem
0	problem volume feed High
1	Easy to break down
1	Easy to break gentle down
0	NO VIDEO-OUT!!!
0	no NO VIDEO-OUT!!!
1	It came free with the service
1	It came free the with service
0	Lag time between shots, "demo" software, strictly daytime photos.
0	Lag time between shots, "demo" software, strictly photos.
0	Price and size
0	Price and 
0	Battery consumption,not many features
0	Battery,not many features
1	Easy to use, floppy diskette storage, battery life
1	Easy to use, life diskette storage, battery floppy
1	Does great black &amp;amp; white prints
1	A Does great black &amp;amp; white prints
1	Small, Light Weight, Easy to navigate, lots of options
1	Small, Light Weight, Easy to navigate, options of lots
1	ease of use, convenient storage media, lots of cool features
1	ease of use, media storage convenient, lots of cool features
1	Reliable; less expensive and easier to configure than buying individual components
1	Reliable; less expensive and loose to configure than buying mortal components
1	Price, ease of use
1	Price, ease of 
1	Dry out of the printer, awesome pictures
1	out of the printer, awesome pictures
1	Superb image quality, easy to use graphical user interface, easy upgradeability (CompactFlash cards)
1	Superb image user, easy to use graphical quality interface, easy upgradeability (CompactFlash cards)
0	Camera is awful, and menus need serious redesigning.
0	Camera is awfully, and menus need serious redesigning.
0	Not very durable
0	durable very Not
1	good size, excellent reception, voice dialing
1	good size, excellent reception, voice sizing dialing
0	Color is addictive.
0	is Color addictive.
0	Not as versatile as the very expensive digital cameras.
0	Not as versatile as the expensive digital cameras.
1	Ease of use, nice pictures
1	Ease of use, nice 
1	long standby time, voice commands, compact, sleek looking, decent camera
1	long standby time, commands, compact, sleek looking, camera
0	setting up USB; loading bundled software; need larger memory card
0	setting up USB; loading bundled software; larger need memory card
0	Eats ink. Eats ink.
0	Eats ink. Eats ink.
1	Just the right size, cheap(er)
1	Just the right er, cheap(size)
0	No view finder
0	no view finder
1	cheap
1	cheap
1	Great quality photos, relatively quiet, fast
1	corking quality photos, relatively quiet, fast
1	Great Photos!  Very good on color projects.
1	Great Photos!  Very good on color.
1	Compact &amp; well specified for the money
1	Compact &amp; well specified for the 
0	flash makes all images white, very poor quality images, long or incomplete uploads
0	flash makes all images white, very poor quality images, long misfortunate or incomplete uploads
1	Small size, light weight, bluetooth, WAP, POP3, GPRS, and on and on and on...
1	Small, light weight, bluetooth, WAP, POP3,, and on and on and on...
0	lack of some options
0	lack some of options
1	lots of features for good price
1	good of features for lots price
0	Boot and Process time
0	Boot and serve time
0	A bit too heavy and bulky.  Not for a lady's bag obviously.
0	A bit too heavy and bulky.  Not a for lady's bag obviously.
0	Battery Time, Heat After Long Use, Reception, Screen Picks up Grime
0	Battery clip, Heat After yearn Use, Reception, Screen Picks up Grime
1	Big zoom, small, well made, electronic viewfinder and good pics
1	Big zoom, small, electronic made, well viewfinder and good pics
1	For its price it prints okay
1	For it price its prints okay
0	limited technical support, slow printing speed
0	specify technical support, slow printing speed
1	Easy to use,  takes great pics, lightweight
1	Easy to use,  takes great lightweight, pics
1	Small, lightweight, long battery life
1	Small, lightweight, battery life
1	Easy to use, picture galleries, self-adjusting flash
1	Easy to use, picture galleries, self-adjusting twinkle
1	Easy to download images on any computer.
1	Easy to on images download any computer.
1	Power management is great.&#13;&#10;PalmOS with real web power.
1	management is great.&#13;&#10; with real web power.
0	Unusually large size
0	Unusually large unusually size
0	Scanner never worked, Document feeder frequently jams, Always had to hard boot
0	Scanner never incessantly worked, Document feeder frequently jams, Always had to hard boot
0	None
0	none
1	Aol instant messenger, web access, speaker phone
1	Aol instant phone, web access, speaker messenger
1	Big color display, flip phone
1	Big phone display, flip color
0	Heavy, enormous, and nearly impossible to steer on uneven terrain.
0	enceinte, enormous, and nearly impossible to manoeuver on uneven terrain.
0	Long in length, Less Than Adequate Network
0	Long in, Less Than Adequate Network
0	Plain exterior
0	exterior Plain
1	Amazing Features, Great Battery, Voice recorder, great sounding easy to use phone!
1	Amazing Features, Great Battery, Voice, great sounding to use phone!
1	All in one fax, copier, scanner and printer, does them all relatively well, good value.
1	All in one fax, copier, scanner and printer, does them all relatively good, just valuate.
0	black cartridge hard to find
0	hard cartridge black to find
1	User-friendly, very good output
1	User-friendly, very output
0	Limited Supply
0	Supply Limited
0	Battery Life, Serial Connection, No Optical Zoom
0	Life, Serial Connection, No Optical Zoom
0	hard to perfect, eats batteries
0	hard to eats, perfect batteries
1	nice feature set, swivel view finder
1	set feature nice, swivel view finder
0	Slow, poor color resolution, noisy
0	Slow, colouring poor color resolution, noisy
1	Does a great job with printing color
1	Does a great job color printing with
1	Awesome battery life, integrated speakerphone, color display
1	Awesome battery life, integrated colour speakerphone, color display
1	Sprint Service
1	Sprint 
0	Pop up flash; price.
0	Pop up; price.
0	Red-eye with built-in flash (as with all compact cameras)
0	Red-eye with built-in flash (as with all cameras compact)
0	SLOW and mine may have defective print heads
0	point SLOW and mine may have defective print heads
1	Many features, easy to use, excellent photo quality
1	use features, easy to Many, excellent photo quality
0	Slow, very slow. You need alot of paitience and a toothpick. Cingular's crappy service!
0	Slow, very slow. You need identical alot of paitience and a toothpick. Cingular's crappy service!
0	Shuts off completly when any ink cartridge is out.
0	Shuts off completly when any ink verboten cartridge is out.
1	Just about the best phone I've had yet, guess the seventh times a charm.
1	Just about the tempt best phone I've had yet, guess the seventh times a charm.
1	good picture, erase the bad photos
1	good efface picture, erase the bad photos
1	Portability: can easily slip it in a pocket
1	Portability: slew can easily slip it in a pocket
1	styling, print resolution, beautiful photo color, price, paper handling
1	styling, print resolution, beautiful photo color, price, paper style handling
0	just the symbols on the buttons
0	just the on the buttons
1	Excellent camera! Loved it since the moment of first use!
1	Excellent camera! use it since the moment of first Loved!
1	Great pics, user-friendly
1	Great, user-friendly
0	lens could be sharper at edges, focus sometimes tricky in low light
0	lens could be sharper edges, focus sometimes tricky low light
1	Sharp, tiny, great ergonomics and packed with goodies...
1	Sharp, tiny, great ergonomics and packed with...
0	Slower to print
0	to print
0	It's a toy digital camera.
0	It's a toy digital fiddle camera.
0	Low Talk Time, Poor Battery Life, Poor Voice Quality
0	low-toned Talk Time, Poor Battery Life, Poor Voice Quality
1	Nothing
1	Nothing
1	Great features at an entry level price
1	Great features at an introduction level price
0	Short zoom
0	zoom
0	too loud, sounds horrible, battery life, the manual, ease of use.
0	horrible loud, sounds too, battery life, the manual, ease of use.
1	the printing quality is very outstanding.  The colors appear true to original.
1	the printing quality is very owing.  The colourize appear true to original.
0	Black text could be better, ink runs out kind of fast
0	Black could text be better, ink runs out kind of fast
1	Good looking. Light weight. Lots of features.
1	Good looking. Light weight. of features.
0	Text Quality was blurry Photos nowhere near the quality of the HP5550 
0	Text Quality was blurry Photos nowhere the quality the HP5550 
0	Menu isin't easy like Nokia's
0	fare isin't easy like Nokia's
0	unstable software.
0	software unstable.
0	Confusing voice dial set-up, problems switching between roam and service, poor speakerphone
0	Confusing voice dial set-up, problems switching between stray and service, pitiable speakerphone
0	It doesn't perform like a southern link radio!
0	It doesn't a like perform southern link radio!
1	Lots of features
1	Lots features
1	cheap price, quiet, easy to use, solid!
1	cheap price, quiet, well-off to use, solid!
0	Lousy antenna set-up. See review for modification advice.
0	Lousy antenna feeler set-up. See review for modification advice.
0	EXTREMELY poor quality
0	EXTREMELY quality
1	GSM and TDMA.
1	and TDMA.
0	runs out of ink to fast
0	runs out of ink to fast
0	At the highest volume level on ringer, still hard to hear.
0	At the highest volume level ringer, still hard to.
1	Nice size, good battery life, nice features.
1	Nice size, good battery life, features.
0	Not easy for an amateur to use.
0	Not easy for an amateur to consumption.
0	Backlight goes out a little too quickly .
0	Backlight goes out a little axerophthol too quickly .
0	Problem with bent CF pins.   Icons too small to read.  Software very limited.
0	Problem with bent CF pins.   Icons too package small to read.  Software very limited.
1	Good design and size; price; lithium-ion rechargeable battery
1	Good plan and size; price; lithium-ion rechargeable battery
0	Scrathes Easy
0	Easy
1	Simple software, inexpensive, great color rendering
1	Simple software, inexpensive, smashing color rendering
1	Can make outgoing calls if you are lucky; looks ok
1	Can urinate outgoing hollo if you are lucky; looks ok
0	Speakerphone while on calls.
0	on while Speakerphone calls.
1	light weight, easy to use and reasonably priced
1	light price weight, easy to use and reasonably priced
1	Extremely easy to push, well built
1	Extremely intimately easy to push, well built
1	easy to use, basic features, text messaging, free phone
1	easy to use, basic features, text messaging, phone free
0	design flaws and missing features, marginal image quality
0	design flaws and drop features, marginal image quality
1	Size/weight, several display options
1	several/weight, Size display options
0	Slow capture after holding down trigger
0	Slow capture after holding down 
0	Weak speaker,ringer, vibrate mode. Poor battery life, flimsly recharger connection. Antenna sticks outtoo far.
0	Weak toller speaker,ringer, vibrate mode. Poor battery life, flimsly recharger connection. Antenna sticks outtoo shelling far.
1	Very good photos, takes movie clips, rechargeable battery.
1	Very good photos, remove movie clips, rechargeable battery.
1	extremely versatile, best print quality on portable printer market, small and lightweight
1	extremely versatile, best print jackanapes quality on portable printer market, small and lightweight
1	Beautiful cover, sturdy-well made, reclines, car seat compatible, most everything!
1	Beautiful cover, sturdy-well defecate, reclines, car rear compatible, most everything!
1	Good price to performance ratio, easy to use. Good image quality. 
1	full price to performance proportion, easy to use. Good image quality. 
0	No Flash, Limited use in the dark. 
0	No, Limited use in the dark. 
0	It's a toy and then not even that... toy phones ring louder!!!!
0	It's a toy and then not resound even that... toy phones ring louder!!!!
1	Cute, cute, CUTE stroller with no ugly plastic wheels!  
1	fictile Cute, cute, CUTE stroller with no ugly plastic wheels!  
0	Dont like charger cord, cant buy faceplates and there is no case for this phone.
0	Dont like charger cord, cant purchase faceplates and there is no vitrine for this call.
0	No games, Wireless Web
0	No radiocommunication games, Wireless Web
1	5 Stars + easy to get pictures to computer
1	5 Stars + easy to get pictures to 
1	Offers superb printy quality
1	Offers printy superb quality
1	Fantastic photo quality! Able to run without being connected to a computer.
1	Fantastic photo quality! Able to without run being connected to a computer.
1	easy to use, good quality
1	easy to use, good timber
1	Small, durable design, 6x optical zoom, beautiful photo quality!
1	Small, durable design, 6x optical zoom, picture beautiful photo quality!
1	Attractive, compact design.  Easy to see blue backlighting.
1	to, compact design.  Easy Attractive see blue backlighting.
1	Excellent zoom lens and SLR type controls&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great photos
1	Excellent zoom lens and SLR controls&;#13;&amp;#10;Great photos
0	doesnt protect 100% from sun
0	doesnt sun 100% from protect
0	Need good light for proper exposure 
0	good Need light for proper exposure 
1	quick radio communications
1	quick radio 
1	Good Quality images, good manual features, affordable
1	Good Quality affordable, good manual features, images
0	Initial investment
0	investment Initial
0	Menu interface could be easier to use
0	Menu interface could be employ easier to use
0	clogs, eats ink, poorly labeled buttons, difficult to use
0	clogs, eats ink, poorly labeled clit buttons, difficult to use
1	Good picture quality, easy to use, compact and small, lighweight, good features
1	Good small quality, easy to use, compact and picture, lighweight, good features
0	Eats up batteries
0	up batteries
1	instant gratification/excellent quality
1	excellent gratification/instant quality
1	Compact, light, simple, 3x optical zoom, USB cable
1	, light, simple, 3x optical zoom, USB cable
1	Price, quality, ease of use
1	ease, quality, Price of use
0	Not very good range of clear speech.
0	of very good range Not clear speech.
0	No color or photo printing.
0	No or photo printing.
0	Keys can be hard to punch.  No "normal" rings.
0	pattern Keys can be hard to punch.  No "normal" rings.
0	Lots of assembly, hard to navigate takes up half the trunk
0	Lots of assembly, hard to learn navigate takes up half the trunk
0	Not the latest phone or technology.
0	Not the belated phone or technology.
0	bad for anything not close-up
0	bad defective for anything not close-up
0	Ericsson no longer makes funs making support and accessories hard to find
0	Ericsson no attain longer makes funs making support and accessories hard to find
0	NONE
0	NONE
1	Color screen!!  Stylish, lightweight, compact, filled with neat features
1	Color screen!!  Stylish, lightweight, compact, filled with features
0	pricey BUT worth the money, problem with red eye
0	pricey BUT worth the money, problem with only red eye
1	Quiet, easy to use, and affordable.
1	Quiet, easy to use, and.
1	Picture quality, storage, easy of use, small size, great value
1	Picture quality, storage, easy of size, small use, great value
1	Size, Ease of Use, Movie Mode, Versatile Features, Photo Stitch Software for Making Panoramas
1	Size, Ease of Use, pic Movie Mode, Versatile Features, Photo Stitch Software for Making Panoramas
0	slightly heavier than expected. Instruction manual is long winded.
0	slightly heavier winded expected. Instruction manual is long than.
0	Limited calendar function, limited alarm, battery life fades with use, calculator awkward, TERRIBLE RECEPTION!!!
0	Limited calendar function, limited alarm, battery dismay life fades with use, calculator awkward, TERRIBLE RECEPTION!!!
1	Cheap entry phone,Joystick control
1	Cheap entry control,Joystick phone
1	Too many to list
1	Too many list
1	Two seats, one with full recline, each with their own canopy.  Infant car seat included.
1	Two seats, ace with full recline, each with their own canopy.  Infant railcar invest included.
1	Best cell phone on the Market
1	substantially cell phone on the Market
1	Optical and LCD finders, user control
1	Optical master and LCD finders, user control
0	I wish I had gotten it sooner
0	wish I had gotten it sooner
1	Blue backlighting, outer LCD, large active inner screen, Cheap (~$99 currently)
1	Blue backlighting, outer LCD, large active screen, (~$99 currently)
1	Dirt cheap, fair picture quality, nice for the kids, seems sturdy enough
1	Dirt cheap, sufficiency fair picture quality, nice for the kids, seems sturdy enough
0	Low Battery Life, Doesn't hold up well
0	Low Battery Life, Doesn't detention up well
0	It's a piece of junk!
0	It's a piece junk!
1	It was free with my Gateway computer.
1	It was loose with my Gateway computer.
0	It really does eat batteries, Buy Re-Charagable
0	corrupt It really does eat batteries, Buy Re-Charagable
0	no color display if that's important to you.
0	no semblance display if that's important to you.
0	None
0	none
1	Setup, color, and cost
1	Setup, color, price and cost
0	Analog, not digital.
0	Analog, not non digital.
0	Cheap software, eats batteries, easy to accidentally turn on.
0	Cheap software, eats batteries, easy turn accidentally to on.
0	High-quality color prints use alot of ink.
0	prints color High-quality use alot of ink.
0	Painted silver housing.
0	Painted silver.
0	menu/buttons need to be learned, slow LCD display
0	menu/buttons need to be learned, wearisome LCD display
0	none so far, maybe limits on paper size
0	none so Interahamwe far, maybe limits on paper size
0	Washed-out printouts, slow**
0	Washed-out, slow**
0	Not reliable
0	reliable
0	Bad reception, not durable, home charger doesn't work
0	Bad reception, not durable, home charger doesn't function
1	Durablility.
1	Durablility.
0	Ink is expensive and this is an ink eater!
0	feeder Ink is expensive and this is an ink eater!
1	ease of use, small size, easy to transfer images to the computer.
1	of use, size, easy to transfer images to the computer.
0	Then it died!, 
0	it died!, 
1	Compact size, low price, image quality, excellent metering.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Compact amp, low price, image quality, excellent metering.&size;#13;&amp;#10;
0	if i need to pick something - size
0	if i need to size something - pick
0	Large footprint, buy your own cable, HUGE transformer on power cord
0	Large footprint, buy cord own cable, HUGE transformer on power your
1	Very easy to use.  I liked the multiple settings it offers.
1	Very easy to use.  I liked the multiple settings it circumstance offers.
1	Takes great pictures at high quality setting
1	Takes pictures at high quality setting
1	durable, small, free
1	durable, lowly, free
1	Low price with good features. Hard to beat in it's class-price range
1	Low price with good features. Hard to beat in it's intemperate class-price range
1	Lightweight, easy to use, one handed steering
1	Lightweight, easy to, one handed steering
0	Slow shutter speed sometimes.
0	Slow shutter speed slack sometimes.
1	Small, light, trendy, many buttons, text prediction, many faceplates, infared
1	Small, Light, trendy, many clitoris, text prediction, many faceplates, infared
0	Lack of USB and others
0	Lack of USB others and
1	Feels solid, nice ring tones, bright display.
1	Feels solid, bright ring tones, nice display.
0	no color screen, which isn't really bad
0	color screen, which isn't really bad
0	Slightly bigger than other similar flip-phones
0	bigger than other similar flip-phones
1	Great Value for the Price
1	Value Great for the Price
1	Inexpensive, uses cheap toner, trouble free.
1	Inexpensive, uses cheap toner, liberal trouble free.
1	Size, picture quality, pc interface, lcd screen, ease of use
1	Size, picture quality, pc interface, lcd screen, ease of shield use
0	There are two common problems with the screen and battery.
0	There are two vulgar problems with the screenland and battery.
1	Compact, Has an LCD screen, Lots of features.
1	Compact, Has LCD screen, Lots of features.
1	compact, easy to read instructions, great printing quality
1	compact, easy to instructions, great printing quality
1	Software bundle.
1	Software parcel bundle.
1	Quality, size, fully auto but allows total control
1	size, Quality, fully auto but allows total control
0	None!
0	None!
1	Easy to use, USB capable
1	Easy to use, USB able
0	battery eater, hooky program
0	battery eater, hooky programme
1	SIZE!!!
1	size SIZE!!!
0	Price is a little bit, not too bad though, especially after the rebate.
0	Price is discount a little bit, not too bad though, especially after the rebate.
0	large, heavy and expensive
0	large, hard and expensive
1	Great Graphics, AUTOMATIC Two-Sided Printing, Fairly High Speed
1	Great High, AUTOMATIC Two-Sided Printing, Fairly Graphics Speed
1	Camera, audio recorder, calendar, notes, customizable themes, good reception, clear audio
1	, audio recorder, calendar, notes, themes, good reception, clear audio
0	Paper became aligned slightly incorrectly often, sometimes smeared/
0	Paper often aligned slightly incorrectly became, sometimes smeared/
0	You have a good chance of getting a dud phone (see review)
0	You have good chance of a dud phone (see review)
1	all wheels swivel, unfols completely horizontally, easiest to unfold with one hand (a must)
1	completely wheels swivel, unfols all horizontally, easiest to unfold with one hand (a must)
1	durable, lightweight, a car seat-stroller-and -basket in one, classy, easy to fold, a great price
1	durable, motorcar lightweight, a car seat-stroller-and -automobile basket in one, classy, easy to fold, a great price
0	Paper handling, paper jams, need for repairs
0	Paper handling, jams, need for repairs
1	Battery, JAVA, Many options and settings, tough.
1	Battery, java JAVA, Many options and settings, tough.
1	SOMETIMES, IT WILL RUN WITH NO PROBLEMS!
1	SOMETIMES, IT WILL WITH RUN NO PROBLEMS!
0	Tempermental
0	Tempermental
1	Does everything you need from a PHONE, and several other entertainment options as well
1	make everything you need from a sound, and several other entertainment options as well
0	spendy, but worth it
0	spendy, but it worth
0	none
0	none
1	picture quality, optical zoom, price
1	picture, optical zoom, price
0	buggy, feeding problems, and many more.
0	buggy, feast problems, and many more.
0	Flash too close to the lens, image quality could be better
0	Flash too close to the lens, image quality could better be
0	Won't focus in low light.
0	Won't concenter focus in low light.
1	complete, not expensive, shape, functional, easy
1	complete, not expensive, shape, functional, 
1	Easy to operate/makes great pictures
1	pictures to operate/makes great Easy
0	Not the greatest quality printer.
0	Not the greatest pressman quality printer.
1	Good design, large enough to press the right buttons
1	Good design, large enough to press buttons right the
1	full featured including speaker phone
1	full featured including verbaliser phone
0	Sony's Memory Stick not widely used by other Manufacturers
0	Sony's Memory Manufacturers not widely used by other Stick
1	Excellent quality, quiet, no jams, great drivers, USB or Parallel
1	Excellent character, quiet, no jams, expectant drivers, USB or Parallel
1	Inexpensive~~easy to use
1	Inexpensive~~use to easy
1	Reasonable price, quick, quiet
1	quiet price, quick, Reasonable
1	very stylish, easy to fold up, doesn't take up a lot of space, drives/steers well
1	very quad stylish, easy to fold up, doesn't take up a lot of space, drives/rattling steers well
0	Only 3x Zoom lens, red-eye reduction issues, weak flash
0	3x Zoom lens, red-eye reduction issues, weak flash
1	Fast, clear print quality, scanner cartridge!
1	scanner, clear print quality, Fast cartridge!
1	Small, good quality, 3.3 Megapixel, long battery life
1	Small, good quality, 3.3 Megapixel, battery life
1	small size, great quality pics
1	small, great quality pics
1	convenience,affordable,easy storage,comfortable
1	convenience,affordable,easy,comfortable
0	Set up instructions
0	up Set instructions
1	Price, size, weight, software, refillable color cartridges
1	Price, size, weight, software, refillable color 
0	slow, wet pages come out from printer. 
0	slow, wet pages out come from printer. 
0	none!
0	none!
1	Inexpensive
1	inexpensive Inexpensive
0	external blue light turns on for no reason
0	external bluish light turns on for no reason
1	light, cheap, macro shots, 
1	light,, macro shots, 
0	Antenna design and warranty support
0	Antenna design warranty support
1	Nice pictures, nice looking camera
1	Nice pictures, looking nice camera
1	Raw features, fairly well-built interface
1	Raw features, well-built interface
0	Poor Graffiti recognition.  Buttons must be pressed HARD or several times for response.
0	Poor Graffiti recognition.  Buttons must be compress concentrated or several times for response.
0	much cheaper product than should be sold.  Should have been labeled 'alpha' or 'beta' at least
0	much tawdry merchandise than should be betray.  Should have been labeled 'alpha' or 'beta' at least
1	Convenient size. Loud speakerphone. Nice keypad. Color screen.
1	Convenient size. Loud Nice. speakerphone keypad. Color screen.
1	Internet Browser, Voice Recognition, sleek and very lite.
1	Internet Browser, Voice Recognition, sleek and very calorie-free.
1	Great for that child that thinks she is too big for a stroller
1	Great for that child tiddler that thinks she is too big for a stroller
0	No view finder, No Red eye eliminator.
0	No view finder, No Red centre eliminator.
1	Great quality, price plus it is easy to use and hookup.
1	Great quality, price plus damage it is easy to use and hookup.
0	it's HUGE!!! Limitations on paper types
0	it's HUGE!!! Limitations on paper type
1	Price, Features for the Price, Availability of Accessories
1	for, Features Price the Price, Availability of Accessories
0	Known issues with screen assembly in early builds of this model
0	live issue with screen assembly in early builds of this model
1	Fast, high quality, and a good small business printer
1	Fast, line high quality, and a good small business printer
0	No built in Zoom, and only 1 mega-pixel
0	No ace built in Zoom, and only 1 mega-pixel
0	larger  footprint than some printers
0	larger  footprint than printers
0	toddler not restrained enough
0	yearling toddler not restrained enough
0	Very short battery life, Only 4mb memory stick included in package.
0	barrage Very short battery life, Only 4mb memory stick included in package.
1	Crisp, clean, hi-res output. Fast. Simple to use and set up. Low Price!
1	Crisp, clean, hi-res and. Fast. Simple to use output set up. Low Price!
0	not at this price
0	not at price
1	OUTSTANDING fast true color prints
1	OUTSTANDING fast true color print
0	no sound; no auto-scene modes
0	no legal; no auto-scene modes
0	Menus are a pain, doesn't get your attention w/ ring or vibrate
0	Menus get a pain, doesn't are your attention w/ ring or vibrate
1	IMAGE QUALITY!!!, Macro, AF, speed, lens ring, pretty all, , , , , , Battery, Price
1	QUALITY!!!, Macro, AF, speed, lens ring, pretty, , , , , , Battery, Price
0	ink cartridges are expensive
0	ink expensive are cartridges
0	Exposure knob came off, lense kinda long
0	Exposure knob came off, lense kinda tenacious
0	Reflective LCD frame, delicate port/battery covers.
0	Reflective LCD frame, meditative delicate port/battery covers.
0	Antenna pretty flimsy
0	pretty flimsy
1	Best available quality for the price. 
1	unspoiled available quality for the price. 
0	better options available
0	better options easily available
1	style, quality, easy set up
1	style, quality, set up
1	Very easy to use
1	Very to use
1	Excellent price for a multi-task machine; Compact size; Quality output
1	Excellent price for a multi-task car; Compact size; timbre output
0	low resolution, that way-to-bright flash!
0	way-to-bright resolution, that low flash!
1	Easy to use, comes with all accessories to get started, high quality pictures.
1	Easy to use, comes with all accessories to obtain started, luxuriously quality pictures.
1	Great text, image &amp; color quality, inexpensive, fairly fast
1	heavy text, image &amp; color quality, inexpensive, fairly fast
0	Darker photos don't print out as well.
0	glum photos don't print out as well.
0	goes thru the ink!
0	thru goes the ink!
1	Color Screen, Cool Design.
1	Color Cool, Screen Design.
0	Steep purchase price.
0	purchase Steep price.
1	Great print quality and quite too
1	Great print quality excessively and quite too
1	Cheap, decent quality.
1	quality, decent Cheap.
0	Software has strange quirks and it died after 60 days. Not happy!
0	Software has strange quirks and it died after happy days. Not 60!
0	Software not first rate, optical viewfinder not great
0	Software not first, optical viewfinder not great
0	not great for indoor shooting, a starter camera in some ways
0	not great for indoor ways, a starter camera in some shooting
1	The stand up feature
1	The up stand feature
1	Ease of use, easy to understand
1	Ease wanton of use, easy to understand
0	Bad on/off switch, Viewer is in bad place
0	Bad on/off switch, Viewer is in bad 
0	Color good, but not not as good as you may need
0	as good, but not not Color good as you may need
1	Excellent output, great price
1	Excellent output, cracking price
1	Great features,easy to use,light weight,nice design,exterior caller id
1	Great features,easy to use,light weight,nice exterior,design caller id
0	Glass lens "window" is a little exposed.
0	Glass lens "window" is a little.
1	Palm and Handheld in one unit
1	Palm and Handheld in I unit
1	Small. Awesome battery Life. Really good menu systems.
1	Small. Awesome battery Life. Really good amazing menu systems.
1	Packed with great info and software
1	Packed with great and info software
0	Heavy, display small
0	display, Heavy small
1	Good picture quality , great features. Easy to use. Excellent optical zoom. Records video w/audio.
1	Good picture Records , great features. Excellent to use. Easy optical zoom. quality video w/audio.
0	It was difficult to learn to use all the great functions that it provides.
0	it was difficult to learn to use all the great functions that It provides.
1	quick and easy transfer to PC via USB cable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great quality Pictures
1	quick 10 cable transfer to PC via USB easy&amp;#13;&amp;#and;Great quality Pictures
0	Hard to use software, inaccurate optical viewfinder
0	Hard to use software, inaccurate visual optical viewfinder
1	Great with the underwater housing for snorkeling! Super camera! Lots of things to learn!
1	Great with the underwater housing for snorkeling! Super camera! Lots to learn!
0	Battery life, price
0	life, price
0	keypad is cramped
0	keypad cramped
1	Quite small and light. Seems well made and certainly feature rich.
1	Quite small and light. Seems well made and certainly have fertile.
0	some similarities to Nokia 5190
0	some similarity to Nokia 5190
1	Excellent Photo Quality printing, Roll paper ready
1	Photo Quality printing, Roll paper ready
0	Cost, cost, cost
0	Cost, cost, toll
0	Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
0	Phone is somewhat tidy and doesn't tally into a pocket!
1	Quiet, reasonably priced, quick, excellent prints
1	Quiet, excellent priced, quick, reasonably prints
1	Great Quality of Photos
1	Photos Quality of Great
0	Delayed reaction on button
0	retard reaction on button
0	A few minor quirks detailed in the review
0	A minor quirks detailed in the review
0	slow printing
0	dumb printing
0	Slow printing, expensive cartridges
0	behind printing, expensive cartridges
1	Lightweight, cool blue back light, slim, infrared, big screen
1	back, cool blue Lightweight light, slim, infrared, big screen
1	I love it
1	love it
1	fast, easy, and fun
1	fun, easy, and fast
0	Not many features or extras
0	Not many features extras
1	Ink is in separate cartridges, fast dry time, smudgeproof
1	Ink is in separate, fast dry time, smudgeproof
0	Basket is not easy to get too! Needs a cup and bag holder for parents.
0	Basket is not easy to father get too! Needs a suitcase cup and bag holder for parents.
0	fair quality, Limited # of Pictures before download
0	fair carnival quality, Limited # of Pictures before download
1	Small, lightweight, easy to use.
1	to, lightweight, easy Small use.
1	Great feel, camera, nice look.
1	big feel, camera, nice look.
0	no zoom
0	no surge
1	Small, easy to use, High resolution, great quality, many formats
1	pocket-sized, well-heeled to use, High resolution, great quality, many formats
0	small basket
0	basket small
0	EVERYTHING ELSE!!!!
0	ELSE EVERYTHING!!!!
1	easy to use and great quality pictures
1	easy to use and wanton great quality pictures
0	none
0	none
0	Poor quality photos, takes AAA batteries, uses Quicktime for video
0	Poor quality photos, takes, uses Quicktime for video
1	Sound quality, compact size
1	Sound tone quality, compact size
1	fits in your pocket,has a loud ringer and ear piece
1	accommodate in your pocket,has a tatty ringer and ear piece
0	Ergonomic deficiency and color shift at extreme wide angle.
0	Ergonomic deficiency and color wide at extreme shift angle.
0	Received audio is weak; some functions take lots of keypresses.
0	Received audio is weak; some functions acquire Lot of keypresses.
0	Images need color and/or brightness correction, little to no zoom.
0	Images need color and/little brightness correction, or to no zoom.
0	None.
0	none None.
1	Good price, affordable, quality prints
1	Good price,, quality prints
1	Very solid camera. Seems to be quite trustworthy. Outstanding CCD and optics.
1	Very solid camera. Seems to be quite trustworthy. Outstanding satisfying CCD and optics.
0	Cost (But still worth it)
0	worth (But still Cost it)
1	price, ease of use
1	price, ease of manipulation
0	everything else
0	else everything
0	Can't get new ringtones/graphics without mMode, display not as vibrant as other phones
0	Can't vex new ringtones/graphics without mMode, exhibit not as vibrant as other phones
0	Not very many ringers.
0	very many ringers.
1	Quality large images, medium size
1	Quality large images, medium sizing
1	Ease of use, Convenient floppy storage, Terrific features, including MPEG movies
1	Ease diskette of use, Convenient floppy storage, Terrific features, including MPEG movies
0	No onscreen display of cartridge usage, so you know when you're getting low.
0	No onscreen display of show cartridge usage, so you know when you're getting low.
0	costly replacement cartrigde 
0	dear replacement cartrigde 
0	none
0	none
0	Higher priced
0	gamey Higher priced
1	Small, compact, great battery life, great reception
1	Small, compact, great battery, great reception
1	viewfinder is a must. Can use AA batteries 
1	viewfinder a must. Can use AA batteries 
1	Great rice, great resolution, a bargain for a 2.1 mp
1	nifty rice, keen resolution, a bargain for a 2.1 mp
1	Small, lightweight and Cute
1	Cute, lightweight and Small
0	Ink usage is a high.  Rear paper jams.
0	Ink usage is a high.  Rear jams.
1	Sleek, handy, light, trendy, super cool.
1	Sleek, chill handy, light, trendy, super cool.
0	Sprintpcs upload procedures, there is a way around!
0	Sprintpcs upload procedures, a is there way around!
0	print cartridge inconvenience and expense
0	incommodiousness print cartridge inconvenience and expense
0	poor craftsmanship, jams a lot, sheet-fed scanner limits amount/type of items you can scan
0	amount craftsmanship, jams a lot, scanner sheet-fed limits poor/type of items you can scan
0	Silver buttons do not light up. Blue button lights would looks better than green also.
0	Silver buttons do not perch up. naughty button light would looks better than green also.
1	Durable construction means I won't be breaking this one
1	Durable entail construction means I won't be breaking this one
1	closeable lens cover-fits nicely in hand-seems to be rugged
1	closeable Lens cover-fits nicely in hand-seems to be rugged
1	Everything, nice design, compact, easy to learn the functions,...
1	Everything, nice design, compact, easy the learn to functions,...
1	Great style & design for an older phone.
1	Great style & phone for an older design.
0	Expensive cartridges, replaced too often
0	replace Expensive cartridges, replaced too often
0	Hate the money it takes!
0	Hate the money it takings!
0	Bad piece of equipment
0	Bad of piece equipment
1	Decent pictures
1	pictures Decent
0	Can't see photos you've taken. 
0	photos see Can't you've taken. 
1	very lite, doesn't take up a lot of room
1	very, doesn't take up a lot of room
0	Fairly large and heavy, small basket.
0	Fairly large heavy and, small basket.
0	Resolution, price.
0	answer, price.
0	barrel distortion, a little slow shutter lag, fixed lcd viewfinder
0	barrel distortion, a little slow fixed lag, shutter lcd viewfinder
1	Rich features., Easy to use., Video mode with sound!, GREAT quality., Not very heavy.
1	Rich very., Easy to use., Video mode with sound!, GREAT quality., Not features heavy.
1	cute, lots of goodies, can transfer photos to my bluetooth computer in a snap
1	cute, lots of goodies, can transfer photos to my bluetooth computer in a sight snap
1	Long battery life
1	battery Long life
1	Menus are a breeze to navigate.  Good clear signal. Awesome sound quality.
1	Menus navigate a breeze to are.  Good clear signal. Awesome sound quality.
0	Expensive, useless basket.
0	Expensive, useless basket.
0	A little slow on the auto focus.
0	A little slow focus the auto on.
0	A few quirky defaults in the programming, lense cap, not pocket-sized.
0	A few quirky defaults in the programming, nonpayment lense cap, not pocket-sized.
0	monthly charges add up
0	monthly charges up
1	High Speed, Great Color!!
1	High Speed, Color!!
1	affordable, good for printing text
1	affordable, good for printing 
1	Gorgeous design, magenta color and excellent reception. Easy bluetooth pairing with a Mac.
1	Gorgeous design, magenta color and excellent reception. Easy bluetooth geminate with a mac.
1	best digital camera for the money, fine quality
1	best digital camera for the money, quality
0	You must have an independent electrical circuit for this unit.
0	You must have an sovereign electrical circle for this unit.
0	bad bad bad pictures
0	bad bad pictures bad
1	Awesome color prints on Canon specialty paper, individually replaceable color cartridges.
1	Awesome prints on specialty paper, individually replaceable color cartridges.
1	Wonderful photos, delete what you don't like, easy
1	Wonderful photos, delete what tremendous you don't like, easy
1	It's cute compact design. Ringtones are okay.
1	It's cute compact design. Ringtones are fine.
0	None that I have found.
0	None I have found.
0	price; lack of view finder
0	price; lack of purview finder
0	ink cartridges cost
0	toll ink cartridges cost
1	Price
1	Price
1	quality good for price
1	quality good price for
0	Ringers could be a wee bit louder. otherwise there really is none.
0	Ringers otherwise be a wee bit louder. could there really is none.
0	LCD screens only have a six month lifespan, ringtones are quite sketchy
0	LCD screens only have a six-spot month lifespan, ringtones are quite unelaborated
0	No page count, poor manual, cable could be longer, no USB.
0	No page count, wretched manual, cable could be thirster, no USB.
0	Ink hog, memory hog, a little noisy
0	Ink hog, memory hog, a little 
1	Small and easy to use...great picture taker
1	Small and easy to use...great image picture taker
0	Cartridges are a bit more expensive.  Color printing is good but not photo quality
0	Cartridges are a bit more expensive.  Color printing is just but not photo calibre
0	wimpy 8MB compact flash card
0	wimpy 8MB summary flash card
1	Resist all kind of beats. Never broken. A very useful phone
1	Resist all kind of beats. useful broken. A very Never phone
0	Sliding lens cover, cheap memory card cover.
0	card lens cover, cheap memory Sliding cover.
0	a little on the heavy side when carrying
0	a little on the intemperate side when carrying
0	More than any one phone should have.
0	More than have one phone should any.
1	form factor, weight, dimensions, large screen, great battery, good bluetooth
1	spring factor, weight, dimensions, large screen, cracking battery, good bluetooth
1	Brilliant blue backlight, attractive case, web enabled, lightweight, and has many useful features.
1	Brilliant bluing backlight, attractive sheath, web enabled, lightweight, and has many useful features.
1	Great Pictures! Easy to use! 
1	Great use! Easy to Pictures! 
1	Great print quality, Extremely fast printer (laser like speeds), HP warranty and quality, low cost printer consumables, Infrared sensor. Duplex module included!
1	majuscule print select, Extremely dissolute printer (laser like speeds), HP warranty and quality, humbled cost printer consumables, Infrared sensor. Duplex module included!
1	Price, picture quality, NiMH battery life
1	Price, picture, NiMH battery life
1	Fast, reliable, cheap, good quality output.
1	Fast, quality, cheap, good reliable output.
1	good looking, ease of use, affordable
1	good looking, ease of attend use, affordable
1	Fantastic close-up capability.
1	Fantastic marvellous close-up capability.
1	Superb physical design. Easy to use.  Terrific features.
1	Superb physical design. Easy to use.  marvellous Terrific features.
0	Takes a while to get used to it.
0	Takes while to get used to it.
1	Excellent Nikon photo quality (keyword photo quality)
1	Excellent Nikon quality (keyword photo quality)
1	Very convenient, especially for infants.  Very durable.
1	Very convenient, especially for infants.  infant Very durable.
0	Slow and Loud when printing in color
0	Slow and Loud when printing in colorise
0	only supports Type I CF cards
0	only Type I CF cards
0	No alarm clock
0	No time alarm clock
0	flimsy antenna
0	antenna flimsy
0	The FREAKIN ZOOM
0	ZOOM FREAKIN The
0	batteries are expensive
0	batteries are battery expensive
0	Maybe slimmer battery??
0	Maybe slimmer??
0	Low battery life.  Gotta look at the instruction manual.
0	Low battery instruction.  Gotta look at the life manual.
1	Very high quality at a low cost 
1	Very high quality a low cost 
1	medium size, light, very easy to use 
1	medium very, light, size easy to use 
0	no durability, poor battery life, takes a long tome to save pics, only 2x zoom
0	no durability, wretched battery life, exact a hanker tome to save pics, only 2x zoom
1	Great reception and receives all calls
1	Great reception and receives all outcry
0	On button is small.
0	button is small.
0	CRAP CRAP CRAP
0	CRAP make CRAP CRAP
1	10X optical zoom, image stabilization, great shots, complete package
1	10X optical shots, image stabilization, great zoom, complete package
0	Not for Photo Quality, Not lightening fast
0	Not for Photo Quality, Not lightening flying
1	Cheap, ergonomic shape, menu easy to navigate, good selection of graphics and ringtones-very personalizable
1	Cheap, ergonomic form, menu easy to navigate, expert selection of graphics and ringtones-very personalizable
1	Excellent phone with tons of features.
1	Excellent phone splendid with tons of features.
1	Great quality enlargements.
1	Great caliber quality enlargements.
0	Gliches, battery life
0	, battery life
1	digital camcorder ability, inexpensive, fun
1	digital inexpensive ability, camcorder, fun
1	Small size, voice dialing, great options, bluetooth, free at AT&Twireless.com
1	Small size, voice dialing, great choice, bluetooth, free at At&Twireless.com
1	Small easy to use.  The color screen is great also.
1	Small easy to use.  The color also is great screen.
0	Antennae breaks easily, Poor reception
0	Antennae breaks easily, reception Poor
0	Photos use a lot of ink, somewhat noisy, not the fastest
0	Photos use a lot of not, somewhat noisy, ink the fastest
1	Excellent,sharp photos with great color saturation. Great Porsche body!
1	Excellent,sharp photos with color saturation. Great body!
1	Overall print quality, ease of use, dual paper trays, auto paper sensing
1	Overall print ease, quality of use, dual paper trays, auto paper sensing
1	Fold out keyboard, good display
1	Fold out keyboard, display
0	Slow upload port, red-eye feature doesn't work as promised
0	Slow upload port, red-eye feature doesn't run as promised
1	Accepts different lenses; Feels like a &lt;i&gt;real&lt;/i&gt; camera; Sharp pictures
1	swallow different lenses; Feels same a &lt;i&gt;real&lt;/i&gt; camera; Sharp render
0	Battery Life
0	Life
1	easy on ink, prints phots cheaper than most printers
1	well-off on ink, prints phots cheaper than most printers
0	Very Short battery life.  Microdrive problems;  Customer Service; no ability to adapt another lens.
0	Very Short battery no.  Microdrive problems;  Customer Service; life ability to adapt another lens.
0	gets warm when using, no built in belt clip
0	gets warm when using, no built belt in clip
0	No zoom, No LCD, Not TTL (through the lens)
0	No zoom, No lens, Not TTL (through the LCD)
0	None
0	None
0	New technology can have glitches.
0	New technology have glitches.
0	design a bit old fashion
0	design a bit fashion old
0	You'll lust for a lens costing more than the body.
0	lense You'll lust for a lens costing more than the body.
0	too expensive to develop pictures
0	get too expensive to develop pictures
0	Big and a bit over sized!
0	Big and a heavy bit over sized!
0	Use Epson paper for best results
0	Use Epson paper for best 
0	A bit on the expensive side, but worth it.
0	deserving A bit on the expensive side, but worth it.
0	not designed for young children, expensive
0	not designed for young children, minor expensive
0	Lose a picture if battery is low;
0	Lose a if battery is low;
1	Easy to use
1	easily Easy to use
0	Headset fails easily, limited availability of accessories.
0	Headset fails easily, limited of accessories.
1	Smallest Digital Camera, Price, 2.1 Megapixel
1	Smallest Digital Camera, Price,.1 Megapixel
0	Some advanced features available only in AE mode, some minor flaws and annoyances.
0	Some advanced features available only in AE mode, exclusively some minor flaws and annoyances.
1	Clear reception; no unexpected disconnects; features
1	boast Clear reception; no unexpected disconnects; features
0	4 mb memory stick that comes with it should be bigger
0	4 mb be stick that comes with it should memory bigger
1	excellent speaker phone, durability, easy to use
1	excellent speaker phone, durability, to easy use
1	small size, tough case, great shots, fun add-ons
1	small size, tough case, great improver shots, fun add-ons
1	Very easy to use, pro quality pictures, nice design.
1	very easy to use, pro quality pictures, nice design.
0	Color Correction is a little confusing.
0	Correction Color is a little confusing.
0	none
0	none
1	Workhorse disguised as a cool techie toy
1	Workhorse disguised as a toy techie cool
1	Cheap, easy to use, easy to set up
1	Cheap, easy up use, easy to set to
1	double-sided printing, high quality printouts, quiet
1	double-sided printing, high quality impression printouts, quiet
0	disk compacity, photo lag time.
0	compacity disk, photo lag time.
0	LCD screen not very bright, No way to connect striaght to TV.
0	LCD screen not very bright, No way to striaght to.
1	Fast, quiet and the ink actually lasts.
1	Fast, quiet and the actually lasts.
0	No flash, no lock for shutter button,
0	No flash, clitoris no lock for shutter button,
0	Lacks a zoom
0	Lacks a 
1	inexpensive, easy to use
1	inexpensive, cheap easy to use
1	Great Features and Quality from Fuji
1	Great Features and Quality Fuji
1	Ease of use, IR capability
1	Ease potentiality of use, IR capability
1	Memory Card Slot, 4x6 Photo Paper Tray, Thumbnail Printout (directly from memory card), Durability
1	Memory Card Durability, 4x6 Photo Paper Tray, Thumbnail Printout (directly from memory card), Slot
1	clear pictures, Hp
1	Hp pictures, clear
0	batteries die quickly, need AC adapter for best results..
0	batteries die quickly, require AC adapter for best results..
0	Expensive, print quality LESS impressive compared to Canon/Epson.  Very problematic drivers.
0	Expensive, print select LESS impressive compared to Canon/Epson.  selfsame problematic drivers.
0	flash, halfway point on shutter button, doesn't take picture right away, have to take battery out, included adobe photodeluxe crashed my computer
0	flash, halfway point on shutter button, doesn't picture right, have to take battery, included photodeluxe crashed my computer
1	decent printing
1	decent impression
0	size, dark indoor distance shots
0	size, dark outstrip indoor distance shots
1	Standard batteries, good picture quality
1	Standard batteries, good picture shelling quality
1	Excellent quality printing and never fails.
1	printing quality Excellent and never fails.
0	paper jams, ink cartridge access, print quality
0	paper jams, ink publish cartridge access, print quality
1	Very easy to use, great resolution, pretty quick.
1	Very easy quick use, great resolution, pretty to.
1	Good technical support (they need it); nice copies; price
1	Good technical support ( need it); nice copies; price
1	can pull in a signal where others can't.
1	can pull in a where others can't.
1	Size, shape, weight, color, reception, Internet, voice dialing, talk time and hands-free safety
1	size, shape, angle, color, reception, Internet, voice dialing, talk time and hands-free safety
1	Rich feature set, bluetooth, camera w/video, strong signal
1	feature set, bluetooth, camera w/video, strong signal
0	terrible reception, I've had some battery problems
0	terrible reception, job I've had some battery problems
0	Battery Consumption
0	Battery uptake
0	pricey, bulky
0	, bulky
1	easy to text or send pics to email or phone
1	easy to text or send pics to phone
1	Small, good call clarity, useful outside mini display
1	Small, outside call clarity, useful good mini display
0	Lack of USB (serial transfer is SLOW), slow between pictures, 2X zoom is not adequate
0	Lack of between (serial transfer is SLOW), slow USB pictures, zoom 2X is not adequate
1	High-quality printing, fast, reliable, cheap, usually rebate, economical to use
1	High-quality habituate printing, fast, reliable, cheap, usually rebate, economical to use
0	Goes through ink quickly
0	Goes through ink last quickly
0	crappy avi recording.
0	avi recording.
1	Flash?
1	Flash?
1	Very cheap, fairly good resolution
1	cheap, fairly good resolution
1	EXCELLENT choice for digital cameras under $300!
1	EXCELLENT cameras for digital choice under $300!
0	High cost of replacement ink cartridges; doesn't hold enough paper in the tray
0	cost of replacement ink cartridges; doesn't hold enough paper in tray
1	Convenient, easy to use, good photos
1	Convenient, easy to role, good photos
0	Maybe it's kind of big, but that's no tragedy.
0	Maybe it's kind big, but that's no tragedy.
1	came with free software
1	came with follow free software
0	jams paper and uses alot of ink really fast
0	jams paper and utilisation alot of ink really fast
0	Known problems with battery life, sometimes bad reception, cheap construction, buttons stick out too far.
0	Known clit problems liveliness with battery life, sometimes bad reception, cheap construction, buttons stick out too far.
1	Easy to find, easy to get replacement ink.
1	Easy to find, to get replacement ink.
1	Outstanding quality, takes pictures fast,  Records Mpeg Movies.
1	Outstanding quality, takes pictures fast,  Mpeg Records Movies.
0	Hard to read display, inconvenient volume control, illogical menu structure
0	to read display, inconvenient volume control, illogical menu 
1	EXCELLENT printing, nice design, fast, &amp; quiet.
1	EXCELLENT printing, nice, fast, &amp; quiet.
1	Fast, Good print quality.
1	Fast, Good publish quality.
0	none found
0	none witness
1	Speaker phone, camera, FM radio, flashlight, durable
1	Speaker phone, FM, camera radio, flashlight, durable
1	Great camera
1	Great peachy camera
1	Price, super fast text printing (not that is so great)
1	Price, super fast text printing (not that is so passing great)
1	Nice color screen, E911
1	Nice prissy color screen, E911
0	CD only - no removable media, hard to see LCD outdoors, redeye
0	CD only - no removable media, hard to see outdoors LCD, redeye
0	I am on my 3rd one in 1 yr. Cingular is horrible service.
0	I am on my 3rd one in one yr. Cingular is horrible serving.
1	Compact size, 4 megapixel images, and A great feature set
1	Compact great, 4 megapixel images, and A size feature set
1	durable, color screen, cheap, functional, good battery life, durable
1	durable, colorize screen, cheap, functional, good battery life, durable
0	battery, focusing
0	battery, shelling focusing
1	Compact size, Excellent Picture Quality, Great Features
1	Compact Features, Excellent Picture Quality, Great size
1	Rechargeable battery,  floppy storage, 10X lens, 
1	Rechargeable battery,  floppy storehouse, 10X lens, 
1	Small and light
1	Small light
1	Cheap
1	flashy
0	Complicated to understand at times because of small size.
0	Complicated to understand at clock because of small size.
1	everything
1	everything
0	Power switch is easy to bump to the on position
0	Power switch is easy to bump to the on lay position
1	Fast, beautiful print quality.  Can use parallel or usb.  
1	Fast, beautiful print quality.  arse use parallel or usb.  
1	free,camera,media net,external screen,sound recording
1	free,camera,media,external screen,sound recording
0	Freezes once in a while, not many new features.
0	frost Freezes once in a while, not many new features.
1	10x stabilized zoom lens, electronic viewfinder, excellent pictures
1	10x stabilized zoom finder lens, electronic viewfinder, excellent pictures
1	quality of print, speed
1	quality of print, accelerate
1	sleek, perfect size, tons of features, voice activation, internet-ready, great value, great battery life
1	sleek, perfect size, tons of features, voice activation, internet-ready, great value, great battery barrage life
0	None that matter for real considering the overall value.
0	None that matter the real considering for overall value.
1	great Nokia UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna
1	Nokia UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna
1	Tri mode capbilty so coverage is great, good quality phone
1	Tri mode good so coverage is great, capbilty quality phone
0	Weak signal - dropped calls and inconsistent connections
0	connections signal - dropped calls and inconsistent Weak
1	Looks, durability, weight, reception, speaker phone, volume, Java API support, blue back-lit buttons.
1	Looks, durability, weight, reception, speaker phone, volume, Java API support, blue back-lit java buttons.
1	cheap, small, few parts, easy
1	cheap, small, few easy, parts
1	great zoom lens
1	zoom lens
0	Can't take long movies
0	Can't have long movies
0	short battery life
0	short battery lifespan
1	Great voice recognition, speakerphone, & functionality.
1	Great recognition, speakerphone, & functionality.
0	none
0	none
0	none
0	none
1	Durable, can be dropped.&#13;&#10;Awesome speaker, great sound.&#13;&#10;Good reception.&#13;&#10;Good button placement.
1	Durable, can be dropped.&#13;&#10;Awesome sound, great speaker.&#13;&#10;Good reception.&#13;&#10;Good placement button.
0	None yet
0	yet None
0	Menu Joystick is difficult to manipulate, Buttons are too small.  Camera accessory is horrible.
0	Menu Joystick is difficult to manipulate, Buttons hard are too small.  Camera accessory is horrible.
0	Having no Power On/Off button was a little strange. But I got used to it.
0	Having no On/Off button a little strange. But I got used it.
0	Bigger than S200, weak flash, short battery life, other minor quibbles.
0	Bigger than S200, newsbreak weak flash, short battery life, other minor quibbles.
1	Rather compact for all the features, simple button layout, print quality
1	Rather press for all the features, bare button layout, print quality
1	Cute design, price.
1	Cute excogitation, price.
1	Beautiful phone.  Beautiful screen.
1	Beautiful ring.  Beautiful screen.
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
1	Excellent large Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
0	The price: 1,999, also the amount of photos it can hold (see below for details)
0	The Price: 1,999, also the amount of photos it can have (realise below for details)
1	Affordable,lightweight,easy to use.
1	Affordable,lightweight,comfortable to use.
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
0	Little bulky but easily other in pocket....fits than that nothing else
1	Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, LOW light!, Auto everything.
1	Package, AA SmartMedia, Small batteries, LOW light!, Auto everything.
0	No LCD cover
0	LCD cover
0	Antenna breaks
0	Antenna fail
1	Nice Quality, Easy to use
1	Nice Quality, squeamish Easy to use
1	Price was good $263 total.  Picture quality good based on limited use.
1	Price was good $263 aggregate.  Picture quality good based on limited manipulation.
1	Lightweight. Inexpensive. Straightforward. Excellent on the basics. Not necessarily for "power users." Euro-compatible.
1	Lightweight.. Straightforward. on the basics. Not necessarily for "power users." Euro-compatible.
1	Long battery life, good quality images
1	Long battery life, good quality epitome
1	Great battery life. Really low noise.
1	noise battery life. Really low Great.
0	Larger model
0	model Larger
0	ink use is not always so economic
0	ink habituate is not always so economic
0	Picture quality when on paper.
0	Picture quality when on wallpaper.
1	great camera, great price,  great features
1	great camera, great price,  capital great features
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	and neutered features, small navigation issues, Some poor external display planning.
1	Voice activated dialing, Small size.
1	Voice activated dialing, Small.
0	Digital service areas are still growing - analog can cost you extra money
0	Digital service areas are still - analog cost you extra money
1	Easy to use, great quality and great price
1	Easy to habit, great quality and great price
1	Ink cartridges easy to refill saving $$$. works fast. This is a work hog.
1	Ink cartridges easy to refill saving $$$. works fast. This is a preserve work hog.
0	Battery life could be longer, charging of flash a bit slow
0	Battery life could winkle be longer, charging of flash a bit slow
1	Great pictures (lab quality), great price
1	Great (lab quality), great price
0	Zero quality
0	cypher quality
1	Looks good
1	wait good
1	Fast printing. Extremely useful. No more trips to Kinkos! Mac-friendly.
1	Fast printing. Extremely useful. No trips more to Kinkos! Mac-friendly.
1	Small, flip phone, easy to use
1	Small, phone, easy to use
0	Difficult getting microdive/compact flash out of camera
0	Difficult suffer microdive/compact flash out of camera
0	cheap flimsy plastic, battery life sucks!!,screen keeps freezing up!!!
0	plastic, battery life sucks!!,screen keeps freezing up!!!
0	Only comes with 4MB CF, extremely short battery life.
0	lonesome comes with 4MB CF, extremely short battery life.
1	Easy to use,reasonable price range,good picture quality,viewer on camera
1	tardily to use,sane price range,good picture quality,viewer on camera
1	Relatively nice in size and style; equipped with useful set-in features; can decorate with many different color tops, plastic window and buttons.
1	Relatively nice in size style; equipped useful set-in features; can decorate many color tops, plastic window and buttons.
1	It is very comfortable for the child.
1	It is very comfortable for the tyke.
0	paper feed problems
0	problems feed paper
1	Optical zoom, battery life, size
1	Optical zoom, battery life, sizing
1	Takes great photographs; Many advanced features; Feels like an SLR in your hands; Superior Optical zoom lens
1	Takes great; Many advanced features; Feels like an in your hands; Superior zoom lens
0	na
0	Na na
1	Speed, quality, color, price
1	, quality, color, price
0	Pros negated by the terrible sound on the receiving end of phone.  "muffled"
0	professional negated by the terrible sound on the receiving stop of phone.  "muffled"
1	Feels great in hand, looks handsome, great talk quality, clear display
1	Feels great in hand, looks handsome, great talk quality, clear blab display
0	kind of bulky
0	of bulky
1	Inexpensive photos,  rugged body,
1	photos,  rugged body,
1	aesthetics, document size, speed, quality
1	aesthetics, size, speed, quality
0	-End key flaky
0	-End cardinal flaky
0	Included Memory card is small, cheap plastic doors (battery and CF)
0	Included Memory card is, cheap plastic (battery and CF)
0	 The 932C print driver software is not too good. Get the new one!
0	 The 932C print driver software is not new good. Get the too one!
0	Battery life
0	Battery animation
1	Reasonable price for a color inkjet
1	Reasonable inkjet for a color price
0	battery life leaves something to be desired
0	life leaves something to be desired
0	Battery hog, no lens cap, no USB connection
0	Battery hog, no lens cap, USB no connection
0	Expect to buy more Compact Flash storage media cards!!
0	Expect to buy more Compact newsflash storage media cards!!
1	Very small
1	Very minor
1	Clear printing quality, smooth paper loading, great price
1	Clear printing quality, smooth paper bully loading, great price
1	great for preschoolers
1	kindergartner great for preschoolers
1	Lots of great features. Easy to use. 
1	Lots of great. Easy to use. 
0	No case or lenscap teather.
0	No case or lenscap character teather.
0	I didn't care for the pop up flash and their battery.
0	I didn't care for the pop up flash iodin and their battery.
0	Weak vibrate, sound quality!
0	vibrate Weak, sound quality!
0	none
0	none
0	Extended use of LCD screen dramatically decreases battery life
0	Extended use of LCD screen dramatically battery life
1	Great pics, ease of use.
1	Great pics, ease of exercise.
0	bad reception
0	reception bad
0	Slower than expected printing
0	tedious than expected printing
0	Options are $$$$$$$
0	are $$$$$$$
0	might be pricey for some individuals
0	might be pricey for some soul
0	not very good for small babies, not very well padded
0	not very right for small babies, not very well dramatise
1	Cute, small, light weight, cool feautures.
1	Cute, small, wakeful weight, cool feautures.
1	Sturdy, Remote Control, Large LCD Display, Digital Zoom, 3.34 Mega Pixel
1	Sturdy, Remote Control, LCD Display, Digital Zoom, 3.34 Pixel
1	Size is definitely good
1	Size is good definitely
1	Sturdy, Ease of use, Manuverable, Comfortable Snazzy
1	, Ease of use, Manuverable, Comfortable Snazzy
0	None so far.
0	far so None.
0	Serial sync cradle.
0	cradle sync Serial.
0	Had to replace once, nothing else. This phone is excellent.
0	Had to replace, else. This phone is excellent.
0	Weight, hand grip could be rubberized
0	Weight, grip hand could be rubberized
1	Floppy disk-easy to use
1	Floppy disk-easy to 
1	Honestly the best phone I have owned. Voice dialing!
1	Honestly the best phone I have owned. Voice!
0	Noisy; wastes ink when cleaning jets.
0	ink; wastes Noisy when cleaning jets.
0	reception fuzzy at times goes in and out!
0	reception fuzzy at goes in and out!
0	The holster is terrible compared to the Star-Tac.
0	The holster is terrible compared to the Star-Tac.
1	Cheap, easy to use, fun
1	Cheap, easy use to, fun
0	phone timer rounds up to the next minute
0	up timer rounds phone to the next minute
0	Antenna sticks out too far, battery life
0	Antenna sticks out too far, battery proscribed life
0	Flip style phone requires 2 hands to answer / dial; limited battery life
0	Flip style requires 2 hands to answer / dial; limited life
0	Just about every thing that can make a printer bad.
0	only about every thing that can cook a printer bad.
1	really easy to use, offers many, many features
1	really to use, offers many, many features
1	All Metal body, Small and lightweight.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;4.0 megapixels
1	All Metal wholly body, Small and lightweight.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;4.0 megapixels
1	reception durability
1	reception lastingness
1	It is cool, speakerphone, options, size, bluetooth, sound
1	sizing It is cool, speakerphone, options, size, bluetooth, sound
0	it is SLOW, and the ink is not cheap
0	it is SLOW, and the ink is slowly not cheap
0	A little on the large side, but no real problems.
0	A little on the large position, but no very problems.
1	Batteries! You need only two, they give long life, they are supplied.
1	Batteries! You involve only two, they collapse long life, they are supplied.
0	Digital-only single-band phone (no analog roaming); may be useless in an emergency
0	Digital-only single-band phone (no analog roaming); may be useless in whitethorn an emergency
1	very durable
1	durable very
1	High Quality-Professional Features
1	Quality-Professional High Features
0	Reception, lack of useful features, microphone location, text input style, sensitive antenna.
0	Reception, of useful, microphone location, text input style, sensitive antenna.
1	3x optical zoom, many camera features
1	3x many zoom, optical camera features
0	Feeding mechanism is noisy, driver quirks
0	Feeding mechanism mechanics is noisy, driver quirks
1	uhhh the aligator display is cute?
1	uhhh the aligator cute is display?
0	So-so battery life, freezes and crashes occasionally. Seems more frequent when battery is low.
0	so-so battery life, freezes and crashes occasionally. Seems more haunt when battery is low.
0	Terrible under-basket. Poor "kick clearance" in the back.  
0	Terrible under-basket. short "kick clearance" in the back.  
1	So far the pictures I've taken has amazed me on how clear they are
1	So far the pic I've charter has amazed me on how clear they are
1	Great output, archival quality, affordable, quiet &amp; fast operation
1	Great output, archival quality, affordable, quiet &amp; debauched operation
1	cool, sleek design.
1	cool, sleek.
1	Meets Specifications
1	satisfy Meets Specifications
0	Stroller is kind of heavy.
0	Stroller is kind of.
0	PCS VISION INTERNET BROWSER, FREQUENT LOCK UPS ON OLD FIRMWARE
0	PCS VISION INTERNET BROWSER, FREQUENT firmware LOCK UPS ON OLD FIRMWARE
1	Size, flexible batteries
1	flexible, Size batteries
0	battery life is par, can't play mp3s, cannot add memory
0	battery life is equivalence, can't dally mp3s, cannot add memory
1	Can see picture right away, can store on disk
1	see picture right away, can store on disk
0	Really bad reception and cavernous sound.
0	bad Really reception and cavernous sound.
0	Price. Display may be hard to read in bright sunlight.
0	Price. Display may in hard to read be bright sunlight.
0	Ink catridges cost too much.
0	Ink catridges much too cost.
1	Outstanding Picture Quality even in low light, Fast picture transfers using usb cable, 
1	Outstanding Picture Quality even low light, Fast picture transfers usb cable, 
1	lots of features
1	lots of destiny features
0	Short Battery life, Poor Keypad design causes wrong number punched
0	Short Battery number, Poor Keypad design causes wrong life punched
1	Easy to transport, good overall quality
1	loose to transport, good overall quality
0	Cost
0	be
1	Separately replaceable colors, fast, quiet, quality output
1	replaceable colors, fast, quiet, quality output
0	Limited movie capture mode.
0	Limited movie capture.
1	good
1	near good
0	A discontinued model with Verizon.  Got mine at Radio Shack. NLA at Verizon.
0	A discontinued posture with Verizon.  cause mine at Radio Shack. NLA at Verizon.
1	Very easy to use but lots of options for those who want to &amp;quot;fine tune&amp;quot; picture taking
1	Very easy to use but lots of options for those who want visualise to &WHO amp;quot;fine tune&amp;quot; picture taking
0	Print letters washed-out and fuzzy, Black ink is really charcoal grey. 
0	Print letters washed-out and fuzzy, Black ink impress is really charcoal grey. 
1	Quality of build, compact, ease of use, big 2&amp;quot; LCD display
1	Quality compact build, of, ease of use, big 2&amp;quot; LCD display
1	Great quality prints
1	Great lineament prints
1	Great reception. stylish, clarity of screen and pictures.
1	reception. stylish, clarity of screen and pictures.
0	SIZE! styling, and yeah....size
0	SIZE! styling, and yeah....yea size
1	Great price, high quality
1	price Great, high quality
1	ease of use, fast B/W prints, small driver footprint
1	bacillus ease of use, fast B/W prints, small driver footprint
1	Easy to use
1	Easy use
1	Voice recording is great.
1	Voice recording great.
0	small capacity ink cartridges, printer cable not included 
0	minuscule capacity ink cartridges, printer cable not included 
1	quality photos, very easy to use software
1	quality photos, very easy to use manipulation software
1	small, good looking, does many things 4X zoom Camera.
1	small, soundly looking, does many things 4X zoom Camera.
0	HP OfficeJet T45 does take a considerable amount of space.
0	HP OfficeJet T45 does take a considerable amount make of space.
1	Stylish, compact folding stroller
1	Stylish, compact folding contract stroller
1	Great photo printing, descent text, USB and parallel interface
1	Great photo printing, descent text, USB and interface
1	picture quality, manual controls, amazing macro mode
1	picture quality, manual controls, macro mode
0	price,no longevity, sound quality
0	price,no longevity, quality
0	GSM does not work well in San Diego
0	GSM does not work easily in San Diego
1	durable, easy to use
1	usance durable, easy to use
1	low price, text print quality
1	text price, low print quality
1	superb print quality on photo paper, quiet, keen blue laser
1	superb print quality on photo paper, publish quiet, keen blue laser
1	TFT screen,, expandability in memory, viewfinder
1	TFT,, expandability in memory, viewfinder
1	Recline feature, excellent support for baby, price
1	Recline feature, support for baby, price
0	Product useless, warranty is a joke!
0	Product useless, warranty is a!
0	No speakerphone, but i would never use it. No flash, but that's a battery killer.
0	No speakerphone, but i would never use it. nobelium shoot, but that's a battery orca.
1	size, picture quality, software, options, zoom, flash, 3 megaPixels
1	size, picture quality, software, options, zoom, flash, 3 package megaPixels
1	Lightweight, durable
1	durable, Lightweight
0	A little difficult to assemble
0	A lilliputian little difficult to assemble
1	Fantastic battery life, speakerphone, high-contrast display, charger.
1	Fantastic battery life, speakerphone, high-contrast charger, display.
0	loud, takes a long time to warm up/print a page
0	a, takes loud long time to warm up/print a page
0	Bulky when you have an Extended Battery, only holds 60 pictures.
0	Bulky when you have an Extended bombardment, only halt 60 pictures.
0	Lots, read the review!
0	Lots, read the!
1	advanced features, color
1	color features, advanced
0	noisy, 1 yr. limited warranty
0	noisy, 1 yr. circumscribed warranty
1	Ease of use, great design.
1	of Ease use, great design.
0	Large size,High drain on batteries
0	Large size,High drainage on batteries
1	simple to use, attractive packaging
1	simple to, attractive packaging
1	Low price
1	terms Low price
1	Print quality, speed
1	Print speed, quality
1	It swivels, good camera, charges quick, not bad on battery.
1	It swivels, dependable camera, charges promptly, not bad on battery.
0	Battery conn, Service Bad,no case
0	Battery conn, Service uncollectible,no case
0	Addictive!
0	habit-forming!
0	Short battery life, number of miscellaneous problems with phone.
0	dead battery life, number of miscellaneous problems with phone.
0	Can take a long time for top quality prinouts to emerge&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Can conduct a long time for acme quality prinouts to emerge&amp;#13;&amp;#tenner;
0	no tray for printed pages to rest on as they come out
0	no tray for printed come to rest on as they pages out
1	Nearly Jam-Free, nearly problem-free, fast, ultra-reliable, great print quality
1	Nearly Jam-Free, nearly problem-free, almost fast, ultra-reliable, great print quality
1	Quick printing, great color prints -  photo quality, economical
1	Quick printing, great color prints -  photo, economical
0	Battery life, sound quality
0	life Battery, sound quality
0	battery doesn't seem to last long
0	battery doesn't seem to live long
1	Easy to use, comes with a floppy drive, durable, and excellent battery life
1	Easy to use, comes with a floppy drive, durable, and battery excellent life
0	low battery life, low memory, and does not sync to outlook
0	low battery spirit, blue memory, and does not sync to outlook
0	Not a very good printer when printing photos
0	Not a very printer when printing photos
1	Nice design, loud ringer, good volume control
1	Nice design, loud ringer, squeamish good volume control
1	Fast, clear printing.
1	unmortgaged Fast, clear printing.
1	awesome
1	awesome
0	None
0	none None
0	Like all Epson's, it is a noisy printer
0	Like all Epson's, it is noisy printer
1	Swivel lens, compact size
1	size lens, compact Swivel
1	8X zoom, compact size, excellent 3 megapixel images, , 
1	8X zoom, compact size, excellent 3 megapixel prototype, , 
1	Lightweight,stylish &amp; lots conveniences 
1	Lightweight,stylish &lots; amp conveniences 
0	Only prints 4X6 prints.  No preview screen.
0	Only prints preview prints.  No 4X6 screen.
1	Full Featured&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Fits in pocket&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great pictures
1	Full Featured&amp;#XIII;&amp;#10;scene in pocket&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great render
1	Easy to use, quality
1	Easy to quality, use
1	10X zoom, incredible flexibility, movie mode
1	10X zoom, unbelievable flexibility, movie mode
1	Super cheap, super fast, brand name.
1	name cheap, super fast, brand Super.
1	Fast printer, very good quality
1	Fast quality, very good printer
1	Excellent photo quality with a lot of features!
1	Excellent photo quality with a lot of!
1	Beautiful photos at a good price
1	at photos Beautiful a good price
0	UI far from Nokia class
0	UI far class Nokia from
1	Small, light, easy to use, Lithium battery,nice MACRO possibillity
1	Small, wanton, soft to use, Lithium battery,nice MACRO possibillity
0	paper feeder, print cartridge is expensive
0	paper feeder, print pickup is expensive
1	takes clear shots
1	unclutter takes clear shots
1	Overall near-perfection!  Excellent quality, good price, easy-to-use, remote-control!
1	Overall near-perfection!  Excellent, good price, easy-to-use, remote-control!
1	CarlZeiss glass lens, 5MP, records to CD-RW, reasonable lag time, large LCD viewfinder
1	CarlZeiss glaze lens, 5MP, records to CD-RW, reasonable dawdle time, large LCD viewfinder
0	Many parts to keep up with
0	Many office parts to keep up with
0	Bare-bones Mac driver; PostScript not available
0	Bare-bones mack driver; PostScript not available
1	Great connectivity, easy to sync contacts, great signal strength (AT&T Carrier, GSM), great aesthetics!
1	Great connectivity, easy to sync contacts, strength great great (AT&T Carrier, GSM), signal aesthetics!
1	Great price, excellent performance and value
1	Great price, excellent performance and measure
0	Only lets you one black cartridge at a time.
0	Only lets you one black cartridge a time.
1	Size, Feel, Quality
1	Size, Feel, timbre
1	Great features, if I ever get the software I paid for.
1	Great features, if I ever get the software I paid bear for.
1	Excellent, photo realistic printing with optional photo cartridge.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Overall value for the money.
1	first-class, picture realistic printing with optional picture cartridge.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Overall evaluate for the money.
1	A nice piece of engineering; a great set of features
1	A nice piece angstrom of engineering; a great set of features
1	Floppy drive; easy of use; loaded with options
1	Floppy ram drive; easy of use; loaded with options
0	Print cartrige cost
0	cost cartrige Print
1	Nice colors, compact and very easy to use.
1	Nice colors, compact very easy to use.
0	not the best quality, some jams, LOUD
0	LOUD the best quality, some jams, not
0	Weak reception, No Vibrator Ringing
0	Weak receipt, No Vibrator Ringing
1	Small and easy to use.
1	Small and promiscuous to use.
0	Large screen, excellent sound quality, etc.
0	Large screen, splendid sound quality, etc.
0	No twain
0	No 
1	a attractive solid easy to use compact fully spec'd out phone
1	a attractive spec'd easy to use compact fully solid out phone
0	Expensive, faulty consumables.  Poor colour quality, sketchy text.
0	Expensive, Poor consumables.  faulty colour quality, sketchy text.
1	Easy setup, easy use, fantastic photo prints!
1	Easy setup, easy use, fantastic prints!
1	A durable flip phone that resembles the Samsung 8500.
1	amp A durable flip phone that resembles the Samsung 8500.
0	not good for professional picture applications, slows down your computer when running
0	for good not professional picture applications, slows down your computer when running
0	Short battery life, limited zoom, no sound on camera for movie playback.
0	Short battery life, restrain zoom, no intelligent on camera for movie playback.
1	Reasonably priced, good reception, internal antenna
1	jolly priced, good reception, internal antenna
0	color images average
0	color images norm average
0	Bulky, noisy, sometimes doesn't work
0	Bulky,, sometimes doesn't work
0	ring tones and games are only saved on the phone,
0	the tones and games are only saved on ring phone,
1	Easy to hold, no motion while taking picture. Large font on menu &amp; LED 
1	Easy to hold, no motion while taking picture. Large pack font on menu &amp; LED 
1	You don't have to be plugged into the computer to take pictures
1	You don't have to be plugged into calculator the computer to take pictures
0	Limited memory for phone numbers and SMS messages.
0	Limited memory for phone Sm numbers and SMS messages.
1	Cheap printer for simple personal use. 
1	printer for simple personal use. 
0	low ringer volume, occasional sluggish response,
0	response ringer volume, occasional sluggish low,
1	-Small
1	-diminished
1	Small size, ease of use, attractiveness, ease of programming contacts, sufficient options, speed of recharge
1	alternative Small size, ease of relieve use, attractiveness, ease of programming contacts, sufficient options, speed of recharge
0	2x zoom, uses expensive 2CR5 lithium batteries
0	2x zoom, habituate expensive 2CR5 lithium batteries
0	Bad service, expensive add-ons
0	service Bad, expensive add-ons
1	Low cost, great color prints,good service
1	great cost, Low color prints,good service
0	Time update issues, small buttons, talk-time battery life, speakerphone bugs, Verizon blocks
0	Time update issues, talk-time buttons, small battery life, speakerphone bugs, Verizon blocks
0	too small, fragile
0	small, fragile
1	Light weight, good reception, nice looking, easy to use.
1	Light weight, good reception, nice looking, to use.
1	lightweight, one-handed, all-in-one system
1	lightweight, one-handed, all-in-one arrangement system
0	Menus are difficult, and still the limitation of being a digital camera.
0	Menus are difficult, and unruffled the limit of being a digital camera.
0	Dust goes into the eyepiece and dark assist light.
0	Dust goes into the eyepiece and dark assist weak.
0	Poor reception, poor body casing durability
0	wretched reception, poor body casing durability
1	Excellent build quality, durable, great resolution and clarity, Nikon lenses are among the best
1	durable build quality, Excellent, great resolution and clarity, Nikon lenses are among the best
1	Easy to use, affordable
1	affordable to use, Easy
0	sometimes slow, somewhat flimsy, average reception quality, average battery life on standby
0	sometimes slow, somewhat flimsy, average standby quality, average battery life on reception
1	Utility, features
1	, features
1	User Interface; color screen; blue keys
1	blue Interface; color screen; User keys
0	None
0	none
0	Pictures are grainy, Mac sync is weak.
0	Pictures are gritty, Mac sync is weak.
1	Warranty, good price, fast
1	Warranty, guarantee good price, fast
0	none yet
0	notwithstanding none yet
0	Accessories and parts are hard to come by.
0	Accessories and parts are hard to come.
0	only holds one ink cartridge at a time
0	only one holds ink cartridge at a time
0	BIG for an inkjet, copier/fax/scanner feeder jams
0	BIG duplicator for an inkjet, copier/fax/scanner feeder jams
1	10X optical image stabilized zoom.  Simple to use.
1	10X optical image stabilized zoom.  Simple to function.
0	A bit expensive, large and heavy, slow 3-4 second delay between pics
0	A bit expensive, large and heavy, slow 3-4 second retard between flick
1	It's color, I got it free after rebates at Verizon. Has features
1	It's color, free got it I after rebates at Verizon. Has features
1	Stylish, good for tall people (I'm 6'5")
1	Stylish, good for tall people (fashionable I'm 6'5")
1	This camera cost less than the 640 and hold way more pictures
1	This camera cost less than the 640 and hold way more means pictures
1	Inexpensive and reliable.
1	Inexpensive and honest.
0	Expensive picture cards if you want a larger one
0	Expensive unity picture cards if you want a larger one
0	Pricey, learning curve. May be more to manage/set up than some users care for.
0	Pricey, learning curve. May up more to manage/set be than some users for care.
1	lightweight 
1	jackanapes 
1	good flash, good detail/sharpness, low noise
1	good flash, good detail/sharpness, low noise
0	Printing software is long and involved, bring a snack. :), 
0	Printing software bring long and involved, is a snack. :), 
0	ink eater
0	feeder ink eater
0	Poor picture quality, eats up ink cartridges fast 
0	Poor ink quality, eats up picture cartridges fast 
0	Dropped calls. No Games. Limited memory.
0	circumscribed Dropped calls. No Games. Limited memory.
0	It whines.
0	It yammer.
0	Slightly fuzzy connections;  lengthy recharges
0	Slightly fuzzy;  lengthy recharges
0	size, no case
0	size, sizing no case
1	great photo quality
1	pic great photo quality
0	Out of the Box accessories are crap, throw away batteries, throw away card, no adapter
0	away of the Box accessories no crap, throw Out batteries, throw away card, are adapter
1	no need of a computer, USB supported
1	no need reckoner of a computer, USB supported
1	Fast Printing, Cheap Replacement Cartridges
1	degenerate Printing, Cheap Replacement Cartridges
0	LCD difficult to use in sunlight, confusing interface, sucks batteries dry very quickly, minor design flaws
0	LCD sunlight sucks use in difficult, confusing interface, to batteries dry very quickly, minor design flaws
0	A little bulky and a little heavy
0	A trivial bulky and a little heavy
1	Affordable
1	low-priced
1	RELIABILITY, print output, photo quality reprints, easy on ink
1	RELIABILITY, print output, pic quality reprints, easy on ink
1	everything but cost!
1	everything but toll!
1	Inexpensive, versatile, easy to operate, 
1	Inexpensive, to, easy versatile operate, 
1	good quality
1	good lineament quality
0	It runs out of ink fairly fast.
0	It runs out of ink fairly.
1	Great technical specifications.
1	Great spec technical specifications.
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Amazing screen, vibrant color reception, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
0	none
0	none
1	Sleek design, light-weight, clarity, great colors, external caller ID
1	Sleek design, light-weight, clarity, great colors, external caller 
0	on the large side, horrible Sprint customer service
0	on the overhaul large side, horrible Sprint customer service
0	difficult to open &amp;amp; close
0	difficult to open &amp;; close
1	Quality &amp;amp; value
1	Quality &amp;value; amp
0	Requires specific inks and only good quality papers.
0	Requires specific inks and only lineament good quality papers.
1	Cheap, Easy to use, Good cartoon quality, cute!
1	Cheap, Easy to use, cartoon quality, cute!
0	Only if it breaks down, you're out more than just 1 machine
0	Only if it breaks down, you're out more than just 1 breakout machine
1	cheap, decent pictures
1	flashy, decent pictures
0	bigger than the usual stroller
0	bigger than crowing the usual stroller
1	Phenominal image quality; awesome features; ultra-cool low-light photo quality
1	Phenominal image quality; awesome features; ultra-cool low-light photo calibre
0	Phone Book, Cumbersome Menus, too thick
0	Phone Book, Cumbersome, too thick
1	Light-weighted and durable enough for even the most amateur of photographer.
1	even and durable enough for Light-weighted the most amateur of photographer.
1	none compared to similar products
1	none compared to like similar products
0	A little bulky, which only attracts attention.
0	A trivial bulky, which only attracts attention.
1	Small, lightweight, easy to read color display, decent battery life, easy to operate
1	Small, lightweight, easy to read color display, decent battery life, easy spirit to operate
1	Rugged, fast, easy to use, and excellent pictures.
1	Rugged, fast, easy to use, and excellent photograph.
0	camera is crap in the dark.
0	camera crap in the dark.
0	Can't think of any right now
0	Can't think of any mightily now
0	Can't hold the camera sideways when shooting movies, No zoom in MPEG mode
0	Can't hold the camera sideways when shooting movies, zoom No in MPEG mode
1	Great pictures that aren't blurry... and it's compact!
1	swell pictures that aren't blurry... and it's compact!
0	It broke the first time I tried it
0	It broke the tried time I first it
0	None known.
0	none None known.
1	Excellent picture quality, easy to use
1	Excellent depict quality, easy to use
1	USB, high res, large memory
1	USB, high res, large 
0	$20 cable not included, it's kind of slow.
0	$20 cable not included, it's kind of irksome.
1	Backlighting, clear reception, fewer dropped calls, excellent display
1	Backlighting, clear reception, fewer calls, excellent display
1	this
1	this
1	This camera is easy to use. Batteries last a long time
1	This battery camera is easy to use. Batteries last a long time
0	Warranty troubles, Slow startup time, annoying "mavica disc recommended" message, not an action camera
0	Warranty troubles, Slow startup advocate time, annoying "mavica disc recommended" message, not an action camera
1	nice ergonomics, convenient
1	prissy nice ergonomics, convenient
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, I mentioned in the review.
1	Good images, long lasting batteries, flash
1	estimable images, long lasting batteries, flash
0	not much, batteries drain faster than my v60...b/c of the color LCDs
0	not much, batteries drain profligate than my v60...b/c of the discolour LCDs
0	print alignment problems. slow.  unrepairable. awkward design. little control in panel. failed after 6 months.
0	print problems. slow. . awkward design. little control panel. failed after 6 months.
1	Send/receive data via phone's infrared port to other IR-equipped handheld devices such as Palm
1	IR-equipped/receive data infrared phone's via port to other Send handheld devices such as Palm
0	Batteries are not standard, recharging only through the cradle
0	Batteries are not standard, recharging through the cradle
1	Picture quality, ergonomics, construction, controls, two media formats
1	Picture quality, ergonomics, construction,, two media formats
1	Great printing.
1	printing Great.
0	Slightly too big; PC link must be purchased separately
0	Slightly singly too big; PC link must be purchased separately
0	The full feature and option list is a long list to learn!
0	The full feature and long list is a option list to learn!
1	Lots of features. Easy to use. Small, but powerful. 
1	expend Lots of features. Easy to use. Small, but powerful. 
0	The pixels are still big, and background pictures make it hard to see the writing.
0	The pixels are big, and background pictures make it to the writing.
0	no USB
0	USB no
0	Plastic is &quot;squeaky&quot;
0	is &quot;squeaky&quot;
1	Price is coming down.
1	Price is occur down.
0	Very hard to handle... only 2 reclines
0	Very punishing to handle... only 2 reclines
1	InfraRed,
1	infrared InfraRed,
0	Short Battery Life; Slow Download
0	Short Life; Slow Download
0	Printer driver (Mac) not the best, expensive cartridges.
0	Printer driver (Mac) not the undecomposed, expensive cartridges.
0	many problems, print quality not great
0	many problems, print not great
1	Looks awesome, small, light.
1	Looks awesome, small, short.
0	if you are trying to escape they will find you ha!
0	if you are trying to bunk they will incur you ha!
0	short battery life and slightly blurry high quality pictures
0	short battery life and slightly blurry pictures quality high
0	Pictures are sometimes blurry if you are not careful.
0	Pictures are sometimes blurry careful you are not if.
1	Price Vs Quality
1	Vs Price Quality
0	You won't get to collect those nice little cans that 35mm film came in.
0	You won't get collect those nice little cans that 35mm came in.
0	doesn't deal well with glare, no depth of field, pictures grainy and/or fuzzy at full resolution- good for web work only
0	doesn't well with glare, no depth of field, grainy and/ fuzzy at full resolution- good for work only
0	A little heavier than other new phones. No games come preset in the phone.
0	A little heavier than other new phones. No games come amp preset in the phone.
1	Small, lots of features, good pictures
1	Small, lots of serious features, good pictures
1	Sexy hardware, nice screen, great form factor
1	Sexy factor, nice screen, great form hardware
0	phone itself is pricey
0	phone is itself pricey
1	Features, display, tuner option, form vs function, EVERYTHING
1	Features, presentation, tuner option, form vs function, EVERYTHING
1	Very easy to use.
1	easy Very to use.
1	Great quality text and Graphics
1	Great quality textbook text and Graphics
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
1	expectant response in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
1	Lightweight, intuitive interface, long battery life, loaded with features, great price
1	Lightweight, intuitive interface, long battery life, pissed with features, large price
0	I still think the prices I paid is to high.
0	I still think the I paid is to.
0	technical support
0	technical 
0	battery life
0	barrage battery life
0	No sound on movies, :30 limit on movies
0	No sound on movies, :30 limit on 
1	Smaller, and takes up less space than competing models.
1	Smaller, takes up less space than competing models.
1	Ease of use, good quality flash pictures, good menus for setup
1	Ease of use, dear quality flash pic, good menus for setup
1	Size, Durability, Color replication is superb for price, few relics, MPEG movies great, 3x optical
1	3x, Durability, for replication is superb Color price, few relics, MPEG movies great, Size optical
1	Excellent Lexmark quality, now USB compatible.
1	Excellent Lexmark quality, now USB.
1	Really slick design, terrific display, bluetooth, no disabled features
1	Really crafty design, terrific display, bluetooth, no disabled features
1	The screen, sound quality
1	The screen, levelheaded quality
1	great sound quality, quality camera, customization
1	vocalize great sound quality, quality camera, customization
1	lots of options, sounds clear, easy to use
1	lots crystalise of options, sounds clear, easy to use
0	autofocus cycling is a bit slow
0	autofocus cycling a bit slow
0	Eats Batteries like snacks
0	Eats like snacks
1	sleek design
1	design sleek
1	Light, inexpensieve, recurrent alarm feature, WAP
1	Light, inexpensieve, recurrent perennial alarm feature, WAP
0	Readylink not practical, battery life, quality of speaker phone, Not Durable!
0	Readylink not practical, shelling life, timbre of speaker phone, Not Durable!
1	ergonomics, image quality
1	ergonomics, quality
0	Noisy- Slow-only holds small amount of paper
0	Noisy- Slow-only check small amount of paper
1	Triband, camera-phone
1	Triband, camera-phone
0	brakes must be set to fold and basket empty
0	brakes must be readiness to fold and basket empty
1	Very reliable, easy to set up and use, affordable quality...truly a no-brainer!
1	Very reliable, easy to set up and use, select affordable quality...truly a no-brainer!
0	Quirky preview image quality, limited aperture control
0	Quirky preview image caliber, limited aperture control
0	Not many accessaries available, dependant on services provided by wireless service, attractive to theives.
0	Not many accessaries available, dependant on services provided radiocommunication by wireless service, attractive to theives.
1	External display
1	display External
1	Improved controls over previous Powershots, long battery life.
1	Improved controls over previous Powershots, long battery bombardment life.
0	not a one
0	not axerophthol a one
1	Perfect for on-the-go
1	staring Perfect for on-the-go
1	it has lexmark technology
1	has lexmark technology
1	Optical zoom, macro, hard lens cover, excellent price, long battery life and high quality pics
1	opthalmic zoom, macro, hard lens cover, excellent price, long battery spirit and high lineament pics
1	COMPACT, LIGHTWEIGHT, STRONG SIGNAL STRENGTH, VOICE ACTIVATED DIALING
1	COMPACT,, STRONG SIGNAL STRENGTH, VOICE ACTIVATED DIALING
1	very good phone
1	very good proficient phone
0	none that we found
0	none that we feel
0	No alarm clock.
0	clock alarm No.
1	Great Quality, Quiet Operation, Looks Cool, Auto-Paper-Type really works
1	Quality Great, Quiet Operation, Looks Cool, Auto-Paper-Type really works
0	No Camera, Girly Design, Ok Reception
0	No Camera, okeh Girly Design, Ok Reception
1	Stylish, colorful display screen, speaker phone, expensive
1	loudspeaker Stylish, colorful display screen, speaker phone, expensive
0	Lexmark support is rather poor.  Instruction booklet vague on certain topics.
0	Lexmark subscribe is rather poor.  pedagogy booklet vague on certain topics.
1	good print quality, easy setup, USB/Parallel support
1	print quality, easy setup, USB/Parallel support
1	This phone is small sleek and just plain looks nice.
1	looks phone is small sleek and just plain This nice.
0	Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
0	Poor reception, bad screen, ugly battery life.
1	Easy to set up, easy to use
1	Easy to plant up, easy to use
1	Scans well, Prints quickly, Photocopies effortlessly, inexpensive
1	well Scans, Prints quickly, Photocopies effortlessly, inexpensive
1	Features capability to print with or without computer read to learn of more great features.
1	Features capability read print with or without to computer to learn of more great features.
0	Still high cost, no duplexer, no infrared port, see cons in review
0	tranquillise high cost, no duplex, no infrared port, see cons in review
1	Unmatched Print Quality, Vibrant Colours, Decent Speed, Easy Setup, Nifty Features, Hp Quality, Price
1	Decent Print Quality, Vibrant Colours, Unmatched Speed, Easy Setup, Nifty Features, Hp Quality, Price
1	Ease of use, price
1	Ease of toll use, price
1	Direct-Connect walkie-talkie functionality, built in speakerphone
1	Direct-Connect walkie-talkie In functionality, built in speakerphone
0	Needed accessories, availability of extras
0	Needed extras, availability of accessories
0	Unable to cancel jobs already in-progress.  Long spool time for images.
0	Unable to cancel chore already in-progress.  Long spool time for visualize.
0	the black color
0	the bleak color
1	low cost
1	low-spirited cost
1	Sharp pictures, flexible, easy photo downloading, reasonably priced.
1	Sharp pictures, flexible, sanely easy photo downloading, reasonably priced.
1	Great print quality, fast printing (once it gets warmed up and going)
1	enceinte print quality, fast printing (once it develop warmed up and going)
1	Small, inexpensive, faster than ink-jets
1	Small, inexpensive, faster ink-jets
1	Convenient,affordable,
1	convenient,affordable,
0	One hand folding difficult, cumbersome carseat/carrier
0	ane hand folding difficult, cumbersome carseat/carrier
1	Small, nice looking, nice ring tones
1	Small, nice looking, nice ring inflect
1	Size, Picture Quality, features &amp; beauty.
1	beauty, Picture Quality, features &amp; Size.
1	voice dialing, web/email, many extra option
1	voice dialing, web/email, many surplus option
0	buggy software, poor battery charge design, repair department overwhelmed
0	buggy software, poor battery shelling charge design, repair department overwhelmed
0	everything else!
0	everything else!
0	LCD/Electronic viewfinder is hard to see under certain lighting conditions.
0	LCD/Electronic viewfinder is hard to see under certain.
1	A Great Camera
1	A axerophthol Great Camera
0	Yet another bit of propaganda for the Cult of Canon
0	Yet another propaganda for the Cult of Canon
0	Indoor pictures are difficult, usually because of lighting.
0	Indoor lighting are difficult, usually because of pictures.
0	no optical zoom &amp;amp; low battery life
0	no optical zoom &amp;life; low battery amp
0	poor quality 
0	quality poor 
1	great idea, easy to fold
1	great idea, crease easy to fold
1	Excellent print quality, Quiet, Prints on almost any paper and or transparency.
1	Excellent print quality, Quiet, Prints on almost any paper and or prize transparency.
1	Great Quality for the price
1	Great Quality for price
1	modules available as money permits, scans, copies, prints color/b&amp;amp;w; battery option
1	modules available money permits, scans, copies, prints color/&amp;amp;w; battery 
0	zoom, rapid shoots
0	rapid, zoom shoots
1	Cheap and small
1	and Cheap small
1	Small, external caller ID, big screen, stylish
1	braggart Small, external caller ID, big screen, stylish
1	easy to use, hangs on belt clip nicely
1	smash easy to use, hangs on belt clip nicely
0	Having prints made can be expensive, so shop around
0	Having mark prints made can be expensive, so shop around
1	excellent value, does video clips, very easy to use, web cam capability
1	excellent value, does video clips, very easy to habituate, entanglement cam capability
1	Great Picture Quality; Easy to use software and hardware; Not too expensive; Many picture-taking options.
1	Great Picture Quality; Easy to visualise use software and hardware; Not too pick expensive; Many picture-taking options.
0	no fun ring tones, a little heavy
0	no fun ring tones, a little 
0	Shutter delay, battery life
0	delay Shutter, battery life
0	Ring tones too quiet.  Vibrate is very weak and can't set it to both vibrate/ring.
0	Ring tones too quiet.  weak is very Vibrate ring can't set it to both vibrate/and.
1	Good graphic quality, good speed, quiet, great price
1	Good graphic quality, good beneficial speed, quiet, great price
0	proprietary battery, learning curve, doesn't handle low light situations well.
0	proprietary battery, learning curve, doesn't handle low light situations encyclopaedism well.
0	no optical zoom, small buttons
0	no optical, small buttons
0	none
0	none
0	No zoom.
0	zoom No.
1	big wheels,easy steering
1	big easy,wheels steering
0	Lens cap lost easily; no USB; wide optical viewfinder 
0	Lens cap finder lost easily; no USB; wide optical viewfinder 
1	price, prints, features
1	price,, features
1	Ease of use, no film, easy to use media
1	comfort Ease of use, no film, easy to use media
0	Need adapter for fast downloads, no zoom
0	Need adapter for downloads fast, no zoom
0	Price could be better
0	Price could better
1	Nice looking, cool features, great phone book implementation, user friendly, nice ringtone.
1	Nice looking, cool nice, great phone book implementation, user friendly, features ringtone.
1	The BEST
1	The proficient
1	Small, compact, easy to carry, and a nice looking phone.
1	Small, compact, easy to dribble, and a dainty looking phone.
0	could be more attractive
0	could be attractive
1	It prints...sometimes...
1	It print prints...sometimes...
1	Unique design, loudspeaker, video recorder, digital camera, voice dialing, IR port, MMC memory slot.
1	Unique design, loudspeaker, video telecasting recorder, digital camera, voice dialing, IR port, MMC memory slot.
0	Cheap design/hardware, moving parts actually came loose and fell out.
0	Cheap design/hardware, moving parts actually accrue came loose and fell out.
1	Good phone with modern features but not a lot of the headaches.
1	Good non phone with modern features but not a lot of the headaches.
0	sound quality sounds a lil staticky at times, no regular sounding ringtones
0	sound quality sounds a regular staticky at times, no lil sounding ringtones
0	Expensive when accessories are added.
0	added when accessories are Expensive.
1	Ease of use, well-written instructions, versatility, storage capacity
1	ease of use, well-written instructions, versatility, storage capacity
0	Small size (easy to lose and awkward to talk into. Li-ion batter costs extra.
0	Small size (easy to costs and awkward to talk into. Li-ion batter lose extra.
0	None, well maybe the cost!
0	None, the maybe well cost!
1	high resolution-1984 x 1488, solar panel for sunlight and battery life,other battery saving functions,USB &amp;amp; serial port connections,nice zoom-optical &amp;amp; digital, takes CompactFlash memory cards up to 128 mg
1	high resolution-1984 x 1488, panel for and life,other battery saving functions,USB &;amp; serial port connections,nice zoom-optical &amp;amp; digital, takes CompactFlash cards up to 128 
1	Light and Compact
1	Light and 
1	Easy to use, Good pictures
1	Easy to use, Good 
1	Compact size, 5 megapixels,quick charger
1	size, 5 megapixels,quick charger
0	Drawbacks listed in review
0	Drawbacks review in listed
1	Easy to use, sleek &amp; unique design, swivel lens, "scene" feature
1	Easy to use, sleek &amp;, swivel lens, "scene" feature
1	Detailed, colorful prints that rival or exceed film-based photos.
1	Detailed, colorful prints that rival or outgo film-based photos.
0	ring/vibrate not simultaneous, "cute" menus, screen dim in daylight, charger 'plug' difficult to remove.
0	ring/test vibrate not simultaneous, "cute" menus, screen cooccurring dim in daylight, charger 'plug' difficult to remove.
0	Can be quite pricey.
0	be Can quite pricey.
1	Great options, excellent battery life, IBM microdrive compatible.
1	Great options, battery excellent life, IBM microdrive compatible.
0	Signal loss, echo, no web capability
0	Signal loss, echo, web no capability
1	Sharp images, flawless transfers to computer, good instructions, fair price
1	Sharp images, flawless transfers to instructions, good computer, fair price
0	None.
0	none.
0	many breakdowns.had to replace four times. They didn't want to give new only refurbished units.
0	four breakdowns.had units replace many times. They didn't want to give new only refurbished to.
1	same as fd81, easy of use 
1	same fd81, easy of use 
0	can't see the display in the sun
0	can't see the display in sun
1	small light weight
1	small light 
0	Battery Life, Ringer volume too low
0	Life, Ringer volume too low
0	windows driver looses print job if you forgot to switch it on, loud in draft
0	windows driver looses print job if you bury to switch it on, gimcrack in blueprint
0	button dials could be louder.
0	button dial dials could be louder.
0	Expensive batteries, slow connection speed.
0	Expensive batteries, connector slow connection speed.
0	It doesn't work
0	bring It doesn't work
0	No zoom, parts of camera are easily breakable
0	No zoom, no parts of camera are easily breakable
0	poor quality photos, minimum pictures
0	quality photos, minimum pictures
1	easy, light, different types of photos
1	easy, light, different types picture of photos
0	Short battery life, red-eye reduction not very good.
0	Short reduction life, red-eye battery not very good.
1	Camera + Phone!
1	Phone + Camera!
1	Optical zoom, interchangeable memory, easy to program, adequate adjustments, USB cable, affordable
1	Optical alteration zoom, interchangeable memory, easy to program, adequate adjustments, USB cable, affordable
0	no battery charger, uses battery power quickly, bright flash with no ability to bounce
0	no battery charger, uses battery power quickly, bright flash with no ability courser to bounce
0	Operating system 'bugs', Navi button can confuse new users, no web access.
0	Operating system 'bugs', Navi button can WWW confuse new users, no web access.
0	requires putting on a lens cover cap, slow shutter speed for fast picture taking
0	expect putting on a lens compensate cap, slow shutter speed for fast picture taking
0	Noisy, slow and clunky.  No USB.
0	Noisy, behind and clunky.  No USB.
0	Not Web Enabled
0	Not Web 
0	It falls apart way before you are done needing it!
0	It falls apart before are done needing it!
1	Lightweight, VERY sturdy, stylish, easy to steer, wonderful service by distributor.
1	Lightweight, VERY sturdy, stylish, soft to steer, wonderful Service by distributor.
0	small screen, low battery life (can be upgraded), no games, no message waiting LED
0	small screen, depression battery life (can be upgraded), no games, no message waiting run
0	Can be confusing to use, not sleek looking, batteries not long lasting.
0	Can be confusing to use, not sleek wait, batteries not retentive lasting.
1	HP top-shelf brand history cannot be denied!  Low price.  Separate print cartridges.
1	HP top-shelf denounce history cannot be abnegate!  Low price.  Separate print cartridges.
0	No camera case included, pricey
0	No camera case admit, pricey
0	pricey
0	pricey
1	nice pictures
1	nice visualise
0	Only allows 6 quality pics per floppy, only a single 15 second movie.
0	Only allows 6 quality select pics per floppy, only a single 15 second movie.
0	1.3 mp camera. Best with manual override for Low light. Software weak.
0	.3 mp camera. Best with manual override for Low light. Software.
1	lightest cell phone ever had
1	lightest cell phone ever always had
1	3.3 Megapixel, Full featured, Easy to use, Bright LCD, Excellent Battery, Excellent photo quality
1	3.3 Megapixel, Full featured,, Bright LCD, Excellent Battery, Excellent photo quality
1	Ease of use, VERY nice quality, pretty fast for an inkjet
1	Ease of use, VERY nice quality, jolly pretty fast for an inkjet
1	weighs 3.5 ounces, lightweight, easy to use keys, equipped with AOL instant messaging
1	weighs 3.5 ounces, lightweight, easy to apply keys, equipt with AOL instant messaging
1	Small, easy to use, lot's of colors!
1	Small, tardily to use, lot's of colors!
0	Nothing yet...
0	yet Nothing...
1	All in one phone. No need for a pda and a phone.
1	All in one phone. No need for unmatched a pda and a phone.
0	battery life sux if you don't condition it properly.
0	battery life sux if you don't it properly.
0	Bugs in software, slow responding software, short battery life.
0	Bugs responding software, slow in software, short battery life.
0	Paper jams frequently, drinks ink like water, ink clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
0	Paper press frequently, potable ink like water, ink clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
1	convenient, one hand fold, lightweight
1	, one hand fold, lightweight
0	Expensive, bulky
0	bulky, Expensive
1	Nikon quality, great photos, 4X zoom, good battery life, lots of functions
1	Nikon quality, great photos, battery zoom, good 4X life, lots of functions
0	Battery life is a little short. But not a deal breaker for sure.
0	Battery life is a not short. But little a deal breaker for sure.
0	poor instructions in booklet
0	in instructions poor booklet
1	Excellent pictures, plenty of creative controls and very beginner-friendly too
1	Excellent pictures, plenty of controls creative and very beginner-friendly too
0	It's heavy, and the software that ships with the camera sucks.
0	It's great, and the software that ships with the camera absorb.
1	tons of them
1	of them
0	I wish it had a burst mode like the olympus d-340-r to allow for fast action and recording of sporting events. I can learn to live without it especially since the quality of the printed pictures is so much better than the Olympus.
0	wish it had a mode like the olympus d-340-r to allow for fast action and recording of sporting events. I can learn to live especially since the quality of the printed pictures so than the.
1	A very simple camera to operate, not too many features or settings to master
1	A simple camera to operate, not too features or settings to master
0	Muffled tones (may be just mine), no proven track record.
0	Muffled tones (may just be mine), no proven track record.
0	none
0	none
1	Easy to use - fun at first
1	gentle to use - fun at first
0	None
0	none
1	cheap
1	flash cheap
0	Can't see what ink is being used.
0	is see what ink Can't being used.
1	Small, stylish, sleek, easy too use and well worth the money.
1	Small, stylish, sleek, easy too use and well fashionable worth the money.
1	Reasonable price, practical features, compact size and external display
1	display price, practical features, compact size and external Reasonable
1	Uses 1.44MB Discs, Easy of Use
1	Uses 1.44MB Discs, Easy of one Use
1	Great quality of workmanship, great design and functionality
1	Great quality of workmanship, nifty design and functionality
0	Annoying antenna and mushy keys make up short con list
0	Annoying antenna and mushy keys up short con 
1	great printing quality, reasonable purchase price
1	great printing quality, reasonable purchase prize price
1	Great features
1	features
1	Color screen.  Speaker phone.
1	Color Speaker.  screen phone.
0	No auto focus/lens cover, automatic flash not to my tastes. Lens pops out of focus.
0	No auto focus/lens cover, automatic non flash not to reflexive my tastes. Lens pops out of focus.
0	LCD display is jerky and slow, no carrying case, AC adaptor expensive ($50), poor digital zoom
0	LCD exhibit is jerky and slow, no carrying suit, AC adaptor expensive ($50), wretched digital zoom
0	Cost.
0	cost.
1	Good automatic mode, nice features and easy to use
1	Good modality automatic mode, nice features and easy to use
0	some parts feel a little flimsy, cartridge storage can be awkward
0	some character feel a trivial flimsy, cartridge storage can be awkward
1	Fully featured, very good all-around performance, Canon lens
1	Fully featured, lens good all-around performance, Canon very
0	with internal antenna the reception isn't as good as other models!
0	with internal antenna models reception isn't as good as other the!
1	compact, sturdy, small, can take movies
1	, sturdy, small, can take movies
1	All you need in one box.
1	All you need indigence in one box.
1	Great extras. Durable.
1	Durable extras. Great.
0	Loud
0	loudly Loud
1	fairly quiet, good quality text, decent quality pictures
1	quiet fairly, good quality text, decent quality pictures
1	nice the first 3-4 months
1	the first 3-4 months
0	not able to use as hands-free,battery life a lot less than advertised
0	not able to a as hands-free,battery life use lot less than advertised
0	Very weak signals-- does not work well indoors
0	Very weak signals-- work not does well indoors
0	rough ride over rugged terrain
0	ride over rugged terrain
0	Best for first time digital photographers.  
0	for first time digital photographers.  
0	Delay in capturing image, battery
0	Delay in capturing, battery
1	Good software, price.
1	upright software, price.
0	Crackly speakerphone, external antenna
0	speakerphone Crackly, external antenna
1	Sleek, smart-looking, very pleasing to the eye.
1	Sleek, smart-looking, very to the eye.
0	Slow to start, uses much ink
0	Slow to uses, start much ink
1	Tiny Size, Inexpensive, Picture and Video Capture, Over 1 mp, Easy to use Software
1	Tiny Size, Inexpensive, Picture and Video get, Over 1 mp, well-to-do to use Software
1	Quality of photo prints.  Smartmedia and Compactflash interface.  Print speed.
1	Quality of photo prints.  Smartmedia and Compactflash interface.  print hasten.
0	Reception not great "GSM NOKIA WAY BETTER", Slow interface, front scratches easily
0	Reception not great "GSM NOKIA WAY BETTER", Slow interface, front scratches simoleons easily
0	shoulder strap was hard to install until I read the instructions
0	shoulder lash was hard to install until I read the instruction
0	Known glitches, No speakerphone yet, Music sync is frustrating
0	Known glitches, No speakerphone still yet, Music sync is frustrating
0	Lacks many newer features
0	lack many newer features
0	Need USB filter driver &amp;amp; printer driver right away.
0	USB driver &amp;amp; printer driver right away.
1	Great quality pictures, ease of use, zoom lens, many options
1	Great quality, ease of use, zoom lens, many 
0	Image quality not as good as some other brands, cheap feel to body.
0	Image quality as not good as some other brands, cheap feel to body.
0	short battery life-have solution, external battery pack
0	short battery result life-have solution, external battery pack
1	Easy to use, small
1	expend Easy to use, small
1	Fastest quality printer that I've seen.  Good picture quality.
1	Fastest quality that printer I've seen.  Good picture quality.
0	screen, scene modes
0	scene, screen modes
1	Nada
1	nix Nada
1	cheap, reliable, easy to use
1	cheap, reliable, to use
0	short battery life, limited options
0	short battery life, limited 
0	Screen is not bright enough...to me anyway...no access to internet...do you really need that though?
0	sieve is not vivid enough...to me anyway...no access to cyberspace...do you really need that though?
0	no AC adapter, no case to protect lens, only 2 MB to store pictures
0	no AC adapter, no case to protect lens, only two MB to store visualize
0	Haven't found any yet
0	Haven't found yet
1	Great color, Individual ink tanks
1	Great Individual, color ink tanks
0	Handle with a little bit of care.
0	grip with a little bit of care.
1	Clear, Easy to Use, Many Settings
1	exonerated, Easy to Use, Many Settings
1	EasyShare system makes fast picture transfer; easy e-mailing and printing; battery recharging
1	EasyShare system impression makes fast picture transfer; easy e-mailing and printing; battery recharging
0	No address book, no Internet
0	No address book, Book no Internet
1	Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
1	Easy to read display, lots of interesting exhibit features,
0	None
0	none None
0	BATTERY COVER VERY LOOSE, SCREEN FLICKERS AND DISSAPEARS, HAD TO REPLACE 4X
0	BATTERY COVER unleash VERY LOOSE, SCREEN FLICKERS AND DISSAPEARS, HAD TO REPLACE 4X
1	BETTER BATTERY LIFE! BETTER CALL QUALITY!
1	BETTER BATTERY LIFE! BETTER CALL!
0	volume controls on side are easy to press accidentally
0	volume controls on are easy to press accidentally
1	Uses a computer disk instead of film.
1	Uses computer a disk instead of film.
0	Expensive HP paper and ink, limited to 8 1/2" wide paper, and problematic USB setup.
0	Expensive HP paper and ink, limited to 2 1/setup" wide paper, and problematic USB 8.
0	eats batteries; 
0	eats bombardment; 
1	easy to handle, lighted buttons
1	easy to handle, light lighted buttons
0	back cover, keypads
0	back spine cover, keypads
0	More of an all-around printer than a dedicated photo printer
0	More of an than a dedicated photo printer
0	volume is too soft, lots of dropped calls, undue static, and lack of features
0	volume is too soft, passel of dropped anticipate, undue static, and lack of features
1	Does everything well.  Works, has clear documentation.
1	Does has well.  Works, everything clear documentation.
1	Small, light, handsome, good reception and battery life.
1	Small, light, handsome, good reception and battery bighearted life.
0	must purchase ac power adapter separately
0	must purchase ac power baron adapter separately
0	A little bit expensive for those new mothers.
0	A little bit expensive for those mothers.
0	system lag time between pushing button and taking picture
0	system pushing time between lag button and taking picture
0	bad pic quality, flash is too bright, pictures are blurry quite often
0	bad pic quality, flash is too quite, pictures are blurry bright often
0	battery drains fast, bad focus in low-light conditions
0	battery drains fast, bad focus unsound in low-light conditions
1	Great phone and affordable.
1	phone Great and affordable.
1	lots of features, good battery life, infra red
1	lots battery features, good of life, infra red
1	Can't think of one
1	unitary Can't think of one
0	Date Imprint is not automatic
0	appointment Imprint is not automatic
1	Color Screen
1	Screen Color
1	Good colour screen, Easy, Good polyphonics, Good range of features,
1	Good colour screen, Easy, Good polyphonics, Good range grade of features,
0	A little larger than some more-recent cell phones, no Internet features
0	A little larger than some more-recent cell phones, no Internet around features
1	Color screen, Dual band, external CID, Voice Dial
1	Color screen, Dual band, CID, Voice Dial
1	Easy to operate
1	wanton to operate
1	Very easy for beginners to use.
1	Very prosperous for beginners to use.
0	Poor quality
0	select Poor quality
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Stylish, ultra Compact, 3X zoom, 3 Megapixels , 
1	, ultra Compact, 3X zoom, 3 Megapixels , 
0	Only 16Mb Memory Stick supplied
0	Only 16Mb Memory add Stick supplied
0	scratches and dents too easily, can't charge phone using USB data cable.
0	scratches and dents too easily, can't easy charge phone using USB data cable.
1	Nice all-in-one package; Great features
1	features all-in-one package; Great Nice
1	kinda inexpensive, works well for the most part
1	kinda inexpensive, act well for the most part
0	Slow, no AC Adapter, size, battery life
0	, no AC Adapter, size, battery life
0	limited manual modes, eats batteries (don't they all?)
0	limited manual modes, eats batteries ( they all?)
0	Price,have to open phone to answer it.
0	Price,have to open phone to telephone answer it.
1	Good accuracy, good quality, cheap
1	Good cheap, good quality, accuracy
1	- Aesthetically pleasing, and highly functional.
1	- Aesthetically working pleasing, and highly functional.
1	Nice Price, Quick Non Color Printing, 4800x1200 Optimized dpi, Space Conservation, Windows XP Compatible.
1	Nice Price, promptly Non vividness Printing, 4800x1200 Optimized dpi, Space Conservation, Windows XP Compatible.
0	Lousy reception.  Menu is hard to use.  Bad location for Ringer volume control.
0	Lousy reception.  Menu is hard to use.  Bad placement for Ringer volume operate.
0	None noticed by this novice
0	None noticed by this away novice
1	Great picture, easy to download pics, and great software
1	Great, easy to download pics, and great software
0	bad quality phone, hard to navigate, exposed buttons, Sprint customer service
0	bad quality phone, hard to navigate, buttons, Sprint service
1	Good battery life, huge screen, lots of features and excellent stylus menu structure
1	Good battery life, huge screen, lots of features and excellent stylus structure menu
1	A Starter Camera with a Great Finish! 
1	A Camera Starter with a Great Finish! 
0	No sports/action setting., Long time btw shots when using flash., Bad software.
0	No sports/action lay., Long time btw shots when apply flash., Bad software.
0	Heavy, expensive, "ocean liner"
0	dense, expensive, "ocean liner"
1	Great Price, easy to use, NO FILM!!
1	Great Price, easy take to use, NO FILM!!
1	Attractive. Nice time display on the outside. Very thin. Nice screen.
1	Attractive. the time display on Nice outside. Very thin. Nice screen.
0	Plastic case creaks, not as sturdy as older Ericsson phones
0	Plastic Ericsson creaks, not as sturdy as older case phones
0	hard to delet pics
0	delet to hard pics
0	Rechargeable battery doesn't last long.
0	Rechargeable doesn't last long.
0	Extremely small ink cartridges.  Be prepared to purchase these cartridges in groups of 5.
0	Extremely small ink cartridges.  Be prepared to exceedingly purchase these cartridges in groups of 5.
1	Great Pictures
1	Great exposure Pictures
1	Voice dialing, answering machine, scheduler, small, email send/receive, highly viewable day&night, tri-mode, good clarity
1	Voice dialing, answering suffice machine, scheduler, small, email send/receive, Night highly viewable day&night, tri-mode, good clarity
0	not enough battery life
0	not life battery enough
0	Telephoto limited to 2x, cannot add lens
0	Telephoto limited to 2x, cannot add 
0	No usb cable included.
0	No usb cable.
0	Antenna, Can't send text messages, Mini-browser
0	Antenna, Can't send text messages, message Mini-browser
0	Bulky, no screen protection
0	Bulky, screen protection
0	none!
0	none!
1	Very reliable, easy to use, good overall in all functions
1	Very reliable, easy to use, soundly overall in all affair
0	Uses batteries pretty fast. 
0	Uses batteries pretty. 
1	You can delete any pictures that you don't want, and only keep the ones you do. No developing fees
1	You can delete potty any pictures that you don't want, and only keep the ones you do. crapper No developing fees
0	The Phone is Small and has a Short Battery Life.
0	spirit The Phone is Small and has a Short Battery Life.
1	Versatile, easy to use
1	Versatile, sluttish easy to use
0	poor performance
0	pitiable performance
0	Kind of big.
0	boastful Kind of big.
0	Tends to pull more than one sheet of paper
0	Tends to overstretch more than one sheet of paper
0	Feeding heavy stock from paper tray, incorrect instructions for printing a test page.
0	Feeding instructions stock from paper tray, incorrect heavy for printing a test page.
1	Great pictures!
1	pictures!
0	Relatively short battery life
0	Relatively short battery suddenly life
0	Need extra tool for fast image transfer
0	Need extra tool for fast image immobile transfer
0	So-so text output, ink consumption, print head maintenance
0	So-so text yield output, ink consumption, print head maintenance
1	Quality pictures, compact, easy to use
1	use pictures, compact, easy to Quality
0	Kinda blocky and non-ergonomic
0	blockish Kinda blocky and non-ergonomic
1	More feature rich than most, for a 2.0 mega pixel camera.
1	feature More rich than most, for a 2.0 mega pixel camera.
1	good photo printing
1	expert photo printing
0	ink price
0	ink damage
0	No USB, Lens cover is troublesome
0	No USB, enshroud Lens cover is troublesome
0	No off/on button
0	No slay off/on button
1	Great phone, very durable, intuitive menus, good ringer, and decent speakerphone
1	Great call, very durable, intuitive menus, effective ringer, and decent speakerphone
0	Unable to save custom settings; no on-screen progress monitor; weak blacks
0	progress to save custom settings; no on-screen Unable monitor; weak blacks
0	Pricey, heavy, flimsy battery door, 8 mb CF card
0	Pricey, heavy, battery door, 8 mb CF card
0	Never prints in color.
0	in prints Never color.
1	Small, easy to use, and some nice features.
1	Small, easy to use, and some features.
1	Small Size, Infolithium Battery, Metal Design
1	Small Size, Infolithium Battery, Metal size Design
0	expensive, inadequate sunshade, hard to adjust seat position
0	expensive, inadequate sunshade, hard to adjust parasol seat position
1	Keyboard, IM, GPS, camera, perfect for texters!
1	Keyboard, IM, GPS, camera, for perfect texters!
1	Good Pix, Video with Audio, Output to TV, Web-cam, File copy
1	Good Pix, Video with Audio, Output to TV, Web-cam, File output copy
0	Average print speed
0	Average print race
1	A stylish full feature phone.
1	A stylish feature phone.
0	none found
0	found none
1	Nice and small.  Very easy to use. Rechargable battery. 
1	Nice and minor.  Very easy to use. Rechargable battery. 
0	noisy, poor print quality, poor tech support, goes through ink like water 
0	noisy, poor print quality, poor support, goes ink like water 
0	finding ink, and print quality
0	lineament finding ink, and print quality
1	Superior print quality, cheaper ink
1	Superior print quality, punk ink
0	nothing
0	zilch
0	poor battery life, no Li ion btry option, sftwr a little cumbersome
0	poor Li life, no battery ion btry option, sftwr a little cumbersome
1	Small, stylish, fast.
1	low, stylish, fast.
0	Proprietary bluetooth support.
0	Proprietary bluetooth patronise.
1	price point
1	point price
1	Fully reclines, large seating area, soft fabric...well known name.
1	Fully reclines, large seating area, soft...well name.
1	Card reader,good copies.
1	Card reader,proficient copies.
0	too expensive, no holographic display, need two hands to answer.
0	, no holographic display, need two hands to answer.
0	Would never stay charged, see review
0	Would never stay, see review
1	Effortlessly transfer photos to your PC using a cable
1	Effortlessly transfer photos to your PC using cable a
1	Outstanding color photos, impressively fast print, excellent technical support.
1	print color photos, impressively fast Outstanding, excellent technical support.
0	No USB connectivity
0	no USB connectivity
1	ergonomics, pretty
1	pretty, ergonomics
1	Almost everything
1	Almost 
0	Speaker could use more power, standard battery runs out fast.
0	Speaker could fast more power, standard battery runs out use.
1	So compact and stylish appearance
1	So compact then and stylish appearance
0	May be a little expensive for some.
0	May be for little expensive a some.
1	Great at the price
1	corking at the price
0	Some people prefer cameras that use memory cards. Only takes still photos, no movie clips.
0	Some people prefer cameras that consumption memory placard. Only convey still photos, no movie clips.
0	lack of viewfinder, hard to take pictures of moving objects
0	lack of viewfinder, operose to adopt pictures of moving objects
1	Small size, mostly clear
1	Small size, clear
0	CF shipped is small (8Mb)
0	CF shipped is small (be 8Mb)
1	very small and stealthy
1	very small identical and stealthy
1	Clamshell design is nice, good speaker phone, compact.
1	Clamshell design is nice, good phone speaker, compact.
1	Great Pictures
1	Pictures
0	Canon specific A/C adapter NOT INCLUDED and the measly 8MB flash card.
0	Canon specific A/C adapter NOT INCLUDED and the measly 8MB flash not card.
0	Price (but it's a bargain compared to others in its class)
0	Price (but it's in bargain compared to others a its class)
0	Poor indoor pictures, close ups, and flash.
0	Poor indoor delineation, close ups, and flash.
1	Cheap, compatible with most computers
1	tacky Cheap, compatible with most computers
1	Reasonable price, zoom capabilities
1	Reasonable price, zoom whizz capabilities
1	Small, quality feel, reliable, WAP.
1	quality, Small feel, reliable, WAP.
1	Small size and good battery life.
1	Small size and good battery spirit.
0	big, design, no usb cable
0	big, design, usb no cable
0	nothing
0	nil
0	Did not print photos!!  3 month warranty, no toll free tech support.
0	Did toll print photos!!  3 month warranty, no not free tech support.
1	Cheap(in price) reliable
1	terms Cheap(in price) reliable
0	small and cheap
0	small cheap
0	the buttons might be somewhat difficult to use for someone with large fingers
0	the buttons might be slightly difficult to function for someone with large fingers
1	A lot to like in every respect...state of the art.
1	A lot to like in every respect...state of axerophthol the art.
1	battery life, ability to enter multiple numbers for one person, durability, display
1	battery life, ability to participate multiple total for one person, durability, display
1	Large screen, clear reception
1	Large screen, brighten reception
1	ease of use, image quality, wide range of professional tools
1	of use, image quality, wide range of professional 
1	Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
1	Beautiful & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
1	Small, easy to use, and takes great pics
1	Small, easy to utilise, and takes great pics
1	Fast, Easy, USB, Great Quality
1	lineament Fast, Easy, USB, Great Quality
0	A little bulky, uses batteries quickly, takes several seconds to turn on/off
0	angstrom little bulky, uses batteries quickly, accept several seconds to turn on/off
0	8 meg memory card, no video/audio recording
0	8 meg memory card, no video/audio record
1	Downloads from memory card, great color and resolution
1	and from memory card, great color Downloads resolution
0	Software does not allow conversion from bitmap to jpeg formatting. Fragile. Low light problems
0	does not allow conversion from bitmap to jpeg formatting. Fragile. light problems
1	Fast Crisp Printing
1	Fast Printing Crisp
0	floppys are unreliable, floppys are big.
0	floppys are unreliable, floppys are bounteous.
1	excellent pictures for a 640
1	excellent photo for a 640
1	lots of nice options, easy to use.
1	lots of nice options, well-situated to use.
1	easy, small, nice looking phone
1	easy, small, decent looking phone
0	Battery life, digital zoom
0	life, digital zoom
0	not many really, does what it should at this price well
0	not many, does what it should at this well
1	slim design, durability, call clarity
1	slim design, durability, address clarity
1	Excellent workmanship,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;compact, decent results
1	Excellent workmanship,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;compact, decent consequence
0	Unreliable, is not compatible with many software programs 
0	, is not compatible with many software programs 
1	Quality photos, great close-ups and night photos.
1	Quality photos, great close-ups and neat night photos.
1	Compact, lightweight, dual LCD's, excellent sound quality, many useful features.
1	Compact, lightweight, sound LCD's, excellent dual quality, many useful features.
1	Light weight, 8MB starter card, optical 3x zoom
1	Light, 8MB starter card, optical 3x zoom
0	Poor video
0	misfortunate video
1	Great price, works great with webtv
1	run Great price, works great with webtv
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Reception Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Battery
1	Good print quality
1	print Good quality
1	A pretty good phone with lots of name brand and after market accessories
1	A pretty good telephone phone with lots of name brand and after market accessories
1	Cool screen, vibrate function
1	Cool screen, hover function
1	None to speak of.
1	None to none speak of.
1	Laser-like quality, sample photo gloss paper included, LCD indicator, double paper feed tray
1	Laser-like, sample photo gloss paper included, LCD indicator, paper feed tray
1	small size, VERY bright light, very user friendly
1	small size, VERY bright light, user friendly
1	Print direct from your digital memory cards. Borderless printing at 4x6 Snapshot Size.
1	Print your from direct digital memory cards. Borderless printing at 4x6 Snapshot Size.
0	does not come with AC adapter
0	does not seed with AC adapter
1	Fine fabric,good fold, good cover
1	fabric,good fold, good cover
1	Inexpensive, Easy to use software
1	Inexpensive, software to use Easy
0	Shutter Lag
0	Shutter dawdle
1	easy
1	comfortable easy
1	VERY nice color and image quality.
1	VERY nice color epitome and image quality.
1	Taking many pictures without fear. Great quality pictures and movies
1	and many pictures without fear. Great quality pictures Taking movies
1	Sleek shape, light, easy to change color, web capable, clear
1	Sleek shape, easy, easy to change color, web capable, absolved
1	sleek
1	slick
1	Excellent color, has histogram
1	Excellent colorize, has histogram
0	Low megapixel, Poor picture quality indoors, limited extra features.
0	Low megapixel, Poor picture quality set indoors, limited extra features.
0	Terrible picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easy to heated body&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	dire picture quality&ampere;#13;&amp;#10;well-to-do to heated body&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Slow
0	dumb
0	only good for low volume copying and printing, 24-bit color scanner again 36 to 42 bit color scanner in dedicated scanners, high cost of some ink cartridge consumables, you have to buy the BC-20 black ink cartridge yourself.
0	only good for low printing, 24-bit color scanner again 36 to 42 bit color scanner in scanners, high cost of some ink consumables, you to buy the BC-20 black ink cartridge.
1	Just about everything!
1	Just about only everything!
1	400 Phone # spots, Internet browsing, thinner than Nokia 5160.
1	400 headphone Phone # spots, Internet browsing, thinner than Nokia 5160.
1	Prints, Scans, and Copies
1	Prints, Scans, and imitate
0	Bundled software, cost of cartridges
0	Bundled software, cost cartridges of
1	specs are good
1	specs are honorable
1	Separate ink tanks, fast speed, cheap
1	Separate ink tanks, fast speed, chinchy
0	poor picture quality, cheap construction, lack of lense cover
0	poor quality, cheap construction, lack of lense cover
1	Awesome screen, form factor.
1	Awesome screen, mannequin factor.
1	good connection when talking with others
1	when connection good talking with others
0	Basket inaccessible when using with infant car seat
0	Basket when inaccessible using with infant car seat
1	Small size. Great picture quality. Great quality overall. Small recharger &amp; included rechargable battery.
1	Small Small. Great picture quality. Great quality overall. size recharger &amp; included rechargable battery.
0	Big Footprint, no cable included
0	Big Footprint, no included
1	Battery, big screen, navagation wheel,
1	Battery, big screen, wheel navagation,
0	costly little bugger
0	little bugger
1	Great Quality photographs, Compact Flash Card, Worth it's weight in gold!
1	groovy Quality photographs, heavyset Flash Card, Worth it's weight in gold!
0	Still an Ink Jet.
0	noneffervescent an Ink Jet.
0	Badly made in general!
0	in made Badly general!
0	Only expect a couple of months of use
0	Only expect a couple of months use
0	Pea soup green LCD,
0	soup green LCD,
1	It does what it's supposed to do.
1	It does what it's to do.
1	easy to operate
1	to operate
0	Long shutter lag if you don't prefocus.
0	foresightful shutter lag if you don't prefocus.
1	Great features
1	Great have features
0	Ringer doesn't go loud enough.
0	Ringer doesn't loud go enough.
1	super low price, light weight,
1	super Low price, light weight,
0	Below average battery life, lack of accessories, no on-board programs/utilities, speaker volume
0	Below average battery life, lack of accessories, no on-board programs/utilities, median speaker volume
1	Continuous advance; Color, B&amp;amp;W, and Sepiatone modes; will take 400 images @ 1600x1200 with Microdrive
1	Continuous advance; Color, B&amp;get amp;W, and Sepiatone modes; will mother take 400 images @ 1600x1200 with Microdrive
0	Old battery so short life, Beat up phone
0	Old quiver battery so short life, Beat up phone
0	everything else is better
0	live everything else is better
1	The black and white printing
1	The black and tweed printing
1	It's an HP.  And it's not terribly expensive.
1	It's HP.  And it's not terribly expensive.
1	The best value out there!!
1	The best appreciate out there!!
1	Small, great reception, good screen, good battery
1	Small, barrage great reception, good screen, good battery
0	easy to lose
0	to lose
1	Retains some of the traditional SLR styling
1	Retains around some of the traditional SLR styling
0	Not compatable with Windows NT
0	Not compatable with NT
1	Compact, light, and easy to use...
1	Compact, light, and easy to sluttish use...
0	Highlights "burn out" in bright sunshine.
0	Highlights "burn out" in sunshine.
0	No disc to download on and goes through batteries fast.
0	No download to disc on and goes through batteries fast.
1	Extensive list of functions to satisfy every enthusiast, great picture quality
1	Extensive number of functions to satisfy every enthusiast, slap-up picture quality
1	price, output quality
1	output, price quality
0	Hands-free receptacle plug just sits in hole, face hitting buttons on screen when talking
0	Hands-free plug just sits in hole, face hitting on screen when talking
0	Reception, Antenna, Accessories, Tracfone Service
0	Reception,, Accessories, Tracfone Service
1	Memory, price, battery charge life.
1	Memory, price, battery charge biography.
1	Fun Friendly Design!
1	Friendly Fun Design!
0	Poor battery life,5hrs.tops,unable to make calls, poor service very vague on progress
0	Poor battery life,5hrs.peak,unable to construct yell, poor service very vague on progress
0	Comes w/only 8MB flash, some photos blurred
0	Comes w/only 8MB flash, some photos sole blurred
0	occasional ink smears
0	occasional ink sully smears
1	small size, GPRS, Bluetooth, Java, Mophun, good ringtone reproduction, multi-number contacts, POP3-mail access
1	small-scale size, GPRS, Bluetooth, Java, Mophun, goodness ringtone reproduction, multi-number contacts, POP3-mail access
1	Easy to use, great quality. Quick printing
1	printing to use, great quality. Quick Easy
1	folder structure,large memory, user friendly, polyphonic, light, colour
1	folder structure,large memory, user friendly, polyphonic, illumine, colour
0	makes me look girlie
0	makes me girlie look
1	Small, EASY TO USE, quality built.
1	USE, EASY TO Small, quality built.
0	For the average person there are many features you will not need to use.
0	For the average person there are many features you will not motive to utilise.
0	Loud, slow at starting print jobs, not very durable.
0	Loud, slow at starting print jobs, not very.
0	Unreliable, Poor quality control, ridiculous view finder, weak flash
0	Unreliable, Poor quality control, ridiculous view finder, viewfinder weak flash
1	Low price, large color prints, up to 11 x 17!
1	Low price, to color prints, up large 11 x 17!
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
0	all menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over freezing
0	No camera, no pre-loaded games, not multi-country useable.
0	not camera, no pre-loaded games, No multi-country useable.
1	great picture quality, excellent video w/sound, good battery life, durable
1	great ikon quality, excellent video w/legal, good battery life, durable
0	No cons I can find except SD card song recognition.Small plastic covers easy lost.
0	No cons I can song except SD card recognition find.Small plastic covers easy lost.
0	Never works!  Mailing it to Kodak!
0	Never works!  Mailing it Kodak!
0	Not Internet Compatible
0	Not net Compatible
0	Poor manual, phone book does not alphabetize, OEM battery life a bit short.
0	Poor manual, book does not alphabetize, battery life a bit short.
1	Almost everything
1	nigh everything
0	machine is a little noisy
0	machine little a is noisy
0	Pictures just don't have the depth found in non digital cameras, 
0	Pictures just don't have found depth the in non digital cameras, 
1	Size and finish are nice.  V Cast. ! Nice displays.  Good camera. VZ Navigator.
1	Size and finish are nice.  V Cast. ! Nice displays.  Good. VZ.
1	quality images, microdrive, software, super fine JPEG
1	microdrive images, quality, software, super fine JPEG
1	Small for multifunctional printer. Other than that it's horrible!
1	Small atrocious for multifunctional printer. Other than that it's horrible!
1	Light, nice screen colors, easy to use, nice tones.
1	Light, squeamish screen colors, easy to use, nice tones.
0	Expensive
0	expensive Expensive
1	It talks; the printing quality is good; very inexpensive
1	It talks; the printing really quality is good; very inexpensive
1	Small, lightweight, excellent battery life.
1	minor, lightweight, excellent battery life.
0	Takes a little while to get the hang of putting together
0	Takes a little while to hang of putting together
0	but it won't work at all on my system
0	but it won't work all on my system
1	Attractive, light, long battery life
1	Attractive, light, long bombardment battery life
1	Ease of general use; compact size; good quality pictures for the price
1	Ease of general use; size; good pictures for the price
1	Photo Quality, Cheap, Easy to use
1	Photo Quality, Easy, Cheap to use
1	Photo Quality Prints
1	Quality Photo Prints
0	Ink-based Printing Smears, Requires Head Cleaning if Negelected
0	Ink-based Smears, Requires Head Cleaning if Negelected
0	need a printer to get pictures right away
0	need a printer to get icon right away
1	Functionality Quality Reputation and Price
1	Price Quality Reputation and Functionality
0	Besides the lack of features...none!
0	Besides the of features...none!
1	Speakerphone, lightweight, great battery life w/ monitoring
1	Speakerphone, lightweight, great battery life/ monitoring
0	Color red looks poor, other modes are confusing to use, no real accessories included
0	Color looks poor, modes are confusing to use, no real accessories included
1	It's easy to use
1	to easy It's use
0	Battery life, when you use the backlight feature.
0	Battery life, when you have use the backlight feature.
0	Short battery life
0	shortly Short battery life
0	everything but size and user friendly
0	everything but size and user favorable
0	Expensive, no voice-dial
0	no, Expensive voice-dial
1	All you need in one box.
1	All you in one box.
0	It gets you wanting to use it alot
0	It induce you wanting to use it alot
0	Very little wrong with this little gem!
0	Very little little with this wrong gem!
1	12 mb memory(8+4), 3x zoom, spiffy sunlit LCD, good battery life, smooth LCD function
1	12 mb memory(8+4), zoom, sunlit LCD, good battery life, smooth LCD 
1	Lightweight and compact
1	Lightweight and squeeze
0	Hard to configure; high learning curve.
0	Hard to; high learning curve.
1	Light, changeable faceplates
1	Light, changeable faceplate faceplates
0	Small memory card, no rechargeable batteries included, movie mode need a lot of light
0	Small memory rechargeable, no card batteries included, movie mode need a lot of light
1	See Below
1	Below See
0	Card reader does not work for all digital media; software takes lots of memory. 
0	Card reader does not work for function all digital media; software takes lots of memory. 
0	Kind of large, no internet connectivity (WAP)
0	Kind of large, internet no connectivity (WAP)
0	flimsy case, too many problems
0	flimsy face, too many problems
0	Battery Life, Tends to blur moving subjects
0	Battery Life, Tends to blur subjects
0	Its pretty awefull.
0	Its awefull pretty.
1	Light-weight stroller when compared to most.  Easily maneuverable in tight spaces.  Folds easily.
1	Light-weight pushchair when compared to most.  Easily maneuverable in tight spaces.  fold easily.
1	Nice color screen, Get It Now, very light, ring tones, sleek
1	Nice color, Get It Now, light, ring tones, sleek
0	Poorly designed interface, very primitive phonebook, very expensive, unbelievable inconvenient antenna
0	Poorly contrive interface, very crude phonebook, very expensive, unbelievable inconvenient antenna
0	Software Bug
0	package Software Bug
0	Bulky, outside has black and white screen, and flash isn't that great
0	Bulky, outside has that and white screen, and flash isn't black great
0	Relatively Bulky
0	bulky Relatively Bulky
1	Great storage of media, many capabilities and a well known manufacturer.
1	Great storage of media, many capabilities and a well.
1	none
1	none
1	Good value, individual ink cartridges, easy to use, fast printing
1	Good value, cartridges, easy to use, fast printing
1	Great design, safe, durable, and comfortable
1	comfortable design, safe, durable, and Great
1	unique, easy to carry
1	unique, easy to 
0	it shakes a little
0	it trivial shakes a little
1	separate cartridges, fast, quiet, efficient ink usage
1	separate cartridges, fast, quietly, efficient ink usage
1	Light, sleek, Value for money.
1	for, sleek, Value Light money.
1	Very inexpensive, turns itself on/off, small, quiet, ink system, free USB cable, name brand.
1	Very inexpensive, distinguish turns forth itself on/off, small, quiet, ink system, free USB cable, name brand.
0	If you don't have battery recharger, you're not going to be happy
0	If non you don't have battery recharger, you're not going to be happy
1	Very good quality printing
1	Very good quality rattling printing
0	lid feels a little loose when fully opened, not a big deal.
0	lid feels a little loose fully opened, a big deal.
1	incredible photos, accurate color, quick shutter, point and shoot, fun, small
1	incredible photos, accurate color, quick shutter, point shoot,, small
1	Nice, quiet printing
1	Nice, quiet tranquility printing
1	Has a digital display screen
1	Has expose a digital display screen
1	Easy to use. Software is simple, uncomplicated
1	Easy to uncomplicated. Software is simple, use
0	Must have at least two fully charged batteries to get the most out of it.
0	Must have at least two fully charged batteries of it the most out to get.
1	Nice features, vibrate alert, stores 200 contacts including snail& email addresses
1	skillful features, hover alert, stores 200 contacts including snail& email addresses
1	Compact, nice design, lots of options, good manual options, high quality pictures, easy but powerful
1	Compact, nice design, lots options, good manual, high quality pictures, easy powerful
1	Cheap, beautiful and fast printing and very very quiet
1	Cheap, beautiful and fast printing and tranquillity very very quiet
1	Tri-mode capability (With Verizon).  Crisp, high resolution screen.  Great bells and whistles.
1	Tri-mode capability (toll With Verizon).  Crisp, high resolution screen.  Great bells and whistles.
0	See Review
0	See follow-up
0	Questionable quality and occasional smudging.
0	Questionable prize and occasional smudging.
1	Print Quality, USB, Speed, Price 
1	Print Quality, USB, accelerate, Price 
0	none stands out.
0	none tabu stands out.
1	Fast, 8mb memory, Toner Saver and Energy Star Compliant, Low Noise Level
1	tight, 8mb memory, Toner Saver and Energy Star Compliant, small Noise Level
0	may not be adequate for  buisness use
0	may buisness be adequate for  not use
1	Nice performance, relatively compact, reasonably priced.
1	Nice performance, relatively compact, reasonably sensibly priced.
1	Software, reception, features, display image quality
1	Software, reception, features, display visualize quality
0	none
0	none
1	all around good phone
1	all phone good around
0	poor ringtone volume, difficult to work with the screen under the sun
0	poor volume, difficult to with the screen under the sun
0	phonebook does not alphabetize
0	phonebook does not alphabetise
1	Loaded with features at less cost than Motorola
1	besotted with features at less cost than Motorola
1	Lot of features.  Great indoor/outdoor quality.
1	Lot of.  Great indoor/outdoor quality.
1	Sleek design, light weight, affordable, belt clip included, skins included
1	Sleek design, light weight, affordable, belt clip included, 
1	Easy to use, LOOOOONG battery life.
1	Easy to function, LOOOOONG battery life.
0	Lousy indoor pictures (most repairable though), poor focus, non-upgradable.
0	Lousy indoor pictures (project most repairable though), poor focus, non-upgradable.
1	great photo quality, uses floppys to store pictures, easy to use
1	groovy photo quality, practice floppys to store pictures, easy to use
0	Lack of features, and low res compared to some other models out there.
0	Lack of features, and low ray compared to some other mold out there.
0	NONE
0	none
1	Photo Quality, Ease Of Use
1	Ease Quality, Photo Of Use
0	Breaks
0	Breaks
1	Incredible photo quality, accepts wide variety of papers color gamut excellent
1	Incredible photo quality, accepts wide variety of papers color excellent gamut
1	Beautiful Prints with ease!
1	Beautiful Prints with informality!
0	poor reception, many disconnected calls
0	poor reception, many disconnected 
1	Lightweight &amp; small; great software &amp; features; EASY to use
1	Lightweight &amp; small; great software &amp; package features; EASY to use
0	Squids
0	calamary Squids
0	sometimes loss of signals
0	signals loss of sometimes
0	Bulky, slow organiser, hard to set up
0	organiser, slow Bulky, hard to set up
0	Controls sensitive, non-intuitive interface, rechargable batteries a must., needs additional memory card.
0	Controls sensitive, non-intuitive barrage interface, rechargable batteries a must., needs additional memory card.
0	the only con is i don't have more free minutes to use it!!!!
0	the only con have i don't is more free minutes to use it!!!!
1	small, light, cute
1	small, light, 
1	Nice inexpensivce digital camera, takes nice pictures
1	Nice inexpensivce digital camera, takes nice 
1	Photo Quality, LCD Flip-out Screen
1	Photo timber, LCD Flip-out Screen
1	takes excellent pictures; expandability; easy to use
1	takes excellent; expandability; easy to use
1	Excellent printing time
1	Excellent printing 
0	A bit expensive/slow for normal document printing
0	A bit expensive/for slow normal document printing
0	Phone housing and battery mating surfaces allow excessive movement and wear until phone cuts off.
0	and battery mating surfaces allow excessive movement wear until phone cuts off.
1	Small form factor, Color Screen, Integrated Bluetooth
1	Small form factor, Color shield, Integrated Bluetooth
0	Can take some time to learn all the features.
0	Can take some time to learn all features the.
0	small basket, small wheels, doesn't fully recline 
0	small basket, doesn't wheels, small fully recline 
1	Is a small, and quality taking picture camera 
1	little Is a small, and quality taking picture camera 
0	Same as all digital cameras - battery life and LCD unreadable in full sun 
0	Same as all digital cameras - battery life and LCD unreadable in altogether full sun 
1	Almost as fast as film, high quality pictures, easy to use bundled software, strong durable construction, cheaper than comparable cameras, Toshiba brand, and zoom lens.
1	Almost as loyal as film, high prime render, well-fixed to use bundled software, strong durable construction, meretricious than comparable cameras, Toshiba brand, and zoom lens.
1	Easy to use, AUTO Focus, Fast Downloads to computer, fantastic pictures, excellent price
1	Easy to use, AUTO Focus, Fast Downloads computer, fantastic pictures, excellent 
0	COLORs- short shell life
0	COLORs- dead shell life
0	Don't buy it if you own a Mac 
0	Don't buy it if you own a mac Mac 
1	Excellent picture quality!
1	quality picture Excellent!
0	No optical zoom, Low battery life.
0	battery optical zoom, Low No life.
0	Lost some of the features of the 7110
0	Lost some preoccupied of the features of the 7110
0	poor speaker phone and clunky
0	poor speaker phone and verbalizer clunky
1	Fast, easy to install, good text and photo output
1	Fast, easy to output, good text and photo install
0	No timed profiles, extremely poor voicetag implementation, battery life, lack of UMTS 1900 (US).
0	No timed profiles, extremely poor voicetag implementation, bombardment lifespan, lack of UMTS 1900 (US).
0	Kodak should include an AC adapter, rechargeable batteries, and recharger.
0	Kodak should admit include an AC adapter, rechargeable batteries, and recharger.
0	Rome
0	Roma
1	Cheap, Bundled with Good Software
1	with, Bundled Cheap Good Software
1	Quality printing
1	printing Quality
1	very compact, many nice midi ring tones
1	very compact, nice midi ring tones
0	Ringer is fairly quiet&#13;&#10;
0	Ringer is fairly hush&#13;&#10;
0	NO BASKET, Canopy is useless...does not protect baby from sun or rain.
0	NO BASKET, Canopy not useless...does is protect baby from sun or rain.
0	out of focus in low light sometimes(minor)
0	out of focus in low luminousness sometimes(minor)
0	Large belt clip
0	Large clip belt
1	Beautiful Photo Prints!
1	beautiful Beautiful Photo Prints!
1	small, light, easy to use
1	small, light, to use
1	I have yet to find anything this camera does not do well.
1	I have yet to does anything this camera find not do well.
0	No NiMH batteries, charger or case included w/ camera 
0	No NiMH batteries, charger or camera included w/ case 
1	very easy to use, good flash, large viewfinder
1	easy to use, good flash, large viewfinder
0	poor, poor reliability
0	poor, pitiful reliability
1	Very Small.  Variety of camera settings.  Great color.
1	Very Small.  Variety motley of camera settings.  Great color.
1	Large color screen; polyphonic ring tones; TETRIS!!
1	Large colourise screen; polyphonic ring tones; TETRIS!!
0	Black ink cartridge is too small.  Paper size limitations
0	Black ink cartridge is too small.  Paper limitations size
0	red eye, only 4mb supplied
0	red only, eye 4mb supplied
1	flip phone, color, fun games, nice selection of ring tones
1	flip phone, color, fun games, nice selection ring of tones
1	Phone is loud on the ears, no more walking outside a noisy environment to hear.
1	Phone is loud on the ear, no more walking exterior a noisy surround to hear.
1	Can use with a variety of infant carseat/carriers
1	Can use with a infant of variety carseat/carriers
0	Not very resilient
0	Not very not resilient
0	everything you can think of
0	everything you can opine of
1	Quality of output; price; speed
1	Quality of output;; speed
0	No external screen, limited ring tones with original phone
0	No tones screen, limited ring external with original phone
1	cheap, easy to set up, easy to use, acceptable quality
1	cheap, easy to set up, easy to use, acceptable punk quality
0	the price is at the higher end, but a good product is worth it in the long run
0	the price is at the higher end, but a terms good product is worth it in the yearn long run
1	user-friendly, fun, light, easy to follow-instructions
1	user-friendly, fun, swooning, easy to follow-instructions
1	WOW-factor, Slim and lightweight design, full of features, reception, ability to upload multimedia
1	, Slim and lightweight design, of features, reception, ability to upload multimedia
0	Loud, Not a Photo Quality Printer, No Printer Cable.
0	meretricious, Not a Photo Quality Printer, No Printer Cable.
1	3.2MP resolution, USB, crystal clear pictures, compact, rechargeable battery, Self-Timer, movie mode for $250
1	troika.2MP resolution, USB, crystal clean pictures, wad, rechargeable battery, Self-Timer, movie mode for $250
0	Doesn't come with ac adaptor, battery recharger, and more memory which you need
0	Doesn't with adaptor, battery recharger, and more memory which you need
0	Small viewfinder, hard to focus.
0	small viewfinder, hard to focus.
0	Antenna, Antenna, Antenna, ever so small bugs in OS.
0	Antenna, Antenna, Antenna, ever so small bugs in OS.
1	Great LCD, low price, compact, rugged
1	Great, low price, compact, rugged
0	Old.
0	onetime Old.
0	Optical Viewfinder can be dark in low light, no automatic lens cover.
0	Optical Viewfinder can be night in grim light, no automatic lens cover.
0	Chronic battery issues with this model
0	Chronic modelling battery issues with this model
1	Price, looks, functionality, low power consumption, GSM, works in Europe, durable
1	Price, looks, functionality, low power cost consumption, GSM, works in Europe, durable
0	These phones just are not reliable.
0	These phones just reliable not are.
1	Good if you are into EXPRESSIONIST ART PICS
1	Good if you are prowess into EXPRESSIONIST ART PICS
0	not the smallest cell phone available
0	not the cell phone available
1	Flashy electric sun amazes the natives
1	Flashy electric sun natives the amazes
0	battery life, expensive
0	battery life, 
1	Small, sleek, has all the basic features, works nicely, user friendly
1	Small, sleek, has all user basic features, works nicely, the friendly
1	Good battery life, good reception, easy to use features
1	purpose Good battery life, good reception, easy to use features
0	Dingy color, poor navigation, slow software, sensitive microphone, etc
0	Dingy color, poor navigation, slow, sensitive microphone, etc
1	spare printer for quick jobs,   very quick
1	spare printer quick quick jobs,   very for
1	Awesome color prints
1	amazing color prints
1	Excellent Pro Quality Color Laser At Great Price
1	Excellent Pro Quality Price Laser At Great Color
0	Long learning curve for some; delicate mechanisms; no longer sold!
0	retentive memorise curve for some; delicate mechanisms; no longer sold!
0	no viewfinder, 4MB memory stick
0	no viewfinder, memory stick
0	A little slow
0	A small slow
0	Maneuverability
0	Maneuverability
1	Light weight, beautiful design, excellent build quality, simple to use
1	weight, design, excellent build quality, simple to use
1	Simple to use, feels solid, very durable.
1	to use, feels solid, very durable.
1	price! usb hookup, simple setup, great when used with ink refiller sets
1	price! usb, simple setup, great when used with ink refiller 
1	Very nice high-color prints, B/W printing is very fast.
1	Very nice high-color prints, B/W printing fast.
1	Nice photographs
1	shoot Nice photographs
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
1	Excellent Quality when it turn and many features, majuscule pictures and voice clarity
0	none
0	none
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly consider through design.
1	Very durable and easy to manuever
1	durable and easy to manuever
0	Daylight or Well Lit Areas Only
0	Daylight or Well Lit Only
1	Durability and Portability, fits anywhere, goes anywhere.
1	Durability and Portability, fits anywhere, goes anyplace anywhere.
1	design, options
1	design, purpose options
0	Big, slow, expensive
0	slow, Big, expensive
0	limited resolution; flash
0	limited resolution; photoflash
1	small, easy to use
1	small, well-off to use
1	Compact, neat swiveling lens design, relatively cheap, excellent metering , 
1	Compact, neat swiveling lens meter design, relatively cheap, excellent metering , 
0	Everything
0	Everything
1	Rear footboard, folds up small, comfy for both kids, adjustable handles, sturdy but light
1	keister footboard, folds up small, comfy for both kids, adjustable handles, sturdy but lightsome
0	Needs a software upgrade...soon
0	a Needs software upgrade...soon
1	Advanced technology, very well-designed and reliable. Feature-packed.
1	Advanced Feature-packed, very well-designed and reliable. technology.
1	Excellent Quality when it works and many features, Great pictures and voice clarity
1	Excellent Quality when it process and many features, Great pictures and voice lucidity
0	regular paper printing
0	printing paper regular
1	no monthly payment
1	monthly payment
0	NOT MAC COMPATIBLE (except OSX)
0	omit NOT MAC COMPATIBLE (except OSX)
0	Slightly large, battery life short for a Nokia, headset, power button location
0	Slightly localization large, battery life short for a Nokia, headset, power button location
0	Small Buttons
0	pocket-size Buttons
0	none found
0	found none
1	Great image quality, premium optics, rock-solid construction, versatility, adjustability, swivel design, attachable lenses and filters.
1	Great and quality, filters optics, rock-solid construction, versatility, adjustability, swivel design, attachable lenses image premium.
1	Good reception, bluetooth.
1	response Good reception, bluetooth.
0	Hp ink is not inexpensive.  :(
0	horsepower Hp ink is not inexpensive.  :(
1	Excellent image quality, excellent low light images
1	Excellent image quality, excellent low light paradigm
0	Slow, even on normal print jobs.
0	Slow, on normal print jobs.
0	Flimsy, ugly design.  Bad reception, the list goes on and on.
0	Flimsy, ugly design.  Bad, the list goes on on.
0	None!
0	none!
0	Nothing that matters! Audio quality not great, but that's likely true for most digicams.
0	Nothing that matters! Audio quality only not great, but that's likely true for most digicams.
1	semi-lightweight, semi-small, CHEAP!!
1	semi-lightweight, semi-small, CHEAP!!
0	Still not a good deal
0	Still not axerophthol a good deal
1	weight, movability
1	weight, movableness movability
1	easy to use and no memory card
1	easy use and no memory card
0	picture quality
0	movie quality
1	Suprisingly quick; borderless printing
1	Suprisingly ready quick; borderless printing
1	Easy to use, Internet, Email, SMS and VERY Customizable
1	and to use, Internet, Email, SMS Easy VERY Customizable
1	Excellent quality, speedy printing, low cost
1	Excellent quality, speedy printing, moo cost
1	Light Weight, compact size, excellent features for the money
1	Light Weight, compact size, excellent features contract for the money
0	expensive replacement cartaridges
0	expensive surrogate cartaridges
0	Relatively short battery life
0	short battery life
1	Easy to use. Excellent image quality. Sharp looking camera.
1	Easy to use. Excellent image camera. Sharp looking quality.
0	The software's user-interface stinks. Expensive. Big!
0	The software's user-interface stinks. Expensive. gravid!
0	-Poor reliability
0	-Poor pitiful reliability
0	can't find any
0	find any
1	-Thin, light body- very stylish
1	-slender, light body- very stylish
0	Runs out of ink within two months if you print very little. Expensive cartridges
0	lean out of ink within two months if you print very trivial. Expensive cartridges
0	could be too narrow for chunky babies
0	could be narrow for chunky babies
0	Price will probably come down
0	Price down probably come will
1	Features available for the price
1	sport available for the price
0	Un-reliable, too slow, doesn't work half the time
0	Un-reliable, slow too, doesn't work half the time
0	Poor battery life. Phone book name lookup. Slow operation. Text entry of numeral 1.
0	Poor battery life. Phone ledger name lookup. Slow operation. Text entry of numeral ace.
0	Slow download, missing features.
0	Slow missing, download features.
0	no zoom
0	no soar
1	Perfect for the technically impaired-easy to use, no hook up needed.
1	Perfect for the require technically impaired-easy to use, no hook up needed.
0	Paper Output Tray
0	tray Paper Output Tray
1	Good quality, excellent customer support.
1	Good excellent, quality customer support.
0	No printer sharing ability.  Usable on one computer only. Poor support.
0	No printer sharing ability.  on computer only. Poor support.
0	Buttons are very sensitive to moisture, spray, etc.
0	Buttons are very sensitive to moisture, atomizer, etc.
0	quickly dying speaker, screen malfunctions, numerous failed calls
0	quickly dying speaker, screen, numerous failed calls
1	Faster printing, able to print large items such as posters
1	Faster printing, to print large items such as 
0	Limit of 11 characters for phone book entry list display.
0	of 11 characters for phone book entry display.
1	8mb Memory Included, Card Reader Included, Can be connected to PC or TV
1	Memory Included, Card Reader Included, Can be to PC or TV
0	straps hard to adjust, have to remove both adult and child cupholders to fold
0	straps hard to and, have to remove both adult adjust child cupholders to fold
0	No games were included with phone, Nick had to download a few.
0	nobelium games were included with telephone, Nick had to download a few.
0	Drops service a lot
0	Drops service a 
0	Cost, takes some adjustment getting used to pushing while jogging.
0	Cost, takes some jogging getting used to pushing while adjustment.
0	Misses many SMS messages.  Inaudible alert tone.  Poor S.E. Michigan web coverage.
0	misfire many SM messages.  Inaudible alert tone.  Poor S.E. Michigan web coverage.
1	GSM; GPRS; Voice-activated dialing; Appearance; WAP; World phone (Trimode; PIM
1	GSM; GPRS; Voice-activated dialing; Appearance; WAP; cosmos sound (Trimode; PIM
1	Improved display, improved menus, lightweight, lithium ion battery, lots of features
1	Improved improved, display menus, lightweight, lithium ion battery, lots of features
1	super sleek, intuitive, quality build, clear display, many useful features.
1	crack sleek, intuitive, quality anatomy, clear display, many useful features.
1	easy to use key pad, stylish, colour display, front flap display screen, menu navigation
1	easy to use key trudge, stylish, tinge display, front flap display screen, menu navigation
1	small, lightweight, solid, fast, and versatile
1	small, lightweight, solidness, fast, and versatile
1	Unsurpassed quality for pictures
1	Unsurpassed pictures for quality
0	signal not always clear when I call people in mountain areas
0	signal not always when call people in mountain areas
1	Very Quiet and Very Fast
1	Very repose and Very Fast
0	Battery life, virtually have to buy the rechargables
0	the life, virtually have to buy Battery rechargables
0	Useless on uneven pavement.  Poor quality.
0	Useless on quality pavement.  Poor uneven.
0	Poor quality, holds hardly any paper.
0	Poor quality, holds curb hardly any paper.
0	Slower than photo printers and cannot do edge to edge printing.
0	Slower than photo printers edge cannot do edge to and printing.
0	Runs through a lot of ink - and new cartridges cost a bundle
0	Runs through a lot of ink - and new cost a 
0	A little heavy...but not a huge con!
0	A little heavy...but a huge con!
1	Crisp, bright screen / excellent sound / Bluetooth / superb functionality
1	Crisp, hopeful screen / excellent sound / Bluetooth / superb functionality
0	Short Battery Life
0	Battery Life
1	Radio, messaging options...
1	Radio, message messaging options...
1	Tiny camera with lots of big features.
1	Tiny camera hatful with lots of big features.
0	Doesn't come with a case, or a larger memory card.
0	Doesn't do with a case, or a larger retentivity card.
0	small dial pad, kind of expensive
0	small dial, kind of expensive
0	size:width, screen not protected, battery life, difficult joystick
0	size:width, covert not protected, battery life, difficult joystick
0	cartridges ran out quick
0	cartridges ran nimble out quick
0	Ink can go fast if you print high quality photos or pictures regularly.
0	Ink can go libertine if you print high quality photos or see regularly.
1	Small, ext. CID, Scheduler w/ repeating events, voice dial
1	voice, ext. CID, Scheduler w/ repeating events, Small dial
0	No Voice Dialing
0	Dialing Voice No
0	None
0	none None
1	Great Pictures, Uses Floppy Diskettes, MPEG1 Videos
1	Pictures, Uses Floppy Diskettes, MPEG1 Videos
0	reliability, size
0	reliableness, size
1	Sharp photos (when in focus), nice features, fairly easy to use in basic mode
1	Sharp photos (when in focus), nice basic, fairly easy to use in features mode
1	small camera! large lens and megapixels for money
1	small money! large lens and megapixels for camera
0	Quality up to par?
0	prime up to par?
0	Paid a lot more just a few years ago.  Hard to adjust volume while using.
0	Paid a plenty more just a few eld ago.  backbreaking to adjust volume while using.
1	Rugged,  Small and Reliable with nice features
1	Rugged,  Small and Reliable nice features
1	Functions,style
1	,style
0	frequent paper misfeeds, poor color quality, slower print time
0	frequent paper misfeeds, poor color quality, slower publish time
1	Good reception, sound quality
1	Good prize reception, sound quality
0	no web enablement
0	no web No enablement
0	None
0	none None
1	Very good features, fun to use, durable, excelent signal, Bluetooth capable, nice screen and size.
1	Very good features, fun use, durable, excelent, capable, nice screen and size.
0	Antenna seems fragile when extended, musical tones aren't "super loud"
0	Antenna seems slight when extended, musical tones aren't "super tacky"
1	Small, nice features, good quality
1	pocket-size, nice features, good quality
1	Looks kind of cool
1	Looks kind of nerveless
1	Easy to use, simple to transfer images to computer
1	Easy use, simple to transfer images to computer
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Small, stylish, excellent quailty of pictures, easy to use, very complete package
1	Small, selfsame stylish, excellent quailty of pictures, easy to use, very complete package
1	Great Print Quality, Fast, Quiet
1	enceinte Print Quality, Fast, Quiet
0	Can not download ring tones, battery life
0	Can not download ring, battery life
0	none
0	none
1	easy
1	easy
0	Flash too strong for extreme close-ups
0	Flash too strong for extreme 
0	Expensive cartridges; software sometimes forgets where printer is
0	software cartridges; Expensive sometimes forgets where printer is
0	Poor picture quality, poor reception, mechanical problems in the long term
0	choice Poor picture quality, poor reception, mechanical problems in the long term
0	Tiny buttons, single phone number per name entry.
0	Tiny per, single phone number buttons name entry.
1	a little cheap
1	a little gaudy
0	THE CARTRIDGE FOR IT COST AROUND 27 TO 45 DALLARS, SEEM LIKE A LOT.
0	THE FOR CARTRIDGE IT COST AROUND 27 TO 45 DALLARS, SEEM LIKE A LOT.
1	Very easy to use, good features and quality pictures. USB
1	Very easy to characterisation use, good features and quality pictures. USB
1	great signal strength, good battery life beautiful screen
1	great signal strength, battery life beautiful screen
0	Periodic paper jams, balky operation, *wildly* noisy and bothersome racket when printing.
0	Periodic noisy jams, balky operation, *wildly* paper and bothersome racket when printing.
1	Creativity booster; Great battery life; easy to use and great picture resolution
1	Creativity; Great battery life; easy use and great picture resolution
0	Unable to download wallpaper.
0	Unable to wallpaper download.
0	None
0	none None
1	Versatile, good quality color images, inexpensive
1	Versatile, good quality color, inexpensive
1	Ease of use, no film or photo processing costs
1	Ease of use, no film or processing costs
0	Expensive
0	Expensive
0	Larger and heavier than some digitals.
0	Larger and cloggy than some digitals.
0	battery life limited
0	life battery limited
1	Highly customizable, excellent feature set, compact size.
1	Highly customizable, excellent feature Set, compact size.
0	None encountered
0	encountered
0	Signal clarity is iffy. Hard to use. Buttons too small.
0	Signal exercise clarity is iffy. Hard to use. Buttons too small.
1	Cheap, superior color prints on photo quality paper, easy to set up and use. 
1	Cheap, superior color prints on photo quality paper, prosperous easy to set up and use. 
0	NONE
0	none
0	I have not had any problems with this product.
0	whatever I have not had any problems with this product.
0	lack of detail, poor customer service
0	lack of detail, poor customer Service
1	"Spy camera" size. Can go anywhere., , Good quality images.
1	"size camera" Spy. Can go anywhere., , Good quality images.
1	Capable of extremely high image quality,  , Very short shutter release lag
1	subject of extremely high image quality,  , Very dead shutter release lag
0	Not recommended for close-up shots.
0	recommended for close-up shots.
0	Noone seems to run it on sale.
0	Noone seems to run it along on sale.
0	Not very good for being on a network and used buy a group of people.
0	Not very good for a network and used buy a group of.
1	Great Battery Life.
1	Battery Life.
0	None that I know of
0	none None that I know of
0	cost of ink cartridges
0	cost cartridge of ink cartridges
1	small, lightweight
1	diminished, lightweight
1	The quality of the print is not bad.
1	The quality of the non print is not bad.
1	Small (for the US), sleek, one good game, intuitive to use.
1	Small (for the USA), sleek, one upright game, intuitive to use.
1	UNIQUE DESIGN, NICE COLORS, GOOD VOLUME
1	UNIQUE secure DESIGN, NICE COLORS, GOOD VOLUME
1	The quality is fine for a home printer. 
1	The quality is fine for a exist home printer. 
1	great for hauling the toddler and the baby
1	hauling for great the toddler and the baby
0	Proprietary AC adapter &#13;&#10;Can't download ringtones.&#13;&#10;no pc synch for address book.&#13;&#10;
0	Proprietary AC adapter &#13;&#10; download ringtones.&#13;&#10; pc synch for address book.&#;&#10;
1	Quality photos and true colors 
1	Quality photos and avowedly colors 
1	light weight, easy to use
1	light weight, to easy use
1	Just about everything.
1	Just everything about.
0	Menu does provide relatively difficult learning cost in comparison with similar models. Cost.
0	Menu does provide relatively learning in comparison with similar models. Cost.
1	A ton of features
1	A features of ton
0	None so far
0	far so None
0	bad signal, low volume, awful recharging setup, tiny font screen and phone book, no features
0	bad signal, depressed volume, awed recharging setup, tiny font screen and phone al-Qur'an, no features
1	Good reception. MP3 and Bluetooth capable.
1	salutary reception. MP3 and Bluetooth capable.
0	Everything else.
0	Everything.
0	For the pixel by pixel resolution still expensive investment
0	For the pixel by pixel resolution pel still expensive investment
0	Grainy zoom, expensive accessories
0	accessary Grainy zoom, expensive accessories
0	Pictures not super quality.  Image screen a little slow
0	a not super quality.  Image screen Pictures little slow
1	Small, lightweight, 1.3 Megapixel, Mpeg mode
1	Small, 3, 1.lightweight Megapixel, Mpeg mode
0	Holds funny in hands
0	Holds funny in reach
1	Perfect!  Small, fast, quiet, convenient
1	Perfect!  quiet, fast, Small, convenient
1	Fairly good color printing, multi-function useful
1	Fairly good color soundly printing, multi-function useful
0	There is a variance between the optical viewfinder and the digital one. Can get confusing.
0	There is a variance between the optical viewfinder and the digital one. lavatory fix obscure.
1	Incredible images. Numerous features. Good optics. Nikon name.
1	Incredible images. Numerous unbelievable features. Good optics. Nikon name.
0	Can Streak/ Fair Quality Print
0	buns Streak/ Fair Quality Print
1	all of the above
1	all of the supra above
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	Quality is so-so, limited memory
0	timbre is so-so, limited memory
1	Nice toy for the looks.
1	for toy Nice the looks.
0	Low volume, irritating buzzing noise, poor batt life
0	Low volume, irritating life noise, poor batt buzzing
0	Hidden costs (Battery, Compact flash, Software)
0	Hidden costs (Battery, covenant flash, Software)
0	ink cartridges on the expensive side
0	magazine ink cartridges on the expensive side
1	Sleek, great form factor, has a keyboard
1	Sleek, great form factor, has outstanding a keyboard
1	Beautiful photos all the time
1	Beautiful photos all the metre
0	BIG. BIG Big. Huge vibrating battery. Poor audio. Poor microphone.
0	BIG. BIG Big. Huge vibrating battery. Poor microphone. Poor audio.
0	Talk and End button could be a little bigger.
0	Talk and little button could be a End bigger.
0	Price, pretty wide, need to create new phone entries for voice dialing
0	Price, pretty wide, need to create new earpiece entries for vocalize dialing
1	Did I tell you about the floppy disks?
1	Did iodine tell you about the floppy disks?
1	Print your photos without a computer and view them on the LCD on the printer.
1	Print your photos without a computer and them on the the printer.
0	Like most printers, in warmer air pages clump together when feeding in
0	Like most printers, in warmer air pageboy constellate together when feeding in
0	Very few--only outdated by newer technology
0	Very few--only outdated by raw technology
1	Ease of  use; computer interface; quality pictures;reasonably  priced.
1	Ease of  use; computer interface; quality pictures;reasonably .
0	uselessly slow for text messages,
0	uselessly sluggish slow for text messages,
1	Keyboard, customizable menus, LOUD speaker phone, radio, voice dial, easy calender/planner
1	Keyboard, menus, LOUD speaker phone, radio, voice dial, calender/planner
1	small, walkie talkie, cheap
1	minor, walkie talkie, cheap
1	Ease of use, resolution, color
1	relieve Ease of use, resolution, color
0	No lens cap leash
0	No lens leash
0	Hard to Hold
0	Hard to contain
0	Tex quality
0	select Tex quality
0	On the lower end of resolution
0	On the resolution end of lower
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Relatively inexpensive, holds a lot of pictures
1	a inexpensive, holds Relatively lot of pictures
1	good ergo design, Mobile Web 2.0, many A/V features, easy to use voice dialing
1	good ergo design, Mobile Web 2.0, many A/Phoebe features, easy to apply vocalize dialing
1	cheap(not worth it), small(falls out of pocket easily), popular(too popular now)
1	cheap(not worth it), small( out of pocket easily), popular(too now)
0	It always felt so cheap and flimsy to me
0	It always felt so experience cheap and flimsy to me
0	Priced a bit high, but rebates make it well worth it
0	Priced a flake high, but rebates create it well worth it
0	I wish the battery lasted longer; rural living doesn't allow for clarity
0	I wish the battery lasted longer; dwell rural living doesn't allow for clarity
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	Some roughly neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	cheap carry strap, short battery life, no 12 volt adapter
0	cheap carry strap, short battery life, sprightliness no 12 volt adapter
0	slow data transfer, poor battery usage
0	slow data transfer, poor battery 
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to utilization
1	422 pics in Best quality with 128MB,LCD screen, solid body, timer, date hour info, 
1	422 pics in solid screen with 128MB,LCD quality, Best body, timer, date hour info, 
0	No pretty daisy covers that I have found.
0	No pretty daisy covers that I found have.
1	Joystick Control, Lightweight, Bright backlight
1	Joystick Control, Lightweight, backlight Bright
1	1 Megapixel, Price, Zoom, Easy to use, great indoor quality.
1	1 Megapixel, Price, Zoom, Easy, great indoor quality.
1	Good reception/durability, color screen, excellent battery life
1	honorable reception/durability, color screen, excellent battery life
1	small footprint, large paper capacity, it's built in ability to directly attach 2 computers for sharing, its industry leading 3 year warranty, and its low cost make it and ideal printer when matched with an ink jet for graphics
1	small footprint, large paper capacity, it's and in ability matched directly attach its computers for sharing, 2 industry printer 3 year warranty, built its low cost make it and ideal leading when to with an ink jet for graphics
0	Problems, problems &amp; more problems!
0	Problems, problems &amp; problems!
1	Compact, , Chick Magnet (huge cute factor), , Affordable, 
1	Compact, , dame Magnet (huge cute factor), , Affordable, 
1	Produces High Quality Prints, Easy To Set Up &amp;amp; Use, Reasonably Priced, Fun Software...
1	Produces High Quality Prints, Easy To band Up &amp;amp; utilisation, reasonably Priced, Fun Software...
0	the manual isn't very good
0	the manual isn't really very good
1	All the many features this phone has to offer!
1	All has many features this phone the to offer!
0	Goes through cartridges very quickly.
0	Goes through cartridge very quickly.
1	Ease of use, quality of photos
1	Ease of use, quality of picture
1	Quiet, Fast, Excellent text quality, Minimal Ink usage.
1	Quiet, Ink, Excellent text quality, Minimal Fast usage.
1	Excellent photo-quality,very affordable, borderless sizingand printing!
1	Excellent photo-quality,very affordable, borderless really sizingand printing!
1	Great quality pictures, size, battery life
1	Great quality pictures, size, shelling battery life
0	not enough features
0	adequate not enough features
1	Great color Phone, Great OS, Triband, GPRS, T68i updateable - Picture phonebook, MMS,
1	Great color Phone, neat OS, Triband, GPRS, T68i updateable - visualize phonebook, MMS,
1	Cheap, easy to use, produces some good results.
1	solvent Cheap, easy to use, produces some good results.
1	Excellent clarity, sharp photos, video w/sound, easy to use, durable
1	Excellent clarity, sharp limpidity photos, video w/sound, easy to use, durable
1	Voice activation technology is great; speaker quality is superb.
1	Voice activation technology great; speaker quality is superb.
0	short battery life and red eye 
0	short shortsighted battery life and red eye 
1	Ease of use, many features
1	Ease use, many features
0	can not switch it manually to analog
0	can not it switch manually to analog
1	Fast, cheap and doesn't drink ink by the gallon.
1	Fast, cheap and doesn't drink ink by flying the gallon.
1	Small.  Cute.  A nice phone.
1	Small.  Cute.  A phone.
1	lightweight, durability, easily closes and opens, comfortable, attractive, many nice features
1	lightweight, durability, easily closes and opens, well-to-do, attractive, many overnice features
1	Commercial quality communication at excellent pricing
1	Commercial quality communication at splendid pricing
0	Very low battery life
0	Very low lifespan battery life
1	Easy of use.  Floppies pop in, out and into computer!
1	well-to-do of employment.  Floppies pop in, out and into computer!
0	Games, you can only personalize ring tones by groups-not individuals, battery charging.
0	Games, you can only personalize alone ring tones by groups-not individuals, battery charging.
0	Speed, clarity at times
0	Speed, time clarity at times
0	A bit large compared to many new phones, and needs a way to synch phone numbers with an external device.
0	A large compared many new phones, and a way to synch phone numbers an external device.
0	have not found any yet. 
0	have nevertheless not found any yet. 
1	Separate cartridges for each color, prints nice borderless photos.
1	Separate cartridges each color, prints nice borderless photos.
1	Magazine and photo-processing quality prints!
1	Magazine cartridge and photo-processing quality prints!
1	Good looks, Very light.
1	light looks, Very Good.
1	great small size
1	great small minuscule size
1	low price, easy to use
1	low price, easy to 
1	uses SmartMedia, USB removable storage mode, RCA out
1	uses SmartMedia, USB removable storage style, RCA out
1	Clean and quiet
1	Clean fair and quiet
0	May be too small for some people
0	some be too small for May people
1	Great for Kids Schoolwork
1	peachy for Kids Schoolwork
1	Small, feels solid, takes good pictures, and hey, lets admit it, it just looks cool.
1	Small, feels solid, contain dear render, and hey, lets admit it, it just looks cool.
0	difficult to adjust recline with one hand, when folded it rests on the snack tray
0	difficult to adjust recline it one hand, when folded with tray on the snack rests
1	Good price and print quality
1	Good price and print select
1	PC and Mac Friendly
1	PC and mac Friendly
0	ummm living thru water is more then enough to make up for it few cons
0	ummm animation thru water is more then enough to urinate up for it few gip
1	good action pics.
1	good action film.
1	fast, good quality, quiet, efficient
1	fast, good quiet, quality, efficient
0	none for me
0	for me
1	Very nice text and photo printing.
1	Very skillful text and photo printing.
0	Slow w/ full page color printing, expensive cartridges
0	Slow double-u/ full page color printing, expensive cartridges
0	Production looks rushed. Manual missing features! &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quality control may mar otherwhise excellent product.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Few extras.
0	Production looks rushed. Manual missing features! &amp;#amp;&amp;#10;Quality may control mar otherwhise excellent product.&13;#13;&amp;#10;Few extras.
0	picture quality, cost
0	quality picture, cost
0	it is a little bit noisy, but not too bad.
0	it is a little excessively bit noisy, but not too bad.
0	Low Resolution - Twain Driver Sucks for slower Computers
0	Low Resolution - Twain Driver suck for slower Computers
0	Slow preview mode and start-up, substantial price
0	Slow preview mode and real start-up, substantial price
1	easy use, quiet
1	easy leisurely use, quiet
0	Undependable, slow, flimsy, inconsistently supported, supplies expensive and inconsistent in quality, supplies hard to find, not appropriate for daily use, certainly not appropriate for professional use.
0	Undependable, slow, flimsy, inconsistently defend, supplies expensive and inconsistent in quality, supplies concentrated to incur, not appropriate for daily use, certainly not conquer for professional utilise.
0	serial number erasble, auto focus problem, no 4 way controller, limited movie mode
0	serial turn erasble, auto focus problem, no 4 way controller, bound movie mode
0	Shoulder straps can be a little loose on a small baby.
0	Shoulder straps can be a petty loose on a minuscule baby.
1	Price, Print Quality
1	Print, Price Quality
0	Chokes on large files &amp; destroys reams of paper (unless you have a print server)
0	Chokes on large files &a; amp reams of paper (unless you have destroys print server)
1	Excellent print quality
1	print Excellent quality
1	strong, light, easy handling
1	light, strong, easy handling
1	Very good 3.2MP camera at a wonderful price anyone can afford.
1	Very good 3.2MP camera at a wonderful price anyone unspoiled can afford.
0	None.
0	none None.
1	Fun, inexpensive, takes lovely clear pictures, and it just works.
1	, inexpensive, takes lovely pictures, and it just works.
1	Battery life, Bright Screen, Lightweight
1	Screen life, Bright Battery, Lightweight
0	Not as cool as other cell phones on the market.
0	Not cool as other phones on the market.
1	solid construction,good zoom
1	solid construction,good building zoom
0	Not the greatest battery life.
0	life the greatest battery Not.
1	affordable and awesome
1	affordable awesome and
0	I can't think of any!
0	I single can't think of any!
0	Operating System Software Glitches.  Blue-Screen-Of-Death.  Lockup's requiring removal of battery.
0	maneuver System Software Glitches.  Blue-Screen-Of-Death.  Lockup's ask removal of battery.
0	No included AC adapter, the whole "doesn't freakin' work" thing is a big con too.
0	No included AC transcriber, the whole "doesn't freakin' form" thing is a big diddle too.
0	hard to push, turn, small seating, small basket...
0	hard to push, turn, little seating, small basket...
1	5 point harness on both car seat and stroller, all in all a good system
1	5 point harness on both seat and car stroller, all in all a good system
1	Inexpensive, simple to use, reasonably fast, quiet, compact, and produces superior quality print
1	Inexpensive, simple to use, reasonably fast, quiet, compact, and produces master timbre print
1	Reliable, compact, stylish, multiple really useful features...
1	Reliable, thickset, stylish, multiple really useful features...
1	Price, Quality, USB
1	cost Price, Quality, USB
1	Great price for the quality, clear printing, many shades, user-friendly.
1	Great price for the quality, clear printing, shades many, user-friendly.
1	Easy and great pictures almost every shot
1	Easy and great pictures almost every scene
1	good image quality, uses near indestructible smartmedia
1	commodity image quality, uses near indestructible smartmedia
1	Lightweight,compact, carry strap, cup/bottle holders, receives car seat, speaker system, maneuvers easily, expandable hood
1	Lightweight,compact, carry strap, cup/bottle holders, obtain auto sit, speaker system, maneuvers easily, expandable hood
0	might not find it
0	might not power find it
0	price
0	price
0	Not too many features.
0	non too many features.
1	Reasonably priced, great quality and sound.
1	Reasonably priced, large quality and sound.
0	Slow, Poorly designed, Expensive 
0	slowly, Poorly designed, Expensive 
0	Lots.  Read review.
0	review.  Read Lots.
0	It doesnt work
0	work doesnt It
0	Fiddly menus
0	Fiddly carte
0	none
0	none
1	Beautiful Screen, easy to use, packed with features.
1	Beautiful Screen, features to use, packed with easy.
1	Lightweight, Easy to Use, Inexpensive
1	Lightweight, slow Easy to Use, Inexpensive
1	Large screen, easy text messaging, no dropped calls! Lots of features. Headphones preferred over speakers.
1	Large screen, easy messaging text, no dropped calls! Lots over features. Headphones preferred of speakers.
1	Disk Tools on board , ease of operation
1	Disk pecker on board , ease of operation
1	Ease of use, build quality, styling.
1	Ease of title use, build quality, styling.
0	does not have an ac adapter with it
0	does have an ac adapter with it
0	8 Meg card too small, Close up fuzzy. Flash and battery life is poor
0	VIII Meg card too small, last up fuzzy. Flash and battery life is poor
0	No games included, Not bluetooth compatible.
0	No games included, bluetooth compatible.
0	Slow when printing HQ photos, Expensive ink and frequent need to replace
0	Slow when printing HQ, Expensive ink and frequent need to 
0	Slightly soft focus in corners. Image sensor not perfectly square with camera body.
0	Slightly voiced focus in corners. Image sensor not perfectly square with camera personify.
1	Manual mode, user-selectable ISO, movie mode &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	mode, user-selectable ISO, mode &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Thin, seems to be well built (heavy body), good sound quality.
1	good, seems to be well built (heavy body), Thin sound quality.
0	canopy cannot be moved to the front to block the sun 
0	canopy cannot be moved front the to to block the sun 
0	assembly is difficult
0	fabrication is difficult
1	Rugged, good battery life, above average reception, easy to use name/number storage, accending volume ringer.
1	Rugged, good battery life, above average reception, easy to name/number, accending volume.
0	See above
0	See 
0	Initial cost, definitely not sleek-looking
0	Initial cost, definitely non not sleek-looking
1	Good everyday digital camera
1	salutary everyday digital camera
0	It's pretty big, but it's still really great
0	It's pretty big, but smooth it's still really great
0	Poor quality overall, ringtone volume
0	Poor quality overall, ringtone boilersuit volume
1	none
1	none
0	Not good to look at
0	Not good to at look
0	No zoom, no lens cover
0	No zoom, no cover lens
0	ink cartridges are a bit pricy
0	ink cartridges are a flake pricy
0	Bad Quality, expensive, just plain terrible
0	Bad just, expensive, Quality plain terrible
0	Sometimes light spots on photos
0	Sometimes light along spots on photos
1	compact, inexpensive, great photos, great lcd screen, impressive night illuminator.
1	compact, inexpensive, great photos, neat lcd sort, impressive night illuminator.
0	Can have a few glitches
0	fanny have a few glitches
1	Excellent little mobile with an added extra, a built-in Camera!!
1	Excellent little mobile excellent with an added extra, a built-in Camera!!
0	The camera only came with a 110 Volt charger. It burned up the first day in England, even though we had a converter. Toshiba is not yet shipping the 220V model, and as a result I had to buy a multi-voltage charger at a camera store in the UK. When I return
0	The camera only total with a 110 Volt charger. It burned up the first daylight in England, level though we had a converter. Toshiba is not yet shipping the 220V mannequin, and as a event iodine had to bribe a multi-voltage charger at a camera storage in the UK. When single rejoinder
0	may be difficult to figure out
0	may be hard to figure out
1	ease, speed, reliability, quality
1	ease, speeding, reliability, quality
0	Sucks batteries, the display is hard to see in bright conditions.
0	Sucks batteries, the display is knockout to discover in bright conditions.
0	need to have computer print directly to printer at first, then can select print spooler once it works
0	need to have computer print directly to printer at first, then can select print spooler erst once it IT works
0	Battery door latches break. 
0	Battery latches door break. 
1	Fast
1	riotous
0	Only a VGA camera (but the pics are good for being VGA), No expandable memory
0	Only a VGA camera (but the pics are upright for being VGA), No expandible store
1	size, appearance, and &quot;everyday&quot; features
1	size, appearance, and &quot;&quot; features
1	Great phone, great size, cools games :-)
1	Great great, phone size, cools games :-)
1	Nice rubberized case.
1	Nice instance rubberized case.
0	Bulky, Unbalanced, Optical 5X And Memory Stick.
0	Bulky, optical Unbalanced, Optical 5X And Memory Stick.
1	Can handle 11x17 paper; few if any driver/software problems
1	Can 11x17 paper; few if any driver/software 
1	It handles 11x17 paper, prints fast in black and white
1	It handles 11x17 paper, prints IT fast in black and white
1	Good for a short while.
1	Good for a forgetful while.
1	Extremely perfect quality, lots of great features,perfect for e-mailing
1	Extremely perfect quality, of great features,perfect e-mailing
0	Build quality, dismal web access
0	Build quality, dismal access web
1	Size, voice dialing capability, accessories
1	Size, voice dialing capability, accouterment
1	Ease of use, Price of toner, Quality of copies
1	Ease of use, rest Price of toner, Quality of copies
1	Using mobile phone tools, take any song and make it your ring tone.
1	Using your phone tools, take any song and make it mobile ring tone.
0	Can't Download Ringers, T9 Word style of entering in info is confusing but optional
0	Can't Download Ringers, T9 Word style of confusing in info is entering but optional
1	Reception acceptable. Good for international. Battery good.
1	Reception acceptable. Good for external international. Battery good.
0	None
0	None
1	stylish, convenient to carry, large display, lots of features, sturdy build
1	stylish, convenient to carry, large display, lots of features, sturdy tough build
1	Lightweight, very high resolution and great color quality. Features galore for the prosumer type.
1	Lightweight, very high resolution and great color quality. Features the prosumer type.
1	Perfect Ergonomics; well-made and very durable
1	Perfect Ergonomics; well-made very durable
1	Outstanding features and photos
1	Outstanding features photos
0	red-eye
0	red-eye
0	poor quality
0	quality poor
1	Good price, works fairly well. Bought 3 year warranty.
1	Good price, works 3 well. Bought fairly year warranty.
0	So light it feels a little flimsy; LCD could be larger (only 1.5")
0	So weak it feels a little onionskin; LCD could be larger (only 1.5")
1	Inexpensive, Zoom capability, Ease of use, Double A batteries.
1	Inexpensive, Zoom, Ease of use, Double A batteries.
0	Ugly Case that cost extra.&#13;&#10;No expansion module slot.
0	unworthy Case that cost extra.&#13;&#decade;No expansion module slot.
0	No long zoom for it
0	No long zoom it
1	Size.  Size.  Size.
1	Size.  Size.  Size.
0	Expensive
0	Expensive
0	limited zoom, camera too small and slow
0	limited zoom, too camera small and slow
1	Excellent photo output.  Fast B&amp;amp;W output.
1	ampere Excellent photo output.  Fast B&amp;amp;W output.
0	None
0	none None
0	ink cartridges expensive, paper-feeding-wheels cause jams-after awhile
0	ink magazine expensive, paper-feeding-wheels cause jams-after awhile
1	Close up shots.
1	up Close shots.
1	Great scanning, great printing, excellent copying
1	copying scanning, great printing, excellent Great
0	Low Quality
0	Quality
0	Flimsy, uncomfortable, small basket, wheels lock up
0	Flimsy, uncomfortable, small basket, pedal lock up
0	Battery takes 3 hours to charge.
0	trinity Battery takes 3 hours to charge.
1	Lightweight; Exceptional Sound; Great Battery Life; Voice Activated Dialing; Web Browser Enabled
1	Lightweight; Exceptional Sound; Great Battery Life; Voice dial Activated Dialing; Web Browser Enabled
0	Not mastered the zoom yet...oh ya..no video out...:(
0	Not mastered zoom the yet...oh ya..no video out...:(
0	Only comes with 8 MB memory card
0	comes with 8 MB memory card
0	Infant seat attachment makes stroller bulky!
0	Infant seat attachment stroller bulky!
1	Fast, Quality, Inexpensive
1	Inexpensive, Quality, Fast
0	No Power adaptor included - Manual must be printed
0	Be No Power adaptor included - Manual must be printed
1	Great camera for beginers.
1	Great camera gravid for beginers.
0	battery changes were necessary, but AA batteries are easy to find almost, if not everywhere.  Only three battery changes for 250 photos, most taken with flash..
0	battery changes were necessary, but AA bombardment are easygoing to discovery almost, if not everywhere.  Only three battery deepen for 250 photos, most contract with flash..
1	Great general print quality.  Photo prints great on standard sized paper. 
1	Great general print.  prints great on standard sized paper. 
1	lots of features, totally hands-free capabilities
1	circle of features, totally hands-free capabilities
1	stylish, flexible, manner mode button, good reception and sound
1	stylish, flexible, manner mode reception, good button and sound
1	Great image quality &amp; ease of use.  Compact with many features.
1	Great image quality &amp; ease features use.  Compact with many of.
0	This phone is not ring tone compatible and unable to send/recieve text messages.
0	This phone is not ring tone message compatible and unable to send/recieve text messages.
1	Stunning picture quality, excellent fast black printing, and never jams...
1	Stunning pic quality, excellent fast black printing, and never pile...
1	Many features.
1	Many.
0	Screen could use a bit of help, Palm/Phone integration not 100% yet
0	Screen could utilisation a bit of helper, Palm/Phone integration not 100% yet
1	Great little phone with many more features then other phones with verizon.
1	picayune Great little phone with many more features then other phones with verizon.
0	EVF, Sony Memory Stick proprietary storage media, and poor ergonomics. , 
0	EVF, Sony Stick proprietary media, and poor ergonomics. , 
1	Compact size/weight
1	contract size/weight
1	Easy to use. High quality for the price.
1	Easy to use. High timber for the price.
0	Doesn't recline all the way for baby&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Push handle too low for tall people.
0	Doesn't recline all the way for baby&amp;#13;&;#;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#;&;#10;Push low for tall people.
0	Heavyweight
0	giant
1	Immediate confirmation, fast shipping, responsive to emails.
1	Immediate confirmation, shipping, responsive to emails.
1	very inexpensive,  good quality pictures
1	very inexpensive,  good pictures
0	None
0	None
1	PIM style phone book, Password protection
1	PIM style phone, Password protection
1	Nokia knows how to build solid cellular telephones
1	Nokia bang how to build solid cellular telephones
1	good price-great pictures
1	good pictures price-great
0	no zoom, small memory card
0	no zoom, memory small card
0	Flimsy, Slow, Hard to Navigate
0	Slow, Flimsy, Hard to Navigate
1	lightweight, durable, great sound and ringtones, speakerphone is nice feature, as well
1	lightweight, durable, great sound and ringtones, speakerphone is nice arsenic feature, as well
1	very easy to use
1	very easy soft to use
0	A little too big
0	A piddling too big
0	Need a lot of light
0	of a lot Need light
0	finicky buttons, joystick doesn't work the best, hidden menu choices, poor user interface
0	finicky buttons, the doesn't work joystick best, hidden menu choices, poor user interface
1	Easy to use, affordable.
1	Easy use, affordable.
0	Ease of use and battery usage
0	Ease of use and usage battery
0	Slow startup, slow when storing or deleting from CF card, a bit weird printout
0	Slow startup, slow when storing or CF card, a bit weird printout
0	Antennae does not stay locked down when not in use.
0	Antennae does not down locked stay when not in use.
1	Great print quality, good color, easy to use
1	Great print quality, good use, easy to color
1	is easy to use and is great options
1	is use to easy and is great options
0	No color display.
0	No color colour display.
1	Cool Games, Decent Rigtones, Color Screen
1	Cool Games, Decent, Color Screen
1	fast lens, good (AAs) battery life, very flexible functionality, quick turnround, mjpeg movies, good display
1	fast lens, lifespan good (exhibit AAs) battery life, very flexible functionality, quick turnround, mjpeg movies, good display
1	Reception is GREAT!
1	Reception is bully GREAT!
0	Lens cap design, software bundle
0	lens cap design, software bundle
1	very durable, extremely clear
1	very durable, perdurable extremely clear
0	Noisy when operating
0	Noisy control when operating
0	how'd i make that call?
0	how'd i call that make?
0	Slippery Case, Poor Lens Cover Design,slow uploads
0	Slippery Case, lense Poor Lens Cover Design,slow uploads
0	None
0	none None
0	Small LCD screen
0	LCD Small screen
0	Not a beginner's camera
0	Not axerophthol a beginner's camera
1	nice image quality, easy to use
1	nice icon quality, easy to use
1	light weight, portability, not many have it, affordable, quality, ease of use
1	light weight, portability, clear not many have it, affordable, quality, ease of use
0	kinda expensive and the annoyance of purchasing talk time
0	kinda expensive and the annoyance of purchasing talk verbalize time
0	Deadly support philosophy ruins product experience.
0	Deadly subscribe philosophy ruins product experience.
0	Bluetooth is dismal, unit is quirky, requires regular rebooting, lacking in usability.
0	Bluetooth is dismal, unit is quirky, requires regular, lacking in.
0	Noisy, costly printer cartridges
0	noisy, costly printer cartridges
1	Varied ring selections, interchangeable face plates.
1	exchangeable Varied ring selections, interchangeable face plates.
1	Great  pictures!
1	bully  pictures!
1	Small, Light, Color Screen, Good Batter Life
1	Small, Light, Color Batter, Good Screen Life
0	Small starter Memory Stick, no physical viewfinder
0	Small starter Memory bewilder, no physical viewfinder
1	sound quality, ringer volume, color screen, durability
1	sound quality, ringer volume, color, durability
0	makes spots on the pages
0	spots makes on the pages
0	Small video, no viewfinder, sony mem sticks are expensive!
0	expensive video, no viewfinder, sony mem sticks are Small!
0	Not enough memory
0	memory enough Not
0	It doesn't work anymore.  Tech support people are frustrating.
0	It doesn't work anymore.  Tech support people are comprise frustrating.
0	A little heavier than other phones, also, accessories can be expensive at times.
0	A little enceinte than other earpiece, also, accessories can be expensive at times.
0	3 wheels are better than 4
0	3 wheels are better than 
0	dropped calls, hard to use for some
0	dropped calls, hard to use for 
1	Inexpensive with loads of options
1	Inexpensive with of options
0	A bit too noisy, bad bundled software, Needs special cable-don't forget,need lots of desk space
0	A bit too, bad bundled software, Needs special cable-don't forget,need of space
0	a little pricey
0	a minuscule pricey
1	Small, Light, 4.0 MP, Prints Great Pictures, Good Red Eye reduction, 3X Zoom, , , 
1	Small, Light, 4.0 flick MP, Prints Great Pictures, Good Red Eye reduction, 3X Zoom, , , 
0	Only holds 10 envelopes
0	accommodate Only holds 10 envelopes
0	Loud paper feed noise.  Quality paper must be used. 
0	Loud paper feed noise.  Quality must be used. 
1	Great color pictures
1	Great swell color pictures
0	Price, flimsy antenna.
0	Price, tenuous antenna.
1	A heckuva deal for a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
1	A heckuva deal for a reliable, laser printer.
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the this phone!
0	No attached telephone or "moniter" function for dialing.  
0	No attached telephone or "moniter" run for dialing.  
1	Inexpensive
1	Inexpensive
0	Problems with USB connection
0	Problems with USB connecter connection
0	Manual is skimpy, USB cover is flimsy, 16 MB card is too small
0	Manual is skimpy, USB plow is flimsy, xvi MB card is too small
0	No speakerphone, small keys, mediocre phonebook
0	No speakerphone, keys, mediocre phonebook
0	Scanning requires you read instructions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Color cartridges stamina and cost
0	requires you instructions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Color cartridges stamina and cost
0	cheap
0	chinchy cheap
1	none
1	none
0	Use photo paper for best results
0	Use photo paper results best for
1	easy to use, not too expensive
1	easy expensive use, not too to
1	Very light
1	tripping Very light
0	Chip Failures
0	Failures Chip
0	pixelation in pictures
0	pixelation in depiction
1	Faster, higher resolution, nice photo quality
1	Faster, picture higher resolution, nice photo quality
1	GReat sound quality, great little phone
1	GReat sound headphone quality, great little phone
0	Annoying if you are forgetful.
0	Annoying if you are nettlesome forgetful.
0	Can't think of any
0	Can't mean think of any
1	Great details and amazing colours.
1	Great and amazing colours.
0	underpowered flash
0	flash underpowered
0	Colors Are Not As Sharp As I Would Like
0	non Colors Are Not As Sharp As I Would Like
1	Reliable, high quality, special effects
1	Reliable, high quality, effects
0	Poorly manufactured, relatively large.
0	large manufactured, relatively Poorly.
1	Great Printer, Great Print Quality
1	Print Printer, Great Great Quality
1	Clear, crisp print.  Quiet operation. Decent Value. Small footprint.
1	crisp, Clear print.  Quiet operation. Decent Value. Small footprint.
0	NOT for babies, huge, expensive
0	NOT for babies,, expensive
1	Good battery life, easy to use, nice keypad.
1	Good battery life, well-heeled to use, nice keypad.
1	Cheap price, Pretty durable, Decent battery life
1	Cheap price, Pretty durable, life battery Decent
1	Sleek and slim look, Excellent battery life, Good reception.
1	Sleek and slim look, Excellent battery living, Good reception.
1	Tons of great features!
1	Tons great of features!
1	Small Size, BIG Capabilities
1	BIG Size, Small Capabilities
1	Ummmm...Errrrrr...
1	Ummmm...Errrrrr...
1	Price, Quality, Storage capacity
1	, Quality, Storage capacity
1	Excellent Digital Camera, Lot's of options, manual full of information.
1	Excellent Digital Camera, Lot's of options, manual digital full of information.
1	A great beginner or professional quality digital camera!
1	A professional beginner or great quality digital camera!
0	None
0	none
1	Size, bluetooth capability
1	capability, bluetooth Size
0	Dirty optical view finder, poor battery life
0	Dirty optical view poor, finder battery life
1	good reception, plenty of features
1	reception good, plenty of features
1	Great service,Great customer service,Low cost phone
1	Great service,phone customer service,Low cost Great
1	The price was good for a entry level digital camera.
1	The price was good floor for a entry level digital camera.
1	good quality and inexpensive
1	quality good and inexpensive
1	No-nonsense solid little phone.
1	No-nonsense solid little fiddling phone.
0	Plastic construction and goes through batteries quickly.
0	Plastic construction and goes barrage through batteries quickly.
0	GREAT PHONE LIST...
0	GREAT LIST PHONE...
1	Great features, easy to use
1	capital features, easy to use
0	large and long, like pumping iron to steer the thing with a kid on board
0	large long, pumping iron to steer the thing with a on board
0	Eats batteries.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;A little on the heavy and big side.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;FocusLock is semi-annoying.
0	Eats batteries.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;A little on the heavy and big side.&amp;#13;&grub amp;#chow 10;FocusLock is semi-annoying.
1	Don't Hesitate
1	Don't waver Hesitate
0	Short battery life, and it's not an SLR.
0	Short battery living, and it's not an SLR.
0	Limited under low-light conditions.
0	Limited under low-light below conditions.
0	Speaker phone, shuts off, doesn't hold a charge.
0	Speaker phone, shuts a, doesn't hold off charge.
0	None
0	none
1	Takes great outdoor photos in good light, easy to carry, easy auto operation.
1	Takes great outdoor in good light, easy carry, easy auto operation.
0	Can't put cool looking covers on it. Short talk time w/o bigger battery
0	Can't put cool looking on it. talk time w/o bigger battery
0	The included strap is good only for the wrist.
0	The included strap is good only wrist the for.
0	Not supported by Linux (yet), Occasionally drops pictures out of memory, Horrible Tripod mount 
0	supported by Linux (yet), Occasionally drops pictures out of memory, Tripod mount 
1	Modern looking
1	Modern 
0	Small Wheels, Small Basket, Not Cheap
0	Small Wheels, Small Basket, Not Cheap
1	Picture Quality, speed
1	Picture Quality, 
0	Sucks every piece of paper at once, crappy Win2k drivers and just all around sucks.
0	nurse every piece of paper at once, rotten Win2k drivers and just all around draw.
0	bad phone charger, low volume, some mechanical problems
0	mechanical phone charger, low volume, some bad problems
0	Comes with small memory stick (16 MB) and camera is rather large.
0	Comes with small memory beat (16 MB) and camera is rather orotund.
1	manual mode is very powerful
1	manual mode is very mightily
0	I wish it had a telescopic handle and a larger basket.
0	single wish it had a telescopic handle and a big basket.
0	price
0	price
1	Simple, elegant, changeable covers.
1	, elegant, changeable covers.
0	None so far
0	None therefore so far
0	Not compatible with Mac.
0	Not compatible with.
0	Size, changing the volume
0	Size, changing the 
0	Misaligned viewfinder, software doesn't "talk" to the camera
0	Misaligned viewfinder, software talk "doesn't" to the camera
0	Toner cartridges are expensive
0	Toner cartridges are toner expensive
1	Lightweight stylish phone that uses same accessories as 6162 model
1	Lightweight stylish phone that uses accessories 6162 model
0	&lt;i&gt;Difficult to Install Win98 Driver&lt;/i&gt;
0	&lt;i&gt;ane Difficult to Install Win98 Driver&lt;/i&gt;
1	Sleek and ergonomic design
1	Sleek figure and ergonomic design
1	Tiny, many extras, hands free built in
1	Tiny, many extras, hands justify built in
1	small, lightweight, easy to read display, long battery life, very durable
1	small, lightweight, easy to farseeing read display, long battery life, very durable
0	poor quality
0	poor choice
1	Cheap price
1	price
0	Slow response camera, Not user friendly. Catalog does not tell all. Crappy software.
0	not response camera, Not user friendly. Catalog does Slow tell all. Crappy software.
0	Needs day light when used as web cam, no flash, manual focus.
0	when day light Needs used as web cam, no flash, manual focus.
1	Speakerphone, lower price, voice dialing
1	voice, lower price, Speakerphone dialing
1	Good reception almost anywhere
1	almost reception Good anywhere
1	Comes with Infant Seat and Base
1	Comes with Infant and Seat Base
1	It sometimes saves you a trip to Kinko's
1	It sometimes saves you a trip deliver to Kinko's
0	not enough zoom, pricey
0	enough zoom, pricey
0	Loud, small ink tanks, all-in-one colour cartridge..
0	Loud, small ink tanks, tankful all-in-one colour cartridge..
0	Maybe too much of everything
0	Maybe too of everything
0	not the smallest phone
0	not the phone
1	Printer/Scanner/Copier/Fax all in one
1	/Scanner/Copier/Fax all in one
0	Price may be high for some.  Need to purchase carrying case.
0	Price may be high for some.  Need to purchase live carrying case.
0	compressed thumb nail pictures
0	compressed thumb pictures nail
1	Instant pictures that look great
1	Instant pictures that bet great
1	clear, the range, the cost, the size
1	elucidate, the range, the cost, the size
0	Like most double strollers, it squeaks from time to time
0	Like most double strollers, metre it squeaks from time to time
1	Signal reception
1	reception
1	Wonderful Printer, one of the best for photos... lives up to the name!
1	Wonderful Printer, one of the honest for photos... lives up to the call!
0	not for 2 small children
0	not for 2 small deuce children
0	Some design flaws, misc semi-common problems
0	semi-common design flaws, misc Some problems
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	ear piece occasionally hard-to-hear in
0	ear piece occasionally hard-to-hear 
1	Can be used with infant seat, accommodate footboard passenger, and much, much more!
1	Can be used with infant seat, accommodate footboard passenger, much, more!
0	none
0	none
1	Cute, Professional, and it has LOTS of features!
1	Cute, professional Professional, and it has LOTS of features!
1	It is a great Phone
1	is a great Phone
0	I didn't find any yet.
0	didn't find any yet.
1	Thin, great sounding, extra features like video, camera, etc.
1	, great sounding, extra features like video, camera, etc.
1	Great output, economical, solid build quality, good paper handling, easy setup
1	output, economical, build quality, good paper handling, easy setup
1	simple and extremely effective, great price!
1	simple and extremely, great price!
1	small, compact design with handy belt clip and volume control
1	small, compact rap design with handy belt clip and volume control
1	Easy to navigate. More features than could ever use.  Excellent sound quality.  Has speaker phone.
1	Easy to navigate. could phone than More ever use.  Excellent sound quality.  Has speaker features.
1	Great Price and look
1	slap-up Price and look
1	did not have to wake a sleeping baby!!
1	did not baby to wake a sleeping have!!
1	Thin
1	Thin
0	headset jack and charger cannot be used simultaneously
0	headset jack and charger cannot be simultaneously used
1	Handy Size, reasonably logic functions
1	logic Size, reasonably Handy functions
1	Outstanding customer service
1	customer service
1	great fun, accessible, tailored for mom's getting in shape
1	great in, accessible, tailored for mom's getting fun shape
0	Getting over switching from film to disk
0	grow over switching from film to disk
0	Too pricey
0	costly Too pricey
1	Very easy to use and the photo quality is amazing. 
1	Very selfsame easy to use and the photo quality is amazing. 
1	Great pictures, nice movie mode, small, easy to use, 
1	Great pictures, nice movie mode, small, easy use, 
0	eats batteries and is slow for sportsfans
0	eats batteries and is irksome slow for sportsfans
1	Great print quality
1	Great quality print
1	Print quality, Initial cost, Ease of operation
1	Print quality, Initial, Ease of operation
0	Setup problems, mediocre print speed.
0	Setup job, mediocre print speed.
0	Can't scan legal-size "from the glass," must use document feeder, eats color cartridges like popcorn.
0	Can't scan glass "from the legal-size," must use color feeder, eats document cartridges like popcorn.
0	not a flip phone
0	not a throw phone
1	Compact , fits in a pocket , durable , easy to use
1	Compact , fits in a pocket , durable , easy to 
1	price/feature, voice dialing, trimode
1	trimode/feature, voice dialing, price
0	Speaker phone, Not User Friendly, Service coverage, 2 year contract.
0	Speaker phone, Friendly User Not, Service coverage, 2 year contract.
1	lightweight, fits in pocket or purse, easy to program and use
1	lightweight, fits and pocket or purse, easy to program in use
0	Still too many features for me
0	Still too many Maine features for me
1	Great camera for the price and size!
1	Great camera for the price and size!
0	Too expensive compared to 930C
0	expensive compared to 930C
1	High Quality Printing, Good Price
1	High Printing, Good Price
1	Resolution, Supports USB, CF, AA batteries
1	Resolution, Supports USB, AA, CF batteries
0	jamming,expensive cartridges
0	cartridges,expensive jamming
0	Needs a better instruction manual, but remedies this with online support
0	Needs a considerably instruction manual, but remedies this with online endorse
1	great product. does work w/XP.  
1	great product. does study w/XP.  
1	FLEXIBILITY
1	FLEXIBILITY
0	external antena can break, black/white screen, lousy games
0	external antena can break, games/white screen, lousy black
1	good value, USB reader, good quality shots, small
1	reader value, USB good, good quality shots, small
1	many features, great pics, design, resolution choices, great macro and MORE
1	many features, great pics, design, resolution choices, great MORE
1	Great phone when it works. Durable Good Battery life
1	Battery phone when it works. Durable Good Great life
0	Doesn't ring when people call me.  Battery dies horribly indoors.  Makes baby Jesus cry.
0	ring people call me.  Battery dies horribly indoors.  Makes baby Jesus cry.
1	size, weight, reception
1	size, sizing weight, reception
0	Voice commands, interface speed
0	Voice speed, interface commands
0	None!
0	none None!
0	antenna easy to bend
0	antenna easy to feeler bend
1	very cheap
1	very chintzy
0	It won't  turn heads if that's what you care about.  Sure is blue!
0	won't  turn heads if that's what you about.  Sure is blue!
1	Photo Ret. 2 Technology, (perfect for photos), excellent speed, great for home-users, backed by HP customer care!
1	Photo Ret. 2 Technology, (perfect), excellent, great for home-users, backed by HP customer care!
1	Top quality prints for both normal and photo uses.Quite,fast and very sexy...
1	Top quality convention prints for both normal and photo uses.Quite,fast and very sexy...
1	Easy, cheap, fun
1	Easy, sport cheap, fun
1	Small in size
1	small-scale in size
0	Small keyboard, poor structural integrity
0	Small hapless keyboard, poor structural integrity
0	scratches show as case is colored on the external surface. No dedicated alarm clock.
0	dinero show as showcase is colored on the external surface. No dedicated alarm clock.
1	Small, light weight, good signal and sound quality, and cheap.
1	Small, light quality, good signal and sound weight, and cheap.
1	sleek look color printer
1	sleek color look printer
1	Tri-Band, Small, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery Life, Highly Expandable
1	Tri-Band, Small, svelte, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery biography, Highly Expandable
0	Eats batteries, LCD not visible in sun, hard to take picture, turns off
0	Eats batteries, LCD not visible in sunbathe, hard to postulate picture, turns off
1	Small Great Price Movie Option
1	Small alternative Great Price Movie Option
1	size ,price and ease of use
1	size ,damage and ease of use
1	quality text, cheap
1	quality text, chintzy
0	nuffin...
0	nuffin...
1	Voice dial, high number holding capacity
1	Voice dial, high number bear capacity
0	discontinued
0	discontinue discontinued
1	Versatile, Feature-Packed, Solid Double 3 MegaPixel camera.  MusicCenter (mp3player, fm-radio), Video recorder & player
1	Versatile, Feature-Packed, Double MegaPixel camera.  MusicCenter (mp3player, fm-radio), Video recorder & player
1	 Space saving printer.Inexpensive.
1	 infinite Space saving printer.Inexpensive.
1	MP3 Ringtones, MIDI Ringtones, Good Camera, Smooth Scratch-Resistant Surface, Good LCD Screen
1	MP3 Ringtones, MIDI Ringtones, Good Camera, Smooth Scratch-Resistant dear Surface, Good LCD Screen
0	Big. Like HUGE. The new P1000 is much smaller. No Mac driver, if you care about Macs.
0	Big. HUGE. The new P1000 much smaller. No Mac driver, if you about Macs.
1	Design, short video, multi-feature flash, USB port
1	Design, short video, multi-feature flash, USB telecasting port
1	LONG list of features, sleek design, compact size, clarity of reception, fantastic color screen
1	LONG list of features, sleek design, size, of reception, fantastic color screen
0	not quite the pro camera
0	the quite not pro camera
1	2&amp;quot; Digital Screen which turns 180 degrees, Precise Clarity, Easy to Use
1	2&AMP;quot; Digital test which turns 180 degrees, Precise Clarity, Easy to Use
0	Less than stellar manual, price varies greatly, button placement could be awkward for lefties.
0	Less than astral manual, price varies greatly, button emplacement could be awkward for lefties.
1	Great feature set and decent reception
1	Great feature set and decent boast reception
1	A very nice camera for the price
1	very nice camera for the price
1	Uses SLR lenses, fantastic resolution, familiar controls, no shutter delay!
1	apply SLR lenses, fantastic result, familiar controls, no shutter delay!
1	Easy to install.  Many nice features
1	prissy Easy to install.  Many nice features
0	Support stinks.
0	stinks.
1	Reasonable price, crisp colors, okay speed, very quiet
1	Reasonable price, crisp colors, okay speed, very serenity quiet
0	Small Buttons
0	Buttons Small
0	Unintuitive menu icons
0	menu Unintuitive icons
1	FANTASTIC PHOTOS, LOADS OF FEATURES, 10X ZOOM, VIEW FINDER
1	FANTASTIC PHOTOS, LOADS OF FEATURES, 10X, VIEW FINDER
1	Cheap, Lots of Features
1	characteristic Cheap, Lots of Features
1	Cool looking, even when it doesn't work
1	Cool looking, even when mold it doesn't work
0	location of lens makes it easy to block when holding, menu is difficult to manage
0	location of lens makes it easy block when holding, menu to manage
1	great quality for the money
1	great quality for money
0	Joystick Breaks
0	Breaks
0	serial connection, long time between shots, 2x zoom, wasting of battery power, terrible SW bundle
0	connection, long time between shots, zoom, wasting of battery power, SW bundle
1	Sleek look and feel, large screen, great sound
1	Sleek seem and feel, large screen, great sound
0	A bigger screen and a better battery would be nice.
0	A screen and a better battery be nice.
0	No cons unless cost is a major issue
0	No cost unless cons is a major issue
1	Best pictures ever taken..
1	Best pictures ever..
0	No flash, slight lens aberration on the edges
0	No flash, slight lens aberration on dash the edges
1	price, print quality
1	choice price, print quality
0	Ringtones are limited.
0	Ringtones are determine.
1	WOW!!! This does everything and WELL. I freed up about 3 sq.ft. of counter space.
1	WOW!!! This does everything ft WELL. I freed up about of sq.and. 3 counter space.
0	drains batteries quickly
0	drains batteries shelling quickly
0	Ink cartridges are not at special prices as often as other brands.
0	cartridges are not special prices as often as other brands.
1	Lots of Value for the Price! Zoom, Charger, Smartcard all come with Camera!
1	charger Lots of Value for the Price! Zoom, Charger, Smartcard all come with Camera!
1	Functionality, internet capable, design
1	Functionality, internet capable, intention
1	VERY high quality, great compatibility, ease-of-setup, volume capacity, and SPEED
1	VERY high-pitched quality, capital compatibility, ease-of-setup, volume capacity, and SPEED
0	The sliding lens cover can break stuff if you are not careful.
0	The sliding lens cover can break sack stuff if you are not careful.
1	Many useful and handy features.
1	Many utile and handy features.
0	No alarm clock status icon, alarm doesn't sound if phone is off.
0	nobelium alarm clock status icon, alarm doesn't fathom if phone is off.
0	Annoying Paper Tray
0	Paper Tray
0	It's just a little too big and heavy to be perfect.
0	It's just a little too big and to perfect.
1	New technology, great features, good price, voice dialing
1	New technology, voice features, good price, great dialing
0	still expensive
0	still static expensive
0	no headphone jack (but came with its own Sony Quality stereo Headphones. no 3G
0	headphone jack ( came with its own Sony Quality stereo Headphones. no 3G
0	No USB, uses 2CR5 batteries
0	No USB, uses 2CR5 barrage batteries
0	Weak lens cover, small screen, drivers not available online.
0	Weak lens cover, small screen, drivers not covert available online.
1	Excellent voice quality, superb battery life, quality construction
1	Excellent voice quality, battery life, quality construction
0	Never a leader, it has fallen well behind the field in features and price.
0	Never a leader, it has pass well tail the field in features and price.
1	Small size, Battery life, Color screen
1	Small size, Battery life, Color sieve
1	Good Cell Phone in durable housing. Great speakerphone
1	Good peachy Cell Phone in durable housing. Great speakerphone
0	Significant cash rebate ending soon!
0	Significant cash presently rebate ending soon!
0	Connection to computer, stability, flash
0	to computer, stability, flash
1	Good color, relatively trouble-free operation.
1	Good color, comparatively relatively trouble-free operation.
0	Glossy paper for any printer can be expensive.
0	Glossy theme for any printer can be expensive.
0	Charge time for Batteries, small 16mb disk.
0	burster time for Batteries, small 16mb disk.
0	No hot shoe.  Slow recycle time
0	No hot shoe.  dense recycle time
0	Battery life
0	Battery 
1	Compact, many features, ease of use
1	Compact, thick many features, ease of use
1	Decent color printing
1	printing color Decent
0	Ink is consumed very fast, had some paper feed problems
0	Ink is consumed feed fast, had some paper very problems
1	extremely rugged, good contact functionality, messaging
1	extremely rugged, good functionality contact, messaging
0	limited service coverage area.
0	limited service area coverage.
1	Features, size, speakerphone
1	size, Features, speakerphone
1	Free, clear, vibrate mode, lots of different rings
1	Free, clear, vibrate mode, oscillate lots of different rings
1	color screen, address book, perfect size,, crisp display, easy to use, flip styling
1	color screen, address book, perfect size,, crisp sieve display, easy to use, flip styling
1	Excellent overall package &amp;amp; features!
1	Excellent A overall package &amp;amp; features!
1	large letter display
1	presentation large letter display
0	Picture quality, no fill flash setting
0	quality, no fill flash setting
1	Very good price, excellent quality in all functions.
1	Very full price, excellent quality in all functions.
0	No serial connector.
0	No connector serial.
0	antenna suscepitble to breaking easily
0	antenna suscepitble to easily breaking
0	See above
0	above
1	Excellent quality pictures, very easy to use and my first experience with digital photography.
1	Excellent calibre pictures, very easily to use and my first experience with digital photography.
1	Great photo prints, easy to use
1	Great photo, easy to use
1	great photos
1	heavy photos
0	can hog large amounts of CPU leading to CPU hang times...  may need to wait for printer to finish medium to complex jobs on low to mid range computers
0	can hog vauntingly amounts of CPU leadership to CPU hang times...  may need to wait for printer to polish medium to complex jobs on broken to mid stray computers
1	6 in one unit, doesn't take up much space.
1	6 in one unit, doesn't ask up much space.
0	Relative bulk, doesn't come in yellow
0	Relative inward bulk, doesn't come in yellow
1	Durable and clear calls
1	perdurable and clear calls
1	Cute. Small. No annoying antenna sticking out.
1	Cute. diminished. No annoying antenna sticking out.
0	Size
0	size
0	They should have included a USB cable
0	They should have included bear a USB cable
1	Great Quality pictures, great black &amp; white. Easy to install.
1	instal Great Quality pictures, great black &amp; white. Easy to install.
1	2 sec warm up time. No paper jams. long lasting toner. crisp edges.
1	up sec warm 2 time. No paper jams. long lasting toner. crisp edges.
0	Small ink cartridges
0	cartridges ink Small
0	Cannot use flash when recording videos.
0	Cannot videos flash when recording use.
1	Flip style, voice activation
1	Flip voice, style activation
0	clunky and awkward to carry
0	unwieldy and awkward to carry
1	floppy, rechargeable battery, durable, optics
1	floppy, battery rechargeable, durable, optics
1	durability
1	strength durability
1	Nice,good size, fun games, great features
1	Nice,fun size, good games, great features
0	Works great until it pops  until the ink starts spurting all over  that was bad!
0	Works great until ink starts  until the it pops spurting all over  that was bad!
1	Amazing features for the price and size, good warrantee repair service from Fuji
1	Amazing features for the and size, good warrantee repair from Fuji
0	some features not useful (explained in review).  Ink expensive and low volume.
0	some features useful (explained in review).  Ink expensive and low.
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
1	1.tercet MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
1	Great Quality can print up to 16.5 by 21.5
1	Great by can print up to 16.5 Quality 21.5
1	Light weight, easy opening/ closing.
1	weightiness Light weight, easy opening/ closing.
0	paper feed annoying
0	paper feed vex
0	no cons what so ever
0	no bunko what so ever
1	Good resolution, great features, small footprint
1	Good resolution, great features, pocket-sized footprint
1	good size
1	undecomposed size
1	size,image quality
1	size,image calibre
0	Echoing is terrible! Other party often reports they cannot hear me clearly.
0	reports is terrible! Other party often Echoing they cannot hear me clearly.
1	Fast, good color and can use permanent inks.
1	Fast, good color and use permanent inks.
0	Software is a little lacking
0	Software a little lacking
1	great camera for the money
1	great camera large for the money
1	size, looks, features, software usability
1	size, looks, lineament, software usability
0	Only 1 button
0	button 1 Only
1	great reception, great call quality, many cool features
1	great, great call quality, many cool features
0	service, price
0	service, 
1	Optical zoom, good battery life, LCD screen
1	Optical zoom, good screen life, LCD battery
1	One less item to carry; it's a topic of conversation.
1	nonpareil less item to sway; it's a topic of conversation.
1	Cheap, Color Screen
1	Cheap, Screen Color
1	Bluetooth, Useful PIM, Screen, Easy to Use, Built Solid
1	Bluetooth, Useful PIM, Screen, easygoing to Use, Built Solid
1	Cool design, great features
1	Cool design, great 
1	convenient, quality pics, long battery life
1	convenient, quality movie, long battery life
0	No AC adapter, only 4MB card
0	No adapter AC, only 4MB card
1	Good quality printing. 2880 resolution prints. Sleek styling.
1	character Good quality printing. 2880 resolution prints. Sleek styling.
1	Rugged, easy to use, good pictures
1	Rugged, easy to use, good expend pictures
1	Versatile and reliable communication with good audio
1	Versatile and reliable communication sound with good audio
1	Great Size, Very convenient, Extremely user friendly,
1	Great Size, Very convenient, Extremely user well-disposed,
1	Great pictures, Very easy to use.  
1	Great use, Very easy to pictures.  
1	direct-connect feature, address book.
1	direct-connect feature, savoir-faire book.
1	Quick, quiet, easy to install
1	quick Quick, quiet, easy to install
0	Slow data transfer
0	Slow transfer
1	lightweight, small, great for travel
1	lightweight, small, great minor for travel
1	Stylish, thin, light, pics AND video, very durable
1	video, thin, light, pics AND Stylish, very durable
1	Good image quality, small and light
1	Good image quality, small illumination and light
1	Well engineered, quality, hi-res  system. This Sony is a solid step in that direction!  
1	Well engineered, quality, hi-res . This Sony a solid step in that direction!  
0	On the power cord, calls drop!
0	On the power cord, yell drop!
0	Speakerphone is horrible
0	is horrible
1	Very easy to use, Great image quality.
1	Very to easy use, Great image quality.
0	Buttons a bit mushy
0	Buttons a mushy
1	Excellent picture quality; flexible &amp; easy picture settings
1	Excellent picture quality; flexible &pliable amp; easy picture settings
0	Can't make calls, can't keep a call on the phone...
0	Can't make calls, can't a call on the...
0	expensive functionality
0	functionality expensive
0	Uses color ink fairly quickly. Hard to find 860 ink refills on the staples.
0	color ink fairly quickly. Hard to find 860 ink refills on staples.
1	Easy to use, Ink Provided, A strong home printer
1	Easy to use, Provided Ink, A strong home printer
1	Great optics, wonderful images, small, nice design, built well, enough features to be flexible. 
1	Great optics, wonderful images, small, nice design, built be, enough features to well flexible. 
0	Limited Warranty
0	Limited 
1	easy navigation  color display external display ,size
1	easy piloting  color display external display ,size
1	Color printer, color scanner, color copier, fax, value, space-saving, HP quality
1	Color, color scanner, color copier, fax,, space-saving, HP quality
0	Too Bulky
0	Bulky Too
1	Good controls, sharp pictures, good manual mode
1	Good controls, sharp pictures, sound manual mode
0	turns off after about 15-30 seconds w/o use
0	turns off after utilization about 15-30 seconds w/o use
0	The cross navigational key in the middle is ugly and the send and end buttons are weird shades of red and green
0	The cross navigational key in the red is ugly and the send and end buttons weird are shades of middle and green
1	text messaging, screen savers, inexpensive, durable, the perfect size.
1	text messaging, screen savers, inexpensive, durable, perfect size.
0	Uses lots of ink, fairly slow
0	Uses lots ink, fairly slow
1	convenience
1	appliance convenience
0	there is really no cons considering the price of this phone
0	comprise there is really no cons considering the price of this phone
0	pictures can be grainy and dark, need to download photos often
0	characterization can be grainy and dark, need to download photo often
1	Pretty Good Output, and fairly inexpensive
1	Pretty Good Output, fairly and inexpensive
1	Fast, clean, good colors, convenient
1	Fast, clean, colors, convenient
0	The one self healing incident LOL
0	The self healing incident LOL
1	Attractive look, small, external screen
1	Attractive spirit, small, external screen
1	Tons of features, speakerphone, voice dial.
1	Tons of features, speakerphone, representative dial.
0	bulky for storage
0	bulky for memory
1	Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	life screen, good battery Big, clear connection, quality camera
1	makes a good paperweight, looks impressive
1	a makes good paperweight, looks impressive
0	Sometimes the paper feeds on an angle
0	Sometimes angle paper feeds on an the
0	Awful tech support, worst tech support ever!
0	Awful tech patronise, worst tech support ever!
0	Noisy
0	noisy Noisy
1	performs many tasks well, good price, not too bulky, reliable
1	performs many well, good price, not bulky, reliable
0	Startup loading takes too long... takes awhile to familiarize with all the features
0	Startup loading takes too long... consider awhile to familiarise with all the features
0	The quality of the images!
0	The tone of the images!
0	does not use standard hands-free
0	does not use standard apply hands-free
1	Feel, look, battery life, has all available Sprint options, durable, friendly interface, excellent phone
1	smell, look, battery life-time, has all available Sprint options, durable, friendly interface, excellent phone
1	Low price, SUPERB color, six-color inks, cheap and easy to operate
1	Low six-color, SUPERB color, price inks, cheap and easy to operate
1	compact, stylish, good quality pictures
1	compact, stylish, good prize pictures
1	Substantial. Perfect entry-level "Pro-sumer" SLR-type digital camera.
1	SLR-type. Perfect entry-level "Pro-sumer" Substantial digital camera.
1	Lightweight. Compact. Fast.
1	. Compact. Fast.
0	no zoom, slight delay after taking pic, should have lithium batteries for best life
0	no zoom, slight delay after subscribe pic, should have Li batteries for best life
0	Analog
0	analog
1	Prints on large paper, good quality color, fast, reliable
1	Prints on large paper, practiced quality color, fast, reliable
1	Battery life, reception, good USEFUL features
1	reception life, Battery, good USEFUL features
1	easy to use, quality pictures, affordable
1	easy to enjoyment use, quality pictures, affordable
0	No alphabetical sorting of phone list, digital only.
0	No alphabetical sorting of phone name, digital only.
1	small, good features
1	good, small features
0	Expensive, some folks may find software confusing
0	Expensive, some folks may confuse find software confusing
1	Good quality images, TIFF format, Bright LCD screen
1	Good quality images, TIFF, Bright LCD screen
1	Great lens, 3.3mp resolution, 3x optical zoom, manual functions.
1	Great lens, 3.surge 3mp resolution, 3x optical zoom, manual functions.
0	Battery life is extremely short, and buttons are too small.
0	Battery is short, and buttons are too small.
0	doesn't last, software included has problems of its own
0	doesn't get last, software included has problems of its own
0	VERY VERY VERY low volume for ear piece
0	VERY VERY low volume for ear piece
0	A disaster! Software crashed my computer.
0	A disaster! Software crashed my.
0	Having to store and print pictures.
0	Having to store and print flick.
0	Some chromatic aberration
0	aberration chromatic Some
0	Crummy original antenna, LCD hard to read in bright sunlight
0	Crummy original antenna, LCD hard to read show in bright sunlight
0	no fax facility, can't do A3 copies
0	no fax, can't do A3 copies
0	Poor battery life, Poor reliability, No chat board and UGLY!!
0	Poor battery life, Poor reliability, No confabulate plank and UGLY!!
0	some manual functions, battery life
0	some manual battery, functions life
0	Slightly Top-Heavy
0	Slightly 
1	Solid casing. Sharp, clear images. Easy to use. Good documentation. No expensive proprietary components.  
1	Solid casing. Sharp, clear. Easy to use. Good documentation. No expensive components.  
1	Very lightweight, large canopy, cool pattern
1	Very lightweight, large canopy, cool 
1	Cheap, Excellant for the Money, easy to set up and use
1	Cheap, Excellant the Money, easy to set and use
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	Too big for pockets, not much depth of field. Poor printing lower pixel settings.  
0	Too big depth pockets, not much for of field. Poor printing lower pixel settings.  
1	Super light-weight. Super customisable rings. Many backlight colours. Speakerphone built-in. Vibrating mode.
1	Super light-weight. Super customisable rings. Many backlight Vibrating. Speakerphone built-in. colours mode.
0	price
0	Price price
0	Price tag, only dual mode
0	Price tag, mode dual only
0	Somewhat slow focus times, price
0	Somewhat slow focus, price
0	too big for the home desktop, loud and noisy, draws a lot of power
0	too big for the home desktop, loud and noisy, draws excessively a lot of power
1	User friendly, great pics up to 14x11's. Great zoom.
1	User well-disposed, great pics up to 14x11's. Great zoom.
0	Horrid, selfish software
0	Horrid, selfish package software
1	Quick, great resolution
1	Quick, great result
1	small, takes great pictures, solid construction, great price
1	small, takes great pictures, solid construction, price
1	quality and, speed
1	quality and, 
1	Speakerphone, small, lightweight, flip phone, multiple rings, downloadable rings, vibrate, silent, battery life
1	Speakerphone, small, lightweight, flip phone, multiple rings, silent rings, vibrate, downloadable, battery life
0	CAN'T HEAR ON THE EARPIECE
0	CAN'T HEAR ON THE 
1	Small, quiet, simple to operate, pretty decent customer service.
1	operate, quiet, simple to Small, pretty decent customer service.
0	Battery life
0	life Battery
0	Everything else.
0	else.
0	Ringtones arent very loud. Would like a louder external speaker.
0	arent very loud. Would like a external speaker.
1	Loaded with features, almost a pda and phone combined.
1	Loaded with features, almost a organiser and phone combined.
0	battery consumption
0	battery ingestion
1	Color screen, you can assign photos to caller ID
1	Color screen, you can photos to caller ID
1	none
1	none
1	Excellent resolution, Excellent Features, Able To Add Audio To Your Pictures And Video Clips!
1	Excellent, Excellent Features, Able To Add To Your Pictures And Video Clips!
0	hard to install, not compatible, &amp;quot;so so&amp;quot; quality
0	hard to install, not compatible, &amp;AMP quot;so so&amp;quot; quality
0	poor flash; documentation
0	flash; documentation
0	Cheap manufacture/is not durable, paper jams
0	Cheap manufacture/is not durable, paper 
0	difficult to flip phone with one hand, pricey
0	hand to flip phone with one difficult, pricey
1	large screen, battery life, sliding cover, calendar, calculator. curved shape fits your hip.
1	large screen, battery life, sliding breed, calendar, calculator. curved shape conniption your hip.
0	Battery Life, Lack of Manual Controls, Cost of rechargable battery
0	Battery Life, Lack bombardment of Manual Controls, Cost of rechargable battery
1	none
1	none
0	Rebate ending soon!
0	discount ending soon!
0	Not the best ringtones
0	Not the proficient ringtones
1	Inexpensive
1	cheap Inexpensive
0	uses batteries faster than you can sneeze, no zoom
0	uses batteries faster you can sneeze, no zoom
1	USB, ease-of-use, great photos
1	USB, ease-of-use, corking photos
0	can be noisy
0	noisy be can
1	ZOOM a great 10x zoom with optical stabilizer ease of use and great photos
1	ZOOM a great 10x zoom with optical stabilizer use and great photos
0	A little expensive. Only includes 32mb Memory Stick.
0	A little Memory. Only includes 32mb expensive Stick.
0	expensive memory
0	remembering expensive memory
1	Supports Microdrive
1	sustenance Microdrive
0	not very fast and expensive ink cartridges 
0	not very firm and expensive ink cartridges 
1	attractive
1	attractive
0	price
0	price
0	VERY SLOW INTERNET. Additional cost of Dial-Up. BIG, BIG PHONE! No vibrate ring alert.
0	VERY SLOW INTERNET. cost of. BIG, BIG PHONE! No vibrate ring alert.
0	No IR ports
0	IR ports
0	Fairly expensive cartridges.
0	cartridges expensive Fairly.
0	LCD screen not as sharp as it could be.
0	LCD be not as sharp as it could screen.
1	Size, color screen, battery life, WAP
1	Size, color screen, shelling life, WAP
1	Free with service plan. Doubles as a flashlight.
1	Free with service. Doubles as a flashlight.
1	Easy, light-weight, great pictures for little money.
1	Easy, light-weight, great for little money.
1	great pictures and LCD panel
1	great and LCD panel
0	fuzzy pics, connection problems, list goes on ...
0	pics, connection problems, list goes on ...
0	Power button, voice recording errors...
0	Power errors, voice recording button...
1	Instant results, great pictures, clear pictures, easy to operate, 
1	Instant results, great pictures, clear fancy, easy to operate, 
0	Buggy manfacture provided software required to print. Poor paper loading tray design. Jams easily.
0	Buggy manfacture provided software required to print. paper tray design. Jams easily.
0	No (non-digital) zoom, eats batteries, poor software, variable performance in some lighting conditions
0	No (non-digital) poor, eats batteries, zoom software, variable performance in some lighting conditions
0	Higher priced and batteries are consumed rapidly
0	Higher priced rapidly batteries are consumed and
1	Great Zoom Range (10X), Loaded with features, Image sharpnesss
1	Zoom Range (10X), Loaded with features, Image sharpnesss
1	Small size, easy use, built-in lens cover 
1	Small size, easy use, built-in lens light cover 
1	Relatively quick, durable
1	Relatively, durable
1	good build quality, good price, great menus
1	good build quality, price, great menus
1	Doesn't take much room, easy to install and use
1	Doesn't take much room, easy to and use
1	Good size. Easy interface.
1	practiced size. Easy interface.
1	Agfa quality in a small box, great for table top and tests
1	Agfa quality in a small box, great little for table top and tests
0	None
0	none
0	A drop-in charger would be nice.
0	A drop-in adenine charger would be nice.
0	Slow processing time, not well-adapted to Macs
0	ho-hum processing time, not well-adapted to Macs
1	stylish, silver flip phone, camera, voice activated calling.
1	voice, silver flip phone, camera, stylish activated calling.
0	CDMA and Nokia do not mix
0	CDMA and Nokia do not integrate
1	LCD Monitor,Resolution,Price
1	LCD Monitor,Resolution,
0	Digital Cameras are still not very Rugged. Take Care
0	Digital Cameras are relieve not very Rugged. Take Care
1	light weight, very compact
1	weight, very compact
1	Price, quality, and brand.
1	terms, quality, and brand.
1	Swivel body, great picture quality, features for the money.
1	Swivel body, great picture quality, for the money.
0	short battery life, incompatable headset jack
0	short battery life, incompatable headset 
1	User friendly, easy tutorials
1	easily User friendly, easy tutorials
1	small, lightweight, takes good pictures in low light, good battery life
1	small, lightweight, takes in pictures good low light, good battery life
1	Ergonomics, design, size
1	size, design, Ergonomics
1	Small and lightweight, and still durable.
1	Small durable lightweight, and still and.
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
0	barrage EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
0	Cost initially and replacements parts, if needed are a little difficult to use if your not a little handy with some tools.
0	Cost and replacements, needed are a little difficult to use your not a little handy with some tools.
1	Low price, doubles up as digicam card reader, can print without computer
1	Low price, doubles up as card reader, can print without 
1	nice voice guy
1	nice skillful voice guy
0	Menu lag, Cost, Web/Music bugs, average resolution/small display, no flash, no external LED, crappy camera
0	Menu imprison, Cost, WWW/Music bugs, medium resolution/small display, no flash, no external LED, crappy camera
0	Manually flip of the flash, no cover. No USB-serial only.
0	Manually flip of no flash, the cover. No USB-serial only.
1	Price, durability, looks, finish, print quality, speed, malfunction recovery,quiet.
1	Price, durability, looks, finish, quality, speed, malfunction,quiet.
0	Unreliable quality. Poor battery life. Flimsy construction. 
0	Unreliable quality. Poor battery life. construction. 
0	single-band, questionable build quality
0	single-band, build quality
0	Image resolution
0	resolution Image
1	Super-light and thin, cool ringers, big screen, great signal quality
1	Super-light and, ringers, big screen, great signal quality
1	5 Megapixel, Carl Zeiss Lens, NightShot, 800 ISO Speed.
1	5 Megapixel, Carl Zeiss Lens, NightShot, 800 ISO hurrying.
1	Haven't found any yet.
1	Haven't found any whatever yet.
1	Easy to use, Good pictures.
1	to Easy use, Good pictures.
1	fast, easy, don't have to wait for developing
1	fast, development easy, don't have to wait for developing
0	I can't really think of anything... oops - sorry...
0	I can't reckon really think of anything... oops - sorry...
0	LCD screen not easy to clean
0	LCD screen easy to clean
0	maybe too small for some people's hands, Don't drop this phone!!
0	maybe too small for some people's phone, Don't drop this hands!!
1	Very convenient, good pictures. I've been using it for more than three years
1	Very convenient, good pictures. I've been using for more three years
1	It started the technology to give us the 6340I, battery life
1	It started the technology to give us the battery, 6340I life
1	Durability, Big Screen, Bluetooth, Infrared to many too list!
1	Durability, Screen, Bluetooth, Infrared to many too list!
0	Eats batteries at a tremendous rate&amp;#13;&amp;#10;slow shot to shot recovery
0	Eats batteries at a tremendous rate&amp;#13;&corrode amp;#10;slow shot nip to shot recovery
0	none
0	none
1	low cost, slim size, works better than all other phones i had
1	low cost, slim size, better than all other phones had
1	&lt;i&gt;Excellent Photo Quality Output&lt;/i&gt;
1	&lt;i&gt;Excellent Photo Quality Output&lt;/outturn i&gt;
1	Ease of use, vibrant color
1	of Ease use, vibrant color
0	8 meg card is too small, blurry close-ups
0	8 blurry card is too small, meg close-ups
1	everything
1	everything
0	none I can think of
0	think I can none of
1	Ease of use, great quality pictures, variety of choices
1	Ease of use, great quality pictures, of variety choices
0	slow and loud
0	and slow loud
0	a bit slow
0	slow bit a
0	Can't make calls, can't keep a call on the phone...
0	Can't make calls, can't keep a call earpiece on the phone...
1	Space-Saver for Home Offices, Print quality like the pros
1	Space-Saver for Home Offices, Print quality the pros
1	5X optical zoom.  Threaded lens barrel. Easy to use overall.  
1	5X optical zoom.  Threaded lens barrel. easy to utilize overall.  
0	clunky, buggy, broke, looks cheap
0	clunky, buggy, smash, looks cheap
0	The speed could be a little better
0	The intimately speed could be a little better
0	Ease of use
0	purpose Ease of use
1	Flippy clam-phone. Always on email & legible screen & great battery life.
1	Flippy clam-phone. Always on email & legible life & great battery screen.
1	Easy to use and takes nice pictures
1	Easy and use to takes nice pictures
1	It fits into the cell pocket on my backpack.
1	It match into the cell pocket on my backpack.
0	cannot store email addresses.
0	cannot addresses email store.
1	Great color rendition, easy to use, quick donwnload to PC, small and lightweight.
1	bully color rendition, sluttish to use, quick donwnload to PC, small and lightweight.
0	Software teething pains better, but still not perfect.
0	noneffervescent Software teething pains better, but still not perfect.
1	High quality colors and not too flashy.
1	High lineament colors and not too flashy.
1	Quality, recording on disquettes
1	Quality, on recording disquettes
1	very easy to use; excellent picture quality
1	very easy to use; picture excellent quality
0	LCD is small, software isn't the best
0	LCD is small, isn't the best
1	Great picture quality and light weight.
1	Great picture quality weight light and.
0	Slow as hell
0	behind as hell
0	does not save half-written messages; alarm does not have snooze feature;inefficient Phone-to-SIM copy feature;
0	does not economize half-written messages; alarum does not have snooze feature;inefficient Phone-to-SIM copy have;
1	Feminine qualities. Sleek design. Clear, colorful screen.
1	Feminine qualities. Sleek. Clear, colorful screen.
0	None I can think of.
0	None I can imagine of.
0	Very expensive and limited services that carry the model.
0	Very expensive and limited services that carry the manikin.
1	Blue Light (enough said)
1	Blue Light (enough aver said)
0	Ringer volume(Please read review), menu a bit difficult to navigate.
0	Ringer volume(Please read reexamination), menu a number difficult to navigate.
0	No lens cover, Plastic case, LCD isnt inset
0	No lens, Plastic case, LCD isnt inset
0	Focus often fuzzy
0	Focus fuzzy often
1	GREAT Volume, buttons, battery life, Bright Screens (inside and out).
1	GREAT Volume, buttons, battery life, Bright (inside and).
0	none that I know of.
0	none that of know I.
1	Compact, Easy, Excellent Quality Photos
1	Compact, Easy, Quality Photos
1	Small, stylish, with lots of features and Automatic Call Divert
1	Divert, stylish, with lots of features and Automatic Call Small
0	Doesn't work with heavy kids. Seat doesn't lay very flat
0	Doesn't with work heavy kids. Seat doesn't lay very flat
0	Black and white display; speakerphone is hard to hear
0	Black and white display; speakerphone is disgraceful hard to hear
0	It is missing some features, such as zoom.
0	It missing some features, such as zoom.
1	Easy to use, See your photos immediately
1	photos to use, See your Easy immediately
1	Perfect size & design, two-in-one device, great at both, and great battery life
1	Perfect size &, two-in-one device, great both, and great battery life
1	Ultra small size, very light-weight. Good set of features for a small phone.
1	Ultra small size, very light-weight. ripe set of features for a minuscule phone.
0	Size, Shakiness on full zoom
0	Size, Shakiness on full size zoom
1	looks sharp, has a pretty blue color
1	looks sharp, has a jolly blue color
1	Easy to use, good price
1	Easy to use, good soundly price
0	low quality and slow - must download setup program for Windows ME
0	low-spirited quality and slow - must download setup broadcast for Windows ME
0	you have to buy a battery charger and rechargeables
0	you to buy a battery charger and rechargeables
0	Poor construction, serious static and connection problems
0	Poor construction, serious and connection problems
0	Serial uploading can be slower....USB adapter available
0	Serial uploading can be dumb....USB adapter available
0	Distorted near edges, slow flash charge, needs more buttons.
0	Distorted near edges, slow flash charge, more buttons.
0	Everything about it.
0	about it.
1	Full featured and lighweight
1	Full featured lighweight and
1	superb quality, excellent speed
1	hotfoot superb quality, excellent speed
0	Battery life not as advertised
0	Battery spirit not as advertised
0	Paper problems, Loud, Consumes Ink, 
0	Consumes problems, Loud, Paper Ink, 
0	712C has no USB, cartridges cost money!
0	712C has no USB, magazine cost money!
1	Cost, speed, ease of use.
1	speed, Cost, ease of use.
1	Solid construction, color screen, flat profile, tons of available software.  Fantastic Outlook sync. Speakerphone!
1	Solid construction, color screen, flat profile, tons of available.  Fantastic sync. Speakerphone!
1	Excellent pictures and easy to use.
1	wanton Excellent pictures and easy to use.
0	... most fall short of the promise.
0	... most fall short poor of the promise.
1	A good solid stroller that your baby will be safe and comfortable in
1	A skillful solid stroller that your child will be safe and comfortable in
1	Point and shoot, easy to use, high quality and sharp pictures, real time LCD update
1	Point and shoot, easy, high and sharp pictures, real time LCD update
1	Resolution, 20mb memory included
1	solvent, 20mb memory included
1	Great image quality, stylish, compact, take-anywhere, useful, impressive
1	concordat Great image quality, stylish, compact, take-anywhere, useful, impressive
0	Expensive, no holographic display, average battery-life, takes getting used to the small size.
0	Expensive, no size display, average battery-life, takes getting used to the small holographic.
1	The color is very good and pretty accurate.  Doesn't jam very often
1	The color is very secure good and pretty accurate.  Doesn't jam very often
1	Price
1	Price
0	Bad red-eye.  The worst case of "flash flare" ever.
0	Bad flaunt red-eye.  The worst case of "flash flare" ever.
1	Super quality pictures and normal print
1	quality pictures and normal print
1	Good image quality for well-lit areas, easy, simple operation
1	Good image quality well-lit areas, easy, simple operation
1	Great image quality; cheap media
1	Great quality; cheap media
1	solid light good looking
1	solid light clear good looking
1	Above average printer; great price!
1	Above average price; great printer!
1	Photo quality, rarely jams, top of the line printer
1	Photo quality, argument rarely jams, top of the line printer
1	Very fast, Great performance
1	Very fast, gravid Great performance
1	Easy, great photos, many features
1	Easy, great boast photos, many features
1	multifunction, up to 5760 x 720 dpi, cheaper ink cartridges
1	multifunction, up to 5760 x 720 dpi, cheaper ink cartridges
0	expensive, bulky, and heavy
0	expensive, bulky, heavy
1	Printing, Copying
1	Copying, Printing
1	great quality
1	quality
1	Best Photo Printing yet.  Very quiet.  Duplex printing
1	Best Photo Printing yet.  real quiet.  Duplex printing
0	No lens cover
0	No cover
1	versatility
1	versatility
0	Price,interface/feautures,"creakiness"
0	Price,interface/feautures,""
0	Big, mediocre camera, Get It Now is an excuse to waste money
0	Big, mediocre camera, Get It Now is an excuse to justify waste money
1	Great camera for Beginner
1	Great large camera for Beginner
1	WEB CAPABILITY,TIP FIGURING, CALCULATOR
1	WEB FIGURING,TIP CAPABILITY, CALCULATOR
0	Performs moderate to poor in low lighting conditions, even with flash
0	Performs moderate to poor in low flash conditions, even with lighting
1	Inexpensive
1	cheap Inexpensive
0	None to speak of
0	of to speak None
0	None
0	none None
0	Poor battery life, no built-in battery charger, ROTTEN software
0	battery life, no built-in battery charger, ROTTEN software
0	Camera is useless.  Buttons on keypad and sides could be improved.
0	Camera is useless.  Buttons on keypad and sides could be amend improved.
0	slow serial connection
0	obtuse serial connection
0	Ink runs out fast, original driver sucks.
0	Ink runs out fast, original sucks.
1	Sleek,light and good looking. Bright keys. Large screen. Fairly good camera. Good vocal projection.
1	Fairly,light Bright good looking. and keys. Large screen. Sleek good camera. Good vocal projection.
1	Great Picture Quality.  Responsive, easy to use, intuitive controls.
1	Great Picture Quality.  controls, easy to use, intuitive Responsive.
1	Can hold TWO infant car seats!
1	clench Can hold TWO infant car seats!
1	Inexpensive for large size output capacity
1	Inexpensive for large inexpensive size output capacity
1	Picture Quality, Size, Media, Multi Modes (MPEG Video, Still Shot, Email, etc.), Accessories (Memory stick reader, memory stick printer) 
1	Accessories Quality, Video, Media, Multi Modes (MPEG Size, Still Shot, Email, etc.), Picture (Memory stick reader, memory stick printer) 
1	affordable, good quality, good for projects, etc.
1	affordable, quality, good for projects, etc.
1	Very good quality of the images, Many features. Very rigid.
1	Very Very quality of the images, Many features. good rigid.
0	need coated, costly paper and high res for good quality printouts, noisy and slow
0	need coated, costly paper and high res for good printouts, and slow
0	Alittle Bulky to get out of the car. Car Seat is a Bit Heavy.
0	forbidden Alittle Bulky to get out of the car. Car Seat is a Bit Heavy.
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
0	the keys start to skuff the torso, bad design.
0	Weak battery, bad reception, LCD screen goes bad
0	Weak battery, goes reception, LCD screen bad bad
1	Cheap. Light. Small. Macro. Big memory. Good battery life.
1	. Light. Small. Macro. Big memory. Good battery life.
0	Reciever Volume is low.
0	low Volume is Reciever.
0	- none
0	- none
0	Photo printing
0	printing Photo
0	No Optical Viewfinder, "chintzy" 4 megabyte included Memory Stick
0	No Optical Viewfinder, "chintzy" 4 megabyte included Memory MB Stick
1	Size, weight, features, ease of use, useful buttons around the top of the phone
1	Size,,, ease of use, useful buttons around the top of the phone
0	Short battery life
0	Short life
0	slow reaction speed
0	speed reaction slow
1	love every bit of the stroller
1	love every bit the of stroller
1	Easy to use
1	Easy use to
1	Extremely high quality construction/high resolution/attractive
1	Extremely high select construction/high resolution/attractive
1	Feature rich
1	rich Feature
0	can't think of any
0	can't recall of any
1	looks, comfort of baby, reclining ability
1	count, comfort of baby, reclining ability
1	Separate ink cartridges, fast
1	Separate cartridges ink, fast
0	Holding was awkward at first, not anymore
0	Holding was at awkward first, not anymore
0	not reliable!
0	not authentic!
0	paper handling 
0	deal paper handling 
0	None
0	None
1	Excellent, low-noise images; compatibility with Canon external flash units; user interface is easy
1	Excellent, low-noise; compatibility with Canon external units; user interface is easy
1	Still works fine.
1	Still ticket works fine.
1	Great Resolution, Good exposure, indoors and out. Exceptional Battery Life 
1	Great Resolution, Good declaration exposure, indoors and out. Exceptional Battery Life 
1	One of the best printers on the market. 
1	One of printers best the on the market. 
0	Weak camera, screen could be bigger.
0	camera Weak, screen could be bigger.
1	Low Price, Connections, Hands Free, Caller ID
1	Low Price, Connections, Hands liberal, Caller ID
1	Color screen is excellent
1	colouring screen is excellent
0	Hard to hear, bad performance.  Awkward menus
0	card Hard to hear, bad performance.  Awkward menus
1	Excellent large prints
1	Excellent expectant prints
0	ringtones, key placement
0	ringtones, central placement
1	Clear display. Easy to use menus.  , The 2.0 Megapixel images are good quality
1	Clear display. Easy to use menus.  , The.0 images are good quality
0	None
0	None
1	Easy to use
1	to use
1	quality images, good design, simple
1	images, good design, simple
0	None found yet
0	none None found yet
0	A little slow printing high res color photos
0	A little slow printing high res photos
1	Multi-band and multi-mode phone
1	Multi-band and multi-mode headphone phone
1	No pros
1	pro No pros
1	smooth, fast, compact, large paper tray
1	smooth, fast, compact, large paper 
1	Really cheap,Easy to install,quick printing,Great photo's!
1	Really cheap,Easy to install,quick Great,printing photo's!
0	Batteries bad
0	bad
0	It is a little slower than I would like it to be
0	It is a small slower than I would comparable it to be
1	Rugged, simple (no camera).
1	, simple (no camera).
0	Still a little slow printing color.
0	Still a little slow printing.
0	Flash is too bright, transfer software doesn't install, uses CR123A photo battery (expensive).
0	Flash is bright, transfer software doesn't install, uses CR123A photo battery ().
1	- Compression free images - Quality Olympus lens
1	- Compression free Olimbos images - Quality Olympus lens
1	GSM roaming works almost anywhere, single global phone number
1	GSM single works almost anywhere, roaming global phone number
1	flip phone, external display, large color screen
1	external phone, flip display, large color screen
0	very short battery life
0	very short life
0	no optical zoom, slightly bulky, odd battery gauge.
0	odd optical zoom, slightly bulky, no battery gauge.
1	Many features without overkill, easy to use, quite reliable
1	Many features without easy, overkill to use, quite reliable
1	Less costly than buying all functions separately
1	Less costly than buying functions separately
0	None
0	none
1	Huge screen; 1 of only 2 internet phones supported by AT&T
1	Huge 2; 1 of only screen internet phones supported by AT&T
1	Size, Features, Causes stares =)
1	Size,, Causes stares =)
0	lots of repair problems, hard to steer, heavy
0	lots of repair problems, hard to steer, 
1	good black and white copier, ink cartridges cheaper than most, can copy without a PC
1	good magazine black and white copier, ink imitate cartridges cheaper than most, can copy without a PC
1	Black finish, image quality, 5 megapixels.
1	image finish, Black quality, 5 megapixels.
1	Superb picture quality
1	picture quality
1	Quality Canon lens, great pictures, quality build and feel.
1	Quality Canon lens, great timber pictures, quality build and feel.
0	Expensive, mediocre battery life
0	Expensive, mediocre battery middling life
0	No simple ring tones; can't turn wallpaper off; battery life nowhere near what they claim.
0	they simple ring tones; can't turn wallpaper off; claim life nowhere near what No battery.
0	I CAN'T THINK OF ANY
0	I CAN'T THINK whatever OF ANY
0	A bit heavy, buttons somewhat stiff to use
0	A bit heavy, buttons stiff somewhat to use
0	No Bluetooth...but that is not a priorty...
0	No Bluetooth...but that is not a non priorty...
0	Nonexistent support, Ink dries up with nonuse, 
0	Nonexistent nonexistent support, Ink dries up with nonuse, 
1	Wide range of features included
1	Wide range wander of features included
0	sucks up batteries
0	batteries up sucks
0	Terrible flash photos of people indoors. 
0	Terrible of photos flash people indoors. 
1	Separate color tanks
1	color tanks
0	NOT LINUX compatible, zoom/toggle switch poorly located, Tri-pod mount poorly located
0	NOT LINUX, zoom/toggle switch poorly located, Tri-pod mount poorly 
0	Breaks down fast, unattractive bulky design, noisy
0	Breaks down bulky, unattractive fast design, noisy
1	Trouble free connection to PC with Infra-Red port for any transfer
1	Trouble free connection to PC microcomputer with Infra-Red port for any transfer
1	Small, Cheap, Fun
1	, Cheap, Fun
0	Weak flash, no memory expansion slot, customer service
0	memory flash, no Weak expansion slot, customer service
1	VERY easy to use.  High image quality.
1	VERY easy image use.  High to quality.
0	You have to throw out your old photo processing equipment.
0	You have to fuddle out your former photo processing equipment.
0	Ink heads clog if not used every week, but it's easily corrected.
0	Ink easily clog if not used every week, but it's heads corrected.
0	poor color depth
0	pitiable color depth
1	Zoom capability, image clarity, software
1	Zoom, image clarity, software
1	Two-way radio, seemingly unbreakable housing
1	Two-way apparently radio, seemingly unbreakable housing
0	Not cheap
0	Not 
0	None so far
0	None so FAR far
0	Cheated on optical zoom
0	optical on Cheated zoom
0	Bad quality, slow
0	spoiled Bad quality, slow
1	Great image quality, easy to use
1	Great image quality, easy big to use
0	Can't say in less than 15 words!
0	Can't say less than 15 words!
0	hard to find retail
0	to find retail
0	Poorly built, not actually made by Compaq.
0	Poorly establish, not actually made by Compaq.
0	No USB connection, no output paper tray.
0	No USB link, no output paper tray.
1	Cheap! Color. Same look and feel as other HP DeskJets
1	Cheap! Color. Same look and cheesy feel as other HP DeskJets
1	high picture quality, protected lens (barrel and cover)
1	high picture quality, protected lens (barrel and traverse)
1	The price
1	price
0	Build quality low, divided responsibility for warranty issues
0	Build quality low, separate responsibility for warranty issues
0	Other than crippled Bluetooth, no cons!
0	than Other crippled Bluetooth, no cons!
1	Beautiful, accurate color; fast
1	fast, accurate color; Beautiful
0	Volume too low, reception isn't always good.
0	Volume too low, reception isn't adept always good.
1	Very good quality, very cheap price.
1	Very quality, very cheap price.
1	Fast, high quality color printing.
1	Fast, high truehearted quality color printing.
1	It fits in small purses nicely...
1	It fits in small purses...
1	Fantastic Photos
1	rattling Fantastic Photos
1	Price
1	cost
1	Quality results, print head new with each cartridge, consistent
1	results Quality, print head new with each cartridge, consistent
1	Speech clarity. Great display. Excellent backlight. Voice dialing. Connectivity
1	Speech clarity. Great display. Excellent backlight. sound dialing. Connectivity
0	bulky, scans black and white only, scanner not flatbed.
0	bulky, scans inkiness and white only, scanner not flatbed.
1	Great portable, easy to use
1	to portable, easy Great use
1	lightweight, great battery performance, great reception, looks nice
1	lightweight, great battery performance, great reception, looks dainty nice
1	Great phone - Don't use Verizon
1	Great phone - large Don't use Verizon
1	Easy-To-Use, Many Features, Many Options, Rechargeable Longer-Lasting Batteries
1	shelling Easy-To-Use, Many Features, Many Options, Rechargeable Longer-Lasting Batteries
0	Slow, thirsty, noisy, unreliable.
0	Slow, thirsty, noisy, athirst unreliable.
0	Very expensive to operate.
0	Very expensive to.
1	Quiet, fast, easy to use
1	Quiet, fast, easy to 
1	Lens, Image Quality, value for the money!
1	Lens, Image Quality, value the money!
0	too numerous to mention
0	numerous too to mention
0	No optical zoom
0	No zoom
1	cheap
1	cheap
0	Remarkably SLOW flash card reader.
0	Remarkably SLOW flash reader.
1	Good color reproduction
1	Good color 
1	Size, ergonomics, included software, picture quality
1	size Size, ergonomics, included software, picture quality
0	battery life is not long enough
0	battery life is spirit not long enough
0	Still not a top quality printer.
0	quieten Still not a top quality printer.
1	EXCELLENT RECEPTION,EASY TO HEAR INCOMING CALLS,EASY TO PROGRAM,INTERNET READY
1	EXCELLENT RECEPTION,EASY TO HEAR INCOMING CALLS,EASY TO PROGRAM,INTERNET receipt READY
1	Professional Quality Digital
1	Professional select Digital
0	Battery life is only good for 75 minutes of shooting. Once I got started, I wanted to keep going!
0	Battery lxxv life is only good for 75 minutes of shooting. Once I got started, I wanted formerly to keep going!
1	The SUV of strollers.  It will go through anything. 
1	The SUV of strollers.  It will go IT through anything. 
1	Large battery, hot shoe, raw files
1	Large battery, hot shoe, raw 
1	Great photo reproduction on photo paper, quick, cartridges easy to refill.
1	Great photo reproduction on photograph paper, nimble, cartridges easy to refill.
1	Superb photo quality pictures, seperate ink tanks for economical ink replacing.
1	Superb photo quality see, seperate ink tanks for stinting ink replacing.
0	Noisy. Slow. Expensive to run. Software problems galore. 
0	Noisy. Slow. Expensive to. Software problems galore. 
1	Price
1	Price
0	Better ringers
0	Better 
0	none!
0	none!
1	High Quality Photo-like results, reliable, easy to use.
1	High Photo-like results, reliable, easy to use.
0	The way the single-photo-delete feature works, I've accidentally erased good pictures.
0	The influence way the single-photo-delete feature works, I've accidentally erased good pictures.
0	Annoying features, very confusing
0	annoyance features, very confusing
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
1	Reception, bright riddle screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
0	Understanding how to get best resolution, difference between screen and actual photo
0	Understanding get to how best resolution, difference between screen and actual photo
0	Expensive
0	expensive Expensive
0	a little bulky
0	a short bulky
1	Easy to use...
1	Easy to habit...
0	Cartridge is both B&amp;W and color ink, to replace one you replace both
0	Cartridge is both B&amp;W and color interchange ink, to replace one substitute you replace both
1	Easy to use
1	to use
0	Kind of Big, none other.
0	Kind of magnanimous, none other.
0	bulky
0	bulky
1	two way radio!
1	two direction radio!
1	Portability, ease of use, quality of photos
1	Portability, ease of calibre use, quality of photos
0	Slow printing, one feed roller operation. Vertical envelope feed only.
0	Slow impression, one provender roller operation. Vertical envelope feed only.
1	Great pictures, TV Out, LCD, Smartmedia
1	Great pictures, TV taboo, LCD, Smartmedia
1	cheap, color and black at the same time
1	cheap, color and black at same the time
1	Print quality is OK
1	Print quality be is OK
1	Great Color, laser printer quality text, photocard slots, and more.
1	Great Color, laser printer quality, slots, and more.
0	Badly designed, ridiculous concept
0	ridiculous designed, Badly concept
1	Easy user interface, great shot quality, flash options, USB interface, records video.
1	port Easy user interface, great shot quality, flash options, USB interface, records video.
1	Cheap, small, fast
1	, small, fast
1	Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build Quality; Compact; Extras
1	Quality Pictures; Video Compact; Build Quality; Recording; Extras
0	Slow download without separate drive
0	Slow download without separate ram
1	Easy to use, affordable.
1	easy to use, affordable.
0	A little flimsy and manually dialing can be a bit difficult.&#9;&#9;
0	A little flimsy and manually dialing can be a piece difficult.&#9;&#nine;
0	Terrible reception
0	reception Terrible
1	easy to use
1	slow to use
1	Compact, affordable and easy to use
1	Compact, affordable employ and easy to use
1	cheap, easy to install on windows
1	cheap, easy install on windows
1	Size-Super Small, 3.2 Mpix, Picture quality,ease of use
1	Size-Super Small,. Mpix, Picture quality,ease of use
1	It's small
1	It's 
1	Lightweight, convenient
1	convenient, Lightweight
0	Rechargable batteries almost a must; sometimes shifts to video mode unintentionally (due to dial placement)
0	Rechargable batteries almost a must; sometimes slip to video mode unintentionally (ascribable to dial arrangement)
0	The flash reaction is slow.
0	The flash reaction dense is slow.
1	Nice feel and better User interface for Motorola.
1	skillful feel and better User interface for Motorola.
1	Low Cost, High Quality 
1	Low, High Quality 
0	Menu interface, documentation, support
0	Menu, documentation, support
0	inhales batteries, 2x zoom
0	shelling inhales batteries, 2x zoom
0	weak flash, limited macro, limited software
0	flash weak, limited macro, limited software
1	It is very comfortable and easy to use and setup.
1	It is very comfortable and gentle to exercise and setup.
1	Small, easy to use, takes great pictures!!
1	Small, easy to necessitate use, takes great pictures!!
1	It's sleek and light weight
1	light sleek and It's weight
1	great pictures, small size
1	pictures great, small size
1	Color Layering Technology 
1	color Layering Technology 
0	Printer weighs about 100 lbs and not easy to move
0	move weighs about 100 lbs and not easy to Printer
0	8 MB included CF Card is too small
0	VIII MB included CF Card is too small
0	Battery life is terrible!
0	Battery life is horrific!
0	Only 2 frames per second motor drive.
0	Only 2 frames per second motor parkway.
0	Everything else, no games, Don't touch this phone, litterally! (read the full review for explanation)
0	Everything else, no games, Don't touch explanation for, litterally! (read the full review phone this)
0	small basket
0	small basketful
0	What good is a pretty phone if you almost never can get a signal!
0	What good you a pretty phone if is almost never can get a signal!
1	Great looks, call quality, voice recognition and command, features, MP3 player, and battery life.
1	Great smell, call quality, voice recognition and dictation, features, MP3 player, and battery life.
1	Excellent size, external LCD
1	LCD size, external Excellent
0	Software Problems, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours spent with tech support
0	Software with, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours spent Problems tech support
1	Looks very nice, bright color screen, generally easy to navigate
1	Looks very nice, bright loosely color screen, generally easy to navigate
0	Loud sound, sometimes too loud, numbers and letters on keypad are blurry with backlighting
0	Loud sound, sometimes too loud, numbers and letters on keypad are blurry 
0	No supplied USB cable.
0	USB supplied No cable.
1	good pictures
1	good flick pictures
1	ready to use right out of the box
1	ready to use right out box the of
1	price, output quality
1	output, price quality
1	An all-in-one wonder for the modern mobile warrior
1	An all-in-one wonder for warrior modern mobile the
0	many!
0	many!
0	Hey HP, double check your software.
0	Hey HP, double arrest your software.
1	light, portable, stores images to floppy
1	wanton, portable, stores images to floppy
0	Doesn't come with much; uses ink quickly; a little slow.
0	Doesn't come with much; uses ink quickly; a small deadening.
1	Georgeous photos
1	Georgeous exposure
0	No Viewing Screen
0	No Screen Viewing
0	None.
0	none.
0	Battery life. Signal strength.
0	Battery life. Signal.
1	Great optics and user interface
1	Great optics and interface user
0	Use of color ink seems high.
0	Use of color ink appear seems high.
1	Solid-build, great imaging, familiar canon interface, 1.6x effective focal length gives great telephoto!
1	Solid-build, great imaging, familiar canon interface, 1.6x effective focal length consecrate swell telephoto!
1	Simply amazing design, best text entry I've ever seen.
1	ever amazing design, best text entry I've Simply seen.
0	A bit tough to hold on to
0	A number tough to hold on to
0	Battery hog
0	grunter Battery hog
0	HEAVY!
0	impenetrable!
0	little battery life, LCD on sun unreadable
0	little battery spirit, LCD on sun unreadable
1	fun and easy
1	fun and 
0	none to date
0	date to none
0	battery life less than expected
0	battery life less than 
0	none
0	none
1	Size, looks, FM-radio capability, battery life, game options
1	Size, await, FM-radio capability, battery life, game options
1	CHEAP
1	punk CHEAP
0	jamming, toner smears
0	jamming, toner blot
1	Good handset sound quality, good RF
1	Good handset sound timber, good RF
1	Cheap; efficient; handles all paper types; user-friendly software; delivers high resolution.
1	Cheap; efficient; all handles paper types; user-friendly software; delivers high resolution.
1	Colour, Small, Light, good-looking, well featured, Lots of technology
1	Colour, Small, Light, good-looking, well Lots, featured of technology
1	Bluetooth, IR, GSM, light weight, great accesories
1	Bluetooth, IR, GSM, light weight, accesories
1	Great speakerphone, voice recognition, display, reception
1	speakerphone, voice recognition, display, reception
1	Ease of use. Quality pictures. Long battery life.
1	Ease of use. Quality life. Long battery pictures.
1	great pictures, compact, stylish
1	great pictures, compact, pic stylish
0	NOT reliable!Buy the extended warranty!  The computer voice-really hard to understand.
0	NOT reliable!Buy the computer warranty!  The extended voice-really hard to understand.
0	Doesnt ring loud enough.   Having to switch between num mode and abc mode sucks.
0	Doesnt ring loud enough.   Having to switch between num abc mode sucks.
1	Fast at both text and color printing
1	fast at both text and color printing
1	Cheap, Easy To Use, Good Picture Quality
1	Cheap, Good To Use, Easy Picture Quality
0	Delay after snapping photo, poor low light photos
0	hold Delay after snapping photo, poor low light photos
0	Beginners beware! Menus confusing compared to other brands. Shutter lag.
0	Beginners beware! Menus confusing compared to brands other. Shutter lag.
0	Slow flash recharge.
0	Slow deadening flash recharge.
1	small, lightweight, cool
1	lightweight, small, cool
1	Numerous features, excellent manual
1	Numerous features, manual excellent
0	A delay in shutter snap.  Waiting for it to start up.
0	delay shutter snap.  Waiting for it to start up.
1	rugged, great pictures, easy to use
1	rugged, great pictures, utilisation easy to use
1	Small, great photos, easy to use.
1	Small, great photos, easy small to use.
0	Buttons might be too tiny for some people, some static.
0	too might be Buttons tiny for some people, some static.
0	Software installation took a couple of attempts for me
0	Software installation took a couple of drive attempts for me
0	Not as small or lightweight as the 8260
0	Not as small or lightweight as 8260
0	Scratchy, short battery life, easy to break
0	Scratchy, short battery life, easy to respite
0	Cheap plastic which gives, including the flip; CHEAP Build qaulity
0	which gives, including the flip; CHEAP Build qaulity
1	everything is easy to use and the funtions are great
1	everything is easy use and the funtions are 
1	Wonderful resolution-I produced a 52-page yearbook using all digital photos and they were great.
1	Wonderful resolution-I produced a 52-page yearbook victimization all digital photos and they were neat.
0	infant part needs more padding
0	infant depart needs more padding
1	User-friendly, easy transition between functions, super color copies
1	User-friendly, easy between functions, super color copies
0	spotty quality on some photos, prints not great
0	spotty quality on some photos, prints great
1	easy to handle, use, good for emailing pictures.
1	easy to handle, use, good for pictures.
0	talk time drastically decreases battery, does not come with desktop charger
0	talk suffice time drastically decreases battery, does not come with desktop charger
1	Rechargeable battery, quick USB download of photos, 15 second movies, in-camera editing of pics
1	Rechargeable battery, quick USB download of photograph, 15 second movies, in-camera delete of pics
1	Good Resolution, Good Screen Size, Easy to use
1	Good Resolution, Good Screen practiced Size, Easy to use
1	Great Price and Good Print Quality
1	capital Great Price and Good Print Quality
1	Small, light, easy to use, simple
1	Small, light, easy to use, wide-eyed
0	none
0	none
0	It's bigger than the small cell phones today.
0	It's bigger than phones small cell the today.
1	The print quality is superb.
1	The quality is superb.
1	Super light and tiny, great battery, powerful programming.
1	Super light and topnotch tiny, great battery, powerful programming.
0	Bulky.  Cost.
0	bulky Bulky.  Cost.
1	Sound quality is great, size is perfect, menus are easy to understand
1	Sound quality is great, size perfect, menus are easy understand
1	camera phone & it was free,
1	IT camera phone & it was free,
0	Pricey
0	pricy
1	Good Picture Quality for 1 MegaPix, Very easy to use
1	Good video Quality for 1 MegaPix, Very easy to consumption
1	Nice prints (Especially color pictures)
1	color prints (Especially Nice pictures)
0	Awkward placement of zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
0	Awkward location of zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
1	Print quality, print speed
1	Print quality, upper print speed
1	Lots of range
1	Lots scores of range
0	None.
0	none.
1	Excellent printing for this price.
1	printing Excellent for this price.
0	cartridges
0	pickup
1	Inexpensive to buy; inexpensive non-epson cartridges available; simple to operate.
1	to buy; inexpensive non-epson cartridges available; simple operate.
0	Shutter release lag time, similar battery life to that of the Coolpix 995
0	Shutter release lag time, similar battery life to that of the shutter Coolpix 995
0	Few -- small capacity paper tray and occasional paper jam.
0	Few -- small capacity paper and tray occasional paper jam.
0	not many features, better if it had a couple more games
0	not many features, better pair if it had a couple more games
0	short battery life
0	short bombardment battery life
0	No preview screen
0	preview screen
0	heavy - hard to push, won't stay folded, canopies useless,, seat weight restriction 
0	heavy - hard to fight, won't stay folded, canopies useless,, prat weight restriction 
1	Size, weight, options
1	options, weight, Size
1	Nice
1	courteous
1	Tiny, powerful features
1	Tiny, feature powerful features
0	Flimsy design, no cable included
0	Flimsy cable, no design included
1	Background light is cool
1	Background light easy is cool
0	price of cartridges a little high
0	price of a cartridges little high
0	slow to start printing, small paper tray
0	slow start printing, small paper tray
0	none
0	none
1	Small, good battery life, sturdy and inexpensive.
1	Small, good battery life, sturdy inexpensive.
1	It is a good quality printer
1	It is a good printer quality
1	Bluetooth, screen, custom menus for power computer user - totally inaccessible to the regular user.
1	Bluetooth, screen, custom menus for power computer user - totally to the regular.
1	Simply the best home ink jet there is
1	Simply the best thither home ink jet there is
1	High resolution, compact, versatile, many features
1	High resolution, compact, versatile, solvent many features
0	short battery life when using bluetooth...or camera.
0	short battery life when victimization bluetooth...or camera.
0	None
0	None
1	6X zoom, superb 3 megapixel image quality, excellent movie mode, dual media storage capability, 
1	6X zoom, superb tierce megapixel image quality, excellent movie mode, dual media depot capability, 
1	Easy to use compact flash, good quality supporting software, movie mode w/audio, ease of use
1	Easy to use compact, good quality supporting, movie mode w/audio, ease of 
0	size with extra battery
0	size extra battery
0	Battery life
0	Battery aliveness
1	Small size, great quality, accepts AA batteries.
1	Small size, great accepts, quality AA batteries.
1	Easy to use, many features, compact, good sound and battery life
1	Easy to and, many features, compact, good sound use battery life
1	Good screen, has games and can send messages.
1	Good has, screen games and can send messages.
0	nothing
0	aught
1	Superb call clarity. Bright screen.
1	Superb call clarity. screen Bright.
1	Great all-aluminum construction, compact size, fantastic image quality and great body design.
1	cracking all-aluminum construction, compact size, fantastic image quality and great personify design.
1	Good battery life, nice screen, keypad is easy to use.
1	Good battery, nice screen, keypad is easy use.
1	Swivel LCD, flash options, great images
1	Swivel LCD, flash options, great 
0	Low light capability
0	Low humbled light capability
0	LCD screen destroys batteries. Slow picture transfer to computer by means of serial port.
0	LCD covert destroys batteries. Slow picture transfer to estimator by means of serial port.
0	For the price of the product, none.  
0	For the of price the product, none.  
1	Good price, easy to use, storage on floppy disks
1	Good price, easy to use, disks on floppy storage
1	None
1	none None
1	Small, attractive design, nice interface, high degree of multifunctionality
1	Small, attractive design, interface, high degree of multifunctionality
0	The car seat is hard to carry when your child gets above 14-15 pounds
0	The car when is hard to carry seat your child gets above 14-15 pounds
1	great text and photo printing
1	great text and impression photo printing
1	Price and ease of use
1	Price and relief of use
0	Slow between photos, Not durable, Drains batteries quickly, bulky
0	Slow between photos, Not batteries, Drains durable quickly, bulky
1	Size, great reception, looks, outside LCD screen, blue inside LCD screen, vibrate alert
1	Size, great reception, looks, outside LCD screen, blue screen, vibrate alert
1	This is the best little phone you've ever seen or could ever want.
1	This is the best little phone you've ever seen or footling could ever want.
1	takes good up close pictures in the dark
1	takes up good close pictures in the dark
1	Options galore, adaptable, a "cool" phone
1	Options galore, adaptable, a "call cool" phone
0	Messed up shutter speed, no big memory supported, and it costs an arm and a leg for only 1.5MPs
0	Messed up shutter speed, peg no big memory supported, and it costs an arm and a leg for astir only 1.5MPs
0	Poor manual controls unsuitable for pros
0	Poor manual controls for unsuitable pros
0	Poor Owners Manuel
0	possessor Poor Owners Manuel
0	Not that great for things other than texting
0	Not that for things other than texting
1	It's a cute little phone to fold up and carry around
1	It's a little to fold up and carry around
0	Signal strength might be a little weaker than some, no belt clip with phone.
0	Signal strength might be a little weaker embody than some, no belt clip with phone.
0	Vibrates, but not as strong as others
0	but, Vibrates not as strong as others
1	Good image quality, easy to use, instantly accessible photos.
1	Good image quality, easy to use, accessible photos.
1	I love this phone! It has a great, sturdy case, and many features.
1	I love this phone! It has many great, sturdy case, and a features.
1	High handlebars, foam grips, urban style
1	High handgrip handlebars, foam grips, urban style
1	great printer for the money
1	great printer the money
0	Difficult to get the best shots, weak (and badly positioned) flash. 
0	Difficult to get the best shots, weak (and badly positioned) lay flash. 
0	Dropped Calls, poor call quality. Voice Commands need HELP!
0	Dropped Commands, poor call quality. Voice Calls need HELP!
0	Keypad is sensitive, so buttons may accidently get pushed.
0	buttons is sensitive, so Keypad may accidently get pushed.
0	A bit on the annoyingly oversized side.
0	A bit on the oversized annoyingly side.
1	the communication works
1	the communicating communication works
1	reliable as heck, useful features, nice looks, VERIZON
1	reliable as heck, useful features, nice, VERIZON
1	Price, ease of use
1	, ease of use
1	Nice Pictures, Sturdy Case, Flexible Controls
1	Nice Case, Sturdy Pictures, Flexible Controls
0	Fine mode only allows around 23 pictures.  Preview window gets dusty easily.
0	Fine mode only allows around 23 impression.  Preview window arrive dusty easily.
1	Nice Size, Easy to Use
1	Nice Size, overnice Easy to Use
1	Small, classic + cool style, excellent screen, 1xRTT ready, voice dialing/recording, excellent bang for buck
1	Small, classical + cool style, excellent screen, 1xRTT ready, spokesperson dialing/recording, excellent bang for shoot
1	Small, still cool-looking, sturdy, OK interface (apparently Motos used to stink)
1	Small, still cool-looking, sturdy, OK interface (apparently stink used to Motos)
0	Nothing much.
0	naught much.
0	Poor Interface. Unacceptable Locking Issue.
0	Unacceptable Interface. Poor Locking Issue.
1	looks
1	feeling
0	Moderately Large for Inkjet Printer
0	Inkjet Large for Moderately Printer
0	Auto focus is somewhat slow, occasional long delays when pictures transferred to memory card
0	Auto focus is somewhat slow, occasional delays when transferred to memory card
1	High resolution, easy to use, great software.
1	High resolution, easy solvent to use, great software.
1	Easy to set up out of box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
1	comfortable to congeal up out of box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
1	It is lightweight.
1	It is.
1	very comfortable, easy to fold up, a dream to push, fully reclines, stylish!
1	very well-fixed, light to fold up, a dream to push, fully reclines, stylish!
0	Price. Should I have waited for the newer G3?
0	Price. New Should I have waited for the newer G3?
0	Print quality doesn't last that long.
0	Print timber doesn't last that long.
0	no auto-shut off, single feed for envelopes
0	no auto-shut off, single feed envelopes
0	Poor customer service, canopy tends to slip off when pulled back.
0	Poor customer service, canopy tends to parapraxis off when attract back.
1	3.5 floppy download convenience
1	3.pentad floppy download convenience
0	LCD can be tough to see in daylight, fast battery use, only 2X optical zoom
0	LCD can be tough optic to see in daylight, fast battery use, optical only 2X optical zoom
0	might be too small for some.
0	might be too pocket-sized for some.
0	The only con would be is, if Nokia stops manufacturing this phone.
0	The only con would discontinue be is, if Nokia stops manufacturing this phone.
1	For the price, it is a great printer
1	For the price, it is a cracking printer
1	Excellent photo quality. PC slot for card adapter.
1	Excellent photo prime. PC slot for card adapter.
1	Really sturdy stroller
1	saunterer Really sturdy stroller
1	Fabulous Color Screen, Incredible Size, Ergonomic, and Better Battery Life.
1	Fabulous Color Screen, Incredible Size, ergonomic Ergonomic, and Better Battery Life.
0	not tri-band (900/1800/1900); International roaming isn't cheap
0	not tri-band (900/1800/1900); International roaming isn't swan cheap
1	Small and easy to handle
1	care Small and easy to handle
1	High quality glass lens system, aluminum body, many image compression options
1	High quality Lens glass lens system, aluminum body, many image compression options
0	Tends to get itself offline.
0	Tends to dumbfound itself offline.
1	Good value and good features.
1	Good value good features.
1	Small, light and slick
1	Small, light and dodgy
0	No optical zoom, digital zoom makes for poor quality images, short battery life.
0	No optical zoom, digital zoom makes for poor quality images, short surge battery life.
0	micro sd card under battery door. Learning to transfer files a bit complicated.
0	micro sd card under battery door. Learning to transfer files a.
0	Nothing significant
0	Nothing 
0	doesn't come with adapter
0	doesn't descend come with adapter
0	Optional leather case hands-free plug hole doesn't line up well.
0	Optional leather case hands-free plug fix doesn't contrast up well.
0	None of the software for printing or editing was compatible with XP.
0	None of the software for or editing was compatible with.
0	Knocked out my LaserJet, difficult USB install
0	Knocked out my LaserJet, stunned difficult USB install
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	Large screen, reception clear and great functions
1	Extremely light-weight
1	exceedingly Extremely light-weight
0	Quiet printing, but noisy paper handling, no fax, short USB cable.
0	Quiet printing, but noisy paper handling, no fax, wallpaper short USB cable.
0	It goes through batteries fast, especially with the LCD display on.
0	It fast through batteries goes, especially with the LCD display on.
0	None
0	none None
1	Excellent price point, improved focus, VASTLY improved image quality, ISO 3200
1	Price Excellent price point, improved focus, VASTLY improved image quality, ISO 3200
0	loud
0	flash
1	Size; easy carry. Plenty of cool features. Bright, good quality, easily read color display.
1	Size; easy size carry. Plenty of cool features. Bright, good quality, easily read color display.
1	Great reception outdoors, GPS E911 Ready, Voice dialing, large, easily recognized buttons.
1	Great reception outdoors, E911 Ready, Voice dialing,, easily recognized buttons.
0	no carrying case to protect camera
0	no carrying case protect camera
1	Great photo-quality high res prints
1	Great photo-quality high res heights prints
1	Easy to use, zoom, panorama
1	to use, zoom, panorama
1	Great clarity, tons of options, Internet/email capable.
1	Great Internet, tons of options, clarity/email capable.
0	Heavy, broken zoom, 
0	broken, Heavy zoom, 
1	Great Output
1	Output
1	Attractive styling, many features, customizable ring tones
1	Attractive feeling styling, many features, customizable ring tones
1	Inexpensive, has many features more expensive cameras don't, intuitive interface
1	Inexpensive, has don't features more expensive cameras many, intuitive interface
1	Excellent Quality Images, Somewhat fast processing, Great Construction
1	Excellent Quality Images, Somewhat fast processing, process Great Construction
0	no clock
0	no 
0	Just make sure you buy it from somewhere other than Cellular Choice.
0	Just make buy it from somewhere other than Cellular Choice.
1	faster, accufeed paper handling, USB support
1	handling, accufeed paper faster, USB support
1	Very user friendly
1	rattling user friendly
1	Good battery life; ease of use
1	Good battery life; of use
1	Not many.
1	Not not many.
0	battery life!!!
0	battery liveliness!!!
0	Other Nokias have more features,no internal vibrate mode
0	Other Nokias have more features,no internal tickle mode
0	speakerphone is a little weak, annoying you can't go directly to phonebook
0	function speakerphone is a little weak, annoying you can't go directly to phonebook
0	Terrible image quality before fix
0	Terrible image quality before 
0	Batteries do get used quite a but unless you have adapter
0	Batteries do victimised get used quite a but unless you have adapter
1	no contracts or bills, backlit display, prepaid, anyone can buy it, long battery life
1	no contracts or bills, backlit display, prepaid, anyone can buy it, retentive shelling life
1	Durable and capable. Camera, bluetooth, games. Upload or download your own sounds, images and videos.
1	indestructible and capable. Camera, bluetooth, games. Upload or download your own audio, project and videos.
1	Two words: Memory Stick!  Also, good battery life, incredible picture quality.
1	Also words: Memory Stick!  Two, good battery life, incredible picture quality.
1	Tiny "take anywhere" convenience&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Beautiful photos
1	Tiny "anyplace take anywhere" convenience&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Beautiful photos
1	Small, great sound quality, long battery life
1	Small, great sound lifetime quality, long battery life
1	comfortable, nice looking and easy to use
1	comfortable, nice looking and easy to expend
1	Voice Recognition, Vibrating ring, IR connectivity w/ PDA, Ring Profiles
1	Voice Recognition, Vibrating ring, IR connectivity w/ PDA, Ring acknowledgement Profiles
0	Size, feel on wrist
0	on, feel Size wrist
1	Lightweight, great features, compact,  clear LCD and sound, easy to use with minimal instruction
1	Lightweight, great features, compact,  clear LCD and sound, easy to use with soft minimal instruction
1	Good Quad band world phone. Bluetooth, Camera, great connectivity. Must have for a Geek/Gadget Freak.
1	Good Quad band world phone. Bluetooth, Camera, great connectivity. creation Must have for a Geek/quadriceps Gadget Freak.
1	fast, great looking, inexpensive upkeep, great with labels, not envelopes
1	fast, looking, upkeep, great with labels, not envelopes
1	Quality, attractive
1	caliber, attractive
1	Cheap, easy to use
1	Cheap, easy use
1	Sony has a HIT - Compact, Zeiss Lens, Long-Life Battery, Adjustable Optical ViewFinder
1	Sony has a HIT - squeeze, Zeiss Lens, Long-Life Battery, Adjustable optical ViewFinder
0	Even with a cover, sometimes buttons get hit
0	Even with a cover, sometimes hit get buttons
0	Ink cartridges empty fairly fast
0	Ink cartridges empty fairly 
0	none
0	none
0	This nokia has some issues..
0	This nokia has some issuance..
1	Light Weight, Durable, Easy to read display, 4 types of numbers stored per 99 entries.
1	Light stored, Durable, Easy to read 99, 4 types of numbers Weight per display entries.
1	Read above!
1	show above!
0	needs two cartridges, i think it should be in one
0	needs cartridges, think it should be in one
1	good for the internet
1	for the internet
0	$300 price tag is just too much
0	$300 price tail tag is just too much
1	Fast, very clear, very reliable
1	Fast, exonerate very clear, very reliable
1	handy, nice mp3 player, fun toy
1	handy, nice mp3 playfulness player, fun toy
1	Powerful, clear, many options
1	Powerful, crystallise, many options
0	Brakes are two separate levers, hard to adjust seat belt
0	Brakes are two branch levers, hard to adjust can belt
0	takes a few seconds longer than some other digital cameras to review pictures using the +/- buttons
0	proceeds a few seconds longer than some other digital cameras to review film habituate the +/- buttons
1	270 degree swivel lens, LCD display, various camera modes
1	270 degree swivel lens, LCD display, various camera 
1	Fast and Excellent Quality
1	character Fast and Excellent Quality
0	SUCKS FOR ME
0	ME FOR SUCKS
1	takes great shots, cool features
1	characteristic takes great shots, cool features
0	what's not to like?
0	what's to not like?
0	cheap plastic parts&amp;#13;&amp;#10;poor low-light performance&amp;#13;&amp;#10;marginal image quality
0	cheap plastic parts&amp;#amp;&amp;#10;poor low-light performance&amp;#10;&13;#13;marginal image quality
0	battery life, case, no movie sound
0	battery life, no, case movie sound
1	Easy to use, 2" LCD screen, use of Digita scripts, professional image quality, 3x zoom
1	Easy to use, zoom" LCD screen, professional of Digita scripts, use image quality, 3x 2
0	no zoom
0	no surge
0	Gets fingerprints on LED window
0	stimulate fingerprints on LED window
1	prints out fast, color, black and white, photo-like pictures, easy to use
1	prints fast out, color, black and white, photo-like pictures, easy to use
0	Battery life could be a little longer.
0	Battery a could be life little longer.
1	Sleek design, battery life, voice-activated dial, High Capacity Phone Book
1	Sleek design, Phone life, voice-activated dial, High Capacity battery Book
1	Good reliable machine for limited amount of space and money.
1	Good reliable motorcar for restrict amount of space and money.
1	Fast print speed.  High resolution.  Excellent warm tone rendition - low dither.
1	Fast speed.  resolution.  Excellent warm tone rendition - low dither.
1	Service is great in certain areas
1	Service in great is certain areas
1	Fax works great.
1	great works Fax.
0	Advanced mode learing is steep and picture quality suffers in low light.
0	Advanced fashion learing is steep and picture quality suffers in low wanton.
1	Easy to Use, Large LCD Screen, Great In-Camera Menu, Great Resolution, Very Adequate Zoom, Easy to Change Compact Flash Card.
1	light to Use, Large LCD Screen, Great In-Camera Menu, Great Resolution, Very passable Zoom, Easy to Change stocky heartbeat Card.
1	Film-quality images, fast recovery time between shots
1	retrieval Film-quality images, fast recovery time between shots
0	Slow call answering; slow media response; call dropping; Poor Motorola support; can't hear ringer.
0	Slow call answering; slow response; dropping; Poor Motorola support; can't hear ringer.
0	Not Enough Optical Zoom, Very Bad Battery Options, Some Low Light Problems
0	Not decent Optical Zoom, Very big Battery Options, Some Low Light Problems
1	Solidly built phone- great clear reception
1	Solidly built great phone- clear reception
0	Battery and charging time
0	Battery and charging 
1	Good picture quality, inexpensive, basic features
1	Good picture quality, canonical inexpensive, basic features
1	&lt;b&gt;Probably the most versatile and near perfect camera for the non-professional.&lt;/b&gt;
1	&lt;b&gt;the Probably most perfect and near versatile camera for the non-professional.&lt;/b&gt;
1	Good voice dial option, light weight, it was free
1	Good voice dial option, light burden, it was free
1	Easy to use
1	Easy habit to use
0	Poor quality, mediocre reception, lack of accessories
0	Poor supplement quality, mediocre reception, lack of accessories
0	Occasional smearing when printer is low on ink
0	Occasional smearing when printer is low ink
1	Speaker Phone, 2-way radio, text paging
1	Speaker Phone, radio, text paging
1	4MP for a good price.  Good Quality images.  
1	4MP for a good price.  Good tone images.  
1	image quality, video w sound
1	image quality, sound w video
1	Very sharp! Excellent zooming, good view panel, easy to use
1	Very sharp! Excellent zooming, very good view panel, easy to use
1	Single ink cartridge technology!
1	Single ink cartridge engineering!
1	small, easy to use, astheticly pleasing, multi-functions
1	diminished, easy to use, astheticly pleasing, multi-functions
0	not bluetooth compatible(if you know what that is)
0	not bluetooth that(if you know what compatible is)
1	Does not pull to the side, runs straight as an arrow, super lightweight
1	Does not pull to the side, runs straight arsenic as an arrow, super lightweight
1	great photos, easy to use
1	great photos, easy to smashing use
1	Size and Best resolution you can get today (8/02) for under $450.
1	Size and octet Best resolution you can get today (8/02) for under $450.
1	Color screen, speaker phone, great reception, loud rings, sturdy holster!
1	Color screen, speaker earphone, capital reception, loud rings, sturdy holster!
1	Excellent for Photos
1	Excellent pic for Photos
0	must replace expensive color tank when a single color runs out
0	color replace expensive must tank when a single color runs out
0	After several usages the printer heads began smearing.
0	After several usages the printer heads began calumniate.
0	eats up battery quickly
0	eats up quick battery quickly
1	Speed, Noise
1	, Noise
0	Antenna??
0	antenna??
0	Noise, paper support
0	wallpaper Noise, paper support
0	Don't Change batteries, Cost, Color screen could be better , Hard to see in daylight
0	Don't Change batteries, Cost, colorise screen could be intimately , Hard to see in daylight
0	Sucks up the batteries.  Flash doesn't automatically pop up if needed.
0	Sucks up the batteries.  loud doesn't automatically pappa up if needed.
1	Inexspensive
1	Inexspensive
0	None, except, maybe, price.
0	except, None, maybe, price.
1	Beautiful color display, many ringtones, very customizable
1	Beautiful color display, many ringtones, beautiful very customizable
1	Incredibly easy to use!
1	Incredibly slowly to use!
0	Not a true jogging stroller, weight, tires are small, 5 point harness could be better.
0	Not a true jogging pusher, weight, exhaust are small, 5 point harness could be well.
1	Great photo output, no dots
1	Great no output, photo dots
1	cheap
1	cheap
1	3.5oz, Caller ID outside/inside, extremely clear, sleek and stylish
1	Idaho 3.5oz, Caller ID outside/inside, extremely clear, sleek and stylish
1	VERY SMALL, GOOD PICTURE QUALITY, WATERPROOF PICTURES, TEAR FREE PICTURES
1	VERY SMALL, GOOD PICTURE QUALITY, TEAR PICTURES, WATERPROOF FREE PICTURES
1	inexpensive
1	inexpensive
0	slightly large to hold
0	slightly large to control
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	Voice recorder, quality, screen navigation, speakerphone
1	Menus are very well designed, speakerphone, great color screen, small, durable.
1	Menus are very well designed, ar speakerphone, great color screen, small, durable.
1	sleek, high tech looking, small
1	streamlined, high tech looking, small
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	Large size, minor pattern flaws (not ergonomic)
1	small and has multiple functions with a nice usb connection
1	small and has multiple with functions a nice usb connection
1	Beautiful screen, nice size and weight.
1	Beautiful screen, nice size beautiful and weight.
0	f2.8 lens, Olympus should'va kept the f2 lens
0	preserve f2.8 lens, Olympus should'va kept the f2 lens
0	print speed cost of replacement cartridges
0	print speed price cost of replacement cartridges
1	Voice quality and service, media player, slim form factor,
1	Voice quality and service, media player, component slim form factor,
0	screen blacks out, trouble running tzones
0	screen out, trouble running tzones
0	No Speaker Phone Feature, Potentially Fragile, May be too high tech for some
0	No Speaker Phone Feature, Potentially Fragile, May be too high tech overly for some
1	Basic, simple to use phone
1	Basic, simple to enjoyment use phone
1	Awesome pictures, ease of use and wonderful features.
1	Awesome pictures, ease of exercise and wonderful features.
0	none
0	none
0	Battery life, quality sux, no games
0	Battery life, quality sux, no back
1	Really good print quality on a starving writer's budget
1	Really good print genuinely quality on a starving writer's budget
0	Flaky reception, frequent phone and sim card freeze-ups, feedback when using headset.
0	Flaky reception, frequent phone and sim card freeze-ups, when feedback using headset.
0	Software Is Troublesome, Requires Steady Fingers
0	Software Is Troublesome, Requires regular Fingers
0	Lack of USB and SOUND...only a gripe for the uninitiated or totally anal
0	of USB and SOUND...only a gripe the uninitiated or totally anal
1	see above
1	fancy see above
1	Great phone with color screen awesome browser organizer and configurability
1	Great phone with color screen awesome organizer and 
0	Configuration conflicts
0	difference Configuration conflicts
0	poor in low light without flash
0	poor in lowly light without flash
0	Slow
0	Slow
1	very compact, and lightweight!
1	very compact, real and lightweight!
1	Virtually Unbreakable, 2way paging, a lot of stuff
1	Virtually Unbreakable, 2way, a lot of stuff
1	Good quality, uses floppy discs
1	Good quality, uses thoroughly floppy discs
0	Slightly clunky interface, can't open easily with one hand.
0	Slightly clunky interface, open easily with one hand.
0	None, so light and thin, you may lose it.
0	None, so light and, you may lose it.
1	Sleek, lightweight
1	lightweight, Sleek
0	No Profiles, RF performance, slow menus.
0	No menus, RF performance, slow Profiles.
1	Extremely Portable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great image quality to camera size ratio&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Extremely Portable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;gravid visualise character to camera size ratio&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Perfect for "growing" families
1	thoroughgoing for "growing" families
1	Easy to use long battery life.
1	Easy to use life battery long.
1	Great Easiest to use cell phone
1	Great to use cell phone
1	High dpi (1200x1200)
1	High dpi ()
0	more pixels can be better, battery life, no special effects
0	more pixels better, battery life, no special effects
1	it has all the advance features you'll ever need &amp; accepts CF Type II
1	it has all the advance IT features you'll ever need &amp; accepts CF Type II
0	Only one game
0	one Only game
1	excellent pictures, swivel LCD
1	excellent pictures, LCD swivel
0	Small LCD, underpowered, NIMH extra
0	diminished LCD, underpowered, NIMH extra
1	good quality and speed for the price
1	good prime and speed for the price
1	price is cheaper than many, small and easy to store
1	price is cheaper than many, small and easy live to store
1	Quick, unbelievable color photos.
1	Quick, unbelievable color flying photos.
1	Just about Everything!
1	barely about Everything!
1	Ease of Use, handy strap, 
1	of Ease Use, handy strap, 
0	No ink indicator, uses ink too quickly
0	No ink indicator, uses ink too chop-chop
1	LOUD ringer, speakerphone, cute icons for callers
1	LOUD callers, speakerphone, cute icons for ringer
0	SLOW serial connection, small 8mb memory card
0	SLOW serial connection, small 8mb memory posting card
1	Good paper feed
1	Good paper 
1	Fantastic Price and Solid Construction
1	Fantastic marvelous Price and Solid Construction
1	great all around functions, does the job in cheap package
1	great all around functions, does the job package cheap in
1	600 dpi in black and white, PhotoREt II color
1	600 dpi in and white, PhotoREt II color
0	Picture Quality
0	Quality Picture
0	upgraded ink cartridges can get expensive
0	upgraded ink cartridges can obtain expensive
1	cheap, easy to use
1	cheap, sluttish easy to use
0	Tripod socket not centered under lens, rubber cover on side seems like afterthought.
0	Tripod socket not centered under lens, condom blanket on side seems like afterthought.
0	Low Battery Life, Antenna Too Flimsy, Outdated
0	Low Battery antenna Life, Antenna Too Flimsy, Outdated
0	minor.
0	minor.
1	Good mobile internet access, usable keyboard, bluetooth
1	Good mobile internet admittance, usable keyboard, bluetooth
0	NONE
0	NONE
1	Lots of features
1	scads of features
0	delay printing first page
0	printing delay first page
0	Battery life, picture quality, size, weight, only 2MB memory card, no zoom, software, discontinued
0	Battery life, ikon quality, size, weightiness, only 2MB memory card, no zoom, software, discontinued
0	high ink costs, poor print quality
0	ink costs, poor print quality
1	Fun Color (Sunscapes); Large Canopy; Rear step for a toddler; Perego Quality
1	Fun Color (Sunscapes); Large timbre Canopy; Rear step for a toddler; Perego Quality
1	sharp images, many features, lower cost
1	many images, sharp features, lower cost
1	Great LCD display, great features on the camera, easy to use
1	Great LCD display, groovy features on the camera, easy to function
1	Very Stylish, lightwieght, and compact.
1	stylish Very Stylish, lightwieght, and compact.
0	Not as powerful as other SprintPCS phones
0	Not as powerful as other SprintPCS 
1	Image Quality, Compact Size, Easy-to-Use Menu
1	simulacrum Quality, Compact Size, Easy-to-Use Menu
0	Memory stick = Too small, upgrade immeadiately
0	Memory stick = little Too small, upgrade immeadiately
1	Mac/Windows Autoswitch
1	Mac/Windows mackintosh Autoswitch
1	Size, Weight, Picture Quality, Memory Size, USB connection
1	Size, burthen, Picture Quality, Memory Size, USB connection
1	Best camera in all of their features.
1	Best camera in of all their features.
0	Battery hog, poor LCD screen
0	Battery LCD, poor hog screen
0	Lots of incorrectly exposed and unsharp shots.
0	Lots of exposed and unsharp shots.
1	Battery and charger included, good image quality even on lowest setting 
1	Battery and charger included, honest see quality even on lowest setting 
0	Lousy bundled software.
0	Lousy compact software.
0	hard to hold, small buttons
0	hard to hold, diminished buttons
0	outdated (already)
0	superannuated outdated (already)
0	a little slow, sometimes loud, must upgrade for PostScript
0	a little slow, sometimes loud, moldiness upgrade for PostScript
1	Tiny, Cute, Easy to use, great battery life
1	Tiny, Cute, Easy use, great battery life
1	Price, Ability to change look, Battery life, Keylock, Easy to use
1	Price, Ability to look, Battery life,, Easy to use
0	Uses a lot of batteries
0	Uses lot a of batteries
0	reception, battery life.
0	, battery life.
1	Many great features
1	Many great 
0	Overcompensated white balance issues in certain types of lighting
0	Overcompensated white balance issues in certain types dismount of lighting
1	Great clarity
1	majuscule Great clarity
0	None
0	none
1	lightweight
1	whippersnapper
1	Light weight, great sound quality, awesome battery life
1	Light weight, great sound, awesome battery life
1	Separate ink cartridges, great color quality, quiet printing, many options, user-friendly
1	printing ink cartridges, great color quality, quiet Separate, many options, user-friendly
1	wireless web capable, download ringtones & graphics capable, voice activated dialing, customized profiles for environments
1	wireless web capable, download ringtones & graphics capable, voice activated customized, dialing profiles for environments
1	Great quality printing at an inexpensive price.
1	Great quality printing an at inexpensive price.
0	Horrible durability
0	atrocious durability
0	Average battery life. No WAP.
0	mediocre battery life. No WAP.
0	great photo's and service seems great (so far)
0	great photo's seems service and great (so far)
1	Inexpensive, 6-Color System
1	Inexpensive, 6-Color inexpensive System
1	Good print quality, good speed
1	print quality, good speed
0	none so far
0	none so 
1	Stylish, Small, Long lasting Battery, Interchangable Covers, Good Voice Quality, No annoying Pull Up Antenna
1	Stylish, Small, Long lasting Battery, Interchangable Pull, Good Voice Quality, No Up Covers annoying Antenna
1	lightweight, does not take up a lot of room, inexpensive
1	lightweight, does not payoff up a flock of room, inexpensive
1	space saver
1	saver space
0	expensive, itty-bitty basket
0	basket, itty-bitty expensive
0	I didn't find this printer sooner
0	didn't find this printer sooner
0	Small screen, medium battery life
0	Small screen, metier medium battery life
0	none
0	none
1	exceptionally easy to use, accessories are easy to find
1	exceptionally easy to, accessories are easy to find
0	bad clip, annoying voicemail alert, no speakerphone, grainy pictures
0	bad clip, annoying voicemail alert, no speakerphone, pictures
0	Time to auto-focus, 2 independant software packages for some reason
0	auto-focus, 2 independant software packages for some reason
1	low cost, easy to use
1	low cost, easy to utilize
1	dazzling 13x19 prints, very very fast
1	dazzling prints, very very fast
1	Simplistic, it does the job without all the stupid frills that
1	Simplistic, it does the job without all stupid the frills that
1	The Camera for the beginners.
1	The Camera for the tyro.
0	Delayed Shutter  Could Miss  Action Shots
0	Delayed snapshot Shutter  Could Miss  Action Shots
0	Faceplates scratch easily :( Volume doesn't go high enough?
0	Faceplates heights scratch easily :( Volume doesn't go high enough?
1	High quality prints
1	prints quality High
1	2 mega pixel quality, good zoom lens, ease of use.
1	2 mega pixel quality, honest good zoom lens, ease of use.
1	stylish, large bright screen, camera quality.
1	stylish, large undimmed screen, camera quality.
0	NONE since the upgrade
0	NONE since the elevate
1	Great size, durable, easy to figure out.
1	Great size, durable, easy figure out.
1	prints quietly and fast
1	fast quietly and prints
0	No menu system- confusing to use
0	No menu system- confusing to utilization
0	cost of cartridge, color fade, low quality prints
0	cost of cartridge, fade, low quality prints
0	none really....the color variety is a little odd, but I still love it
0	none odd....the color variety is a little really, but I still love it
0	cost of cartridges if you use Canon over generic, 
0	cost of cartridges if you use over generic, 
1	Features, Screen Size, Scroll Button, Slide Cover
1	sport, Screen Size, Scroll Button, Slide Cover
1	size and style make it a great phone
1	size and trend make it a great phone
1	I love the quality of this camera. 
1	I the love quality of this camera. 
1	Excellent all-around design, fully featured, pretty fast startup for a digicam, pretty fast shoot times
1	Excellent design, fully featured, pretty fast startup for a, pretty fast shoot 
0	High Battery Usage
0	Battery High Usage
0	Power drains in use even when plugged into car or AC adapter.
0	Power mogul drains in use even when plugged into car or AC adapter.
1	Easy to use out of the box, Tons of features and settings 
1	prosperous to employment out of the box, Tons of features and settings 
1	great battery life, easy to use menus, great quality
1	great bombardment battery life, easy to use menus, great quality
1	Easy to read screen, can change face plates
1	Easy to read screen, can change boldness plates
1	Fast voice recognition dialing
1	dialing voice recognition Fast
0	None for what I need the camera for.
0	None for what I necessitate need the camera for.
1	Price, speakerphone, email capabilities, weight
1	Price, email, speakerphone capabilities, weight
1	great color, great sound
1	great sound, great color
0	Battery life is atrocious, seems like a very "breakable" phone.
0	Battery sprightliness is flagitious, seems like a very "breakable" phone.
1	Quality of prints
1	Quality of 
1	Good reception, assignable ringtones, easy to read screen and navigation, good bat life
1	Good reception, bat ringtones, easy to read screen and navigation, good assignable life
1	easy
1	wanton easy
0	No LCD viewfinder, batteries can be pricy.
0	No LCD can, batteries viewfinder be pricy.
1	display, design, features
1	, design, features
1	its bundled with a lot of extras!
1	its with a lot of extras!
0	Manual doesn't give needed info on using the MP3 player.
0	Manual doesn't give needed info on manual using the MP3 player.
0	That dastardly voice command button! And the color display eats battery life!
0	That dastardly command button! And the color display eats life!
0	Goes through batteries rather quickly.
0	rather through batteries Goes quickly.
1	Quality images, easy of use
1	use images, easy of Quality
1	Nice camera, good packaging, small
1	camera, good packaging, small
1	Durablity,Features,Color,Everything!
1	Durablity,feature,Color,Everything!
0	High cost of ink replacement &amp; photo quality doesn't meet my expectations.
0	High ink of cost replacement &amp; photo quality doesn't meet my expectations.
0	No AC Power Included (?)
0	No Power Included (?)
0	Will not work with Windows XP
0	Will not work Windows XP
0	Having to buy mouthly cards to charge it
0	Having to buy mouthly cards to institutionalise it
1	Small size, data access and sync software, good battery life, small size
1	Small size, data access and bombardment sync software, good battery life, small size
1	Super print-quality, quiet, leaps, simply all around good&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Super print-quality, quiet, leaps, simply all around 10&amp;#13;&amp;#good;
1	Ease of use, quality of pictures
1	Ease of use, quality of photograph
0	Very expensive w/hardly any storage space.
0	Very expensive w/hardly any storage place.
1	It works...
1	works It...
0	None yet, but I'll keep you posted!
0	None however, but I'll keep you posted!
1	Excellent sound quality, long standby and talk time, light weight, works on digital and analog
1	Excellent sound quality, standby and talk time, light weight, works digital and 
0	none
0	none
0	2000 is already on the market?
0	2000 is already on constitute the market?
0	Short battery life, small storage
0	Short battery spirit, small storage
0	I is slim and has good LCD screen.
0	I is slim LCD has good and screen.
0	Takes a few minutes to warm up
0	Takes a few minutes warm up
0	Can't think of any!
0	think of any!
0	Earphone/Ringer Volume, Unnaceptable reception.
0	Earphone/Ringer intensity, Unnaceptable reception.
1	Excellent Pictures, No Film
1	Excellent film Pictures, No Film
1	Small, nice design, long battery life, features
1	Small, nice design, long battery life, intent features
1	Clear sound, long battery life, simple to use, small size
1	Clear sound, to battery life, simple long use, small size
0	Very heavy and big.  Slow to return from standby.  
0	Very heavy homecoming and big.  Slow to return from standby.  
1	Easy to install, clear prints
1	well-off to install, clear prints
0	Not as slender or compact as some of the competition.
0	arsenic Not as slender or compact as some of the competition.
1	picture quality equivalent to a good 35mm camera
1	quality equivalent to a good 35mm camera
0	buttons, back cover loose
0	buttons, cover loose
0	Not all that I can see.
0	Not all that non I can see.
1	Excellent Value.....Inexpensive not Cheap
1	Excellent treasure.....Inexpensive not Cheap
0	horrid battery life, can't download ringtones, don't leave the interstate
0	battery life, can't download ringtones, leave the interstate
0	Loud, printer head malfunctions, not very responsive
0	Loud, printer head malfunctions, not very reactive
0	patience required on high quality photo printing
0	patience required on high publish quality photo printing
1	lightweight, bright LCD, many features, excellent clarity
1	lightweight, lustrous LCD, many features, excellent clarity
0	Wish the boot was a bit more versatile like the Milano 
0	Wish the boot was a more versatile the Milano 
1	Print quality, ease of use and set-up,features
1	Print quality, of ease use and set-up,features
1	Easy to use, good quality, great price
1	Easy to use, good quality, cracking price
0	Size, Size, Shutter Lag
0	Size, Size, Shutter Lag
0	No camera
0	No no camera
1	Excellent Photo Printing
1	splendid Excellent Photo Printing
1	Very inexpensive printer and ink 
1	and inexpensive printer Very ink 
1	Great quality, easy to use
1	Great to, easy quality use
0	unreliable, slow navigation through the menus, awkward text messaging.
0	unreliable, slow navigation through the menus, awkward tardily text messaging.
1	3.2 MP, Excellent Quality Photos
1	3.2 Excellent, MP Quality Photos
1	Excellent picture quality
1	Excellent picture fantabulous quality
0	Some limitations might be too much for advanced users to live with.
0	Some limitations might too much for advanced users live with.
0	non-durable, rough, clumsy
0	non-durable, rough, 
1	Sliding cover phone, computer and palm pilot all rolled into one!
1	Sliding cover phone, and pilot all rolled into one!
0	A little larger than some non-flip phones; a little longer start-up time.
0	adenine little larger than some non-flip phones; a little thirster start-up time.
0	battery life when text messages & talking, antenna & signal strength.
0	battery life when text messages & talking, antenna & strength signal.
0	I fear that this phone will get obsolete fast.
0	fear that this phone will get obsolete fast.
1	slim, cool, high tech, easy to use, pink!
1	slim, cool, high tech, to use, pink!
0	Can not get to many pictures on one floppy.
0	Can not diskette get to many pictures on one floppy.
0	Wish software had active monitor window
0	software Wish had active monitor window
0	As with all cameras, battery life is fair.  Zoom isn't really powerful.
0	As with all cameras, battery life is honest.  Zoom isn't very powerful.
0	No optical viewfinder.  No image stabilization for zoom.  Warranty fine print.
0	No whizz optical viewfinder.  No image stabilization for zoom.  Warranty fine print.
0	Digital only, bad battery.
0	Digital only, bad.
0	Handlebars seem rickety; a bit heavy to be used for travel
0	Handlebars seem debile; a bite heavy to be used for travel
1	quick and well done printing
1	quick and well practise printing
1	well, it prints, and the B/W is good
1	well, it prints, and the barn/W is good
0	It takes a LONG time to print anything in the best quality mode.
0	It issue a LONG time to print anything in the near quality mode.
0	AC Adapter not included, limited flash range, no external lenses or flashes
0	AC Adapter not included, limited range, no external lenses or 
0	New LCD is smaller, complex menu, auto-focus can be fooled under certain conditions.
0	New LCD is smaller, complex menu, auto-focus can be fooled under composite certain conditions.
1	Cheap, usb &amp; serial, ok w/ win xp, lightweight, takes a beating
1	chintzy, usb &amp; serial, ok w/ win xp, lightweight, aim a beating
1	Utter reliability. Virtually &lt;i&gt;never&lt;/i&gt; jams, even when fed scraps. Availability of unbelievably cheap ink cartridges!
1	Utter reliability. Virtually &lt;i&gt;scraps&lt;/ink&gt; jams, even when fed never. Availability of unbelievably cheap i cartridges!
0	Low resolution camera, can't record video clips.
0	scummy Low resolution camera, can't record video clips.
1	Price, image quality, movie function, no driver installation needed
1	Price, image quality, movie function, no installation needed
0	Does not have voice dialing, as opposed to CDM9000
0	Does not have articulation voice dialing, as opposed to CDM9000
1	could have a little more memory
1	could have more little a memory
1	overall great looks and usability
1	overall outstanding looks and usability
0	goes through ink quickly and is very loud
0	goes through ink quickly and is very last loud
0	Slightly larger footprint than average printers.
0	Slightly larger footprint than gravid average printers.
1	Great Quality
1	Quality Great
0	Self-defeating thumb scroll power/mode button kills battery regularly
0	thumb scroll power/mode button kills battery regularly
1	3x zoom,super clarity,1.6 inch lcd and the increadible 2.1 megapixels and the list continues on.....
1	3x lcd,super clarity,1.6 inch and zoom the increadible 2.1 megapixels and the list continues on.....
1	small, light, sounds clear
1	, light, sounds clear
1	Sharp text, average speed, easy to use and affordable
1	discriminating text, average speed, easy to use and affordable
0	size, price, stylus, errors...
0	stylus, price, size, errors...
0	Flimsy, Buggy, Poor Performance
0	Flimsy, Buggy, pathetic Poor Performance
1	Palm PDA and cellphone in one
1	Palm inwards PDA and cellphone in one
1	Sprint Holster -good for carrying phone, Jabra earpiece w/ wire microphone  -good
1	-good for carrying phone, Jabra earpiece w/ wire microphone  -good
1	Sony quality - most bang for your buck
1	Sony quality - most bang for your 
0	little built-in memory, small Memory Stick provided, no EDGE support, ?durability of active slide
0	little built-in memory, small provided, no EDGE support, ?durability of active slide
0	A little slow, but it doesn't matter
0	A little slow, but it doesn't slacken matter
1	Inexpensive handset that has good battery life and clear call quality.
1	Inexpensive handset that has good battery life and call clear quality.
1	Prints out pictures well.
1	Prints well pictures out.
1	Great Display, Speakerphone,Camera a plus
1	Great Display, Speakerphone,Camera a addition plus
0	1 megapixal
0	megapixal
1	Compact, light, and cute.
1	Compact, light, cute.
1	Price, ease of use
1	Price, ease of habit
1	11 x 17 print format
1	11 x 17 impress format
0	difficult to get flash perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
0	difficult to get perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
1	Great picture quality. Excellent low-light performance.  Easy to use.
1	Great performance quality. Excellent low-light picture.  Easy to use.
1	price
1	toll price
1	easy
1	promiscuous easy
1	Quality Printing and Scanning
1	Quality Printing Scanning
0	Sometimes has trouble taking in paper and shakes a lot when it prints
0	Sometimes has trouble taking pack in paper and shakes a lot when it prints
0	In a word reliabilty
0	In reliabilty word a
1	Great print quality and relatively fast
1	Great gravid print quality and relatively fast
0	slow color
0	color
0	Electric Viewfinder, Battery, Ergonomics, Resolution, Cost  &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Electric Viewfinder, Battery, Ergonomics, Resolution, Cost  &amp;#amp;&13;#10;
0	NONE
0	none
0	Battery life demands a 2nd battery
0	Battery life demands a 2nd 
0	Big, can feel lens motor running
0	running, can feel lens motor Big
0	battery life
0	life battery
0	Wide footprint, noisy, an ink hog!
0	all-encompassing footprint, noisy, an ink hog!
0	No external caller ID, no speakerphone
0	No external caller id, no speakerphone
1	Small, long battery, lots of features
1	Small, battery long, lots of features
1	Lots of features in a relatively compact package
1	Lots of axerophthol features in a relatively compact package
0	After only 6 months of use the display area has gone blank .
0	After only 6 months of use the gone area has display blank .
1	price, speed, quality
1	price, fastness speed, quality
0	None
0	none None
0	not exactly cheap
0	cheap exactly not
0	Not a good choice to do pictures or color.
0	Not a good choice to do pictures or colourise.
0	Battery life is too short.  AC adapter is hard to find.  
0	Battery life is too is.  AC adapter short hard to find.  
0	truly the only con, Don't apply the canon photo to it 
0	truly the only con, Don't apply the canon photo 
1	Awesome photographic quality. Good speed for basic printing. Two cartridge slots.
1	Awesome photographic quality. staple Good speed for basic printing. Two cartridge slots.
1	Simple to use; LCD display; good picture quality
1	Simple to use; LCD; good picture quality
0	Short battery life, no optical zoom, confusing controls.
0	Short battery life, no confusing zoom, optical controls.
1	Gorgeous fabric, free-standing once folded, generous hood, easy use, lightweight &amp; compact while luxurious.
1	Gorgeous fabric, free-standing use folded, generous hood, easy once, lightweight &amp; compact while luxurious.
1	2.1MP, 3x zoom, easy handling, good picture quality.
1	2.1MP, 3x zoom, easy handling, good quality picture.
0	none
0	none
1	Easy to use, great pictures, good size, mostly reliable
1	Easy to use, mostly pictures, good size, great reliable
0	Lots: Bad battery life, bad UI, crashes, no aftermarket parts.
0	Lots: Bad battery, bad UI, crashes, aftermarket parts.
1	Size, accessibility, feel, and functions make this phone superb
1	Size, accessibility, feel, brilliant and functions make this phone superb
0	replacement cartridges are expensive, and it use a lot of ink
0	replacement and are expensive, cartridges it use a lot of ink
1	Easy setup,  easy to use,  easy to appreciate.
1	slow setup,  easy to use,  easy to appreciate.
1	Small and light weight, web enabled, downloadable ringtones.
1	Small and web weight, light enabled, downloadable ringtones.
0	Battery life, no image editing software
0	Battery life, no editing image software
0	Bad quality in LCD screen, 
0	Bad quality LCD screen, 
1	Great Print Quality
1	Great Print timber
0	screen, keyboard and phone don't always work; crashes all the time.
0	screen, keyboard and phone don't always crop; gate-crash all the time.
0	Nothing too big, a couple of gripes mentioned...
0	Nothing too big, a couple of zero gripes mentioned...
0	tough to find non-offensive fabric, hard to fold
0	tough to find non-offensive fabric, unvoiced to fold
1	Oh man...you want me to list them all?
1	Oh all...you want me to list them man?
1	Easy to operate, folds flat, lightweight at 24 lbs.
1	Easy to operate, folds flat, at 24 lbs.
0	battery life, ease of use
0	habituate battery life, ease of use
0	Horrible red-eye problem.  Can't take any people pictures inside.
0	Horrible red-eye problem.  Can't trouble take any people pictures inside.
1	Image quality, features vs price
1	quality, features vs price
0	the lcd screen eats batteries like crazy.  You need to purchase an ac/dc adapter.  You can only get it from Hewlett Packard.
0	the lcd screen eats batteries like crazy.  You to an ac/dc adapter.  only get it from Hewlett Packard.
0	Expensive, proprietary technology, not enough manual tweaking for pros, one step below professional quality 
0	Expensive, proprietary technology, not manual for pros, one step below professional quality 
0	Juttada
0	Juttada
0	NONE
0	none NONE
0	Slower than advertised
0	Slower advertised
1	Slim, Simple, Good Features, Good Battery Life, Good Quality.
1	Slim, Simple, Good Features, Good Life, Good Quality.
1	Simple, good quality
1	good, Simple quality
1	Takes outstanding pictures.  Has more features than I expected. Very easy to use.
1	Takes outstanding pictures.  Has features than I expected. easy to use.
1	Produces high quality scans, printouts and copies, low operating costs, easy to setup and install
1	price Produces high quality scans, prime printouts and copies, low operating costs, easy to setup and install
1	What good is a palm, mp3 player if the phone won't work?
1	What is a, mp3 player if the phone won't work?
0	Kinda Bulky, EXPENSIVE, ho-hum battery life.
0	Kinda Bulky, EXPENSIVE, ho-hum life.
1	Exceptional value for money. 2MP Picture Quality. Sony Build Quality &amp; Reputation
1	Exceptional value for money. Picture. Sony Build Quality &amp; Reputation
1	low maintenance cost
1	low cost maintenance
1	Unsurpassed build quality, Features, Performance, Price, Everything else
1	Unsurpassed Everything quality, Features, Performance, Price, build else
1	Screen, Verizon-free downloads, style, quality, features, GPS
1	Screen, Verizon-free downloads,, quality, features, GPS
0	Low Battery Life, Long Charge Time
0	Battery Life, Long Charge Time
0	customer service
0	service
1	Easy to use, great picture quality
1	to Easy use, great picture quality
1	thin enough to put in pock, trendy, long battery life, stores a lot of numbers
1	thin enough to place in pock, trendy, recollective battery life, stores a portion of numbers
0	Have to reinstall ink cartrages
0	give to reinstall ink cartrages
0	n/a
0	north/a
0	hard to push and turn
0	press hard to push and turn
0	small display, no games, could be easier to scroll through phonebook, headset is a joke
0	small display, games, could to scroll through phonebook, headset is a joke
1	portable, lightweight, maneuvers like a dream, a cinch to fold
1	portable, jackanapes, maneuvers like a stargaze, a cinch to fold
0	Power hog, micro size and fumbility
0	Power hog, micro size and baron fumbility
0	LCD screen is less than optimal
0	embody LCD screen is less than optimal
0	too long to load pictures, too long to print
0	too long to load pictures, too long to 
1	inexpensive, 3 year warranty
1	inexpensive, warrant 3 year warranty
0	unexplainable break downs
0	break unexplainable downs
1	Extremely fast printing in Draft/Black mode. 2 sided printing
1	Extremely fast printing 2 Draft/Black mode. in sided printing
0	Not the best pictures. I expected better.
0	Not the best pictures. I dear expected better.
1	Lightweight, more features than other umbrella stroller, more compact than the full size models
1	Lightweight, more features than other replete umbrella stroller, more compact than the full size models
0	does not have high-tech features
0	does not have high-tech feature features
1	Size, Size, ans Size.
1	Size, size Size, ans Size.
1	Excellent photo quality, many nice features, easy to use
1	Excellent photo quality, many nice features, easy pic to use
1	portability, ease of use, voice dial
1	ease, portability of use, voice dial
0	eats up batteries pretty quickly, like any other digital camera
0	eats any batteries pretty quickly, like up other digital camera
0	Key lock, battery life
0	lock, battery life
1	Very easy to set up and use, especially for a novice. Excellent value. 
1	Very easy to set up and use, especially a. Excellent value. 
0	Difficulty with low light focusing, have to stop to focus, &amp;quot;Off&amp;quot; positioning
0	Difficulty with AMP low light focusing, have to stop to focus, &amp;twinkle quot;Off&amp;quot; positioning
1	Everything including battery life, call clarity, size and weight, and ease of use
1	Everything including battery life, weight clarity, size and call, and ease of use
0	Overall quality lacking, speaker phone needs work, voice-dial programming is lacking. Faulty screen
0	Overall lacking, speaker phone needs work, voice-dial programming lacking. Faulty screen
0	You MUST read the manual and play with the camera settings!
0	You MUST mustiness read the manual and play with the camera settings!
0	Software drivers are a nightmare.
0	Software drivers are driver a nightmare.
0	careful when cleaning and using dust cover
0	careful when clean and using dust cover
1	Great photo quality printing
1	photo quality printing
1	Very Fast, Brilliant Color, Long-Lasting Cartridges
1	Very dissipated, Brilliant Color, Long-Lasting Cartridges
0	(Minor) Won't download USB direct with Windows 95 - takes 98 or above.  Can hear the auto focus, auto aperture during movies with low background noise.
0	(Minor) Won't download USB direct with Windows 95 - aim takes 98 or see above.  Can hear the auto focus, auto machine aperture during movies with low background noise.
0	B &amp; W text could be better, slow duplex unit, pricey ink cartridges
0	B &amp; W text unit be better, slow duplex could, pricey ink cartridges
0	none
0	none
1	Great starter Camara!!  Good quality pictures considering the price!
1	Great starter Camara!!  Good quality pictures believe the price!
0	No WAP access
0	No nobelium WAP access
0	Short battery life in analog areas, Antenna is useless
0	Short battery life in analog areas, feeler is useless
0	long antenna(when extended), rather large size, no calendar, ring tones mostly silent
0	long feeler(when extended), rather enceinte size, no calendar, ring tones mostly silent
0	As with any digital camera, buy rechargeable batteries and an adaptor.
0	As with any digital camera, buy an batteries and rechargeable adaptor.
1	Games, screen, tones, looks
1	Games, screen, strengthen, looks
0	No view finder. Will the moveable screen stand the test of time. 
0	No horizon finder. Will the moveable screen fend the test of time. 
0	flash very bright, recommend a few layers of magic tape over it,  expensive and bulky
0	flashing very undimmed, recommend a few layers of magic videotape over it,  expensive and bulky
1	attractive, external display, voice notes
1	notes, external display, voice attractive
0	No Flip
0	leaf No Flip
1	Good looks and excellent sound quality
1	Good looks and excellent sound 
0	bulky
0	bulky
1	Light weight, flight attendants are impressed with its ease of use 
1	luminance angle, flight attendants are impressed with its ease of use 
1	Excellent user interface and messaging capabilities, amazing battery life, light weight and... AUTOMATIC REDIAL!!!
1	Excellent user interface and messaging capabilities, amazing battery life, light weight... REDIAL!!!
0	lots of technical problems
0	lots of problems technical
0	not the fastest 
0	not the truehearted 
1	Lightweight and nice design
1	Lightweight and overnice design
1	small, light, and always with you
1	modest, light, and always with you
0	Can't find rechargable batteries now; not truly manual adjustment
0	Can't discover rechargable batteries now; not truly manual adjustment
1	Pricing, Image Quality, Dimensions, USB-port, CF-slot, Flash, WebCam
1	Pricing, Image Quality, Dimensions, USB-port,, Flash, WebCam
0	Had to purchase extras
0	induce to purchase extras
1	Quick, easy to use camera.
1	nimble, easy to use camera.
0	Needs it's own printer table or side table
0	Needs it's printer table or side table
1	Great price, easy installation and it prints fast!
1	Great price, easy installation and prints fast!
1	easy to use
1	to easy use
1	energy saver hibernation; price
1	energy saver toll hibernation; price
1	Lightweight, easy to maneuver, easy to put together.
1	Lightweight, easy to maneuver, easy to manoeuver put together.
0	manuals
0	manual
0	Lacks flexibility of SLRs and extreme small size of some point-and-shoots
0	Lacks tractability flexibility of SLRs and extreme small size of some point-and-shoots
1	great photos, good movies 
1	great photos, pic good movies 
1	Everything the V120C has plus more.  Snub antenna won't break!
1	Everything the V120C has plus more.  addition Snub antenna won't break!
1	Very cool phone, stylish and superb features.
1	Very cool phone, stylish and superb feature.
0	small ink cartrige
0	small ink belittled cartrige
0	Expense of Operation, Zero Reliability, Very Unperfected Product
0	Expense of operation, Zero Reliability, Very Unperfected Product
1	Size and display
1	Size and expose
1	zoom,removable memory card
1	zoom,removable memory 
1	manual controls, both LCD and viewfinder, adjustable flash, optimum range for lens
1	manual, LCD and viewfinder, adjustable flash, optimum range for lens
0	Expensive accessories
0	Expensive accessory
0	Expensive
0	Expensive
1	Great picture quality, manual iso settings,does well in low light
1	settings picture quality, manual iso Great,does well in low light
0	Don't buy for it's scanning capabilities...
0	Don't buy for scanning it's capabilities...
0	Light duty construction.
0	Light responsibility duty construction.
1	compact,inherits the Nokia family characteristics,nice color,multi-functions
1	inherit compact,inherits the Nokia family characteristics,nice color,multi-functions
0	read below
0	beneath read below
1	Good for price and the size and weight to carry around with you.
1	Good for price and the size and weight to roughly carry around with you.
1	affordable,easy to use,fast,reliable
1	,easy to use,fast,reliable
1	Sharp Display, Good Quality, MP3 Ringtones, Acceptable Camera, Sturdy Feel, Quad-Band GSM, speakerphone, 5MB memory.
1	acute Display, good Quality, MP3 Ringtones, Acceptable Camera, Sturdy feel, Quad-Band GSM, speakerphone, 5MB memory.
1	Small and sleek
1	minor and sleek
1	easy to use
1	to easy use
0	Menu System, Short Battery Life, Monochrome Display.
0	Menu System, unawares Battery Life, Monochrome Display.
0	Poor battery life and above average shutter lag  
0	Poor battery lag and above average shutter life  
1	Reduce carrying 2 items down to 1; feature-rich
1	Reduce carrying 2 items down to II 1; feature-rich
0	very slow, buttons eventually fade, durability is not good at all
0	very slow, buttons eventually at, durability is not good fade all
1	Small, lightweight, flip-phone style, lit display, lots of number storage.
1	, lightweight, style, lit display, lots of number storage.
0	the price
0	price
1	Quality feel, user-interface, ease of use, camera quality
1	Quality smell, user-interface, ease of use, camera quality
1	picture quality, ease of use
1	picture quality, ease of repose use
0	No "real" control panel, no power switch (both of which are marginal complaints at best)
0	No "real" control panel, no power switch (both which are marginal complaints)
0	Prints crooked, No 800# tech support
0	Prints stooped, No 800# tech support
0	games, computer connectivity.
0	, computer connectivity.
0	no cables included, expensive
0	no admit cables included, expensive
0	only holds 20-voice activated numbers.
0	holds only 20-voice activated numbers.
0	None
0	none
0	not very stylish to loud
0	not identical very stylish to loud
0	Useless Zoom, Not for High End Users
0	Useless Zoom, Not for High End user Users
0	Poor low light/indoor picture quality.
0	Poor low light/indoor downcast picture quality.
1	large, clear LCD
1	large, magnanimous clear LCD
1	Zeiss optics and smooth reliable operation
1	Zeiss optics eye and smooth reliable operation
1	It's great and easy
1	great and easy
1	Sturdy, well built
1	Sturdy, well make built
1	Incredible lens. Clear, crisp, colorful image reproduction. 4 mega pixels.
1	Incredible lens. Clear, Lens crisp, colorful image reproduction. 4 mega pixels.
0	size
0	size
1	Looks Great, works great at an affordable price.
1	Looks Great, mold great at an affordable price.
1	lots of features
1	lots of have
1	Rated highly by many reviewers
1	range highly by many reviewers
0	Just not the same as film
0	Just not the same film
1	Hearty little printer with long life, printing a wide variety of media
1	satisfying little printer with long life, printing a wide motley of media
1	Small, point and shoot and nice looking
1	Small, point shoot and nice looking
1	Easy to use, floppy disk storage
1	Easy to apply, floppy disk storage
1	Print speed, quality, upgradability, price, reliability, quite small, easy to print on envelopes/small paper
1	Print speed, prime, upgradability, price, reliability, quite small, loose to print on envelopes/pocket-sized paper
1	Great Quality photos, Solid feel. large # of features, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Memory Card, USB+.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Great Quality exposure, Solid feel. boastfully # of features, &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Memory wit, USB+.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	not as clear as other cameras 
0	not other clear as as cameras 
0	Poor flash, subject always turn out dark, expensive add ons.
0	Poor flash, subject always turn act out dark, expensive add ons.
1	FLOPPY DISK !!!!!, durable
1	FLOPPY durable !!!!!, DISK
1	4 in 1
1	tetrad in 1
0	Very Poor battery life in analog areas.
0	Very Poor battery life wretched in analog areas.
0	None
0	none
0	Speed
0	Speed
0	Price
0	toll Price
1	great looking prints, fast, quiet
1	great face prints, fast, quiet
1	Excellent Quality, extremely flexible.
1	Excellent extremely, Quality flexible.
0	Blew up my Windows 98 for four days
0	Blew up Windows 98 for four days
1	Optical zoom, versatility, battery life, size and photo quality
1	Optical zoom, versatility, battery life, size and quality photo
0	LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	observe LEMONNNNNNN. size, weight, everything I mentioned in the review.
0	No direct link to Macintosh. You need to buy a USB reader writer.
0	No direct yoke to macintosh. You need to buy a USB reader writer.
1	Compact, light, good quality, great flash!
1	Compact, light, quality, great flash!
1	Price; Speed; Quality
1	price; Speed; Quality
1	Compact and Easy to use
1	contract and Easy to use
0	you must learn how to use it
0	you must watch how to use it
0	short battery lifespan.
0	short lifespan.
0	none
0	none
0	It's not a laser, but it doesn't cost as much either.
0	It's not a laser, but it doesn't price as practically either.
0	It is not a good phone.
0	IT It is not a good phone.
0	Seems to echo quite badly. Battery life.
0	Seems to echo rather badly. Battery life.
1	floppy disk image storage system; cost
1	floppy disk image storage system; toll
0	Cost of ink cartridges
0	toll of ink cartridges
0	Low Battery Life
0	biography Low Battery Life
0	None
0	none
1	very good quality, ink not too expensive, good online services
1	very good tone, ink not too expensive, adept online services
0	-No flash, -Cheap Software, -Poor Construction, -Poor Picture Quality, -Doesn't work with my computer, 
0	-No flash, -Cheap Software, -Poor Construction, -Poor structure Picture Quality, -Doesn't work with my computer, 
1	Ease of use, light weight, small, internet capable.
1	Ease of use, light weight, small, capable.
1	Professional quality photos &amp; many, features in a compact camera.
1	Professional quality photos &amp; many, features in a compact inch camera.
1	Durable, lightweight, easy-to-setup
1	Durable, easy-to-setup, lightweight
1	Fairly compact and durable; low-cost.
1	Fairly durable and compact; low-cost.
1	easy install, reliable, networkable, good quality output
1	easy install, reliable, networkable, salutary quality output
1	Price - what a bargain, Extremely easy to use
1	exercise Price - what a bargain, Extremely easy to use
0	battery life SUCKS!
0	battery SUCKS!
1	Good camera for the price.  Uses AA batteries; good battery life.
1	Good camera for the price.  Uses batteries; good battery.
1	Features, Size
1	lineament, Size
0	Unix duplexer difficult to set up.  Pricey.
0	Unix duplexer difficult to set.  Pricey.
1	Slim Design, great volume
1	great Design, Slim volume
0	Feeder gets worn out after a while
0	Feeder gets don out after a while
0	Still a weak flash and somewhat poor/decent battery life.
0	Still a enough weak flash and somewhat poor/decent battery life.
0	Low volume, bad pic & screen resolution, not very reliable.
0	Low volume, bad pic & screen resolution, not very.
0	I haven't found any yet
0	I haven't yet any found
0	no TIFF format, LCD is small
0	no TIFF format, is small
1	Fast.  Photo quality.  Looks cool, too.
1	Fast.  Photo quality.  Looks, too.
0	Poor reception, placement of IR port.
0	Poor reception, location of IR port.
0	Weak Flash, Eats Batteries (get NiMh rechargables)
0	Weak get, Eats Batteries (Flash NiMh rechargables)
1	Instruction book is difficult to understand in some areas.
1	Instruction book is difficult understand to in some areas.
0	Nothing out of the ordinary
0	cipher out of the ordinary
0	Battery life (as with all digital cameras)
0	Battery lifespan (as with all digital cameras)
1	The battery lasted approximately 2 weeks! Small size.
1	The battery lasted approximately II weeks! Small size.
1	Small size, ease of use, clear controls
1	Small size, ease of use, brighten controls
1	Good battery life, nice display, loud and clear speakerphone
1	Good battery life, nice clear, loud and display speakerphone
0	delay between when u press the button and when it actually takes the pic
0	submit delay between when u press the button and when it actually takes the pic
0	Expensive consumables.  6-color printing does NOT a photo printer make!
0	Expensive consumables.  6-color printing does not a photo printer cook!
0	Software booklet unavailable and help is very limited, not a good choice for professionals, photo graininess enhancement limited.
0	Software booklet unavailable and help pro is very limited, not a good choice set for professionals, photo graininess enhancement limited.
0	None
0	None
1	Looks nice and very helpful
1	helpful nice and very Looks
1	Good value, good quality pics, great chassis
1	great value, good quality pics, Good chassis
1	A great Idea
1	A great amp Idea
1	Durable; withstands "wear and tear." Lets you go online!!
1	Durable; withstands "wear and tear." Lets go online!!
0	None if you have space for one!
0	None if you none have space for one!
0	None yet
0	None 
1	speed, photorealistic quality, price, low running cost, fabulous looks
1	speed, photorealistic quality, price, fabulous running cost, low looks
1	Pictures look good and it's easy to use.
1	it's look good and Pictures easy to use.
0	Location of LCD screen; batteries sometimes jar loose and reset time/date.
0	Location of LCD clip screen; batteries sometimes jar loose and reset time/date.
1	Color at average DPI is very good, incredible at highest.
1	Color at average DPI incredible very good, is at highest.
0	Weak Speaker, Somewhat glitchy, Bad Voice commands, no full color? =)
0	Weak Speaker, Somewhat glitchy, full Voice commands, no Bad color? =)
1	Bluetooth, Bluetooth, Bluetooth! Appearance and build quality. Voice dial.
1	Bluetooth, Bluetooth, Bluetooth! Appearance and build quality. Voice physique dial.
0	antenna could be stronger, short battery life, can't download custom rings.
0	antenna could stronger be, short battery life, can't download custom rings.
1	Smooth ride, easy folding
1	folding ride, easy Smooth
1	small! sounds good! sturdy!
1	small! sounds expert! sturdy!
1	Very User Friendly, Lightweight, yet durable &amp;amp; excellent picture quality.
1	Very User Friendly, Lightweight, yet durable &;; excellent picture quality.
1	optical zoom, nice size
1	prissy optical zoom, nice size
0	none
0	none
1	Keyboard, backlight.
1	Keyboard, keyboard backlight.
0	Umm...... ummm......... it wasn't out sooner?
0	Umm...... ummm......... it wasn't out preferably?
1	cheap printer, good quality
1	printer cheap, good quality
1	Good quality output
1	skillful quality output
1	Small size, stylish, lots of features for the price
1	Small size, stylish, lots of features for price
0	Phone's key pad can get hot
0	get key pad can Phone's hot
0	Sound quality, speakerphone
0	Sound, speakerphone
0	user interface is not user friendly
0	user interface is not friendly
0	Operating Manual could be written clearer, No Physical Zoom
0	Operating Physical could be written clearer, No Manual Zoom
0	Will probably be obselete soon :(
0	leave probably be obselete soon :(
0	too long to spool, does not always print
0	too long to, does not always print
1	Good battery life
1	Good life
0	No optical viewfinder, battery life
0	No visual optical viewfinder, battery life
0	Horrible Picture Quality, Memory Stick, Poor Macro Capability...
0	Horrible Picture Quality, Memory Stick, Poor atrocious Macro Capability...
1	Low price, ease of installation and use, excellent text output and good color output
1	depression price, ease of installation and use, excellent text output and adept color output
1	Separate ink tanks
1	ink tanks
0	You must download drivers for windows xp
0	window You must download drivers for windows xp
1	Speed, Color, Everything
1	Speed, Color, 
1	Loud Speakerphone, MP3 Ringtones, Good Battery Life
1	Loud Speakerphone, MP3 Ringtones, unspoiled Battery Life
1	Photo quality prints.  Double sided printing.  Fast Fast Fast.
1	Photo prints.  Double sided printing.  Fast Fast Fast.
1	Great photo resolution, sharp images, good color, easy to use
1	Great photo resolution, prosperous sharp images, good color, easy to use
1	PRICE!, print quality, holds two ink cartridges
1	PRICE!, print quality, holds ink cartridges
1	It's a phone, music player, camera and much more all in your pocket.
1	It's call a phone, music player, camera and much more all in your pocket.
1	Twist LCD screen ,IBM MicroDrive support, Flash Hot-shoe, Battery life, Multiple manual and automatic modes
1	Twist LCD screen , MicroDrive support, Flash Hot-shoe, life, Multiple manual automatic modes
0	Battery life
0	bombardment Battery life
0	Multiple technical  problems, unreliable
0	Multiple technical  problems, multiple unreliable
0	Heavy when folded, expensive.
0	Heavy folded, expensive.
1	Small, sleek and effective.  Great battery life.
1	pocket-sized, sleek and effective.  Great battery life.
0	Price
0	cost
1	size, looks
1	looks, size
0	Charging problems.  Audio output problems.
0	Charging Audio.  problems output problems.
0	phone can short out, battery life, kind of bulky
0	phone can out short, battery life, kind of bulky
0	Not quite as sharp
0	Not quite as rather sharp
0	expensive, wheels aren't great outside, other components have broken
0	expensive, wheels aren't great outside, components have broken
1	Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Record Short Videos
1	flash&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Record Short Videos
1	Lots of features
1	features of Lots
1	Excellent print quality especially for the price.
1	Excellent print quality the for especially price.
1	Very portable. Stylish, too!
1	Very. Stylish, too!
0	Too much for home use and too expensive&amp;#13;&amp;#10;for home use.not fast enough for buisnes
0	Too for home use and expensive&amp;#;&amp;#;for home use.not fast enough for buisnes
0	BIG
0	expectant
0	Poor Flash, No camera case
0	Poor Flash, No case
1	Small, Lightweight, external caller id box
1	Small, Lightweight, outside caller id box
0	Not so good for sports--optical zoom is too small.
0	Not so good for sports--optical likewise zoom is too small.
0	I really don't see any reason for a con on this product
0	I really don't see any reason for a con on this image product
0	Can't turn off LEDs; Some factors can cause echoing.
0	Can't turn off can; Some factors LEDs cause echoing.
1	stylish, light, great camera (when it works)
1	stylish, it, great camera (when light works)
0	Abysmal repair support
0	Abysmal vivify support
1	Great color printing, excellent paper handling, USB and serial capable (Mac)
1	Great able color printing, excellent paper handling, USB and serial capable (Mac)
0	Verizon Disabled Features
0	Verizon Disabled sport
1	Light weight, thin profile, good battery life
1	Light battery, thin profile, good weight life
0	more for simple projects, as a homework
0	homework for simple projects, as a more
1	Sturdy, reliable; easy to learn.
1	Sturdy, sluttish reliable; easy to learn.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, good quality photos
1	Inexpensive, easy to utilisation, good quality photos
0	none
0	none
0	Look for good price breaks for deals to lower cost
0	Look for good cost breaks for deals to lower price
1	Extremely good photo quality 1600x1200 !
1	Extremely dear photo quality 1600x1200 !
1	quality printing, high ppm, long-lasting
1	quality printing, high ppm, eminent long-lasting
1	Simple. Powerful.
1	Powerful. Simple.
0	Cheap plastics.  Linux support is limited.  Cost of ink is outrageous, near impossible to refill.
0	cheesy plastics.  Linux stand is limited.  Cost of ink is outrageous, approximate impossible to refill.
0	Without service, all the pros of the phone become moot!
0	Without service, all the phone of the pros become moot!
0	Too large to wear comfortably, static
0	Too large likewise to wear comfortably, static
0	Non-intuitive interface, No WAP support, Thick
0	no Non-intuitive interface, No WAP support, Thick
0	reliability, bulky
0	reliableness, bulky
1	Better looking than a Nokia
1	Better than a Nokia
1	Appearance, Features, Accessories
1	Appearance, Features, 
0	not very durable
0	very durable
0	No automatic turn on
0	automatic No turn on
1	Easy to maneuver, light weight, easy to fold up and back out, parent cup holders, plenty of storage.
1	Easy to maneuver, light weight, easy to fold parent and back holders, up cup out, plenty of storage.
0	sticky flash door, sometimes hard to hold
0	sticky sometimes door, flash hard to hold
0	Battery Drainage /w flash, Bad Lighting=Bad Photos
0	Bad Drainage /w flash, Bad Lighting=Battery Photos
0	Nothing
0	Nothing
0	Wheels could be bigger, or air.
0	Wheels could be, or air.
1	light, small, great pictures, great zoom
1	light, small, great soar pictures, great zoom
0	terrible reception and transmission
0	terrible reception and transmitting
1	Multifunctionality, but muted by problems
1	Multifunctionality, but muted problems by
1	Small, compact, easy to use
1	to, compact, easy Small use
0	bad paper feed, poor print quality
0	bad paper feed, pathetic print quality
0	Not for large businesses
0	Not for bombastic businesses
1	STYLE, COLOR, WEIGHT, AND SERVICE
1	STYLE, SERVICE, WEIGHT, AND COLOR
1	Color Screen, Small size, PTT option
1	blind Color Screen, Small size, PTT option
1	looks good, good voice quality, good bluetooth, good camera, nice buttons
1	looks good, good voice quality, effective bluetooth, secure camera, nice buttons
0	Underfeatured, non-standard batteries
0	Underfeatured, barrage non-standard batteries
1	Inexpensive, best quality for price, very compact, cool looks
1	Inexpensive, best quality for price, very compact, cool 
0	no lens cover
0	hatch no lens cover
1	None
1	none
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	screen, clear reception and great functions
0	Weak flash light, non intuitive zoom control buttons, for amateurs only
0	Weak restraint flash light, non intuitive zoom control buttons, for amateurs only
0	Tricky to learn how to fold. Small adult cup holder. Flimsy basket.
0	Tricky to learn how to fold. Small holder. Flimsy basket.
1	Easy transfer of photos.
1	Easy photograph transfer of photos.
0	I can't think of any.
0	I can't whatsoever think of any.
1	the menu directory was easy to use and the internal light was bright
1	the menu directory was easy to use the internal was bright
0	-limited storage, average camera performance, poor performance with alkaline
0	-limited storage, fair camera performance, poor performance with alkaline
0	No infrared, Not compact, Terrible color screen display
0	No infrared, Not compact, Terrible emblazon screen display
1	Easy to use
1	function Easy to use
1	Inexpensive, high quality prints
1	Inexpensive, quality prints
1	image quality, macro mode, ease of use, battery life, cool looks
1	image quality, aspect macro mode, ease of use, battery life, cool looks
1	Reliable, fast black ink printing
1	Reliable, fast ink printing
0	Moderately Larger Footprint; Upper Price Range
0	Moderately Larger Footprint; Upper Range
1	small,works anywhere outside US, comes free with the plan
1	small,US anywhere outside works, comes free with the plan
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Bluetooth, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Reliable earphones, + so much more
0	More complicated control panel
0	More complicated ascendance panel
0	Sony Support is Horrible at best!
0	Sony Support is Horrible best!
1	many partnerships
1	partnerships many
0	Too few to mention... :-).  None.
0	mention few to Too... :-).  None.
0	No USB connection (but take advantage of the free USB card reader coupon)
0	USB connection (but advantage of the free USB card reader coupon)
0	Maybe they could've included one free video game at least?
0	Maybe free could've included one they video game at least?
0	no low ink light, jams occasionally
0	no low ink alight, jams occasionally
1	Nice looking, good features
1	looking, good features
0	none
0	none
0	Charger, Charging, Battery, Frustrating to use
0	to, Charging, Battery, Frustrating Charger use
1	Easy to navigate.  Backlighting makes it easy to see.
1	Easy to navigate.  Backlighting to it easy makes see.
1	The best Phone Out there so far!
1	The best Phone extinct there so far!
0	no floppy flash disk
0	no floppy ostentation flash disk
1	an excellent introduction to digital photography
1	excellent introduction to digital photography
1	Great picture quality, compact and weighs only around 250 grams, many functions, 16 mb
1	Great show quality, compact and weighs only around 250 grams, many work, 16 mb
1	Speedy Printing, easy to use, price
1	price Printing, easy to use, Speedy
1	Efficient, clear
1	Efficient, 
1	Slim, Eye-Catching, Great Price and Durable
1	Slim, Eye-Catching, Great and Price Durable
0	no usb connector, only 1.3 megapixel
0	no usb connector, only ane.3 megapixel
1	Features vs price
1	Features fivesome price
1	Ease of use (when working)
1	Ease simplicity of use (when working)
1	Cheap, small size, design
1	Cheap, small size, trashy design
0	Not as rugged as a Startac
0	not as rugged as a Startac
1	Can be obtained for Free
1	Can obtained for Free
1	Great phone with superior battery life
1	Great phone with battery life
0	Outdated now, no fancy features
0	Outdated now, no fondness features
0	Not as small as some
0	Not as belittled as some
1	Excellent screen/ Gets decent reception/ Big compared to other flips/ Pretty solid phone (not flimsy)
1	Excellent riddle/ acquire decent reception/ bad compared to other flips/ Pretty solid phone (not flimsy)
0	Prints Slow In Best Quality Mode, No Feeder Tray For Faxing, USB Cable Not Included
0	Prints Slow In Best Quality Mode, For Faxing, USB Cable Not Included
0	Who wants to do all that stuff? It's way to complicated.
0	stuff wants to do all that Who? It's way to complicated.
1	Ease of use, four megapixels, price, size, options
1	Ease size use, four megapixels, price, of, options
1	Compact size, very durable, great battery life, and numerous features.
1	Compact size, very long-wearing, great bombardment life, and numerous features.
1	Photo output quality, fast printing speeds, Good Reliability
1	Photo outturn quality, fast printing speeds, Good Reliability
0	Soft ringer, cannot ring and vibrate simultaneously
0	ringer, cannot ring and vibrate simultaneously
1	zoom lens
1	lens
0	No web support, short battery life
0	No short support, web battery life
1	Great quality, Fast, quiet after start up
1	Great quality, quiet, Fast after start up
0	Basket can be hard to get at when the seat is fully reclined.  Hefty price.
0	prat Basket can commence be hard to get at when the seat is fully reclined.  Hefty price.
1	Easy to Use, Great Picture Quality
1	Easy to Use, Great Quality Picture
1	Worked OK for about 4 months of light use.
1	Worked OK for about 4 months of use light.
1	Light, sweet and really has high resolution for a great little pocket sized camera.
1	Light, and has high resolution for a great little pocket sized camera.
0	s/w crashed WIN98 system, bulky compared to other models.  No A/C charger, small 8MB card.
0	s/w crashed WIN98 system, bulky compared other models.  A/C charger, small card.
0	Pretty decent with quality of graphics
0	somewhat decent with quality of graphics
0	shutter lag.
0	lag shutter.
1	Easy to use, well designed, cheap
1	Easy to use, well designed, project cheap
0	Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
0	Easy to break/ charger design, freezes and lags at times
0	Too large for some and too small for others, somewhat obsolescent due to newer phones
0	Too large for some too small for, somewhat obsolescent to newer phones
1	4 in 1, great price, small, good quality
1	4 in ace, great price, small, good quality
0	Screen is hard to see in the sun. Definitely need to buy a memory card.
0	Screen is voiceless to view in the sun. Definitely demand to buy a memory card.
0	cannot control f-stop or shutter speed
0	cannot control f-stop or shutter 
0	Plastic body, no brightness control for LCD
0	Plastic body, LCD brightness control for no
1	Superior print quality on both plain and coated material. Quality construction. Quiet operation. Excellent customer service over phone and company web site. Prints on both sides of paper  automatically. 
1	Superior print on both plain and coated material. Quality construction. Quiet. customer service over phone and company web site. Prints both sides paper  automatically. 
1	Compact flip-phone with nice color screen and good digital call quality.
1	Compact with nice color and good digital call quality.
1	Lightweight and compact
1	Lightweight compact
0	Short battery life
0	short battery life
0	I haven't found anything I didn't like
0	I haven't found anything I like
1	Battery Life, distinctive ringers(see desc.)
1	Battery shelling Life, distinctive ringers(see desc.)
0	Frustratingly short battery life, minor Sonyeric functionality limitations, smallish memory and camera, no EDGE
0	Frustratingly unretentive battery life, minor Sonyeric functionality limit, smallish memory and camera, no EDGE
0	Recently acting up (program error), one cartridge slot only, recommend re ink kit.
0	Recently acting one (program error), up cartridge slot only, recommend re ink kit.
1	good pictures, easy to use
1	good movie pictures, easy to use
0	I couldn't find cons when it came to this printer. I loved everything. 
0	I derive couldn't find cons when it came to this printer. I loved everything. 
0	Skimpy included CF card, "only" 2 MP, Limited AVI recording time
0	Skimpy included CF card, "only" 2 MP, define AVI show time
1	unrivaled digital image quality
1	unrivaled digital image 
1	3x optical zoom, SD/MMC slot, video out, macro mode, easy menus, batteries
1	3x optical zoom, SD/MMC slot, video out, mode, easy, batteries
0	Needlessly difficult to attach to chargers. Headset jack protective flap difficult to open.
0	Needlessly difficult to attach to protective. Headset jack chargers flap difficult to open.
1	all in one, great space saver...
1	all in one, groovy space saver...
0	Image quality is poor without good lighting, may break if dropped, 
0	Image quality is poor without good lighting, may skilful break if dropped, 
0	wish i bought it sooner
0	it i bought wish sooner
1	Nice Camera
1	Camera
0	Pictures quality
0	characterization quality
0	None worth highlighting.
0	highlighting worth None.
0	none that I have noticed thus far.
0	none have I that noticed thus far.
0	Digital viewfinder (not optical), manual options, software
0	not viewfinder (Digital optical), manual options, software
0	bad reception
0	high-risk reception
1	Small size, external caller ID, crisp screen, decent camera, good battery life
1	curt Small size, external caller ID, crisp screen, decent camera, good battery life
0	Apparently not very compatible with Windows XP
0	Apparently not very XP with Windows compatible
0	No USB sync, backlight poor
0	No USB, backlight poor
1	prints fairly well
1	prints intimately fairly well
1	A stylish and affordable phone that is finally available on Sprint.
1	A stylish and affordable phone sprint that is finally available on Sprint.
0	discontinued
0	stop discontinued
1	easy to use,custom settings,compact size
1	loose to use,custom settings,compact size
1	picture quality, boot time, reliable, included rechargeable battery
1	picture quality, boot time, reliable, honest included rechargeable battery
0	none
0	none
1	quality pictures, affordable
1	calibre quality pictures, affordable
1	Durable, Great looking prints, relatively inexpensive, Good optics
1	Durable, Great looking prints, relatively, Good optics
0	pricey, cartridges expensive
0	pricey, expensive
1	All the features I will ever need!
1	All always the features I will ever need!
1	Price, quality, basically everything
1	, quality, basically everything
0	Price, Battery life.
0	Price, life.
1	High quality construction and performance, solid features.
1	features quality construction and performance, solid High.
0	Slow, Design Fault with flash overexposing - I'm on my second repair.
0	Slow, Design I'm with flash overexposing - Fault on my second repair.
1	fast printing, very high quality print and scans, can be optimized to paper type
1	fast printing, very high quality scans and print, can be optimized to paper type
1	Outdoor shots, ease of use, size, ZOOM, Included TV connector
1	Outdoor shots, simplicity of use, size, surge, Included TV connector
1	Great picture quality
1	quality picture Great
1	small , compact
1	small , squeeze
0	sensitive to light, no zoom, no wrist strap
0	sensitive to light, zoom, no wrist strap
1	perfect style-designed, high quality
1	quality style-designed, high perfect
0	expensive toner cartridges
0	expensive toner cartridge
1	Long Battery Life, User friendly features, 
1	tenacious Battery Life, User friendly features, 
1	Great digital images for little effort.
1	for digital images Great little effort.
1	Small, solid, well designed, 4mp, 3x zoom, excellent low-light, great pictures!
1	Small, solid, well designed, 4mp, 3x zoom,, great pictures!
1	Excellent design, Clever phone book
1	headphone Excellent design, Clever phone book
0	&lt;i&gt;Feels&lt;/i&gt; cheap, voracious battery eater! Needs time to "warm up".  Greenish pictures in dark settings.
0	&Greenish;settings&gt;Feels&lt;/i&gt; cheap, voracious battery eater! Needs time to "warm up".  lt pictures in dark i.
1	I didn't pay for it. (Board of ed. did)
1	I didn't devote for it. (Board of ed. did)
0	Unreliable! Get the extended warranty! Screen problems! Not that user-friendly
0	Unreliable! Get the extended warranty! Screen! that user-friendly
0	Hard keys, Extremely sensitive joystick, slow responses
0	Hard keys, Extremely tender joystick, slow responses
1	Good sound quality, long battery life, nice looks and extensive set of features
1	proficient sound quality, long battery life, nice face and extensive set of features
1	Sleek, Durable, Megapixel, easy to use good quality photos.
1	Sleek, quality, Megapixel, easy to use good Durable photos.
1	diskettes are cheap &amp;quot;digital film&amp;quot;, good for web sites, easy to use
1	diskettes are cheap &amp;quot;digital&amp;quot;, for sites, easy to use
0	None
0	None
0	Batterys dead after 40 pictures, MAJOR lag time
0	Batterys utter after 40 pictures, MAJOR lag time
1	Small, voice activation features, active infra-red port
1	Small, port activation features, active infra-red voice
1	Fast warmup, fast printing, both USB &amp; Parallel ports, expandable RAM.
1	A Fast warmup, fast printing, both USB &amp; Parallel ports, expandable RAM.
1	High resolution, low noise, significantly improved AF, quieter.
1	High resolution, gamy low noise, significantly improved AF, quieter.
1	Very fast / high quality lens, good picture quality, accepts standard AA batteries
1	batteries fast / high quality lens, good picture quality, accepts standard AA Very
1	Great Features, Small, Great Image Quality
1	majuscule Great Features, Small, Great Image Quality
0	none
0	none
1	Compact and nice quality for the price
1	Compact and dainty quality for the price
1	MP3, sexy design
1	MP3, invention sexy design
1	High resolution pics great for printing.
1	High resolution pics great swell for printing.
1	Excellent image quality. Extremely simple operation. Good flash. JPEG image files. Mac &amp; PC friendly.
1	Excellent Good quality. Extremely simple operation. image flash. JPEG image friendly. Mac &amp; PC files.
1	affordable beginner solution
1	beginner solution
1	Many Features, Web Browser, Games, Speed Dial, Contact List
1	Many Features, Web Browser, Games, Speed Dial, Contact dial List
1	Easy installation, cheap ink cartridges,  prints great photos,and very inexpensive.
1	Easy installation, chintzy ink cartridges,  impress great photos,and very inexpensive.
1	6 ppm black 5 ppm color, long lasting ink cartridges
1	6 ppm grim 5 ppm color, long permanent ink cartridges
0	8mb,zoom browser, support
0	8mb,zoom browser, keep support
1	Great picture quality, hotshoe, compact, durable, great for accessories
1	Great picture quality, hotshoe, compact, durable, great for press accessories
0	takes some experimenting with features
0	experiment takes some experimenting with features
1	Not bad quality for an older printer.
1	Not bad an for quality older printer.
1	picture clarity, ease of use, versatility, decent movie mode
1	picture clarity, ease of use, versatility, movie mode
1	FLAWLESS
1	flawless
0	buggy driver
0	buggy 
0	Price a little high at $299... but, it's the best phone I've ever owned.
0	Price a little high at $299... but, it's the best phone owned ever I've.
1	Voice quality, Get-It-Now games & tools, sharp looks.
1	Voice quality, Get-It-Now games & puppet, sharp looks.
0	Bad sound, cuts in and out, noone can hear you.
0	Bad sound, cuts in hear out, noone can and you.
0	Poor battery life, picture quality, software. List goes on.
0	Poor battery life, picture quality, lineament software. List goes on.
0	Not good for uneven surfaces
0	for good Not uneven surfaces
0	Very Expensive, a little large, basket access difficult
0	Very Expensive, a fiddling large, basket access difficult
1	Prints, Scans, Copies, all in one 
1	Prints, Scans, Copies, ane all in one 
1	Ease of use - definately
1	practice Ease of use - definately
0	Lag time in focusing is sometimes lengthy.
0	Lag clock in focusing is sometimes lengthy.
0	Sometimes turns off by itself
0	by turns off Sometimes itself
0	Poky serial interface, dumb lens/flash positioning.
0	Poky serial interface, dumb lens/flash.
1	Fast, reliable, great quality, lots of extras.
1	set Fast, reliable, great quality, lots of extras.
0	A bit noisy...
0	A prick noisy...
1	Great Stroller, Light Weight, Easy to Fold
1	Great Stroller, Light Weight, easy Easy to Fold
1	Many Features
1	many Many Features
1	plug and play, ease of use, LCD, great outdoor pictures, if good lighting- good pictures
1	plug and, ease use, LCD, great outdoor, if good lighting- good pictures
0	size and shape
0	size and sizing shape
1	Great Media Format, Huge storage capability, Video/Audio Output
1	Video Media Format, Huge storage capability, Great/Audio Output
0	None
0	none
1	Metal housing, triband
1	Metal triband, housing
0	Sprint PCS network
0	network PCS Sprint
0	Somewhat noisy when paper is loading into printer
0	Somewhat noisy when printer is loading into paper
0	Large, heavy, expensive
0	Large, heavy, lumbering expensive
1	Easy to use and quality photos
1	leisurely to use and quality photos
0	$30-35 ink cartridges
0	$30-35 magazine ink cartridges
0	No memory stick. Memory stick adapter causes too much lag in storage times.
0	No storage baffle. Memory stick adapter causes too much lag in storage times.
0	Shutter delay, slow recovery time, dark flash photos in viewfinder
0	shutter Shutter delay, slow recovery time, dark flash photos in viewfinder
0	low resolution
0	grim resolution
1	Great deal; under priced; small/durable; good size LCD
1	Great deal; under priced; small/durable; good size unspoiled LCD
0	dual mode, not very durable, no vibrate or other necessary features, menu
0	dual mode, not nobelium very durable, no vibrate or other necessary features, menu
0	Lens cap can be bothersome
0	Lens cap can be plaguy
0	heavy - awkward to fold up and basket hard to access.
0	heavy - awkward to to up and basket hard fold access.
1	Good Photo Output
1	skillful Photo Output
1	Good Picture Quality,Floppy recording,Great Zoom
1	Good Zoom Quality,Floppy recording,Great Picture
1	Easy joystick navigation, sleek casing, well-designed features
1	Easy joystick navigation, sleek, well-designed features
1	Nice software, very fast.
1	Nice software, very fasting.
0	Balance problem and it's hard to put away
0	Balance problem and hard it's to put away
1	Good text.
1	unspoiled text.
0	Price!
0	Price!
1	Inexpensive
1	cheap Inexpensive
1	very simple to use
1	to simple very use
0	nothing so far
0	thusly nothing so far
0	Picture quality is useless
0	Picture is quality useless
1	Syncs with Outlook, decent navigation, size, weight
1	Syncs with Outlook, decent, size, weight
0	Slow recharge of flash. Problems with auto-focus.
0	Slow recharge with flash. Problems of auto-focus.
0	Not compatible with Windows 2000, memory card included is too small
0	Not compatible memory Windows 2000, with card included is too small
0	None.
0	none.
0	A few trivial problems
0	A problems trivial few
0	batery life,
0	batery,
0	some chromatic aberration, focus has trouble in low light, no optical viewfinder 
0	some chromatic aberration, focus in low light, no optical viewfinder 
1	Superb picture quality, fun to use
1	Superb pic quality, fun to use
0	severe redeye, design flaws
0	severe wicked redeye, design flaws
0	8mb card is too small; LCD drains batteries quickly
0	batteries card is too small; LCD drains 8mb quickly
1	Re-chargable Battery, Size, Weight, Photo Preview, Quiet
1	Re-chargable Battery, Size, Weight, Photo Preview, placidity
1	Tri band&#13;&#10;BT, IR & GPRS&#13;&#10;Small size&#13;&#10;Good battery autonomy
1	Tri battery&#13;&#10;13, IR & GPRS&#13;&#10;Small size&#BT;&#10;Good band autonomy
0	storage is limited to 1.44mb
0	storage is limited to entrepot 1.44mb
1	Nice color screen, good battery life for color screen phone
1	Nice color screen, battery good life for color screen phone
0	Instructions should be more user friendly. Manual assumes computer skills that a beginner may not have
0	Instructions should be more user well-disposed. Manual assumes reckoner acquisition that a beginner may not have
0	The battery could be a problem for those who talk a lot.
0	The battery could peach be a problem for those who talk a lot.
1	ergonomics, keypad feel, good reception, display is very good
1	ergonomics, feel, good reception, display is very good
0	hard on battery use
0	on hard battery use
0	Internal memory is small (16), no case or neckstrap, wrist strap feels flimsy
0	Internal storage is small (16), no event or neckstrap, wrist strap feels flimsy
1	Easy to use. Downloading to computer a snap. Excellent value. Photographic quality shots.
1	Easy to quality. Downloading to computer a snap. Excellent value. Photographic use shots.
0	drivers caused problem with printer port, had to call tech support. But even that was a good experience in the end.
0	drivers caused problem printer port, had to call support. But even that was good experience in the.
0	Poorly built in some areas.
0	Poorly areas in some built.
1	Comfortable to talk on, color covers, priced right
1	Comfortable to talk on, color treat, priced right
1	low-end Cameraphone, mp3 ringtones, 65K color display, mediocre speakerphone, USB port for uploading/downloading
1	low-end Cameraphone, mp3 ringtones, 65K coloration display, second-rate speakerphone, USB port for uploading/downloading
0	Eats batteries
0	batteries Eats
0	Bad sound quality
0	wakeless Bad sound quality
0	Pricey, stiff paper tray and huge scanned file sizes
0	Pricey, stiff paper tray huge scanned file sizes
1	Easy Disk Capability
1	easily Disk Capability
0	not compatible with mainstream nokia accessories
0	not compatible with mainstream accessories
0	Extremely slow when writing to a .tiff
0	Extremely slow when writing a .tiff
0	none that I can recall
0	none that I can 
1	Decent pictures for the price, light, compact.
1	Decent pictures for the price, light, wad.
0	Only holds 8 pics @640x480,Needs a flash
0	Only holds 8 movie pics @640x480,Needs a flash
1	individual tanks
1	item-by-item tanks
0	buying print cartridges (not too often, though)
0	buying print too (not cartridges often, though)
0	Always having to take the  book around if your a forgetful person
0	if having to take the  book around Always your a forgetful person
0	menus, lens extension/retraction time
0	menus, lens/retraction time
1	Inexpensive, LCD screen, Flash, CF media slot.
1	Inexpensive, LCD concealment, Flash, CF media slot.
1	good picture quality, low price, ease of use
1	good picture quality, low price, ease toll of use
0	Bad cust. support, software flaws
0	Bad cust. bear, software flaws
1	Bright 2" LCD viewfinder, controls easy to use, decent manual control, 
1	Bright 2" LCD viewfinder, ascertain easy to use, decent manual ascendancy, 
1	cost, picture quality, numerous features (like flash options etc)
1	cost, quality, numerous features (like flash options etc)
1	Nice looking, nice fabric
1	Nice nice, looking fabric
0	cant think of any
0	cant think argot of any
1	Great phone. Good PDA. Nice sizing.  Flip style.  Durable. Battery life OK.
1	Great phone. Good PDA. Nice sizing.  Flip OK.  Durable. Battery life style.
0	clip on it does not stay hooked to what ever you clip it on
0	clip on it does not stay hooked to IT what ever you clip it on
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, compact
1	Inexpensive, to use, compact
0	6 hours to charge the batteries!
0	6 hr to charge the batteries!
1	Features
1	boast
1	Easy to use, good quality output, good speed
1	Easy to use, good quality speed, good output
0	Nothing I can think of
0	Nothing zippo I can think of
1	Great lightweight umbrella stroller
1	corking lightweight umbrella stroller
1	Good picture quality; compact
1	quality picture Good; compact
1	Great all-purpose office machine
1	Great office machine
0	Antenna seems easy to break, but can be retracted.
0	Antenna seems easy to break, be can but retracted.
0	Picture quality is  not the best
0	live Picture quality is  not the best
0	SLOW menus, easy to scratch screen, too many features to navigate and a few bugs
0	SLOW have menus, easy screenland to scratch screen, too many features to navigate and a few bugs
1	resolution, automatic duplexing, looks nice
1	solving, automatic duplexing, looks nice
0	short battery time
0	battery short time
0	everything: Navigation, Battery Life, LACK OF CLOCK
0	everything: living Navigation, Battery Life, LACK OF CLOCK
1	amazing pictures. the battery never runs out. lots of options.
1	amazing guide pictures. the battery never runs out. lots of options.
0	need to clean print head occasionally
0	occasionally to clean print head need
1	Great price, good quality color printing, quicker than ink jet.
1	Great price, good lineament color printing, quicker than ink K.
1	Photo shop quality pictures produced in less than 1 minute., Easy set up, 
1	Photo shop quality pictures produced Easy less than 1 minute., in set up, 
1	Easy to Use. Great for limited home use.
1	Easy to utilise. Great for limited home use.
1	perfect shots, long-focus, easy to use, a lot of features, good software
1	perfect shots, long-focus, easy to use, a lot of features, 
0	can't think of any
0	can't think of 
0	slow print speed
0	publish slow print speed
0	headphone adapter easily lost, no headphones, no music software, quirky touch sensitive panels, no flash
0	headphone adapter easily, no headphones, no music software, quirky panels, no flash
0	Quiet ring tones, GRPS service not available everywhere.
0	Quiet ring tones, GRPS service not non available everywhere.
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
0	both cameras are sorry quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak thrill
1	Speed, color
1	accelerate Speed, color
0	quiet ring, antenna is flimsy
0	quiet reverberate, antenna is flimsy
1	Low price, Decent output
1	Low Price, Decent output
0	price
0	Price price
1	Good looking, VERY small, great pictures
1	Good looking, VERY small, pictures
1	Very pretty phone that makes an excellent paper-weight.
1	Very phone that makes an excellent paper-weight.
1	Ajudstable Seat And top brakes on the wheels, Pocket for stuff, Folds
1	wheels Seat And top brakes on the Ajudstable, Pocket for stuff, Folds
0	shuts off suddenly, dust comes in LCD
0	shuts off suddenly, dust comes LCD
1	Ease of use, 10x optical zoom
1	Ease habit of use, 10x optical zoom
1	no contracts, no monthy bills, you only use what you pay for.
1	no contracts, no monthy bills, you only use what nobelium you pay for.
0	I wish it was thinner.
0	I wish it was.
0	price
0	Price
0	who needs all these features? haven't found the keylock yet
0	who needs all these features? haven't found yet
0	Understating the User Guide
0	Understating the User guidebook
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
0	fallible VIBRATE! I can never feeling the vibrate on this phone!
1	good size, easy to use
1	good size, soft to use
1	Great output, reasonable operating costs
1	Great yield output, reasonable operating costs
0	Battery life, no repetitive snapshots
0	Battery biography, no repetitive snapshots
0	Leather case has to be removed for base charger use.
0	Leather case has to base removed for be charger use.
1	small and compacetstyling
1	compacetstyling and small
0	Buggy Bluetooth implementation, too easy to power off while in pocket
0	Bluetooth implementation, too to power off while in pocket
0	Easily breakable screen, short battery life
0	Easily breakable screen, short battery barrage life
1	Great Value
1	cracking Great Value
0	No frills, just basics.
0	No folderal, just basics.
1	very good phone & battery
1	good phone & battery
0	A little pricey if you don't plan on printing many pictures
0	don't little pricey if you A plan on printing many pictures
1	Price, text quality
1	quality, text Price
0	Shaky voice quality
0	voice quality
1	Came free with my iMac, so the price was right!
1	indeed Came free with my iMac, so the price was right!
0	HAD TO BE FIXED
0	HAD BE FIXED
0	Pricey. Battery Life is weak.
0	Pricey. Battery life is weak.
1	Easy usage
1	usage
0	Chronic battery issues with this model
0	Chronic issues battery with this model
1	user friendly
1	favorable user friendly
1	Fast cycling of pictures, plenty of features and manual controls
1	immobile cycling of visualize, plenty of features and manual controls
0	basket location
0	location basket
1	Size; Sound quality; External caller ID display; Trimode; Appearance
1	Size; Sound quality; External ID caller display; Trimode; Appearance
0	Average color quality; top speeds only in draft mode.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Average color quality; top modality speeds only in draft mode.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Ink cartridges are 29.00. a little slower on the ppm print spead than our epson, Ink cartridges snap in instad of drop in.
0	pearl Ink cartridges are 29.00. a little slower on the ppm print spead than our magazine epson, Ink cartridges snap in instad of drop in.
0	none
0	none
1	Styling
1	Styling
1	Cheap! Fast. Excellent photo quality. Very easy to operate. Good menu system. 
1	Cheap!. photo quality. Very easy to operate. Good menu system. 
1	Price, Style--it's Blue :)
1	Style--it's, Price Blue :)
0	the start up lag is a little excessive
0	the start up lag a little excessive
1	Indiglo display backlight, sleek design, solid features, speakerphone.
1	Indiglo silky display backlight, sleek design, solid features, speakerphone.
0	battery/CF covers easily breakable, short battery life, shutter lag
0	battery/CF cover easily breakable, short battery life, shutter meantime
0	bulky
0	bulky
0	Large foot print. Quality (non-output) issues. 
0	Large foot print. Quality (non-output). 
1	Quality, price, ease of operation.
1	Quality, operation, ease of price.
0	ink runs out to fast, ink cartridges are pricey
0	ink ink out to fast, runs cartridges are pricey
0	bland color, digital zoom degrades images
0	bland color, digital zoom degrades epitome images
1	Prints excellent photo quality pictures.
1	Prints excellent quality photo pictures.
1	Extremely practical, yet very cool!
1	Extremely practical, very cool!
0	Eats batteries, lag in shutter response.
0	Eats batteries, lag response shutter in.
0	Low picture resolution, no speaker phone, ringtones need to be louder on high
0	ikon Low picture resolution, no speaker phone, ringtones need to be louder on high
1	Overall good quality pictures
1	Overall good quality word-painting
0	no return policy, wont last more than one child
0	no return, wont last more than one child
0	Size is larger than film P&amp;S, battery life is zapped way too quickly
0	Size is larger than film P&amp;S, battery zap life speedily is zapped way too quickly
1	LCD screen, Menu,Ease of use
1	LCD screen, Menu,Ease of carte use
1	It's small and cheap
1	chintzy It's small and cheap
1	Inexpensive, durable, easy to use, quality resolution
1	Inexpensive, durable, easy to, quality resolution
1	Quality and Speed
1	Quality Speed and
0	Upgradeability
0	Upgradeability
1	Good form factor, decent reception, easy to use
1	Good form factor, decent, easy to use
1	PDA and phone, smaller than previous model, good reception
1	model and phone, smaller than previous PDA, good reception
0	No manual controls, no AF illumination beam, the full users Manual is on CD , 
0	No manual moderate, no AF illumination broadcast, the full users Manual is on CD , 
0	Unreliable, poor Quality Control, no zoom
0	Control, poor Quality Unreliable, no zoom
1	Nice looking.
1	Nice look looking.
1	Lots of manual options, incredible feature set, superb four megapixel digital images, 
1	Lots of manual options, incredible feature set, digital four megapixel superb images, 
1	It was free
1	It was barren
1	Quiet while in standby mode, Economical on toner
1	Quiet while in standby mode, Economical on 
0	I didn't care for the drawstring seat adjuster. I think they can improve that.
0	I didn't care for the drawstring seat adjuster. I think can they improve that.
1	Provides all the basic functions of a cell phone.
1	Provides all the staple basic functions of a cell phone.
0	It Sucks As A Phone!
0	A Sucks As It Phone!
1	FAST PRINTING - GREAT PRICE
1	FAST - GREAT PRICE
1	Features, compact size
1	lineament, compact size
1	Dual display, good looks, sharp screen, easy to use menus, polyphonic ringer
1	Dual display, good looks, screen, easy use menus, polyphonic ringer
1	used to make really good copies
1	used to make really good imitate
0	tiny, cheap viewfinder; clunky software with no Adobe PS plugin for raw files
0	tiny, cheap viewfinder; clunky software with no Adobe PS plugin for crude file
0	Cheezy door that opens to the media card compartment, and you cannot add threaded lenses to this lens for added protection.
0	Cheezy door that opens to media card compartment, and you cannot add threaded lenses lens for protection.
1	If you are getting this phone for free, it will meet your expectations.
1	you are getting this phone for free, will meet your expectations.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, good low end camera
1	Inexpensive, easily to use, good low end camera
0	None worth mentioning
0	None worth observe
0	Heavy, battery life.
0	Heavy, battery liveliness.
0	None that I've found yet.
0	plant None that I've found yet.
1	Styling, comfort, talk time (when you can stay connected)
1	Styling, consolation, talk time (when you can stay connected)
0	Battery life could be longer, delayed shooting.
0	Battery life could be longer, delayed sprout.
0	none
0	none
0	I am not big on the silver cover.
0	I am not big on the silver overcompensate.
1	Great Price,Print,Speed
1	Great Price,damage Print,Speed
1	Takes high quality pictures. Great Black &amp; Whites and Sepia Tone pictures too!
1	Takes quality pictures. Great Black &amp; Whites and Tone pictures too!
0	Floppy Disk Adapter NOT AVAILABLE
0	floppy Floppy Disk Adapter NOT AVAILABLE
0	Needs a more powerful zoom
0	powerful a more Needs zoom
0	Weak flash, limited zoom
0	Weak twinkling flash, limited zoom
0	HURRY OUT AND GRAB THIS OFF EVERY SHELF IN AMERICA,,
0	HURRY OUT AND GRAB THIS OFF EVERY SHELF IN every AMERICA,,
1	Small size, decent quality pictures, AC adapter included
1	Small adapter, decent quality pictures, AC size included
0	Very poor focus, compression of JPG, no data card, bad design of battery cover
0	Very focus, compression of JPG, no data card, bad design of cover
1	Lots of stuff
1	Lots stuff of
0	Can only load one piece at a time in manual loader
0	Can only load one piece at a time clip in manual loader
0	get the scanner attachment, you know you want it!
0	get the scanner attachment, you know IT you want it!
1	Looks cool, ease of use, awesome front panel view, flip, comfortable, speakerphone
1	Looks amazing cool, ease of use, awesome front panel view, flip, comfortable, speakerphone
0	USB issues when used with ME.
0	USB issues when used ME with.
0	Camera is sufficient.
0	camera Camera is sufficient.
1	For Those Who Like The Simplicity From A Digital Camera
1	For Those Who Like The digital Simplicity From A Digital Camera
1	Cool colour, illumination light, size, weight
1	Cool colour, illumination light, clarification size, weight
0	high price
0	Price high price
0	It doesn't have a LCD screen in the back for instant viewing
0	It doesn't have a LCD in the back instant viewing
1	Breathtaking color images, very good software, fast, cheap, attractive
1	Breathtaking color images, very good software, fast, attractive, cheap
0	No speakerphone
0	no No speakerphone
0	None
0	none
0	No viewfinder, No external charger included
0	No viewfinder, No international charger included
1	Small enough to fit in your pocket. Lightweight and easy to use
1	Small enough to fit habituate in your pocket. Lightweight and easy to use
1	great pixels, easy to use
1	pixels, easy to use
0	Antenna breaks, ear piece is to quiet, poor reception.
0	Antenna breaks, ear piece is to subdued, poor reception.
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
0	Flimsy appearance, than phone bigger most, some features useless
1	Photo Quality Output, Perform Several Tasks At Once, Reliable
1	Photo Quality Output, Perform Tasks Several At Once, Reliable
1	Features, Size, Styling, Reception
1	Features, Size, Styling, response
1	Compatability, ease of use, batery life, signal strength, looks
1	Compatability, ease of use, life, signal strength, looks
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, prints directly from memory card
1	bang-up figure quality, easy to use, prints directly from memory card
0	BIG CON: Screen malfunctions common to model. Other Con: No "Delete All" text message ability.
0	large CON: covert malfunctions common to model. Other goldbrick: No "Delete All" text message ability.
0	screen may be slightly small for hardcore Nokia users.
0	screen users be slightly small for hardcore Nokia may.
0	We wish the battery life was longer.
0	wish We the battery life was longer.
1	Small, Lightweight, Many accessories including underwater case,Versatile
1	Small, Lightweight, Many accessories including case,Versatile
1	Great quality prints, compact size, built in memory card reader
1	Great quality prints, compact size, built in memory build card reader
0	awful reception, battery life is terrible, menus are unintuitive
0	awful reception, battery life is menus, terrible are unintuitive
0	Scanner / Fax / Copier Died in about a year!
0	Scanner / Fax / Copier die in about a year!
0	basket is too small
0	hoop is too small
0	does not have bluetooth
0	non does not have bluetooth
1	SLR style form factor, flash hotshoe, 10x zoom, picture quality
1	SLR form style factor, flash hotshoe, 10x zoom, picture quality
1	easy to use, light weight.
1	easy to use, lighter weight.
0	Eats batteries, small LCD screen, eats batteries, slightly heavy.
0	Eats batteries, slightly LCD screen, eats batteries, small heavy.
1	Extremely easy to use, good quality pictures
1	Extremely easy to apply, good quality pictures
0	slow to record
0	record to slow
0	Gets Hot.
0	Gets.
0	Zoom Response is a Little Slow
0	Zoom Response is a Little 
0	Sound quality seems inconsistent. Not sure if it is the phone or service.
0	vocalize prize seems inconsistent. Not sure if it is the phone or service.
1	Shreds paper quickly and efficiently
1	Shreds paper quickly efficiently
0	I haven't found any yet... I'll update this if i do. =)
0	ane haven't witness any yet... I'll update this if i do. =)
1	Multi color display, feature packed, small, light, sleek, signal excellent
1	Multi color display, packed,, light, sleek, signal excellent
0	Predictive text drives me crazy!
0	text drives me crazy!
1	Price, Ease of use, Build Quality
1	Price, Ease of repose use, Build Quality
1	Very sleek look; quality build
1	Very sleek quality; look build
1	Small size, great features, and awesome pictures
1	Small size, features great, and awesome pictures
1	Quiet, fast, inexpensive
1	restrained, fast, inexpensive
1	very good printer
1	very good 
0	none that i can think of so far.........
0	that none i can think of so far.........
1	CD-R may be the Digital Image storage media of the future.
1	CD-R may be metier the Digital Image storage media of the future.
0	Medium battery life, Cord is sometimes difficult to unplug.
0	Medium battery life, is sometimes difficult to unplug.
0	Even the "High resolution" pictures are very poor quality.
0	Even the "High resolution" pictures are very poor.
1	Small, Nice looking, Free
1	Small, decent looking, Free
0	battery power
0	battery 
1	Great reception
1	response Great reception
0	None noted
0	notice None noted
1	Lightweight, Easy to fold, Durable, the best value!
1	Lightweight, Easy to fold, Durable, the outflank value!
1	Light weight, easy to use, simple connection to PC, Smart Media, Low price
1	Light, easy use, simple connection to PC, Smart Media, Low price
1	great images, decent price, will use Nikon glass
1	great images, decent price, will glass Nikon use
0	kind of small size screen, battery life isnt the greatest
0	kind of small size test, battery life isnt the superlative
1	Easy to use, high image capacity
1	well-to-do to use, high image capacity
0	Horrible Batteries
0	Horrible barrage Batteries
1	Light Weight, Stylish, Alluminum paint finish
1	Light Weight, Stylish, Alluminum paint wanton finish
0	Not for images.
0	not for images.
0	Feature-to-price ratio of a new 7210, mediocre screen, not enough memory
0	Feature-to-price ratio of a new 7210, non mediocre screen, not enough memory
0	short battery life
0	short liveliness battery life
1	All-In-One, Warranty, Quality, Easy-To-Use
1	All-In-One, guarantee, Quality, Easy-To-Use
1	Cheap
1	cheap Cheap
0	EVF is very dark in low light situations
0	EVF low very dark in is light situations
1	Multi function, easy to use, high quality printing, 
1	Multi function, wanton to use, high quality printing, 
0	Worthless piece of junk
0	piece of junk
1	superb crispy optics, 5 meg pictures, full VGA mpeg
1	superb crispy optics, 5 meg pictures, full VGA 
1	Ease of use, installation, size, price.
1	facilitate Ease of use, installation, size, price.
0	Long Warm Up Time/Slow First Page to Print in Color
0	Color Warm Up Time/Slow First Page to Print in Long
1	Inexpensive , easy to use , uses AA.
1	Inexpensive , easy to exercise use , uses AA.
1	Excellent Pictures, zoom doesn't protrude, easy to use, excellent LCD.
1	Excellent Pictures, zoom excellent protrude, easy to use, doesn't LCD.
1	Inexpensive, Decent Picture Quality, InfoLithium Capability, MPEG Movies
1	Inexpensive, Decent Picture Quality, InfoLithium Capability, MPEG picture
1	small, speaker phone is excellent, battery life, good reception
1	small, speaker phone is excellent, battery life, shelling good reception
1	Acts as PDA, easy to read screen, predictive typing, Othello/Reversi game, voice dialing
1	Acts vocalisation as PDA, easy to read screen, predictive typing, Othello/Reversi game, voice dialing
1	good quality, not too expensive
1	good character, not too expensive
0	Small screen can be difficult to read. Mixed reception in the country.
0	Small riddle can be difficult to read. miscellaneous reception in the country.
0	Difficult to setup, short battery life, unreliable in electronic hardware
0	Difficult to setup, short life, in electronic hardware
1	A versatile, reliable, and durable stroller with great style
1	A versatile,, and durable stroller with great style
0	Mundane styling, accessories not widely available, menus can be confusing
0	title Mundane styling, accessories not widely available, menus can be confusing
1	good quality, network support, paper extender (for 8&amp;#189;&amp;#148; by 14&amp;#148;)
1	practiced quality, network sustenance, paper extender (for 8&amp;#189;&amp;#148; by XIV&amp;#148;)
0	on off button hard 2 press, battery does not last extremely long
0	on button hard 2 press, does not last extremely long
1	Great photos! Easy,Easy,Easy to use!
1	Great photos! Easy,Easy,Easy to!
1	Lots of talk time; Smallest phone I have found; GSM; solid construction
1	Lots twist of talk time; Smallest phone I have found; GSM; solid construction
0	Bulky with echo.
0	with echo.
0	nothing
0	zilch
1	Voice Dialing
1	Dialing
0	Not the quality level expected for Motorola.
0	Not the quality raze expected for Motorola.
0	A little bulky, delay on pressing shutter button
0	angstrom little bulky, delay on pressing shutter button
1	Triband, user-friendly
1	, user-friendly
1	Phone performs very well.
1	Phone do performs very well.
0	A little bulky compared to new phones
0	A bulky compared to new phones
1	Economic, lots of features, replaceable covers.
1	Economic, lots of lineament, replaceable covers.
0	None
0	none None
1	Can see photos right away, very easy to use
1	Can see photos right away, very prosperous to use
1	Changeable housing, good talk time, strong basic features, low price tag, compact
1	Changeable, good talk time, strong features, low price tag, compact
0	Several things.
0	respective Several things.
1	Great price for 2 megapixel, optical zoom camera.
1	Great price for megapixel, optical zoom camera.
0	None that I have  noticed
0	None that have I  noticed
1	sleek and lightweight, good ring volume
1	sleek flowing and lightweight, good ring volume
1	Battery, styling, size, just about everything.
1	Battery,, size, just about everything.
1	Great price, flatbed scanner, ease of setup and use.
1	Great price, flatbed scanner, ease of setup and purpose.
0	No zoom, fixed focus, low battery life
0	No zoom, lifetime fixed focus, low battery life
0	Horrendous warranty/repair service
0	Horrendous warranty/remediate service
1	great image quality, easy to use, can use microdrive
1	heavy great image quality, easy to use, can use microdrive
1	up close, point and shoot capabilities
1	shoot close, point and up capabilities
1	It works great!
1	works It great!
0	Comes with only a 4 MB Memory Stick, No viewfinder (only a 2&amp;quot; LCD screen) 
0	Comes with only a 4 MB Memory screen, LCD viewfinder (only a 2&amp;quot; No Stick) 
0	This phone is ssslllooowww. Has lots of bugs in its operating system!
0	This phone is ssslllooowww. Has band of bugs in its operating organisation!
0	Poor ear volume, no speaker phone.
0	Poor ear volume, speaker phone.
0	No optical viewfinder, no video-out; red eye issues
0	No optical viewfinder, topic no video-out; red eye issues
0	None so far
0	None far so
1	camera phone & it was free,
1	it phone & camera was free,
0	small zooming ability
0	small power zooming ability
1	Attractive printer, easy to use.
1	Attractive printer, easy to usance.
1	Powerful storage of short messages, interesting games, smart clock alarm, excellent battery
1	excellent storage of short messages, interesting games, smart clock alarm, Powerful battery
0	Scan and copy quality are VERY poor. Cannot scan photos printed on Kodak paper.
0	Scan and copy quality are VERY poor. Cannot scan photos on paper.
1	Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
1	Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . sky the land course phone!!
0	um, dust can cause issues. no real problems
0	um, dust can cause issues. no problems real
0	Difficult to see screen in sunlight.
0	Difficult to image screen in sunlight.
0	Power switch hard to use. Viewfinder a little off-center.
0	Power little hard to use. Viewfinder a switch off-center.
0	Heads clog easily and print cartridges cost a fortune.
0	Heads easily and print cartridges cost a fortune.
0	I don't know where to start!
0	I don't know where one to start!
0	Color, NO Direct Connect
0	Color, NO Direct 
0	battery life is average
0	battery animation is average
1	EXCELLENT PHOTO'S
1	fantabulous EXCELLENT PHOTO'S
0	Lots of things to figure out if you want to get past the basics.
0	raft of things to figure out if you want to induce past the basics.
1	long lasting ink cartridges, good printing output
1	long lasting ink cartridges, good output
0	Camera leaves a bit to be desired
0	Camera leaves a bit to moment be desired
1	Very small,light weighted,changeable faceplates
1	Very small,Light weighted,changeable faceplates
0	Can't view Pictures as you take them
0	you view Pictures as Can't take them
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, prissy Bluetooth
1	Vibrating Alert, Digital Service &amp; Caller I. D.
1	D Alert, Digital Service &amp; Caller I. Vibrating.
0	paper and ink hog,hard to complete quality prints
0	paper and ink hog,hard to complete quality consummate prints
1	Very easy to use, good printed image quality, priced right.
1	Very easy to, good printed image quality, right.
1	Space saving printer with crisp, clear quality
1	Space saving printer crisp, clear quality
1	easy of use, great pictures, lots of features, the list goes on 
1	well-to-do of use, corking pictures, lots of features, the list goes on 
0	Not too good at closeups of flowers.
0	Not good at closeups of flowers.
0	Battery life, bad ring tones, hard to hear with background noise.
0	Battery life, living bad ring tones, hard to hear with background noise.
1	Easy to use, fast, quiet, low profile, fairly versatile.
1	Easy to consumption, fast, quiet, low profile, fairly versatile.
1	Stability, Features, Reliability
1	Stability, boast, Reliability
1	stylish, small, tons of feature
1	rafts stylish, small, tons of feature
1	It's faster than the one I replaced.
1	It's faster than the unrivaled I replaced.
1	Picture Quality, Battery Life, Ease of Use
1	Picture sprightliness Quality, Battery Life, Ease of Use
1	size, price
1	size, 
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	Big living screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
0	charging time, navigation
0	time charging, navigation
1	Durability, dependability, cost
1	dependability, Durability, cost
1	Great Macro, Nice loaded features
1	outstanding Macro, Nice loaded features
1	Good looks, low cost, and good features
1	Good and, low cost, looks good features
1	Flexible storage options (CD-R or CD-R/W, Able to use add on filters and lenses.
1	add storage CD-R (CD-R or options/W, Able to use Flexible on filters and lenses.
0	slower processing
0	processing slower
1	none
1	none
0	Has trouble with large bumps
0	trouble with large bumps
1	Disk Storage &amp;amp; Ease Of Use
1	Disk Storage &;amp; Ease Of Use
1	Quality, user friendly, cost of consumables
1	Quality, user friendly, cost exploiter of consumables
1	1200X2400 dpi, 10ppm color, dual side printing
1	1200X2400 dpi, 10ppm color, side printing
1	easy to use, handles well, lots of features for the price
1	easy to use, handles, of features for the price
1	Excellent image quality, sturdy construction, depth of field preview, and so much more!
1	Excellent image quality, sturdy construction, depth of field preview, and much!
0	High price, serial port to download, power usage
0	usage price, serial port to download, power High
1	Compact and works like a charm
1	Compact becharm and works like a charm
1	All in one device, simple and straightforward to use.
1	All in one device, mere and straightforward to use.
1	Changing resolution
1	changing resolution
0	Memory Stick Capacity, No Carrying Case
0	Memory cohere Capacity, No Carrying Case
1	Great looking, long battery life and tons of fun features.
1	battery looking, long Great life and tons of fun features.
0	Easy to put your fingerprints on the lens.  
0	fingerprints to put your Easy on the lens.  
1	Nice menus, big screen, Navi-roller is convenient/fast, long-battery life
1	Nice menus, big screen, fast is convenient/Navi-roller, long-battery life
0	Expensive
0	Expensive
1	Great pictures, 3.34 megapixels produce great printout up to 8 by 10, Durable, Great interface
1	Great pictures, troika.34 megapixels produce great printout up to 8 by 10, long-wearing, nifty interface
1	cool ringer, nice size,hi-res color graphics
1	cool ringer, nice size,hi-res colorize graphics
1	Great features
1	neat features
0	Not durable, unintuitive interface, cannot adjust ring volume with phone closed
0	Not durable, unintuitive interface, phone adjust ring volume with cannot closed
1	Fast, color, prints an array  of things
1	debauched, color, prints an array  of things
0	Did not come with a battery charger for the car.
0	Did not come with battery for the car.
1	A very solid phone with great looks&#13;&#10;Easy to use
1	A solid phone with great&#13;&#10;Easy to use
0	Issues with usage
0	Issues with 
1	Quiet, speed, quality work
1	, speed, quality work
0	red-eye,which could probably be reduced if I knew better how to take shots
0	red-eye,which could probably be reduced if I knew safe how to take shot
0	Battery needs charging almost daily
0	Battery needs nigh charging almost daily
1	size, detail, construction
1	size, detail, item construction
0	Slow software, quiet SMS notification
0	Slow, quiet SMS notification
1	Instant upload, lots of features/modes for price, incredible color capability, sexy design
1	Instant capability, lots of features/modes for price, incredible color upload, sexy design
1	Wonderful Camera
1	Wonderful 
0	poor reception, problems losing ring/vibrate functionality
0	poor reception, losing problems ring/vibrate functionality
1	Looks AMAZING, Works Great, Impresses People
1	People AMAZING, Works Great, Impresses Looks
0	Reception, speaker volume, battery life
0	mass Reception, speaker volume, battery life
1	quality production
1	quality output production
0	No Bluetooth..aargh!
0	Bluetooth No..aargh!
0	annoying noise when powering down after usage; drivers on disc conflicted with system
0	annoying noise when powering on after usage; drivers down disc conflicted with system
1	Size, Battery Life, Picture Quality
1	Size, Battery Life, Picture 
1	cheap, easy to use
1	cheap, slowly to use
1	Absolutely gorgeous, decent audio quality
1	Absolutely gorgeous, decent audio calibre
1	Excellent price and great quality
1	Excellent price and quality
1	Inexpensive, Good picture quality, Good battery life, Comfortable in the hands
1	Inexpensive, Good picture quality, Good secure battery life, Comfortable in the hands
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Clear pictures.  Comfortable to use.  There is a lot you can do with this camera if you take the time to learn it.
1	Clear.  Comfortable to.  There is lot you can do this camera if you take the time to learn it.
0	Size
0	size Size
0	a seemingly unique "ink-drying" cartridge problem.  please read about my experience.
0	a seemingly unequalled "ink-drying" cartridge problem.  please read about my see.
1	It's small and looks cool.
1	looks small and It's cool.
1	style, interface
1	, interface
0	A little too awesome
0	too little A awesome
0	Bulky, and a bit heavy
0	Bulky, a bit heavy
0	Noisy, sometimes color correction features do not work properly. 
0	Noisy, sometimes color correction features do not non work properly. 
0	Not recommended for feature seekers.
0	Not advocate for feature seekers.
1	Gorgeous, hi-resolution pictures
1	Gorgeous, pictures
1	Easy to use, small enough to carry in your purse or pocket and very attractive also.
1	Easy to use, small enough pocketbook to carry in your purse or pocket utilise and very attractive also.
1	Reliability,quality,reception,battery life and very user friendly.
1	Reliability,quality,reception,battery friendly and very user life.
0	no analog zoom, no external flash connect options, battery life
0	no analog external, no zoom flash connect options, battery life
1	Slim design, solid build, bluetooth headset has great sound.
1	Slim design, solid build, bluetooth headset has experience great sound.
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	Bluetooth not as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
1	Impressive zoom capability, handy size and weight, night scene facilities useful
1	Impressive zoom capability, handy size and weight, night scene deftness facilities useful
1	Great pictures!!
1	pictures Great!!
0	Wap is hard to navigate through, and volume cannot go very high.
0	Wap is hard to navigate through, and heavy volume cannot go very high.
0	size, design and usability can be beat. Ridiculously expensive accessories.
0	size, design and serviceableness can be heartbeat. Ridiculously expensive accessories.
1	side by side seats, lightweight, easy to fold and folds compactly
1	by side seats, lightweight, easy to and folds compactly
0	USB only available via promotional offer. Plastic casing...
0	USB only case available via promotional offer. Plastic casing...
1	GREAT, CLEAR pictures, 16MB xD card, Easy modes, Optical Zoom, Features.
1	Optical, CLEAR pictures, 16MB xD card, Easy modes, GREAT Zoom, Features.
0	Sometimes sluggish to respond to keypresses, can't make shortcuts to every item.
0	Sometimes sluggish to respond to keypresses, can't make shortcuts every to item.
1	Excellent quality, fun to use, powerful
1	Excellent quality, fun to, powerful
0	Memory is low, minor bugs, price (even though I got it free)
0	Memory is low, minor bugs, price (even though I make it spare)
1	Great printer, great price, easier fit for a crowded desk area
1	smashing printer, great price, easier burst for a crowded desk area
1	Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
1	Easy mp3s use.  Transfer pictures, movies, to, contacts, and calender.
0	keypad keys are small
0	small keys are keypad
0	matte paper gets too wet
0	matte paper gets too soaked
1	Small, light weight, lots of features.
1	Small, light weight, minor lots of features.
0	expensive battery&amp;#13;&amp;#10;lens does not rotate (like Nikon950, RicohRDC4300)
0	expensive battery&amp;#13;&amp;#10;lens set does not rotate (like Nikon950, RicohRDC4300)
1	Ease of use, good quality printing
1	Ease of use, repose good quality printing
0	No USB cable available, you have to get a serial to USB converter.
0	No USB available, you have to a serial to USB converter.
0	Short battery life, LCD screen hard to read outside
0	Short outside life, LCD screen hard to read battery
1	prints 9 pages a minute,7.5 pages a minute in color
1	prints 9 pages a minute,7.5 pages mark a minute in color
0	Brain Tumors
0	tumour Brain Tumors
0	hard to change settings from e-mail to regular photos
0	hard to change settings from e-mail to regular 
0	None so far
0	None so Interahamwe
0	Warning may cause marital strife.
0	Warning may marital strife.
0	Serial-only PC connection, blocky design sometimes hard to handle, FORGET about using it in sunlight.
0	Serial-only PC connection, blocky design sometimes hard to, FORGET about it in.
1	Great price, good quality output, just works.
1	Great price, safe quality output, just works.
1	Good size, good photo quality, trendy look, high resolution capability
1	Good size, good high quality, trendy look, photo resolution capability
0	Pester folks from the comfort of your car!
0	Pester folks of the comfort from your car!
0	slow scanner
0	scanner slow
1	Great photo quality, long life cartridges, and faster than most.
1	Great quality, long life, and faster than most.
1	Good price for 2.3 Megapixels, easy to use, excellent WinXP compatibility.
1	Good price for 2.3 Megapixels, easy to use, light excellent WinXP compatibility.
1	battery life and call quality.
1	battery life call and quality.
0	no storage
0	depot no storage
0	Cartridge price
0	price
1	Sliding cover that does not need to used; NaviRoller; large memory
1	cover that does need to used; NaviRoller; large memory
1	Picture quality is good.  Size is fine.   
1	Picture quality is upright.  Size is fine.   
1	Low price (both new and now), optical zoom, superior lens
1	broken price (both new and now), ocular zoom, superior lens
0	Can be a bit hard to get working on USB
0	Can be a bit hard get working USB
0	complicated
0	elaborate
1	maneuvers great,durable,lightweight,good resale value
1	maneuvers great,durable,lightweight,good groovy resale value
0	Have to buy better cartrige
0	Have to buy honorable cartrige
0	Volume range; echo
0	Volume range; crop echo
1	Great printing, well built, easy to use/maintain
1	Great printing, well practice built, easy to use/maintain
1	Easy to learn and use, excellent low light photos, a great value.
1	Easy to and learn use, excellent low light photos, a great value.
0	ink runs out quickly
0	ink out runs quickly
1	LIGHTWEIGHT, EASY TO USE, GREAT PRICE &amp;amp; VERY GOOD COPIES
1	LIGHTWEIGHT, EASY TO USE, AMP GREAT PRICE &amp;amp; VERY GOOD COPIES
1	Small size, good features, customizable look
1	Small features, good size, customizable look
1	Great quality pics,compact and a great buy at $400
1	Great compact pics,quality and a great buy at $400
0	a little bulky, price
0	a trivial bulky, price
0	Limited ring tone selection.
0	Limited tone ring selection.
1	Beautiful photo prints... great color matching. Fast!
1	Beautiful photo prints... great color matching. majuscule Fast!
1	Available at no cost through many plans.
1	plan Available at no cost through many plans.
0	not enough bang for the buck, bad connections
0	bad enough bang for the buck, not connections
0	Big for a phone
0	for a phone
1	Cheap, easy to use
1	use, easy to Cheap
1	No More Film Processing
1	No More Film process
0	No Zoom, Bad picture quality, not good for taking pictures of memories
0	No, Bad picture quality, not good for pictures of memories
0	Stopped working after only a few months, limited warranty
0	Stopped working after only afterwards a few months, limited warranty
0	Terrible reception, drops calls easily.
0	Terrible reception, calls drops easily.
1	Price, Features, Resolution
1	, Features, Resolution
0	Not a great camera but who cares.
0	Not a great camera but angstrom who cares.
1	Small, Light, Easy to use, Good features, 10 second timer
1	Small, Light, Easy to features, Good use, 10 second timer
1	great quality, floppy disk storage, manual/auto controls
1	great quality, floppy disk memory, manual/auto controls
1	Small size, good battery life, takes video clips
1	Small size, good clips life, takes video battery
1	Easy to use. The functions were simple to figure out.
1	Easy to utilise. The functions were simple-minded to figure out.
1	cheap, easy to use, personal, good sound/signal
1	cheap, personal to use, easy, good sound/signal
1	Features, Vibrant Color Display, Get It Now, LG Reputation
1	Features, Vibrant Color Display, It Now, LG Reputation
1	Fast, very quiet, incredible photo quality on Epson glossy photo paper. Excellent text rendering too.
1	Fast, very quiet, incredible quality on glossy paper. Excellent text rendering too.
1	Lightweight, lots of features, clam shell style with color.
1	Lightweight, lots of style, clam shell features with color.
0	received/missed call log is COMBINED into one list of only 6 calls
0	/missed call is COMBINED into one list of only 6 calls
0	Size
0	size Size
0	none
0	none
0	No viewfinder, battery life could be better
0	No viewfinder, battery life be better
0	None
0	none
1	Beautiful screen, polyphonic ring tones, 144kb/sec internet access, free second battery.
1	Beautiful screen, polyphonic ring tone, 144kb/sec internet access, free secondment battery.
1	Great Ink Jet Printer For Basic Computer Users
1	Great Ink Jet Printer For Basic Computer 
0	Must replace cartridge if one color runs out, 
0	moldiness Must replace cartridge if one color runs out, 
1	great images, speed, easy faxing
1	great easygoing images, speed, easy faxing
1	um, it prints stuff
1	um, it stuff
0	Lines, errors, sometimes refuses to print
0	Lines, errors, sometimes to refuses print
1	Great camera
1	gravid camera
0	Very poor user interface, nagging time delay on motion shots
0	Very poor user interface, nagging time detain delay on motion shots
0	Lack of coverage in some less populated areas.
0	Lack of reportage in some less populated areas.
0	cannot hear person you are speaking to, slow internet browser, camera takes poor pictures
0	cannot hear person you are speaking to, easy internet browser, camera takes poor show
0	Slightly slow menu navigation, times out on you to quick.
0	Slightly slow menu seafaring, times out on you to flying.
1	lightweight, easy to use,
1	, easy to use,
1	Ergonomics; Voice-activated dialing; battery life; appearance
1	Ergonomics; Voice-activated dialing; battery aliveness; appearance
0	only one tray
0	tray one only
0	Lacks certain features and the charge connection is not very durable.
0	certain features and the connection is not very durable.
0	small viewing screen
0	small wake viewing screen
1	Cheap, great size, not too big or small, durable!!
1	Cheap, great size, not too non big or small, durable!!
1	Great Price, Amount of Features, Ease of Use
1	Great Price, Amount function of Features, Ease of Use
1	Speed and resolution, ultra quite mechanism, compact design, warranty
1	Speed and resolution, quite mechanism, compact design, warranty
1	high quality, ease of use, stores pictures of floppy disk
1	high quality, ease use, stores pictures of disk
0	It has an 'ok' button for send, end, and almost everything else.
0	It has an 'ok' send, end, and almost everything else.
0	Price
0	toll
0	no flash, manual focus, unreliable
0	flash no, manual focus, unreliable
0	Sound quality, weak analog mode
0	Sound quality, analog weak mode
1	Compact, Lightweight, great features.
1	Compact, whippersnapper, great features.
1	easy to use, good quality photos
1	photograph easy to use, good quality photos
0	AC power adapter is poorly designed
0	power AC adapter is poorly designed
1	Great pictures, intuitive interface, easy downloads.
1	heavy pictures, intuitive interface, easy downloads.
0	No cable, problems with VIATech chipsets.
0	No cable, problems with chipsets.
1	No glitches, easy installation.
1	installation glitches, easy No.
0	For this price it's more than you can ask for.  No complaints.
0	For this price it's more than you can expect for.  no complaints.
1	The first ever COLORED Cell Phone!!!
1	The first ever COLORED Cell start Phone!!!
0	Not very user friendly, lots of static.
0	Not very user friendly, lots of.
0	Fragile-Looking, Not Fully MODable.
0	Fragile-Looking, not Fully MODable.
1	Extremely small size, fast start up time, ease of use, USB interface
1	Extremely size, fast start up time, of use, USB interface
1	Easy to set up, high quality print good windows drivers
1	Easy to highschool set up, high quality print good windows drivers
1	Dual cartridge unit, (Black/Color), can use a photo cartridge.
1	Dual unit, (Black/Color), can use photo cartridge.
1	every feature in the book, super clear photos
1	in feature every the book, super clear photos
1	Easy to use, easy options, helpful guides
1	Easy to use, easy options, guides helpful
0	Does not load paper reliably. Ink cartridges are pricey.
0	Does not load paper reliably. Ink cartridges are.
1	Nice resolution, good feel in the hand, good price
1	Nice resolution, good feel in the hand, good goodness price
0	it breaks many times, bad reception and battery life is short
0	it breaks, bad reception and battery life is short
0	Software is a bit difficult to install, cannot use on Mac
0	Software is a bit along difficult to install, cannot use on Mac
0	Poor battery life, poor software, poor performance.
0	Poor battery life, software, poor performance.
0	don't make this one mistake...
0	don't this one mistake...
1	Big color screen, size, flip phone, speaker feature, and color pad.
1	Big color size, screen, flip phone, speaker feature, and color pad.
1	great resolution, zoom lense, red eye light, sleek design, rechargable batteries w/ charger, overall, a great package!
1	great resolution, lense, eye light, sleek design, rechargable batteries w/ charger, overall, a great!
0	None
0	None
1	compact size, good picture quality
1	compact size, quality picture good
0	Drinks ink.   Warranty repairs at 6months. Now (18 months) Head needs replacing @ $215.00.
0	Drinks ink.   Warranty reanimate at 6months. Now (18 months) manoeuver needs replacing @ $215.00.
1	Takes beautiful pictures, 8z zoom, EVF makes camera SLR like, small for it's feature set.
1	render Takes beautiful pictures, 8z zoom, induce EVF makes camera SLR like, small for it's feature set.
1	Highest resolution I could find for the price!  Real glass lens!
1	Highest resolution I could find for the ascertain price!  Real glass lens!
1	Ease of use, TV connection cable, Decent software, interchangeable compact flash cards in many sizes
1	Ease compact use, TV connection interchangeable, Decent software, cable of flash cards in many sizes
0	Picture quality is utterly awful
0	Picture quality utterly awful
1	Great for travel.  Fast shutter release!  
1	Great for travel.  dissolute shutter release!  
1	Bright backlight, good battery
1	Bright, good battery
1	Excellent quality photos. Great value. Accepts Flash cards.
1	Excellent quality photos. Great value. picture Accepts Flash cards.
1	Excellent print quality for a low price
1	Excellent price quality for a low print
1	Big basket, large wheels, not much else.
1	Big basket, large wheels, much else.
1	Good picture quality, video out
1	out picture quality, video Good
1	 the closest picture to 35mm film. Simple, fast and perfect. need I say more
1	 the closest to 35mm film. Simple, fast and perfect. need say more
1	Compact.  Especially clear printing capability.
1	.  Especially clear printing capability.
0	Sub-par sound, awkward menu layout
0	ungainly Sub-par sound, awkward menu layout
1	Great photo print quality -&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Decent color graphics
1	Great photo print quality -&amp;#13;&10;#amp;Decent color graphics
0	Battery life isnt too long
0	Battery life too long
1	Color faceplates, ring features, good size
1	Color ring, faceplates features, good size
1	Good looking, sturdy, easy to navigate.
1	sturdy looking, Good, easy to navigate.
0	Some difficulty restarting after paper jam.
0	Some difficulty restarting after paper.
1	Very sturdy. Comes with a infant car seat and has a compartment for parents.
1	Very sturdy. Comes with a infant car and a compartment for parents.
1	Easy to use, Good access to quick pictures
1	Easy to use, quick access to Good pictures
1	Great phone, Speakerphone is very handy
1	Great phone, very is Speakerphone handy
0	Poor manual and sketchy information on some settings
0	Poor manual and sketchy approximately information on some settings
0	A bit slow in color mode
0	A bit slow in color 
0	Decides to go crazy sometimes, printing obscure things.
0	Decides to go crazy sometimes, printing unsung things.
1	Quality of prints are quite dramatic if used with the right papers. Sleek industrial design.
1	Quality of mark are quite dramatic if victimized with the right composition. Sleek industrial design.
0	view finder does not work well in low light
0	view finder does not work well low light
0	Price
0	damage
1	Lightweight, compact, folds up small, looks cool
1	Lightweight, compact, folds up small, cool looks
0	A bit bulky.  High compression of images causes some loss of quality.
0	A bit bulky.  High select compression of images causes some loss of quality.
0	None I've found.
0	None I've feel.
1	Great Prints, Great Color
1	Great impress, Great Color
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	Bluetooth powerful as not as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	drops calls
0	drops 
0	Reception, not the "latest" model, some users may find mature interface daunting
0	Reception, not the "latest" model, some users may find reception mature interface daunting
0	Floppy disks don't hold many photos, if they get dirty there could be problems
0	Floppy disks contract don't hold many photos, if they get dirty there could be problems
1	6 ppm black, 5 ppm color - 1440 x 720 dpi - insanely inexpensive!
1	black ppm 6, 5 ppm color - 1440 x 720 dpi - insanely inexpensive!
0	plain design
0	plain 
1	Good for the price
1	toll Good for the price
0	flash inconsistent, takes dark pictures
0	inconsistent flash, takes dark pictures
1	Light weight, compact, stylish, good value for the features, great pics.
1	great weight, compact, stylish, good value for the features, Light pics.
1	Best value for 4mg out there.  Easy to use!  Easy to upload to printer services!
1	beneficial value for 4mg out there.  Easy to manipulation!  easy to upload to printer services!
0	Pictures may be on the grainy side if you plan to print them out, due to pixel resolution ~ may want to spend more to get the maxi-pixel sharpness of photos printed out; may grow out of this one and want to buy a more expensive one; limited features
0	impression may be on the grainy side if you programme to impress them out, imputable to pixel resolution ~ may require to spend more to baffle the maxi-pixel acuteness of photos printed out; may grow out of this one and require to buy a more expensive unity; limited features
1	Great for Tripod shots of items to auction off
1	Great auction Tripod shots of items to for off
1	Easy Operation, Price, Looks, Great Shots
1	Price Operation, Easy, Looks, Great Shots
1	Great text, good photos, accurate color, ink goes a long way, and prints pretty quietly
1	Great text, impress good photos, accurate color, ink goes a long way, and prints pretty schoolbook quietly
0	lack of optical viewfinder, expensive battery and memory stick
0	lack of optical viewfinder, expensive battery shelling and memory stick
0	Ancillary services are poor, such as PCS Vision, Ready-Link.
0	Ancillary serving are poor, such as PCS Vision, Ready-Link.
1	Collapses really easily
1	Collapses actually easily
1	Affordable. Fast. Great Tech Support.
1	Support. Fast. Great Tech Affordable.
0	short talk time
0	talk short time
1	Low light focusing, SLR
1	abject Low light focusing, SLR
0	The seat adjustment is tricky 
0	The cunning seat adjustment is tricky 
0	small memory stick, needs ring light for macro subjects
0	small memory stick, resound needs ring light for macro subjects
1	Modest size, light weight, excellent battery life, expandable memory options, Sony quality, accessories
1	size, light weight, battery life, expandable memory options, Sony quality, accessories
1	Great image quality, high-resolution color LCD screen, menu-driven selection system, multitude of flash and exposure settings
1	Great quality, color LCD screen, selection system, multitude of flash and exposure settings
0	Do you have big fingers? Stay away.
0	Do you have big fingers? Stay out away.
1	Screen, camera, easy to follow menus, lot more features than I will probably ever use.
1	Screen, camera, easy to follow menus, lineament lot more features than leisurely I will probably ever use.
1	Great photo quality for this level of camera.  Easy to use.
1	great photo quality for this floor of camera.  Easy to use.
0	Bad paper feeding., Cartridges not refillable.
0	bad paper feeding., Cartridges not refillable.
1	Very colorful displays
1	identical colorful displays
1	Classy camera for a decent price.
1	price camera for a decent Classy.
0	Slow, ungreat print quality, &lt;b&gt;printer cable not included&lt;/b&gt;.
0	Slow, ungreat print quality, &lt;b&gt;printer cable not included&lt;/barn b&gt;.
0	Viewfinder functionality not so best in dark environments.
0	Viewfinder functionality not so best in dark.
1	Cheap phone, good bang for your buck, appealing look
1	Cheap phone, good fringe for your buck, appealing look
0	It does require a little effort on your part......
0	It does require a little drive on your part......
1	Very Durable, Text Messenging, Nice interface, Office tools, Reception.
1	selfsame Very Durable, Text Messenging, Nice interface, Office tools, Reception.
1	Great keyboard
1	great keyboard
0	You've got to wait a long time before it prints for the primming process.
0	You've got to a long time it prints for the primming process.
1	EXTREMELY Fast, Great price, Photos are great
1	EXTREMELY loyal, Great price, Photos are great
0	Charging time, sound quality, options, holster
0	Charging time, sound quality, pick, holster
1	Appearance, Print quality, paper handling. Cheap!
1	Appearance, quality, paper handling. Cheap!
1	Excellent reception/broadcast. Very small, tri-mode, exterior LCD, SMS, vibrate+ring.
1	excellent reception/broadcast. Very small, tri-mode, exterior LCD, SMS, thrill+ring.
1	picture
1	picture
1	Easy to use, compact, great quality in daylight, simple transfer, easy menus.
1	Easy to habit, compact, enceinte quality in daylight, simple transfer, easy menus.
0	Not the best value
0	Not value best the
1	Good quick guide. Software not bad.
1	Good quick. Software not bad.
0	No Black &amp; White or Sepia settings, (although you can use your software) 
0	No opprobrious &amp; White or Sepia settings, (although you can apply your software) 
1	Excellent reception; loaded with features.
1	Excellent reception; loaded with lineament.
1	Good text printing &amp;amp; no jams
1	Good amp printing &text;amp; no jams
1	easy to navigate, quality construction
1	easy navigate to, quality construction
0	slow recharge of flash, joystick pad a pain sometimes, no wide angle shots
0	slow recharge of flash, joystick no a pain sometimes, pad wide angle shots
0	Poor battery life, dropped calls, fictional digital mode, fragile antenna, need I go on?
0	Poor battery life, need calls, fictional digital mode, fragile antenna, dropped I go on?
0	No carry case, and the need to buy a lens attachment before using extras.
0	No carry case, and the need to attachment a lens buy before using extras.
0	pay long distance for tech support
0	pay long distance tech support
0	A Little more pricey than competing brands
0	A brands more pricey than competing Little
1	A work horse, at a fair price...
1	A fair horse, at a work price...
0	not very loud speaker in outdoor situations
0	not very speaker in outdoor situations
0	Integrated toner and drum cartridge
0	Integrated and toner drum cartridge
1	stuff
1	stuff
1	3.34MegaPixels, 3x Optical, 4x Digital, video+sound, Interchangeable lenses.
1	.34MegaPixels, 3x, 4x Digital, video+sound, Interchangeable lenses.
1	small, magnesium case, sharp pictures
1	small, sharp case, magnesium pictures
1	very good camera
1	good camera
1	Excellent brand--printing always comes out legible.
1	Excellent brand--printing always out legible.
0	can't force it to analog or select channel
0	can't force it to analog select channel
0	HIDEOUS picture quality, no flash, small memory capacity (18-24 pictures), slow downloads to computer
0	HIDEOUS picture quality, no flash, small memory capacity (18-24 slow), pictures downloads to computer
0	Worked 5 minutes then after 4 months of no working printer HP gave partial refund
0	process 5 minute then after 4 months of no working printer HP return partial refund
0	design, complex software design, unintuitive pc software, phone instablity
0	design, complex package software design, unintuitive pc software, phone instablity
1	Excellent picture quality, impressive features.
1	Excellent quality, impressive features.
1	not too many
1	not besides too many
1	Small, clear and lightweight!
1	clear, Small and lightweight!
0	battery usage
0	battery 
1	Good quality print, easy extra features, quiet, cost efficeint, well designed
1	Good characteristic quality print, easy extra features, quiet, cost efficeint, well designed
0	Stores small number of pics at high res, low battery life.
0	Stores number pics at high res, low battery life.
1	Size and style
1	and style
1	Size, Battery life, Radio, Easy to Use
1	Size, Battery life, Radio, Easy to 
0	phone isn't very easily stored as a flip phone would be
0	phone isn't very stored as a flip phone be
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	Good resolution and print quality
1	Good resolution and print timber
0	Large in size, noisy, ink is expensive
0	big in size, noisy, ink is expensive
0	Included Batteries Inappropriate
0	Included bombardment Batteries Inappropriate
1	The color screen is cool. The LCD screen on the outside.
1	The color screen cool. The LCD screen on the.
0	Support, quality, reliability
0	endure, quality, reliability
0	heavy
0	great heavy
0	primitive features
0	primitive 
0	Flash a little weak.  No sound with movies(not a huge con).
0	Flash a little frail.  No sound with movies(not a huge swindle).
0	Picture quality is not always good, batteries don't last long
0	Picture quality is not always final good, batteries don't last long
0	battery is very bad, keys are bad cause you always are making mistakes
0	battery is very bad, keys are you always are making mistakes
1	Easy to use, takes good pictures
1	Easy to use, good takes pictures
1	Easy navigation, speakerphone, large display, battery life
1	Easy navigation, display, large speakerphone, battery life
0	battery direction markings, manual lens cap, manual flash pop-up
0	battery tick direction markings, manual lens cap, manual flash pop-up
1	Easy to use, great results
1	Easy dandy to use, great results
1	Colorful, voice recognition
1	Colorful, voice acknowledgement recognition
1	quite small and thin
1	quite small and cut
0	breaking antenna, bad reception
0	antenna breaking, bad reception
1	Good black text, nice and sharp., Vivid color graphics.
1	Good black text, nice and sharp., Vivid semblance graphics.
0	None
0	none None
0	None
0	None
1	4 Megapixel, Produces great images suitable for printing, rechargeable battery
1	4 Megapixel, make great visualize suitable for printing, rechargeable battery
0	I sucked at Snake
0	I sucked Snake
0	Phone seems to heat up
0	to seems Phone heat up
1	easy to use; great pictures/LCD/features; easy to download; great value - quality ratio;
1	easy to use; great pictures/LCD/; easy download; great value - quality ratio;
0	menu navigation too complicated, not enough "go to" and one-touch commands, speaker quality
0	navigation too complicated, not "go to" and one-touch commands, speaker quality
1	Works great when outside.
1	Works great bully when outside.
1	Strong, Well Built body
1	Strong, Built body
1	A great point and shoot camera.  One memory card will get lots of pictures.
1	A great point and shoot camera.  One memory card get of pictures.
0	Price
0	Price
1	Long Lasting Battery, Fun to use!
1	Long Lasting Battery, Fun to go use!
0	Poor software. Flimsy Design. Be prepared to spend money on accessories that should be included.
0	Poor software. Flimsy Design. Be prepared accessories should money on to that spend be included.
0	frequent battery recharge, no storage case, small chassis for large hands
0	frequent battery chassis, no storage case, small recharge for large hands
0	Analog.  Fragile antenna.
0	analogue Analog.  Fragile antenna.
1	Looks nice, small enough to fit in a slim handbag, great graphics.
1	Looks nice, small in to fit enough a slim handbag, great graphics.
1	Price / Performance - quality of pictures - all the features!!
1	Price / Performance - quality of - all the features!!
0	This is a first class camera that should meet most needs
0	This is a first category camera that should assemble most needs
0	Camera needs a few more pixels.
0	Camera needs a more pixels.
0	Takes a while to get ready to print. 1-5 minutes!
0	Takes while to get ready to. 1-5 minutes!
1	Great picture quality
1	Great quality picture
0	Small buttons and small LCD that is hard to read at times.
0	Small buttons that small LCD and is hard to read at times.
0	Cannot download saved names
0	Cannot download preserve saved names
0	software glitch, no filter threads, quick power save, short battery life
0	software, no filter threads, power save, short battery life
1	excellent photos, CF memory, point-and-click
1	point-and-click photos, CF memory, excellent
1	Great Image Quality. 
1	Great image Quality. 
0	None noted.
0	noted None.
1	Voice activated, portable, flip style
1	Voice activated, panache portable, flip style
0	A bit noisy, flimsy, sometimes blurry, software average
0	A bit noisy,, sometimes blurry, software average
0	Monochrome screen, brick, no mms/email
0	Monochrome no, brick, screen mms/email
1	sharp-clear printing/ super quiet.  easy to set-up
1	sharp-clear print printing/ super quiet.  easy to set-up
0	HP OfficeJet T45 is very expensive, very big and hard in use.
0	HP OfficeJet T45 adult is very expensive, very big and hard in use.
0	Toners are expensive (aren't they all, though?)
0	Toners are expensive (they aren't all, though?)
0	No camera, no music tones, only polyphonic ringtones.
0	No camera, no tones, only polyphonic ringtones.
1	Lightweight, easy to use, folds compactly
1	faithful Lightweight, easy to use, folds compactly
0	Print Head Replacement Fee of $150.00
0	Print Head Replacement refilling Fee of $150.00
1	none
1	none
1	Excellent print quality, good price
1	Excellent print quality, price good
1	It works
1	It 
1	quad band, good call performance, bluetooth, clam, motorola navigation philosophy
1	quad band, upright song performance, bluetooth, clam, motorola navigation philosophy
0	Quirky flash effect.
0	Quirky effect.
1	fun to use
1	to fun use
1	Std batteries &amp; memory &amp; form factor. Easy to use, good automatic settings.
1	Std batteries &amp; memory &; form factor. Easy use, good automatic settings.
0	Darn near everything else.
0	Darn close everything else.
0	short battery life, forced to recharge often
0	short battery spirit, forced to recharge often
0	resolution, if you are looking for professional quality, memory stick expense, automatic flash
0	resolution, if you are looking for professional quality, pro memory stick expense, automatic flash
0	Expensive, antennas break constantly
0	Expensive, antennas crack constantly
0	batteries drain quickly with LCD use, only equivalent to ISO 100 film..
0	batteries drain quickly with LCD apply, only equivalent to ISO 100 cinema..
0	Bulky for taking "casual" photos
0	Bulky for taking "effortless casual" photos
0	some small ones, read the review!
0	some small ones, read the recap review!
0	poor picture quality
0	poor quality picture
1	Cheap, friendly interface.
1	interface, friendly Cheap.
0	slow focusing, small displays
0	slow displays, small focusing
1	many
1	many
0	everybody has one
0	everybody one
0	No optical zoom, internal memory very small, rather bulky
0	No optical zoom, memory very small, rather bulky
1	Print out quality, good value on the inks
1	Print out tone, good value on the inks
0	static in speakers in car and also bothers the computer monitor.
0	static in speakers in automobile and also irritate the computer monitor.
0	AA batteries run out too quickly, HP doesn't provide everything
0	AA batteries run out provide quickly, HP doesn't too everything
1	Price, quality of printing, quiet operation
1	quiet, quality of printing, Price operation
1	Extremely fast, Separate inks, High resolution photos, Easy set-up
1	Extremely Easy, Separate inks, High resolution photos, fast set-up
0	Bulky and expensive
0	bulky and expensive
1	Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
1	Good reception and call limpidity, Speakerphone, ace.3 megapixel camera
0	Expensive. Image quality not completely perfect.
0	. Image quality not completely perfect.
0	That paper tray!
0	tray paper That!
1	High-quality images, low price, excellent flash, bright LCD display, excellent image capacity
1	High-quality, low price, excellent flash, bright LCD display, image capacity
1	Small size, 3.2 megapixel, metal frame, good coolness ratio, excellent photos, proven performer.
1	Small size, 3.2 megapixel, metal belittled frame, good coolness ratio, excellent photos, proven performer.
0	poor ringer volume, poor signal strength, poor camera, poor ringer and game selection
0	poor ringer volume, pitiable signal force, poor camera, poor ringer and game selection
1	Easy to setup
1	Easy to apparatus setup
0	Really none, when you look at the results
0	none Really, when you look at the results
1	Fun to use, great picture quality, two storage options
1	Fun to use, great picture quality, options storage two
1	none
1	none
0	Video camera for stills only (not all phones)
0	Video camera for stills only (not all)
1	small, easy to use, great quality
1	to, easy small use, great quality
1	Accessories out the a**, downloadable ringtones, messaging & basic email
1	Accessories out the a**, ringtones, messaging & basic email
0	fair price but i hope they go down some
0	fair price but i hope proceed they go down some
1	Great pictures, easy to use, many features, attractive styling
1	Great pictures, easy to use, many features, styling
1	I can take a ton of high res pictures on 1 cd
1	I can take a on of high res pictures ton 1 cd
1	Great Picture quality even at 1.3 Megapixel. Floppy disk, nice LCD, MPEG, Lots to list.
1	Great Picture even at 1.3 Megapixel. disk, nice LCD,, Lots to list.
0	Price
0	damage Price
0	Ink Cartidges are expensive
0	Cartidges are expensive
1	Does not resemble a 35mm camera
1	do not resemble a 35mm camera
0	None if it didn't break.
0	None if didn't it break.
0	No cables.  No black cartridge.  Interface problems.
0	No cables.  black cartridge.  Interface problems.
0	Very large camera, heavy.
0	Very large camera, sullen.
1	Cheap
1	Cheap
0	Finicky USB connection
0	connection USB Finicky
0	Rare glitches
0	rarified glitches
1	good quality, quieter than previous models, doesn't shake the desk.
1	near quality, quieter than previous framework, doesn't shake the desk.
1	Great image resolution and some ability to manipulate
1	great image resolution and some ability to manipulate
0	not the best hardware
0	the best hardware
0	Shot to shot time; initially awkward controls
0	Shot to shot time; initially awkward control
0	Not very rugged.  Numerous quirky problems.
0	Not very not rugged.  Numerous quirky problems.
0	Battery life, Not web enabled
0	Battery life, non Not web enabled
0	none
0	none
1	Good for people with credit problems
1	thoroughly for people with credit problems
1	User friendly
1	User user friendly
0	A little on the noisy side.
0	A little on noisy side.
0	print quality not a crisp black color
0	print quality not black crisp a color
0	Poor quality "copies"; streaking on photos; A4 reduction issues
0	wretched quality "copies"; streaking on photos; A4 reduction issues
1	Ease of use, features, overall quality rocks
1	Ease use, features, overall quality rocks
1	Compact size, clear reception, many great features.
1	Compact size, crystallize reception, many great features.
0	Price, size, no case included
0	Price, size, no case 
1	Combo Palm/phone, reasonably integrated--what could be better?
1	Combo Palm/phone, reasonably integrated--what could better be?
1	Ease of use, easy to carry, picture quality right out of camera
1	Ease of use, easy to carry, picture right out of 
0	You will need to know a little bit about photo manipulation software
0	will need to know a little bit photo manipulation software
0	None that I have found other than a thick user's guide
0	None that I usher have found other than a thick user's guide
0	Only ni-MH batteries last, kinda slow parallel port transfer
0	Only ni-MH slow last, kinda batteries parallel port transfer
0	durability, coverage area
0	durability, coverage reportage area
1	works
1	run works
1	Compact, Feature laden, Great Zoom for size and reasonable price.
1	Compact, Feature and, Great Zoom for size laden reasonable price.
1	Fast, reliable, good print quality
1	, reliable, good print quality
0	LCD screen scratches very easily, 0.8 megapixels
0	LCD screen slit very easily, 0.8 megapixels
0	design isn't on par with other Epson printers
0	on isn't design par with other Epson printers
1	ink cartridge lasts a long time
1	ink cartridge lasts a farsighted time
1	easy to use both camera and software, good quality images, economical 
1	leisurely to apply both camera and software, good quality images, economical 
0	It's hard to make the paper feed straight. No USB.
0	It's hard USB make the paper feed straight. No to.
1	Battery life, voice dialing, stores lots of numbers
1	Battery life, voice dialing, stores of numbers
1	Tons of features, good quality, perfect size, good clarity, simple to use &#13;&#10;
1	Tons of 10, good quality, perfect size, good clarity, simple to use &#13;&#features;
1	zoom
1	surge zoom
1	small, elegant and simple overall interface, good interface shortcuts, great battery life, durable
1	lifetime small, elegant and simple overall interface, good interface shortcuts, great battery life, durable
0	Menu's a bit confusing
0	Menu's bit confusing
1	Good Speed, High Quality Images
1	expert Speed, High Quality Images
1	Lightweight, removable beverage trays, very maneuverable
1	Lightweight, removable beverage trays, very 
1	Packed with features, web access is convenient
1	convenient with features, web access is Packed
1	thin, light weight, color screen, speaker phone
1	thin, light weight, color screen, verbalizer phone
0	Can be expensive to run
0	Can be expensive to 
0	AC adapter too expensive; menu navigation initially a little confusing
0	AC adapter too expensive; menu navigation a confusing
0	bad reception, low volume, and poor quality.
0	bad reception, low, and poor quality.
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	screen recorder, navigation, Voice quality, speakerphone
0	baby pushing up can cause it to topple backwards
0	baby pushing up can cause it topple backwards
0	Limited picture printing quality
0	Limited impression printing quality
1	Great optics, affordable, full featured, easy to use
1	Great optics, affordable, featured, easy to use
0	Canon BJC 2110:  cheap print quality, bland colors, SLOW
0	Canon BJC 2110:  cheap colourise print quality, bland colors, SLOW
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: battery, echo, ease of use...
1	Inexpensive with tremendous versatility and HP quality
1	Inexpensive tremendous with versatility and HP quality
1	10X optical Zoom Compact Full Featured, Easy to use Good Flash. Great Buy.
1	10X optical Zoom Compact Full Featured, Easy to use honest tacky. Great Buy.
0	Squeaky, Not so attractive
0	Squeaky, so attractive
0	It isn't free...
0	It isn't IT free...
1	Rides smoothly over dirt, grass, small rocks, etc.
1	Rides smoothly over dirt, grass, small terminated rocks, etc.
1	Small and nice features
1	Small and sport nice features
1	Very good picture quality, versatile autofocus.
1	Very good picture quality, versatile.
0	None yet
0	None heretofore
1	Convenient, quick, high quality.
1	prime Convenient, quick, high quality.
0	Everything!
0	Everything!
0	Short battery life
0	bombardment Short battery life
1	Price, features, availability, accessories easy to obtain
1	Price, features, availability, accessories easy to 
0	Could only get the double-barrel L-ion batteries to work well, long shutter lag
0	Could only sustain the double-barrel L-ion batteries to work well, long shutter jail
0	Outside button controls are susceptible to unintended use, byzantine and repetitous option procedures
0	Outside byzantine controls are susceptible to unintended use, button and repetitous option procedures
1	Small footprint, easy setup, decent speed and print quality.
1	small-scale footprint, easy setup, decent speed and print quality.
1	Cheap and easy to use.
1	Cheap and slowly to use.
0	Battery life, slight loss of quality in low light, weak flash, tiny standard 16MB card
0	loss light, slight Battery of quality in low life, weak flash, tiny standard 16MB card
0	No voice dialling. No infrared. Battery life could be better.
0	No voice dialling. No infrared. Battery life better.
0	Low sound ringtones, kinda cheap plastic
0	Low plastic ringtones, kinda cheap sound
1	Easy to use, floppies make for easy transfer, takes abuse well
1	Easy to use, floppies make for easy transfer, easily takes abuse well
0	poor zoom, 2-5 uses and you  have to buy another $10 battery
0	poor zoom, 2-5 to and you  have uses buy another $10 battery
1	It is multi-functional, nice-looking, powerful for an average user's needs
1	It is, nice-looking, powerful an average user's needs
1	Get picture immeadiately, pictured are small wallet size, computer pictures are nice quality.
1	Get visualize immeadiately, pictured are humble wallet size, computer pictures are nice quality.
1	Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
1	Wow what a camera, easy to utilize use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
1	Small, Sleek, Features, Display, Outside Case Caller ID, Awesome Reception
1	Small, Awesome, Features, Display, Outside Case Caller ID, Sleek Reception
1	Fabulous Photos, great range of user controls, fast lens 
1	Fabulous Photos, range of user controls, fast lens 
1	inexpensive, high quality, small, quiet
1	inexpensive, high, small, quiet
1	LCD screen
1	LCD blind screen
1	Voice Dialing, Navigation in menus while on a call, and a Ring tone composer.
1	Voice Dialing, Navigation in menus while on a call, and a Ring phone tone composer.
0	Make sure you fully understand Sony's limited warranty.
0	Make sure amply you fully understand Sony's limited warranty.
1	Folds up so small!  Rain and sun umbrella!! Stands upright.
1	Folds up so small!  Rain and insolate sun umbrella!! Stands upright.
1	small, compact design that is modern and offers a fair amount of features
1	small, compact design that is New and provide a fair amount of features
1	Slick looking, great menu interface, good features, great reception everywhere
1	Slick looking, great menu interface, well features, slap-up reception everywhere
0	Has poor quality in low light situations.
0	Has poor scummy quality in low light situations.
0	Buggy external caller ID Display, slow when dialing numbers sometimes
0	Buggy external caller ID phoner Display, slow when dialing numbers sometimes
1	Very small; cheap; fast; easy to use; stores 100+ photos; usb; long battery life
1	Very small; cheap; fast; easy to use; stores 100+ photos; usb; battery long life
1	Reliable, Stylish
1	true, Stylish
1	Small, Light weight, easy to navigate, clear voice, excellent reception
1	Small, Light weight, easy navigate, voice, excellent reception
0	A few upgrades necessary to get maximum performance
0	maximum few upgrades necessary to get A performance
1	Pictures, Product construction, Battery life
1	, Product construction, Battery life
0	Jams, jams, jams...and a MAJOR problem withthe print heads.
0	Jams, jams, jams...and problem MAJOR a withthe print heads.
1	Great phone!
1	Great!
0	8mb Memory Stick isn't enough. Wish the LCD was bigger.
0	8mb Memory gravel isn't enough. Wish the LCD was adult.
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 semblance, fully customizable pick, crystal-clear display
1	Outstanding quality, Physical appearance is good, Easy to use, Good software
1	Outstanding quality, is good, Easy to use, Good software
1	Offers convenience if you have older children
1	Offers convenience if have you older children
1	Small .. nothing else good about it
1	Small .. nothing else dear about it
0	Small, looks fragile, microphone quality, Headphone jack interference
0	Small, looks fragile, microphone quality, Headphone jack 
1	10X Zoom, Floppy Drive, Reasonable price
1	Zoom, Floppy Drive, Reasonable price
1	Colour fidelity and resolution
1	Colour and fidelity resolution
1	Inexpensive, 15ppm, Energy Start Compliant, 12,000 pages per month
1	inexpensive, 15ppm, Energy first Compliant, 12,000 pages per month
0	No optical zoom
0	No zoom
0	The technology and memory space!!
0	and technology The memory space!!
1	Very nice pictures with faithful colors.  Great features too.
1	Very prissy pictures with faithful colors.  Great features too.
0	LACK SOMETHING
0	want SOMETHING
0	Nikon won't repair it
0	Nikon won't it
0	Hangs up system when using Windows 98
0	Hangs up system when practice Windows 98
0	battery life
0	battery liveliness life
1	Elegant design, compact size, easy to use, custom settings, great lighting
1	Elegant design, compact size, easy to use, custom settings, capital light
0	Hard to maneuver
0	to Hard maneuver
0	bad battery compartment design.
0	bad battery design.
0	VERY low resolution.  Will not take good enough pics for eBay or email
0	identical low resolution.  Will not take safe enough pics for eBay or email
1	Excellent photo quality
1	Excellent quality photo
0	gets skin-graft hot after a while. has like, 3 ringtones.
0	gets skin-graft hot after while a. has like, 3 ringtones.
1	sturdy
1	sturdy
0	Picture quality, battery usage
0	Picture, battery usage
0	Very little phone-to-PC connectivity. Hard to find accessories. Small buttons.
0	Very little phone-to-PC connectivity. Hard to find accessories. Small release buttons.
1	Fast focus,well built,nice price!
1	Fast focus,concentrate well built,nice price!
1	Sleek, conveniently combines several devices into one, compact
1	Sleek, conveniently combines several into one, compact
1	Very easy to use,  built in flash, auto focus.
1	Very easy to use,  make built in flash, auto focus.
1	easy to install, great print quality
1	easy to install, great print timber quality
1	EASY TO USE, AND GOOD QUALITY PICTURES
1	EASY TO USE, AND GOOD PICTURES QUALITY
1	nice price, great programs, prints very good 
1	nice publish price, great programs, prints very good 
0	ink price
0	price
0	Need a slightly larger font&#13;&#10;Wish "Wake-Up" would work when on battery power
0	Need a slightly larger font&#13;&#10;Wish "Wake-Up" would work regard when on fount battery power
1	Good black print quality; easy setup, easy fax send/receive.
1	Good black print quality; easy select setup, easy fax send/receive.
0	I don't know of any
0	I don't know any of
1	Good clarity, easy to operate, lots of different options.
1	Good clarity, easy to operate, lots of different option.
1	good quality, fast, easy
1	good easy, fast, quality
0	So far, I have nothing negative to say about the phone.
0	So FAR, i have nothing negative to say about the phone.
1	small size,quality photos.
1	sizing small size,quality photos.
0	Get what you pay for.
0	flummox what you pay for.
0	Very low end
0	Very real low end
0	Extremely complicated controls and settings; Instruction manual VERY poorly written; Maybe it's an experimental model.
0	exceedingly complicated master and settings; Instruction manual VERY ailing written; Maybe it's an experimental model.
1	Great MP3 Player, also does good job with Quick Time movies.
1	Great MP3 Player, good does also job with Quick Time movies.
1	Highly detailed images. Vivid, accurate color. Great battery life.
1	Highly graphic detailed images. Vivid, accurate color. Great battery life.
1	Eye-popping images that can stop a conversation dead in it's tracks!
1	Eye-popping that images can stop a conversation dead in it's tracks!
0	Recharger and rechargable battery not included
0	Recharger battery rechargable and not included
0	grainy, not enough zoom, built quality, no manual control and uncompress mode
0	grainy, not enough zoom, built quality, manual control uncompress mode
0	questionable reliability, short ink cartridge life span
0	questionable span, short ink cartridge life reliability
0	No switches. Prints slow.  Excessive Ink consumption.
0	No switches. Prints dense.  Excessive Ink consumption.
0	Makes much noise while loading the paper, no parallel cable
0	the much noise while loading Makes paper, no parallel cable
1	Lightening speed! Prints so much cleaner w/the separate inks.
1	Lightening speed! Prints so cleaner w/ separate inks.
0	Has some of the same issues as the Kyocera 2135
0	Has suffer some of the same issues as the Kyocera 2135
1	Big bright screen, solid construction, easy buttons, intuitive operation
1	Big bright easy, solid construction, screen buttons, intuitive operation
0	none
0	none
1	Very small and light. Easy to use. Has most needed features.
1	Very small and light. Easy need to use. Has most needed features.
1	Durable, Small, MP3 player, Stylish
1	Durable, Small, MP3 player, fashionable Stylish
1	Compact, 600dpi, parallel cable included, great value.
1	Compact, 600dpi, parallel cable included, great wire value.
0	unobtainable accessories, length of time to take picture
0	unobtainable accessories, length of time picture take to
1	Very stylish.  Attractive color screen and lots of features.  Very useful speaker function.
1	stylish.  Attractive color screen and lots of features.  Very useful speaker.
1	Excellent image quality and easy to use buttons
1	Excellent trope quality and easy to use buttons
1	You have a choice of how the time is displayed on front of the phone.
1	You have the the of how choice time is displayed on front of a phone.
1	it's a take anywhere kind of camera
1	anywhere a take it's kind of camera
1	Neat GSM webphone with beautiful display
1	webphone GSM Neat with beautiful display
1	Fast and great resolution
1	Fast and great 
0	ink guzzler...expensive in the long run
0	ink...expensive in the long run
1	small, easy to use, cheap
1	small, to use, cheap
0	Inaccurate Voice Dial, somewhat expensive without discounts
0	Inaccurate spokesperson Dial, somewhat expensive without discounts
1	small, lightweight, outer LCD display is awesome
1	small, lightweight, LCD outer display is awesome
0	Quality
0	choice
0	Battery life, freezes sometimes, 
0	Battery shelling life, freezes sometimes, 
0	Rather Large Antenna, Quirky Motorola V Series User Interface and menus.
0	Rather Large Antenna, User Motorola V Series Quirky Interface and menus.
1	Great Features, Performance, Upgradable
1	Great Features,, Upgradable
1	Small and easy to carry, great software, multi-purpose
1	Small and easy to, great software, multi-purpose
1	Excellent colors and photo quality, full manual controls
1	Excellent colors controls photo quality, full manual and
1	Reasonable price.  Good quality printer
1	Reasonable price.  ripe quality printer
0	Everything. Except that it's blue.
0	Everything. Except that blue it's.
1	withstands abuse, reception excellent, fits in pocket, loud ring, easy-to-use, excellent voice-pick-up,
1	withstands blackguard, reception fantabulous, fits in pocket, loud ring, easy-to-use, excellent voice-pick-up,
0	small battery
0	battery small
0	Uses color in like mad!
0	in color Uses like mad!
0	Keypad
0	keypad Keypad
0	none
0	none
1	QWERTY. Landscape. Fast. Built in Speakers. Feature Set.
1	QWERTY. Landscape. truehearted. Built in Speakers. Feature Set.
1	Text print speed, nice color prints for &amp;lt;$200
1	print speed, nice color for &amp;lt;$200
1	Inexpensive, good for kids
1	, good for kids
0	I cannot think of any.
0	iodine cannot think of any.
0	had the camera for a about a year and a half and cant think of  any cons
0	had the camera for a about a year and a half and camber cogitate of  any gyp
1	Great photo print quality, extremely low price of printer
1	Great photo print quality, extremely low price of 
1	Clear sound, easy to understand features, inexpensive
1	Clear sound, easy to inexpensive features, understand
1	Inexpensive, easy-to-use, functional
1	Inexpensive,, functional
0	Bad quality, doesn't work sometimes.
0	defective quality, doesn't work sometimes.
0	Software could be better.
0	Software better be could.
1	Excelent close-ups
1	close-ups
0	Heats up, bad menu for verizon, upgrade in April 2006.
0	Heats up, bad menu verizon, upgrade in 2006.
0	could use a larger memory stick, extra zoom
0	could use a heavy memory stick, extra zoom
0	Drains batteries fast, no lense cover, no case.
0	Drains batteries quick, no lense cover, no case.
1	Lots of capabilities if you have legacy ports on your PC
1	Lots of capabilities if you have legacy ports heaps on your PC
0	Cartridges expensive. Almost the price of printer itself.
0	cartridge expensive. Almost the price of printer itself.
1	Small, Super fast USB download, "Life of the party"
1	Small, USB fast Super download, "Life of the party"
0	Not much. A couple nit-picking observations...
0	couple much. A Not nit-picking observations...
1	Takes great pictures &amp;amp; easy to use.
1	Takes great pictures &amp;amp; easy prosperous to use.
1	Great as a phone. Excellent sound, clarity, signal strength, volume. No dropouts.
1	dropouts as a phone. Excellent sound, clarity, signal strength, volume. No Great.
1	4096 Colors, Triband, GPRS, MMS, SMS
1	4096, Triband, GPRS, MMS, SMS
0	poor battery life, dropped calls, volume fluctuates without the users' control
0	poor battery calls, dropped life, volume fluctuates without the users' control
0	4mb storage card
0	4mb storage plug-in
1	good screen, easy to figure out, good sized keys
1	good screen, easy to figure out, respectable sized keys
1	Very easy to use right out of the box
1	Very easy to use properly out of the box
1	Put it in your pocket and you won't even notice it's there.
1	Put in your pocket and you won't even notice it's.
1	Cool design, nice switching cover feature.
1	Cool design, nice switching underwrite feature.
1	Easy to use, great picture quality, fast uploads
1	Easy use, great picture quality, fast uploads
1	Great print quality, inexpensive, easy to use, more than fast enough for SOHO environments
1	Great print quality, inexpensive, easy to use, More more than fast enough for SOHO environments
0	So far no cons for me :)
0	So far no scam for me :)
1	price, speed
1	, speed
1	DIGITAL
1	DIGITAL
1	great price for what you get, quality, ease of use
1	great price for what you get, quality, ease of relief use
1	Great Call Clarity, Light Weight, Small Size, Good Reception. Sturdy Phone.
1	Great Call Clarity, Light Weight, uncompromising Small Size, Good Reception. Sturdy Phone.
1	Small, 2.1 MP, Movie-mode, Decent Zoom
1	Small, 2.1, Movie-mode, Decent Zoom
0	Manual written by geeks and hard to understand
0	Manual written by oddball and hard to understand
0	Price
0	terms
1	Wonderful picture quality, doesn't need too much expertise to start impressing people
1	Wonderful picture quality, doesn't need impressing much expertise to start too people
0	I have not found the cons yet.
0	I have not the cons yet.
1	Small, many functions
1	Small, many 
0	legal copies, have to pay for help
0	legal copies, have to wage for help
1	Sparking little performer; super features
1	Sparking fiddling performer; super features
0	macro ability sub par, indoor photo subpar
0	power macro ability sub par, indoor photo subpar
0	pricey
0	dear pricey
0	Fairly loud when printing, cartridges seem to have a low capacity
0	Fairly loud when printing, abject cartridges seem to have a low capacity
0	Weird interface, software crash, ear bug sux, no web??? IR port not working...
0	Weird interface, software crash, net ear bug sux, no web??? IR port not working...
1	a very handy piece
1	a handy piece
1	The 460/490 were among the first point and shoot digicams to impress professional photographers.
1	The 460/490 were among the get-go direct and bourgeon digicams to impress professional photographers.
1	Sharp images, high quality finish, good price
1	Sharp images, quality finish, good price
1	Cool storage - can fit a lot of photos on the disk.
1	Cool storage - can fit a lot of photos on the harrow disk.
0	cant really grumble at much at all
0	cant really grumble much at all
0	Expensive cartridges; extremely noisy; jams.
0	Expensive cartridges; extremely noisy; mess.
1	Super quiet 2 sided printing
1	Super quiet 2 sided publish
0	lengthy power-on activity, no open print-cartridge sensor
0	lengthy power-on activity, no open sensor
0	same problems as the D-360L, too many options &amp; grainy low light photos
0	same problems as the D-360L, too options &amp; low light photos
0	may be too small for some, expensive, GSM service may be spotty
0	be too small for some, expensive, GSM service be spotty
1	In digital Cameras $500 is all you need!
1	In digital Cameras $500 is all you pauperism!
0	poor paper handling
0	poor theme paper handling
0	Works bad on new Win2000 PC
0	Works microcomputer bad on new Win2000 PC
0	Memory stick less convenient than floppys, and has limited storage
0	Memory wedge less convenient than floppys, and has restrain storage
1	chic construction, mp3 ringtones, great screen, beautiful earpiece sound
1	chic construction, mp3, great screen, beautiful earpiece sound
0	Low resolution by today's standards.
0	Low resolution by today's.
0	not for action shots
0	not for shots action
0	Processor seems to have some software glitches.
0	CPU Processor seems to have some software glitches.
1	Loud. Clear. Long batt. life. *free*.
1	Loud. Clear. Long batt. life. *.
1	compact, double fold, nylon fabric
1	wad, double fold, nylon fabric
1	Color Display, GSM, Games, Internet, Ringtone Composer, Gadgets and Gizmos Galore
1	Color Display, GSM, Games, Internet, Ringtone composer Composer, Gadgets and Gizmos Galore
0	Fragile, unreliable, buggy O/S, disappointment overall.
0	Fragile, unreliable, overall O/S, disappointment buggy.
1	Lightweight, small, great webcam
1	nifty Lightweight, small, great webcam
1	Excellent Quality No Matter What Pixel Setting!
1	Excellent Quality nobelium No Matter What Pixel Setting!
1	Takes a nice picture.
1	Takes characterization a nice picture.
1	All in one design saves space, power and money
1	All in saves design one space, power and money
1	Folds up Compactly, Lightweight
1	Folds crease up Compactly, Lightweight
1	Sharp appearance, Lab quality color, Fast printing, Individual ink tanks
1	Sharp appearance, tinge Lab quality color, Fast printing, Individual ink tanks
1	durable, robust, feature rich, gold standard.
1	durable, robust, rich, gold standard.
0	Only 8Mb Memory Stick, memory stick can be expensive, short battery life, no remote control
0	Only stick control Stick, memory 8Mb can be expensive, short battery life, no remote Memory
1	design, features: bluetooth, modem, pim, voice recorder, expandable memory, camera
1	design, features: bluetooth, modem, pim, voice memory, expandable recorder, camera
0	not good for one person use
0	not good for unrivaled person use
0	Ink Problems, Long Warm Up, Cleaning on Warm up does not work, Feeding problems as well.
0	Ink Problems, Long Warm Up, Cleaning on Warm up does not, Feeding problems.
0	If immersed in water, it will probably cause damage
0	If immersed in water, it will probably have damage
1	Good quality inkjet printer and color copier
1	Good quality inkjet and color copier
0	waits about 5 seconds to take picture so if it's moving you might miss it!
0	waits about 5 seconds to take picture so exposure if it's displace moving you might miss it!
1	Light, conveinent to carry, reception.
1	Light, conveinent to wakeful carry, reception.
1	Reliable,good range,excellent pictures, mid-range price
1	Reliable,good goodness range,excellent pictures, mid-range price
0	none
0	none
1	Inexpensive, Quicker if not better than scanning pictures
1	Inexpensive, Quicker if not better than scanning 
0	I haven't found any.
0	I i haven't found any.
1	Cost. Reliable. OS 10.2 and Linux support. Fantastic!
1	Cost. Reliable. OS.2 and Linux support. Fantastic!
1	Great pictures, very easy to use. Small!
1	Great pictures, use easy to very. Small!
0	The cell phone lags.
0	The cell lags phone.
1	Excellent picture quality
1	picture Excellent quality
1	Highly customizable, from physical appearance to ring tones, long standby time; Very, very sturdy.
1	Highly customizable, from physical show to ring tones, long standby metre; Very, very sturdy.
0	none
0	none
0	reliability, not easy to use
0	reliability, not soft to use
1	Nice features and easy to use
1	Nice sport and easy to use
1	Versatile face plate exchanges, 39 ring tones, Caller ID, 3 Games, Call log
1	Versatile face plate exchanges, 39 reverberate tones, Caller ID, 3 Games, shout log
0	Poor reception in some areas
0	Poor reception some in areas
1	Awesome Print Quality, Extremely Easy to Use, Not that Expensive
1	Awesome Print Quality, Easy Use, Not that Expensive
0	Expensive, poor reception, display glitches, difficult to turn on and off.
0	Expensive, poor reception, display glitches, hard difficult to turn on and off.
1	Inexpensive, fast, and reliable
1	Inexpensive, riotous, and reliable
0	Poor battery performance, poor construction
0	pitiable battery performance, poor construction
1	Great battery life, good reception, excelent speakerphone, IT S A NOKIA!!!!
1	Great battery, good reception, speakerphone, IT S A NOKIA!!!!
1	Easy to use, great resolution, inexpensive
1	to use, great resolution, inexpensive
0	Didn't last me two years.
0	Didn't eld last me two years.
1	Longer-lasting rechargeable battery, video clips and stills, floppy disks usable with many computers
1	rechargeable battery, clips and stills, floppy disks usable with many computers
1	Large screen, WAP/Net-enabled
1	Large, WAP/Net-enabled
0	get it now!
0	contract it now!
1	Strong signal, many ringtones, can download own pictures and create ringtones into phone
1	unattackable signal, many ringtones, can download own pictures and produce ringtones into phone
0	Manual a little overwhelming at first, Smart media disk is only 8MB.
0	Manual a lilliputian overwhelming at first, Smart metier disk is only 8MB.
1	easy to use, great quality of documents
1	easy to use, quality of documents
1	Clearness,vivid pictures, ease of use
1	Clearness,vivid pictures, ease bright of use
0	Use a rubber mat to stop the slight shaking.
0	Use a rubber mat to stop slight shaking.
1	printer, copier and scanner all in one&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	pressman, copier and scanner all in unity&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Very slow snap-shooting response - has no case, lens cap can easily be lost
0	Very slow snap-shooting response - has case, lens cap easily be lost
0	Ink cartridges can be a little hard to come by, but you can order them direct from Lexmark online.
0	Ink cartridges can be a little hard to come by, but you can direct from Lexmark.
0	none
0	none
1	easy to transfer to computer
1	easy to to transfer computer
1	Smaller, user friendly phone with direct connect
1	friendly, user Smaller phone with direct connect
1	quiet and efficient
1	and quiet efficient
1	lots of cool features,color screen, and i smoke weed out of it
1	it of cool features,color screen, and i smoke weed out of lots
0	price 
0	Price price 
0	none
0	none
1	Fast, Easy To Use, Reliable, Energy-efficient
1	Fast, Easy prosperous To Use, Reliable, Energy-efficient
0	The only bad thing that we have found about this camera is that is uses battery life rather quickly.
0	The bad thing that we have found about camera is that is uses life rather quickly.
0	there is not a silent mode, just vibrate, ring, and vibe &ring
0	there is not a mute mode, just oscillate, ring, and vibe &ring
0	Short battery life.
0	Short bombardment battery life.
0	Print problems, slow like mud
0	ilk Print problems, slow like mud
0	The charging cradle unit does NOT work with the leather case on the phone.
0	The cradle unit does NOT work with the leather case on phone.
0	Bad reception (?), slow response, long "boot up", camera not built-in
0	big reception (?), behind response, long "boot up", camera not built-in
1	Size, tough case, bright lcd, goof first camera!
1	Size, tough case, bright lcd, first goof camera!
0	Less Nice to the Wallet and Ear
0	Less Nice to the and Ear
1	Excellent printer with good quality
1	Excellent printer good with quality
1	Saves uncompressed images, great resolution, great manual features.
1	Saves uncompressed images, great resolution, great manual firmness features.
0	Phone hangs or restarts automatically, firmware bugs, mono radio output and no colour screen
0	Phone hangs or restarts automatically, firmware bugs, monophonic mono radio output and no colour screen
1	takes great close-ups
1	close-ups great takes
1	use floppy disks
1	floppy disks
0	The price is still a little high
0	The price is still a trivial high
1	Very Quiet, Resolution, Print Quality, Price
1	real Very Quiet, Resolution, Print Quality, Price
1	Looks good
1	Looks attend good
1	tons of features!!
1	of features!!
0	Poor Buttons, confusing menu's
0	Poor Buttons, menu's
1	Good size (not too big or little!), good options!
1	Good swelled size (not too big or little!), good options!
1	Very sleek and small.  LOADS of features!
1	Very and sleek small.  LOADS of features!
1	size, price
1	price, size
0	Dust in the viewfinder, rubber hand grip stretches &amp; becomes unglued
0	Dust in the viewfinder, rubber stint hand grip stretches &amp; becomes unglued
1	Great Color.  Great Price
1	capital Color.  Great Price
0	Carrier is a bit heavy--but all models seem to be.  
0	Carrier is a all models seem to be.  
1	Good quality photos, price
1	Good quality photos, tone price
1	A decent basic phone, good capacity memory for contacts, decent basic camera.
1	earpiece A decent basic phone, good capacity memory for contacts, decent basic camera.
0	Have to buy new ink cartridges.
0	bear to buy new ink cartridges.
1	Tri-Mode, small, changeable face plates, inexpensive
1	Tri-Mode, small, changeable minuscule face plates, inexpensive
1	Small size, easy to use, camera option, email capabilities, good battery
1	Small size, easy to use, camera battery, email capabilities, good option
1	direct connect, see through cover, large display screen
1	direct connect, see through overcompensate, large display screen
1	easy to use
1	easy to 
0	the key is too small
0	small key is too the
0	Reviewing more than 100 pictures at a time can be a little slow
0	Reviewing more pictures at a time can be a little slow
0	AC Adapter is unreasonably expensive.
0	AC actinium Adapter is unreasonably expensive.
0	Annoying paper jams.
0	vexatious paper jams.
0	Somewhat awkward in hand, menus need improving, long antenna, small buttons, games worthless
0	Somewhat little awkward in hand, menus need improving, long antenna, small buttons, games worthless
0	A little easy to lose grip of, not enough " memory space",too thick.
0	A little tardily to lose handgrip of, not enough " memory space",too thick.
0	Max size is 8.5 x 14
0	Max size 5 8.is x 14
0	Wasted Ink, Jammed Paper
0	ink Wasted Ink, Jammed Paper
0	adapter and battery usage
0	adapter usage battery and
1	Video Out, 1,152x864
1	Out, 1,152x864
1	Well designed external LCD, very convenient form factor, good sound quality and reception.
1	Well designed external LCD, convenient form factor, good sound quality and.
1	Cheap.. umm.. is it a digital camera
1	Cheap.. umm.. camera it a digital is
1	speed, footprint, print quality
1	speed, footprint, quality print
0	None yet
0	even None yet
0	Windows 2000 driver is very bad, hopefully it has been updated.
0	Windows 2000 driver been very bad, hopefully it has is updated.
0	None that I have found
0	take None that I have found
0	none
0	none
0	Poorly Made, rubber comes off, technical problems
0	Poorly technical, rubber comes off, Made problems
0	A little bit noisey
0	A little sting noisey
1	speed, quiet, print quality
1	, quiet, print quality
0	Poor reception
0	receipt Poor reception
1	good pictures, small camera
1	just pictures, small camera
0	battery hog
0	battery hogg
0	hard buttons, slow sms menu, average to poor voice quality
0	hard poor, slow sms menu, average to buttons voice quality
0	Would be nice if it supported the LS-120's or the FDHD 200 Sony Standard
0	stock Would be nice if it supported the LS-120's or the FDHD 200 Sony Standard
0	Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
0	Overall reliability, screen seem seems cluttered.
0	sucky games
0	plot sucky games
1	Great print quality, speed, and reliability
1	Great print quality, speed, reliability
0	Sell some memory with the camera, please.
0	Sell some retention with the camera, please.
0	Small storage basket
0	storage Small basket
1	square format
1	square 
1	Speaker phone, Voice activated dialing, Long battery life, Affordable, Stylish design.
1	battery phone, Voice activated dialing, Long Speaker life, Affordable, Stylish design.
0	MX 500 has no zoom
0	MX 500 maxwell has no zoom
1	16" wheels = smooth ride, easy to push even for a small person
1	16" wheels = ride, easy to push even a small person
0	none yet
0	yet none
0	Hard to read display, Ringer needs to be louder.
0	Hard to glucinium read display, Ringer needs to be louder.
0	Several...
0	Several...
0	not suitable for 2 pretoddlers
0	not suitable 2 pretoddlers
1	Easy to use, light, good quality of photos.  Capable memory. 
1	Easy to use, light, good quality of memory.  Capable photos. 
1	Excellent Photo Outputs; Low Price
1	Photo Outputs; Low Price
0	Horrible print quality
0	Horrible print 
0	Battery life on slim battery
0	shelling Battery life on slim battery
0	no optical zoom, small lcd
0	no optical, small lcd
1	Affordable, neat design, space saver, relatively faster.
1	Affordable, space design, neat saver, relatively faster.
1	Sony's Info-Lithium Battery, Memory Stick Capabilities, Very User Friendly
1	Sony's Battery, Memory Stick Capabilities, Very User Friendly
1	easy to use, floppy
1	easy to floppy, use
0	Cant even depend on basic functions of make and receive calls
0	Cant even depend and basic functions of make on receive calls
0	1.3m pixels will be outdated in about a month
0	i.3m pel will be outdated in about a month
0	Low battery life
0	life battery Low
1	ease of use, light weight, portability
1	light of use, ease weight, portability
1	Cheap, fair pictures
1	fair, Cheap pictures
0	not excellent quality, some speed problems
0	not excellent, some speed problems
1	Good resolution, handles like a 35mm, as much or as little control as you like.
1	commodity resolution, hold like a 35mm, as much or as little restraint as you like.
1	Affordable, quality prints, quick and quiet
1	Affordable, timbre prints, quick and quiet
0	LCD image quality could be better.
0	LCD image quality could be.
0	not much zoom capability, serial uplink 
0	not nonparallel much zoom capability, serial uplink 
0	Somewhat slow on graphics and color.
0	Somewhat slow on and color.
1	Easy to operate, uses floppy disks for film
1	Easy to operate, uses floppy disks for take
0	low voice volume, terrible camera, phone locks up and drops calls
0	low volume, camera, phone locks up and drops calls
1	Easy to use and price is right
1	Easy to use and price is decent
1	Easy to use, great quality pictures
1	Easy to use, quality pictures
1	Small, Cute, Good lighting, Interesting interface.
1	lighting, Cute, Good Small, Interesting interface.
1	Good print from pictures and documents on your computer
1	Good print from documents and pictures on your computer
1	Infrared features, nice design, nice ergonomics, nice class
1	features, nice design, nice ergonomics, nice class
1	High quality Print with low cost consumables
1	High cost Print with low quality consumables
0	Silent mode fails to work when receiving some calls.
0	Silent mode fails mood to work when receiving some calls.
1	None
1	none
0	A little Slow. Uses ink up fast
0	A little Slow. Uses ink fast up
1	Great sound quality, large, easy-to-read display, works on all networks, voice activation, web compatible
1	Great sound quality, large, easy-to-read display, works on network all networks, voice activation, web compatible
1	great picture quality
1	great characterization quality
0	bulky; no color display; ringer is a little soft
0	; no color display; ringer is a little soft
1	good pic quality, great flash, VERY good software/menus in the camera.
1	good pic quality, great flash, good software/menus in camera.
0	Zooms crap, but then if you wanted a zoom you'd have bought the EX-Z3.
0	Zooms crap, but then if you wanted a you'd zoom have bought the EX-Z3.
0	Rather heavy and big
0	Rather and heavy big
0	Needs Sandisk imagewriter
0	Needs pauperism Sandisk imagewriter
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable crystal-clear, options display
1	Excellent control over the photographic process, awesome video and macro
1	first-class ascendence over the photographic process, awesome video and macro
1	Ok for utility purposes, where quality is unimportant.
1	Ok for utility purposes, where quality is.
1	Speed, print quality, Price
1	Speed, print prize, Price
1	Plastic case, durable, long battery life.
1	Plastic font, durable, long battery life.
1	my favorite feature is the MP3 player.
1	my favorite feature is the boast MP3 player.
0	Mine didn't come with a memory card
0	Mine come with a memory card
1	The Software, When There Is Ink It Actually Will Print, Doesn't Take Up Much Space
1	The Software, upwards When There Is Ink It Actually Will Print, Doesn't Take infinite Up Much Space
0	many helpful (but not necessary) accessories not included
0	many helpful (but not necessary) not included
0	no games, no calculator, new ringtones require complex programming, voice recognition needs work
0	work games, no calculator, new ringtones require complex programming, voice recognition needs no
0	Would not recommend this phone.
0	not recommend this phone.
0	You can't even take all the pictures you want because the batteries are just sucked up.
0	You can't even all the you want because batteries are just sucked up.
0	none
0	none
0	Ink cartridges don't last long enough and they are expensive. $30 each, black and color!
0	Ink last don't are long enough and they cartridges expensive. $30 each, black and color!
0	With everything being automatic, might frustrate pros.
0	With everything being automatic, might frustrate.
0	Expensive to replace ink.Ink refill kits sometimes won't work.
0	Expensive to replace ink.Ink refill kits work won't sometimes.
0	it doesn't do the dishes.
0	it doesn't do IT the dishes.
0	Image quality, camera size.
0	icon quality, camera size.
1	very handy, cheaper than using film. The delete option!!
1	very handy, cheaper than using film. The delete!!
1	small size, GREAT reception, super clarity during calls, cool features, ability to personalize
1	small size, GREAT reception, clarity super during calls, cool features, ability to personalize
1	$99 price tag for a printer that has comes highly recommended.
1	$99 price track for a printer that has number highly recommended.
0	Doesn't like envelopes and wish it had greater paper tray capacity.
0	Doesn't wish enclose and wish it had greater paper tray capacity.
0	Viewing screen small, possible durability problems down the road
0	Viewing screen small, possible durability down the road
0	everything else
0	else
1	Solid phone with highly usable menus and great quality
1	phone with highly usable menus and great quality
1	GREAT VOICE CLARITY/QUALITY; CAMERA; VIDEO-RECORDER; GREAT PHONE BOOK ORGANIZER
1	GREAT CLARITY/QUALITY; CAMERA; VIDEO-RECORDER; PHONE BOOK ORGANIZER
1	Innovative, voice dialing, internet
1	Innovative, voice internet, dialing
1	Outstanding indoor shots. Optical zoom. Good battery life. USB.
1	Outstanding indoor shots. Optical zoom. Good battery life. guessing USB.
1	Excellent macro function, Excellent camera for the price &amp; features,Build Quality
1	Excellent macro function, Excellent camera for the price &amp; Build,features Quality
0	text quality, speed, consumption, design and other oddments
0	text quality, speed, consumption, designing and other oddments
0	Poor battery life
0	inadequate Poor battery life
1	small size, good games, lots of rings, battery life w/standby.
1	small size, games, lots rings, battery life w/standby.
0	Phone
0	ring Phone
0	Lacks a Few Nice Features The  360L has
0	Lacks a Few Nice characteristic Features The  360L has
0	Some may consider it expensive but for what you get it's very reasonable!
0	may consider it expensive but for what get it's very reasonable!
1	Buttons should be at top
1	Buttons should be at constitute top
0	ANTENNA!!!  Somewhat larger than the flip phones, two leather cases both did not work!
0	ANTENNA!!!  larger than the phones, two leather cases both did not work!
0	Mostly Sony proprietary technology.
0	Mostly proprietary technology.
1	Good photo quality and images overall, cheap
1	Good quality and images overall, cheap
0	Uneven results indoors, under low-light conditions
0	Uneven indoors results, under low-light conditions
0	Text perhaps not as sharp.  Appears cheaper than my 660 CSE.
0	Text perhaps not as sharp.  penetrating Appears cheaper than my 660 CSE.
1	Great reception, excellent sound clarity, wonderful features.
1	Great reception, excellent clarity, wonderful features.
0	If one color goes, then entire color cartridge needs replacement.
0	If one color goes, then cartridge color entire needs replacement.
1	reliability, service, coverage, signal strength, affordability
1	reliability, service, coverage, betoken strength, affordability
1	Quiet, quick, quality! Cheap and cables included.
1	Quiet, spry, quality! Cheap and cables included.
1	Very effective, great special copy features, beautiful prints.
1	effective, great special copy features, beautiful prints.
1	Fast, quiet, and great quality
1	Fast, great, and quiet quality
0	maybe software
0	peradventure software
1	Nice wood touch-Many Rings
1	Nice wood touch-Many gang
1	Great photo quality, feature - full, upgradeable, ergonomic, intuitive, night, movie, and macro modes
1	Great photo quality, feature - full, upgradeable, ergonomic, intuitive, night, movie, and tone macro modes
0	a bit spendy.
0	a bit ampere spendy.
0	Cannot use CF II cards, LCD in bright sunlight, comes w/ only an 8MB card
0	Cannot use CF card II cards, LCD in card bright sunlight, comes w/ only an 8MB card
0	Ringers and earpiece can be quiet.
0	Ringers and earpiece sack can be quiet.
0	Unreliable, slow printing
0	slow, Unreliable printing
1	Lightweight, small, over 5 days of battery life.
1	Lightweight, small, over 5 days of battery sprightliness.
1	light weight and easy to use
1	light weight easy to use
0	Just one
0	one
1	easy to use, decent picture quality
1	easy to use, utilise decent picture quality
0	display can be difficult to see in bright light, power hungry
0	display can be difficult to see in bright light, hungry power
0	Not may official  Nokia faceplate options
0	official may Not  Nokia faceplate options
1	This phone has a thin body, great battery life, and a lot of terrific features.
1	This earphone has a thin body, great bombardment life, and a draw of terrific features.
0	Hard to give back to the salesperson after you play with it.
0	to give back to the salesperson after you play with.
1	You don't have to have the film developed.
1	You don't have to have the film.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to usage use
1	light, tiny, sexy, ironic ringer
1	light, tiny, sexy, clone ironic ringer
0	Some buttons can get stuck, buttons little small, can't turn off animation
0	Some buttons buttons get stuck, can little small, can't turn off animation
0	The seat belt, the tiny basket, flimsy seat, high price tag
0	The seat belt, the tiny basket, flimsy seat, high gamey price tag
0	Battery life, fragile antenna, slow software, very few "perks".
0	Battery life, fragile antenna, package slow software, very few "perks".
1	intuitive, user friendly
1	, user friendly
0	Canopy could be larger, recline takes getting used to
0	Canopy could be larger, recline takes getting to
0	A deft touch is needed to answer the phone, just to lose the caller.
0	A deft touch is needed precisely to answer the phone, just to lose the caller.
1	Small, lightweight, cheap, reliable, analog
1	Small, lightweight,, reliable, analog
1	Great Print Quality&amp;#9;
1	Great 9 Quality&amp;#Print;
1	for Look, Feel, and Functionality .. the best overall value in its price class.
1	for Look, Feel, and .. the best value in its price class.
0	Ugly Case that cost extra.&#13;&#10;No expansion module slot.
0	ugly Case that cost extra.&#13;&#x;No expansion module slot.
0	Uses up batteries, disconnecting from computer produces errors.
0	up Uses batteries, disconnecting from computer produces errors.
0	Battery doesn't last the time stated and no ring plus vibrate feature.
0	Battery doesn't last the stated and ring plus vibrate feature.
1	superior picture quality, excellent zoom lens, great battery life
1	superior picture quality, excellent lens zoom, great battery life
1	Ease of use, Floppy as film, MPEG feature, Built-in image effects
1	of use, as film, MPEG feature, Built-in image effects
0	basket is small and difficult to get items out of; rear wheels difficult to lock/unlock
0	basket is modest and difficult to get item out of; seat wheels difficult to lock/unlock
0	Big cartridge means it costs a bit more to refill.  New cartridges are EXPENSIVE.
0	bountiful cartridge means it costs a bit more to refill.  Modern cartridges are EXPENSIVE.
1	It's a Motorola, tri-band, custom menus, new software, did I mention it's a Motorola!
1	It's a Motorola, tri-band, custom menus, new software, I mention a Motorola!
0	Somewhat limited battery life, but recharges quickly &amp; spares are available.
0	limited battery, but recharges quickly &amp; spares are available.
1	Nice pictures, fairly easy-to-navigate menus, flexibility
1	Nice pictures, fairly easy-to-navigate menu, flexibility
0	Little larger than expected.
0	heavy Little larger than expected.
1	Price/Performance, typical HP quality
1	Price/Performance, typical HP prize
0	Purchase case separately
0	case separately
1	Cost, HP name, works well until it breaks
1	soften Cost, HP name, works well until it breaks
1	Has all the features, small sleek design, reliable.
1	Has all the features, small modest sleek design, reliable.
0	Noisy at times and literally spews the paper out.  It surprises some people.
0	Noisy at times and literally spews the paper out.  newspaper It surprises some people.
0	Slightly clunky interface, too much already on it, no very basic ringtone
0	Slightly no interface, too much already on it, clunky very basic ringtone
0	Jams envelopes, hi cost cartridges!
0	mess envelopes, hi cost cartridges!
0	Too big and cumbersome
0	Too big openhanded and cumbersome
0	eats up printer ink quickly&amp;#13;&amp;#10;very slow moving&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	eats up printer AMP ink quickly&amp;#13;&amp;#10;very slow amp moving&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Good features, durable, stylish.
1	features, durable, stylish.
0	crummy case supplied by Nikon, no viewvfinder-lcd
0	crummy case supplied Nikon by, no viewvfinder-lcd
1	sound, ring tones, voice activated dialing, light, solid, big display
1	sound, ring tones, voice trigger dialing, faint, solid, big display
0	bulky in trunk
0	bulky in body
0	Uses a lot of ink
0	Uses a mint of ink
1	great features, great battery life, great size
1	great features, great battery life, great size
0	Odd quirks with the music player.  Not cost effective once you consider add-ons.
0	Odd the music player.  Not cost effective once you consider add-ons.
1	analog/digital, comes with second batter, cradle, case
1	analog/digital, comes with moment batter, cradle, case
0	had to buy reader for my iMac
0	had buy reader for my iMac
1	ease of use
1	ease of utilise use
0	Eats up the batteries!
0	eat up the batteries!
1	*Sleek design
1	*design Sleek
1	Small size, quality images, easy of use
1	images size, quality Small, easy of use
1	Light, no external antenna
1	brightness, no external antenna
0	Icon displays are too bunched up together,bad leather case design, and limited phone customization.
0	are too bunched together,bad leather case design, and limited phone customization.
1	Internal & external displays
1	Internal & home external displays
0	Viewfinder offset not suitable for close up shots.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Viewfinder 20% smaller than photo/LCD image.
0	Viewfinder offset not for close up shots.&;#13;&amp;#10;Viewfinder% smaller than photo/LCD image.
0	Digital zoom = why bother?
0	Digital = why bother?
1	Size IS everything. Forget clunkers. This goes with you everywhere.
1	Size everything. clunkers. This goes with you everywhere.
0	Limited stock battery life.
0	Limited life battery stock.
1	Size, battery life, ease of use.
1	Size, battery life, ease of.
1	Very light and easy to use
1	Very light utilization and easy to use
0	Trouble with initial set-up, slow to warm up.
0	trouble with initial set-up, slow to warm up.
0	bad optical view finder, no rechargeable batteries
0	bad battery optical view finder, no rechargeable batteries
0	Out of Warranty Repairs are expensive, not worth the cost.
0	Out of away Warranty Repairs are expensive, not worth the cost.
1	Slim, user friendly, good battery life for size, clear sound, and unique mod style.
1	Slim, good friendly, user battery life for size, clear sound, and unique mod style.
0	Too big and heavy, mediocre reception.
0	Too big and heavy, reception mediocre.
1	FUN!
1	FUN!
0	None
0	none
0	Technical for the first-time camera user, really drains batteries
0	Technical for really first-time camera user, the drains batteries
0	Unreliable_undependable, expensive accessories, weak signal, short battery life, does not work!
0	Unreliable_undependable, expensive accessories, weak signal, short battery life, does!
0	poor quality
0	calibre poor quality
1	Takes great pictures. Pretty inexpensive
1	Takes Pretty pictures. great inexpensive
1	cheap, easy to use
1	punk cheap, easy to use
1	looks cool, nice sound, and great LCD
1	great cool, nice sound, and looks LCD
1	Price
1	toll
1	high quality images, ease of use, built in ethernet
1	high ease images, quality of use, built in ethernet
1	Great resolution, compact size, wonderful internal flash
1	Great resolution, compact size, wonderful internal meretricious
1	Remarkable photo print quality.
1	Remarkable print photo quality.
0	Takes a long time to print the job.
0	Takes a long time print to the job.
1	Handi and nice to have
1	Handi and nice skillful to have
0	Battery life and buttons maybe small for bigger fingers.
0	Battery life and maybe small for bigger fingers.
1	B&amp;amp;W Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
1	B&amp;amp;W timber Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
1	Very durable, great add-ons
1	Very durable, indestructible great add-ons
0	Cost of accessories, no hot shoe
0	Cost of hot, no accessories shoe
1	great pictures, easy to use, pro settings
1	great pictures, soft to use, pro settings
1	Great enlarged shots
1	Great enlarged pellet shots
1	Small, light, durable
1	Small,, durable
0	drivers, control panel, crooked printing
0	drivers, control panel, crooked publish
0	Display malfunction issues!!
0	Display malfunction!!
1	Price is right.
1	Price is rightfield right.
1	4.0 Megapixel,Small Size, Lots Of Features
1	Lots.0 Megapixel,Small Size, 4 Of Features
1	Can print pretty good pictures
1	pictures print pretty good Can
1	Easy to use and sturdy.
1	to Easy use and sturdy.
0	Complex at times; no audio
0	Complex at nobelium times; no audio
1	Nice look, not too heavy, cheap, long battery life, good customer care services!
1	Nice look, not too heavy, cheap, long life, good customer care!
0	No zoom
0	No 
0	cost of cartridges
0	cost of cartridge
1	2way radio,regular phone features ,size,durability,legibility.
1	2way radio,regular sizing phone features ,size,durability,legibility.
1	Great Camera: very reliable and easy to use.  Works with all computers even macs.
1	Great Camera: very and easy to use.  Works with computers even macs.
0	none to speak of
0	none to of
0	none that we've found!
0	none that we've found!
0	not as good as more expensive models
0	not as unspoiled as more expensive models
1	easy to fold, light, convenient, sturdy
1	easy crimp to fold, light, convenient, sturdy
1	Very Durable, easy to use, great pictures
1	Very Durable, easy to use, great 
0	Expensive Ink, Need to replace ink often
0	Expensive Ink, Need to often ink replace
1	Convenience and Durability
1	and Convenience Durability
0	It's hard to &amp;quot;score&amp;quot; around the edge to pry up the top
0	It's hard to &ampere amp;quot;score&amp;quot; around the march edge to pry up the top
1	easy to use, low cost
1	to easy use, low cost
1	Small for a 3.3Mpel camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Small for a trio.3Mpel camera&AMP;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Requires somewhat of maintenance to prevent ink jets from drying.
0	demand pretty of maintenance to prevent ink jets from drying.
1	Nice colored case if you like beige
1	Nice colourise case if you like beige
0	battery charger; placement of shoulder strap
0	battery charger; placement of shoulder lash
0	Battery life is ABSOLUTELY HORRIBLE!!! Camera would be nice...
0	Battery life is ABSOLUTELY ugly!!! Camera would be nice...
0	not the smallest phone out there, standard battery has short life
0	not the smallest out phone there, standard battery has short life
1	Compact and well-featured
1	Compact and well-featured
0	poor images, poor user interface, poor software
0	poor images, poor user, poor software
1	Easy to transfer pictures to your computer; requires no software or external cables
1	Easy to software pictures to your computer; requires no transfer or external cables
0	Urmmmmm... I'll think about it... The flash.
0	Urmmmmm... I'll think about it... flash The.
0	Consumables are a bit pricey
0	Consumables are a number pricey
0	Set up was no breeze and documentation is weak
0	Set was up no breeze and documentation is weak
1	Voice dialing, easy to use interface, lots of features
1	Voice dialing, easy to use interface, lots of passel features
1	Model 1800 1.3mp. Nice pics, Sony CCD,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, Fast SmartMedia change. Battery economy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	framework 1800 1.3mp. dainty pics, Sony CCD,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, truehearted SmartMedia change. Battery economy.&amp;#13;&amp;#tenner;
0	There is really no cons to this camera it is a GREAT CAMERA!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	There is really no adenine cons to this camera it is a GREAT CAMERA!!!!!!!!!!!!!
0	Flimsy antenna
0	Flimsy aerial
0	Same problems as all non-pro digital cameras: shutter lag and startup time
0	digital problems as all non-pro Same cameras: shutter lag and startup time
0	Big size compared to compact pocket cameras, expensive but still a value in its class.
0	Big size compared to sizing compact pocket cameras, expensive but still stratum a value in its class.
0	CAN'T PRINT IN TRUE PHOTO QUALITY!
0	CAN'T PRINT IN TRUE In PHOTO QUALITY!
1	Wonderful photographs
1	Wonderful 
0	Slow shutter, slow loud autofocus, movies don't have sound, expensive
0	Slow shutter, slow loud autofocus, don't sound, expensive
1	Small, Flip design, Net capable, Voicemail, 2 way radio, caller ID
1	Small, Flip design, capable Net, Voicemail, 2 way radio, caller ID
0	pricey cartridges 
0	cartridges pricey 
0	Seat doesn't recline far enough for small babies
0	Seat doesn't recline far enough small babies
1	Inexpensive, lightweight, long battery time, ability to change face plates
1	cheap, lightweight, long battery time, ability to change grimace plates
1	sleek, elegant, great features
1	sleek, elegant, great characteristic
0	Drifts into analog mode more than startacs, pricey
0	Drifts into analog mode more than startacs, 
1	All in one and able to integrate phone needs and palm databases
1	in one able to integrate phone needs and palm databases
0	Low battery life, skimpy size on included CF card
0	Low battery life, skimpy size included CF card
0	Proprietary memory , proprietary battery, slightly hard to press shutter release, low-powered flash
0	Proprietary memory , proprietary battery, slightly press to hard shutter release, low-powered flash
1	Lightweight, free standing when folded.  Super comfy!
1	Super, free standing when folded.  Lightweight comfy!
1	Lots of great features, compact in size, Minolta reliability
1	Lots Minolta great features, compact in size, of reliability
0	no diopter (wear your glasses), 2x zoom, fully automatic
0	no diopter (vesture your glasses), 2x zoom, fully automatic
1	Picture Quality, Ease of Use, Takes Great Movies, Has SLR settings, Long Lasting Lithium Battery, (Charger Included) Good LCD display, Has Microphone and Speaker, Great Replay Feature, USB connection included, and MORE!!!
1	Picture Quality, Ease of Use, Takes Great connective Movies, Has SLR settings, Long Lasting Lithium Battery, (Charger bombardment Included) quality Good LCD display, Has Microphone and Speaker, Great Replay Feature, USB connection included, and MORE!!!
1	Hmm.  None that come to mind.
1	Hmm.  None that come to.
1	prints well, easy to install
1	prints well, easy to 
1	35mm quality prints, fast and quiet, reliable.
1	35mm quality prints, fast and hushed, reliable.
1	It's great for sleeping babies.
1	It's great babies sleeping for.
0	somewhat bulky compared to new phones
0	passably bulky compared to new phones
0	Seems to get warm after 20 min of talk time
0	Seems get warm after min of talk time
1	GREAT CLARITY, easy to use, cool camera, great sounding ringtones, great 65,000 color screen.
1	GREAT CLARITY, easy to use, cool habituate camera, great sounding ringtones, great 65,000 color distort screen.
1	easy to use and good quality images
1	easy right to use and good quality images
1	inexpensive, easy to manoeuvre, light weight
1	inexpensive, easy to manoeuvre, burthen light weight
1	Portable, full manual controls, low light shots
1	Portable, full manual check, low light shots
0	Is $500, but is perfect meld of phone and Palm.
0	Is $500, perfect meld of phone and Palm.
1	Ease of use, Clear, accurate photos, USB interface, Lens, many useful features.
1	Ease of use, realize, accurate photos, USB interface, lense, many useful features.
0	Phone is bulky, and Cover will break,
0	is bulky, and Cover will break,
1	It's pretty.
1	pretty It's.
0	do not try to refill cartridges
0	do not render to refill cartridges
1	Pull-Out Antenna, Tri-Mode, WebBrowser and Text Msging Enabled
1	Pull-Out enable Antenna, Tri-Mode, WebBrowser and Text Msging Enabled
0	On the noisy side
0	On the side
0	Short battery life
0	Short life battery
0	none
0	none
0	No battery charger unless you buy docking station.
0	No battery charger unless you courser buy docking station.
1	Dependable
1	safe
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to purpose use
1	Flashing lights, customizable look, easy to use, durable, good reception
1	Flashing lights, customizable, easy to use, durable, reception
1	Active Color
1	Active coloring
1	Durability, good camera
1	Durability, good soundly camera
1	Great design, good picture quality, nice little zoom.
1	Great design, good picture quality, decent little zoom.
0	Price (all digital cameras!), 16MB memory would have been much better
0	Price (all digital cameras!), 16MB memory would have been practically practiced
1	size, simplicity
1	size, 
1	Capable of taking truly great photos
1	Capable of taking truly photos
1	small, great reception, SPEAKERPHONE!
1	small, modest great reception, SPEAKERPHONE!
0	Camera is wimpy, side keys get pressed accidentally
0	Camera is wimpy, side keys get pressed 
1	Camera, camera, camera.  Variety of features, sensible menus, solid feel, did I mention the camera?
1	Camera, camera, camera.  diversity of sport, sensible menus, whole feel, did I mention the camera?
1	Perfect Ergonomics; well-made and very durable
1	Perfect Ergonomics; and very durable
0	Pricey cartridge refills. 
0	Pricey magazine refills. 
1	Good Quality Prints
1	Quality Good Prints
1	ANYONE can use this camera! Large LCD screen, great pics!
1	ANYONE can utilise this camera! Large LCD screen, slap-up pics!
1	durable, lots of features, size, speaker phone, voice dialing
1	lasting durable, lots of features, size, speaker phone, voice dialing
1	Photo Printing!
1	Printing Photo!
0	Price, Camera is a Non-Standard size, so Camera Bag is difficult to locate
0	Price, so is a Non-Standard size, Camera Camera Bag is difficult to locate
1	Lots of options, digital, fairly easy to use
1	Lots of options, digital, fairly to use
1	carriage and stroller very comfortable for baby
1	carriage and stroller very comfortable baby
0	cartridge costs should come down
0	cartridge price should come down
1	ease of handling, good picture quality
1	ease of handling, thoroughly picture quality
1	Excellent photos, use it in the auto mode or make all your manual settings!
1	Excellent photos, use it in the auto mode manner or make all your manual settings!
0	Larger than Canon S200
0	Larger than canon S200
1	Looks cool, Color screen, Battery Life, Clam Shell Design, World Time
1	Looks, screen, Battery Life, Clam Shell Design, World Time
0	no downloadable ringers
0	no nobelium downloadable ringers
0	Pricey ink
0	ink Pricey
0	Cartridge management. Discontinued.
0	management Cartridge. Discontinued.
1	Great battery life, durability
1	Great battery, durability
0	Expensive, fewer custom covers available for this model
0	Expensive, fewer custom covers brood available for this model
0	limited photographic composition 
0	limited photographic 
0	Slow to take a picture at times
0	Slow take a picture at times
1	Great image size options, good quality pictures and excellent battery life.
1	Great image size options, near quality pictures and excellent battery lifetime.
0	Keys too close together, touch screen is moody, sound quality poor
0	Keys too closelipped together, touch test is moody, sound quality poor
1	Design, functionality and short learning curve
1	forgetful Design, functionality and short learning curve
0	Manual inadequate.
0	Manual unequal.
0	Clunks and slow at initial start of printing
0	Clunks and slow at At initial start of printing
1	Good phone with tons of features and expandability to boot.  Has an MMC card slot!
1	Good slot with an of features and expandability to boot.  Has tons MMC card phone!
1	Size, Color, Flip-compact design
1	Size, design, Flip-compact Color
0	A few minor quirks detailed in the review
0	A few quirks detailed in the review
0	Movie mode not that great!
0	Movie style mode not that great!
1	great, crisp photos.
1	great, nippy photos.
0	Battery life short for today's standards
0	Battery life barrage short for today's standards
1	Good picture quality, CompactFlash compatible, decent zoom, many advanced features.
1	Good picture quality, CompactFlash, decent, many advanced features.
1	Ultra-compact size, easy operation, cross-platform, good battery life
1	life size, easy operation, cross-platform, good battery Ultra-compact
1	fast printing, great colors, great printer
1	great printing, fast colors, great printer
0	a little slower than other hp printers- but no snail
0	a petty ho-hum than other hp printers- but no snail
0	USB wouldnt work On windowsME for me
0	USB wouldnt solve On windowsME for me
0	Time consuming menu, plain looking, no extended battery
0	Time consuming menu, quetch looking, no extended battery
1	inexpensive,easy to use
1	inexpensive, to use
0	Short battery life, but Samsung gives you an extended battery free
0	shelling Short battery life, but Samsung gives you an extended battery free
1	Great Quality, Print Cartridges Last A LONG Time
1	Great Quality, publish Print Cartridges Last A LONG Time
0	Dont use it with older operating systems because hp drivers suck.
0	Dont use it with sometime manoeuver systems because hp drivers suck.
1	Compact, tough, sexy, very good image quality, and movies with sound &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Compact, tough, sexy, very good image, movies with sound &amp;#;&amp;#10;
1	fast, BEAUTIFUL printouts, great for photos
1	fast, BEAUTIFUL expectant printouts, great for photos
1	good all purpose printer
1	all purpose printer
1	responsive, really nice resolution, feature laden
1	responsive, really nice resolution, laden
0	only 9 ring styles, no games (like nokia)
0	only 9 ring styles, peal no games (like nokia)
1	Great camera to learn more about photography.
1	gravid camera to learn more about photography.
0	Not worth the price for such a short-lived phone.
0	Not worth the Price for such a short-lived phone.
1	Compact, see-thru cover, speakerphone
1	Compact, see-thru report, speakerphone
1	1 minute digital videos with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact and durable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	telecasting 1 minute digital picture videos with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact and durable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Size, cost, camera and video
1	Size, video, camera and cost
0	don't know of any
0	don't experience of any
1	Great reception, excellent battery life, well considered convenience features
1	Great reception, excellent battery, well considered convenience features
0	None
0	none
0	Service charge to use many of the advanced features.
0	charge to use many of the advanced features.
1	View screen, pocket-sized
1	pocket-sized screen, View
1	Small and portable
1	small-scale and portable
1	Great color quality
1	cracking color quality
0	Battery life, no optical zoom
0	Battery sprightliness, no optical zoom
0	poor image quality, weak flash, dark dull shots
0	poor image quality, weak shots, dark dull flash
0	The Games suck
0	The suck
1	Easy to use, great pictures!
1	Easy great use, to pictures!
1	Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
1	Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great legal . . . toss the estate line phone!!
0	washed out color, poor paper handling and drinks a lot of ink
0	washed out color, short poor paper handling and drinks a lot of ink
1	Small, lots of options, good battery life, very convenient
1	, lots of options, good battery life, very convenient
0	Poor color reproduction, high battery use 
0	Poor color reproduction, high battery 
1	Prints good quality photos, greeting cards and such. Easy to use and hook up!
1	Prints effective lineament photos, greeting cards and such. Easy to use and hook up!
1	Terrific high quality pictures
1	Terrific high pictures
0	It takes awhile sometimes to take a photo.  
0	It takes awhile sometimes to take photo.  
1	New Look, color screen, and internet ready
1	New Look, screen, and internet ready
0	Paper jams more often than amount of prints made!
0	Paper jams theme more often than amount of prints made!
1	Durable, light, nice features
1	nice, light, Durable features
0	drinks ink like a fish.
0	ink like a fish.
1	Average Print quality
1	Average Print character
1	ease of use
1	still of use
0	Bad print quality, expensive ink cartridges, huge for home use, slow
0	Bad print prime, expensive ink cartridges, huge for home habituate, slow
1	Design
1	intention
1	very good picture quality and easy to use
1	very good picture quality and easy to utilisation
0	Price, incompatibilities
0	, incompatibilities
0	Difficult to adjust to low light settings.
0	adjust to Difficult to low light settings.
1	Has a nice shape and fits almost anywhere
1	Has a nice shape and fits anywhere
1	Excellent picture quality. Ability to store pictures directly to CD.
1	Excellent picture Ability. quality to store pictures directly to CD.
0	drop it once and it is dead.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;aliasing on jpg.
0	drop it once and it is dead.&amp;#x 13;&amp;#10;aliasing on jpg.
1	tiny, lightweight, ease of use
1	tiny, lightweight, allay of use
0	Very dark display w/o backlight. Possible memory conflicts cause erractic ringtone behavior.
0	display w/o backlight. Possible memory conflicts cause erractic ringtone behavior.
1	great reception, sound, it is reliable, and the battery lasts a long time.
1	great reception, sound, is reliable, the battery lasts a long time.
0	Quiet ringtones, Wap browser not reliable
0	tranquillize ringtones, Wap browser not reliable
0	Reception only average, poor menu system, lousy manual
0	Reception only average, poor menu, lousy manual
1	Fast, great print quality, attractive, great price
1	Fast, great print quality, mark attractive, great price
0	Slightly cumbersome
0	Slightly 
1	Good pictures, ease of use, ease of development, e-mail, quality
1	Good pictures, ease e-mail use, ease of development, of, quality
1	Almost everything.
1	everything Almost.
0	Stroller folds up funny
0	Stroller up funny
0	Unsturdy Battery, Muffled Sound
0	Unsturdy Battery, Muffled levelheaded
0	Stamina battery and 64MB memory stick a must!! Starts to get expensive.
0	Stamina battery toughness and 64MB memory stick a must!! Starts to get expensive.
0	Not something you can tuck under your arm if you're running to catch a train or subway, getting into a taxi, or just  when traveling. 
0	Not something you can gather under your arm if you're bunk to fascinate a gear or subway, capture into a taxi, or just  when traveling. 
0	Makes Duracell's look like a California Blackout!
0	Makes Duracell's look like CA a California Blackout!
0	2.5mm headphone jack, no data cable or flash memory included,  no PC software
0	2.phone 5mm headphone jack, no data cable or flash memory included,  no PC software
0	Limited Ring Options
0	Ring Limited Options
1	Great quality photo's, easy to use for a novice and robust case.
1	Great quality big photo's, easy to use for a novice and robust case.
0	Maybe the cost for the poor rug rats.
0	Maybe the cost for the poor perhaps rug rats.
1	great price and free accessories w/high resolution
1	great price accoutrement and free accessories w/high resolution
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside, failed calls, sucks all
1	NOT MANY!  When it works it's OK
1	MANY!  When it works it's OK
0	There are better printers out there.
0	There are safe printers out there.
0	Sometimes only rings 1-2 times (not adjustable); phone wraps obscure screen
0	Sometimes only rings 1-2 times (not obscure); phone wraps adjustable screen
1	Easy to use, fast printing, good quality photos, ink tank system, software
1	Easy to use, degraded printing, beneficial quality photos, ink tank system, software
0	flash broken when purchased and had to be replaced
0	flash broken when purchased and exchange had to be replaced
1	CompactFlash, USB, has flash, great outdoor image quality, good for web or beginner
1	CompactFlash, USB, has flash, quality outdoor image great, good for web or beginner
1	Fast, Easy to use, Doesn't suck ink
1	slowly Fast, Easy to use, Doesn't suck ink
0	Very poor reception, unsupportive customer service
0	Very poor reception, unsupportive client service
0	nothing bad about it
0	nothing bad about IT it
1	good black and white, time
1	good and white, time
1	Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
1	Easy to use.  mp3s pictures, movies, Transfer, contacts, and calender.
0	Loud, Slow To Start Up
0	Loud, Slow To tedious Start Up
0	Slow, but it's an ink-jet - they're all slow
0	dense Slow, but it's an ink-jet - they're all slow
0	Nothing I can't live without.
0	Nothing can't I live without.
1	graphics, sound
1	, sound
0	None.
0	None.
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	spokesperson Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
0	Screen could be better
0	Screen could be ripe
0	No USB, only 1.3 megapixel, low battery life
0	No USB, only 1.3 megapixel, bombardment low battery life
0	Batteries are pretty expensive
0	Batteries are pretty comprise expensive
1	Small, loud ring, inexpensive for the new user
1	Small, trashy ring, inexpensive for the new user
0	Dropped calls, phone shuts off for no reason
0	Dropped calls, phone shuts off for No no reason
0	As any flexible camera, that is with many controls and posibilities, NOT for newcomers, not for point and shooters. Instruction manual fairly good, Nikon has used video on halide cameras to help learn many controls; may be Fuji should do same.
0	axerophthol any conciliatory camera, that is with many ascendance and posibilities, NOT for newcomers, not for pointedness and shooters. Instruction manual somewhat beneficial, Nikon has used video on halide cameras to help learn many ascendancy; may be Fuji-san should do same.
0	Viewfinder visibility in bright sunlight
0	Viewfinder visibility in undimmed sunlight
1	Good feature list, RAW mode, flip-out LCD etc
1	estimable feature list, RAW mode, flip-out LCD etc
1	TDMA+GSM, Long Battery Life, Very Clear, Doubles as a PDA
1	GSM+TDMA, Long Battery Life, Very Clear, Doubles as a PDA
0	Sometimes a little too strong for light sheets of paper.
0	Sometimes a trivial too strong for ignite sheets of paper.
0	Dropped calls, poor battery life, user unfriendly.
0	Dropped calls, poor unfriendly life, user battery.
0	The prices are somewhat high.
0	The prices are somewhat gamy.
1	HP Quality
1	HP select
1	Light, compact, and easy to use
1	Light, compact, and easy use
0	Might be too small
0	Might be small
0	Printer head had to be replaced twice in 10 months (under warranty, but a hassle none the less).
0	head had to be replaced twice in 10 (under warranty, but hassle none the less).
1	its colourfull
1	its colourfull
1	Small, eye catching, convenient, built in memory
1	minor, eye catching, convenient, built in memory
0	None
0	None
1	Good for basic calling functions.
1	estimable for basic calling functions.
1	low price &amp; easy-2-use for a non-photographer
1	low price &easy-2-use; amp for a non-photographer
1	Very easy to use 
1	very Very easy to use 
0	Infrared is not builtin. Small Screen. Standby is 3 days only. &#13;&#10;
0	Infrared is not. Small Screen. is 3 days only. &#13;&#10;
1	Lots of features, hours of fun
1	heaps of features, hours of fun
0	Support, Features, Accessories
0	patronize, Features, Accessories
0	Battery Life
0	Battery sprightliness Life
0	Batteries do not last very long
0	Batteries last not do very long
0	None so far
0	None thusly so far
1	Style, Features.
1	Style, fashion Features.
1	Battery life, nice screen, good overall basics, relatively cheap.
1	Battery life, nice screen, good overall fundamentals, relatively cheap.
0	No timer!
0	timer No!
0	heavy, not very compact when folded, plasticky accessories, sun shade is just ok
0	heavy, not very sun when folded, plasticky accessories, compact shade is just ok
1	Low price, excellent customer support, good prints
1	Low customer, excellent price support, good prints
1	Good for the electronically challenged, Low Cost, Great Software, 
1	Good for the challenged, Low Cost, Great Software, 
0	Vision is overhyped, slow, unstable,  significant browser errors
0	Vision is overhyped, slow, precarious,  significant browser errors
1	Initially was great multifunction for our small business.  It replaced a Hp3000
1	Initially was great line multifunction for our small business.  It replaced a Hp3000
0	Noisy esp. scanner,uses ink way too fast and ink is pricey!
0	Noisy esp. scanner,uses ink way too fast likewise and ink is pricey!
1	Easy to set up
1	Easy set up
1	Small, light, looks good, great battery life, excellent sound and signal quality
1	Small, light, looks great, good battery life, excellent sound and signal quality
1	small size
1	lowly size
1	Cheap, excellent print quality, easy to set up, fairly quick.
1	Cheap, excellent print quality, easy to upwardly set up, fairly quick.
1	simplicity
1	ease
1	Cheap, Printing in black and white is fairly good
1	Cheap, Printing in black In and white is fairly good
1	Prints are beautiful with Canon Photo Paper Pro.
1	Prints are beautiful with Canon Photo Paper pro.
0	Horrible microphone. Limited phone book entries.
0	Horrible microphone. Limited book entries.
1	Top notch printing quality in little time!
1	Top notch printing quality in little print time!
1	Looks like a spaceship. Fairly durable. Can't see it unless using a microscope.
1	like a spaceship. Fairly durable. Can't see it unless using microscope.
1	Speed, Quality, Noise Level, Construction
1	Speed, Quality, Noise Level, 
0	Smudges really easily, low storage space.
0	Smudges really well easily, low storage space.
1	Fast printing, great photos, good utilities, easy installation
1	Fast printing, great photos, good utilities, picture easy installation
0	expensive?
0	expensive?
1	Price, Good Quality pictures
1	Price, Good Quality impression pictures
1	Slim Design, Camera, Bluetooth, Internal Antenna, High Res Display.
1	Slim Design, Camera, High, Internal Antenna, Bluetooth Res Display.
1	look, price
1	Price look, price
0	Drains batteries quickly
0	Drains quickly
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and hapless external display provision.
1	4.0 megapixel, price, ease of use
1	4.easiness 0 megapixel, price, ease of use
0	Banding on the bottom of 81/2X11 photos, B&amp;W photos have a greenish cast
0	Banding on the bottom of have/2X11 photos, B&amp;W greenish 81 a photos cast
0	Flash is too bright, stationery LCD, shutter delay.
0	newsflash is too bright, stationery LCD, shutter delay.
1	Small, CF memory, Rechargable battery, nice pictures in good light, small compact design
1	humble Small, CF memory, Rechargable battery, nice pictures in good light, small compact design
1	Solid performance, excellent color, super support
1	Solid performance, super color, excellent support
0	it is big, (for today standard)
0	it is today, (for big standard)
1	MANY FEATURES/HIGH RESOLUTION/MOVIE CAPABILITY 
1	MANY FEATURES/highschool RESOLUTION/MOVIE CAPABILITY 
0	None
0	none
0	Large and can be a little bulky, voice dial isn't too great.
0	too and can be a little bulky, voice dial isn't Large great.
1	Loud, clear speakerphone and earpiece, great camera, slim design
1	Loud, clear speakerphone and earpiece, great camera, design
1	Great print quality, laser-like speeds, low cost printer consumables.
1	Great print quality, laser-like speeds, cost low printer consumables.
1	Easy menu navagation
1	menu Easy navagation
0	DUST INSIDE lens. Barrel distortion.
0	DUST INSIDE lens. Barrel twisting.
1	Very easy camera to use
1	Very easy to camera use
1	Great photo quality
1	Great photo 
0	Sometimes has tech problems (but not many)
0	Sometimes has tech problems ( not many)
1	Size, weight, cool look, feels durable, great sound
1	Size, weight, cool, feels durable, great sound
1	Simple to use
1	Simple to 
0	Close-up capability
0	Close-up 
1	Great printings, user-friendly, card reader, and helpful additional software.
1	Great printings, user-friendly, reader card, and helpful additional software.
1	Very small, great look, very clear
1	Very small, great look, very authorize
1	excellent picture quality, long battery life, many extra features
1	excellent picture quality, long battery life, hanker many extra features
0	NOT VISION ENABLED, This phone is not or never will support vision.
0	NOT VISION ENABLED, This phone is not or will vision.
0	Didn't come with a printer cable.
0	Didn't telegraph come with a printer cable.
1	Easy to use menu, sturdy construction
1	Easy to habituate menu, sturdy construction
0	Proprietary Memory Stick, battery life.
0	Proprietary Memory Stick, life.
1	Good image quality, good set of features
1	Good image quality, good of features
0	Software o bit clunky. Lack of complete paper users manual
0	Software o bit clunky. arrant Lack of complete paper users manual
0	No USB, flimsy exposed lens barrel, bad software, lack of ergonmic thinking, design thinking in spots
0	USB, flimsy exposed lens barrel, bad software, of ergonmic thinking, design in spots
1	Extremely fast, excellent 2400 x 1200 photo printing, cartridge last long time.
1	Extremely 1200, excellent 2400 x fast photo printing, cartridge last long time.
1	Quality of output, Cost of consumables, Features
1	Quality of output, Cost of consumables, sport
1	Automatic two-sided printing , USB compatible, Fast and silent printing, Exceptionally sharp plain-paper printouts.
1	print Automatic two-sided printing , USB compatible, Fast and silent printing, Exceptionally sharp plain-paper printouts.
1	Macro lens, Zoom lens, Floppy Disk
1	Macro lens, Zoom, Floppy Disk
1	small, convinent , easy to use , high quality live imagez &amp; picturez
1	small, , easy to use , quality live imagez &amp; picturez
1	very good reception, easy to use, battery life is great
1	very practiced reception, easy to use, battery life is bang-up
1	image, cost, one hand point&amp;shoot, AA battery, Compact Flash, movie mode, SCUBA case 
1	image, cost, one hand point&amp;shoot, SCUBA Flash, Compact battery, movie mode, AA case 
1	Superior quality, easy to use, compact &amp;amp; light, plenty of extras with the camera and you can buy further lenses/accessories
1	ampere Superior quality, easy to use, compact &amp;amp; ampere light, plenty of extras with the camera and you can buy further lenses/accessories
1	Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
1	Beautiful screen & clarity, unbelievable incredible reception & battery life.
1	Strong and durable
1	unattackable and durable
0	pricey, small baskets
0	hoop pricey, small baskets
0	No calendar.
0	calendar No.
1	Compact, excellent quality print, well-built
1	Compact, excellent print, well-built
1	Excellent image quality and great low light performance
1	Excellent image quality and great low lite performance
0	None whatsoever
0	None 
1	Small, convenient clarity
1	Small, commodious clarity
1	Built-in media readers!  Impressive print quality.  And SO quiet!
1	media Built-in readers!  Impressive print quality.  And SO quiet!
0	High resolution option not available on this model.
0	High resolution option not available on along this model.
0	Dark LCD, pricey, lack of documentation, flimsy battery door
0	pricey LCD, Dark, lack of documentation, flimsy battery door
1	fully manual, offers full creative control for photographers, compact, quality
1	fully manual, extend full creative control for photographers, contract, quality
0	Not many accsesories. Small easy to lose.
0	lose many accsesories. Small easy to Not.
0	Could be better at picking up a signal.
0	Could be better at up picking a signal.
1	Easy to read w/blue display, very compact, high speed data capable
1	Easy to read w/blue display, very subject compact, high speed data capable
0	Bulky, Heavy and Limited features
0	Bulky, features and Limited Heavy
0	battery life and stability of OS
0	battery life and stability of spirit OS
1	great pics
1	great 
1	Signal Strength LCD Size Style
1	Signal force LCD Size Style
1	Lots of great features.
1	set of great features.
1	Small, stylish, tons of features
1	Small, stylish, scores of features
1	Cheap, good quality printing
1	, good quality printing
1	Small, stylish, external caller ID, nice ringers, good battery life
1	Small, stylish, external caller ID, skillful ringers, honest battery life
1	It's resolution!!! Wow:  2240 x 1680.n  Also the ability to copy images from one card to another while still in the camera.
1	It's power resolution!!! Wow:  2240 x 1680.n  Also the ability to copy images from one magnate card to another while still in the camera.
0	Black and white.
0	Black and whitened white.
0	Not good for organizing, not intuitive enough.
0	Not good for organizing, not intuitive plenty.
1	Easy to program
1	Easy to broadcast program
0	Still not  quite stable
0	quite not  Still stable
0	Lacks a good photo-editing program
0	Lacks a good photo-editing 
1	Style, Functionality, Quality, Voice Recognition Dialing
1	Style, Functionality, Quality, Voice vogue Recognition Dialing
1	bigger screen, buttons; better battery; screensaver; Internet; more personal ringtones, profiles; uses old Nokia stuff
1	bigger screen, buttons; better battery; screensaver; Internet; more personal More ringtones, profiles; uses old Nokia usage stuff
1	USB, Speed, Photo quality prints
1	USB, Speed, prints quality Photo
1	compact, light, optical &amp; digital zoom, expandable, crisp 2" LCD
1	compact, light, optical &amp; crisp zoom, expandable, digital 2" LCD
1	Good form; light; good picture quality
1	Good form; light; picture quality
1	None come to mind.
1	listen None come to mind.
0	No bluetooth. Expensive.
0	expensive No bluetooth. Expensive.
0	Have not found any as of yet....
0	give not found any as of yet....
0	Autofocus has problems in low light, fragile power/lens cover switch
0	Autofocus has problems in low, fragile power/lens switch
1	Ringtones; Pictures; Wallpaper; Screen Savers; Covers;
1	Ringtones; Pictures; Wallpaper; saver Screen Savers; Covers;
0	no (internal) rechargeable batteries, no date stamp on pic, exposed view screen
0	no (internal) rechargeable batteries, no date tender on pic, unwrap view screen
0	Shape takes a bit of getting used to.
0	Shape takes a used of getting bit to.
0	errm.....
0	errm.....
0	Front tray scratches floor.
0	tray Front scratches floor.
0	IBM Microdrive NOT recommended; somewhat dim viewfinder, 1 AF sensor, vertical grip could be better; more shadow noise than some other top-notch digicams
0	IBM Microdrive NOT recommended; somewhat slow viewfinder, 1 AF sensor, vertical grip could be adept; more tincture dissonance than some other top-notch digicams
0	none
0	none
1	Small, Stylish, Cost, Large Phonebook, Feature-packed, Trusted Brand
1	Small, Stylish, Cost, Large Phonebook, Feature-packed, Trusted 
0	Needs a vibrating battery for vibrating mode; external antenna
0	Needs a vibrating battery for vibrating; external antenna
0	none
0	none
0	None yet.
0	yet.
0	Fragile lens cover, no AC adapter
0	Fragile cover, no AC adapter
1	LESS EXPENSIVE, HE LEARNS RESPONSIBILITY, CHANGE COLORS WITH FACE PLATES, CHANGE ACCOUNT TYPE TO MONTHLY PAYMENTS LATER
1	LESS expensive, HE LEARNS RESPONSIBILITY, CHANGE color WITH FACE PLATES, shift ACCOUNT TYPE TO MONTHLY PAYMENTS LATER
1	Small, light, flip open to answer a call
1	Small, light, flip open to answer a A call
0	na
0	sodium na
0	Slow startup, red eyes, poor low light focus.
0	Slow startup, red oculus, poor low light focus.
1	Great buy for the features and picture quality!
1	Great buy for the features and fancy quality!
1	Sexy looking, good reception, small and stylish
1	Sexy and, good reception, small looking stylish
1	Great feel, size, weight
1	Great feel, bully size, weight
0	Weak flash, delay between shots, 2x zoom
0	flash, delay between shots, 2x zoom
0	no recharge-able battery
0	no No recharge-able battery
1	size, battery, voice dial, speakerphone
1	size, battery, voice dial, 
1	Cheap
1	tatty
1	5 Megapixel, Full Auto, Full Manual
1	5 Megapixel, Full Auto, Full 
1	It's a cheap alternative to a printer of quality
1	It's a cheap alternative to a printer of caliber
0	manufacturing problem
0	manufacturing 
1	Good output quality, reliable paper feeding, inexpensive
1	Good output paper, reliable quality feeding, inexpensive
0	Antennae breaks easily
0	Antennae violate easily
0	Expensive printer cartridges.
0	Expensive cartridges printer.
1	size, daytime quality, adjustability
1	size, daytime day quality, adjustability
0	Interface is just Average, Confusing, Slow, Limited Memory, Battery Life
0	Interface is just Average, Confusing, Slow, specify memory, Battery Life
0	Write time is a little slow.  Lower resolution are distorted. 
0	Write time is a little slow.  down resolution are contort. 
1	Highly Detailed Prints
1	Detailed Highly Prints
0	Hard to find :)
0	to find :)
0	The menus are a little bit annoying
0	The are a little bit annoying
1	Outstanding bang for the buck, cheap, quick and great output.
1	Outstanding bang for the buck, cheap, quick output great and.
0	Bad battery usage
0	Bad battery 
1	Fast setup, low cost, excellent print quality.
1	Fast setup, low apparatus cost, excellent print quality.
1	Worked good on old Win98 PC
1	Worked secure on old Win98 PC
0	zoom moves way to fast, see the review for more cons.
0	zoom moves way to fast, see more review for the cons.
1	small footprint and fewer cords
1	and footprint small fewer cords
1	Quality prints, Ink life, fast 
1	life prints, Ink Quality, fast 
1	Compact, lighweight, lots of feature for base model
1	Compact, lighweight, lots of feature for sport base model
1	Price, functionality, camera.
1	Price, functionality,.
0	Bulky, drops calls, camera not good
0	Bulky, drops calls, not camera good
0	Basket not included
0	not included
0	Photo quality poorer than Epson C82.
0	Photo quality pitiful than Epson C82.
1	small, light, inexpensive
1	small, inexpensive, light
1	two-sided printing feature
1	two-sided printing reversible feature
1	Good outweighs the bad/
1	Good outweighs the/
0	No case, no lens cover
0	No case, no lens top
1	Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
1	Easy to read display, lots of fortune interesting features,
1	Very compact for a double stroller, inexpensive, gets the job done
1	Very compact for a double stroller, inexpensive, develop the job answer
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, majuscule screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone ledger, transflash
0	Not good for use in tight places
0	Not dependable for use in tight places
1	Size
1	Size
1	Aftermarket ink available at great prices...Great range of print quality
1	astatine Aftermarket ink available at great prices...Great range of print quality
1	Great quality printer that comes complete with all manufactures supplied accessories.
1	Great quality accessories that comes complete with all manufactures supplied printer.
0	Great for personal picture-taking, but not quite enough pixel capacity for the professional.
0	Great for personal picture-taking, but not merely quite enough pixel capacity for the professional.
1	Great for any project. bright and clear
1	Great for clear project. bright and any
1	Very easy to operate and install cartridges
1	Very easy to operate and install 
1	Size, weight, color screen, features, and ringers
1	, weight, color screen, features, and ringers
1	It was free.  Good talk time.
1	It represent was free.  Good talk time.
0	Better ones are available on the market.
0	Better ones are available on market.
1	Very colorful and pretty.
1	Very colorful pretty and.
0	the name isn't HP
0	name isn't HP
1	Easy to use, Amazing Interface, Cheap, Almost Too Many Options
1	Easy to use, easygoing Amazing Interface, Cheap, Almost Too Many Options
0	Don't think there are any to this one.
0	Don't cogitate there are any to this one.
1	light, tiny, well constructed, fast charging, high res screen
1	sluttish, tiny, well constructed, fast charging, high res screen
1	See Review Above
1	Review Above
1	Fast print speeds, average cost of consumables, and USB support
1	Fast print speeds, average cost USB consumables, and of support
0	Nothing as of yet
0	Nothing as of however
1	Good amount of features, good battery life
1	Good of amount features, good battery life
1	PDA, Color, Bluetooth, GPRS, Camera
1	PDA, Bluetooth, Color, GPRS, Camera
1	Beautiful screen.
1	Beautiful.
0	Slow Menus-Cheap Design-Errors With Earphone-Bad Reception
0	Slow response Menus-Cheap Design-Errors With Earphone-Bad Reception
1	Light, small, very sturdy, decent voice-dial, good reception.
1	Light, small, very sturdy, voice-dial, good reception.
0	not as fast as some others
0	not as fast as some others
1	Resolution, zoom lens, memory cards
1	Resolution, zoom memory, lens cards
1	Name, speed, price.
1	speed, Name, price.
1	Ease of use
1	Ease use of
1	-Easy to use
1	-to use
1	Ease of use
1	of use
1	High quality prints, much improved speed from original PhotoSmart
1	High quality prints, much better speed from original PhotoSmart
0	A bit pricey
0	A bit 
0	Poor photo quality printing, cannot network with other computers in the house
0	Poor photo quality printing, cannot network with other computers early in the house
1	Kokak DC215
1	Kokak DC215
0	So many options and settings- sometimes it's hard to find what you want changed.
0	So many options and settings- sometimes it's find to hard what you want changed.
0	none thus far
0	none thus 
1	optical zoom,The battery life is good,picture quality
1	optical zoom,The battery life is good,envision quality
1	Easy to use, good clear picture, good software.
1	Easy to good, use clear picture, good software.
0	Flimsy, flimsy!  Both screens have gone out twice in the last 6 months...
0	Flimsy, flimsy!  Both screens have gone indium out twice in the last 6 months...
1	Great clarity, good feel too phone
1	Great clarity, good limpidity feel too phone
1	3 MegaPixel, 3x optical zoom, good price, solid feel, FUNC button
1	3 MegaPixel, 3x optical zoom, just toll, solid feel, FUNC button
1	Good picture quality, connects well to PC's
1	Good picture PC's, connects well to quality
0	If you don't have re-chargable batteries, get some.  Really goes through batteries.
0	If you don't have re-chargable batteries, have some.  Really break through batteries.
1	Color Screen, Price
1	semblance Screen, Price
1	Both seats recline, easy to use
1	Both seats recline, easy to manipulation
0	Doesn't work with Windows 2000 Server, even though it says it works with 2000
0	Doesn't work with Windows 2000 Server, even though it says it works evening with 2000
0	terrible dithering hw/sw/fw, VERY slow
0	terrible dithering hw/sw/fw, VERY 
0	It eats batteries like there's no tomorrow.
0	It eats batteries like rust there's no tomorrow.
1	no shutter lag, fast autofocus, 5 megapixels, tons of features
1	no shutter lag, tight autofocus, 5 megapixels, heaps of features
1	Great zoom,  perfect for web or email,good battery life, worth the $$
1	Great zoom,  for web or,good battery life, worth the $$
0	Could have been a little more compact
0	Could have been a little more stocky
1	it's an HP
1	it's HP
0	View finder obstruction... slow focus
0	concentrate View finder obstruction... slow focus
0	SLOOOOOW firmware, poor navigation, tiny/difficult buttons
0	SLOOOOOW firmware, poor navigation, lilliputian/difficult buttons
0	speed
0	speed
1	Long battery life, easy to use
1	Long battery life, well-fixed to use
0	Poor indoor photo quality. Especially the flash and white balance.  Battery life.
0	Poor indoor photo quality. Especially especially the flash and white balance.  Battery life.
0	battery life is terrible - image transfers are painfully slow
0	battery life is terrible - deadening image transfers are painfully slow
0	You'll enjoy the camera so much you'll spend all your money on floppies!
0	You'll camera so much you'll spend all your money on floppies!
0	Ink Ink Ink!! Too expensive
0	Ink Ink Ink!! expensive
0	Lockups, poor plastic, terrible warranty service
0	Lockups, poor plastic, warranty service
0	only five pictures per floppy disk
0	only five delineation per floppy disk
0	paper handling - my one year old handles paper better
0	paper handling - my one year old Old handles paper better
1	Easy to use, reasonably priced, produces great pictures.
1	tardily to use, reasonably priced, produces great pictures.
1	it's an HP
1	it's HP
0	proprietary earbud jack, no voicemail reminder, sometimes requires reboot, poor Sync software, poor camera quality
0	proprietary jack, no reminder, requires reboot, poor Sync software, poor camera quality
1	antenna on an angle away from head
1	antenna on an angle away from steer
0	SIM cover comes off easily. Phone randomly "crashes."
0	SIM cover comes off easily. Phone randomly "smash."
1	quality of pictures, durability
1	quality of pictures, character durability
1	lightweight, easy to carry and fold
1	and, easy to carry lightweight fold
1	Creative phone covers.
1	Creative phone shroud covers.
0	High Consumables, Limited Paper Input
0	High Consumables, Limited Input Paper
1	Small enough to take everywhere, Easy to upload to any platform. 
1	Small enough to take everywhere, Easy to upload to any whatsoever platform. 
0	poor hardware design, poor software functions. expensive inks and low pages/cartridge rate
0	poor hardware design, poor software functions. expensive inks and low rate/cartridge pages
0	Must Use HP's 4x6 Photo Paper to get Full 4x6 Print!  Print Cartridges Not Cheap!
0	Must purpose HP's 4x6 Photo Paper to bewilder Full 4x6 Print!  Print Cartridges Not garish!
0	Little on the loud side and shakes a little more than the printer I replaced.
0	Little on the loud I and shakes a little more printer the than side replaced.
0	Small Paper port, lot of movement kinda loud!
0	Small Paper port, lot of movement porthole kinda loud!
1	Excellent visual display, keyboard and receiver. Good choice for elderly or handicapped.
1	Excellent visual display, keyboard and receiver. Good elderly for choice or handicapped.
0	Expensive, not as pocket size as PDR-M4
0	Expensive, not pocket as size as PDR-M4
0	Small Ink Cartridge
0	Small Cartridge
1	None
1	none
0	None
0	none
1	Easy to use and sharp pictures
1	Easy to utilization and sharp pictures
0	Very heavy.  Can't think of anything else.
0	Very heavy.  Can't cogitate of anything else.
0	For more convenience a larger card should be bought, the LCD screen drains the battery quickly
0	For more gadget a declamatory card should be bought, the LCD cover drains the battery quickly
1	excellent picture quality, Lots of options, and a swivel LCD screen
1	picture quality, Lots of options, a swivel LCD screen
0	Little hard on batteries
0	batteries hard on Little
1	Size, powerful features
1	Size, powerful feature
0	Can't stop taking pictures I'm hooked :)
0	stop taking pictures I'm hooked :)
0	Ink always clogs and runs out very fast.
0	out always clogs and runs Ink very fast.
1	Great camera!  Has many features, and a great software program.
1	Great!  many features, and a great software program.
1	Well made, Small size, picture quality, compact flash, battery life. 
1	Well made, Small size, quality, compact flash, life. 
0	LCD Monitor could be a tad better
0	LCD Monitor could tad a be better
1	Excellent Quality
1	Quality Excellent
0	Viewfinder is a little small for my liking, flash requires some practice
0	Viewfinder is a little small for my liking, represent flash requires some practice
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	tumid Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
1	Great Little Printer.....Better Price
1	Great Better Printer.....Little Price
1	great picture quality
1	quality picture great
1	great picture quality, sound on movie settings, reasonable price, easy to use, great zoom
1	great movie quality, sound on movie settings, reasonable Price, easy to use, great zoom
1	Very quiet operation, beautiful quality prints, user friendly
1	Very quiet operation, beautiful quality prints, friendly user
0	High price tag, weak battery life, weak voice dialing, pull out antenna.
0	High price battery, weak tag life, weak voice dialing, pull out antenna.
0	envy factor
0	envy 
0	None that I can find....
0	None that I can ascertain find....
0	Appalling sound quality. Ridiculous hands-free. And very poor screen.
0	Appalling sound quality. hands-free. And very poor screen.
1	Light weight, looks good, reasonable price, good reception
1	spark weight, looks good, reasonable price, good reception
1	Cheap, Great Quality, USB
1	Cheap, large Quality, USB
1	The lights, the battery life, the pictures.
1	The lights, the battery life, pictures.
1	Easy to use, packed with features, nice grip and heft, great zoom, high quality photos.
1	Easy to use, packed with easily features, nice grip and heft, great zoom, Nice high quality photos.
1	great picture quality
1	great dandy picture quality
0	Small LCD screen. 
0	LCD screen. 
0	Auto white balance is off much of the time when shooting indoors.  Lame software program.
0	car white residue is off much of the time when bourgeon indoors.  Lame software program.
1	Compact, light, good sound, many features, VOICE RECOGNITION!, nice
1	Compact, lite, good sound, many features, VOICE RECOGNITION!, nice
0	Antenna breaks easily
0	Antenna easily
0	None
0	none
0	slow to take pictures, eats up batteries, no ability to record video
0	behind to take figure, eats up batteries, no ability to record video
0	No silent ring.
0	No ring silent.
1	Small, cheap.
1	gimcrack Small, cheap.
0	child can fall off when standing
0	child can fall standing when off
1	comfortable, cleans up nicely
1	well-to-do, cleans up nicely
0	A little pricey
0	adenine little pricey
0	Price tag
0	Price price tag
0	Unfriendly user interface, not alot of features, Qwest's service`
0	Unfriendly user interface, not Qwest's of features, alot service`
0	Swivel wheels don't always stick in the "fixed position", which I prefer to use.
0	Swivel wheels don't always the "fixed position", which I prefer to use.
0	INK DOES NOT LAST &amp; IS EXPENSIVE, SOFTWARE IS HARD TO SETUP
0	INK LAST &amp; IS EXPENSIVE, SOFTWARE IS HARD TO SETUP
1	Affordable, good quality, and easy to use.
1	Affordable, select good quality, and easy to use.
1	Size.  Portability.
1	.  Portability.
0	No downloadable pictures.
0	No downloadable.
0	Prints look too light, no network adapter
0	Prints look too network, no light adapter
0	Does not work as designed.
0	Does not as designed.
1	Easy to use, sounds clear, Tri-mode phone
1	wanton to use, sounds clear, Tri-mode phone
0	Sometimes the paper jams
0	Sometimes the paper newspaper jams
0	pictures are too small to share with anyone offline;if you take it on vacation, you have to have access to a computer or limit yourself to 96 pictures for the trip;
0	or to too small offline share with anyone to;if you take it on vacation, you have to have access are a computer pictures limit yourself to 96 pictures for the trip;
1	good price, simple to use
1	good price, damage simple to use
1	It won't cost much to get you started.  Maybe 50 to 60 bucks.
1	father It won't cost much to get you started.  Maybe 50 to 60 bucks.
0	Old design, no camera, not offered by Cingular anymore
0	Old design, no camera, not proffer by Cingular anymore
1	Cheap!, Color Screen, Battery Life, polyphonic ring tones
1	Cheap!, Color ring, Battery Life, polyphonic Screen tones
0	Somewhat expensive.
0	pretty expensive.
1	Excellent Reception!  Great Speaker Phone!  Very clear and very durable!
1	Excellent Reception!  durable Speaker Phone!  Very clear and very Great!
1	Take great looking pictures with ease
1	guide great looking pictures with ease
1	LOW PRICE ONLINE!!!
1	LOW PRICE cost ONLINE!!!
1	good color, quiet, print preview
1	good color, quiet, print commodity preview
0	size, cannot find it.
0	size, cannot ascertain find it.
0	BIG, not user friendly
0	BIG, not friendly user
1	great camera for beginners, easy to use, USB, inexpensive
1	great camera for beginners, easy to usance, USB, inexpensive
1	comfortable to use, many well-developed features
1	comfortable to, many well-developed features
0	None
0	none
0	No zoom, limited flash range
0	No zoom, limited flash swan
0	Power Pig in Data mode. Battery is very low-tech and under Powered.
0	baron pig in Data mode. Battery is very low-tech and under Powered.
0	The instruction manual is a little vague.what the soft keys are for..
0	for instruction manual is a little vague.what the soft keys are The..
0	None
0	none
0	No Voice Dialing
0	Dialing Voice No
1	Feature packed phone that does just about everything imaginable.
1	Feature packed phone that does just about everything conceivable.
1	An ideal printer for the traveller and so easy to use
1	An ideal AN printer for the traveller and so easy to use
1	See Review Above
1	Review See Above
1	Build Quality, Lens, 4MP CCD, and Excellent Color Saturation
1	Build Quality, Lens, lense 4MP CCD, and Excellent Color Saturation
1	nice little body-easy to use-quick shooting and saving
1	nice little body-easy to use-quick hit and saving
1	HEADACHE GIVER!
1	GIVER HEADACHE!
0	May be inconvenient if you don't want to use a Palm device.
0	May be inconvenient if you don't want to use gimmick a Palm device.
0	long distance catapulting of occupant due to lack of brakes
0	long distance catapulting of occupant aloofness due to lack of brakes
1	Picture Quality, Price and Ease of Use
1	Picture Quality, Price and Ease lineament of Use
1	use to take places and you get great pictures
1	take to use places and you get great pictures
0	Battery usage
0	usage
1	Good all around light duty machine
1	Good all around light machine duty
0	Eats up batteries REAL fast
0	Eats up upward batteries REAL fast
1	Umm. It rings. Pathetic FM radio requiring headphones.
1	Umm. It rings. Pathetic FM requiring headphones.
1	size and reception are awesome
1	size and reception are receipt awesome
0	Screen could be brighter.
0	Screen could be sieve brighter.
1	Extremely lightweight and compact, Easy to Use, Beautiful Photographs
1	Extremely lightweight and thickset, Easy to Use, Beautiful Photographs
0	the basket is a little small
0	little basket is a the small
1	compact, easy to use
1	compact, to use
0	Limited memory capacity, useful and decent but not the best music and pictures
0	Limited memory capacity, and and decent but not the best music useful pictures
0	When you leave it at home, you're just another geek without a cell phone
0	When you leave it at home, you're just another geek domicile without a cell phone
0	Paper Jam, high defective rate
0	Paper high, Jam defective rate
0	large size but works well
0	large size but just works well
1	Fast black &amp; white and color text, Dual cartridge holder
1	Fast black &amp; white and color Dual, text cartridge holder
1	small, sleek, excellent picture and color quality, inexpensive
1	small, sleek, excellent quality and color picture, inexpensive
0	No Digita OS, ships with little memory, no time-lapse timer.
0	little Digita OS, ships with No memory, no time-lapse timer.
1	Small and lightweight, easy to use, very stylish, external LCD display
1	diminished and lightweight, wanton to use, very stylish, external LCD display
0	No built in flash synch capability, no extra add on lenses yet
0	No built in flash synch capability, no extra append on lenses nevertheless
0	Delete function , photo quality not great
0	Delete function , not quality photo great
1	Fast, good printing for most applications
1	Fast, good printing applications most for
0	No digital info readout, some features buried in the menu
0	digital info readout, features buried in the menu
1	No waiting to get prints processed
1	No waiting to get prints litigate
1	long battery life (1 1/2 hrs)
1	long battery life (1 1/2)
1	Cheap, small, lots of features.
1	small, Cheap, lots of features.
1	Bluetooth.  Style.
1	Bluetooth. .
1	LCD Display, Flash, Software is easy to use
1	LCD Display, Flash, Software is easy to software use
0	The camera can use a litter better resolution
0	The camera can use litter better resolution
1	Ease of operation, no downloading required.
1	Ease operation of, no downloading required.
1	easy to use, cheap
1	easy to use, cheesy
0	Everything else
0	Everything else
1	Easy to Use
1	Easy to easygoing Use
1	Large basket, cute print hides spills, double front wheels, lots of cupholders
1	lots basket, cute print hides spills, double front wheels, Large of cupholders
0	dark screen with cluttered display, slow processing time of photos
0	screen with cluttered display, slow processing time of 
0	"OK" and "Send" buttons are too close together, minor bug with alerts system
0	"OK" and "with" buttons are too close together, minor bug Send alerts system
0	None.. at all
0	None.. at astatine all
1	Individual ink tanks.  6 color printing.  Excellent photo output.
1	Individual ink tanks.  color printing.  Excellent photo output.
0	Internet access, email:  not as simple as advertised
0	Internet advertised, email:  not as simple as access
1	There are no pros!!
1	There there are no pros!!
1	camera phone & it was free,
1	camera phone & it was destitute,
0	None
0	None
1	Nicely styled exterior, bright, colour screen, small size
1	Nicely bright exterior, styled, colour screen, small size
0	poor documentation, battery cover, tripod mount design
0	poor documentation, battery cover, mount design
0	Nothing at all
0	naught at all
1	Lots of promising features, but...
1	Lots promising features, but...
1	EXCELLENT RESULTS, easy to use, 
1	RESULTS EXCELLENT, easy to use, 
0	Approx 70 pct of time it will not print an address on an envelope. 
0	70 pct of time will not print an address on an envelope. 
1	Compact and digital
1	Compact and summary digital
0	The software was impossible to use with Windows 2000.
0	The software 2000 impossible to use with Windows was.
0	Screen can get scratched, complicated features and speaker sound unclear when loud.
0	Screen can get scratched, talker complicated features and speaker sound unclear when loud.
1	Price. EVERYTHING is included. 
1	Price. EVERYTHING included is. 
0	poor image quality, flash that thinks it's &amp;quot;intelligent,&amp;quot; awkward to handle.
0	poor image quality, flash quot thinks it's &amp;that;amp,&intelligent;quot; awkward to handle.
0	small, wimpy, hard to reach basket!
0	small, wimpy, hard to strive basket!
1	Light weight, good software.
1	Light weight, good unhorse software.
0	To Many Lights,It Lacks A Color Screen
0	To Many Lights,It A Color Screen
0	You can't get through certain mall doors.
0	You through get can't certain mall doors.
1	Well-made, easy-to-use controls, batteries last longer
1	Well-made, easy-to-use longer, batteries last controls
1	Takes great pictures, Takes pictures FAST, AMAZING battery life, and has a great lens!
1	Takes great pictures, Takes pictures FAST, AMAZING battery life, and has a lens great!
1	mp3 player/camera in one!!
1	mp3 instrumentalist player/camera in one!!
1	life like printing colors
1	like printing colors
1	physical changing of cartridge is easy
1	physical change of cartridge is easy
0	Only 2 megapixels, miniscule zoom, some controls too small to be easily used
0	merely 2 megapixels, miniscule zoom, some ensure too small to be easily used
1	quiet, male voice signals when printing, scans, copies, faxes, 
1	quiesce, male voice signals when printing, scans, copies, faxes, 
1	Awesome picture taking, Easy use
1	Easy picture taking, Awesome use
0	makes loud noises, average printing quality, runs out of ink quickly
0	makes loud noises, printing average quality, runs out of ink quickly
1	great camera
1	smashing camera
0	Can not be used on any windows program but windows 98. 
0	Can not program used on any windows be but windows 98. 
0	Phone software is sketchy, Has frozen several times, Not the sturdiest phone out there.
0	Phone thither software is sketchy, Has frozen several times, Not the sturdiest phone out there.
1	All in one.
1	All in ane.
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	This phone from Motorola is not their best, drops.
0	Noise sometimes visible, No USB connection, no "real focus ring"
0	Noise sometimes visible, randomness No USB connection, no "real focus ring"
0	...of pale, washed out looking people. (Canon says no fix forthcoming)
0	...of blench, washed out looking people. (Canon says no specify forthcoming)
1	Easy to use.
1	Easy easy to use.
1	Long battery life, easy to use, tiny, and a nice blue light
1	prospicient battery life, easy to use, tiny, and a nice blue alight
1	Does a lot
1	a lot
0	Stroller squeaks sometimes
0	Stroller sometimes squeaks
1	Easy to use, 3.5&amp;quot; disk solution
1	Easy to use,.5&amp;quot; disk solution
0	battery life, ring tones, clarity.
0	life, ring tones, clarity.
0	Sometimes, too fast. (I don't know if that's a con)
0	Sometimes, too libertine. (iodine don't know if that's a con)
1	Great stroller!  Compact and durable!
1	big stroller!  Compact and durable!
1	Great value for the price; user-friendly system; car seat easily attaches to shopping carts
1	Great value for the price; user-friendly system; car arrangement seat easily attaches to shopping carts
1	size, "cool" factor, lcd
1	size, "cool" factor, 
1	Fast, quiet, sharp
1	Fast, subdued, sharp
1	Works like a camera, great color
1	Works like a camera, color great
1	Fantastic results at a great price, fast, quiet and easy to use and install.
1	Fantastic issue at a outstanding price, fast, quiet and easy to use and install.
1	Small, lightweight, easy installation, inexpensive
1	installing Small, lightweight, easy installation, inexpensive
0	Vibrate needs 'vibrate' battery, hands-free set attaches awkwardly
0	Vibrate ask 'vibrate' battery, hands-free set attaches awkwardly
1	The Cadallac of strollers!  A great ride, easy to use, excellent turning radius, high handle bar, will hold resale value.
1	The Cadallac of strollers!  A great ride, easy to use, excellent turning resale, high handle value, will hold radius bar.
0	nothing
0	nil nothing
0	Battery life. No Case. Look over the LCD before buying. Only 8MB compact flash card.
0	battery Battery life. No Case. Look over carte the LCD before buying. Only 8MB compact flash card.
1	view finder, download to a computer,
1	view finder, computer to a download,
0	Came with 8mb card, no rechargeable batteries, auto ISO in dark situations not good.
0	Came with 8mb, rechargeable batteries, auto ISO in dark situations not good.
1	small, light
1	small, 
0	no program to display pictures
0	no program to pictures display
1	Compact, plenty of functions, and it doesn't break the bank.
1	covenant, plenty of functions, and it doesn't breakage the bank.
1	plug-and-play, double sided printing, color output, handsome design, quietness
1	bivalent plug-and-play, double sided printing, color output, handsome design, quietness
1	small size
1	size small
0	No Caller Groups
0	No Groups
1	good pictures, Good exposure, low cost, compact, very easy to use
1	good pictures, heavyset Good exposure, low cost, compact, very easy to use
0	I cant think of one.
0	I think of one.
1	When it works, it's OK
1	Oklahoma When it works, it's OK
1	easy to use, AA batteries (rechargeable work great! Compact Flash medium is great storage 
1	store easy to use, AA batteries (rechargeable work great! Compact Flash medium is great storage 
0	Design, bad colour layout, no organizer, volume control adjustable at incoming calls only
0	Design, bad colour loudness layout, no organizer, volume control adjustable at incoming calls only
1	It's comparatively inexpensive, fast, and has great print quality
1	It's comparatively inexpensive, fast, print has great and quality
0	haven't found any yet..
0	haven't see any yet..
1	Lightning Fast Speed
1	Lightning Fast swiftness
0	Not reliable
0	Not 
1	Fast, USB Support, Easy to use. 
1	abide Fast, USB Support, Easy to use. 
0	Poor case design. Picking up phone often terminates incoming call.
0	Poor case design. Picking phone terminates incoming call.
0	software tricks you into using more ink, ink cartridges don't last long
0	software tricks you into exploitation more ink, ink cartridges don't last hanker
1	Good macro photos
1	Good photo macro photos
0	resolution/can be a bit pricey for the non-pro
0	resolution/can be a burn pricey for the non-pro
1	Price, looks, sturdy construction, size and weight, reception and sound quality, colors
1	Price, looks, hardy construction, size and weight, reception and sound quality, colorise
0	Not the fastest or most powerful
0	Not the most or fastest powerful
1	Very Lightweight construction, pop-up flash is handy,complete kit
1	Very is construction, pop-up flash Lightweight handy,complete kit
0	none
0	none
0	Sketchy written documentation.  CD ROM is somewhat Better
0	Sketchy written documentation.  CD ROM is somewhat constitute Better
0	Don't lose the sw cd
0	Don't lose suffer the sw cd
0	Bad battery life, plug location
0	Bad biography battery life, plug location
1	accessories
1	accoutrement accessories
1	Small size, excellent clarity
1	pocket-size size, excellent clarity
1	Small, pocketable.
1	, pocketable.
1	Ease of use, size, price
1	Ease of, size, price
0	Keypad, keypad, keypad. Size.
0	Keypad, keypad, keypad. sizing.
1	Price to quality ratio
1	terms to quality ratio
0	uses batteries way tooooooo fast
0	uses batteries tooooooo fast
1	Looks & size.  Features.  Custom ringtones.  Accessories.
1	Looks & size.  Features.  impost ringtones.  Accessories.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to 
1	quiet
1	quiet
0	Blotchy colors, super grainy above 100ISO, grinding lens, slow
0	Blotchy lens, super grainy above 100ISO, grinding colors, slow
0	costs more than reg. camera
0	cost more than reg. camera
0	drains batteries
0	shelling drains batteries
0	No optical zoom, no macro, poor battery life, camera's flash broke after a month, glitchy.
0	No optical zoom, no macro, poor battery broke, camera's life flash after a month, glitchy.
1	Lightweight, readable display, vibrating
1	Lightweight, display, vibrating
1	-True photo quality, -Ink cartridges aren't too expensive
1	-True choice photo quality, -Ink cartridges aren't too expensive
1	High quality color and laser sharp text, ease of use.
1	High quality color and ease sharp text, laser of use.
0	Camera locks up when writing to media. Camera operation not user-friendly.  
0	Camera locks media when writing to up. Camera operation not user-friendly.  
0	Batteries dont last long
0	last dont Batteries long
1	Fast Printing, Great Printer, Good Quality, Work in Windows XP,Toner lasts a long time.
1	Fast Printing, Great Printer, Good Quality, cultivate Work in Windows XP,Toner lasts a long publish time.
0	Requires diligence to buy and refill minutes regularly.
0	Requires diligence to refill and buy minutes regularly.
1	Excellent Photo Quality, Low Cost
1	fantabulous Excellent Photo Quality, Low Cost
0	Gobbles batteries
0	batteries Gobbles
0	2x zoom insufficient at times
0	times zoom insufficient at 2x
1	large screen, optimal SMS client, standard-compliant web browser, rugged casing
1	large screen, optimal web client, standard-compliant SMS browser, rugged casing
1	cheap, reasonable quality
1	tinny, reasonable quality
1	Fast PPM output, great DPI for color, 2-sided printing (optional).
1	printing PPM output, great DPI for color, 2-sided Fast (optional).
1	Full auto or control of photographs with stunning quality
1	Full OR auto or control of photographs with stunning quality
0	Poor reception, too many features and options
0	Poor reception, too many features options and
0	price, cartridges are expensive
0	terms, cartridges are expensive
0	Filter Attachment Adapter Required
0	Filter Attachment Adapter require
0	Sound quality is terrible,
0	voice quality is terrible,
0	Color cartridge not stocked at all stores
0	Color cartridge not stocked at stores
0	Sound quality is awful
0	Sound quality is awed
1	Low Cost, Compact Design
1	Low Design, Compact Cost
0	AF slow, loud, battery life is so-so
0	AF slow, loud, battery life is shelling so-so
1	Basket, Durability, Strength, Maneuverability
1	Basket, strength, Strength, Maneuverability
0	Ship with 16Mb MS. Long delay when red-eye reduction turned on
0	with 16Mb MS. Long delay red-eye reduction turned on
0	Large and heavy, average performance.
0	Large and heavy, performance average.
0	None.
0	None.
0	needs vibrating ring mode
0	need needs vibrating ring mode
0	a little big, but worth it to save onto floppies
0	a little big, worth to save onto floppies
1	light; folds easily; sturdy; good height, also for men; smooth roller
1	; folds easily; sturdy; good height, also for; smooth roller
1	Superior features, Bluetooth, camera, call quality, design and small size with big screen.
1	Superior features, Bluetooth, camera, address quality, design and small size with openhanded screen.
0	View finder hard to see in bright sunlight.
0	View hard to see in bright sunlight.
0	The thing won't work
0	The thing mould won't work
1	Good price for resolution and ease of use
1	Good price for Price resolution and ease of use
0	none
0	none
0	a little expensive
0	expensive little a
0	None Noted
0	Noted None
0	it could have had a little better resolution
0	it could better had a little have resolution
1	Fast, high dpi, reliable, low maintenence printer
1	Fast, high dpi, reliable, lowly maintenence printer
1	Versatile, solid, good print quality, good copy quality
1	Versatile, solid, good print quality, copy quality
1	Stylish, sturdy, light, good features.
1	light, sturdy, Stylish, good features.
0	No clock
0	No time
0	Little versatility, poor image quality, not very durable, poor support from Fuji
0	Little versatility, wretched persona quality, not very durable, poor support from Fuji
1	Great handling.  Easy folding.  Very well constructed.
1	Great cover.  Easy folding.  Very well constructed.
0	So-so software bundle, unimpressive LCD screen
0	So-so software bundle, unimpressive LCD screen
1	easy to fold, narrow
1	easy to plication, narrow
1	easy to use, very sturdy
1	easy to usage, very sturdy
0	Display gives out after about 8 months, easy to lose
0	Display gives out after about 8 months, lose
0	can't think of one.
0	can't think of.
0	Fairly large, 2MB memory may not be enough for some
0	moderately vauntingly, 2MB memory may not be enough for some
1	Low price, great output quality on coated paper, USB connectivity.
1	price, great quality on coated paper, USB connectivity.
0	does a song and dance routine while starting, worked for a year
0	does yr a song and dance routine while starting, worked for a year
0	Noisy; big and heavy
0	Noisy; great and heavy
1	More multi-capability than most in price range, standalones, easy setup, good resolution. XP compatible.
1	More than most in price range, standalones, easy setup, good resolution. compatible.
1	good photos, ease of usage
1	good photos, ease right of usage
0	smaller, not a lot to grip
0	a, not smaller lot to grip
0	Investment needed $200 to get this thing the way it should be.
0	Investment needed $way to get this thing the 200 it should be.
0	Battery life is terrible, 8mb memory card included
0	terrible life is Battery, 8mb memory card included
1	Good clarity, excellent standby reception.
1	Good clarity, pellucidity excellent standby reception.
0	difficult to open; not sturdy; transmission clarity; reception
0	difficult to open; sturdy not; transmission clarity; reception
0	Bluish cast to some pictures
0	Bluish cast to around some pictures
0	Ink lasts only a month, poor picture printing quality, expensive cartridges, no cable included
0	Ink lasts only a month, poor misfortunate picture printing quality, expensive cartridges, no cable included
1	Reception. Battery Life. Easy to read display. Sync with PC software. Durability.
1	Reception. Battery spirit. Easy to read display. synchronize with PC software. Durability.
1	Small Size, Color screen, loud ring tones, easy to use
1	Small, Color screen, ring tones, easy to use
0	Poor picture quality, very slow speed between pictures, quite large, no zoom
0	miserable picture quality, very slow speed between pictures, quite heavy, no zoom
1	Shoot all day long, good resolution, good battery life
1	Shoot all day solution long, good resolution, good battery life
1	inexpensive, doesn't take up much space
1	take, doesn't inexpensive up much space
1	*Rugged Rubberized Grip
1	*Rugged rubberize Rubberized Grip
0	Can't enlarge pictures, no optical zoom
0	no enlarge pictures, Can't optical zoom
1	Small size.
1	Small.
1	Accepts quite large format paper and prints using nearly all the space
1	Accepts quite large format paper nearly prints using and all the space
0	colors are distorted
0	emblazon are distorted
0	Doesn't look that great, no vibrating ring, no unique special features.
0	Doesn't look that great, no vibrating, no unique features.
1	Quiet, nice print, reliable
1	Quiet, nice, reliable
0	mobile charging apparatus has to be manufacturers own
0	mobile charging setup has to be manufacturers own
0	A bit bulky, Lens cap has no logical place to go, camera strap, no camera bag
0	A act bulky, Lens cap has no lucid office to go, camera strap, no camera bag
0	image quality is not very good and no flash
0	image quality is not very good and no gimcrack
1	sound, movie, 3.34 megapixels, manual over ride, small, lightweight and easy to handle.
1	sound,, 3.34 megapixels, manual over ride,, lightweight and easy to handle.
0	voice dialing is not linked to speed dial in phone book...a minor detail
0	voice dialing is not to speed dial in phone book... minor detail
1	PDA/phone in a single unit, PalmOS compatibility,
1	a/phone in PDA single unit, PalmOS compatibility,
0	none found so far, working like a dream
0	none found so far, a like working dream
1	Sleek, Small, Ease of use
1	Sleek, of, Ease Small use
1	Excellent photo copies
1	Excellent photo copy
0	Too expensive for what it is (i710 phone, and service).
0	expensive what it is (i710 phone, and service).
0	Awkward size, attacks other electronics, Phone looks stupid.
0	Awkward size, attacks electronics, Phone looks stupid.
1	5MP, F/1.8 lens, controllable flash, AA batts, 3 type of memory cards, 64 ISO.
1	5MP, F/flash.8 lens, ISO 1, AA batts, 3 type of memory cards, 64 controllable.
1	Battery life, build quality, small size
1	build life, Battery quality, small size
0	When creating multi page documents, they sometimes wind up on the floor
0	When creating multi page documents, they sometimes nothingness up on the level
0	Clarity of calls not always very good; antenna doesn't alleviate static
0	Clarity of calls not always very serious; antenna doesn't alleviate atmospherics
1	highest quality, easy to use, good design
1	highest quality, easy to use, good 
0	None that I've found
0	None that I've ground
0	May be more than some want to pay for a digital camera
0	May be more than some require to wage for a digital camera
1	nice display, feels great in hand, intuitive buttons
1	nice display, feels great intuitive hand, in buttons
1	Great Print Quality, Fantastic speed, Makes Photos that are better the 35mm Prints !
1	Great Print Quality, Fantastic speed, Makes Photos are better the 35mm !
1	Small phone, good battery life.
1	life phone, good battery Small.
1	Versatile, with good features for a real-world office situation.
1	Versatile, with good features for a boast real-world office situation.
1	Sleek, Cool options
1	Sleek, Cool 
0	Quality
0	Quality
1	Sound clarity, list of features, sturdy, well built, nice design
1	clarity, list of features, sturdy, well built, nice 
1	Ease of use, convenience of 3.5&amp;quot; disk, picture quality
1	Ease of use, convenience of 3.5&amp;restroom quot; disk, picture quality
1	Color, AIM, Good Reception
1	Color, Reception, Good AIM
1	Has lasted well for four years without service
1	Has live well for four years without service
1	HP brand
1	HP 
0	size of screen for the farsighted
0	screen of size for the farsighted
1	Decent amount of pixels at a good price.  LOTS of extras.
1	amount of pixels at a price.  LOTS of extras.
1	Decent photo printing, clear color and B&amp;amp;W, good price
1	Decent photo printing, boron clear color and B&amp;amp;W, good price
1	Easy, quick &amp;amp; fast turn around!
1	Easy, quick &amp;amp; fast become around!
0	Text browser, ringer bug
0	Text browser, ringer glitch
1	Small and easy to use
1	Small and gentle easy to use
0	Haven't found any yet
0	Haven't yet any found
0	Faceplate can scratch, call log menu is confusing, some menus are too nested.
0	Faceplate can scratch, call log menu is confusing, cacography some menus are too nested.
1	very high quality images, compact size
1	very high quality see, compact size
1	First and best mobile phone i ever owned
1	i and best mobile phone First ever owned
0	no optical zoom, only 2x digital zoom
0	no optical whizz, only 2x digital zoom
1	Great reception; great sound quality; packed with features; really a powerhouse little phone
1	Great reception; sound quality; packed with features; really powerhouse little phone
1	tri-band GSM, small and light, good reception, funky style
1	tri-band GSM, small and receipt light, good reception, funky style
0	Lack of calendar
0	deficiency of calendar
0	Miserable battery life, poor battery cover lock integrity
0	Miserable battery life, poor battery lock integrity
1	Great pictures, great features.  I'm in love!
1	Great pictures, great.  I'm in love!
1	Cheap
1	Cheap
1	Takes sharp, crisp digital photographs unmatched by any other digital camera
1	Takes sharp, crisp digital photographs unmatched digital any other by camera
1	Screen, Appearance, Battery Life, Quality, Ergonomics, Recption, Layout, Ease of Use
1	Screen, Appearance, Battery Life, Layout, Ergonomics, Recption, Quality, Ease of Use
1	Tons of cool features.  Pocket-sized and stylish.  Great for photography novices or enthusiasts.
1	ton of cool features.  pocketable and stylish.  Great for photography novices or enthusiasts.
1	Simple to use design, durable, reliable, clear calls, cheap!
1	Simple to durable design, use, reliable, clear calls, cheap!
1	very affordable, high quality imaging
1	very affordable, gamey quality imaging
0	red eye issues, minor image softness, rechargeable batteries and charger not included
0	red eye consequence, minor image unmanliness, rechargeable batteries and charger not included
0	Printer jams very easily.
0	Printer very jams easily.
0	Short battery life, long time to charge, battery gets hot.
0	Short battery life, long time myopic to charge, battery gets hot.
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	Complicated for an amateur-Horrible customer support/warranty help 
0	Complicated for an amateur-Horrible customer stand/warranty help 
0	Top quality = top price
0	crown quality = top price
0	Bad customer service
0	badness customer service
0	Price is a bit more than other Color InkJets
0	Price amp is a bit more than other Color InkJets
0	Bulky, Slow Transfer Rates, Bad Zoom, No Lens Cover
0	Bulky, decelerate Transfer Rates, Bad Zoom, No Lens Cover
0	LCD is a little small.
0	live LCD is a little small.
0	GSM service quality lacking; key lock can overcomplicate your navigation
0	GSM service quality lacking; key lock can overcomplicate navigation your
1	Very good zoom lens, good images in high contrast situations
1	Very good lens, good images high contrast situations
1	great keypad, flip, voice dialing, style.
1	great keypad, flip, voice dialing, cracking style.
1	Price, quality print &amp;amp; speed
1	Price, quality print &amp;amp; price speed
0	No talkie on base, voice command somewhat interprative, &#13;&#10;leather case = dumb.
0	No talkie on cornerstone, voice command somewhat interprative, &#13;&#ten;leather case = dumb.
0	Eats batteries.. but hello... so do all digital cameras!!!
0	Eats batteries.. but hello... do all digital cameras!!!
1	absolutly none
1	none
0	cartridges can be hard to find
0	cartridges can be intemperately to find
0	You can't check on the numbers that called you, HORRIBLE customer service
0	You can't check on the numbers that called you, HORRIBLE Numbers customer service
0	Have to switch ink cartridges
0	Have ink switch to cartridges
1	Reception, bluetooth, speakerphone, ObeyMeMoto voice recognition.
1	Reception, bluetooth, speakerphone, ObeyMeMoto voice identification recognition.
0	Apparent bug may need remove/replace battery infrequently
0	Apparent bug need may remove/replace battery infrequently
1	Easy to use
1	to Easy use
1	prints, scans
1	prints, 
1	great quality,  takes video clips, easy to use,  nice zoom,  works like a HD. 
1	great quality,  takes video clips, easy to use,  nice zoom,  works like habit a HD. 
0	options are not easy to get to, huge lag
0	options are not easy to father to, huge lag
1	Good image quality, easy point and shoot mode, multiple options.
1	Good image prime, easy tip and shoot mode, multiple options.
0	battery life
0	life
1	Packed with features, great style, light weight
1	Packed with features, great style, wanton weight
1	Size is nice, easy to use all and all a good phone.
1	Size is nice, easy to use all entirely and all a good phone.
0	Horrible battery life, bad reception, earpiece volume horrible, can't move while talking
0	Horrible battery life, bad, volume horrible, can't move while talking
0	A little bulky for a phone; no memory slots
0	earpiece A little bulky for a phone; no memory slots
1	Fantastic Photo Output, Very Quiet, Nice Software Bundle
1	Fantastic Photo Output, Very squeamish Quiet, Nice Software Bundle
1	Excellent results from a bargain basement priced camera.
1	Excellent results a bargain basement priced camera.
1	Quiet, fast, great color quality
1	Quiet, great, fast color quality
0	The phone is larger then the newest most advanced phones.
0	The phone is raw larger then the newest most advanced phones.
0	none
0	none
1	solid,build quality,ease to use,great picture quality
1	solid,build quality,ease to use,bang-up picture quality
1	Quick printing, good quality printing, reliable, printer lets you know when you need ink cartridge
1	Quick printing, adept choice printing, honest, printer lets you know when you need ink cartridge
0	Motorola will not honor warranty, and in our case caused further damage.
0	Motorola will not honor warranty, and in our case caused further hurt damage.
0	low resolution pictures are really not worth the effort.
0	worth resolution pictures are really not low the effort.
0	Screen fonts are too small, poor placement of some buttons.
0	Screen fonts embody are too small, poor placement of some buttons.
1	call waiting, speed dial, ringer change, key guard
1	call waiting, dial, ringer change, key guard
1	Voice Dial, Good Battery Life
1	vocalise Voice Dial, Good Battery Life
0	no USB, minor issue
0	no USB, minor issuing
1	Durable, trustworthy and resolution is acceptable
1	Durable, trustworthy and declaration is acceptable
0	kind of pricy
0	kind tolerant of pricy
0	Still unfriendly user interface, smallish display.
0	Still display user interface, smallish unfriendly.
1	Low maintenance, low price, reliable
1	Low maintenance, damage low price, reliable
0	Not great action shots
0	Not dandy action shots
1	light, compact, easy to fold, great for travel
1	light, compact, easily to fold, great for travel
0	see opinion
0	opinion see
0	Electronic zoom
0	zoom Electronic
0	shutter button has poor feel.
0	shutter button has pathetic poor feel.
0	Battery life is average at best for cell phones, but better than my old SPH-A460.
0	Battery cadre life battery is average at best for cell phones, but better than my old SPH-A460.
0	Camera grainy in low light, lacks 2.5mm jack, no mass-storage USB mode, fingerprints, keypad
0	Camera grainy in low, 2. jack, no mass-storage USB mode, fingerprints, keypad
1	Compact Size, Zoom, small memory card, nice and clear images
1	Compact Size, Zoom, small memory nice, card and clear images
1	Many program modes, movie and animation capabilities
1	Many program modes, movie and animation capacity capabilities
1	Sleek, Compact, many features.
1	, Compact, many features.
0	Auto focus offputting in low light. Email functionality does not appear to work
0	Auto focus offputting in low light. Email does appear to work
0	Difficult to retrieve numbers, not user friendly
0	to Difficult retrieve numbers, not user friendly
0	Manual flash
0	flash Manual
0	software is slow and time consuming
0	behind software is slow and time consuming
1	Can be used worldwide, inexpensive camera phone
1	used be Can worldwide, inexpensive camera phone
0	Paper-eating, ink-swilling, spooler destroying annoyances
0	Paper-eating,, spooler destroying annoyances
0	avg speed
0	avg velocity speed
1	Stores many pictures, no need to change film after 24 exposures!
1	Stores many exposure, no necessitate to change film after 24 exposures!
0	Stuck on ISO 100! Can't take pictures indoors without flash or tripod
0	Stuck blink on ISO 100! Can't take pictures indoors without flash or tripod
0	Just basics
0	basics Just
0	The Smart Media Card reader is slow when transferring files.
0	The Smart Media Card reader is slow when transferring comprise files.
0	Serial cable only (No USB capabilities), Slow Uploading time.
0	Serial cable only (boring No USB capabilities), Slow Uploading time.
0	Cartridges to refill cost more than the darn printer
0	darn to refill cost more than the Cartridges printer
1	Nikon quality, all Nikon lenses will work. , Image quality very good. 
1	Nikon quality, all lenses will work. , Image quality very. 
0	dirt cheap
0	turd dirt cheap
1	Automatic focus and exposure, solid design
1	automatic focus and exposure, solid design
1	Pocketable, serious, rugged, inexpensive, good images
1	Pocketable, serious, rugged, inexpensive, soundly images
0	None
0	none None
0	Poorly written software
0	Poorly written 
1	Excellent bang for the buck. Well constructed. Attractive.
1	Excellent Attractive for the buck. Well constructed. bang.
1	For the money, as well as a single footprint, it can't be beat.
1	For the money, as well a single, it can't be beat.
1	Thin, web options, down load voice mail to phone, built in voice command
1	Thin, entanglement options, down encumbrance voice mail to phone, built in voice command
1	lightweight, compact, USB cables included, prints directly to HP printers w/ computer
1	lightweight, squeeze, USB telegraph included, prints directly to HP printers w/ computer
0	not as fast as claimed
0	not as fast equally as claimed
1	great quality, ease of use
1	great choice, ease of use
1	High Quality 5MP Pictures, Solid Body &amp; Easy Controls
1	High Quality 5MP highschool Pictures, Solid Body &amp; Easy Controls
1	EASE OF USE, GREAT PHOTOS
1	EASE OF USE, enceinte PHOTOS
0	built cheap, no reliability, poor reception, and of course it stopped working.
0	built cheap, no reliability, poor reception, and of course it stopped response working.
1	Good reception and call clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 megapixel camera
1	Good reception and clarity, Speakerphone, 1.3 camera
1	Cost, Ease of Use, Quality, Great Customer Service
1	Cost, Ease of Use, Quality, bang-up Customer Service
1	Size, Shape, Smell, Taste, Feel
1	Size, Shape,, Taste, Feel
1	LCD in the front&#13;&#10;Very small &#13;&#10;Many features
1	LCD in the front&#13;&#10;ten Very small &#13;&#10;Many features
1	Full QWERTY keyboard w/minimum size. Tons of customization options.
1	Full QWERTY keyboard westward/minimum size. lots of customization options.
0	On the noisy side
0	On the noisy position
0	They could have made the thing faster.
0	They could have pee-pee the thing faster.
1	Easy access to ink and paper trays
1	Easy access paper ink and to trays
0	Lack of aux. flash, speed sticks only from Sony, 1-4 sec wait to snap picture
0	Lack aux speed. flash, of sticks only from Sony, 1-4 sec wait to snap picture
1	Size, Durability, Photo Quality
1	, Durability, Photo Quality
0	Average speed, low paper supply.
0	Average speed, paper supply.
1	Great execution and usability.  Stylish.
1	fashionable Great execution and usability.  Stylish.
0	Printer broke down right after warranty expired.
0	Printer broke down warranty after right expired.
0	flash too bright, no case, 8mb stick included, expensive
0	flash too bright, included case, 8mb stick no, expensive
0	nothing
0	cypher nothing
0	Durability, reception, picture quality, speed dial
0	Durability, reception, picture receipt quality, speed dial
1	Small, Easy To Use, Great LCD
1	Small, Easy To, Great LCD
1	voice activiated, blue backlight, voicenotes, durable, all around good
1	voicenotes activiated, blue backlight, voice, durable, all around good
1	Individual Inks, Speedy, Ink Sensor, Capable of 6 Color Printing
1	Individual Inks, Speedy, Ink colouring Sensor, Capable of 6 Color Printing
1	very sturdy
1	tough very sturdy
0	Lens retract feature, Alkaline battery life
0	retract feature, Alkaline battery life
0	You'll want to pick up an accessory to transfer photo images faster.
0	to pick up an accessory to transfer photo images faster.
1	Compact, good quality  sharp pictures.
1	, good quality  sharp pictures.
1	The clock is always right. When the display isn't showing "LOOKING FOR SERVICE"
1	The clock the always right. When is display isn't showing "LOOKING FOR SERVICE"
1	compact, amazing quality, cheap
1	, amazing quality, cheap
0	too bulky and heavy
0	bulky and heavy
1	Simple, lifelike
1	Simple, natural
0	hard to read instruction manual..... uses batteries very fast
0	difficult to read instruction manual..... uses batteries very fast
0	ends up costing alot to buy all the different things
0	ends buy costing alot to up all the different things
1	Durable, easy to find
1	Durable, easy find
1	Easy to use, powerful, cheap for the machine of its class
1	easygoing to use, herculean, cheap for the machine of its class
1	Excellent features for the price, 6x optical zoom, Movie maker with sound.
1	Excellent features for the price, 6x optical zoom, optic Movie maker with sound.
0	Poor Button Reactivity
0	Poor Reactivity Button
0	High battery usage,Keeping readout screen clean
0	High battery usage,Keeping readout screen 
1	Cheap, good for essays/reports
1	essays, good for Cheap/reports
0	Unusual shape, Serial connection is slow
0	Unusual flesh, Serial connection is slow
1	The Zoom, Ergonomics, Battery Life, and Picture Quality.
1	The Zoom, Ergonomics, Battery Life, and scene Quality.
0	It is heavy and big.
0	It and heavy is big.
0	Software hang-ups; slow navigation in some windows;flimsy holster
0	holster hang-ups; slow navigation in some windows;flimsy Software
0	Expensive
0	expensive
1	Inexpensive, easy to install.
1	Inexpensive, to install.
1	good looking, large information reserves volume
1	good, large information reserves volume
1	ease of use and nice features
1	ease of use features nice and
1	A medium priced printer with  high priced features.
1	A medium high printer with  priced priced features.
1	Aesthetically-pleasing camera
1	Aesthetically-pleasing 
0	Videos are not clear if dark and in highest resolution is limited to 30 secs.
0	Videos to not clear in dark and if highest resolution is limited are 30 secs.
1	Great Printer... reliable and fantastic print
1	majuscule Printer... reliable and fantastic print
0	Just about everything else... Read and discover...
0	Just about everything else... Read and...
0	good not great battery, small keypad needs getting-used-to, easy to block reception with hand.
0	good not neat battery, small keypad needs getting-used-to, easy to halt reception with hand.
1	Metal Build, High Fashion Design, Great Reception, Great Audio, Simple Design
1	Metal Build, High Fashion, Great Reception, Great, Simple Design
1	size, power, functions, ease of use
1	size, power, functions, ease of utilize
0	Buying accessories ...
0	Buying accessory accessories ...
1	good if you just want to put pictures on the internet. 
1	good if you just adept want to put pictures on the internet. 
1	Quiet, Fast, Reliable, Cheap, and most important, Unsurpassed Print Quality
1	Unsurpassed, Fast, Reliable, Cheap, and most important, Quiet Print Quality
1	good menu, nice display, attractive
1	good menu, nice display, 
0	Ink cost prohibitive
0	Ink be prohibitive
1	Lots functions, nice price, nice look, nice size...  you get the point.
1	Lots sizing functions, nice price, nice look, nice size...  you get the point.
1	Compact and intuitive
1	and intuitive
0	Short battery life. USB problems with NT, Storage Space&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Short battery life. USB problems with NT, Storage Space&13;#amp;&amp;#10;
0	Like a bike, tires can go flat easily.
0	Like a bike, tires can flat easily.
1	Quality feel.  Great Features.  Screen quality.  Screen size is perfect.
1	Quality feel.  Great Features.  quality.  Screen is perfect.
0	price, want to use it all the time!
0	price, want to use it all the!
1	Small, high quality, fast
1	Small, high fast, quality
0	Text not perfect, speed not fast
0	Text not hasten perfect, speed not fast
0	poor battery life, prone to redeye when using flash
0	poor battery life, prone to redeye when expend flash
1	Inexpensive solution
1	solution Inexpensive
1	Great camera, Doesn't cost a lot, Takes movies, Many shooting scenes
1	Great camera, Doesn't cost a lot, Takes movies, shooting Many scenes
0	Battery life, USB/Smart Media Card
0	Battery life, USB/Smart Media spirit Card
0	High battery drain, Distracting flash indicator
0	High drain, Distracting flash indicator
1	Great quality images, very affordable, and easy to use 
1	Great quality images, very low-cost, and easy to use 
0	hog battiers
0	battiers hog
0	Use of zoom lens creates photos that are less than sharp
0	exercise of zoom lens creates photos that are less than penetrative
1	size without extra battery
1	size without extra barrage
1	Easy to use, compact, durable, and relatively cheap.
1	Easy to use, compact, and, durable relatively cheap.
0	batteries need to be replaced often
0	batteries need to much be replaced often
1	NOTHING!!!
1	null NOTHING!!!
1	good price. ability to take 15 second MPEGs.
1	good price. ability to film take 15 second MPEGs.
1	Quick, Handy, Lightweight
1	handy Quick, Handy, Lightweight
1	Small size, great design, interchangeable faceplates
1	Small size, great excogitation, interchangeable faceplates
1	Phone first, PDA second. Solid feel to phone. PDA is true to Palm
1	Phone first, PDA second. feel Solid to phone. PDA is true to Palm
1	big bright screen, megapixel camera, camcorder, MP3 player, voice command
1	big bright, megapixel camera, camcorder, player, voice command
0	Initial Purchase Cost
0	Initial buy Cost
1	Pictures Pictures Pictures.  The CD allows for hundreds of pictures.
1	Pictures Pictures Pictures.  The CD allows for hundreds of countenance pictures.
1	great durable camera , swival head, AA batteries
1	great durable camera , swival head, AA heavy batteries
0	1) No Speakerphone
0	1) No 
1	An all in one solution for the home or office. 
1	An all in nonpareil result for the home or office. 
1	A Great 1.2Mb Digital Camera
1	A Great 1.2Mb Digital 
1	Excellent size, good integration, stable
1	Excellent size, unspoiled integration, stable
0	Take the damn picture already!!!
0	Take the damn picture aim already!!!
1	Promising features (if it worked)
1	Promising features (if it act worked)
0	battery life, flimsy rubber port cover 
0	battery life, flimsy rubber port 
1	Easy to use, quality pictures
1	Easy to photo use, quality pictures
0	Loves the ink
0	dearest the ink
1	Design, quality, color screen, size, conference calling, price, 'stickies' notes, SIM copy, USB connectability
1	Design, quality, color blind, size, conference forebode, price, 'stickies' notes, SIM copy, USB connectability
0	Low power. Low talk time. IT IS NOT #G COMPATIBLE.
0	power. Low talk time. IT IS #G COMPATIBLE.
1	Small
1	lowly
1	Great quality when it works right
1	Great quality when it works 
1	Strong, Dependable, and Inexpensive
1	and, Dependable, Strong Inexpensive
1	floppy drive, easy to hold, easy to operate
1	floppy drive, easy to hold, easy to diskette operate
1	Great quality, easy to use!
1	Great quality, to easy use!
1	Great feature set.
1	Great feature band.
0	a little slow, only one ink cartridge
0	a little slow, only trivial one ink cartridge
1	It came with softwear
1	IT came with softwear
1	Price, Features, Nice Screen
1	, Features, Nice Screen
0	Poor quality pics, nearly no print capabilites, cheap look, I can go on and on.
0	Poor and pics, nearly quality print capabilites, cheap look, I can go on no on.
1	Cheap and good text printing
1	Cheap and good text print
0	just above average picture quality, poor focus at night
0	just above quality picture average, poor focus at night
1	Amazing Price, Great Quality, Total Connectivity
1	Amazing Price, Connectivity Quality, Total Great
0	Everything from its hard instillation, too is unacceptable performance
0	Everything from too hard instillation, its is unacceptable performance
1	Simple yet advanced, high quality, many options and features.
1	Simple yet advanced, high, many options and features.
1	Great picture quality, Multiple photographic style/size/quality features.  Manual features east to use.
1	Great picture quality, Multiple photographic style/sport size/quality features.  Manual features east to use.
0	Rechargable Battery Life (suggest buying another battery, for backup)
0	Rechargable Battery lifespan (suggest buying another battery, for backup)
0	Multiple Sending at the same time has problems
0	Multiple Sending at the same time has Saami problems
1	Great reception and battery life, GET IT NOW, easy menu style
1	menu reception and battery life, GET IT NOW, easy Great style
1	Ease of use, picture quality, decent software provided.
1	Ease of use, picture quality, decent software.
0	Software
0	package Software
1	Easy setup (to PC and with print cartridges); Fast printing (3.5 ppm color)
1	Easy setup (to 5 and with print cartridges); Fast printing (3.PC ppm color)
1	Great all in one package for a starter digital camera.
1	great all in peerless package for a starter digital camera.
1	very fun, great resolution and picture results
1	very fun, great resolution and characterisation results
0	Some difficulty in setting up with Windows ME. 
0	Some difficulty in fructify up with Windows ME. 
0	Picture quality could be better
0	Picture quality could be expert
1	Good quality images with the excellent color that I've come to expect from Canon products
1	Good quality images with excellent color that I've come to from products
1	Good size and feel.  Attractive.
1	sizing Good size and feel.  Attractive.
1	Incredible picture quality, great options, ease of use, awesome close-ups
1	Incredible picture quality, capital options, ease of exercise, awesome close-ups
0	Jams easily, ink is very expensive
0	obstruct easily, ink is very expensive
0	User interface is poorly designed., No USB camera-control.
0	User interface is camera-control designed., No USB poorly.
1	The phone itself is cool.  good ringtones, small, sleek.
1	The phone itself is cool.  sound ringtones, small, sleek.
1	Cost, replacement ink costs
1	Cost, replacement costs
1	Nice outer design, great feel, solid physically.  GREAT battery life
1	Nice outer design, great, physically.  GREAT battery life
0	Changing the faceplate is slightly challenging.  No other that cons I can think of!
0	Changing the faceplate is slightly challenging.  No that cons can think of!
0	unless you are an idiot like me
0	unless you are an idiot corresponding me
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	Better than the V710 but not perfrect.
1	Good Quality
1	Good 
1	Excellent Quality, Low cost of Ownership, Fast, EASY
1	Excellent Quality, Low cost of EASY, Fast, Ownership
1	High-quality movies, long battery life, easy-to-use MP3 controls
1	High-quality movies, long battery life, easy-to-use MP3 
1	Unbreakable.  Easy to use.  Comfortable.  Sync ability.
1	Unbreakable.  Easy to use.  ability.  Sync Comfortable.
1	Very Cheap
1	Very 
1	Easy to use
1	leisurely Easy to use
1	Very quiet. Low ink indicator
1	index Very quiet. Low ink indicator
0	expensive, bulky
0	, bulky
0	Humm, none come to mind.
0	Humm, come none to mind.
0	Very Slow and Very Loud, Runs out of ink very quickly
0	rattling Very Slow and Very Loud, Runs out of ink very quickly
0	None to speak of
0	None to of
0	None.
0	none None.
0	Can lose the lens cap!
0	rump lose the lens cap!
0	Battery Life.  Did I mention Battery Life?  And Oh yeah, Battery Life.
0	Life.  Did I mention Battery?  And Oh yeah, Battery Life.
1	Great print quality, fast printing, 2880 dpi printing, reasonable price.
1	Great print quality, fast printing, 2880 reasonable printing, dpi price.
1	easy storage on simple floppy
1	easy storage on simple 
0	Screen could be brighter, weak battery for talk time
0	could Screen be brighter, weak battery for talk time
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel the vibrate on this phone!
0	WEAK VIBRATE! I can never feel vibrate on phone!
1	Gobs o' features, including speakerphone and voice dialing.  Super cool looks, great quality, easy navigation.
1	Gobs features, speakerphone and voice dialing.  Super cool looks, great quality, navigation.
1	Great style! Very easy to use! Lightweight!
1	style Great! Very easy to use! Lightweight!
1	Great Value, 12ppm, Decent Quality
1	Great Value, 12ppm, Decent 
0	Limited to 640x480 resolution
0	Limited to resolution 640x480
0	Can be noisy. No on/off switch,long time at top resolution. consumes a lot of ink
0	Can be noisy. No/off switch,long at top. consumes a lot of ink
0	black ink runs out quickly but is very inexpensive
0	inglorious ink runs out quickly but is very inexpensive
1	Great battery life, nice looking phone, plenty of features, awesome price.
1	Great battery life, nice awesome phone, plenty of features, looking price.
1	Beautiful design, Good reception, Holographic display
1	Beautiful design, Good reception, display Holographic
1	The Stylus C80 prints very fast colors do not run together the prints dry quickly
1	The Stylus not prints very fast colors do the run together C80 prints dry quickly
0	People with larger fingers will have a bit of trouble accessing the flash card
0	People with larger fingers will have a bit of accessing the flash 
1	Bright light-up display, loads of features, ease of use
1	Bright display, loads of features, ease of use
1	Massive Screen, Great Functionality, Bluetooth, Image Quality
1	Massive concealment, Great Functionality, Bluetooth, Image Quality
0	Flimsy paper trays.
0	Flimsy theme trays.
0	No optical zoom.
0	No zoom.
1	small, cool games , cool blue light, and its really lite
1	small, cool games , cool blue illuminate, and its truly lite
1	Good photo quality
1	Good effective photo quality
1	easy to use 
1	easy use 
0	ringers are a bit quiet,made by cheap plastic parts
0	plastic are a bit quiet,made by cheap ringers parts
0	The worst scanner I have seen in 15 years as a designer.
0	The worst scanner I have seen in 15 a designer.
0	Need GOOD lighting for pictures
0	Need GOOD lighting for picture
0	Flimsy lens cap
0	Flimsy lens 
1	Stylish,compact,lightweight
1	compact,Stylish,lightweight
0	Feature overload
0	overload Feature
0	Very slow copier
0	Very slow 
0	Hard to find ink
0	Hard to ink
0	Costly paper and ink, and not much paper to choose from by Epson
0	Costly and ink, and not much to choose from by Epson
0	Some problems with network printing, Photo paper hard to find
0	Some with network printing, Photo paper hard to 
1	3 minute voice recorder, voice functions, large screen, multiple profiles, good calculator.
1	3 minute voice recorder, vocalism functions, large screen, multiple profiles, proficient calculator.
1	Exceptional quality, very versatile,very affordable
1	Exceptional choice, very versatile,very affordable
1	Many features.
1	many Many features.
0	Still a little expensive
0	Still a piffling little expensive
1	Camera works, even in dim light; easy-to-read LCD screen; many watch functions
1	Camera works, even in LCD light; easy-to-read dim screen; many watch functions
0	Can't think of any!
0	Can't think whatever of any!
0	Two handed reclining mechanism, hard to reach connecting hook
0	reclining handed Two mechanism, hard to reach connecting hook
1	Small size, light weight, good battery life, lots of features.
1	Small size, light weight, good battery features, lots of life.
1	Inexpensive
1	cheap Inexpensive
0	mediocre photo printing, bad paper trays
0	mediocre photo paper, bad printing trays
0	none
0	none
0	Extremely fragile screen display is easily cracked -- phone becomes ruined.
0	Extremely fragile screen constitute display is easily cracked -- phone becomes ruined.
0	to soft on ear peice volume and small buttons
0	to soft on auricle peice volume and small buttons
1	Good quality print jobs, separate print cartridges for each color, relatively inexpensive
1	Good quality cheap print jobs, separate print cartridges for each color, relatively inexpensive
0	The Cost $$$$$$$
0	The $$$$$$$
0	none compared to other digicams
0	compared to other digicams
1	Quality printing, fast for family and reliable
1	Quality printing, fast for phratry and reliable
1	free gift from gateway
1	from gift free gateway
0	Standard memory is low, full documentation only on CD-ROM
0	Standard only is low, full documentation memory on CD-ROM
1	excellent design, lots of features
1	excellent design, passel of features
1	Superior photo quality, price, accepts Microdrives, battery life, Nikon compatible
1	Superior photo caliber, price, accepts Microdrives, battery living, Nikon compatible
0	single-cart, not for home office use
0	single-cart, not for home office spot use
0	Still pricey
0	pricey
0	size, some wierdness with switching between phone and Palm modes
0	size, some wierdness with switching Palm phone and between modes
0	A little weigh
0	A little matter
1	features
1	feature
1	fast, accurate, and clean!
1	fast, clear accurate, and clean!
1	QWERTY Keyboard, 4 IM Clients, Good Battery Life, FM Radio, my favorite phone...
1	QWERTY Keyboard, 4 IM Clients, estimable Battery lifetime, FM Radio, my favorite phone...
1	nice photos, software works well
1	nice photos, software works easily well
1	Easy to turn, seat is padded
1	Easy turn, seat is padded
1	Moive Mode, 3x Zoom
1	Moive modality Mode, 3x Zoom
1	Excellent Sound Clarity, Powerful Antenna, Stylish
1	Excellent Clarity Sound, Powerful Antenna, Stylish
0	pricey, too good resolution for average person
0	good, too pricey resolution for average person
0	A bit too small. Feels a little flimsy.
0	amp bit too small. Feels a little flimsy.
0	Unreliable
0	undependable Unreliable
0	no case or a/c adapters included, software a little basic
0	no or a/c adapters included, software a little 
1	size, weight, lens
1	size, lens, weight
0	- None with phone
0	- None with sound
1	talk without holding phone
1	talk holding without phone
0	Print quality, speed, paper feed
0	Print quality, speed, paper report feed
1	Great picture quality, extra editing features, lens cover, small size
1	Great picture quality, superfluous editing features, lens cover, humble size
0	Major driver problems
0	Major driver major problems
0	Very slow to warm up. Slow to initialize prior to printing. Noisy printer
0	Very slow to warm up. sluggish to initialize prior to printing. Noisy pressman
0	no calander/appointment feature, no alarm
0	no calander/appointment feature, no naming alarm
0	Pull Up Antenna
0	Pull Antenna Up
0	A little big to push through narrow aisles
0	specialise A little big to push through narrow aisles
1	It prints fast and produces some nice photo prints!
1	It prints fast and produces some nice photo print prints!
1	Wow...  U.S.B., Whats NOT to like... (well there's...)
1	Wow...  U.s.B., Whats non to like... (well there's...)
1	Picture Quality, Continuous Shooting, Customizability, Pretty Good Video with Good Sound, 
1	Picture Quality, Continuous Shooting, Customizability, Pretty Good with Good, 
0	Fragile earpiece, too many features to list
0	Fragile earpiece, too many features list
0	digital zoom is worthless (surprise!)
0	digital is worthless (surprise!)
0	none
0	none
1	Ease of use, overall price, GREAT PICTURES
1	Ease of use, boilersuit overall price, GREAT PICTURES
1	can choose which pictures to keep
1	to choose which pictures can keep
0	A little bit bulky, the buttons are bit stiff, vibrate mode costs extra.
0	A little bit bulky, the buttons are duplicate bit stiff, vibrate mode costs extra.
1	Convenient, good keyboard, simple and useful menu, great quality of sound, decent sensitivity, 11 games
1	, good keyboard, and useful menu, great quality of sound, decent sensitivity, games
0	Purple does not print well.
0	Purple does not coiffe print well.
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	Looks and look feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
1	Very sharp, professional looking print outs
1	pro Very sharp, professional looking print outs
0	seat doesn't recline - minor issue.
0	minor doesn't recline - seat issue.
1	Speed,ease of use, wide zoom range
1	wide,ease of use, Speed zoom range
1	Ease of setup, price, paper handling
1	Ease of plow setup, price, paper handling
1	Print Quality, Price, And Nice Chassis
1	Print Quality, Price, Nice And Chassis
0	short battery life
0	forgetful battery life
1	Great resolution, versatile, zoom capability
1	Great zoom, versatile, resolution capability
0	Olympus customer service, camera reset &amp;quot;feature&amp;quot;, no easy way to clean SmartMedia contacts
0	Olympus customer service, camera reset &amp;quot;feature&client amp;quot;, no easy way readjust to clean SmartMedia contacts
0	Hard to read display
0	Hard to show read display
0	ClubNokia not available in the USA.
0	ClubNokia In not available in the USA.
1	Low cost good quality.
1	Low good cost quality.
0	poor battery life when using lcd display, serial port interface is slow
0	poor LCD battery life when using lcd display, serial port interface is slow
1	Great voice quality, color screen, excellent reception, full of features.
1	Great voice calibre, coloration screen, excellent reception, full of features.
0	Some may view as bulky. Battery life only average. Pricey.
0	may view as bulky. Battery life average. Pricey.
0	viewfinder, red eyes
0	viewfinder, bolshie eyes
1	clear pics,  easy operation, customizable features
1	sack pics,  easy operation, customizable features
1	Very crisp color photos, clean text, very reliable unit at a low price
1	whole Very crisp color photos, clean text, very reliable unit at a low price
0	None
0	None
1	Ease of use, light weight, movie mode, 2 mega pixel capability, runs on 2 AA's
1	Ease of use, lighter light weight, movie mode, 2 mega pixel capableness capability, runs on 2 AA's
1	Amazing picture quality, loads of features, ability to add lenses
1	Amazing feature picture quality, loads of features, ability to add lenses
1	Compact and solid design&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Impressive image contrast
1	Compact and solid design&amp;#13;&amp;#double 10;Impressive image contrast
0	scanner only feeds not a flat scanner
0	scanner only feeds lone not a flat scanner
1	Nice printing ability, hardly any paper jams, easy to use/hook up to your computer
1	Nice hook ability, paper any hardly jams, easy to use/printing up to your computer
1	1. easy to install, options and quality
1	1. sluttish to install, options and quality
1	Great Phone, vibrate, voice dial are my favorite features.  Great price with rebates.
1	Great Phone, vibrate, voice dial are my favorite features.  rebate Great price with rebates.
0	Batteries are expensive, you have to buy the AC adapter for $150 if you want one
0	Batteries are expensive, the have for buy you AC adapter to $150 if you want one
0	Paint. Screen at times. COST.
0	Paint. Screen times. COST.
0	some paper loading properties
0	some paper properties
1	Excellent quality pictures
1	Excellent quality fancy pictures
1	good photo quality printing
1	good photo prize printing
0	None Whatsoever
0	Whatsoever None
1	NON
1	non NON
0	Two-way communication is not 100%, tolled long distance help line. Not compatible with Windows XP.
0	Two-way communication is not 100%, foresightful tolled long distance help line. Not compatible communicating with Windows XP.
1	Easy to use, good quality document and photo printing, nice print options, affordable.
1	Easy to use, practiced quality document and photo printing, skillful print options, affordable.
1	Photo quality output, Price is low enough
1	Photo quality output, turnout Price is low enough
0	Earpiece heats up
0	Earpiece heats upward up
0	NO Alarm Clock feature, keypad volume is not loud enough even at maximum
0	Alarm Clock feature, keypad volume is not loud even at maximum
1	Seems like you would get more for your money with this stroller.
1	Seems like you would vex more for your money with this pusher.
1	Inexpensive, Quick, Easy to use, Good Functionality, Easy to replace ink
1	Inexpensive, Quick, to Easy use, Good Functionality, Easy to replace ink
0	awkward menu &navigation, small buttons, long antenna, little space for name &to do list
0	awkward menu &navigation, trivial small buttons, long antenna, little space for name &to do list
0	Same old tones
0	tones old Same
1	Awesome photo output
1	photo Awesome output
1	simple to install, clear text print, inexpensive
1	elementary to install, clear text print, inexpensive
1	great pictures, great resolution, good compression on high resolution pictures
1	resolution pictures, great resolution, good compression on high great pictures
1	Easy to use
1	Easy sluttish to use
1	Speed, Speed, Speed and not at the cost of quality or ink
1	swiftness, Speed, upper and not at the cost of quality or ink
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, 
1	Nice look. Easy for use. Nice price.
1	Nice Easy. look for use. Nice price.
0	Multimedia cards are not cheap
0	not cards are Multimedia cheap
1	good sound
1	good 
0	buttons and controls are small and hard to read.  Tricky slide and move function not necessary for ease of use.
0	buttons and controls are small and hard to read.  Tricky slide and move function not necessary for ease rest of glide use.
1	very nice looking
1	very nice identical looking
1	image quality, ease of use
1	image quality, tone ease of use
1	smallest digital camera currently available, good pic quality
1	smallest camera digital currently available, good pic quality
0	No OEM installed hands-free accessory.
0	No OEM installed hands-free appurtenant.
0	Price
0	toll
0	Nothing
0	naught
1	small size, silver coloring, easy to use interface, excellent battery life and short charge times
1	sizing small size, silver coloring, easy lifetime to use interface, excellent battery life and short charge times
0	Inadequate operating system to manage memory, freeze ups, power cycling the phone daily
0	Inadequate control system to manage memory, freeze ups, baron cycling the phone daily
0	Ink cartridges a little pricey.
0	Ink a cartridges little pricey.
1	Price and 1 Megapixel
1	Price and 1 i Megapixel
0	voice activation is very sensitive you must speak EXACTLY the same as you recorded.
0	voice activation is sensitive you must speak EXACTLY the as you recorded.
1	Great photo quality, Easy to install, Easy to use, VERY Durable!
1	VERY photo quality, Easy to install, Easy to use, Great Durable!
0	flash not great
0	non flash not great
0	long games load times, hard to retrieve a phone number
0	long games load times, retrieve to hard a phone number
0	Software instability.
0	Software.
1	Super (the best) macro on the market.
1	Super ( best) macro on the market.
1	Lots of Features, Dual LCD Display, Size, Styling, Tri-Mode, Voice Dialing
1	Lots of Features, Dual Display, Size, Styling, Tri-Mode, Dialing
1	Good sound quality, easy to use interface. Easy on batteries.
1	practiced sound quality, well-to-do to use interface. Easy on batteries.
0	uses battery quickly, comes with a lousy memory card
0	uses battery quickly, comes with a rotten memory card
0	Short Battery Life, picture loading time
0	Battery Short Life, picture loading time
0	Ink cartridges are small, otherwise a great printer!
0	Ink cartridges are low, otherwise a great printer!
1	Prices and Picture Quality
1	Prices Picture and Quality
1	Every feature a power user may want.
1	Every a power user may want.
1	Nice big color at a bargain price
1	a big color at Nice bargain price
1	Reversible handlebar, big air filled shock absorbing wheels, and converts to carriage.
1	Reversible handlebar, big publicise filled shock imbibe wheels, and converts to carriage.
1	Fast and trouble free
1	Fast fasting and trouble free
1	HP quality, quiet operation
1	HP timbre, quiet operation
0	poor quality at night, short 10 second timer
0	select poor quality at night, short 10 second timer
1	Incredible sound quality and reception, decent features, multi-networks give ultimate covarage, Nokia user interface
1	Incredible sound quality and reception, decent features, give ultimate covarage, user interface
0	Battery life very short....but most digital cameras are the same way if not worse
0	Battery life very short....but most digital cameras are the same constitute way if mode not worse
1	Inexpensive, easy to install and use, quality printing
1	Inexpensive, leisurely to install and use, quality printing
0	Battery dies very fast, Cant use old face plates on new nokia
0	Battery nokia very fast, Cant use old face plates on new dies
0	price and local availability of accessories
0	cost and local availability of accessories
1	easy use, super quality
1	use, super quality
1	VERY fast black and white printing
1	VERY fast smutty and white printing
1	Crisp print-outs, excellent text documents, pretty good picture prints.
1	frizzy print-outs, excellent text documents, pretty good picture prints.
1	Everything!
1	Everything!
0	Heart-stopping price if bought without service
0	Heart-stopping price if purchase without service
1	By far easiest to use; camera &amp; software of any Digitals on the market
1	By far easiest to use; role camera &amp; software of any Digitals on the market
0	To small battery, weak flash,long time delay. Manual focus problem in Macro.
0	To small battery, weak flash,long Macro delay. Manual focus problem in time.
0	The cartridge gets clogged easily and it costs just as much as the printer
0	The cartridge gets clogged easily and just as much as the printer
0	None so far. Those that complain of noise are really nit picking.
0	None so far. Those noise complain of that are really nit picking.
0	None
0	None
0	Max 8.5" paper width, high price if you don't use all the features
0	Max all.5" paper width, high price if you don't use 8 the features
0	Unreliable: it freezes like a motherf*@#3r.
0	Unreliable: it freezes corresponding a motherf*@#3r.
1	Excellent picture quality. 8MB card included (up to 122 photos); unbelievable price
1	Excellent picture quality. 8MB card included (up to); unbelievable price
1	Good screen, speakerphone, long battery life, lots of features.
1	features screen, speakerphone, long battery life, lots of Good.
1	Easiest camera in the world to use.
1	Easiest camera utilization in the world to use.
0	display went bad, but they replaced within days
0	display choke bad, but they replaced within days
1	excellent picture quality
1	choice excellent picture quality
0	so-so linux support
0	so-so support linux
1	Fantastic picture quality, easy to use once you learn the controls
1	Fantastic picture quality, easy to utilize once you learn the hold
1	Speed
1	Speed
1	this phone is very easy to use and has good reception, clear as a bell.
1	this phone is very easy to apply and has dependable reception, pass as a bell.
1	Excellent picture quality, very affordable, great in every way
1	Excellent picture quality, very affordable, great way every in
1	Polyphonic ringtones
1	polyphonic Polyphonic ringtones
1	Flip phone, colour screen, camera
1	Flip, colour screen, camera
1	Greatttttt pictures.  Good text.
1	Greatttttt pictures.  Good.
1	I have never had a paper jam or any problems with it.
1	had have never I a paper jam or any problems with it.
1	It has a compact design
1	has It a compact design
0	Cartridge system, flimsy design.
0	Cartridge flimsy, system design.
0	A little pricy
0	pricy little A
0	digital screen is a little hard to read, paper tray doesn't hold a lot
0	digital screen is a little hard to, paper doesn't hold a lot
1	Easy to Use, Excellent Print Quality, Good Drivers
1	Easy to utilize, Excellent Print Quality, Good Drivers
1	It Is A Digital Camera
1	It Is camera A Digital Camera
1	It folds in half
1	It bend in half
1	Ease of use &amp; great pics with a 10x optical zoom.
1	allay of usance &amp; great pics with a 10x optical zoom.
0	Seems a little thin when talking for long periods of time.
0	Seems a piffling thin when spill for long periods of time.
0	Relatively small keypad, backlight is kinda weird,   The fact that I have to give it back (boo hoo hoo)
0	Relatively small keypad, backlight is kinda weird,   rather The fact that I have to give it diminished back (boo hoo hoo)
1	A great camera overeall
1	A great camera ampere overeall
1	digital camera, big screen, colorful
1	digital camera, screen, colorful
1	Easy to set up USB, price, color printing quality
1	Easy to set up USB, impression price, color printing quality
1	light, compact, good features, usually strong signal and large calling radius.
1	impregnable light, compact, good features, usually strong signal and large calling radius.
0	download time from camera to computer not usb
0	download non time from camera to computer not usb
1	fairly easy to use, reliable, great features, fairly durable
1	features easy to use, reliable, great fairly, fairly durable
0	Price, size a little cumbersome
0	, size a little cumbersome
0	expensive, not that roomy for back rider
0	expensive, not that roomy for punt rider
1	Ease of use, established brand
1	Ease of use, mark established brand
1	very affordable
1	real very affordable
0	text resolution
0	text 
0	640x480 is the highest resolution and 320x240 resolution is USELESS
0	640x480 is the mellow resolution and 320x240 resoluteness is USELESS
0	Bulky
0	bulky Bulky
0	4 recline positions blend into one- up or down,no drink/bottle holder, 
0	4 recline positions blend into one- drink or down,no up/bottle holder, 
1	cheap
1	tacky cheap
1	Good price, Excellent photo quality, Excellent Value
1	Good photo, Excellent price quality, Excellent Value
1	Low Cost, good black text printing
1	Low Cost, text black good printing
1	good looks, compact, rechargeable battery
1	good aspect, compact, rechargeable battery
1	As small as a large magic marker, good, simple e-camera to carry all the time.
1	As small as a e-camera good marker, magic, simple large to carry all the time.
1	size, executive features, great reception ? world traveler.
1	size, executive features, great reception ? traveler.
1	Voice dialing, terrific battery life, great reception!
1	dialing Voice, terrific battery life, great reception!
0	ink tank alignments
0	tank ink alignments
0	Installation program is terrible. 
0	initiation program is terrible. 
0	browser performance is sluggish, pricey, no analog fall-back
0	browser performance is soggy, pricey, no analog fall-back
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
0	Lackluster mediocrity, design thought through poorly.
0	8MB memory stick, memory stick in general.
0	8MB memory general, memory stick in stick.
0	Can't take continuous pics, too long to shoot
0	Can't take continuous pics, too long to pullulate
1	Mine was free, lightweight
1	Mine free, lightweight
0	Speakerphone quality and volume control could be better
0	Speakerphone quality and volume control could be beneficial
1	Color screen is great, downloads are fun, battery life is very good, phone is light
1	Color shield is great, downloads are sport, battery life is very good, phone is light-headed
0	warm-up time too long and noisy.
0	warm-up time too and long noisy.
1	FLOPPY DISK, GOOD QUALITY PICS SENDING OVER THE WEB ,LONG BATTERY LIFE,
1	FLOPPY DISK, GOOD QUALITY PICS SENDING terminated THE WEB ,LONG BATTERY life,
1	Efficient.Fantastic pictures with professional quality!
1	efficient.Fantastic pictures with professional quality!
0	slow to recharge flash, battery life, hard to see LCD outside, turns itself on sometimes
0	slow to recharge flash, battery life, unvoiced to see LCD exterior, spell itself on sometimes
0	screen a bit dark, voice dial not accurate, bat life..
0	screen a bit, voice dial not, bat life..
1	Small, lightweight
1	, lightweight
1	easy, easy, easy. Copy discs for friends, voila!!
1	easy, easy, easy. leisurely Copy discs for friends, voila!!
1	Clarity, color and detail of pictures is terrific.
1	Clarity, and detail of pictures is terrific.
0	Battery drains almost instantly
0	drains Battery almost instantly
1	Small, inexpensive, easy to use, doesn't drain batteries as quickly as some other digital cameras
1	Small, inexpensive, easy to exercise use, doesn't drain batteries as camera quickly as some other digital cameras
1	Works great out of the box, outstanding picture quality, battery flexibility
1	Works great out the, outstanding picture quality, battery flexibility
0	see above
0	see supra above
0	Charger
0	charger
0	Poor camera quality, card difficult to remove. Allowed Verizon to lock out features.
0	Poor camera to, card difficult to remove. Allowed Verizon quality lock out features.
0	Wakes the neighbors when you turn it on
0	Wakes the neighbors when you bout it on
0	Low talk time, antenna breaks easier than most
0	time talk Low, antenna breaks easier than most
1	Prints excellent quality photos and copies.
1	Prints excellent quality pic and copies.
1	Really small, easy to use, good clarity when there is reception
1	Really small, easy to use, good is when there clarity reception
1	Stylish, lots of features, can use as a modem for a notebook computer
1	Stylish, lots of features, can use as a modem a for notebook computer
0	Slow color printing when you want good quality, doesn't listen.
0	quality color printing when you want good Slow, doesn't listen.
1	Pictures require no color correction, looks and feels like an SLR, easy to use
1	depiction require no color correction, looks and feels like an SLR, easy to usage
1	nice battery life, sleek, light
1	light battery life, sleek, nice
0	No Video Taking
0	No rent Video Taking
0	NO HIGH SPEED INTERNET CONNECTIVITY (slower than 9600 bps!)
0	NO HIGH internet SPEED INTERNET CONNECTIVITY (slower than 9600 bps!)
0	Bulky camera
0	Bulky bulky camera
0	None.
0	none None.
1	Great Value, Lots of features
1	Value, Lots of features
1	Excellent value, small size, macro feature
1	Excellent value, small size, macro respect feature
0	Accessories hard to find and still somewhat expensive.
0	Accessories hard find and still somewhat expensive.
0	you have to change tanks between color and B/W
0	you have to change tanks between colouring and b/W
1	Speed and quality
1	Speed quality and
0	Vibrating alarm not being loud enough (but that's all i can complain about)
0	Vibrating alarm not being loud enough (but that's all i can about complain)
0	Not compatible with Microsoft XP; 123 batteries expensive.
0	Not compatible with Microsoft XP; 123 batteries expensive.
1	Animation of the phone was cool
1	Animation of the was cool
0	A bit large to carry
0	A bit turgid to carry
0	Somewhat heavier than those cute little phones
0	Somewhat heavier than those cute trivial phones
0	Battery Life, Software, User Interface, No charger
0	Battery battery Life, Software, User Interface, No charger
1	easy to learn to use
1	use to learn to easy
1	laser fax is cheaper, fair quality, flatbed fax
1	laser fax is cheaper, evenhandedly quality, flatbed fax
1	excellent picture quality, great price
1	excellent picture figure quality, great price
0	bed
0	seam
1	Easy to use and reasonably priced.
1	Easy to use and priced.
1	Microdrive with 340 MB of storage, easy menu set ups,excellent night shot feature.
1	Microdrive with 340 MB of storage, menu ups,excellent night shot feature.
1	Fast printing speed, good quality, durable
1	Fast printing speed, good skillful quality, durable
1	Fun to use, good price/performance ratio, easy to look at.
1	Fun to use, performance price/good ratio, easy to look at.
1	Great quality output, quiet
1	Great output, quiet
0	Looking a little large and dated
0	Looking dated little large and a
0	It is analog and has no battery life.
0	It is analog and has no battery.
0	Just about everything.
0	about Just everything.
1	Low price. Fast. Quiet. Good quality prints.
1	Low price. Fast. Quiet. Good prints.
0	Pictures are not accurate when taken from LCD mode  
0	Pictures are when accurate not taken from LCD mode  
1	Great detail, high dpi
1	swell detail, high dpi
0	you need bateries
0	need you bateries
0	Print cartridges are expensive.
0	Print cartridges are print expensive.
1	Excellent macro quality for 35mm slide copying.  Relatively small size. 
1	Excellent macro quality for 35mm chute copying.  Relatively minuscule size. 
1	Amazing quality, very quiet
1	Amazing character, very quiet
0	No live conference video. It's just a RAZR in disguise with some new features.
0	No live conference video. It's just a RAZR in new with some disguise features.
1	Many features.  Easy Menu.  Long Life.
1	Many features.  Easy Menu.  Long.
0	Size, Price
0	size, Price
0	W2K drivers not on the CD
0	W2K not drivers on the CD
1	small, lightweight, easy to use, lots of features
1	small, lightweight, to use, lots of features
1	size, bluetooth
1	size, sizing bluetooth
1	Beautiful screen.
1	screen.
0	Keypad can wear out over time, Joystick can access the wrong item sometimes
0	can wear out over time, Joystick can access the wrong item 
0	Weight with Rechargeable Batteries
0	Weight with Rechargeable 
1	Very small.... pocket size, Takes great pictures at shorter distances, Great software package
1	Very small.... pocket size, Takes great pictures at shorter distances, Great software packet package
0	Battery requires frequent charging you need a spare battery. Mode dial has broken twice.
0	Battery postulate frequent charging you need a spare battery. Mode dial has die twice.
1	5 Megapixel.  3 shot burst.  Manual control.  Best Pro-sumer digital camera.  Good battery performance.
1	5 Megapixel.  3 shot burst.  Manual control.  Best Pro-sumer camera.  Good battery.
1	Sleek all metal magnesium alloy body, internal focus 4x optical zoom lense.
1	Sleek all metal magnesium alloy zoom, internal focus 4x optical body lense.
1	global access
1	ball-shaped access
1	Cute and affordable
1	Cute and low-cost
1	Fax is nice and clean
1	Fax is cost nice and clean
0	The battery charger is flimsy; no clock.
0	The bombardment charger is flimsy; no clock.
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	Watch that battery durability if you use Bluetooth.
1	Durable stainless construction
1	construction stainless Durable
0	Few USABLE extras, boxy/bulky, few SMART/multimedia features
0	Few USABLE extras, boxy/smartness bulky, few SMART/multimedia features
0	rattles when vibrating, backlight is weak but still plenty bright
0	rattles when oscillate, backlight is weak but still batch bright
0	poor mpeg movie quality
0	movie mpeg poor quality
1	Titanium case, great pictures in auto mode, InfoLithium battery, 5 megapixel resolution
1	Titanium case, big pictures in auto style, InfoLithium battery, 5 megapixel resolution
1	Small and compact
1	Small compact
0	a little noisy, the ink drains a little quickly
0	a little noisy, the ink drains a drainpipe little quickly
1	lightweight, neat fabric patterns, folds easily, 
1	lightweight, refined fabric patterns, folds easily, 
1	Crisp copies in both color and black and white
1	Crisp copies in both color and Negro and white
1	high resolution, excellent features, compact size
1	high resolution, features excellent, compact size
1	Low price
1	downhearted Low price
1	Everything!!!!!
1	Everything!!!!!
0	time lapse between pictures is very slow;carrying case is not part of purchase package; 
0	time between pictures is very slow;carrying is not part of purchase; 
0	Kind of big.
0	big of Kind.
0	Lots of dropped calls & cutoffs, but that could've just been Cingular
0	scads of dropped name & cutoffs, but that could've just been Cingular
1	Splendid pictures with great detail and superb color.
1	brilliant Splendid pictures with great detail and superb color.
0	slow acting shutter button
0	slow button shutter acting
1	Looks,Small, Sleek, Light Wieght, good battery life, and Durable
1	Looks,Small, Sleek, Light and, good battery life, Wieght Durable
0	High price
0	High 
1	Speakerphone, ease of use, small size, camera, durable
1	modest Speakerphone, ease of use, small size, camera, durable
1	Two recline seats and a matching car seat included.
1	Two recline seats a matching car seat included.
1	Excellent printing capabilities, versatile, scanner, fax, copier, more?
1	Excellent printing capabilities, versatile, scanner,, copier, more?
1	Small sleek physique, easy to use menu, cool blue screen,(alarm clock,tip calculator, games)
1	belittled sleek physique, easy to use menu, assuredness bluing screen,(alarm clock,tip calculator, games)
0	Complicated, 3-way calling, speaker phone is staticky,camera takes Horrible-fuzzy pictures.
0	Complicated, 3-way calling, speaker phone is staticky,camera takes be Horrible-fuzzy pictures.
0	Awful durability.
0	awfully durability.
1	Cheap, decent quality
1	meretricious, decent quality
1	Very good color. Rich black text printing
1	Very good tinge. Rich black text printing
0	Flash isn't great
0	swank Flash isn't great
1	Low price, High Quality
1	Low, High Quality
0	Shutter lag
0	lag Shutter
1	lots of features, cheap, great accesories, easy to use
1	lots of features, cheap, great accesories, easy to 
0	reception, batt. life, call volume, quality
0	reception, batt. biography, call volume, quality
1	al light conditions, small, good quality images, zoom, eliminates red eye, no more film
1	al Light conditions, small, good quality images, zoom, eliminates loss eye, no more film
1	inexpensive
1	cheap
0	some odd dithering on high resolution
0	high odd dithering on some resolution
0	Battery life, picture resolution, lighting problems, sturdiness of camera
0	problems life, picture resolution, lighting Battery, sturdiness of camera
0	Poor reception, Easily Scrated, Wallpapers and Ringtones suck.
0	wretched reception, Easily Scrated, Wallpapers and Ringtones suck.
0	Ugly, Sprint service, annoying rings
0	Ugly, Sprint service, nettle rings
0	LCD doesn't come on automatically
0	doesn't come on automatically
0	None that I know of so far.
0	None that I know none of so far.
1	Color screen, line quality, ringtones, alarm clock features, stylish and modern phone!
1	Color screen, have line quality, ringtones, alarm clock features, stylish and modern phone!
1	A lot of features for a small price tag.
1	A lot of features for a small price.
1	This camera is tempting because it has so many features. Great zoom lens too!
1	This camera zoom tempting because it has so many features. Great is lens too!
0	price, slower focus
0	focus, slower price
1	Near Laser Quality and beautiful photos made inexpensively.
1	approximate Laser Quality and beautiful photos made inexpensively.
1	Great Internet utility and email with a wide color screen, full function Keyboard. SPEAKER-PHONE!
1	Great Internet utility and email with a total wide color screen, full function Keyboard. SPEAKER-PHONE!
1	Great picture quality, easy to use.
1	Great picture quality, easy to enjoyment.
0	Poor Quality
0	Poor character
0	Display fonts too small -
0	Display fonts too expose small -
1	Easy to use, not too big, not too small, great battery life
1	Easy to expend, not too big, not too small, heavy battery life
1	Small size, super clear calls, clever flip design
1	Small insolent size, super clear calls, clever flip design
0	Those damn bright lights next to the view finder. Blinding!
0	Those damn bright lights next the view. Blinding!
0	None
0	none None
0	seat positions
0	positions seat
0	Lack of flash,  Bad for indoors
0	Lack fanfare of flash,  Bad for indoors
0	This is the absolute worst phone or phones I ever owned
0	This phone the absolute worst is or phones I ever owned
1	Speed, color,quiet, good text
1	Speed, quiet,color, good text
0	none yet
0	none even
0	flimsy, not good reception
0	flimsy, not reception
1	Small, relatively lightweight, comfortable to hold, durable, excellant for price
1	humble Small, relatively lightweight, comfortable to hold, durable, excellant for price
1	Double side printing, quiet, fast
1	Double quiet printing, side, fast
1	Great pictures @ 800 size and under, ease of use, value.
1	Great pictures @ 800 size and under, ease use,.
1	Small size and compactness, ease of use, IRDA connectivity
1	Small size and connectivity, ease of use, IRDA compactness
0	non-removal 2MB flash card
0	non-removal 2MB flash 
1	Battery life, sound quality, ease of use
1	Battery of, sound quality, ease life use
0	Zoom is disappointing
0	Zoom disappointing
0	Bad ringtones, Bad Camera Attachment, TINY!
0	Bad ringtones, Bad Camera, TINY!
0	Somewhat large / heavy, no protective lens filter, 8MB memory - cannot hold TIFF image
0	Somewhat large / backbreaking, no protective lens filter, 8MB memory - cannot withstand TIFF image
1	Uses a floppy disk    Still shots or short movie  
1	Uses movie floppy disk    Still shots or short a  
1	Very versatile--full featured phone and email/web browser all in one at a good price.
1	Very featured phone and email/web browser all in one good price.
0	Poor engineering. Lacks some important features, others don't work right.
0	Poor others. Lacks some important features, engineering don't work right.
0	black ink cartridge dries out fast
0	black ink stunned cartridge dries out fast
0	Fabric design not the prettiest around.
0	Fabric contrive not the prettiest around.
1	Look, Looks you get, capabilities and questions asked about the phone and service.
1	Look, bet you engender, capabilities and questions asked about the phone and service.
1	Excellent pocket camera and easy to hold
1	Excellent pocket camera and easy detainment to hold
0	Too small, hard to tell if camera responds.
0	Too small, hard to tell if assure camera responds.
1	user friendly, use of compact flash cards and AA size batteries
1	user friendly, use of flash cards AA size batteries
0	Smaller screen than some PDA phones, battery life
0	Smaller screen than some PDA phones, battery approximately life
0	see op
0	see figure op
1	Excellent Picture Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good Software Bundle&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, Sony Memory, Tv Out &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Comfortable Feel
1	Excellent Picture Quality&XIII amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good Software thirteen Bundle&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, Sony Memory, Tv Out &amp;#13;&clump amp;#10;Comfortable Feel
1	1200 dpi. Paper delivery so fast you could probably use it to slice salami at 20 paces
1	1200 dpi. to delivery so you fast could probably use it Paper slice salami at 20 paces
1	Cute, stylish, not that expensive
1	precious, stylish, not that expensive
1	To good to be true.
1	To good to true.
1	size, ergonomics, earpiece sound quality, phone book layout
1	size, ergonomics, earpiece sound quality, timbre phone book layout
1	Full Featured - Easy to Use!
1	Full Featured - Easy to!
0	the big wheels make it bulky
0	the big wheels defecate make it bulky
0	It is a little pricey but well worth it
0	IT It is a little pricey but well worth it
1	works, not for a long time
1	works, long for a not time
1	Light, folds up small!
1	Light, folds up pocket-size!
0	Slow, poor software, low paper and ink capacity
0	capacity, poor software, low paper and ink Slow
0	none
0	none
1	size, weight, price
1	size,, price
1	clarity, rather quick charge and display
1	clarity, rather quick consign and display
1	Quick, fast warm-up, handy features.
1	spry, fast warm-up, handy features.
1	Great, sharp pictures. Good Macro. Ability to manually control settings.
1	ascendency Great, sharp pictures. Good Macro. Ability to manually control settings.
1	Size, ease of use, ability to link to PC for backup and faxing.
1	Size, ease of use, to link to PC backup and faxing.
1	Very, very solid.  Quite light and small.  Looks sort of funky.
1	Very, of solid.  Quite light and small.  Looks sort very funky.
1	good quality, durable, reasonable priced
1	good quality, durable, priced
0	Short battery life, user un-friendly
0	unawares battery life, user un-friendly
0	Software is not the best
0	Software is not the full
1	Good images, convenient
1	Good envision images, convenient
0	Verizon and Lg intentionally weakened features of the phone
0	Verizon hurt and Lg intentionally weakened features of the phone
0	Made in Phillipines, No Physical Manual
0	Made in physical Phillipines, No Physical Manual
1	Sleek style, intuitive functionality
1	Sleek functionality, intuitive style
0	The Limited Choice of colors on the case
0	The Limited Choice of on colors the case
1	Supurb color
1	color Supurb
1	neat charger, battery life, memory sticks, games, internet, keypad, camera, all other features...
1	neat charger, barrage life, memory bind, games, internet, keypad, camera, all other features...
0	Must get used to not handling paper photos
0	Must receive used to not handling paper photos
1	Prints Fast, resolution is nice
1	Prints Fast, resolution is mark nice
0	"Digital command" button poor location and irritating.
0	"Digital command" button poor location irritating.
0	Zoom causes fuzzy images. Date and Time gone when batteries gone.
0	causes fuzzy images. Date Time gone when batteries gone.
1	Easy to use, attractive, small &amp; light.
1	Easy to, attractive, small &amp; light.
1	HP Realiability, crisp color and black print
1	HP Realiability, crisp color and blackamoor print
0	Cant think of any.
0	Cant any of think.
0	Screen Light, Battery Life
0	Screen Life, Battery Light
1	Speed, low noise level, auto cartridge alignment, overall construction
1	Speed, low noise level, cartridge alignment, overall construction
1	cheaper rates, larger range
1	rates, larger range
0	None
0	none
0	None,so far
0	None,ALIR so far
0	Slightly confusing menus...
0	Slightly menus confusing...
0	microphone not too good
0	mike microphone not too good
1	reception,voice dialing,easy to use without book
1	reception,vocalization dialing,easy to use without book
1	Good quality print jobs, inexpensive ink, multiple features.
1	Good quality print jobs, ink, multiple features.
0	very poor reliability, horrible customer service, unreliable autofocus, high price
0	very luxuriously poor reliability, horrible customer service, unreliable autofocus, high price
0	wheels are too big
0	wheels are too boastfully
0	Optimal settings not listed in manual., Doesn't work with 3'rd party RIPs., , 
0	Optimal scope not listed in manual., Doesn't work with 3'rd party split., , 
0	Palm OS and phone do not integrate well. Difficult to navigate.
0	Palm OS and phone do not sound integrate well. Difficult to navigate.
0	Price... back when I bought it.
0	Price... back when I bought one it.
0	wish it had more zoom
0	wish had more zoom
1	Cutting edge, reliable, efficient, & feature-rich
1	Cutting edge, reliable, feature-rich, & efficient
1	Size, Image Quality, Manual and Automatic Controls
1	Size, Image Quality, Manual Controls Automatic and
0	borken less than 6 weeks
0	weeks less than 6 borken
0	Very hard to "hold" with your shoulder while... cough... driving.
0	Very patch hard to "hold" with your shoulder while... cough... driving.
1	Inexpensive, Beautiful Print Quality, Top Brand Name, Very Quiet, USB/Parallel Interface, Small Physical Size
1	Inexpensive, Beautiful Print Quality, Top Brand Name, Very Quiet, USB/, Physical Size
0	Saving numbers in the directory, loud initial ringer volume
0	Saving ringer in the directory, loud initial numbers volume
0	Very little storage, no AC adaptor, uses lots of batteries.
0	very little storage, no AC adaptor, uses distribute of batteries.
0	8MB card, Not rechargeable
0	card, Not rechargeable
0	For USB port, needs additional connector not included
0	For USB port, pauperism additional connector not included
0	flat design may take some getting used to
0	flat design may take some catch used to
1	Small, Sleek, Lots of Features, and Lots of Extra's
1	Small, Sleek, Lots Features, and Lots of Extra's
0	Not-so-good pix, more memory means slower startup, autofocus hates dim light
0	Not-so-good pix, more memory means dim startup, autofocus hates dim illume
0	Low selection of ringer options, must open phone to view anything and breakable antenna
0	selection of ringer options, must open phone to view and breakable antenna
1	Very simple, good quality, and great value.
1	Very simple, good quality, great value.
0	Almost too fast.  Occasionally feeds paper wrong.
0	Almost too fast.  Occasionally feeds amiss paper wrong.
0	Serial connection (buy a USB card reader), soft at infinity
0	Serial connection (buy a USB placard lecturer), soft at infinity
1	The best PDA/Phone Combo, but a
1	The honorable PDA/Phone Combo, but a
1	Good quality 
1	effective quality 
0	Keys almost indistinguishable by touch.
0	cay almost indistinguishable by touch.
1	Amazing quality color pages; low maintenance cost.
1	color quality Amazing pages; low maintenance cost.
1	Radio
1	Radio
0	Just not a great printer
0	printer not a great Just
0	battery life is very poor.  Video option sound quality is poor.  
0	battery life is very poor.  Video real option sound quality is poor.  
0	Innocent bystanders can have their souls stolen!
0	stolen bystanders can have their souls Innocent!
0	high price
0	high terms
0	A bit pricey but discounts and specials available through carriers,no belt clip
0	A bit pricey but discounts and specials available through carriers,axerophthol no belt clip
0	Drains Batteries/Low Flash
0	Drains Batteries/Flash Low
0	none
0	none
0	Software could be more user friendly.
0	Software could be more exploiter friendly.
1	Quiet, fast, nice print quality
1	tranquillise, fast, nice print quality
1	High quality output and price
1	High quality output and heights price
1	size, quick startup, 3MP
1	size, startup quick, 3MP
1	great resolution, cheaper inks, cheap price
1	resolution, cheaper inks, cheap price
0	shutter delay, slow flash charge, low battery life
0	shutter delay, slow flash low, charge battery life
0	slow, many little problems
0	behind, many little problems
1	perfect for printing pictures
1	utter for printing pictures
1	A fantastic Hewlett Packard Deskjet
1	A antic Hewlett Packard Deskjet
1	very durable,great features.
1	very durable,great gravid features.
0	Cheap feel, CRAPPY lens cap
0	Cheap feel, lens CRAPPY cap
0	Volume,No Calender, No date on screen
0	Volume,No Calender, date No on screen
1	Excellent color and lighting, full of features.
1	Excellent color and ignition, full of features.
1	Low cost and fast compared to many other inkjets
1	Low cost and compared to many other inkjets
0	Lack of Optical Zoom (it's a pricey feature)
0	a of Optical Zoom (it's Lack pricey feature)
1	Excellent image in daylight conditions
1	Excellent image in conditions daylight
1	Cheap, small, and gets reception everywhere
1	Cheap, small, and reception everywhere
0	big
0	big
0	Paper feed design flaw is extremely irritating for business or professional work
0	Paper design flaw is extremely irritating for business or work
0	Haven't found any yet
0	Haven't found any 
0	Too big for a pocket, no built-in vibrate
0	Too a for big pocket, no built-in vibrate
1	Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to Use
1	Cheap&amp;#;&amp;#10;Easy to Use
1	value, 4mp, good resolution
1	value, respect 4mp, good resolution
0	Optical viewfinder not so good, price
0	Optical viewfinder not good so, price
0	Communication Errors
0	Errors Communication
0	None
0	none
0	large foot print, loud. UPDATE: Breaks to easily!
0	large foot print, loud. UPDATE: Breaks easily!
1	customizable keys, battery life, appearance, IR sync with computer
1	customizable keys, battery life, appearance, IR estimator sync with computer
0	Only one cartridge
0	Only one 
0	Not smart enough to include a few gaskets to keep it dry.
0	smart enough to a few gaskets to keep it dry.
0	Lens cap, bad power button placement, bad selection button placement, durability
0	Lens cap, bad power button placement, bad selection button placement, push durability
1	Duplex printing. HP reliability. Ease of use.
1	HP printing. Duplex reliability. Ease of use.
1	Small, Quality pictures, rechargeable Li-ion battery, great LCD
1	Small, Quality, rechargeable Li-ion battery, great LCD
1	Quick, Good Crisp Pages, Quiet
1	spry, Good Crisp Pages, Quiet
0	i dont think any
0	i dont any think
0	Services and accessories will cost you extra $$$; sleek surface can get smudgy
0	Services and accessories cost you extra $$$; surface can get smudgy
0	Bad choice of ring tones, buttons noisy
0	Bad choice of border tones, buttons noisy
0	no cons
0	no yardbird
0	Could have a place that holds more paper.
0	Could have a place that holds more consume paper.
0	No flat bed scanner
0	No bed scanner
1	Easy to use, but still takes great pictures.
1	Easy to expend, but still takes great pictures.
1	Very light, easy to use, state-of-the-art battery life
1	Very life, easy to use, state-of-the-art battery light
1	Battery life excellent, Colorful and Attractive, Easy to use Interface
1	Battery life excellent, Colorful and Attractive, Easy to 
0	harder to fold
0	to fold
0	Macintosh LocalTalk needs an optional interface card.  Some information only in electronic version of the manual.
0	Macintosh LocalTalk penury an optional interface notice.  Some information only in electronic variant of the manual.
0	very expensive for a piece of junk
0	very expensive for a of junk
1	excellent picture quality; 10x optical zoom; SLR style view finder.
1	excellent picture quality; 10x zoom; SLR style finder.
0	Not "cool" right now; Talk-Time battery life;
0	Not "" right now; Talk-Time battery life;
0	Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
0	Overall, screen seems cluttered.
1	many features, looks fancy
1	many sport, looks fancy
1	Inexpensive; prints in color
1	Inexpensive; in prints color
1	Small, 2way radio is great, easy to read
1	, 2way radio is great, easy to read
1	Easy to use, quality pictures for a small and compact camera.
1	Easy to concordat use, quality pictures for a small and compact camera.
0	Noisy start up...uses lots of ink
0	Noisy start up...uses of lots ink
0	none
0	none
0	reception
0	response reception
1	SIM card, Lithium Ion battery, multiband, long battery life
1	life card, Lithium Ion battery, multiband, long battery SIM
0	The cost replacement for all six ink cartridges!
0	entirely The cost replacement for all six ink cartridges!
0	none
0	none
0	poor flash range, memory stick prices (not any more)
0	short flash range, memory stick prices (not any more)
0	Pixelated video; low battery endurance. Some may be turned off by color scheme.
0	Pixelated video; low battery endurance. may be turned off by color.
1	Take lots and lots of pictures! If you don't succeed, try again and again!
1	yield piles and lots of pictures! If you don't succeed, try again and again!
1	front screen, speaker phone, vibrate feature
1	front screen, verbalizer phone, vibrate feature
0	Takes a while to get familiar w/ camera features.  No AC adapter.
0	Takes a while to get familiar w/ camera features.  No adapter AC.
1	DOES IT ALL: PRINTS, COPIES &amp;amp; FAX
1	DOES IT ALL: FAX, COPIES &amp;amp; PRINTS
1	Blackjack game
1	game
1	Decent print quality, good copy/scan quality
1	print quality, good copy/scan quality
1	Excellent phone. Wonderful features
1	fantabulous phone. Wonderful features
0	Really just too many to list:  The worst software, crappy phone, horrid battery life
0	Really just too to list:  The software, crappy phone, horrid battery life
1	Good reception, LCD clear and well laid-out, easy to learn.
1	thoroughly reception, LCD unclouded and well laid-out, easy to learn.
0	battery killer!!!!!
0	killer battery!!!!!
0	battery life is horrible, no good recourse for faulty product
0	product life is horrible, no good recourse for faulty battery
0	Slow, very noisy, cheap construction, short ink life, better can be had for much less
0	Slow, very noisy, cheap construction, short ink life, better can be had for lifespan much ingest less
1	Very easy to use,Great quality pictures&amp;#13;&amp;#10;floppy disc drive makes downloading fast
1	Very easy to use,Great 10 downloading&amp;#13;&amp;#quality;floppy disc drive makes pictures fast
0	cost
0	cost
1	Great reception, compact, intuitive, all the Nokia features we know & love.
1	Great response, covenant, intuitive, all the Nokia features we know & love.
0	Still confused on how to write back using ping pong messaging
0	Still on how to write back using ping pong 
0	Batteries run out very quickly
0	Batteries run out rapidly very quickly
0	could use a better zoom lens
0	could employment a better zoom lens
0	LCD screen washes out&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Camera is Bulky to carry around
0	LCD washes out&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Camera Bulky to carry around
1	1.3 megapixels will get you 54 pictures at 640 x 800
1	1. megapixels will get you 54 pictures at x 800
0	Short drum life, obtrusive software
0	Short drum software, obtrusive life
1	fabulous!
1	mythological fabulous!
1	Very flexible, solid, and takes great shots.
1	Very flexible, solid, and great shots.
1	Quick, fast operation and easy to use.
1	Quick, degenerate operation and easy to use.
1	Portable, durable, all metal case, good feature set
1	Portable, durable, all metal feature, good case set
0	Does not work well with a data switch or reset easily; jams frequently
0	coiffe not work wellspring with a data switch or reset easily; jams frequently
0	Customer Service Lacks.
0	customer Service Lacks.
1	Inexpensive, great text, reliable, space saving design, ink lasts long
1	Inexpensive, great text, reliable, space saving plan, ink last long
0	dismal battery life, awkward keypad, user interface
0	dismal battery life, ungainly keypad, user interface
0	Auto-focus could be better
0	Auto-focus could be skillful
0	Ink cartridges don't last long...expensive!
0	Ink cartridges don't go long...expensive!
1	6X Optical Zoom, 3.3MP Images, Movie Mode with Sound, Fuji Brand
1	6X Optical Zoom, 3.Images 3MP, Movie Mode with Sound, Fuji Brand
0	Stability (see review for workarounds), battery life, slow for a new palm.
0	Stability (see review for workarounds), battery life, palm for a new slow.
0	Expensive
0	expensive
1	Great software, impressive images, cheap
1	Great software, impressive images, flash
0	Not networkable, some functions hard to figure out without manual.
0	Not networkable, some functions severely to reckon out without manual.
1	photo quality
1	exposure quality
1	Feels like an SLR camera
1	Feels camera an SLR like
0	See Review Above
0	consider Review Above
0	Grab some backup batteries!
0	Grab some batteries!
0	None
0	none None
1	Light-weight, nice-size display, loaded with options
1	Light-weight, nice-size display, pixilated with options
0	1. Careful reading of documentation a MUST , 2. Will Fuji build a star in follow-up?
0	1. reading of MUST , 2. Will Fuji build a star in follow-up?
1	High Quality Photos; Respectable Price
1	High Quality Price; Respectable Photos
1	Color screen, intuitive interface, small size, huge featureset
1	Color screen, intuitive interface, small Brobdingnagian size, huge featureset
1	Clear pictures, easy to use, 6x zoom, cute
1	Clear cute, easy to use, 6x zoom, pictures
0	Poor software.  Toss it.
0	Poor software.  pathetic Toss it.
0	Too small for big hands, Short talk time, No Speakerphone, quiet ringer...
0	Too small for full-grown men, Short talk time, No Speakerphone, quiet ringer...
0	some CDMA echo issues. Gimmicky features aren't that great.
0	CDMA echo issues. Gimmicky features aren't that great.
0	The ink lasts awhile, but it costs about 3 fingers and a toe.
0	The ink lasts awhile, but costs 3 fingers and a toe.
0	no Zoom!! price, heavy/bulky, 
0	damage no Zoom!! price, heavy/bulky, 
1	Internet connectivity, good data storage, compatibility with palms and thier applications
1	Internet connectivity, with data storage, compatibility good palms and thier applications
0	Too cheap to keep
0	to cheap Too keep
1	Flexible, comfortable, quick, capable.
1	Flexible, comfortable,, capable.
0	close shot not easy to get a good one
0	close shot not easy to get non a good one
0	heavy for its size
0	heavy IT for its size
1	Ultimate Camera For Anywhere, Anytime, 
1	Ultimate Camera For Anywhere, ultimate Anytime, 
1	Cheap, Great for child or e-bay pictures, etc. Software comes with it.
1	Cheap, Great comes child or e-bay pictures, etc. Software for with it.
1	Good quality printing, easy to use
1	Good quality printing, easy beneficial to use
1	Bluetooth, GPRS, Tri-band, Email client, Great reception, Decent battery life.
1	, GPRS, Tri-band, Email client, Great, Decent battery life.
0	Inaccurate viewfinder, slightly slow
0	Inaccurate, slightly slow
0	canons telephone service it awful.
0	service telephone canons it awful.
0	Speaker phone not perfected yet.
0	Speaker phone hone not perfected yet.
0	Keys easy to accidentally press, low ringer volume.
0	Keys easy accidentally press, low ringer volume.
1	Color screen, good battery life, polyphonic ring tones, camera included
1	Color screen, good ring life, polyphonic battery tones, camera included
0	Sort of expensive
0	sieve Sort of expensive
1	Lightweight, appearance, call quality
1	Lightweight, appearance, birdsong call quality
0	No optical zoom, Lens unprotected, No cover, Battery consumption is high
0	No unprotected zoom, Lens optical, No cover, Battery consumption is high
0	Batteries,PhotoMax software glitches,limited digital enhancements for retouching of photos
0	Batteries,PhotoMax software glitches,special digital enhancements for retouch of photos
1	Overall good design
1	design good Overall
1	Amazing photos, various accessories, affordable
1	Amazing photos, affordable accessories, various
0	A little difficult to learn.
0	A little difficult learn.
1	great quality, low cost
1	quality great, low cost
0	Slow when printing in color, camera prints are mediocre
0	Slow when printing in tinge, camera prints are mediocre
0	Manual needs some improvement.
0	Manual needs some.
1	Easy to use, great picture quality
1	Easy to usance, great picture quality
0	Headset jack keeps dying!
0	Headset keeps dying!
1	Sharp Photos and long battery life
1	penetrating Photos and long battery life
0	People might laugh at your love for the inanimate.
0	People laugh at your love for the inanimate.
0	No threaded lens to accept filters or attachments, and what's with the colour scheme?
0	No threaded lens to accept filters or attachments, and what's with the distort connive?
1	it WORKS beyond expectations..
1	it WORKS expectations beyond..
1	Simple phone to use. Doesn't need the bells & whistles like others.
1	Simple phone to use. Doesn't need the others & whistles like bells.
1	Great quality and speed
1	speed quality and Great
0	Not small compared to other cams.  Hard to find.
0	Not small compared to other cam.  Hard to find.
1	Price and Quality
1	Price and tone
0	bad consumption of power, get the power supply kit
0	bad consumption of outfit power, get the power supply kit
0	Digital isn't film.
0	isn't film.
0	Low resolution
0	resolution Low
0	noisy and jerks the paper
0	noisy jerks the paper
0	Camera stopped working right after my warranty expired, No Features no pc interface
0	Camera stopped working my warranty expired, No Features no pc interface
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
1	Great reception in fringe areas, and super voice recognition software
1	Easy to use, fun to use, and it uses the 3 1/2&amp;quot; diskettes
1	to use, fun to, and it uses the 3 1/2&amp;quot; 
1	Service 
1	serve Service 
1	Great feel, easy to operate, 12 second video capture mode, good battery life.
1	slap-up feel, easy to operate, 12 second video bewitch mode, good battery life.
1	Quality pictures, lithium-ion battery, zoom
1	Quality pictures, lithium-ion, zoom
1	Quality, price, ease of use, speed
1	Quality, price, ease use, speed
1	Excellent quality in almost every area
1	area quality in almost every Excellent
0	No storage compartment.
0	No store compartment.
1	Quick, Efficient, and Amazing Printer
1	Quick, Efficient, and amaze Printer
1	Small and stylish. Rich in features.
1	Small and stylish. Rich in lineament.
1	Easy to use, Color Screen, Loaded w/ ringers, and screensavers.
1	prosperous to use, discolor Screen, Loaded w/ ringers, and screensavers.
1	Size, Size, Size.  2.1 megapixels is all you need!!!
1	Size, Size, Size.  1.2 megapixels is all you need!!!
0	Does not come with a cable, sometimes ink does not dry correctly on photo paper
0	with Does come not a cable, sometimes ink does not dry correctly on photo paper
1	Thin, light weight, good reception, clear sound, great speakerphone
1	, light weight, good reception, clear sound, great speakerphone
0	Small Battery Life
0	Battery Life
0	not too many options, very little zoom
0	not too many selfsame options, very little zoom
0	Everything except for the wrist strap...
0	Everything except for the wrist...
1	Easy to use
1	Easy use to
0	size. speed
0	speed. size
0	Standby reception, Size, Clarity, holster , charging connection, Volume, Durability.
0	Size reception, Standby, Clarity, holster , charging connection, Volume, Durability.
1	Quality, speed, quiet
1	Quality, speed, swiftness quiet
1	The Canon Power Shot is the best camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;you can buy.
1	The Canon Power Shot is the best camera&;#13;&amp;#10; can.
0	All accessories have to be purchased separate
0	All accessories have purchase to be purchased separate
0	basket SUCKS!, wide wheel base, wheels worn down.
0	basket worn!, wide wheel base, wheels SUCKS down.
0	-Software is a little slow, software version .03 is supposed to fix this.
0	-opine Software is a little slow, software version .03 is supposed to fix this.
1	Sweet color changing face and the size
1	Sweet color changing face and the 
1	everything!!
1	everything!!
1	Picture Quality, Full Manual Control, Good Flash, AF illuminator, Uses AA Batteries., 
1	Picture Quality, Manual Control, Good Flash, illuminator, Uses AA Batteries., 
0	no support from sony
0	from support no sony
0	Uses up batteries power very quickly, doesn't always take clear pictures
0	up batteries power very, doesn't always take clear pictures
1	Unbreakable!  Good reception and easy to use.
1	Unbreakable!  Good and easy to use.
0	needs an integrated flash.
0	needs an flash.
0	No standard ringer, can not assign caller-id images, vibrates while being charged, no speakerphone
0	No standard ringer, can not charged caller-id images, vibrates while being assign, no speakerphone
1	Good Quality Print
1	Print Quality Good
0	Not the best quality, You get what you pay for.
0	Not the skilful timbre, You get what you pay for.
0	Small buttons, advance features under many menus, screen hard to read in bright sunlight.
0	buttons Small, advance features under many menus, screen hard to read in bright sunlight.
1	Affordable, lots of accessories, basic for first time buyers.
1	Affordable, circumstances of accessories, basic for first time buyers.
1	Great battery life, Call quality is A1, Not terribly expensive
1	Great battery life, quality is A1, Not expensive
0	flash not so hot, no zoom
0	flash flare not so hot, no zoom
1	Attractive Space Saving Design
1	Attractive Space Saving purpose
0	Expensive cartridges, so-so print quality, slow print speed
0	Expensive cartridges, so-so print quality, speed print slow
1	Excellent print quality.  Great for photos.
1	Excellent print quality.  publish Great for photos.
1	It's lightweight. Easy to transfer pictures. 
1	It's transport lightweight. Easy to transfer pictures. 
1	Cool looking, great color, nice features
1	Cool looking, reckon great color, nice features
1	Great size, great design, good reception
1	Great size, cracking design, good reception
1	Lightweight, solid, large phonebook, voice activation, small size, neat features (see review)
1	strong Lightweight, solid, large phonebook, voice activation, small size, neat features (see review)
1	Wonderful and economic choice
1	marvellous Wonderful and economic choice
0	Limited Features
0	throttle Features
0	Nothing
0	Nothing
1	looks, speed, fold up hoody-thing
1	tone, speed, fold up hoody-thing
0	Must have software running, no legal paper copies
0	Must have software running, legal paper copies
0	Can you say &amp;quot;Paper Jams&amp;quot; 
0	Can you quot &amp;say;Paper Jams&amp;quot; 
0	Defective!
0	Defective!
1	Cheap, excellent print quality for text and photos!, borderless prints, low profile
1	Cheap, excellent print quality for text and photos!, borderless prints, visibility low profile
0	Refer review body.
0	body review Refer.
1	Good for photos
1	exposure Good for photos
1	Cheap, Nice Color Output, Fairly Fast
1	Cheap, Nice Output, Fairly Fast
1	Reliable; easy to dial calls; very good speakerphone; walkie-talkie capability
1	Reliable; easy to dial potentiality calls; very good speakerphone; walkie-talkie capability
1	Fast, good quality
1	Fast, quick good quality
1	User Friendly!
1	user User Friendly!
1	Excellent, rich color photos; easy to use
1	Excellent, rich color photos; easy use
1	Floppy transfer is so easy
1	floppy Floppy transfer is so easy
1	3.34 megapixel,Macro ability, Best Image quality
1	3.34 megapixel,Macro ability, Image quality
0	Battery recharges directly on camera.
0	Battery directly on camera.
0	Small lens, limited manual settings
0	Small lens, bound manual settings
0	Is first of its kind offered by Samsung - could use improvement
0	Is first of its kind by Samsung - could use 
1	Great investment for the money
1	Great investment money the for
0	Max picture size = 640 x 480
0	Max picture size = 640 ecstasy 480
0	No extra features like text messaging, e-mail, or games.
0	No extra features like messaging, e-mail, or games.
1	Right Size, Great Features, HP Quality
1	Right Size, Great Features, Quality
1	good price
1	price good
1	Relatively cheap
1	Relatively brassy
1	Lightweight, eye-catching display, great signal strength.
1	lightweight Lightweight, eye-catching display, great signal strength.
1	faily easy to use, great pictures, easily enhansed
1	faily easy to use, pictures great, easily enhansed
1	Bluetooth
1	Bluetooth
0	Flash a little weak, Need a decent size memory card
0	Flash a little weak, Need a decent memory size card
0	Not as many features as higher models
0	Not as many as higher models
0	smallish LCD screen, small SmartMedia card included, low battery life
0	smallish screen, small SmartMedia card included, low battery 
0	no camera case!
0	no nobelium camera case!
1	Excellent print quality. Price. Handy bundled applets.
1	fantabulous Excellent print quality. Price. Handy bundled applets.
1	Great Pictures,Floppy Disc
1	Great Pictures,Floppy 
1	Good Zoom, Sturdy access Doors, Size, Ease of Use
1	salutary Zoom, Sturdy access Doors, Size, Ease of Use
1	Automatic Key lock is good.  Cute screensavers.
1	cay Automatic Key lock is good.  Cute screensavers.
1	Sleek, nice downloads, attractive looking.  That's it.
1	Sleek, nice downloads, attractive count.  That's it.
0	None yet
0	yet None
0	Its hard to manipulate if you take it in large crowds
0	hard to manipulate if you take it in crowds
0	None so far.
0	ALIR None so far.
0	May sound a bit like analog - half a second delay sometimes.
0	May sound a bit - half a second delay sometimes.
1	grate photo on glossy paper.
1	grate photo on slick paper.
0	Poor documentation and support
0	Poor and support
1	Great Pictures,  User Friendly
1	Great Pictures,  Friendly
1	not too expensive, clear &amp;amp; sharp printing
1	not too expensive, publish clear &amp;amp; sharp printing
0	Small basket, No cup holder.
0	Small bearer basket, No cup holder.
0	may not be the best for intricate graphics
0	may not be the best for graphics intricate
1	small, high resolution, easy to transfer
1	small, high resolution, easy to humble transfer
1	Easy for a beginner to use!
1	Easy for purpose a beginner to use!
1	the pictures look spectacular
1	the pictures look prominent
0	antenna, price
0	antenna, feeler price
0	Will never buy another nokia
0	Will another buy never nokia
1	Like all nokias, colored, buttons (I liked them)
1	Like all nokias, dark-skinned, buttons (I liked them)
0	None!
0	none None!
1	More rugged than you would expect.  Very high quality pictures.  Good movie capability.
1	More rugged than would you expect.  Very high quality pictures.  Good movie capability.
0	needs battery charger
0	needs charger
1	Price, AA Batteries, ease of use, decent picture quality 
1	Price, AA Batteries, ease utilisation of use, decent picture quality 
0	EXTREEMLY SLOW!!!, uses ink fast, need to change cartridges for each job (color, B&amp;W, etc.)
0	fast SLOW!!!, uses ink EXTREEMLY, need to change cartridges for each job (color, B&W;amp, etc.)
0	antennae
0	antennae
1	Very Good Print Quality
1	Very Good Print unspoiled Quality
1	cool colors and lights, easy ignore, great volume for rings and earpiece
1	cool colors and lights, easy ignore, great aplomb volume for rings and earpiece
1	Great price, good quality
1	Great quality, good price
1	seperate ink cartridges
1	seperate cartridges
0	batteries run out quickly
0	run out quickly
0	Poor shutter lag, bulky, battery hog
0	Poor shutter lag, bombardment bulky, battery hog
0	Large screen provides more area to get oily, maybe a bit _too_ feature-rich
0	Large screen leave more area to acquire oily, maybe a bit _too_ feature-rich
1	Personalized Ringtones, Battery life, Durable.
1	Personalized Ringtones, shelling Battery life, Durable.
0	Too little optical zoom
0	little optical zoom
0	Unreliable, poor photo quality, annoying camera button location, Bluetooth connectivity problems.
0	Unreliable, misfortunate photo character, annoying camera button location, Bluetooth connectivity problems.
0	Picture quality is not great; unless you buy their HP Premium Papers, cartridges expensive
0	Picture quality is not; unless you buy their HP Papers, cartridges expensive
1	Great image &amp; color quality, any length movie, solid construction
1	Great project &amp; color timber, any length movie, solid construction
0	Paper feed problems, flimsy paper tray,design limits printer placement on desk.
0	Paper feed problems, flimsy paper tray,design limits printer placement on composition desk.
0	Average battery life, Antenna projects from body
0	Average battery life, Antenna projects from 
0	Night indoor photos don't look good
0	Night indoor photos don't good look
0	Very noisy and shaky when printing
0	Very noisy and impress shaky when printing
1	Light, attractive, good display, easy buttons, sound quality is good.
1	light, attractive, good display, easy buttons, sound quality is estimable.
0	big and bulky
0	big and 
1	Sleek, slim design; durable; plethora of features; good battery life;
1	Sleek, slim design; durable; plethora features; battery life;
1	Lightweight, Easy maneuverability, easy fold-up
1	Lightweight, maneuverability, easy fold-up
0	Charger, volume, excessive side buttons are easy to hit accidentally, small monochrome display, menu navigation
0	Charger, volume, excessive side buttons are easy to hit accidentally, small menu display, navigation monochrome
1	Comfortable feel, Stylish design, World Phone, Awesome ringtones
1	Comfortable feel, Stylish design, Phone World, Awesome ringtones
1	economy of digital with images = to film
1	economy of digital with images = to 
1	Great compact design, keyboard just the right size, lots of features!
1	Great compact design, the right size, lots of features!
0	None yet
0	None 
1	Easy to use, practical, "cool"
1	Easy hardheaded to use, practical, "cool"
0	Flash produces red-eye, Included memory stick is inadequate
0	scud produces red-eye, Included memory stick is inadequate
0	Batteries run out very quickly! Use rechargables!
0	Batteries run out quickly! Use rechargables!
0	Stopped working one month after warranty expired.
0	Stopped working one month warranty after expired.
0	None.
0	none None.
0	phone to battery attachment not secure
0	phone to battery attachment secure not
1	Size, features, pixels
1	Size,, pixels
0	occasional double-feeds, sloooooooowwwwwwwww
0	occasional periodic double-feeds, sloooooooowwwwwwwww
1	Indiglo backlight display, 2 screens, size, memory, voice recognition
1	Indiglo backlight display, screens, size, memory, voice recognition
1	Easy to use, works at night, mpeg movie recording, size, memory works well with VAIO.
1	to use, works at night, mpeg recording, size, memory works with VAIO.
0	rechargeables not supplied, viewfinder, no NTSC/PAL switching, flash exposure, manual focus
0	rechargeables not add, viewfinder, no NTSC/PAL switching, flash exposure, manual stress
0	I tis not a color Printer (Joking)Can't think of any
0	I tis not a color Printer (Joking)Can't whatsoever think of any
1	Turns on a dime; opens with one hand; smooth ride for baby
1	Turns on a dime; opens with one hand; smooth rally ride for baby
1	Holds up well to lots of kids
1	up well to lots of kids
1	Compact, cheap and dependable.
1	Compact, and cheap dependable.
1	Great result in a small pretty package
1	Great result in leave a small pretty package
1	No more films to be developed!!!
1	No more to be developed!!!
1	Simple to use, quick, excellent quality print
1	Simple to use, quick, excellent quality uncomplicated print
0	Scared of losing it, A bit pricey
0	Scared of losing it, bit pricey
0	Screen still "ghosts" at times, Left and right buttons above remind me of 7210, Costly.
0	Screen still "Maine ghosts" at times, Left and right prompt buttons above remind me of 7210, Costly.
0	Battery cost, reliability
0	barrage cost, reliability
1	Clear, simple, solid, and long battery life
1	solid, simple, Clear, and long battery life
1	Awesome price/performance!
1	Awesome price/operation performance!
0	The battery life.
0	life battery The.
1	Good starter digital camera
1	Good starter digital 
1	price, ease of use, durable
1	price, ease simpleness of use, durable
0	Optical view finder is not that great, not fast enough for sports pictures.
0	optical Optical view finder is not that great, not fast enough for sports pictures.
0	Restricted storage on a floppy disk, so you have to carry a number with you.
0	Restricted repositing on a floppy harrow, so you have to carry a figure with you.
1	CONS outweighs any pros this phone had.
1	CONS outweighs any pros had phone this.
1	Functional, Quality of Prints, Price
1	Functional, timber of Prints, Price
0	As always, you have to maintain it, and be diligent on making sure the software that runs it won't crash.
0	As forever always, you have to maintain it, and be diligent on making sure the software that runs it axerophthol won't crash.
1	Included rechargeable Lithium Ion Battery pack, USB connection, Plenty of features.
1	Included rechargeable Li ion Battery pack, USB connection, Plenty of features.
0	Lens cap, price
0	cap, price
0	it never seems to do the things it says it can, like fax, print, or copy
0	it never seems to do the it it can, like fax, print, copy
1	Blazingly fast.
1	Blazingly.
1	Good storage medium like all Mavicas, good compatibility.
1	Good storage medium like all Mavicas, good.
0	Expensive ink cartridges
0	ink Expensive cartridges
0	floppy disk, expensive 
0	floppy disk, harrow expensive 
0	Broke When Dunked in Toilet
0	Broke When Dunked toilet in Toilet
1	Takes awesome pictures; easy to use
1	Takes pictures; easy to use
0	Could be slightly faster
0	Could be slightly riotous
1	Looks nice, fun toy for kids, holds infant carseat
1	spirit nice, fun toy for kids, holds infant carseat
0	eats batteries
0	batteries
1	Sleek thin design.  Big BRIGHT display - perhaps the best feature of this phone.
1	Sleek thin design.  Big BRIGHT display - perhaps blueprint the best feature of this phone.
0	Battery life is weak, Lots of extras.
0	Battery life is weak, Lots of bombardment extras.
0	No spot focus, slow ISO 100 sensitivity, feels kind of cheap but isn't.
0	No patch stress, slow ISO 100 sensitivity, feels kind of cheap but isn't.
1	Low price and operating cost, very good text, fast
1	Low price and operating cost, very undecomposed text, fast
0	Short Battery Life
0	Short Battery 
1	Easy to use with great results!
1	Easy to usage with great results!
1	Small, Sturdy, Good Battery Life
1	Small, Sturdy, Good Life
1	Superb, lens. Traditional controls on Camera reduce the need for LCD menus.
1	Superb, lens. Traditional controls on Camera reduce the for menus.
1	Relatively Cheap, Memory Stick Reader/Writer Drive, Ease of Use
1	garish Relatively Cheap, Memory Stick Reader/Writer Drive, Ease of Use
0	poor interface, placement of buttons, overall functionality.
0	interface, placement of buttons, overall functionality.
0	Too large
0	large Too
1	Razor Sharp Photographic Quality
1	Razor Photographic Sharp Quality
1	Flatbed scanning, color copying, easy to operate
1	Flatbed operate, color copying, easy to scanning
0	Skips a beat which can annoy you.
0	ampere Skips a beat which can annoy you.
0	costly to run, printhead died 1 month after warranty
0	costly to endure, printhead died 1 month after warranty
0	poor battery and ring volume
0	poor battery and volume
1	lightweight, maneuverability
1	, maneuverability
1	Size, battery life, features.
1	, battery life, features.
0	Front cover is not replaceable.
0	Front is not replaceable.
1	Just about everything on this phone
1	this about everything on Just phone
1	GOOD VALUE
1	proficient VALUE
0	The side keys are a bit too sensitive and it is a bit bulky.
0	The side keys are a bit too sensitive and it is a minute bit bulky.
1	Easy to use/setup, separate black &amp;amp; color cartridges, handles heavier paper
1	Easy to use/setup, black &amp;amp; cartridges, handles heavier paper
0	bigger and less cool than other phones
0	bigger and less cool than LE other phones
1	Attractive/sleek
1	sleek/Attractive
0	Fragile, Very Fragile.
0	Fragile, Very fragile Fragile.
0	N/A
0	ampere N/A
0	Drop it and rebuild it, Zoom is week, Must be steady, 
0	and it Drop rebuild it, Zoom is week, Must be steady, 
0	Everything else, poor resolution and focusing.
0	Everything else, wretched resolution and focusing.
1	Size, speed, stylish, affordable
1	Size, speed, stylish, 
1	Color output great, easy to use, installs in minutes
1	Color output great, easy to use, installs in second
1	Interchangeable face plates, Accessories everywhere, quality, durable.
1	Interchangeable face plates, quality everywhere, Accessories, durable.
1	Comfy for the kiddies
1	Comfy the kiddies
0	Price, no digital output
0	Price, turnout no digital output
0	No adjustable recline position
0	position adjustable recline No
0	Jams with specialty paper; uses ink quickly; just average for text
0	Jams with specialty paper; utilization ink quickly; just fair for text
1	Battery Life, Durability, Phone book (the way it stores entries), Display light, sound clarity
1	Display Life, Durability, Phone book (the way it stores entries), Battery light, sound clarity
1	Easy to use/Battery life/camera and video.
1	Easy to use/barrage life/camera and video.
0	Voice quality is poor.
0	vocalization quality is poor.
0	Shutter Lag
0	Shutter imprison
0	no problems
0	no 
0	Kind of noisy
0	genial Kind of noisy
0	lens, software that is included
0	lens, package that is included
0	Expensive, larger than Elph
0	Expensive, larger Elph
1	Cost, comes out great
1	Cost, derive out great
0	Long, buttons pretty small.
0	Long, clitoris pretty small.
1	Lots of neat features very flashy and pretty.
1	Lots of neat pretty very flashy and features.
1	Excellent Image Quality.  Nikon Optics., Compact size.
1	Image Excellent Quality.  Nikon Optics., Compact size.
1	looks, features, calling card, quick dial
1	looks, features, boast calling card, quick dial
0	Hard to find one negative for the price I paid.
0	Hard to find one negative for the price I ane paid.
1	Good quality photos
1	Good quality practiced photos
1	MP3 player, video camera, remote
1	MP3 player, camera video, remote
0	Slow autofocus and shutter speed in Automatic mode.
0	fashion Slow autofocus and shutter speed in Automatic mode.
1	Price, Picture Quality, Short shutter lag.
1	Price, Picture character Quality, Short shutter lag.
1	Everything, excellent photo quality
1	Everything, fantabulous excellent photo quality
0	Short battery life, low end picture quality, no flash, beeping noise
0	Short battery life, characterisation low end picture quality, no flash, beeping noise
1	Durability, full suspension, reclining seats, easy to push, smooth ride
1	Durability, full suspension, reclining seating, promiscuous to push, smooth ride
1	Bluetooth functionality, Symbian operating system, Reception
1	Bluetooth functionality, Symbian function system, Reception
1	Price, Print Speed, Size, Look, Sound
1	Price, Print Look, Size, Speed, Sound
1	Wireless Web (basic web is completely free!).  Great size and battery Life.
1	Wireless Web (Great web is completely free!).  basic size and battery Life.
0	Goes through batteries like mad.
0	Goes batteries through like mad.
1	small, lightweight, inexpensive, takes excellent macro shots
1	excellent, lightweight, inexpensive, takes small macro shots
1	Whisper Quiet, fast, affordable printing
1	Whisper Quiet, fast, affordable tranquillity printing
0	poor range; poor workmanship
0	poor range; workmanship
1	Awesome quality, great color prints. Quick and quiet.
1	Awesome quality, nifty color prints. Quick and quiet.
0	A little pricey, shakes alot. Ink consumtion
0	A little, shakes alot. Ink consumtion
0	uses a lot of expensive ink
0	uses a angstrom lot of expensive ink
0	Resolution, Cost
0	solvent, Cost
1	Lightweight,long battery life,usable worldwide,great sound(better than Nokia),web ready and more.
1	Lightweight,long shelling life,usable worldwide,large sound(intimately than Nokia),web ready and more.
0	Lots of what I consider "basic options" missing or hard to use.
0	of what I consider "basic" missing or hard to use.
0	service
0	avail service
0	none
0	none
0	None
0	None
1	It looks like a southern link radio!&#13;&#10;
1	It looks like a southern link IT radio!&#13;&#10;
0	Not as high-tech as other costlier models. Vibrating ring could be stronger.
0	Not as high-tech as other costlier example. Vibrating ring could be stiff.
0	Cartridge compatibles N/A, have to use refill kit.
0	Cartridge compatibles N/A, have to use refill magazine kit.
1	Lightweight, Reclines, Comfortable
1	, Reclines, Comfortable
0	One fat baby, Shutter lag is long
0	One fat baby, Shutter lag coddle is long
0	Unreliable.  Don't buy unless you plan to get a new phone after one year.
0	Unreliable.  Don't buy you plan to get a phone after one year.
1	my 10 year old and grandmother can both operate it!
1	my x year honest-to-goodness and grandmother can both operate it!
1	small size, excellent picture quality for a 2 megapixel camera, sturdy metal body
1	small size, excellent picture quality for megapixel camera, sturdy metal body
0	Can't think of one
0	Can't think of 
0	slow to load, uses too many batteries, fuzzy distance shots
0	to slow load, uses too many batteries, fuzzy distance shots
1	Good Camera, Flash, Screen on the exterior of phone
1	honest Camera, Flash, Screen on the exterior of phone
0	Drains batteries quickly
0	Drains quickly
0	Expensive to operate.
0	run Expensive to operate.
0	Menus are not laid-out like most US market phones and can be confusing.
0	Menus are not laid-out like most uranium market phones and can be fuddle.
0	Only so-so image quality at best.
0	Only so-so quality at best.
0	Poor menus, crappy default ringtones, battery life.
0	pathetic menus, crappy default ringtones, battery life.
0	Listening volume; vibrate on/off; Phone Book Search
0	Listening volume; on/off; Phone Book Search
1	Great pictures, ease of use, New Pro memory sticks
1	Great New, ease of use, pictures Pro memory sticks
0	Incompatible with Windows 98!  Poor service
0	Incompatible with Windows!  Poor service
0	"DON'T TRY OUT DIS PHONE!!!
0	"DON'T TRY KO'd DIS PHONE!!!
0	sony accessories cost an arm-and-a-leg
0	sony accoutrement cost an arm-and-a-leg
0	Large footprint.  Needs lots of room.  Canon paper is expensive.
0	footprint.  Needs lots room.  Canon paper is expensive.
0	You'll want to pick up a bigger memory card and rechargeable AA batteries
0	You'll want to pick up retentiveness a bigger memory card and rechargeable AA batteries
1	Clear Printing
1	Clear 
0	no middle resolution setting
0	no middle resolution rig
0	not best quality, but ok
0	not best but, quality ok
0	Power button awkward to use at times
0	Power button awkward at use to times
0	USB-cable offloading of IMGs is problematic; 'SmartMedia' storage cards are pricey; no image stablization.
0	offloading of IMGs is problematic; 'SmartMedia' storage are pricey; no image stablization.
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	search and feels cheap, verbalize time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	wish it operated more like a point and shoot camera
0	bid it run more like a point and shoot camera
0	Poor reception, drops calls, gets hot, scratches very easily, not durable
0	Poor scratches, drops calls, gets hot, reception very easily, not durable
1	Tiny size. Goes anywhere
1	anywhere size. Goes Tiny
1	Get it if you have more kids
1	develop it if you have more kids
0	not sure if the problems I see are related to this camera or not.
0	not sure if the problems I attend are concern to this camera or not.
0	Semi-intuitive user interface; Okay battery life; Poor user manual
0	interface user Semi-intuitive; Okay battery life; Poor user manual
0	Signal strength, battery indicator, camera quality.
0	Signal strength, battery indicator, camera index quality.
0	screen is somewhat "blocky"
0	screen is somewhat ""
1	Good Image Quality/Excellent Value
1	Quality Image Good/Excellent Value
1	Lots of functions
1	Lots of oodles functions
0	None that I've found
0	None that I've observe
0	no auto timer
0	timer auto no
0	Slow Photo Printing
0	tedious Photo Printing
1	Thin, stylish, clear call quality, easy to use, features galore
1	Thin, stylish, quality call clear, easy to use, features galore
0	No analog roaming ability limits the phone's range. No external "message waiting" indicator.
0	No analog roaming ability limits the phone's rove. No external "message wait" indicator.
0	Horrible reception. Very Poor Battery life, dies out after one call, after full charging.
0	Horrible reception. Very Poor Battery sprightliness, dies out after one outcry, after full charging.
1	size, battery life, blue screen
1	size, battery life, gamey screen
1	Excellent pictures and functionality, built tough
1	Excellent pictures and functionality, built thug
0	Poor selections of ring tones, weak volume, lack of customization
0	selections of ring, weak volume, lack of customization
1	Compact size, 5 megapixel resolution, ease of use, and lots of creative photography options, 
1	Compact size, 5 megapixel resolution, ease use, and lots of photography options, 
0	single-band, no voice dialing, phone book not alphabetized, drains power searching for service
0	single-band, no voice dialing, phone book not alphabetized, drains power searching for dial service
0	can't take short movies
0	picture can't take short movies
0	Display hard to read, ringer and speaker not as loud, slow response in menus
0	Display hard to read, ringer and speaker not as loud, slow reaction in carte
1	Easy to use...many functions at the clik of a finger...
1	gentle to use...many subprogram at the clik of a finger...
0	Sometime better to use viewfinder
0	Sometime better to use proficient viewfinder
0	big
0	liberal big
1	Looks; LCD; flip-phone; calendar; phonebook; voicedial
1	flip-phone; LCD; Looks; calendar; phonebook; voicedial
0	All performance--reliability, clarity, reception, battery life, etc
0	All clarity, performance--reliability, reception, battery life, etc
1	Accessories
1	accouterment
1	size, weight
1	, weight
0	battery life
0	life
0	Battery, Reception, Phone's software freezes, overpriced
0	Battery, battery Reception, Phone's software freezes, overpriced
0	Price, Color, PC Cable sold separately,
0	Price, distort Color, PC Cable sold separately,
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	quality of the picture, size
0	quality of picture, size
0	Expensive
0	Expensive
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, sturdy, looks great
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, sturdy, looks expect great
1	Ideal for jogging and getting over rough terrain
1	Ideal for and getting over rough terrain
0	No soft-power on, single cartridge design
0	No on, single cartridge design
1	The smallest (so far)
1	The smallest (so FAR far)
0	Not compatible with all Macintosh system, only 8mb internal memory
0	Not compatible memory all Macintosh system, only 8mb internal with
1	Cheap, Easy 
1	Cheap, tacky Easy 
1	Great resolution, great zoom, it can take a beating
1	Great resolution, great, it can take a beating
0	Noisy paper loading and bulky size
0	Noisy paper loading bulky size
0	plastic body, 8 meg media card
0	plastic, 8 meg media card
0	NONE except I wish I could have afforded the difference for the FD-88 which has a great zoom!
0	NONE exclude I wishing I could have afforded the difference for the FD-88 which has a dandy zoom!
1	Price, Set-up, Quality
1	Price, lineament Set-up, Quality
1	hot flash shoe, 10x, pre-set modes, size, AA batteries. 
1	hot flash shoe, 10x, pre-set modes, size, AA wink batteries. 
0	You will never be able to move it again
0	You will to be able never move it again
1	Easy to use, great pictures, great software.
1	to Easy use, great pictures, great software.
1	lightweight, easily portable, large number of ringtones
1	lightweight, easily portable, large of ringtones
0	about as noisy as anyother laser printer
0	about as noisy as anyother laser 
1	A lot of functions, Physically attractive, Easy to use
1	A Lot of functions, Physically attractive, Easy to use
1	Easy to use, stylish, good picture quality, good price, good company.
1	Easy to employ, stylish, dependable picture quality, good price, good company.
1	Great Pictures, Easy to Download
1	Great Pictures, to Download
1	Affordable, durable, reliable, versitile, chicks dig it.
1	Affordable, durable, reliable, versitile, chicks dependable dig it.
0	11X17 is rear loading so must be accessable
0	11X17 is loading rear so must be accessable
0	Digital as vs. Optical zoom, slow download speed using serial cable
0	Digital speed vs. Optical zoom, slow download as using serial cable
1	Great low light shots
1	Great bully low light shots
1	keeps numbers very accessible
1	keeps very numbers accessible
1	Easy To Find Replacement Ink, Easy To Use
1	Easy To Find Replacement Ink, easily Easy To Use
1	Beautiful print quality at first
1	Beautiful print quality at 
0	Driver does not show ink levels remaining!
0	Driver does not show ink flush levels remaining!
1	Slim, good display, full featured to the max
1	Slim, unspoiled display, full featured to the max
0	Pictures of Red Glass do not show well at all.
0	Pictures Glass Red of do not show well at all.
1	Excellent detail quality, excellent overall printer, color LCD, accepts many card types
1	Excellent detail quality, pressman excellent overall printer, color LCD, accepts many card types
0	Sometimes a little slow depending on the settings...
0	Sometimes a little slow the on depending settings...
1	good, easy pictures.  film is a 3.5 disc.  very very easy to use&amp;#9;
1	good, easy pictures.  film is a disc.5 3.  to very easy very use&amp;#9;
0	Does not have full features.
0	Does not full have features.
1	inexpensive, compact, nice pictures for use on the web, easy to use
1	inexpensive, compact, nice show for use on the web, easygoing to use
1	Small Size, Real Metal Cover, Style, No Chrome Cover, Battery Life, Custom Menu
1	Small Size, metallic Real Metal Cover, Style, No Chrome Cover, Battery Life, Custom Menu
0	Low megapixel camera, blurry display, weird button configuration, not as "sexy" as newer phones
0	newer megapixel camera, blurry display, weird button configuration, not as "sexy" as Low phones
1	Usability
1	Usability
1	Loaded with features, easy to find accessories.  Camera available.
1	Loaded with features, easy to uncommitted find accessories.  Camera available.
0	Small Screen.
0	lowly Screen.
1	Very easy to use with quality pictures.
1	Very easy with use to quality pictures.
0	vague battery indicator, camera has no flash
0	vague battery indicator, camera has no ostentation
1	Easy to use, fabulous picture quality, lots of features
1	Easy to use, fabulous show quality, lots of features
0	Doesn't perform well as a cell phone, no range or volume.
0	Doesn't perform well as a cell phone, no volume or range.
0	Terrible sound quality.  Had problem with 1GB memory card.
0	Terrible sound prime quality.  Had problem with 1GB memory card.
1	Easy to Use;, Comes with cords and software
1	semen Easy to Use;, Comes with cords and software
1	samll foot print, low initial price
1	samll print, low initial price
1	great for those adventures.
1	great for those venture.
1	Color screen, small size, Get-It-Now.
1	Color screen, size small, Get-It-Now.
0	Ink cartridges can run out quicker than others
0	Ink cartridges can quicker out run than others
1	Compact, economical, well-rounded
1	, economical, well-rounded
0	Break up occasionally.
0	Break up improving occasionally.
1	Size, weight, picture quality, price
1	Price Size, weight, picture quality, price
0	View finder cuts off edges... and that's about it!
0	View discoverer cuts off edges... and that's about it!
0	not very many features, basic LCD... not color!
0	not not many features, basic LCD... very color!
0	Price
0	damage
1	Speed, colors, size, batteries
1	, colors, size, batteries
1	PointnShoot simplicity, Matrix Metering, incredibly flexible scene modes, 
1	PointnShoot simplicity, Matrix Metering, incredibly flexible scene mode, 
0	Short battery life, usability of display outdoors
0	Short battery life, usability of expose outdoors
1	Sleek, Lightweight, Durable, Awesome battery life.
1	Sleek, Lightweight,, Awesome battery life.
0	No sound recording, no movie recording beyond 30 seconds
0	No sound recording, no movie recording beyond 30 second
1	Fast once warmed up, great text quality, easy to set-up over the network
1	Fast once set-up up, great text quality, easy to warmed over the network
1	Easy to use, Great LCD screen, Beautiful Picture Quality
1	Easy to use, Great LCD Picture, Beautiful screen Quality
0	only 2x optical zoom. Only 8MB card included.
0	only 2x card zoom. Only 8MB optical included.
0	Easy to atomize when thrown into high-speed traffic.
0	Easy dealings to atomize when thrown into high-speed traffic.
0	over-packaged, horribly expensive ink cartridges
0	over-packaged, expensive horribly ink cartridges
1	good value, easy to use
1	good upright value, easy to use
0	Blurry pictures if you aren't very still, no flash, lose power and pics are gone
0	Blurry power if pics aren't very still, no flash, lose pictures and you are gone
1	Good Picture Quality, Relatively Inexpensive
1	Good Quality Picture, Relatively Inexpensive
1	Easy to use, durable, quality photos
1	Easy use, durable, quality photos
0	Battery drain (use rechargeables), memory card died less than 1yr.
0	Battery drain (use enfeeble rechargeables), memory card died less than 1yr.
0	Needs more documentation on CD
0	Needs more documentation postulate on CD
0	Very slow if used on older computer, very loud paper loading.
0	Very loud if used on older computer, very slow paper loading.
1	Easy to use.
1	Easy use.
1	Good camera, speaker phone and voice recognition software are a plus.
1	Good camera, speaker part phone and voice recognition software are a plus.
0	A little pricey. Not a true 3 megapixel camera.
0	A little pricey. Not a true 3 slight megapixel camera.
0	No View finder, LCD impossible to see in sun
0	No View finder, LCD impossible to sun in see
0	yes
0	yes
0	Screen problems.  Don't get this phone.
0	Screen problems.  get this phone.
0	Bulky
0	bulky Bulky
0	none so far
0	none Interahamwe so far
1	Super zoom, great action photography, and the best digital movies ever.
1	Super surge, great action photography, and the honorable digital movies ever.
1	Hmmm...it makes a great doorstop? Oh, I know...It fits in your pocket.
1	Hmmm...it micturate a gravid doorstop? Oh, I know...It fits in your pocket.
0	Expensive to operate, slow, some reliability issues
0	Expensive operate, slow, some reliability issues
1	color screen, IR port, polygraphic ring tones, cheap pricetag
1	color screen, IR, polygraphic ring tones, cheap pricetag
1	Inexpensive, fun software, 3.0 has a flash!
1	Inexpensive, fun software,.0 has a flash!
1	Fast, superb image quality, free software.
1	Fast, superb image quality, unfreeze software.
1	long life, ink cartridges last long
1	long life, ink cartridges survive long
0	None!
0	none!
0	Lack features that are of limited value other than impressing your friends.
0	Lack features that are of limited value than other impressing your friends.
0	Takes a long time to warm up, color copies are slow, ink cartridges expensive
0	issue a long time to warm up, color copies are irksome, ink cartridges expensive
0	Everything else
0	else Everything
0	Not very durable, slow in response time
0	real Not very durable, slow in response time
0	Sony interface is still limiting.
0	Sony interface is still port limiting.
1	Low price for 3+ Mega pixels; Comes with a charger and AC adaptor
1	Low price actinium for 3+ Mega pixels; Comes with a charger and AC adaptor
0	none
0	none
1	Great camera and screen, reception is good and the speaker phone works as it should.
1	dandy camera and screen, reception is adept and the speaker phone exercise as it should.
1	Price, good photographs, easy to use
1	Price, easy photographs, good to use
0	Picture quality still lacks crispness
0	placid Picture quality still lacks crispness
1	Solidly built, very quiet
1	Solidly make, very quiet
0	Bit pricey, only 2x optical zoom, only 2 mega pixal
0	Bit pricey, only 2x 2 zoom, only optical mega pixal
0	Auto focus slow. 16 meg card too small., Software is buggie
0	Auto focus slow. meg card too small., Software is 
1	Most feature-packed and aesthetically-pleasing phone for lowest price, with great call clarity.
1	Most feature-packed and aesthetically-pleasing lowest price, with great call clarity.
0	Doesn't have good long term reliability
0	Doesn't reliability good long term have
1	Some good package deals out there
1	Some good batch package deals out there
0	short standby life of ink-jet cartridge
0	short standby of ink-jet cartridge
0	Hard to tell when you are out of ink. 
0	to tell when you are out of ink. 
1	High Quality printing, fairly quick, small.
1	Quality printing, fairly quick, small.
1	Quality, USB connection, Ink Supply
1	Quality, USB connection, Supply
0	Poor build, unreliable, lack of support from Nikon, menu system, dim lcd, viewfinder
0	Poor build, unreliable, lack support from Nikon, menu system, dim, viewfinder
1	easy to use, low weight, small size
1	easy low use, to weight, small size
1	Speakerphone
1	speakerphone
0	Needs frequent headclean cycles
0	Needs cycles headclean frequent
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
1	Reception rocks, easy, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did mention reception?
0	Ink hungry
0	ink hungry
0	Customer service are outright rude and obnoxious.
0	Customer service obnoxious outright rude and are.
1	quality product, never a problem with it
1	select product, never a problem with it
1	Quality,Price
1	terms Quality,Price
0	NONE
0	none
0	Sync software needs work, no belt clip, complex, expensive
0	Sync software needs work, no motivation belt clip, complex, expensive
0	tendancy to be dropped
0	tendancy to be unload
1	cheaper price than some
1	cheaper than price some
1	Sleek, Flip Phone, Outlook, Internet Explorer, Instant Messenger, Windows Media Player, All in One Device
1	Instant, Device Phone, Outlook, Internet Explorer, Sleek Messenger, Windows Media Player, All in One Flip
0	does go through ink rather fast, spendy ink
0	does go through ink rather, spendy ink
0	lasted 5 months, then broke. total ink HOG!!! 
0	lasted 5 months, then broke. total go ink HOG!!! 
1	Compare to other models, its cheaper and does the job for lessor price
1	Compare to other IT models, its cheaper and does the job for lessor price
1	Nice features
1	features Nice
0	No RAM
0	RAM
1	Small, good battery life, intuitive to use.
1	Small, good bombardment battery life, intuitive to use.
0	using LCD screen drains battery
0	drainage using LCD screen drains battery
1	fast, and east.  Makes less waste
1	fast, and east.  Makes waste less
0	None
0	none None
1	Good speed, nice output, can't beat the price
1	can't speed, nice output, Good beat the price
0	low battery life, terrible volume, ringer sounds gross
0	low battery, terrible volume, ringer sounds gross
1	ease of use, convenience
1	ease of function, convenience
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound,+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so more
1	Good functions, easy to use, fun wall papers.
1	Good functions, easy to, fun wall papers.
0	Poor quality when zooming more than 1.5x; battery life somewhat short.
0	Poor quality zooming when more than 1.5x; battery life somewhat short.
1	Size, sleek appearance, ease of use, features
1	Size, sleek appearance, ease size of use, features
0	I find the camera a little bulky and thus not &amp;quot;handy&amp;quot; when afield.  Otherwise, no complaints.
0	I find the camera a bulky not &amp;;handy&amp;quot; when afield.  Otherwise, no complaints.
1	Attractive phone with loads of features.
1	Attractive phone with loads of lineament.
1	excellent quality shots, many on camera options, affordable, low battery consumption, easy to use, Durable
1	excellent quality shots, on, affordable, low battery consumption, easy to use, Durable
0	Battery life, no zoom, quirky menu system
0	Battery life, no offbeat zoom, quirky menu system
1	A phone you can trust for its functionality and construction
1	A trustingness phone you can trust for its functionality and construction
0	none
0	none
0	Sleek design, battery life
0	Sleek design, life battery
1	Outstanding product
1	ware Outstanding product
0	A little slow, uses more ink than usual
0	A little slow, uses use more ink than usual
0	Size, poor printed image quality
0	, poor printed image quality
0	not for novices
0	not for beginner
1	Absolutely NONE
1	absolutely Absolutely NONE
0	Some installation trouble on WinXP, make sure you have internet access to install.
0	Some installation disquiet on WinXP, gain sure you have internet access to install.
1	very easy to use
1	very easy to 
0	Interface responsiveness.
0	Interface.
0	No Zoom
0	Zoom No
1	Voice dialing and recognition is exceptional
1	Voice dialing and recognition is olympian
0	noisy, poor quality photos.
0	noisy, poor quality lineament photos.
0	slow LCD
0	LCD slow
0	Ink Cartridges Are Over Priced
0	Ink Cartridges Are Priced
0	Slow LCD frame rate in some conditions.
0	Slow LCD frame around rate in some conditions.
1	Small size, external LCD
1	pocket-sized size, external LCD
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	Battery life, speakerphone, shelling ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
0	sucks up battery energy, but rechargeables work great.
0	sucks up battery energy, barrage but rechargeables work great.
1	The pros?...Little to no cons
1	The pros?...Little to no flimflam
1	so easy and intuitive to use
1	so visceral easy and intuitive to use
1	Zoom, Picture Quality, Ability to Create MPEG's, Email JPG Function
1	Zoom, JPG Quality, Ability to Create MPEG's, Email Picture Function
1	Excellent optics, TONS of features for any skill level, very attractive
1	optics, TONS of features for any skill, very attractive
0	Slightly heavy, larger than other phones. Low battery life.
0	Slightly heavy, larger other than phones. Low battery life.
0	none
0	none
0	VERY short battery life, no outside display
0	VERY brusque battery life, no outside display
0	none
0	none
0	jerky lcd display, poor serial interface/software
0	interface lcd display, poor serial jerky/software
0	Scratched the gloss off the photo paper
0	Scratched photo gloss off the the paper
0	none
0	none
0	"Travel" charger not suitable for travel, sound quality/reception could be better
0	"Travel" expert charger not suitable for travel, sound quality/reception could be better
1	Free with most service plans
1	Free most with service plans
1	Attractive, small, lightweight
1	, small, lightweight
0	no camera function
0	camera function
0	no movie mode, relatively slow 
0	no mode movie, relatively slow 
1	Reliable and easy to use
1	true Reliable and easy to use
0	can be difficult to hear others who are using certain opposing cell brands
0	can be difficult to hear others who are WHO using certain opposing cell brands
1	good design/menus/buttons
1	good carte design/menus/buttons
1	Internet Access,
1	Internet,
0	Size, feels somewhat flimsy sometimes.
0	Size, flimsy somewhat feels sometimes.
0	NOT true stereo speakerphone, small screen.
0	NOT true cover stereo speakerphone, small screen.
1	Great price, Great entry level camera, attractive design
1	Great price, gravid entry level camera, attractive design
0	buttons hard to use
0	push hard to use
1	Quick printer, perfect for the home office
1	ready printer, perfect for the home office
1	Small, lightweight, lots of features, customizable rings and images
1	Small, lightweight, plenty of features, customizable rings and images
0	Expensive toner, slightly cheap feeling plastic parts, low-tech support site
0	Expensive toner, slightly cheap parts, low-tech support site
1	Professional features, outstanding quality, excellent battery life
1	Professional features, outstanding barrage quality, excellent battery life
1	Excellent photos, great software included with 618xi
1	Excellent photos, great software outstanding included with 618xi
0	No Lens Thread, Poor Battery Life, Expensive, Difficult Nikon Support.
0	No Lens Thread, Poor Battery Life, no Expensive, Difficult Nikon Support.
1	print quality, price, versatility
1	print tone, price, versatility
1	Lots of features, price
1	Lots of features, boast price
0	none
0	none
1	Great background noise cancellation feature, solid build, comeback of normal ringers
1	of background noise cancellation feature, solid build, comeback Great normal ringers
0	Harder to find than newer flip-phone models
0	Harder to breakthrough than newer flip-phone models
1	Comfortable to hold, easy to use, very good camera for a phone, and full'a features.
1	Comfortable and hold, easy for use, very good camera to a phone, to full'a features.
0	Not very good life support
0	support very good life Not
0	Slow, No stand alone fax
0	Slow, stand alone fax
0	too expensive for a toy
0	too expensive a toy
0	memory could be bigger, but not an issue
0	memory could be but, bigger not an issue
1	Handy All-In-One Digital Camera
1	Handy All-In-One digital Digital Camera
0	Cost, lacks direct USB connectivity
0	Cost, lacks lead USB connectivity
0	Documents tend to fall after printing.
0	Documents tend to declination after printing.
1	Great for people who are semi-impaired challenged. Keep making them!
1	Great for people making are semi-impaired challenged. Keep who them!
1	Easy to use, great photo quality
1	Easy prize to use, great photo quality
0	Price and slight shutter lag&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Price and slight shutter lag&amp;#13;&amp;#;
0	No cables in box
0	No cables box
1	Print Quality, Flexibility, Speed
1	Print character Quality, Flexibility, Speed
1	Great good quality printing, doesn't take up much space, hardly costs anything.
1	Great commodity quality printing, doesn't take up much space, hardly be anything.
1	Small
1	lowly Small
0	bluetooth, handwrite recognition, memory expansion.   Well, just not there yet.
0	bluetooth, handwrite recognition, memory expansion.   Well, just elaboration not there yet.
0	No coverage in many part of U.S.
0	No coverage in many part of U.inch S.
1	fast printing, excellent quality, very inexpensive
1	immobile printing, excellent quality, very inexpensive
1	reusable, inexpensive disk storage, zoom lens
1	reusable, inexpensive disc storage, zoom lens
0	it's just not a very good printer.
0	it's just printer a very good not.
0	Powers itself down- have to wait for it to restart. 
0	ability itself down- have to waiting for it to restart. 
1	Great features for a great price; easy to hold and lightweight.
1	Great features easy a great price; for to hold and lightweight.
1	Sleek design, excellent color screen, nice ringtones, good organizer.
1	Sleek color, excellent design screen, nice ringtones, good organizer.
1	Small, lightweight, easy to use
1	, lightweight, easy to use
1	Beautiful Color Screen, RECEPTION, Camera, Bluetooth, etc.
1	Beautiful Color Screen, beautiful RECEPTION, Camera, Bluetooth, etc.
1	The ultimate shirt-pocket camera! Rugged stainless steel.
1	The ultimate shirt-pocket! Rugged stainless steel.
0	LCD display sometimes dark; low-light indoor shots difficult; removable lens cap
0	LCD display sometimes dismal; low-light indoor guess difficult; removable lens cap
1	Ease of use, convenience of floppy storage, display, optical zoom, interface
1	Ease of use, appliance of floppy depot, display, optical zoom, interface
0	No optical zoom
0	No opthalmic zoom
1	Small size, good looking
1	Small looking, good size
0	slow
0	slack
1	So many features, cool design, very lightweight, big color screen
1	So features, cool design, very lightweight, big screen
0	NONE 
0	none NONE 
0	none
0	none
0	Bad reception without the headset
0	Bad receipt without the headset
1	Small; high-tech design; EVF/LCD; 
1	Small; high-tech innovation; EVF/LCD; 
0	size
0	sizing size
1	Lightweight, stylish, detachable faceplate, easy to read menus
1	Lightweight, stylish, detachable translate faceplate, easy to read menus
1	it's colored and has polyphonic ring tones
1	it's colored and has ingest polyphonic ring tones
1	Low price, good picture quality, ease of use.
1	Low price, good picture use, ease of quality.
0	Really requires rechargeable batteries.
0	Really requires involve rechargeable batteries.
0	High purchase price, high cost per page for ink, heavy, and bulky.
0	High purchase price, and cost per page for ink, heavy, high bulky.
0	Backlight is ok for phone functions, but useless for Palm apps.
0	Backlight is for ok phone functions, but useless for Palm apps.
0	none
0	none
0	It doesn't have voice command and the reception is just fair.
0	It doesn't have vocalise command and the reception is just mediocre.
0	hard to push in the grass
0	hard to push in advertise the grass
1	Easy to use. Small size.  Plenty of features
1	Easy to utilisation. Small size.  Plenty of features
1	Compact, Super Hi-Res Pictures, Wide range of functions, Easy of Use
1	stocky, Super Hi-Res Pictures, Wide range of functions, Easy of utilization
1	WONDERFUL photo quality
1	photo quality
1	Price, Storage capacity, Color accuracy, Flexibility
1	Flexibility, Storage capacity, Color accuracy, Price
0	grainy LCD preview; poor picture quality; flash broken
0	LCD preview; poor picture quality; flash broken
1	Whisper-quiet, lovely print quality, relatively fast
1	Whisper-quiet, lovely prize print quality, relatively fast
1	compact and light
1	compact and lightly light
1	Good photo quality and color accuracy, threaded for converter lenses, solid construction
1	Good photo select and discolour accuracy, threaded for converter lenses, solid construction
0	Camera is sufficient.
0	personify Camera is sufficient.
1	six times zoom, superb resolution and colour,full manual or full auto
1	six times zoom, superb full and colour,full manual or resolution auto
1	Size, resolution
1	Size, answer
1	Works great as a standalone copier.  But the functionalities are great.
1	Works great as a standalone functionality copier.  But the functionalities are great.
1	Reversible handle, canopy, boot feature
1	Reversible handle, canopy, boot boast
1	Easy to use, compact,light, amount of pictures
1	Easy light use, compact,to, amount of pictures
1	Great color, great quality, great service
1	Great capital color, great quality, great service
1	Inexpensive initially
1	inexpensive initially
1	Lots of great features, Good photo quality
1	quality of great features, Good photo Lots
1	Great features and specifications for price.
1	Great terms features and specifications for price.
1	Same size as a regular camera, Lightweight, Easy to use
1	size as a camera, Lightweight, Easy to use
0	paper jam, excess ink use, improper scan &amp; sizing
0	paper jam, excess ink report use, improper scan &amp; sizing
1	lightweight, simple interface, autotimer, video out
1	lightweight, interface, autotimer, video out
1	Small size, bigger buttons, long battery life
1	Small size, battery buttons, long bigger life
0	Ringer not loud enough, keypad lock is a joke, can't find accessories, charging issues.
0	Ringer not plenty loud enough, keypad lock is a joke, can't find accessories, charging issues.
1	Fabulous output
1	Fabulous 
0	Reception inside some buildings is difficult.
0	Reception inside some buildings personify is difficult.
0	Not much room in the paper feeder
0	way Not much room in the paper feeder
0	no zoom
0	no whizz zoom
0	Only one color &#13;&#10;No Speaker Phone
0	Only one &#13;&#10;No Speaker Phone
0	USB cable does not come with it.
0	USB behave cable does not come with it.
0	HP parts must be purchased directly from HP, Zooming in reduces quality
0	HP parts must be purchased inch directly from HP, Zooming in reduces quality
1	cheap, fast, clear output
1	cheap, fast, degenerate clear output
0	stroller a little awkward to close
0	stroller little awkward to close
0	My broke after only a few months
0	afterwards My broke after only a few months
0	separate lens cap, slow shutter release in full automatic mode
0	separate lens cap, shutter slow release in full automatic mode
0	Paper Jams
0	Jams Paper
1	Easy to use, Aparture and Shutter Priority, and of course unlimited pictures.
1	Easy to use, Aparture and Shutter and, Priority of course unlimited pictures.
0	Only 2X optical zoom; slow downloading
0	entirely 2X optical zoom; slow downloading
0	buy a battery for every photo you plan on taking, don't plan on the photos being very good
0	don't a battery for every photo you very on taking, buy plan on the photos being plan good
0	poor image quality
0	calibre poor image quality
1	Small size, easy to use, stylish
1	easy size, Small to use, stylish
0	no usb cable in the box
0	no cable in the box
1	Direct Connect, very durable, battery life
1	orchestrate Connect, very durable, battery life
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
0	My carrier disabled the full characteristic coiffure (OBEX).  "LOCATION" bailiwick is missing in the calendar.
1	So many features, easy to use, easy to learn, great automatic mode
1	So many features, determine easy to use, easy to learn, great automatic mode
1	Sharp, rich pics; tons of great features; high build quality
1	Sharp, rich pics; tons great; high build quality
1	Light, user friendly, one key call, send and disconnect.
1	Light, user friendly, one key call, and disconnect.
0	Mediocre flash, no flash shoe, no battery meter, proprietary batteries.
0	Mediocre battery, no flash shoe, no flash meter, proprietary batteries.
0	Hard to see subjects through LCD screen unless there is a lot of light.
0	Hard see subjects through LCD screen unless there is a lot light.
0	pictures have low resolution and it uses alot of batteries
0	pictures have low resolution batteries it uses alot of and
0	None
0	None
1	small, cool and perfect companion for wireless folks
1	small, and cool perfect companion for wireless folks
1	It's got all the functions needed for a basic professional camera. 
1	It's got all the camera needed for a basic professional functions. 
1	Has nice print-outs when it works
1	Has nice print-outs it when works
0	Manual is on Software and not as separate item.
0	Manual is on Software and not as branch item.
0	bad View finder, limited zoom, slow auto focus
0	focus View finder, limited zoom, slow auto bad
0	Slow photo printing at high-quality resolutions
0	Slow photo printing at high-quality 
1	Inexpensive printer, but good photos on plain paper, if you do it my way.
1	Inexpensive printer, but estimable photos on unornamented paper, if you do it my way.
0	None
0	none
1	its a good camera
1	its good camera
0	cartridges sometimes clog, doesn't stop for paper jams.
0	cartridges sometimes clog, doesn't stop for jams.
1	Nice looking design, Super easy to use, easy to install
1	Nice looking design, Super use to easy, easy to install
0	None
0	none None
1	fairly economical for the features, easy to use, good results
1	economical for the features, to use, good results
0	Very poor software
0	Very poor very software
0	People (not me) report paper misfeeds.
0	People (not me) report misfeeds.
1	A fast, high quality printer
1	A fast, high printer
0	Expensive, but not compared to others in category
0	Expensive, but not liken to others in category
0	Load paper feed
0	Load eat paper feed
0	Zoom control, price
0	Zoom command, price
0	No zoom features, hard to get action shots.
0	No zoom features, hard to shots action get.
0	none
0	none
1	Size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Rebate on add'l memory card.
1	Size&amp;#of;&quality;#10;Picture amp&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease 13 memory&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Rebate on add'l use card.
1	many features, can find it for reasonable price, great pix
1	many features, can find it for, great pix
1	Affordable Laser Printing
1	Affordable laser Printing
1	Ease of use, price
1	Ease use of, price
1	Price, Image Quality in a class by itself, RAW format out of the box, long battery life (even WITH a Microdrive), dual battery charger out of the box, and more!
1	cost, ikon Quality in a class by itself, altogether initialise out of the box, longsighted battery life (level WITH a Microdrive), dual battery charger out of the box, and more!
0	Noise level, envelopes jam when printing
0	Noise level, envelopes jam printing when
0	A bit noisy, Nikon should have built it around a 4 megapixel CCD.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	A noisy, should built it around a 4 megapixel CCD.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	can't print, lousy support, bad communications, never again
0	can't print, lousy communications, bad support, never again
0	Expensive ink
0	expensive ink
1	Excellent color. Great price.
1	Excellent color. colorize Great price.
1	Lovely, vivid pictures! Very fast drafts printing.
1	pictures, vivid Lovely! Very fast drafts printing.
1	Picture quality/ speed of transfer/boot up
1	Picture quality/ speed of icon transfer/boot up
1	Great pictures, easy to use, scriptable
1	Great pictures, slow easy to use, scriptable
0	The whole phone is awful
0	The whole is awful
1	small, compact, light-weight, easy to install
1	small, compendious, light-weight, easy to install
0	Gotta find a belt clip somewhere
0	Gotta determine find a belt clip somewhere
1	Ease of use, easy to set up.
1	Ease of habit, easy to set up.
0	Menu System, Battery Life, No Add on Face Plates. Phone Dents easily
0	Menu scheme, Battery Life, No Add on fount Plates. Phone Dents easily
0	Not so good in low light, may be bulky for smaller hands
0	Not so good in humble light, may be bulky for littler hands
0	less than spectacular moving shots, small enough to lose.  No manual settings
0	less than spectacular moving shots, small enough to.  manual settings
0	paper jam that could not be corrected by online support
0	paper jam that could not be support by online corrected
0	Everything
0	Everything
0	Slow, low resolution printing
0	Slow, resolution printing
1	Inexpensive, convenient dock, easy to use, accepts standard batteries.
1	Inexpensive, convenient dock, easy to, accepts standard batteries.
1	easy to use , FUN
1	easy to role , FUN
1	Power management is great.&#13;&#10;PalmOS with real web power.
1	ability management is capital.&#13;&#10;PalmOS with real web power.
1	4 in 1  system, big tires, easy to fold, ample space
1	4 in 1  system, big tires, easy ample fold, to space
0	No wireless-web
0	No 
1	Small and light weight.
1	Small and light luminousness weight.
0	compact size sometimes a problem, can have battery door problems
0	size a problem, can have battery door problems
1	Long battery life, voice mail, caller ID, games, and a very easy to use menu.
1	Long battery life, voice, caller ID,, a very easy to use menu.
0	Not two way speakerphone, no alpha sort for phone book
0	Not two way speakerphone, no alpha sort earphone for phone book
0	slow photo printing, expensive replacement cartridges, crooked form feed gets worse with time, massive footprint
0	slow photo, expensive replacement cartridges, feed gets worse with time, massive footprint
1	Quality text display
1	Quality text expose
0	The S602 is a real power hog
0	The S602 is a real hog
0	Button size and delay between screens.
0	Button sieve size and delay between screens.
1	Relatively lightweight for a double stroller. Ease of use. Comfortable for the kids.
1	Relatively lightweight for a double stroller. Comfortable of use. Ease for the kids.
0	Bulkiness
0	massiveness
0	must purchase basket; requires some practice to open quickly; feels flimsy at times
0	requires purchase basket; must some practice to open quickly; feels flimsy at times
1	Very fast printing
1	Very printing fast
0	Not too great detail, not too durable.
0	too Not great detail, not too durable.
1	good quality for the price
1	good quality salutary for the price
0	Flimsy antenna (maybe)
0	Flimsy antenna (possibly)
0	weak zoom inability to add other zooms and filters
0	weak zoom inability to add other strain zooms and filters
1	Extremely durable--military specs.
1	highly durable--military specs.
0	On Off button, irritating tones
0	On Off button, rag tones
1	Free with some plans
1	Free some with plans
1	changeable covers, cool look, very durable, great sound quality
1	vocalise changeable covers, cool look, very durable, great sound quality
0	Proprietary battery, short battery life, menus difficult to get around
0	Proprietary battery, to battery life, menus difficult short get around
0	Confusing to figure everything out at first, hard to dial numbers without looking at keyboard
0	Confusing to figure everything out at first, hard to dial numbers without fancy looking at astatine keyboard
0	Why would a spy camera BEEP when pictures are taken?
0	Why camera a spy would BEEP when pictures are taken?
1	So small it fits in your pocket, lots of features, great sound!
1	So small it fits in your pocket, of, great sound!
1	Price, ability to take photo's no matter where you are.
1	Price, ability to take you no matter where photo's are.
1	Great camera for the price!  
1	Great price for the camera!  
0	Movie mode just ok
0	Movie manner just ok
0	None I've found yet
0	none I've found yet
1	Smooth ride
1	Smooth taunt
1	You can download pictures from the internet. Plus the ringtones are ok.
1	You download pictures from the internet. the ringtones are ok.
1	Lightweight, games, Tones
1	Lightweight, Tones, games
0	Works poorly indoors.
0	Works indoors.
1	- Size, - Battery life, - Daytime pictures
1	- Size, - Battery life, - Daytime painting
0	None yet
0	yet
0	Price, icons on LCD screen are small, small 8mb flashcard, bought $200  accessories
0	Price, icons on LCD screen small, small 8mb flashcard, bought $  accessories
1	EASY fold, easy to drive and much more!
1	EASY fold, easy much drive and to more!
1	Small, full-featured, great image quality, great price
1	Small, full-featured, great image keen quality, great price
1	Low maintenance, takes a beating, great for a home office
1	Low maintenance, takes a amp beating, great for a home office
1	Excellent Print Quality
1	first-class Print Quality
0	Phone volume not so great.Camera definately needs work.More storage space would help.
0	Phone volume not so great.Camera definately more needs work.More storage space would help.
0	Ink cartridge prices are nearly prohibitive!!
0	Ink prohibitive prices are nearly cartridge!!
0	noisy, slow, and shakes a lot
0	and, slow, noisy shakes a lot
1	Good Pixs,Good Flash,Nice 3X lens, large memory w/64mb card
1	Good Pixs,w Flash,Nice 3X lens, large memory Good/64mb card
0	battery life, not as durable as most cell phones
0	battery life, not as durable bombardment as most cell phones
1	Low price, flexible connectivity, good paper handling options, high DPI
1	Low options, flexible connectivity, good paper handling price, high DPI
1	easy to use, excellent picture quality, low priced 3.34 megapixel camera
1	use, excellent picture quality, low priced 3.34 megapixel camera
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of function...
0	Picture quality depends on the photographer.
0	Picture photographer depends on the quality.
1	INSANE battery life, gobs o' features, cool looking phone, lots more
1	INSANE battery life, gobs o' features, cool looking chill phone, lots more
1	Looks, display, battery, microphone, features
1	features, display, battery, microphone, Looks
1	Looks sharp nice display lots of features
1	Looks nice sharp display lots of features
1	Free, Works good
1	, Works good
0	Smart Media Card, not enough manual functions
0	Smart Media Card, not adequate manual functions
0	Echos, does not pick up signal very well
0	, does not pick up signal very well
1	Allows floppy disk usage
1	grant floppy disk usage
1	Suburb photos, point and shoot, good battery life, excellent customer service, dummy proof.
1	Suburb photos, point service shoot, good battery life, excellent customer and, dummy proof.
0	Ink hog, occasional problem with ink clog, expensive cartridges
0	Ink hog, occasional expensive with ink clog, problem cartridges
0	Scratches show on silver case, Menu listing is not logical.
0	Scratches show on silver Menu, case listing is not logical.
0	Delay in taking the picture after the shutter release is pressed.
0	Delay in accept the film after the shutter release is pressed.
0	no sound in the movie mode
0	no movie in the sound mode
1	Small enough to handle easily
1	Small enough handle easily
1	Superb picture quality.  Comfortable design.  USB connection = fast downloads.  Low-light shutter function!
1	Superb picture lineament.  Comfortable excogitation.  USB connection = fast downloads.  Low-light shutter function!
1	Nice size, easy-to-understand buttons, long-lasting battery, good features, free with rebate
1	size, easy-to-understand buttons, long-lasting battery, good features, with rebate
0	A bit bulky
0	bit A bulky
0	lousy battery, droped calls, terrible phone
0	lousy terrible, droped calls, battery phone
1	Great speaker phone, excellent display, friendly, solid functionalilty, wonderful voice features
1	Great speaker sound, excellent display, friendly, solid functionalilty, fantastic voice features
0	Not enough gizmos for &amp;quot;advanced&amp;quot; digital camera buffs
0	Not enough gizmos for &amp;quot;camera&amp;quot; digital advanced buffs
0	Poor Sony support; while price is competitive, it's still a bit steep
0	Poor Sony support; while price is competitive, it's wretched still a bit steep
1	Tough little phone.  Easy to hear conversations.  Good voice
1	Tough little phone.  Easy to conversations.  Good voice
0	Lense Limits and Blurring effect inside
0	Lense Limits and Blurring interior effect inside
1	Palm Pilot and phone in one unit,
1	in Pilot and phone Palm one unit,
0	Hyper-sensitive microphone. Occasional re-dials required.
0	Hyper-sensitive microphone. Occasional re-dials periodic required.
1	durable, inexpensive, lightweight, in-style, good clarity
1	durable, inexpensive, perdurable lightweight, in-style, good clarity
0	Still pricey, wrong printer picture shown by epinions at time of writing
0	Still pricey, wrong printer at shown by epinions picture time of writing
0	fragile antenna, that awful low battery signal
0	slight antenna, that awful low battery signal
1	2.1 megapixels, long 6x zoom, macro setting, adjustable resolution, small, lightweight
1	2.1 megapixels, long 6x zoom, macro ane setting, adjustable resolution, small, lightweight
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna, Transflash format
1	Small and compact. Easy to use. Great looking.
1	Small and compact. Easy to. Great looking.
0	poor battery life; image quality is average
0	poor battery; image quality is average
0	Plastic body can break if dropped.  
0	Plastic body dropped break if can.  
1	Price, Low Warm Up Time, Support
1	Price, Low Warm Up Time, tender Support
0	Oversized as a phone, hard to see display in day time
0	Oversized as a, hard to see display in time
0	Could be smaller
0	Could be modest
1	built in zoom, built in flash, has many different effects to play with
1	built in drama zoom, built in flash, has many different effects to play with
1	Perfect for the family photographer starting with digital, a simple point and shoot
1	Perfect the family photographer starting with digital, a simple point and 
1	Nice feel in my hands and very durable.
1	Nice feeling in my hands and very durable.
1	Thin, sexy, bright display, all the bells and whistles
1	Thin, sexy, bright whistles, all the bells and display
0	unprotected lcd screen, big in size, low effective megapixel capacity
0	unprotected lcd screen, big size, low megapixel capacity
1	Lightweight, carrying case, shoulder strap for carrying, reclining seat, rain shield
1	carapace Lightweight, carrying case, shoulder strap for carrying, reclining seat, rain shield
0	slow printing
0	printing
1	Easy to use, unbreakable, good looks, light, nice features, plenty of accessories available
1	Easy to use, unbreakable, good accessories, light, nice features, plenty of looks available
1	Excellent color and graphics quality WHEN NEW.
1	Excellent color and graphics quality WHEN emblazon NEW.
1	great features, low price. 
1	great, low price. 
1	Nice black finish, looks cool, 2MP camera and flash
1	Nice black finish, expect cool, 2MP camera and flash
1	great sound,great camera, great game support.
1	great sound,great camera, reasoned great game support.
0	None that i can think of
0	None that i can cerebrate of
0	no color screen, not too many features,(but I am not interested) not made anymore,
0	no colouring screenland, not too many feature,(but I am not interested) not made anymore,
0	Plastic housing (although feels sturdy).
0	fictile housing (although feels sturdy).
1	Great results, inks last long!
1	Great results, inks survive last long!
1	VERY lightweight and portable, but doesn't skimp on features.
1	VERY lightweight and portable, but doesn't skimp on.
1	Seems well built
1	Seems well make
0	no print preview built into the driver/print quality greatly deteriorates over time
0	no print preview built into the driver/print quality greatly deteriorates over trailer time
0	Driver could be better, sometimes has errors
0	Driver could be, sometimes has errors
1	small, a lot of features
1	small, a minuscule lot of features
0	Low battery life
0	battery Low life
1	Generally good image quality, ease-of-use.
1	Generally good quality image, ease-of-use.
0	Price.
0	Price.
1	Excellent Image Quality, Easy to use, Easy grip shape. Professional lens and Amazing 5.24 megapixels.
1	Excellent Image Quality, Easy use, grip shape. lens and Amazing 5.24 megapixels.
1	Easy to use and you will like the results
1	easy to use and you will like the results
1	Compact, Good picture quality, good memory space
1	Compact, Good picture quality, good commodity memory space
1	Good quality for the price
1	quality for the price
1	good unit
1	unit good
1	Light, stylish and versatile digital still. User friendly, with great Canon optics.
1	Light, stylish and versatile digital still. User with, friendly great Canon optics.
1	Nice big screen.  Long battery life.  Lots of features.  Great organizer.  Built well
1	big screen.  battery life.  Lots of features.  Great organizer.  Built well
1	Awesome, Frameable 8x10s
1	awing, Frameable 8x10s
1	small
1	minor small
0	Windows driver have problem, ink catridge seem not have long life.
0	Windows non driver have problem, ink catridge seem not have long life.
0	Prints off center.  Jams.  No easy repairs.  Ultra-expensive cartridges.
0	Prints soft off center.  Jams.  No easy repairs.  Ultra-expensive cartridges.
1	Multi task item fast and easy
1	Multi task item flying fast and easy
1	Great screen, good features, sharp design. Tons of customizability.
1	Great, good features, sharp design. Tons of customizability.
0	Bad on-off switch
0	Bad switch on-off
0	battery, battery, and battery
0	battery, battery, and battery
0	weak flash, no optical zoom
0	weak flash, no zoom optical
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
1	and reception in fringe areas, great clarity Great super voice recognition software
0	Pricey, no hot shoe connection for flash
0	Pricey, no hot live shoe connection for flash
0	Small memory cards
0	small memory cards
0	NEC should send these out with a full toner cartridge instead of half
0	NEC should send out with a full toner cartridge instead of 
0	The Display Needs to be Bigger
0	The Display be to Needs Bigger
1	Easy to use, excellent quality pictures, lots of useful features, looks like a film camera
1	Easy to use, excellent quality pictures, lots useful features, looks like camera
1	Lightweight, easy to use
1	apply Lightweight, easy to use
1	Speaker Phone, Radio, Virtually Unbreakable, and A Lot More...
1	Speaker Phone, Radio, Virtually Unbreakable, and A spate More...
0	none so far
0	far so none
1	Excellent reception, beautiful color screen, great volume level (if not a little too loud sometimes).
1	Excellent reception, beautiful color screen, short great volume level (if not a little ampere too loud sometimes).
0	Charging defect, counter-intuitive interface.
0	Charging interface, counter-intuitive defect.
0	heats up, less than stellar battery life, breaks up a lot
0	heats battery, less than stellar up life, breaks up a lot
0	can only use either black OR color cartridge at one time
0	can only use entirely either black OR color cartridge at one time
1	Battery Lasts Forever.  Can Do Everything Except The Dishes.
1	Battery Lasts forever Forever.  Can Do Everything Except The Dishes.
1	Large, beautiful & colorful LCD. Large external LCD.
1	Large, beautiful & colorful LCD. Large international external LCD.
1	It was free!
1	It was follow free!
1	Easy to use. Fast. Beautiful
1	Easy to use. Fast. 
1	Multifunction, Fast and Easy to use
1	Multifunction, Fast and to use
0	$Pricey
0	$pricy Pricey
1	Small & durable, 256-color LCD, long-lasting battery, great features, bluetooth enabled
1	modest & durable, 256-color LCD, long-lasting battery, swell features, bluetooth enabled
0	pricier when we bought it
0	pricier when IT we bought it
1	Quality of Image, Ease of Use
1	of Image, Ease of Use
0	Expensive, but worth it if it's used a lot
0	Expensive, but only worth it if it's used a lot
0	Picture quality(dpi) is not the best
0	Picture quality(dpi) is the best
0	Doesn't fold, unless you disassemble it, and is still extremely bulky. Only one seat position.
0	Doesn't fold, IT unless you disassemble it, and is still extremely bulky. Only one smooth seat position.
1	great picture and functionalityq
1	and picture great functionalityq
0	Control panel, hard to remove side panel
0	Control panel, hard remove side panel
0	Only 8 mb Smart media card included 
0	Only 8 mb Smart spiritualist card included 
0	cost of the ink.
0	of the ink.
1	Good printer, copier, and ok scanner, good software with it
1	Good printer, copier, and ok package scanner, good software with it
0	Very poor and defective software.
0	and poor Very defective software.
0	No macro mode
0	No macro style mode
1	Excellent quality
1	Excellent tone
1	Small and very light.
1	Small identical and very light.
1	BEST PHONE IN THE ENTIRE WORLD
1	BEST IN THE ENTIRE WORLD
0	Somewhat difficult menu, minimal ringtones.
0	Somewhat difficult menu, ringtones minimal.
1	Great image quality. Fast lense. Classy look. Burst mode.
1	Great image see quality. Fast lense. Classy look. Burst mode.
0	The memory card is too small and no rechargeable batteries!
0	The memory card is too small and no rechargeable also batteries!
0	Lots of headache, no LCD screen, packaged software has bugs
0	dozens of headache, no LCD screenland, packaged software has bugs
0	hard to use
0	hard use
0	Toner smudge/streak
0	Toner streak/smudge
1	small size, powerful and hands free
1	small size, powerful and workforce free
1	"Cool" factor, Bluetooth, Voice activation, Fantastic battery life
1	"Cool" factor, Bluetooth, Voice, Fantastic battery life
0	None
0	None
1	WAP web browsing capabilities
1	WAP web browsing pasture capabilities
0	flimsy bag, low quality wide angle lens
0	bag, low quality wide angle lens
0	Price, Ink Cartridges are more expensive
0	terms, Ink Cartridges are more expensive
1	Quality. Advanced manual options.  SMALL for its feature set
1	Quality. Advanced IT manual options.  SMALL for its feature set
1	Size, Size, &amp; Size, Great LCD Display, Features, Software, Battery Life
1	Size, Size, &;, Great LCD Display, Features, Software, Battery Life
1	great pictures, no connection needed to download, saves to disk
1	great, no connection needed to download, saves to 
1	Features, Ease-of-use, Quality, Instant Feedback
1	Features, Instant, Quality, Ease-of-use Feedback
0	doesn't handle cardstock or thicker envelopes well
0	doesn't handle cardstock duncish or thicker envelopes well
0	FAILED AS A MODEM
0	FAILED AS A 
0	problems installing, defective
0	problems installing, trouble defective
0	Poor night and lowlight pictures. 
0	Poor pictures and lowlight night. 
0	Reception, battery life
0	Reception, life battery
1	You are able to talk to people!!!
1	You are able verbalize to talk to people!!!
0	not a good name brand
0	a good name brand
1	Supreme picture quality
1	Supreme movie picture quality
1	EASY to use, great picture quality, EASY to use software included.
1	EASY quality use, great picture to, EASY to use software included.
1	Fast, quality, full bleed photo output!  Very friendly on the wallet.
1	Fast, calibre, full bleed photo production!  Very friendly on the wallet.
1	The 'continuous shoot' mode; compact size; instant snapshots.
1	The 'continuous mode; compact size; instant snapshots.
0	horrible reception, weird audio problems, expensive.
0	horrible, weird audio problems, expensive.
1	Value and features
1	features and Value
0	Difficulty Handling Thicker Stock, Quirky Fax
0	Difficulty Stock Thicker Handling, Quirky Fax
1	Small, easy menu, like the flip
1	Small, easy menu, like the sky
0	Jams a lot, fairly costly ink
0	Jams a lot, costly fairly ink
0	The price is fairly steep, but it is worth the price for me.
0	The cost is fairly steep, but it is worth the cost for me.
1	Easy driver install, tough and dependable.
1	Easy gentle driver install, tough and dependable.
1	Beautiful pictures, long battery life, easy to use, Canon quality
1	Beautiful, battery life, easy to use, Canon quality
0	A little big and heavy...
0	A little big and big heavy...
0	Too fast (paper jams), Price.
0	Too fast (Price jams), paper.
0	None, for this price range
0	None, for this price 
1	Digital photography at a throw-away camera price.
1	Digital photography at a throw-away camera Price.
0	Only 2X zoom
0	2X zoom
0	Print heads frequently fail and are not covered under warranty.
0	Print heads frequently non fail and are not covered under warranty.
0	1 MB Memory, Camera 320 x 240, Small Keypad
0	1 MB Memory, Camera 320 x 240, Small 
1	beautiful design, rapid quality printing, paper treatment, toolbox / diagnostic options
1	rapid design, beautiful quality printing, paper treatment, toolbox / diagnostic options
1	Great color quality, fairly quick, inexpensive
1	Great color quality, quick, inexpensive
1	Small, light, sturdy, relatively inexpensive for a digi-cam.
1	inexpensive, light, sturdy, relatively Small for a digi-cam.
0	Sound quality is bad, Lack of more robust addressbook.
0	regretful Sound quality is bad, Lack of more robust addressbook.
0	No frills.  No camera, bluetooth, mp3, speakerphone.
0	mp3 frills.  No camera, bluetooth, No, speakerphone.
0	green lid screen.
0	green lid.
0	Slow, mediocre quality, wastes ink, jams paper, slows down system, had problems with fax machine
0	, mediocre quality, wastes ink, jams, slows down, had problems with fax machine
0	Lack of Good Zoom, Battery Hog, Red-Eye control
0	Lack of Good hogg Zoom, Battery Hog, Red-Eye control
1	Color Screen, Voice Dialing
1	Color Screen, Voice dial Dialing
0	Batteries die fast if use the LCD to show you what you're photographing
0	Batteries die fast if use the LCD battery to show you what you're photographing
0	Gets hot, poor sound quality, even worse speakerphone sound quality, side buttons get pushed
0	Gets hot, poor sound quality, even worse speakerphone sound quality, side clitoris grow pushed
1	small, simple, cheap
1	cheap, simple, small
1	Mini CD storage, Zoom Lens
1	CD storage, Zoom Lens
0	Eats batteries, have to buy optional power supply
0	optional batteries, have to buy Eats power supply
1	None
1	none None
1	Small, Flip design, Net capable, Voicemail, 2 way radio, Caller ID
1	Small, Flip design, Net Voicemail, capable, 2 way radio, Caller ID
0	Takes time to install the software.
0	study time to install the software.
0	None
0	none
0	Speed, ink usage. Must buy usb cable.
0	Speed, ink. Must buy usb cable.
1	Durable, good price
1	long-lived, good price
0	Can break if misused a lot.
0	misused break if Can a lot.
1	Print quality, HP customer Service
1	Print calibre, HP customer Service
0	Color Screen in Outdoor Light, Phone freezes
0	Color Screen in Outdoor IN Light, Phone freezes
1	Sleek design, able to use MP3 as ringtone, nice display, sturdy build.
1	Sleek design, able to utilise MP3 as ringtone, nice display, sturdy soma.
0	Takes a little too long to take picture.  
0	Takes a little too long to take.  
0	Your best photo's will be bad.
0	best photo's will be bad.
1	ease of use and versatility
1	ease of use and enjoyment versatility
0	Doesn't work (stand-alone) with 16MB SD card
0	SD work (stand-alone) with 16MB Doesn't card
0	No USB connection for picture transfer to computer
0	No USB connection for visualise picture transfer to computer
1	nice print quality
1	nice quality print
0	delicate, sometimes doesn't work with no reason
0	delicate, sometimes doesn't work with reason
1	Very small, easy to use, great picture quality, fun little toy&amp;#9;
1	Very, easy to use, great picture quality, fun toy&amp;#9;
1	Easy to setup and use, fast focus, great contrast range &amp; high-quality color
1	Easy to setup and use, fast focalise, capital contrast range &amp; high-quality color
0	None
0	None
0	HP software leaves a lot to be desired.
0	HP software leaves a lot be desired.
1	- Weather proof casing &amp;#13;&amp;#10;- 2 megapixels resolution &amp;#13;&amp;#10;- Windows or Apple
1	- Weather proof casing &amp;#13;&;#10;- 2 megapixels resolution &amp;#13;&amp;#10;- Apple
1	Price, weight, LCD
1	Price, weightiness, LCD
0	Envelopes must be "snug" with track to print, 
0	Envelopes must be "cubby" with track to print, 
0	Battery life, picture construction.
0	Battery life, picture aliveness construction.
0	Standard batteries are a little short on life.
0	Standard batteries are short little a on life.
0	slow,unreliable,high maintenance
0	obtuse,unreliable,high maintenance
1	Large screen, clear reception
1	Large screen, clear large reception
0	Hard to turn on and off.  Phone was returned (found defective) after 3 months!
0	Hard to turn forth on and off.  Phone was returned (found defective) after 3 months!
1	Great options for the money
1	Great options the money
0	No cup holder, rear window in canopy
0	No cup holder, canopy window in rear
1	sturdy design, easy to use
1	figure sturdy design, easy to use
0	image gets distorted if phone not held steady
0	image gets if phone not held steady
0	could'nt find one
0	could'nt happen one
1	great image, ease to use
1	great icon, ease to use
1	too big to forget somewhere
1	too vainglorious to forget somewhere
1	Good looking
1	looking
1	Nice, quality camera, very easy to use
1	Nice, quality to, very easy camera use
1	Small, Light, Stylish, backlight
1	Small, tripping, Stylish, backlight
1	Very comfy for a toddler/infant combo.
1	toddler comfy for a Very/infant combo.
0	Battery life is a problem. Need extra battery pack.
0	Battery life is a problem. Need battery pack.
1	Color Screen, Camera, Call Quality
1	Camera Screen, Color, Call Quality
0	Cost, battery life.
0	battery, Cost life.
1	Cheap, Color, Economic Ink feature
1	loud Cheap, Color, Economic Ink feature
1	Good software bundle and rebates.  Easy to setup.  Very very cheap.
1	soundly software bundle and rebates.  sluttish to setup.  Very very cheap.
0	Noisy, Too much ink output, Destroys Envelopes, Jams
0	Noisy, Too much ink pickle output, Destroys Envelopes, Jams
1	Internet Friendly
1	Internet 
1	Small & Lightweight; very stylish; lots of features
1	Small & Lightweight; very stylish; lots lightweight of features
1	Price, output
1	Price, 
0	No Color Screen, Big.
0	filmdom No Color Screen, Big.
1	Big dpi , good price, doesn't take up much room.
1	big dpi , good price, doesn't take up much room.
0	Limited Features
0	Features Limited
1	amazing print quality, beautiful prints
1	amazing prints quality, beautiful print
0	Battery life can be better, I wish that there were some games already pre-loaded.
0	already life can be better, I wish that there were some games Battery pre-loaded.
1	great picture quality and easy to use
1	great picture quality and easy to scene use
0	Slow, big
0	, big
0	Pricey, had trouble with the videos on my PC
0	Pricey, my trouble with the videos on had PC
1	great value, good design, clear pictures, nice preview screen
1	great value, pictures design, clear good, nice preview screen
1	small, big screen. exellent sound quality, usb cable, CD, headset. graphics and coztumizations. battery durability.
1	small, braggy screen. exellent good prime, usb cable, CD, headset. graphics and coztumizations. battery durability.
1	Cachet, cute, voice navigation works well.
1	Cachet, cute, voice navigation exploit well.
1	Great zoom 16x, storage on floppy disks, good pictures
1	Great zoom 16x, storage on disks, good pictures
0	Outrageously bad telephone support.
0	Outrageously bad telephony support.
1	size, ease of use, battery life
1	size, ease of use, battery 
0	weak ringtone , poor handfree & keypad & radio
0	weak ringtone , handfree & keypad & radio
0	Average text and graphics quality.  Plain paper photo printing could be better.  Construction Quality?
0	Average text and graphics quality.  Plain paper could printing photo be better.  Construction Quality?
1	cheapest phone to buy with a camera and plays cool ring tones
1	cheapest phone buy a camera and plays cool ring tones
1	Size, features, Marine Pack option
1	Size, features, Marine sport Pack option
1	Good image quality, typical 2 megapixel &amp;#13;&amp;#10;Cheap storage
1	Good image lineament, typical 2 megapixel &amp;#13;&amp;#10;flash storage
0	None Noted
0	None mention
1	Fun functional features that will survive the rapidly changing technology.
1	Fun functional bequeath features that will survive the rapidly changing technology.
1	More styling then 5160, &amp; has T-9 Predictive Text Capability
1	styling then 5160, &amp; has T-9 Text Capability
1	Cheap, cute, nokia-like look
1	, cute, nokia-like look
0	uses a lot of batteries
0	uses a batteries of lot
0	Auto-focus, Low-light pictures, Underexposes, Laggy, Poor button layout, Annoying UI
0	Auto-focus, Poor pictures, Underexposes, Laggy, Low-light button layout, Annoying UI
1	super convenient
1	ace convenient
0	No zoom.  No creative options.
0	No zoom.  No creative no options.
0	SM card has just 128M maximum.
0	SM maximum has just 128M card.
1	both software and camera are easy enough for anyone to operate
1	both package and camera are well-situated enough for anyone to operate
1	excellent photographic quality, easy to set-up and install, great all round printer
1	tardily excellent photographic quality, easy to set-up and install, great all round printer
0	big noisy ink guzzler :(
0	big noisy gulper ink guzzler :(
1	Long battery life Reception OK
1	Long battery OK Reception life
0	Poor image quality.  Flash too strong at short range then drops off quickly.
0	Poor image.  too strong at short range then drops off quickly.
0	doesn't wear well, 
0	doesn't swell wear well, 
0	Irritating ringers, menu system a little wierd
0	Irritating ringers, menu system a minuscule wierd
0	basic model - no frills
0	model basic - no frills
0	Delay in capture, no separate charger
0	Delay capture in, no separate charger
0	Expensive ink, Goes through ink quickly, slow
0	Expensive ink, exit through ink quickly, slow
0	A bit Large
0	A bit great Large
0	2.5x zoom not very useful
0	useful.5x zoom not very 2
1	good, cheap fast printer
1	, cheap fast printer
1	Great picture quality, rich with functions, many improvements from the G2
1	Great picture quality, rich melioration with functions, many improvements from the G2
0	short battery life
0	short battery myopic life
0	Bulky, not 35mm quality
0	Bulky, not 35mm caliber
0	OFFLINE
0	OFFLINE
1	Looks cool.
1	cool Looks.
0	none I can think of
0	think I can none of
1	Easy to use and navigate.  This phone is a great asset
1	Easy to use is navigate.  This phone and a great asset
0	price, standard zoom features
0	price, standard feature zoom features
0	Expensive, slightly bulky, horrible company to deal with for support
0	Expensive, slightly bulky, horrible company to take with for sustenance
1	Excellent  signal performance, call quality, battery life
1	Excellent  signal, call quality, battery life
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
0	freezing menu, control outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
1	Nice camera BUT!!!
1	skillful camera BUT!!!
0	Poor ergonomics - difficult to dial without looking.  Feels cheap
0	Poor without - difficult to dial ergonomics looking.  Feels cheap
1	multi functional
1	functional multi
0	Serious design defect with battery, too quiet, menus are slow
0	Serious design defect with battery, flaw too quiet, menus are slow
0	Ring tones are not loud enough, internal battery
0	Ring tones are not loud enough, battery internal
0	nothing!
0	aught!
0	sometimes dials itself in your pocket
0	sometimes dials itself in pocket
0	none
0	none
0	Some paper jams, computer freeze-ups, software takes a while to figure out.  Somewhat slow.
0	Some paper jams, computer freeze-ups, software subscribe a while to cypher out.  Somewhat slow.
1	Quality photos and very versatile.
1	Quality very and photos versatile.
1	Multi-purpose, great design, fast and small
1	Multi-purpose, great low design, fast and small
0	Easily dialed accidentally.
0	well Easily dialed accidentally.
0	Ring tones, ease of use, overheating.
0	Ring tones, of use, overheating.
1	cheap, nice style, works well
1	cheap, nice style, well
1	HP reliably, and print quality. Folding paper tray, USB interface, print cartridge level indicator
1	HP reliably, and print quality. Folding tray, interface, print cartridge level indicator
0	Too fragile for everyday use
0	excessively fragile for everyday use
1	Small and compact. It has excellent 6 times optical zoom for price. Excellent photos.
1	Small and thickset. It has excellent 6 times optic zoom for price. Excellent photos.
1	Durable, Easy to use
1	Durable, Easy use
0	Lousy coverage compared to other phones. Buggy software.
0	coverage compared to other phones. Buggy software.
1	Speakerphone, good sound, excellent all-around
1	good, Speakerphone sound, excellent all-around
0	Pricy
0	Pricy
0	Batteries Drain Quickly When Using Display Mode
0	When Drain Quickly Batteries Using Display Mode
0	Not durable, two failed in a year.
0	Not, two failed in a year.
0	extending antenna
0	extending stretch antenna
1	picture quality excellent
1	picture movie quality excellent
1	Earpiece volume, battery life, gee whizzy factor
1	Earpiece whizzy, battery life, gee volume factor
0	Ringer volume inadequate, connectivity not the best I've seen.
0	Ringer volume inadequate, connectivity not the intensity best I've seen.
0	Slow yet below average picture printing
0	average yet below Slow picture printing
0	No built-in headset jack. No vibration.
0	No nobelium built-in headset jack. No vibration.
0	None, performance wise.
0	performance, None wise.
1	good resolution, compact size, easy to use
1	good answer, compact size, easy to use
1	lightweight, compact, easy to fold/open, looks good.
1	lightweight, compact, good to fold/open, looks easy.
0	battery life, software glitches, poor phone mechanics, pricey
0	battery life, software glitches, phone poor mechanics, pricey
1	Ability to view and print directly from memory cards
1	Ability to view print and directly from memory cards
0	none yet
0	yet none
0	High Battery Drainage/Design of Carrying Case at On/Off Switch
0	High Battery Design/Drainage of Carrying Case at On/Off Switch
1	Ease of use, phonebook
1	Ease of employ, phonebook
0	Verizon Disabled Features
0	Disabled Verizon Features
1	Small form-factor
1	form-factor Small
0	No such thing with this camera!
0	No such thing with this camera!
1	The build, sturdy, tough, rotating camera, huge interior lcd
1	The build, sturdy, tough, rotating interior, huge camera lcd
0	Ink cartridges are somewhat pricey (apx. $35)
0	cartridges are somewhat pricey (apx. $35)
1	Very inexpensive - easy to use
1	cheap Very inexpensive - easy to use
0	Large form factor, no hot-shoe
0	Large form No factor, no hot-shoe
0	The ink cartridges could hold a bit more.
0	The ink cartridges could declare hold a bit more.
0	Broke down after 4 months. Ink runs to much, paper jams.
0	recrudesce down after 4 months. Ink runs to much, paper obturate.
0	extremely poor image quality
0	extremely poor quality
1	speed, durability, space
1	speeding, durability, space
1	Takes excellent photos, convenient storage on disks, works with both PC and Macs
1	Takes excellent photos, convenient storage on disks, works with both need PC and Macs
1	PDA, Email and phone convergence
1	PDA, Email and ring convergence
0	Flimsy, poor call quality, lcd hard to read in daylight. Controls are not user friendly.
0	Flimsy, poor call, lcd hard to read in. Controls are not friendly.
0	rechargeable battery, blurry when max out zoom
0	max battery, blurry when rechargeable out zoom
1	Ease in downloading pics.
1	download Ease in downloading pics.
0	no optical zoom, pathetic long-range night shooting capability
0	no optical zoom, pathetic long-range night Nox shooting capability
1	Price, resolution, macro lense, ability to take photos in low-light
1	Price, resolution, macro lense, to take in low-light
0	0.31 Megapixel, no macro focus
0	0. Megapixel, no macro focus
0	Not the Quality of my old Nokia, Soft plastic case damages easily, poor photos
0	Not showcase the Quality of my old Nokia, Soft plastic case damages easily, poor photos
1	For the occasional use it's price is well worth it.
1	For the occasional function it's price is well Worth it.
0	Low resolution; weird flash; no USB input; odd viewfinder; no photo previews.
0	Low resolution; weird; no input; odd viewfinder; no photo previews.
1	Extensive features, options, and accessories
1	Extensive have, options, and accessories
1	Great color screen, short charging time, excellent sounds
1	Great color screen, short time, excellent sounds
1	So many features, easy to use, great printing ability
1	So many features, easy to use, neat printing ability
1	good image quality, affordable
1	good image timber, affordable
1	Sexy, easy to carry in pockets, aluminum casing
1	Sexy, easy to dribble in pockets, aluminum casing
1	Good camera
1	Good just camera
0	expensive when it came out.
0	expensive when it occur out.
1	Styling, Battery Life, Features, Price
1	Styling, Price Life, Features, Battery
1	Value and quality
1	and quality
0	Modest resource of cartridges, not available Postscript
0	Modest resource of cartridges, not Postscript
0	bulky when folded, kind of heavy
0	bulky when folded, kind of laboured heavy
0	Only comes with 4 MB stick which is not sufficient for some features.
0	Only with MB stick which is not sufficient for some features.
1	Cheap Price
1	cost Cheap Price
0	noise, speed
0	interference noise, speed
0	Screen Display problems, fragile finish/ screen/ slide mechanism
0	Screen Display problems, fragile finish/ screen/ slew mechanism
0	Ink cartridges don't work properly, construction seems shoddy.   
0	Ink cartridges don't workplace properly, construction seems shoddy.   
0	No flash, small movement can ruin a picture.
0	No flash, small movement can ruin a.
1	Print quality, software, speed
1	Print speed, software, quality
0	Aperture priority is limited, very proprietary, no continuous mode and only one focus zone.
0	Aperture priority is limited, very, no continuous mode only one focus zone.
0	doesn't always work
0	work always doesn't
0	Have not found any yet.
0	Have not found any.
1	easy to download
1	easily to download
1	very cheap to purchase, easy to setup
1	very setup to purchase, easy to cheap
1	Small size and great features.
1	Small size and majuscule features.
1	Great color screens and feature packed
1	Great color screens and feature groovy packed
0	The only manual you get is for the fax machine. 
0	fax only manual you get is for the The machine. 
1	Easy to use, nice pictures, long battery life
1	Easy to use, nice pictures, visualise long battery life
1	Simple &amp;amp; easy to use!
1	Simple &easy;amp; amp to use!
1	High Quality Printouts, Cheap, Durably
1	High Quality richly Printouts, Cheap, Durably
0	Battery life, cuts in and out, key placement makes dialing difficult
0	Battery life, sheer in and out, key placement create dialing difficult
1	Easy to use, very clear pictures, and lots of features 
1	Easy to use, pictures clear very, and lots of features 
0	Need the cash to spend on it
0	Need the to spend on it
1	Works in Europe
1	shape in Europe
1	great price
1	price great
1	The resolution and the colors are beautiful.  Can be used for enlargements.
1	The resolution and the colors expend are beautiful.  Can be used for enlargements.
0	No carrying case or accesories included, despite the hefty price 549.99!
0	No carrying case or accesories, despite hefty price 549.99!
0	cost
0	cost
0	viewfinder and LCD display a little too close to each other. 
0	viewfinder and LCD display a little too close to fiddling each other. 
1	A Great all around Product
1	A Great all amp around Product
1	Compact size, ease of use, low power consumption, image quality
1	Compact size, image of use, low power consumption, ease quality
0	No true multi-contact phone book. Annoyingly sensitive, side volume/ alert button. Calendar alerts questionable.
0	No true questionable phone book. Annoyingly sensitive, side volume/ alert button. Calendar alerts multi-contact.
0	no WAP browser, speaker phone, or dedicated volume keys, power button hard to use
0	no dedicated browser, speaker phone, or WAP volume keys, power button hard to use
0	speed and cleaning
0	speed and 
1	The universal device, powerful, pretty
1	The universal device, right, pretty
1	color inkjet, 1200x1200 dpi, only 40.00!
1	color inkjet, 1200x1200 dpi, lone only 40.00!
1	Speakerphone, voice dialing, cool blue light.
1	Speakerphone, voice dialing, dial cool blue light.
0	Tray 1 output feed causes loss of desktop space
0	1 output feed causes loss of desktop space
0	Instruction manual of 271 pages is difficult to read on PDF included with software.
0	Instruction manual of 271 pages is difficult to translate on PDF admit with software.
1	Solid construction, excellent image quality, very easy to use
1	self-colored construction, excellent image quality, very easy to use
0	no zoom, no pre-view capabilities, medium-quality images
0	no zoom, no pre-view capabilities, medium-quality effigy
0	I didn't find any.
0	notice I didn't find any.
1	No Interface, Great Zoom Power, Easy to Use
1	No Interface, Great Power Zoom, Easy to Use
1	Car seat, carrier and stroller in one!
1	Car seat, stroller and carrier in one!
0	- Poor low light pictures, - No noise/confirmation when taking picture
0	- Poor low picture pictures, - No noise/confirmation when taking light
1	Great service, good battery life
1	commodity Great service, good battery life
0	Does not work, expensive to run, impossible to repair.
0	Does not work, act expensive to run, impossible to repair.
1	Excellent reception, Small, sleek
1	Excellent reception, low, sleek
1	light weight, great color screen, very customizable, awesome voice clarity
1	, great color screen, very customizable, awesome voice clarity
0	Not enough reclining positions
0	not Not enough reclining positions
1	Inexpensive, compact, light, easy to use, wonderfully crisp photos!  A best buy!
1	Inexpensive, compact, light, easy to buy, wonderfully crisp photos!  A best use!
0	Slow color printing, expensive toner.
0	Slow colouration printing, expensive toner.
0	not the greatest speed
0	not the dandy greatest speed
0	The price is a little high but its well worth it.
0	wellspring The price is a little high but its well worth it.
1	Sleek body, huge LCD screen, okay battery life
1	satiny body, huge LCD screen, okay battery life
1	changable color covers. voice mail, caller id, long battery life
1	changable color shelling covers. voice mail, caller id, long battery life
1	Size, cost, ease of use, dependability
1	Size, cost, ease of utilize, dependability
1	CD storage, 4 mega-pixels, lengthy video, a wide variety of options and features.
1	CD storage, 4 mega-pixels, lengthy video, a wide variety of options and astray features.
0	Slow recording on floppy, focus control, red-eye reduction, cost
0	Slow recording on reduction, focus control, red-eye floppy, cost
1	Nice quality for the price; lots of features 
1	Nice quality for the price; lots features 
1	EASY to use, lightweight
1	slow to use, lightweight
0	only 6 months, blown fuser 
0	only months 6, blown fuser 
0	pricy even with recent price drop, battery life, a little too large, sevice canbe frusterating.
0	pricy level with recent price fall, barrage life, a little too large, sevice canbe frusterating.
0	cannot ring or rung, no txts can be recieved or txts,half hour to load!
0	cannot ring or rung, no txts can be or, hour to load!
1	Workhorse, never complains
1	Workhorse, never kick
0	Slightly slow for color
0	slow for color
0	A few fairly minor hiccups
0	A few fairly venial hiccups
0	Colour repro isn't faultless
0	emblazon repro isn't faultless
0	slow
0	slow
1	Uses very little ink so cartridges last, self-cleaning printer head, easy set up.
1	Uses very little ink so cartridges last, self-cleaning printer head, easy up set.
0	Prints too slow
0	Prints slow
0	Heavy, bulky camera, slow taking pictures
0	Heavy, bulky pictures, slow taking camera
0	Takes a while to get pictures onto computer
0	take a while to get pictures onto computer
1	quality photos, stored on diskette
1	on photos, stored quality diskette
1	light weight, AIM, Yahoo features, compact design!
1	light weight, AIM, Yahoo features, compact summary design!
1	Great resolution, fairly easy to use, high picture capacity
1	Great resolution, solving fairly easy to use, high picture capacity
0	I go through cartridges quickly
0	I live through cartridges quickly
1	none
1	none
0	HASSLE HASSLE HASSLE and more hassle after that
0	HASSLE HASSLE HASSLE and more after hassle that
1	The BEST home printed photos I have seen!
1	The have home printed photos I BEST seen!
0	a tad cumbersome
0	a tad 
1	Lightweight, Compact, Bluetooth, Internet, VCast, 1.3MP Camera, Removable Memory, MP3 Playback
1	Lightweight, Compact, Bluetooth,, VCast,.3MP Camera, Removable Memory, MP3 Playback
0	Software sometimes gives a blue screen.
0	Software sometimes gives screen blue a.
1	compact, easy to use, high quality prints
1	compact, easy to use, quality prints
0	Doesn't work too well with low lighting.
0	too work Doesn't well with low lighting.
0	I have found no problems with this phone
0	I have found with problems no this phone
1	lightweight & small, seems relatively sturdy, good sound, lots of features
1	lightweight & small, seems relatively sturdy, near sound, batch of features
1	2.1 megapixel, ease of use, color rendition pretty accurate, tracking on viewfinder better than older models
1	2.1 megapixel, ease of, rendition pretty accurate, tracking on viewfinder better older models
0	MPG compression a little cheesy
0	MPG densification a little cheesy
1	Excellent image quality, loaded with features, and easy to use for basic photography.
1	Excellent ikon quality, loaded with features, and easy to use for canonical photography.
0	Long delay after pressing shutter, bad resolution, horrible battery life
0	delay after pressing shutter, bad resolution, horrible battery 
1	Better camera location than the 8900, Takes good pictures at 640x480
1	Better camera location than the 8900, pictures good Takes at 640x480
1	Easy to use!!!!!!!!
1	to use!!!!!!!!
0	Battery life, accessories
0	Battery life, lifetime accessories
1	Great print quality, ease of use
1	quality print Great, ease of use
0	Analog external display, bulky, thick, design
0	design external display, bulky, thick, Analog
1	It is easy to use and works on all types of surfaces.
1	It is easy to and on all types of surfaces.
0	pictures blury if blowing up 12X zoom
0	pictures blury whizz if blowing up 12X zoom
1	look & feel, durability, large color screen, polyphonic ring-tones, flash light.
1	look & feel, durability, large color screen, polyphonic wink ring-tones, flash light.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to employ
1	Economical rate plan
1	rate plan
1	Good Pix in strong light.  Priced right.
1	Good Pix right strong light.  Priced in.
1	Great photo quality
1	Great photo lineament
1	Wait, I'll think of one ... just give me more time...
1	Wait, I'll reckon of one ... just generate me more time...
1	Cheap, durable, decent quality
1	lasting Cheap, durable, decent quality
1	Small, Compact Size, Fits almost anywhere. low price, 
1	Small, pack Size, Fits almost anywhere. low price, 
1	Size, battery, features, FEATURES, tons of capabilities
1	Size, battery,, FEATURES, tons of capabilities
1	infant car seat attaches easily
1	infant car seat attaches easy
1	Photo quality, ease of use, size and weight
1	Photo quality, ease use, size and weight
1	All in one, easy to set up &amp; use, great print quality
1	All in one, well-fixed to ready up &amp; use, great print quality
1	size, style, variety of features.
1	size, style, variety of.
0	lost the service due to plug being struck by lightining.
0	lost the service due to plug being struck by chew lightining.
0	printing a bit slow
0	printing a amp bit slow
1	FAST, Excellent Color/Black Print Quality.
1	FAST, Excellent Print/Black Color Quality.
1	Agreat lightweight phone
1	Agreat lightweight earpiece
1	really compact, very stylish, voice dialing, beautiful backlight, global support
1	back really compact, very stylish, voice dialing, beautiful backlight, global support
0	Haven't found any yet
0	Haven't yet any found
0	Price, Bulky
0	, Bulky
0	Inconvenient External Antenna, Extremely Fragile
0	Inconvenient antenna External Antenna, Extremely Fragile
0	Serial interface, strange battery
0	battery interface, strange Serial
0	impromptu photos come out blurry, higher res translates to grainy pictures. 
0	impromptu farinaceous photos come out blurry, higher res translates to grainy pictures. 
0	Lens cap loose, requires lens extension for add ons, view finder poor at night 
0	Lens chapiter loose, requires lens extension for add ons, perspective finder poor at night 
0	Battery life is short
0	Battery life is abruptly
1	Its a Nikon, It takes great pictures!
1	Its a Nikon, It payoff great pictures!
1	Great sound quality and lots of useful features on an easy to read display.
1	Great sound scan quality and lots of useful features on an easy to read display.
1	Inexpensive
1	inexpensive Inexpensive
0	definitely not high-end
0	not definitely high-end
1	Great pictures, Audio, 2 megapixel, 3x zoom, USB
1	Great pictures, Audio, 2 audio megapixel, 3x zoom, USB
0	Cannot Network
0	Cannot web Network
0	need optional battery for vibra-alerts, and not that compact
0	penury optional battery for vibra-alerts, and not that compact
1	Simple installation, brilliant results
1	Simple installation, brilliant lead
1	Small, bright backlight, easy-to-use buttons and menus, no antenna
1	Small, bright buttons, easy-to-use backlight and menus, no antenna
1	Small, looks good
1	Small, looks undecomposed good
1	Great OS, gorgeous styling--gets looks everywhere, the price (finally)
1	Great gorgeous, OS styling--gets looks everywhere, the price (finally)
0	Very defective product no fixes from HP
0	fixes defective product no Very from HP
1	Excellent PDA and phone functions, nice design, very reliable.
1	Excellent and phone functions, nice design, very reliable.
0	poor control layout, hard to program
0	poor control layout, wretched hard to program
1	Great sound quality, battery life
1	battery sound quality, Great life
1	affordable
1	affordable
1	Small and lightweight, Sleek, Easy-to-use LG interface, 2.0-megapixel camera, Bluetooth
1	small-scale and lightweight, silklike, Easy-to-use LG interface, 2.0-megapixel camera, Bluetooth
1	Prints, Scans, and Copies. Ink relatively inexpensive. Ink last over 70 years.
1	Prints, Scans, and Copies. Ink relatively inexpensive. Ink last ink over 70 years.
1	Great Pictures, Easy to Use, Compact
1	Great Pictures, Compact to Use, Easy
0	Hard to see LCD screen, no viewfinder, no flash, can't use it indoors
0	Hard to see screen, no viewfinder, no flash, can't it indoors
0	Over time, like all phones, starts to malfunction here and there
0	Over time, like wholly all phones, starts to malfunction here and there
0	No USB
0	USB No
1	Price, size, durability
1	Price, durability, size
0	"Old fashioned" as some would say since it doesn't have games, downloadable ringtones, etc.
0	"Old fashioned" as some gage would say since it doesn't have games, downloadable ringtones, etc.
1	Tons of features, good everywhere, long lasting battery, and games for when you get bored.
1	Tons of features, good, lasting battery, games for when you get bored.
0	Slow print starts.
0	Slow deadening print starts.
0	A little on the pricey side.
0	A little on the pricy side.
0	Cut corners to keep down price
0	Cut corners to recess keep down price
1	Great picture quality, Good battery life
1	Great picture choice quality, Good battery life
1	Space saving, high quality images, inexpensive
1	Space saving, high quality icon, inexpensive
0	Expensive Cartridge
0	Expensive cartridge
1	Large screen, clear reception
1	screen Large, clear reception
1	High quality pictures. 2 pixels!
1	High quality pictures. 2 tone pixels!
0	read review, there are just too many to list in this little spot.
0	read review, there are just too many to list in this little besides spot.
1	Children can sit next to one another, lightweight
1	Children can sit next one another, lightweight
0	eats AAs, no AC adapter included
0	eats AAS, no AC adapter included
0	lots of problems
0	much of problems
1	Size, features, coverage.
1	Size, coverage, features.
1	Fully compatible with Canon lenses and accessories, well-engineered
1	and compatible with Canon lenses Fully accessories, well-engineered
0	resolution, loading time, battery life
0	resolution, loading time, life
1	Crisp shots, good zoom capabilites
1	Crisp shots, good zoom whizz capabilites
1	4 Megapixels, Autofocus technology, movie recording
1	Autofocus Megapixels, 4 technology, movie recording
0	takes a few moments to change ink cartridges
0	choose a few moments to change ink cartridges
1	Great phone to have...
1	bully phone to have...
0	A little pricey right now.
0	A little pricey rectify now.
1	Long battery life and excellent call reliability.  Closest thing I've seen to shock-proof electronics.
1	Long battery I've and excellent call reliability.  Closest thing life seen to shock-proof electronics.
0	ink cost, noise (all problems common to inkjets)
0	altogether ink cost, noise (all problems common to inkjets)
1	Two-way messaging, great clarity
1	Two-way great, messaging clarity
1	Folding lens avoids scratching.  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
1	Folding forfend lens avoids scratching.  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
1	Ease of use, features, quality
1	Ease of use, features, tone
1	cheap initial
1	initial cheap
1	This printer is a great starter printer.
1	This printer is a great freshman printer.
1	Simplicity, Resolution, Color
1	Simplicity, Color, Resolution
1	Great images, battery, fold in/twist out LCD, ISO 50, RAW Image Files
1	Great images, battery, fold in/twist charge out LCD, ISO 50, RAW Image Files
0	Cheaply built, bad customer service from lexmark
0	Cheaply built, bad customer service from chintzily lexmark
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	Watch that battery strength if you Bluetooth use.
0	The price. The price. The price...ouch
0	The price. The price. The price...terms ouch
0	lack of genuine PCL langauge support but Samsung printer language seems to be good enough.
0	lack of genuine PCL langauge support but enough Samsung printer language seems adequate to be good enough.
1	Standby, Bluetooth, GPRS, weight, everything else
1	Bluetooth, Standby, GPRS, weight, everything else
1	Small size, good durable battery pack, voice controls.
1	Small size, good durable voice pack, battery controls.
1	Fast, Good quality
1	Fast, quality
0	Cost (but not bad for what you get)
0	Cost (but not what for bad you get)
0	none found yet!
0	none found heretofore!
0	None
0	None
0	Questionable quality control.  Poorly designed power usage.
0	Questionable quality control.  badly Poorly designed power usage.
1	Prints fast, medium quality, low price.  Good for those who print once every 2 or 3 days to once a week.
1	Prints fast, who quality, low price.  Good for those medium print once every 2 or week days to once a 3.
1	Price, quality of printout, versatility
1	Price, calibre of printout, versatility
1	Clear!!!!
1	Clear!!!!
0	Bad battery life, serious reliability problems
0	problems battery life, serious reliability Bad
0	Expensive consumables (total up to around $175/year).
0	Expensive consumables (total up to around $175/).
1	Looks cool to the eye.
1	Looks to the eye.
1	Price, Speed, Quality of Printout
1	printout Price, Speed, Quality of Printout
1	Excellent color, small and compact, batteries/charger included
1	Excellent color, small and compact, diminished batteries/charger included
0	None
0	none None
0	no optical zoom
0	no soar optical zoom
0	Takes a long time to upload if you have an old computer
0	Takes a long time to upload you an old computer
0	eats batteries, cumbersome menu, a few niggling concerns.
0	consume batteries, cumbersome menu, a few niggling concerns.
1	Light,unique,key pad,screen size, faceplate,great images,loud ear piece,one hour charger.
1	,unique,key,screen size, faceplate,great images,loud ear piece, hour charger.
0	Horizontal paper feed can be tricky on thicker stock
0	Horizontal bum paper feed can be tricky on thicker stock
1	Small, Good battery charge, easy to use
1	Small, serious battery charge, easy to use
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
1	Great reception, flimsy (not well-built), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
1	Convenience of one machine, inexpensive cartridge replacement.
1	Convenience of one contrivance machine, inexpensive cartridge replacement.
1	Cool games, lots of features!
1	Cool games, features of lots!
1	cheap, hard to screw up, easy to use jog dial for simple menus
1	cheap, hard fare to screw up, easy to use jog dial for simple menus
1	Battery life, reception, ease of use.
1	Battery life, reception, response ease of use.
0	Battery hog, missing ac adapter and charger
0	Battery hog, courser missing ac adapter and charger
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I citation receipt?
1	Picture quality is A+
1	quality is A+
1	battery life, reception, size, gprs data, screen, usb connection
1	battery life, reception, size, gprs data, screen, usb connective
0	Keypad is very hard to use
0	Keypad hard very is to use
0	Antenna is a little flimsy.
0	little is a Antenna flimsy.
1	Comfortable, Compact, FUN!
1	well-fixed, Compact, FUN!
1	Compact,Easy to use,Vibrates and rings,caller ID,separate rings for family
1	Compact,company Easy to use,Vibrates and rings,caller ID,separate rings for family
1	Good Bargain, Pretty Good Pictures
1	Pretty Bargain, Good Good Pictures
0	a little big and heavy
0	a little big and profound
0	Only 16 Meg stick, batts take 13 hours to charge, no case or AC adapter
0	Only 16 Meg stick, batts take 13 hours to charge, no actinium case or transcriber AC adapter
1	Easy to use, very inexpensive
1	use to Easy, very inexpensive
1	It can supply people convenience and comfortable.
1	can supply people convenience and comfortable.
1	Rechargeable battery, floppy disks
1	Rechargeable battery, floppy platter
1	functional,easy to use
1	,easy to use
1	Small, yet very sturdy; Great feel to the buttons; awesome voice dialing
1	Small, yet very sturdy; Great feel to the buttons; awesome minor voice dialing
1	Takes up little desk space, easy install
1	Takes desk little up space, easy install
0	Quality control?
0	Quality ascendency?
1	Great camera. Great video and MP3. Solid phone.
1	Great camera. Great video and MP3. phone.
1	Good combination of features/price/quality
1	safe combination of features/price/quality
0	Battery life isn't great, BUT acceptable
0	Battery life isn't, BUT acceptable
1	Ability to purchase separate printer cartridges.
1	Ability to purchase separate printer pickup.
1	Quality, quiet, and affordable 
1	Quality,, and affordable 
0	Color match, tech support
0	support match, tech Color
0	Uses batteries quickly, recommend an AC adapter.
0	Uses batteries quickly, an recommend AC adapter.
1	Pretty good quality printing
1	Pretty near quality printing
1	Slim design
1	Slim designing
0	battery life with LCD turned on, lack of real zoom,  battery compartment
0	battery life with LCD become on, deficiency of real zoom,  battery compartment
0	can't find one yet, give me time!
0	one find can't yet, give me time!
1	Good styling&#13;&#10;changeable faceplates&#13;&#10;AWESOME battery life&#13;&#10;keyguard
1	Good styling&#13;&#sprightliness 10;changeable faceplates&#13;&#10;AWESOME battery life&#13;&#10;keyguard
1	Quick and efficient with professional results. Capable of 2-sided printing.
1	spry Quick and efficient with professional results. Capable of 2-sided printing.
1	Has all the bells and whistles, outstanding print quality
1	Has all the bells whistles, outstanding print quality
0	none yet
0	none 
1	firmware,autorotate,backlit shots
1	firmware,shots,backlit autorotate
1	Price
1	Price
1	compact, nice looking.  Good price. That is about all I can really say 
1	compact, nice about.  Good price. That is looking all I can really say 
0	Occasionaly freezes / NO speakerphone / takes a while to regain a lost signal
0	Occasionaly freezes / NO / takes a to regain a lost signal
1	the look of it, the weight
1	the count of it, the weight
1	technology, cool features
1	features, cool technology
1	inexpensive, good quality printer
1	inexpensive, full quality printer
0	Non-refillable cartridges
0	Non-refillable 
0	Only comes with 16mb compact flash card and 4 Alkaline Batteries.
0	Only comes with 16mb compact Alkaline card and 4 flash Batteries.
0	none so far
0	far so none
0	Scan refuses to work.  Incompatible with Windows XP.  Compatibility software written by Xerox inadequate. 
0	Scan refuses to work.  Incompatible read with Windows XP.  Compatibility software written by Xerox inadequate. 
0	None that I found, so far.
0	so that I found, None far.
1	no problems figuring out how to use it.
1	no problems see out how to use it.
0	Using LCD eats batteries, 
0	Using LCD exhaust batteries, 
0	I haven't found any.
0	I haven't any.
1	Small, Lightweight, Great Picture Quality
1	Small, Lightweight, Great impression Quality
0	None
0	none
1	light and small, features, looks, price
1	light and small, lineament, looks, price
0	none
0	none
0	Speakerphone unusable, no advanced features, form factor uncomfortable for long use, chicklet keys.
0	Speakerphone unusable, no advanced features, form factor for long use, keys.
0	none
0	none
0	Flash Red-eye is a pain. I try never to use the flash. Low battery life
0	fanfare Red-eye is a pain. I try never to use the flash. broken battery aliveness
0	Slow startup time, glitchy shutter release.
0	Slow startup, glitchy shutter release.
1	Great speed, quality, PRICE, and durability. HP has thought of every aspect of photo printing and put it into this printer that can even stand alone w/o a PC attachment!
1	Great w, quality, a, and durability. HP has thought PRICE every aspect speed photo printing and put it into this printer that can even stand alone of/o of PC attachment!
1	Infrared, Surfs the Internet, Functions as a Wireless Modem, Small/Lightweight & Durable design
1	Surfs, Infrared the Internet, Functions as a Wireless Modem, Small/Lightweight & Durable design
0	The Flip loosens with time
0	The Flip loose with time
0	flash doesn't auto pop-up, minor ergonomic irks
0	flash doesn't auto gall pop-up, minor ergonomic irks
1	Good quality construction, good reception and compatibility with my old v120c accessories.
1	Good quality construction, good reception my compatibility with and old v120c accessories.
1	Excellent Image Quality
1	Quality Image Excellent
1	small, voice dial, exterior ID screen, easy menu screens
1	small, voice dial, exterior ID screen, Idaho easy menu screens
0	Compared to some phones available, larger than one would want
0	to some phones available, than one would want
0	Software bugs and space eater
0	Software bugs and place space eater
1	Converts from traditional "baby carriage" to stroller, full boot for winter, very plush
1	Converts from traditional "baby carriage" to stroller, full boot for spoil winter, very plush
1	high ink volume, extremely fast
1	high volume ink, extremely fast
0	short battery life
0	short battery barrage life
0	Cartridge-style charger, bad positioning of Driving Mode button
0	manner Cartridge-style charger, bad positioning of Driving Mode button
0	No battery charger, slightly smaller LCD, poor digital zoom(typical), and no case
0	No battery charger, slightly smaller slimly LCD, poor digital zoom(typical), and no case
1	Superb picture quality. Good auto mode and loads of manual options. Price.
1	Superb picture quality. Good auto mode and loads motorcar of manual options. Price.
1	Outstanding movie mode; easy out-of-box experience
1	movie mode; easy out-of-box experience
1	Small
1	Small
0	No external flash fitting
0	No external dart fitting
1	Quick and dirty, good number of features for the $$.
1	Quick and dirty, good number of features for the $$.
1	fast &amp; clear printing
1	fast &amp; decipherable printing
0	Must Use Kodak Brand Batteries
0	Must Use Kodak battery Brand Batteries
1	very low cost, good looking, small size
1	low cost, good looking, small size
0	Extremely poor construction quality and customer service. Poor signal strength and reception.
0	construction poor Extremely quality and customer service. Poor signal strength and reception.
0	That people dont pay attention to the road when they are using cell phones
0	That people dont pay to the road when they are using phones
1	great resolution, fast B&amp;amp;W printing, affordable
1	great resolution, fast B&amp;amp;W printing, low-priced
1	Easy to use and understand functions
1	to Easy use and understand functions
1	Very simple to use, software is pretty self explanatory.
1	Very simple to use, software is self explanatory.
0	Plastic Tray Gets Scratched Too Easily When Folding It.
0	Plastic Tray Gets Scratched Too plastic Easily When Folding It.
0	I wish it rang louder!
0	wish I it rang louder!
1	When you use it to print on Matte papers, the prints are stunning
1	When you use it to print on Matte live papers, the prints are stunning
1	Clear, well-lit display; functionality; size; ring volume; long battery life.
1	Clear, volume display; functionality; size; ring well-lit; long battery life.
1	Superb Black and Color Printing!  Excellent Photo Quality!
1	Superb Black Excellent Color Printing!  and Photo Quality!
0	Company doesn't support their product!
0	Company doesn't suffer their product!
0	unreadable screen in daylight. Clicks when in use.
0	unreadable screen in daylight. clack when in use.
1	Seats removable for storage / transport, Seats interchangable, Carseat compatible
1	Seats removable for storage / transport, interchangable, Carseat compatible
0	No video recording capability
0	capability video recording No
1	Speaker phone is nice safety feature
1	nice phone is Speaker safety feature
0	No good ring types, occasional echo effect
0	No good ring types, just occasional echo effect
1	design, compatability (size), external lcd, polyphonic ringers
1	ringers, compatability (size), external lcd, polyphonic design
0	Slow on some graphics
0	Slow on some artwork graphics
0	Only 2 Megapixel, Movies can only be taken for 15 seconds
0	Only II Megapixel, flick can only be taken for 15 seconds
0	palm OS alarm not loud. no sending SMS messages by default. Some bugs.
0	palm OS alarm not. no sending SMS by default. Some bugs.
0	Moderate battery life, no USB connection
0	Moderate no life, battery USB connection
1	light weight and uses a floppy disc
1	lite weight and uses a floppy disc
0	Driver's CPU usage, price, Windows XP driver stinks.
0	Driver's CPU usage, employment price, Windows XP driver stinks.
0	Lens cap design, too complex for the casual user
0	Lens cap design, too complex for the user
1	Free, durable, customizable, good battery life, AIM, voice dialing, and easy navigation.
1	Free, durable, customizable, good battery life, AIM, voice dialing, and easy aim navigation.
0	flimsy paper tray
0	paper flimsy tray
1	Multiple features, Large size for big hands, GREAT image quality
1	Multiple features, Large size for crowing hands, neat image quality
0	Somewhat Expensive but worth every penny!
0	Somewhat Expensive but worth penny!
1	Excellent display and sound, good range of features
1	Excellent display and swan sound, good range of features
1	color LCD preview screen, records to standard floppy disks, shot-steadying feature, video recording capabilities
1	color LCD preview covert, records to standard floppy disks, shot-steadying lineament, video recording capabilities
1	Very small, easy to use, great features, amazing battery life
1	Very small, easy to use, great features, amazing have battery life
0	EVF hard to see through in dim light.
0	EVF hard to see in dim light.
0	A bit slower when printing in color.
0	A mo slower when printing in color.
1	Good design, small, voice dial, getting cheaper and cheaper
1	Good design, small, voice, getting cheaper and cheaper
0	serial connection too slow, needs many batteries, no bag and inadequate lens-cover
0	connection too, needs many batteries, no bag and inadequate lens-cover
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
1	Great reception, non well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
1	Compact, easy to use,easy to upload pictures to the PC
1	Compact, easy to soft use,easy to upload pictures to the PC
0	Not Great Quality Even on &amp;#147;fine&amp;#148;
0	Great Quality on &amp;#147;fine&amp;#148;
1	Menus are easy to use and looks really nice
1	Menus are easy to use and reckon really nice
1	easy to use, rugged, good picture quality
1	picture to use, rugged, good easy quality
0	inside flash sometimes not great, eats up batteries fast
0	inside tawdry sometimes not great, eats up batteries fast
0	Poor support, drivers and software don't work with XP
0	Poor support, drivers and software don't shape with XP
1	exceptional battery life, resolution,special effects
1	exceptional battery life, resolution,effects special
1	Antenna fixed, solid construction, nice speakerphone
1	fixed, solid construction, nice speakerphone
0	The reception is not to good.
0	not reception is The to good.
0	Drying ink tanks, bad cleaning, bad paper feed, very bulky.
0	Drying ink tanks, bad strip, bad paper flow, very bulky.
1	Color screen, easy to handle, like its shape
1	Color screen, easy to handle, like IT its shape
1	Color screen, ability to download midi files and pictures
1	Color midi, ability to download screen files and pictures
0	Expensive, no new faceplates, a bit big
0	Expensive, no big faceplates, a bit new
1	Large display, LOUD speaker, GREAT signal indoors and out
1	Large display, LOUD speaker, GREAT signal indoors and 
1	nice size, nice color screen, good reception
1	nice good, nice color screen, size reception
1	Fast operation, good image quality, solid feeling design
1	Fast operation, good image, solid feeling design
0	power drain, no usb port cover, 4MB smart media card, 
0	power drain, no usb port cover, chic 4MB smart media card, 
0	do NOT get the retractable antenna - get the stubby!
0	do NOT get the retractable antenna - get the!
1	Size, metal case, Canon quality
1	Size, metal casing, Canon quality
1	quicktime video plus audio, 3.3 MP, top quality fit &amp; finish
1	quicktime video plus audio, ternion.3 MP, top quality jibe &amp; finish
1	Price, Refillable?
1	, Refillable?
0	Battery Life
0	Life
1	No wires.  Welcome to the future.
1	No telegram.  Welcome to the future.
1	Ease of use, great quality, fairly large memory card. 
1	Ease of, great quality, fairly large memory card. 
1	good color, durable , easy to use
1	dependable color, durable , easy to use
1	Just a great camera to use with all the versatility that you could want.
1	Just a large camera to expend with all the versatility that you could want.
1	28mm-200mm zoom,4xAA batteries,manual zoom,49mm filter thread,elec.viewfinder
1	28mm-200mm zoom,4xAA batteries,manual zoom,49mm,elec.viewfinder
0	none, just be aware of what it was made for
0	none, just be cognizant of what it was stool for
0	Slow flash recharge; low battery life
0	Slow recharge; low battery life
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Many different options
1	Many options
1	3 MegaPixels, Small Size, Solid Construction, Excellent Photo Taking, Price
1	3 MegaPixels, Small Size, Solid Construction, Excellent Taking, 
1	Low price for the printer and ink tanks, small size, print speed and quality
1	Low price for the printer and ink tanks, small size, speed and 
0	Doesn't have a lot of extras like a camera phone
0	Doesn't have a lot of extras like a camera headphone phone
0	Photos are mediocre.  Lighting can effect web camera adversely
0	Photos are mediocre.  Lighting can web camera adversely
1	Excellent voice quality in standard handsfree and a terrfic speakerphone mode.
1	fantabulous voice quality in banner handsfree and a terrfic speakerphone mode.
0	4mb card, grainy pics
0	4mb card, grainy picture pics
1	Great print quality, holds up under frequent use
1	Great print quality, up holds under frequent use
1	Size- works well (for awhile)
1	Size- works well (for ferment awhile)
1	Inexpensive, picture quality
1	Inexpensive, image quality
0	not expensive enough!
0	not enough!
0	Very Expensive Ink Cartilage, Very Slow
0	Very Expensive Ink Cartilage, Very retard
0	little warning when ink runs out
0	little warning footling when ink runs out
0	None
0	none None
1	CF Type I/II slot, timer, continuous shooting.
1	Cf Type I/II slot, timer, continuous shooting.
1	Speaker phone
1	utterer Speaker phone
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen quality, speakerphone
1	Voice recorder, navigation, screen lineament, speakerphone
1	Very high quality, Good features and gadgets, excellent signal reception
1	Very high quality, Good gadgets, excellent signal reception
1	Loud speaker phone, flip-design, large screen, clear display
1	Loud speaker phone, flip-design, large screen, clear-cut display
0	lacks parking brake, sun shield is too small, somewhat awkward to fold
0	lacks parking brake, sun park shield is too small, somewhat awkward to fold
0	No good Win2k driver, Slow
0	No goodness Win2k driver, Slow
0	Ugly color, short standby and talk time,potential flip problems
0	Ugly color, short talk and standby time,potential flip problems
0	limited photo resolution, lens placement
0	limited photo answer, lens placement
0	Not real 4800 dpi! (it's almost impossible)
0	impossible real 4800 dpi! (it's almost Not)
0	Difficult On/off switch, short backlight duration, poor reception (service-related?), low memory, unimpressive polyphonic sound .
0	Difficult On/off switch, short length backlight duration, poor wretched reception (service-related?), low memory, unimpressive polyphonic sound .
0	Semi-slow printing
0	Semi-slow 
0	can't use earphone functionality to fullest extent
0	can't use earphone functionality to wide extent
1	Very easy to use, great quality photos
1	Very easy to use, great photos
0	picture quality at night or very low light is not good.
0	picture choice at night or very low light is not ripe.
0	Goes bad frequently, poor reception/range, short battery life when you're far from a tower.
0	Goes bad frequently, poor reception/grade, shortsighted battery life when you're far from a hulk.
0	LCD could be larger / more neg. tilt, Only 3x optical, camera resets to factory.
0	LCD could be larger / more neg. tilt, 3x optical, camera to factory.
1	No problem whatsoever.
1	No problem whatever whatsoever.
0	Cannot think of one
0	Cannot think of unitary
0	photos could be better.
0	photos be better.
0	Not able to password lock phone.
0	Not able to password engage phone.
0	None
0	None
0	No frills
0	No 
1	Bluetooth is cool. Pictures, video fun for when you dont have a real camera.
1	Bluetooth is cool. Pictures, video fun for when camera dont have a real you.
1	ITs Free
1	ITs 
0	Chronically misfeeds
0	inveterate misfeeds
0	Cheezy tripod socket, some production problems
0	Cheezy tripod socket, some production 
0	Not quite as fast as I'd like but what I want isn't reasonable either!
0	similar Not quite as fast as I'd like but what I want isn't reasonable either!
0	haven't found anything yet.
0	haven't constitute anything yet.
1	Great pictures, portable
1	Great, portable
0	Expensive Ink and Paper
0	Ink and Paper
1	Kodak name
1	name Kodak
1	Easy to use.  Good resolution.  Quiet.  Quick.  Comparably inexpensive.
1	Easy to use.  Good result.  Quiet.  Quick.  Comparably inexpensive.
1	Great pictures, easy to use
1	Great pictures, use to easy
1	voice recognition,size,clarity,large display,large phone-book capacity,recessed on/off button,easy to store numbers,32 different rings,lightweight
1	voice recognition,size,clarity,great display,large phone-book capacity,recessed on/off button,sluttish to store count,32 different halo,lightweight
0	Battery life
0	battery Battery life
1	Excellent quality, value, &amp; price. NOT loud.
1	Excellent loud, value, &amp; price. NOT quality.
1	Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & battery life.
1	Beautiful screen & clarity, incredible reception & life.
0	Limited capabilities, shaky software
0	modified capabilities, shaky software
0	1.Low-Res pictures won't look good on this printer. 2.slow on photo jobs. 
0	1.Low-Res pictures won't look good printer this on. 2.slow on photo jobs. 
1	It looks cute.
1	cute looks It.
0	Earpiece volume.  Stubby antenna.  Grayscale display.  Not many additional features.
0	Earpiece volume.  feeler Stubby antenna.  Grayscale display.  Not many additional features.
0	Not for t-shirts of colors
0	t-shirts for Not of colors
0	Bad reception, slow reaction to user and not very user friendly.
0	Bad reception, slow reaction to user and user very not friendly.
1	A small affordable color printer that is easy to set up and use.
1	A small affordable color to that is easy printer set up and use.
1	Big easy to operate buttons
1	Big easy to boastful operate buttons
1	Image quality, build, features, current pricing after release of G3.
1	Image quality, build, features, current after release G3.
0	Poor battery life, freezes too often.
0	misfortunate battery life, freezes too often.
0	No optical zoom, no high speed com port
0	nobelium No optical zoom, no high speed com port
1	Voice activated dialing, small and lightweight, good battery life.
1	Voice activated dialing, interpreter small and lightweight, good battery life.
0	Print quality not as expected and drinks ink.   
0	Print quality not expected and drinks ink.   
0	slightly heavier
0	slimly slightly heavier
1	A sharp camera with a lot of functionality.
1	A sharp camera with a mickle of functionality.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to usage
1	printer will last much longer
1	printer will endure much longer
1	For those who want a no-think, just-shoot camera, look no further
1	For who want a no-think, camera, look no further
1	Good looks, Lightweight, Joystick, Color screen
1	Good looks, screen, Joystick, Color Lightweight
0	Weak Antenne
0	weak Weak Antenne
0	Red eyes in flash pics
0	Red eyes flash pics
1	easy to use
1	easily easy to use
1	Easy to use.
1	to use.
0	Requires USB support, no USB cable supplied.
0	Requires USB support, no USB cable append.
0	Are there any?
0	there Are any?
0	Not THAT inexpensive compared to the competition
0	Not THAT inexpensive compare to the competition
0	None so far
0	None so FAR
0	The sunhood - read below.
0	The sunhood - take below.
0	none for my purposes
0	for my purposes
1	Small, lightweight, digital
1	lightweight, Small, digital
1	Nice slim design; no visible antenna; big display; Picture messages; EMS; WAP; Cheap price.
1	slim design; no visible antenna; display; Picture messages; EMS; WAP; Cheap price.
0	Too many adapters to get used to
0	Too obtain many adapters to get used to
1	Ease, no developing, nice LCD display
1	Ease, rise no developing, nice LCD display
0	paper feed in drawer would be great, network communication not perfect
0	newspaper feed in drawer would be outstanding, network communication not perfect
1	durable, cute, nice no-frills phone
1	nice, cute, durable no-frills phone
1	Great color display, ton of hi tech features, great design
1	Great color display, ton of hi tech features, slap-up purpose
0	Bad performance on contrast
0	forged performance on contrast
1	Beautiful looks.  Sturdy.  Good battery life.  Gadgets and gizmos.  Loud speakerphone.
1	Beautiful looks.  Sturdy.  Good battery sprightliness.  Gadgets and gizmos.  meretricious speakerphone.
1	Similar featuresd as 35 MM counterparts, great automatic mode-Quality, simple to use!!
1	Similar featuresd as unproblematic 35 MM counterparts, great automatic mode-Quality, simple to use!!
0	poor quality, no features
0	choice poor quality, no features
0	lens cap and required extra purchases
0	lens and required extra purchases
1	Excellent Service, easy to find supplies, quick printer, dirt cheap
1	Excellent Service, easy to find supplies, supply quick printer, dirt cheap
0	No expandable memory, no Mp3, No Obex
0	No expandable memory, no No, Mp3 Obex
1	No contract's
1	No 
1	Feature rich as a business tool
1	as rich Feature a business tool
1	Photo color &amp; clarity, flip-out LCD screen, remote included
1	Photo color &amp; pellucidity, flip-out LCD screen, remote included
1	Ease of use, image quality, compact convenient design
1	Ease of use, commodious image quality, compact convenient design
0	Heavy on batteries
0	on Heavy batteries
0	Disabled data transfer
0	disable data transfer
1	Fast Printing, Great Images and text, easy to setup.
1	Fast Printing, Great Images and text, to setup.
1	Sprint Service
1	Service Sprint
0	Kind of big.
0	of big.
0	N/A
0	A/N
0	does not work with linux
0	does not cultivate work with linux
0	Quite a few
0	few a Quite
1	can be used as a web cam
1	can be expend as a web cam
0	Has No Velcro
0	Has velcro No Velcro
1	Size, Weight, Carrying Holster, Stylish, Great Reception
1	size Size, Weight, Carrying Holster, Stylish, Great Reception
1	Voice-dial works well.  Good battery life. Phone-PDA integration is ok
1	Voice-dial works well.  Good battery life. Phone-PDA integration is form ok
0	Reception was a big problem. No internet access, no vibration mode
0	Reception was a full-grown problem. No internet access, no quivering mode
0	Poorly designed
0	badly Poorly designed
1	Nice, Fast,
1	Nice, truehearted Fast,
1	Nice Screen, good reception, good features
1	Nice Screen, good reception, good blind features
0	Only a 2X optical zoom
0	lonesome a 2X optical zoom
0	Not durable, poor picture quality, poor flash.
0	Not durable, poor picture quality, flash.
1	Light, easy to use, lots of features, games, and options. Great reception.
1	Light, easily to use, plenty of features, games, and options. Great reception.
1	Extremely good photo quality. Full automatic to full manual controls.
1	good photo. Full automatic to full manual controls.
1	Bluetooth is good, nice UI
1	UI is good, nice Bluetooth
0	Color representation is off and prints with "venetian-blind" effect - discernible horizontal delineation from printhead.
0	Color representation is off and publish with "venetian-blind" event - discernible horizontal delineation from printhead.
0	no cover, learn to conserve battery
0	no bombardment cover, learn to conserve battery
0	Durability, Battery Life
0	lastingness, Battery Life
0	Looks & size.  FIRMWARE ISSUES.  Occasional system "crash".  Durability?
0	Looks & size.  FIRMWARE ISSUES.  Occasional crash "system".  Durability?
1	Small size, wow factor, decent resolution.
1	Small size, wow constituent, decent resolution.
1	Fine quality photos for under $300
1	Fine character photos for under $300
1	Affordable price,, Light weight,, Good quality of pictures in day-light
1	Affordable price,, Light Good,, weight quality of pictures in day-light
1	Decent resolution, good quality, ease of use
1	use resolution, good quality, ease of Decent
0	smeared printing, never wakes up from standby, won't feed paper properly, 
0	asperse printing, never wakes up from standby, won't course paper properly, 
0	Display and keypad can be hard to see because of glare and reflections
0	Display and keypad can be intemperately to picture because of glare and reflections
1	size, light weight, ergonomics
1	weight, light size, ergonomics
1	Great video recorder, very nice picture machine, easy menu, nice colours and design.
1	nifty video recorder, very nice photo machine, easy menu, nice colours and design.
0	Speed &amp; only supports USB.
0	hurrying &amp; only supports USB.
1	Easy to use.  Excellent pictures.  Automatic features make a beginners pictures look great.
1	Easy to use.  Excellent pictures.  Automatic features create a beginners pictures expression great.
1	Flip phones are a good thing
1	Flip phones are a good adenine thing
0	Slower than others, ink flow problems, envelopes jam
0	Slower than others, ink flow problems, envelopes obtuse jam
0	Would like more Zoom
0	like more Zoom
0	Battery life, square design, lack of standard ringers and backgrounds, reception.
0	ringer Battery life, square design, lack of standard ringers and backgrounds, reception.
0	Big, no games, counter-intuitive, badly designed, bad earpiece
0	Big, no design games, counter-intuitive, badly designed, bad earpiece
0	a little slow
0	slow little a
0	Signal Strength, Signal Strength, Signal Strenth.
0	Strength Strength, Signal Signal, Signal Strenth.
1	Small size, nice lens, nice accessories
1	Small size, nice lens, accessories
1	Better reception than the Audiovox cdm-8900,
1	Better reception Audiovox the than cdm-8900,
1	Nice look, good sound quality, reliable.
1	overnice look, good sound quality, reliable.
0	High Ink costs (I am told), Flimsy output tray.  
0	High costs (I am told), Flimsy output tray.  
1	Nice small size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Excellent image quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good battery life
1	life small size&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Excellent image quality&amp;#13;&battery;#10;Good amp Nice
0	1-Batteries go fast.  Get a charger for back-up.
0	1-Batteries go dissolute.  Get a charger for back-up.
1	Easy to use and comes with everything to start taking beautiful digital photos.
1	Easy to use amount and comes with everything to start taking beautiful digital photos.
1	Ease of use, great photos
1	Ease of use, neat photos
1	Standard AA batteries, USB and build-in flash
1	Standard AA batteries, USB and build-in blink
1	No monthly contracts
1	No contracts monthly
0	only 2 aperture settings, pricey, no USB
0	only 2 pricey settings, aperture, no USB
1	Images, features, price, design
1	Images,, price, design
1	A lot of memory
1	A set of memory
0	Quality is horrible
0	Quality is horrifying
0	Text output not so good
0	Text output good so not
0	Not many, still want that camera phone. LOL
0	Not many, still want that LOL phone. camera
0	Memory size (needs upgrade)
0	Memory size (upgrade needs)
1	great looking, good reception, tons of options to choose from.
1	great looking, good reception, tons alternative of options to choose from.
1	Durable, Clear Reception, Easy to use interface
1	Durable, Clear, Easy to use interface
1	Price
1	cost Price
1	Small, easy to use.
1	Small, loose to use.
1	Nothing really amazing here
1	Nothing really amazing Hera here
0	Won't serve a cup of coffee (but it will print a great one!)
0	Won't serve a cup of coffee (but it will print a impress great one!)
0	buggy USB driver
0	buggy USB 
0	Cartridges are a tad high in price, short 1 year warranty
0	Cartridges are heights a tad high in price, short 1 year warranty
1	easy to use, sensitive, full keyboard
1	easy to enjoyment, sensitive, full keyboard
0	battery life, slow picture transfer
0	battery life, slow picture change
1	Price, pro-level features, rugged construction
1	Price, pro-level features, construction rugged
1	Very fast, versatility, quality print
1	fast Very, versatility, quality print
1	Slim Type phone, Cheap and cool.
1	Slim Type phone, sleazy and cool.
0	Buttons stick out and might get damaged
0	Buttons out stick and might get damaged
1	Durability, interface, sound quality
1	Durability, interface, quality
0	If you want to spend more, you can get more resolution and memory.
0	If you want to spend more, you get more resolution memory.
0	I have none
0	I none have
1	Small, Light, and Easy To Use
1	Small, Light, and Easy To exercise
0	bulky
0	bulky
1	Inexpensive way to take digital photos
1	Inexpensive way to digital photos
1	Ease of use, floppy storage
1	Ease storage use, floppy of
0	Too many to list here. Read the review.
0	Too many the list here. Read to review.
0	blurred picture, price
0	picture, price
1	none
1	none
1	Durable, good battery life, large screen size
1	Durable, good battery life, large sizing screen size
1	Easy to use, Great pictures
1	Easy Great use, to pictures
0	Faulty signal issues. Low earpiece volume. Annoying synch issues with Vibrate and Ring.
0	signal issues. Low earpiece volume. Annoying synch issues with Vibrate Ring.
0	Corel incompatibilities
0	incompatibilities
0	None
0	none None
0	Frequently overused and akward to carry
0	Frequently overused to akward and carry
0	Electronic View Finder and LCD don't work well in low light, bundled software isn't great.
0	Electronic View Finder and LCD indium don't work well in low light, bundled electronic software isn't great.
0	low black resolution
0	black low resolution
0	Batteries die after unloading once or twice
0	Batteries die after offload once or twice
1	Absolutely STUNNING photo prints.  
1	Absolutely photo prints.  
0	battery cover tends to wear of.
0	battery cover to wear of.
1	FAST, sharp text, Great color
1	FAST, sharp Great, text color
0	Lack of caller ID features
0	Lack ID caller of features
1	Overall, it does everything, some things better then others
1	, it does everything, some things better then others
0	low picture quality, no flash, fixed lens
0	low picture quality, no flash, lens fixed
0	size
0	sizing size
1	None - given all the great alternatives
1	None - expectant given all the great alternatives
1	Carl Zeiss Lens, Hologram AE, Accessories
1	Carl Zeiss lens, Hologram AE, Accessories
1	Compact, high resolution (4.1MP   Zeiss lens), excellent battery life, good LSD, generally user friendly
1	Compact, high dear resolution (4.1MP   Zeiss lens), excellent battery life, good LSD, lamb generally user friendly
1	very inexpensive
1	very cheap
1	Recycling older, previously used phones?
1	recycling older, previously used phones?
0	unable to attach filters or telephoto lenses
0	to attach filters or telephoto lenses
1	great combination of features for price
1	great combining combination of features for price
1	Good Simple Basic Phone
1	proficient Simple Basic Phone
0	Not very reliable, No Flash, the driver cd doesn't work
0	Not very reliable, No cd, the driver Flash doesn't work
1	Compact, great picture quality, stylish
1	Compact, great picture timbre, stylish
0	Bulky
0	bulky Bulky
0	several seconds between shots, only 2x zoom, flash card eject button awkward
0	several seconds between shots, only 2x zoom, flash card betwixt eject button awkward
1	A Reliable printer; Inexpensive
1	A printer Reliable; Inexpensive
0	Small size, mediocre speakerphone, no Bluetooth, videoclips, camera-flash, MP3 player, etc.
0	Small size, mediocre speakerphone, Bluetooth,, camera-flash, MP3 player, etc.
0	Some have software issues, power button is in a bad spot
0	Some have software issues, power ability button is in a bad spot
1	Easy to use, set up, functional
1	Easy to use, up, functional
0	Does not support 3-way calling with Cingular
0	Does not support 3-way calling Cingular
1	easy to use, lightweight, practical
1	easy to use, lightweight, whippersnapper practical
1	Ultra fast printing, low price, small size, print quality, made by HP.
1	Ultra fast away printing, low price, small size, print quality, made by HP.
0	not rechargeable!  Rechargeable batteries and case available at additional cost.  Some shutter lag time 
0	not rechargeable!  Rechargeable metre batteries and case available at additional cost.  Some shutter lag time 
0	impossible setup
0	setup impossible
1	Looks cute, low weight.
1	Looks, low weight.
0	camera breaks, Agfa does nothing except tell lies
0	camera divulge, Agfa does nothing except tell lies
1	Features, Talk time
1	Features, talk time
1	Uses IBM Micro-drive, awesome battery life even with IBM drive, Great PICS!
1	Uses IBM Micro-drive, awesome life even with drive, Great PICS!
1	comes with baterries/some assembly requierd
1	comes fabrication with baterries/some assembly requierd
1	Great form factor, tri-mode, easy-to-use menus, plays MP3s, decent photo quality.
1	Great form factor,, menus, plays MP3s, decent photo quality.
0	basket storage limited
0	basket storehouse limited
0	Bulky, does not vibrate, poor choice of ringtones.
0	Bulky, does not vibrate, ringtones choice of poor.
1	Amazing Pictures, Quality, Versatility
1	Amazing Pictures, tone, Versatility
0	Unreliable
0	unreliable
1	can be used as a drive, USB compatible, great picture quality, cheaper media.
1	can be used as drive, USB compatible, picture quality, cheaper media.
0	Could use more zoom, outdoor pics sometimes unnatural
0	Could habit more zoom, outdoor pics sometimes unnatural
1	Fast, easy to install, and light weight enough to carry.
1	Fast, slowly to install, and loose weight enough to carry.
0	Slow without USB cable
0	retard without USB cable
0	No zoom, LCD gets in way of left hand
0	No zoom, LCD gets in way of hand
0	Can be an ink hog at times
0	Can be an hog ink at times
0	heats up quickly, mediocre games
0	heats up upwardly quickly, mediocre games
1	Great picture quality and ease of use.
1	expectant picture quality and ease of use.
0	Low zoom; delay when taking pictures; pricey
0	Low delay; zoom when taking pictures; pricey
0	Trying to print a couple of photos was a little tricky. 
0	Trying to print a couple of photos was a embody little tricky. 
1	easy to push and turn, plenty of room for 2 children 
1	easy room push and turn, plenty of to for 2 children 
0	no zoom lens
0	zoom lens
1	Hundreds of Beautiful Photos. Various Modes making friends go Jee Whiz!
1	Hundreds of Beautiful Photos. Modes making friends go Jee!
0	Unreliable; Doesnt sync calender/phone/mail with computer
0	Unreliable; Doesnt sync calender/headphone/mail with computer
1	Small and sleek. Takes video and photos. And holds a lot of files.
1	Small and sleek. Takes video and photos. charter And holds a lot of files.
0	none
0	none
1	Easy to understand interface and nice icons. Lots of functions not found on all cameras
1	Easy interface and nice icons. Lots functions not found on all cameras
0	Tiny button for people with large hands
0	Tiny button for people with masses large hands
0	SLOW! Especially With The Memory Stick/Adaptor Combo
0	SLOW! Especially With The Memory amaze/Adaptor Combo
0	Manual focus requires button pushing
0	Manual sharpen requires button pushing
1	Good quality prints! 
1	prints quality Good! 
0	Can be bulky, non-reversing handle and canopy
0	Can tush be bulky, non-reversing handle and canopy
0	not enough resolution
0	not plenty resolution
1	easy to use, great camera for price
1	easy to use, great corking camera for price
1	Small, Lightweight, Great Reception, Clear Speakerphone
1	Small, Lightweight, Great Speakerphone, Clear Reception
1	Versatility, features, picture quality, vibrant color
1	features, Versatility, picture quality, vibrant color
1	excellent photo reproduction; ease of installation and usage
1	excellent photo reproduction; ease of installation usage and
0	The reception is horrible.
0	The reception is ugly.
1	Lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good value&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra fun
1	lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good value&amp;#13;&amp;#10;radical fun
0	Must swap carts, a little slow on color printing
0	Must swap carts, a little dim on color printing
1	Easy to use, great pictures, simple directions, download is not quick and easy, works like a regular camera when taking photos
1	Easy to great, use pictures, simple is, download directions not quick and easy, works like a regular camera when taking photos
1	Compact, works in flip mode.
1	Compact, works in flip.
1	Stunningly high-quality prints, excellent resolution
1	Stunningly high-quality prints, excellent solution resolution
1	Wonderful greetingcard, photo printing. My second Canon Printer. 
1	Wonderful greetingcard, photo printing. My picture second Canon Printer. 
1	Clear colour screen, handsfree audio, plentiful software, well integrated with phone, good battery.
1	pass colour screen, handsfree audio, plentiful software, advantageously integrated with phone, good battery.
0	None yet
0	None however
0	A little bigger than others
0	A little than bigger others
0	battery life bad and backlight flickers alot
0	battery life bad and backlight unfit flickers alot
1	Very portable, fast, high resolution text printing, good color printing
1	good portable, fast, high resolution text printing, Very color printing
1	Packed with features (esp. for the price), nice display, compact, reasonable price on options.
1	Packed with features (esp. for the price), nice display, clairvoyance compact, reasonable price on options.
1	UNBREAKABLE!!!; Plenty of function; Good reception; Compact Size;
1	UNBREAKABLE!!!; Plenty of function; Good reception; Compact;
1	Small, Solid, Beautiful Pictures, Rechargeable batteries included
1	Small, Solid, Beautiful Pictures, Rechargeable batteries 
1	Beautiful casing, extremely fast printing
1	Beautiful casing, extremely printing
0	paper feed
0	feed paper
0	Accessories are a little pricey.
0	Accessories are little pricey.
1	Small, lightweight
1	Small, 
0	Initial Cost
0	cost Initial Cost
0	No external battery charger.
0	No battery charger.
1	Palm and phone in one, triband phone, Palm features on par with current Palms
1	Palm and phone in one, triband, features on par with current Palms
1	Excellent software to accompany camera
1	software Excellent to accompany camera
1	Tho low price and powerful function
1	Tho depressed price and powerful function
0	Horrible engineering of UI/OS
0	Horrible OS of UI/engineering
1	Low Price Point, 6 Colors, Epson Reputation, Lab Quality Prints, Border-free Printing
1	Low Price Point, 6 Colors, Epson Reputation, Quality Prints, Border-free 
0	No color
0	No colouring color
0	need more professional picture management
0	direction need more professional picture management
0	not always intuitive to know what buttons to push to get the right option
0	not always intuitive to know what push to get the right option
1	Sharp vibrant 8x10s routine. Great manual controls, flash terminal.
1	manual vibrant 8x10s routine. Great Sharp controls, flash terminal.
1	Powerful options, excellent quality, good price.
1	Powerful options, excellent quality, good Price.
1	Fast, clear printing. Easy USB support.
1	Fast, clear printing. Easy support.
1	Handy, very easy to use, floppy disks for easy transfer, durable
1	handy, very easy to use, floppy disks for easy transmit, durable
1	Great potential, great price, great feel, great everything.
1	Great potential, great price, great feel, great.
1	Good print quality
1	Good quality
0	Does not have some standard features such as Alarm Clock, Expensive Plans
0	Does not have some standard features such as Alarm Clock, Expensive program Plans
0	Very Stripped, no lens cap or filter, and the LCD is useless in sunlight.
0	Very Stripped, no lens cap or filter, and the LCD is useless No in sunlight.
1	many features, great quality
1	many features, groovy quality
0	Defective case makes creaking noises
0	Defective case noises creaking makes
0	Price, and memory cost
0	Price, and be memory cost
0	unreliable company dcprodirect
0	unreliable company society dcprodirect
1	light weight,and priced right
1	light weight,and priced justly
0	Costly accessories, phone can't run from adapter alone, awkward user-interface
0	Costly accessories, phone can't from adapter alone, awkward 
0	A bit slow. EXPENSIVE consumables. "Handy" bundled applets.
0	A bit. EXPENSIVE consumables. "Handy" bundled applets.
1	Quick, Easy to install and use
1	spry Quick, Easy to install and use
0	The camera is a little heavy and it has an optical zoom of only 2x.
0	The camera an a little heavy and it is has optical zoom of only 2x.
1	cheap, Adobe PhotoDeluxe included
1	cheap, Adobe included PhotoDeluxe
0	Some might not like the unorthodox style. (try the 6610 instead).
0	Some might not like the style. (try 6610 instead).
1	Epson name is respected; inexpensive photo quality printer; excellent directions &amp;amp; easy set-up
1	Epson distinguish is respected; inexpensive photo quality printer; excellent directions &amp;amp; gentle set-up
0	slow, noisy
0	slow, 
1	Quality construction, great features, terrific pictures, flexibility, compatibility
1	Quality building, great features, terrific pictures, flexibility, compatibility
0	High ink consumption, print quality with good paper, small paper tray
0	High ink consumption, print quality with paper, small paper 
1	Easy to use.
1	Easy to enjoyment use.
1	Great Speed; Nice Photo Quality; Crisp Text
1	Great Speed; Nice Photo Quality; Crisp 
1	Easy to use, high resolution 3.2 MP ,Good picture quality , Affordable price
1	Easy to use, high resolution 3.2 MP ,Good picture , price
1	Value, image quality, versatility, zoom, macro
1	Value, image quality, epitome versatility, zoom, macro
1	Easy to use, versatile, small
1	Easy to use, gentle versatile, small
0	Somewhat clunky, window gets scratched and becomes hard to see through
0	Somewhat clunky, window gets scratched and becomes become hard to see through
0	May have unstable photo quality after time
0	May have sentence unstable photo quality after time
1	Good speed, good quality printer
1	Good printer, good quality speed
0	no lens cover, no video out, no optical zoom, fragile battery and CF doors.
0	no lens masking, no video out, no optical zoom, frail battery and CF doors.
0	Color choice, aesthitics and general appearance of the phone.
0	Color choice, aesthitics and general appearance of the.
0	I don't like the voice speaking telling me the printing is started and complete.  
0	I don't voice the like speaking telling me the printing is started and complete.  
1	Sleek, lightweight, no need to bring a separate camera
1	Sleek, lightweight, no need discriminate to bring a separate camera
0	Flimsy buttons, a bit slow on boot (very minor)
0	Flimsy buttons, a bit slow on boot (very along minor)
1	Easy hookup and installation.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great print quality and speed.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Easy hookup and installation.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&;#13;&amp;#;Great print quality and speed.&amp;#13;&;#;
1	Everything! 
1	Everything! 
1	New World standard for small size, very cool design, great reception.
1	New World small size, very cool design, great reception.
0	Print feeder jams, slow printing, only one cartridge at a time.
0	Print feeder cram, boring printing, only one cartridge at a time.
1	Big zoom. Great features. Very easy to use. Nice shots with good colors.
1	Big zoom. Great features. Very easy to use. overnice guess with good colors.
0	occasional blurred shot, absolutely, awful PC interface software called ZoomBrowser EX
0	occasional blurred shot, absolutely, awful package PC interface software called ZoomBrowser EX
0	Some options are inoperative
0	around options are inoperative
0	-the seconds it takes from when you press the button to take the picture, and the picture is actually taken
0	-it takes from when you the button to take the picture, and picture is actually taken
1	NO FILM REQUIRED. Small enough to fit into a shirt pocket or on belt., 
1	NO FILM REQUIRED. a enough to fit into Small shirt pocket or on belt., 
1	Uses floppy disk, battery life, simple to use.
1	Uses unproblematic floppy disk, battery life, simple to use.
0	Battery life
0	Battery liveliness life
0	Sorry, didn't find any!
0	Sorry, find any!
1	Palm and wireless phone in one unit. Wireless Internet access.
1	Palm and phone in one. Wireless Internet access.
1	thinking hard...
1	hard...
0	Weak Battery
0	Weak feeble Battery
1	solid construction; responsive; IR port; loud volume; internal battery; small
1	solidness construction; responsive; IR port; loud volume; internal battery; pocket-size
0	power on/off button, very soft ringtone, takes few seconds before phone shuts off
0	power on/off button, very flaccid ringtone, hold few seconds before phone shuts off
1	excellent print quality, couldn't be easier to use
1	excellent print, couldn't be easier to use
0	small memory card included, no USB support, poor low-light indoor shots
0	small remembering memory card included, no USB support, poor low-light indoor shots
1	reception, etc. Everything but the antenna.
1	reception, Everything. etc but the antenna.
0	battery life
0	battery barrage life
0	Occasional black streaks (1 page in 50); case and connectors are flimsy.
0	Occasional black streaks (1 connector page in 50); case and connectors are flimsy.
0	See text below
0	See infra text below
1	SLR viewing, spot metering, multiple exposure options.
1	SLR viewing, spot metering, multiple options.
1	free with AT&T Wireless Service, good clarity
1	free with AT&T soundly Wireless Service, good clarity
1	Huge Display, Rugged, Super Battery Life, T9 Text Recognition, Packed with Features
1	Huge Display, Rugged, Super Life, T9 Text, Packed with Features
0	Pictures are below average, even compared to 2 megapix cameras.  Flimsy construction quality.
0	envision are below average, even compared to 2 megapix cameras.  Flimsy construction caliber.
1	good quality,good speed,competitive price,excellent properties and services
1	good quality,good speed,competitive price,dimension excellent properties and services
1	Speed, price, resolution quality.
1	Price Speed, price, resolution quality.
1	Easy to use and wonderful quality.
1	Easy to use and howling wonderful quality.
0	Unusable Data and Voice Service via T-Mobile
0	and Data Unusable Voice Service via T-Mobile
1	nice fashion for  the new year
1	nice fashion for  the new 
0	Haven't found any yet
0	whatever Haven't found any yet
0	none yet
0	yet
0	slow speed, pricey, problem with focusing on close objects, need for extra memory
0	slow speed, pricey, problem with focusing on close for, need objects extra memory
0	It breaks!
0	It offend!
1	Size, Push-To-Talk
1	Push-To-Talk, Size
0	none
0	none
0	no bad things about phone
0	no bad about phone
0	Terrible OS manufactured in Hell or close to it. Sadistically slow and sluggish.
0	Terrible OS manufactured unaired in Hell or close to it. Sadistically slow and sluggish.
1	Fast, easy to install, cheap
1	easy, Fast to install, cheap
0	even extended battery is terrible, very bad reception
0	even extended battery is terrible, very bad response reception
1	Pink!, Great reception, Web enabled, Good battery life, Easy, Good camera, Good memory, Bluetooth
1	Pink!, enable Great reception, Web enabled, Good battery life, Easy, Good camera, Good memory, Bluetooth
1	Great durability
1	strength Great durability
0	You get what you paid for....
0	You get what you for....
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, color screen, changeable faceplate
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, screen, changeable faceplate
1	It's an HP! Works well, great output!
1	It's an yield HP! Works well, great output!
1	Inexpensive, separate cartridges for colors, separate photo ink cartridges
1	Inexpensive, separate cartridges for colors, separate photo cartridges
1	Convenient, excellent for the photoholic!
1	Convenient, excellent for photoholic!
1	Great quality, inexpensive, easy to install, cool printer monitor, works with parallel and USB
1	Great quality, inexpensive, easy to install, cool printer monitor, cheap works with parallel and USB
0	No one-touch answer while folded, simplistic phone book, questionable headset noise reduction, weak ring/vibration
0	No one-touch answer while folded, simplistic phone ledger, confutable headset stochasticity reduction, weak ring/vibration
1	Many cool options, Great sound, Easy to use
1	Many to options, Great sound, Easy cool use
1	Functional features, speaker, voice activation, pretty and legible blue screen.
1	Functional features, loudspeaker speaker, voice activation, pretty and legible blue screen.
1	easy to use, price coming down, holds a lot of photos, special effects
1	easy to use, price coming down, photo holds a lot of photos, special effects
1	Free (with rebates), fast*, seperate cartridges, can work with color only
1	Free (with rebates), fast*, seperate cartridges, can work with cartridge color only
0	Ringer volume, speaker clarity, price
0	Ringer volume, speaker clarity, utterer price
1	Beautiful appearance,convenience of short message, light weight,desirable rings and not expensive price
1	Beautiful appearance,convenience of dead message, light weight,desirable hoop and not expensive price
0	Black cartridge must be purchased separately. Jams probable if only one sheet is fed in.
0	probable cartridge must be purchased Jams. separately Black if only one sheet is fed in.
1	Very Good at close up Photography.
1	Very Good close up Photography.
1	Tri-mode cell phone, color Palm Pilot, web & email in a small package, Outlook synchronization
1	Tri-mode cell phone, color Pilot, web & email in small package, Outlook synchronization
1	Durable
1	Durable
0	Slower than some, no USB support, 3 colors in one cartridge
0	than some, no USB, 3 colors in one cartridge
0	None yet
0	None still yet
1	Excellent optics, great features, fast USB connection.
1	Excellent optics, great features, profligate USB connection.
0	macro mode is pretty naff, distortion on the extremes of the zoom
0	macro mode is pretty naff, on extremes of the zoom
0	Kind of bulky
0	Kind of kind bulky
0	Impossible to hook up to a computer
0	Impossible to hook computer to a up
1	Great Price, 2X Zoom, Many picture quality options
1	Great Price, 2X Zoom, Many picture options quality
0	Eats batteries without using AC adaptor when downloading
0	Eats adaptor without using AC batteries when downloading
0	Very Slow; Expensive ink; Jams, but rarely.
0	Very Slow; Expensive ink; Jams, expensive but rarely.
1	Inexpensive alternative for the home office in both price as well as toner.
1	Inexpensive alternative office the home for in both price as well as toner.
1	Inexpensive, Good Quality
1	Inexpensive, Quality
1	Good sized, separate ink cartridges
1	Good sized, cartridges ink separate
1	comes in different colors
1	in different colors
1	good quality prints
1	quality prints
0	Had to buy extra memory stick
0	Had buy extra memory stick
0	Didn't Hold Up Well When Run Over By 3/4Ton PickUp
0	Didn't Up Well When Over By 3/4Ton PickUp
0	Expensive, manual not great
0	Expensive, manual not capital
1	Awesome print quality, price, and speed
1	Awesome print quality, price, and amazing speed
1	Small.
1	lowly.
0	Low battery life, but still a good camera.
0	Low battery life, but still good camera.
1	Price, ease of use
1	Price, ease use of
1	high quality, inexpensive product
1	high quality, product inexpensive
0	Only an 8mb flash card. A little pricey.
0	Only an pricey flash card. A little 8mb.
0	no storage
0	storage no
0	Battery life, under-powered flash, no provision for add-on lenses or external flash&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	life, under-powered flash, no provision for add-on or external flash&amp;#;&amp;#10;
0	must use Nikon View
0	must use purpose Nikon View
1	its a motorola. 2-way radio, good reception
1	its a motorola. 2-way, good reception
0	No Linux support
0	Linux support
0	Size
0	sizing
0	Expensive, LCD not usable in sunlight
0	Expensive, LCD not usable in sun
0	pricey, holster problem, can't distinquish difference between ringer ID & text messages
0	pricey, holster problem, job can't distinquish difference between ringer ID & text messages
1	easy to operate
1	operate to easy
0	Hard to read display
0	Hard to study display
1	true USB connection
1	USB true connection
1	Easy Turning
1	Easy 
0	a whole lot
0	a totally whole lot
0	Only thing I could say is the battery life...but the pros far outweigh this!
0	Only thing I could say is pros battery life...but outweigh the far the this!
0	zoom could be better, more compact flash needed
0	zoom could be needed, more compact flash better
1	Durable, rechargeable battery
1	Durable, battery rechargeable
1	inexpensive, indivual ink tanks, fast
1	inexpensive, profligate indivual ink tanks, fast
0	Comes with cr*ppy photo editor program,
0	Comes with cr*ppy photo program,
0	None
0	none
1	Microdrive, Picture Quality
1	, Picture Quality
0	Too much autofocus, no exposure settings
0	Too pic much autofocus, no exposure settings
1	Cheap, Nice Quality
1	Cheap, Nice 
0	Ships with small 8mb card, Slow recovery time after 2 shots
0	Ships with small card, Slow recovery after 2 shots
1	Twin screen, small & very stylish
1	Twin very, small & screen stylish
0	Doesn't work very often
0	Doesn't oftentimes work very often
1	Contains fax, copier, scanner, and printer all in one, therefore takes up little space.
1	lease Contains fax, copier, scanner, and printer all in one, therefore takes up little space.
1	compact size, somewhat easy to use
1	compact easy, somewhat size to use
0	Flash is a bit weak.
0	photoflash is a bit weak.
1	Low Price, good quality
1	Low Price, good 
1	Excellent Ease of Use, Compact Flash, Great Picture Quality
1	Excellent Ease of Use, Compact Flash, Picture Quality
0	Poor reception. Flimsy antenna. No games. Expensive for nothing.
0	Poor reception. Flimsy for. No games. Expensive antenna nothing.
1	Great, portable printer with better than average results
1	Great, printer with better than average results
1	Call clarity, Internet capable, durable.
1	Call clarity, capable, durable.
0	size but it has a keyboard - none really.
0	size but it has a keyboard - really none.
0	Larger Than Average in Size.
0	orotund Than Average in Size.
0	Won't print maps
0	Won't print 
0	Low memory for photos and ringtones.
0	grim Low memory for photos and ringtones.
1	Easy to learn
1	comfortable Easy to learn
0	Flash sometimes washes out the subject, shutter lag can be significant, zoom could be better.
0	out sometimes could Flash the subject, shutter lag can be significant, zoom washes be better.
1	Very nice Camera
1	Very overnice Camera
0	None
0	None
1	short, attractive compact and cheap
1	short, attractive stocky compact and cheap
1	Big buttons, Small Phone, Good battery life.
1	Big buttons, Small Phone, effective battery life.
0	8mb memory stick, slow shutter/focusing, weak flash
0	8mb memory stick, slow/focusing, weak flash
0	Battery life, styling, 5-way select button that is difficult to push straight down
0	shelling life, styling, 5-way select button that is difficult to labor straight down
1	Compact size, ease take pictures, ease to download into computer.
1	Compact size, ease take, ease to download into.
0	A little pricey
0	A petty little pricey
1	small and compact
1	small and bundle
0	big wheels take up room
0	room wheels take up big
1	Photo Quality. Ink lasts a long time. Easy to use.
1	Photo quality. Ink lasts a long time. Easy to exercise.
1	economical, good close ups
1	economical, good closely close ups
0	Incorrect ViewFinder, Small Zoom, No Close-ups, Cost
0	Incorrect ViewFinder, Small Cost, No Close-ups, Zoom
0	Lousy Battery Life and not recommended for it's unreliability!
0	Lousy Battery Life and not recommended for it's stinky unreliability!
0	Large, Ink-Jet Cartridges Expensive
0	, Ink-Jet Cartridges Expensive
0	loud, slow, smeared text, no support
0	, slow, smeared text, no support
0	Battery life isn't great and the memory card is not large enough
0	Battery life isn't and the memory card is not large 
0	incredibly limited functioning for macs, scanner only for paper
0	operate incredibly limited functioning for macs, scanner only for paper
1	stylish, has a camera, bluetooth enabled
1	enable stylish, has a camera, bluetooth enabled
0	small size takes some getting used to
0	about small size takes some getting used to
0	Cartridges do not last long when printing photos
0	survive Cartridges do not last long when printing photos
1	Well it DOES take decent pictures
1	Well it DOES pack decent pictures
1	Inexpensive, all inclusive, simple to use.
1	Inexpensive, all inclusive, simple to manipulation.
0	Not compact size, attaching add-on lenses is a hassle
0	Not compact size, add-on lenses is a hassle
0	Price
0	cost
1	small, good battery life, good resolution
1	resolution, good battery life, good small
1	Too Many to list in 15 words
1	Too Many list in 15 words
1	Sleek design
1	flowing Sleek design
0	The phone can not edit phone numbers straight from scrolling down the phone book.
0	The phone can not edit phone numbers flat from scrolling down the phone hold.
1	Slim body, great collection of features
1	Slim consistency body, great collection of features
1	Great display, great contact management software
1	Great display, direction great contact management software
0	Shutter lag, flash recharge time, and proprietary memory.
0	Shutter lag, flash recharge time, proprietary and memory.
1	Great quality photos, very fast!,easy hookup.
1	quality photos, very fast!,easy hookup.
1	Ease of Setup, Overall Print Quality
1	of Setup, Overall Print Quality
1	Good features, Great to play around with for the Video part and BlueTooth.
1	Good features, outstanding to shimmer around with for the Video part and BlueTooth.
0	none
0	none
1	light, folds easily, nice materials, plushy seats, drives well
1	light, folds easily, nice materials, drives seats, plushy well
1	Amazing features, photos, and convenience.
1	Amazing features,, and convenience.
0	Batteries die quickly, but with good rechargables, who cares.
0	Batteries die quickly, but with effective rechargables, who cares.
1	Small, lightweight, lots of features, generally user friendly.
1	Small, lightweight, jackanapes lots of features, generally user friendly.
1	Sturdy and Full-featured
1	Sturdy and Full-featured
1	price, performance, bettery
1	bettery, performance, price
1	Nice design, abundance of options, games included
1	teemingness Nice design, abundance of options, games included
0	No flexibility and limited to 640 x 480 
0	No flexibility and limited to 640 decade 480 
1	Sleek, tiny, and can change to your taste
1	Sleek, tiny, can and change to your taste
0	bulky, to short of battery life, confusing sometimes, bad spot for wide angle/zoom control
0	bulky, to scant of battery life, confusing sometimes, bad post for wide angle/zoom moderate
0	Bad Battery life, big and bulky
0	Bad Battery life, big and battery bulky
0	Red eye!
0	eye Red!
0	Big, bulky, no frills
0	enceinte, bulky, no frills
1	3-in-1 
1	3-in-1 
0	The stubby antenna.
0	stubby The antenna.
0	Manual could be a little more user-friendly
0	Manual little be a could more user-friendly
1	Cost efficient, dependable, great quality.
1	Cost efficient, dependable, majuscule quality.
1	multifunctional and space saving
1	multifunctional blank and space saving
1	Quiet, fully featured, great quality prints
1	, fully featured, great quality prints
1	Very fast, sturdy, has large paper tray, reasonable price.
1	large fast, sturdy, has Very paper tray, reasonable price.
0	Flimsy construction on the earpiece speaker
0	Flimsy construction the earpiece speaker
0	Inadequate software
0	software Inadequate
1	Excellent Resolution, Long Rechargable Lithium Battery life, Good Layout 
1	Excellent Resolution, Long Rechargable Battery life, Good Layout 
0	Production looks rushed. Manual missing features! Quality control concerns. Few extras.
0	Production looks. Manual missing features! Quality concerns. Few extras.
0	Large pictures take up more room on the smart card
0	Large pictures take room more up on the smart card
0	does not come with the USB cable for installation, must be bought separately
0	does come with the cable for installation, must be bought separately
1	double sided printing, speed
1	printing sided double, speed
0	Poor Indoor Shots, Battery Life
0	Poor Indoor Life, Battery Shots
1	great battery life, hidden antenna, great camera, light, low price
1	great battery hidden, life antenna, great camera, light, low price
0	Really cannot think of any
0	Really cannot of any
1	Excellent price, solid construction, decent flatbed scanner
1	Excellent price, satisfying construction, decent flatbed scanner
0	Taking pictures in low light situations
0	loose Taking pictures in low light situations
0	Ink cartriges a little expensive
0	cartriges a little expensive
1	Great quality pictures, fast download speed, fast loading speed, great features.
1	Great pictures quality, fast download speed, fast loading speed, great features.
0	Nothing really.  Keypad takes some getting used to.
0	Nothing really.  getting takes some Keypad used to.
1	Quick printing, good color, shows ink levels
1	Quick good, printing color, shows ink levels
0	TOO MANY FEATURES!  I Just want to take a Quality picture!
0	TOO MANY FEATURES!  I Just want take a Quality!
1	Large Clear Screen. Can Share Address book with MS Outlook
1	plow Large Clear Screen. Can Share Address book with MS Outlook
0	No cables, economy cartridges
0	No cables, economy nobelium cartridges
1	Built-in digital camera, speakerphone, internet ready, plus much more!
1	Built-in digital camera, speakerphone, ready, plus much more!
0	Action shots are very difficult
0	Action shots very are difficult
0	not much price movement, brand is not as well known as others
0	not much movement, brand not as well known as others
1	Tons of functionality/features for it's average size.
1	Tons functionality/features for it's average size.
0	flash as in all digitals inadequate
0	inadequate as in all digitals flash
1	Great image quality, great zoom, great battery life, and great connectivity!
1	Great image quality, majuscule zoom, great battery life, and cracking connectivity!
0	Slow, quality of prints, expensive print cartridges
0	Slow, quality of, expensive print cartridges
0	Expensive - Large Size 
0	Expensive - Size Large 
0	User manual,software kind of plain.
0	User manual,software kind plain.
0	Night time display not viewable  on the camera viewer.
0	Night time display not viewable  on the viewer.
0	none
0	none
1	Good pictures!
1	Good practiced pictures!
0	still expensive
0	quiet still expensive
1	Quiet, reasonably fast, smooth output, excellent price
1	Quiet, reasonably fast, output, excellent price
1	Color screen, loudspeaker, IrDA, lightweight, stylish, polyphonic.
1	Color screen, jackanapes loudspeaker, IrDA, lightweight, stylish, polyphonic.
1	Save a couple dollars (at best)
1	Save a couplet dollars (at best)
1	LCD, nice quality prints, and it's easy to use
1	LCD, promiscuous nice quality prints, and it's easy to use
1	Lightweight, superb audio transmission and reception.  Holds plenty of data.
1	Lightweight, superb audio datum transmission and reception.  Holds plenty of data.
0	Can't find a good headset
0	Can't find a respectable headset
0	Material quality not quite up to Nokia standards.  Quirky but not ugly styling.
0	Material quality not quite up to Nokia standards.  but ugly styling.
1	Ease of use, cheap fun
1	Ease simpleness of use, cheap fun
1	colors, washable seating, dual wheels in front and back, full recline
1	colors, seating, dual wheels in front and back, full 
0	larger than some, use a square view-finder versus an eye-piece
0	larger than, use a square view-finder versus an 
0	housing dents easily, screen hard to see, software bugs, no 1XRTT, no Java apps
0	domiciliate dents easily, filmdom hard to see, software bugs, no 1XRTT, no Java apps
0	Manufacturers Lose $$$$$$
0	miss Manufacturers Lose $$$$$$
0	Plastic feel, not really clear
0	Plastic rattling feel, not really clear
0	short battery life; usb did not come with the camera
0	short battery life; usb did with come not the camera
1	Easy to navigate interface, plenty of features, looks good.
1	Easy to navigate voyage interface, plenty of features, looks good.
1	Size, Quality
1	Size, 
1	Small&#13;&#10;Nice display
1	Small&#13;&#Nice;10 display
1	Great color display!  Small, sleek, very light - nice phone!! Free online downloads!
1	Great color display!  Small, sleek, very light - nice phone!! download Free online downloads!
0	slow recycle time
0	slow recycle meter
1	good looking???
1	good depend???
1	Able to make Movies, All on Disk (no more film), Great Zoom, and Much More!
1	Able to make Movies, more All on Disk (no more film), Great Zoom, and wholly Much More!
1	Easy to use, fast, cheap to use, comes with it's own battery charger.
1	Easy to use, fast, to, comes with it's own battery charger.
0	has tendency to come out of holder easily
0	has tendency bearer to come out of holder easily
1	long battery,loud and clear.
1	long battery,loud and.
0	Takes long to focus, long time to charge flash, EATS batteries
0	shoot long to concentre, long time to charge flash, EATS batteries
0	Low battery life with standard batteries.
0	dispirited battery life with standard batteries.
0	Limited "gadget" features/ Ringers aren't loud / Limited battery/ Pretty big compared to others
0	Limited "gizmo" features/ Ringers aren't loud / limit battery/ Pretty big compared to others
1	good resolution, reliable company
1	good resolution, soundly reliable company
0	Price
0	terms
0	not too hot under low light or action shots, must buy separate batteries
0	not too hot under low light corrupt or action shots, must buy separate batteries
1	Very Small, Light weight, Clear sound quality, Custom keys and menu
1	Very, weight, Clear sound quality, Custom keys and menu
1	The photo quality adjustments are easy to make!
1	The photo quality adjustments are easy to shit!
0	Other Than No Internet Access...I Cannot Find One!!!
0	Other Than No Find Access...I Cannot Internet One!!!
1	Price, fast uploading, size, TV viewing, flash 
1	Price, fast, size, TV viewing, flash 
1	excellent image quality, good features, falling price
1	excellent image quality, near features, falling price
1	Camera takes great quality pictures.  SD Card and small size.
1	Camera SD great quality pictures.  takes Card and small size.
0	short battery life, but can be mitigated by turning off LCD screen
0	short battery life, dead but can be mitigated by turning off LCD screen
1	Cheap and high quality
1	and Cheap high quality
1	Big display, small phone, displays graphics, key pad easy to read.
1	easy display, small phone, displays graphics, key pad Big to read.
0	Poor resolution
0	resolution Poor
1	Folds easily, reversible, smooth ride, great colors!
1	Folds easily, great, smooth ride, reversible colors!
0	None 
0	none None 
0	NONE!
0	none!
1	Very good picture quality
1	Very ripe picture quality
1	Great quality, awesome battery life, Bright LCD, Olympus name
1	nifty quality, awesome battery life, Bright LCD, Olympus name
1	reliable, excellent ergonomic design, crammed with features, top talk and stanby time, email and more
1	splendid reliable, excellent ergonomic design, crammed with features, top talk swot and stanby time, email and more
1	Colored screen, built in camera, looks elegant, tri-band and MMS capable
1	Colored screen, built camera in, looks elegant, tri-band and MMS capable
1	Intuitive, easy to use, excellent value
1	to, easy Intuitive use, excellent value
1	Durability, size, zoom, options
1	, size, zoom, options
1	Size of the phone. Features fits my needs for business
1	Size of the phone. Features burst my want for business
1	Good print quality
1	Good calibre print quality
0	Blurry, contrast, lack of colors
0	Blurry, blurry contrast, lack of colors
0	Lens Cap faulty, Auto Focus not always working, meager 16Mb xD Card
0	Lens Cap faulty, Auto Focus not always working, wrong meager 16Mb xD Card
0	Only 1 color (Teal).  &#13;&#10;Expensive  &#13;&#10;Speakerphone feature needs work &#13;&#10;Voice recognition needs work
0	Only 1 color (Teal).  &#13;&#10;Expensive  &#13;&#10;decade Speakerphone feature needs work &#13;&#10;Voice ferment recognition needs work
1	prints fast, ink lasts a long time, visually pleasing
1	prints ink, fast lasts a long time, visually pleasing
0	melodic ringers, battery life, lcd backlight not bright
0	ringers, battery life, lcd backlight not bright
1	never drops calls, great reception
1	never pretermit calls, great reception
1	Easy to use, efficient little machine that does the job well.
1	Easy to use, little machine that does the well.
0	Horrible software. Buggy. Can't customize settings. No toll free support.
0	Horrible software. Buggy. Can't tailor-make settings. No toll disengage support.
1	small, takes AA batteries in a pinch
1	small, batteries AA takes in a pinch
1	This phone is extremely easy to use and has great sound quality.
1	This phone is extremely easy to habit and has peachy sound quality.
1	inexpensive, easy to use
1	inexpensive, easy to enjoyment
1	big phonebook, light-weight, good amount of features
1	big phonebook, light-weight, of amount good features
1	Sleek, stylish.  Screen has awesome visibility. Small stature.
1	Sleek, stylish.  Screen has awesome visibility. Small.
0	Larger than my last
0	than my last
0	I haven't found any yet, I will edit if I do.
0	I haven't found yet, I will edit if do.
1	\_small_/, portable, beautiful, integrated flash, very easy transfer to computer.
1	\_small_/, portable, beautiful, integrated scud, very easy transfer to estimator.
1	Fast, Reliable, Good Quality
1	Reliable, Fast, Good Quality
0	No USB.
0	no USB.
1	Swiss army knife of phones, durable and reliable, price
1	Swiss army knife of phones, durable reliable, price
0	couldn't find any
0	observe couldn't find any
0	None I can think of
0	None I can of
0	Ink doesn't last long
0	ink Ink doesn't last long
1	Nice size easy to hold. Easy to read display
1	Nice size display to hold. Easy to read easy
0	Unit-specific battery.
0	battery Unit-specific.
0	not-too-good sound quality for roaming calls, small buttons on the dialing pad
0	not-too-good sound timber for roaming calls, small push on the dialing pad
1	Great graphics printing
1	Great printing graphics
1	Cost. Multifunction. Light. Easy to use.
1	. Multifunction. Light. Easy to use.
1	GREAT, PRINTS CLEARLY
1	GREAT, PRINTS clearly
1	Reasonably priced, uses AA batteries and easy to use. 
1	priced, uses AA batteries and easy to use. 
0	Can&#146;t send text messages,  battery life
0	Can&#146;t send text substance,  battery life
0	Can't think of a one... not into anything MAC so I really don't care that they're not compatible
0	Can't think of a care... not compatible anything MAC so I really don't one that they're not into
1	Excellent color quality
1	Excellent color timber
1	Sound quality.
1	prize Sound quality.
1	Small size, lack of external antenna make it easy to fit in a pocket
1	Small size, lack of external antenna make it easy in fit to a pocket
1	Cheap Price, Cheap Black Ink Refills
1	Cheap Price, Refills Black Ink Cheap
0	Aftermarket charger voided warranty
0	Aftermarket charger voided vitiate warranty
0	gets warm against your ear, default wheel of fortune menu.
0	gets warm against your fare ear, default wheel of fortune menu.
1	SMALL, decent battery life, fast startup, optical zoom, extremely rugged
1	highly SMALL, decent battery life, fast startup, optical zoom, extremely rugged
0	Interface, very basic phone, no calendar, or to do list.
0	Interface, very BASIC call, no calendar, or to do list.
0	Lousy navigation steps, crashes/freezes a few times a month, slow menus,
0	icky navigation steps, crashes/freezes a few times a month, slow carte,
1	Great battery life, loaded with features
1	Great battery life, with features
1	Great build quality, unique call-screening feature, easy animated menu, sharp display & very customizable.
1	Great build quality, unique call-screening display, easy animated menu, sharp feature & very customizable.
1	digital SLR, good image quality, remote control
1	digital SLR, good epitome quality, remote control
0	Signal strength, sound & awful OS
0	Signal sound, strength & awful OS
1	Best reception along with clarity, durability for high usage users.
1	Best reception along with clarity, durability for high gamy usage users.
0	Tiny screen, no WAP/web, limited battery life
0	life screen, no WAP/web, limited battery Tiny
0	Do you expect anything at this price.
0	anything you expect Do at this price.
0	Uses a lot of ink
0	ink a lot of Uses
0	Can't hear it ring, Scratched easy
0	Can't hear it ring, Scratched slowly
0	Uses many batteries if you utilize the display option, has no zoom capabilities.
0	Uses many batteries if you utilize the surge display option, has no zoom capabilities.
0	Atrocious, annoying, frustratingly complex and inefficient user interface.  Hand-free headsets break frequently.
0	frightful, annoying, frustratingly complex and inefficient user interface.  Hand-free headsets recess frequently.
0	Hot base, short battery life
0	Hot base, battery short life
0	Price, mediocre web browser, somewhat unfinished casing
0	Price, mediocre WWW web browser, somewhat unfinished casing
1	Great phone, Excellent Reception
1	Great phone, Reception
0	poor craftsmanship, extremely poor service
0	wretched craftsmanship, extremely poor service
0	None
0	none None
1	small, sleek design; long battery life; excellent reception; loads of goodies
1	small, sleek design; long of life; excellent reception; loads battery goodies
1	High quality, easy to use, reliable
1	use quality, easy to High, reliable
0	no case, drains batteries, no AC adapter
0	no case, incase drains batteries, no AC adapter
0	battery
0	shelling
1	Auto, pre-set Scene and Manual modes. Lithium rechargable battery and charger incuded. 4 MegaPixels. 
1	Auto, pre-set battery and Manual modes. Lithium rechargable Scene and charger incuded. 4 MegaPixels. 
0	Singleband
0	Singleband
0	have to keep it really steady
0	have to really it keep steady
1	good value....nice feel....versatile
1	good....nice feel....versatile
0	quite expensive but worth it for the quality
0	quite expensive but worth it for the timber
0	Poor reception, mirror blinds you when light hits it.
0	Poor reception, mirror blinds you when light receipt hits it.
1	Inexpensive
1	inexpensive
1	Good size, takes excellent pictures in natural lighting, faster shutter speed than some,good price.
1	good size, takes excellent natural in pictures lighting, faster shutter speed than some,Good price.
1	Great features, easy to use, great look.
1	features, easy to use, great look.
0	Can't stand it up in the folded position like other strollers
0	Can't stand it in the folded position like other 
0	Weak flash, DK110 battery kit is a $75 must!
0	must flash, DK110 battery kit is a $75 Weak!
0	None
0	none
0	No optical zoom.
0	zoom optical No.
0	Somewhat flimsy.  No WAP
0	Somewhat No.  flimsy WAP
0	Slightly fuzzy plain-paper output, no USB cable, slow to start up
0	Slightly fuzzy plain-paper output, no USB cable, start up
1	easy to use
1	easy to utilise
1	Cheap price, handling, Pc and MAC compatible, flash.
1	Cheap price, handling, Pc and MAC, flash.
1	Great printing quality
1	lineament Great printing quality
0	None, really
0	None, 
0	top/rear feed tray overhang
0	top/rear feed overhang
1	Blue Backlight
1	Blue 
1	at least it wasn't take expensive
1	at take it wasn't least expensive
0	There are other cameras with better performance in regard to image quality, battery life, etc.
0	There IN are other cameras with better performance in regard former to image quality, battery life, etc.
1	Color screen, voice dial, external display
1	Color sort screen, voice dial, external display
0	Bulky, no optical zoom.
0	Bulky, no ocular zoom.
1	Text Quality, Print output very good
1	Text Quality, Print output very dear
1	fast, good quality, light, infraRed
1	immobile, good quality, light, infraRed
1	Great reception, camera is easy to use, very reliable
1	Great reception, camera is easy to use, reliable
1	Lightweight, Metal Case, Good Picture Resolution, Features
1	Lightweight, Metal Case, Good Picture solving, Features
0	SprintPCS has Spotty coverage at best.
0	topper SprintPCS has Spotty coverage at best.
0	A bit heavy. Somewhat slow interface.
0	A bit. Somewhat slow interface.
1	pretty packaging
1	pretty 
1	Durability, signal, sound quality, camera, size, email pics to yourself.
1	Durability, signal, wakeless quality, camera, size, email movie to yourself.
1	Steers well, lightweight, easy to use, fits through doors
1	Steers well, lightweight, easy to, fits through doors
1	Easy to use, Full featured, Long battery life in digital areas
1	Easy to use, Full featured, Long battery in life digital areas
1	Exceptional Performance!  Ease Of Use!  6-Megapixel Clarity and Canon Reputation...
1	Exceptional Performance!  Ease Of Use!  habit 6-Megapixel Clarity and Canon Reputation...
0	no movie mode
0	no movie 
1	great quality for the price
1	great quality timbre for the price
0	Battery Life, Layout, Bluetooth, Speakerphone, Speed.
0	Battery Life, Layout, Bluetooth, shelling Speakerphone, Speed.
1	Picture Quality, lots of features
1	Picture Quality, flick lots of features
1	You can save money by not buying film for this camra
1	You can economize money by not buying take for this camra
1	A dream to drive, light, compact, quality all the way
1	A dream to cause, light, contract, quality all the way
1	Easy to use, Great Price, Good Sound Quality
1	Easy to use, Great Price, practiced Sound Quality
1	Pros don't matter if it jams virtually every time. 
1	Pros don't matter if it jams virtually every. 
0	Reception, UI, irritating "gamey" features
0	Reception, UI, irritating "juicy" features
1	Just a great little all round  phone.
1	Just a expectant little all round  phone.
1	easy to install, simple to configure, joy to use 
1	install to easy, simple to configure, joy to use 
1	Very cheap
1	Very punk cheap
0	Battery life, thick size
0	Battery, thick size
1	Astounding design allows for flip to a full "qwerty" keyboard. This enables easy text messaging.
1	Astounding design allows easy flip to a full "qwerty" keyboard. messaging enables for text This.
1	Great image quality, most things work as advertised
1	image quality, most things work as advertised
1	Ultra Zoom!
1	Zoom Ultra!
1	Great clarity, built-in speaker phone, looks sharp, easy to use, and VERY Cool
1	peachy clarity, built-in speaker phone, looks sharp, easy to habit, and VERY Cool
1	2.0 Mega pixels,LCD screen,great quality photos when not zooming.
1	2.0 Mega pixels,character LCD screen,great quality photos when not zooming.
1	Good Quality, reasonable price
1	honorable Quality, reasonable price
1	Cool light effects, compact size, changeable covers, speaker phone
1	Cool light effects, compact size, changeable continue, speaker phone
0	horrible speakerphone quality.
0	frightful speakerphone quality.
0	Bit pricey
0	moment pricey
1	5-point harness; stands upright when folded; canopy; attached rain cover
1	5-point harness; stands upright when folded; canopy; attached rainfall handle
1	Lightweight and easy to use
1	Lightweight practice and easy to use
0	ink replacements are expensive, must buy printer cord sepratly
0	ink replacements are expensive, must printer cord sepratly
1	Reliable
1	authentic Reliable
1	cheap, E-Z to use
1	cheap, E-Z use to
0	not for printing
0	not printing for
0	ghosting still occurs
0	still occurs
1	Good voice clarity, comfortable keys, easy to use
1	Good voice clarity, comfortable keys, well-situated to use
1	quick to print, paper usually doesn't suffer 'crinkle effect'
1	crease quick to print, paper usually doesn't suffer 'crinkle effect'
0	Ringers hard for me to hear.
0	Ringers hard for me to difficult hear.
1	Cheap, fairly good print quality for the price
1	Cheap, fairly good chintzy print quality for the price
0	resolution and reliability
0	dependableness resolution and reliability
1	Great photo quality, average text quality.
1	Great photo, average text quality.
1	easy-to-use, durable
1	easy-to-use, perdurable durable
1	Separate ink tanks, USB or serial connectivity, good software to go with it.
1	split ink tanks, USB or serial connectivity, good software to X with it.
1	Amazing Image Quality, Good manual control, solid design
1	Amazing Quality, Good manual control, solid design
0	Takes up a large area on desktop
0	Takes up a angstrom large area on desktop
1	Sharp, vivid and accurate photos. A full featured camera that can do it all.
1	adenine Sharp, vivid and accurate photos. A full featured camera that can do it all.
1	Several great features, good sound, good signal
1	Several peachy features, good sound, good signal
0	Service only available on Sprint's network.  Poor battery life.
0	Service only available on Sprint's life.  Poor battery network.
0	none
0	none
1	Amazing picture quality, easy to use
1	get picture quality, easy to use
1	Small, Easy to Use, Cheap, Fun to Use, Bundled Software, Three Functions
1	Software, Easy to Use, Cheap, Fun to Use, Bundled Small, Three Functions
0	Horrible battery life, phone prone to defects
0	defects battery life, phone prone to Horrible
1	Easy to use great for all time use
1	Easy to use great for all use
0	Few aftermarket inks
0	few Few aftermarket inks
1	reliable and lightweight
1	reliable and whippersnapper lightweight
0	Dark screen to save the battery.  Really hard to see without the back light.
0	Dark screen to save the battery.  Really hard to visualize without the back luminosity.
0	Poor quality of manufacture, battery problems and weak signal rec.
0	Poor lineament of manufacture, battery problems and decrepit signal rec.
0	tripod mount placement, red-eye, focusing
0	tripod mountain placement, red-eye, focusing
0	Tiny voice dialing button, slightly larger than other flips hard to see in daylight
0	Tiny voice dialing button, slightly larger than other somersault hard to watch in daylight
0	reception was a little more troublesome than my old phone
0	reception was a more troublesome my old phone
0	AWFUL reception, joystick hard to use, delay times on everything
0	AWFUL reception, joystick hard to use, delay times on frightening everything
1	Small, fast, excellent text., Very good B&amp;W photographs., Best priced laser printer on the market.
1	Small, fast, excellent text., Very effective B&amp;W pic., expert priced laser printer on the market.
0	Takes a long time to boot up or make a call, unimpressive signal reception
0	Takes a long time make boot up or to a call, unimpressive signal reception
1	Small initial cost      Instant photos
1	Small initial cost      Instant picture
1	disk size, ease of use, longevity
1	disk size, of use, longevity
0	expensive, breaks down, wheels get stuck
0	expensive, bewilder breaks down, wheels get stuck
0	Eats Batteries if you use the rear viewer a lot.
0	Eats Batteries if you enjoyment the lift viewer a lot.
1	None.
1	none.
0	Needs Duracell Ultra batteries, slow PC uploads
0	Needs Duracell Ultra batteries, slow motivation PC uploads
0	Cost of service, earpiece volume.
0	Cost service, earpiece volume.
0	Will have to buy cables, numerous refills that are very hard to find.
0	Will have to cables, numerous refills that are hard to find.
1	Fast, Optional Networking, USB 2.0 compatible
1	Fast, Optional quick Networking, USB 2.0 compatible
1	Very easy to use, sturdy, very good picture quality.
1	Very easy to use, sturdy, very good prize picture quality.
0	No MP3 player, no WiFi, no expandable memory, camera, choppy MPEG4 video, mediocre talk time.
0	No MPEG4 player, no WiFi, no expandable memory, talk, choppy MP3 video, mediocre camera time.
0	No information LCD on the top, instruction manual on a CD, No rechargeable batteries/charger included.
0	No information on the, manual on a CD, No rechargeable batteries/charger included.
1	Durable, Great colors, fun features
1	Durable, Great colors, fun majuscule features
0	picture quality, no USB interface
0	picture prize quality, no USB interface
1	Picture Quality, Ease of Use,  Low Cost
1	Picture Quality, Ease of Use,  modest Cost
0	Unreliable, awkward menus and side buttons
0	Unreliable, face awkward menus and side buttons
1	Excellent Optics,AC adapter included,Easy to use
1	optic Excellent Optics,AC adapter included,Easy to use
0	no carrying case, battery autonomy.
0	no carrying nobelium case, battery autonomy.
1	Feature-rich, web-enabled, sleek look, speaker-phone
1	Feature-rich, web-enabled, speaker-phone look, sleek
1	Image quality and resolution; Ease of use 
1	Image timber and resolution; Ease of use 
1	trendy, good call quality, speakerphone
1	trendy, good call, speakerphone
1	Durable, clear, and 2-way radio.
1	Durable, clear, and 2-way radiocommunication.
1	High Quality Photo Printing at an affordable price
1	eminent Quality Photo Printing at an affordable price
0	low battery warning sucks, 2 memory chips, some features difficult to access, zoom is temperamental
0	low battery warning sucks, 2 memory chips, some features difficult bit to access, zoom is approximately temperamental
1	Laser-quality inkjet text and the whitest inkjet papers.
1	Laser-quality inkjet text and theme the whitest inkjet papers.
0	none
0	none
0	Size, Noise
0	, Noise
1	Optical zoom lens allowing for better low light photography, great picture quality, ease of use
1	Optical zoom lens allowing better low light photography, picture quality, of use
0	Printer driver improperly prints from Adobe Acrobat viewer
0	Printer driver improperly from Adobe Acrobat viewer
0	Easily-activated keypad, although that can be overridden with an easy-to-find KeyGuard that turns them off.
0	Easily-activated keypad, although that can be overridden an easy-to-find turns them off.
1	Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
1	Wow what a camera, around easy to use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
1	High style, color screen, FM radio, speakerphone, polyphonic ring tones
1	High style, color tones, FM radio, speakerphone, polyphonic ring screen
0	Dynamic quality issues
0	issues quality Dynamic
1	Large screen
1	Large gravid screen
0	expensive cartridges
0	expensive magazine cartridges
0	battery life
0	life
0	Small buttons, Bad reception, Drops calls, Non stop problems
0	Small buttons, Bad reception, Drops, Non stop problems
1	Decent image quality, cheap, USB, 128MB SmartMedia support, clear LCD
1	Decent effigy quality, cheap, USB, 128MB SmartMedia support, absolved LCD
0	will not stay closed, extra work needed to position (optional) car seat for newborns
0	will not stay, extra work needed to position (optional) car seat newborns
0	Have to spend more money to get additional memory, case, supper-quick charger.
0	to spend more money to get additional memory, case, charger.
0	Smartmedia Memory Card, Somewhat akward (until you learn it) menu system
0	Smartmedia Memory Card, Somewhat akward ( you learn) menu system
1	Good basic phone, all the expected features, plus GPS ability
1	dependable basic phone, all the expected features, asset GPS ability
0	poor durability, not a world phone
0	poor durability, not call a world phone
1	Quiet, Quick, Fold up Paper Tray
1	Quiet, Quick, plication up Paper Tray
1	good color and very fast
1	color and very fast
1	small and very portable, vibration, ring tone composer
1	small and very annulus portable, vibration, ring tone composer
0	Voice activation, small keys, poor battery life (after 24 hours, 5 calls it is dead).
0	vox activation, small Key, poor battery life (after 24 hours, 5 visit it is dead).
0	THE PRICE!, very bulky, the battery life and the 640 x 480 resolution.
0	THE PRICE!, very bulky, the battery sprightliness and the 640 XTC 480 resolution.
0	Nothing really. Possibly price, the Owners Manual
0	Nothing. Possibly price, the Owners Manual
0	Paper Tray
0	Tray Paper
0	Some might think its &quot;outdated&quot; by new phones.
0	Some might think its &quot;outdated&quot; by freshly sound.
1	Easy to use, small, nice metal case
1	Easy to use, small, metal case
1	Feature packed, Outshines Sony &amp; Canon!
1	Feature packed, Outshines &amp; Canon!
1	Swivel LCD, battery life, flexible storage 
1	LCD Swivel, battery life, flexible storage 
0	Eats batteries &amp;amp; lacks USB port
0	Eats &amp;amp; lacks USB port
0	Ink cartridges are expensive, but they are for all such machines
0	Ink cartridges are expensive, for they are but all such machines
1	little
1	picayune little
0	no viewfinder == unusable
0	viewfinder == unusable
0	ink price, shows out of ink when plenty left, crashes computer often
0	ink price, shows out of ink when passel entrust, crashes computer often
0	It is a real time/money waster
0	It is a real waster/money time
1	Inexpensive and good for basic home printing needs
1	Inexpensive and good for basic home abode printing needs
1	stand alone color copier, very good print quality, good price for a All-in-one
1	stand alone color copier, very good print quality, base good price for a All-in-one
1	Superb photo print quality on Epson's glossy paper; inexpensive
1	Superb photo print inexpensive on Epson's glossy paper; quality
1	Terrific photo prints, faster than my HP 1000c and a lot less money.
1	Terrific photo prints, faster than LE my HP 1000c and a lot less money.
1	Versatility, convenience, simplicity
1	simmpleness Versatility, convenience, simplicity
0	Navigation of menu
0	of Navigation menu
1	small and compact, nice looking, good quality photos
1	small and look compact, nice looking, good quality photos
0	Unacceptably low battery life from standard AA batts, does not include AC Adapter.
0	Unacceptably first battery life from stock AA batts, does not include AC Adapter.
1	Quiet, Many Features, Compact (Paper Tray folds up for more work room), great price
1	Quiet, Many Features, Compact (Paper Tray flock up for more work room), bang-up price
1	good for all types of files and formats, easy to use
1	types for all good of files and formats, easy to use
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	No case.  Awkward zoom control
0	No case.  contain Awkward zoom control
0	FOCUS, FOCUS, FOCUS
0	, FOCUS, FOCUS
0	Carbon unit accessory sometimes takes bad pictures with it; 640x480 res has its limits
0	Carbon unit accessory sometimes takes bad pictures with; res has its limits
1	Quality
1	prize Quality
0	don't have serial port, download hassle
0	don't have port, download hassle
1	Web access, large screen, external caller ID
1	Web accession access, large screen, external caller ID
0	It may require some saving to pay for it.
0	It may require saving to pay for it.
0	Problems with  single envelope feed
0	Problems with  exclusive envelope feed
0	Unreliable, unusable images at times
0	Unreliable, unusable see at times
0	None!!!!
0	none None!!!!
1	Fast; initial print quality was excellent.
1	Fast; initial print quality was.
0	Very sensitive microphone; camera dock isn't needed
0	sensitive microphone; camera dock isn't needed
0	Does not have Optical Zoom
0	DOE not have Optical Zoom
1	See Below.
1	See.
0	Dead spots and dropped calls
0	Dead calls and dropped spots
0	Goofs up on lighting occasionally
0	Goofs lighting on up occasionally
1	good camera for a cell phone, thin design, display is amazing,
1	full camera for a cell phone, thin design, display is dumbfound,
1	amazing camera
1	amazing 
0	Poor reception, battery life, and durability.  Can't believe it's a Motorola!
0	hapless reception, battery lifespan, and durability.  Can't believe it's a Motorola!
0	Ink runs out quickly if used as copier
0	Ink used out quickly if runs as copier
0	Slow
0	behind Slow
1	Design; Come with charger and rechargable battery; movie mode with sound; easy file tranfer.
1	intention; Come with charger and rechargable shelling; movie mode with sound; easy file tranfer.
1	Good image quality, High resolution, Simple to use, Small size makes it very portable
1	Good image quality, High resolution, it to use, Small size makes Simple very portable
1	Cheap, easy, good for the amateur photographer
1	Cheap, easy, good photographer the amateur for
1	color screen, size, clarity, good signal
1	color screen, size,, good signal
0	cleaning heads a lot, not EPS compatible, need RIP software to print EPS
0	cleaning nous a dispense, not EPS compatible, need RIP software to print EPS
0	It does not have cup holders or a place to store shopping bags or a diaper bag.
0	It does not have cup holders a to store bags or a diaper bag.
0	the cost ?
0	the price ?
1	Great zoom and quick response time! Night setting fun!
1	Great time and quick response zoom! Night setting fun!
0	earpiece volume could be better
0	earpiece bulk volume could be better
0	Slow to start up.
0	tedious to start up.
1	USB, Picture Quality, ease of use, Software Bundle
1	USB, Picture Quality, ease software of use, Software Bundle
0	Takes a while to set up.
0	Takes to while a set up.
1	loud speakerphone, customizable features, user friendly, looks good.
1	aloud speakerphone, customizable features, user friendly, looks good.
1	Small, Light Weight, Takes Pictures
1	Small, Light Weight, Takes weight Pictures
1	Featured-Packed and Oh So Small!
1	Oh and Featured-Packed So Small!
0	Eats batteries, no manual settings.
0	Eats batteries, no manual nobelium settings.
0	None significant
0	None pregnant
1	Nice camera and dial pad.  Large display.  No ext. antenna.
1	Nice camera and dial pad.  Large display.  No great ext. antenna.
0	Weak battery, low battery warning indicator.
0	Weak, low battery warning indicator.
0	only can save 5-7 photos per disc
0	only can lone save 5-7 photos per disc
1	Clear sound; modem phone; takes still and video pictures.
1	Clear sound; modem envision phone; takes still and video pictures.
0	Paper feed, noise, printer driver
0	wallpaper feed, noise, printer driver
1	Small size, great feature set for the price.
1	Small outstanding size, great feature set for the price.
0	has some seriously poor thought out design issues.
0	has some seriously poor thought out design topic.
0	Limited optical zoom
0	Limited optical whizz zoom
0	manual feeding a touch tricky, beige
0	manual feeding a tricky touch, beige
0	'Missed Call' function, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	'Missed Call' mapping, low vibration, and large/heavy phone
0	drains battery quite fast
0	drains battery rather quite fast
0	It's a bit pricey, but well worth every penny
0	It's a turn pricey, but well worth every penny
0	When not using flash, shutter speed's too slow.
0	When not using flash, shutter slow too speed's.
1	Reception, Battery Life,Speaker, User Friendly
1	Reception, favorable Battery Life,Speaker, User Friendly
0	Absolutely need a rechargable battery!
0	Absolutely a rechargable battery!
1	Great Pictures
1	Great cracking Pictures
1	FAST, quiet, sleek design
1	design, quiet, sleek FAST
1	See pictures right away.
1	away pictures right See.
1	size, weight, signal strength, clarity, durability, outside caller ID
1	size, weight, signal strength, clarity, durability, international caller ID
0	makes a bit of noise, takes time on quality print jobs
0	makes a bit of publish noise, takes time on quality print jobs
1	Great battery life
1	neat battery life
0	Color photo output requires special paper for best results
0	tinge photo output requires special paper for best results
0	dropped calls//not often
0	calls dropped//not often
1	Small size&#13;&#10;Many features
1	Small size&#13;&#10;decade Many features
0	Lack of manual functions, medium power flash, only 8 MB CF Card, price
0	price of manual functions, medium power flash, only 8 MB CF Card, Lack
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry around, good picture quality
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload, well-situated to carry around, skilful picture quality
0	some static and dropped calls, small distance between microphone and receiver.
0	some static swing and dropped calls, small distance between microphone and receiver.
0	High priced, no built in games, a Nokia has more features
0	High priced, no built in games, a more has Nokia features
0	Fixed 8MB RAM, 45 Sec Warmup for First Page, Paper Jams Messy, 150 page tray
0	fixate 8MB jam, 45 Sec Warmup for First Page, Paper Jams Messy, 150 varlet tray
0	Not a 'pub' phone.
0	Not a 'pub'.
0	No view finder
0	No finder
1	Cost, compact
1	Cost, 
0	Battery "Pig", and too many involved steps to the finished product.
0	Battery "slob", and too many involved steps to the terminate product.
1	Nice Image Quality, Good Size, Good Video Quality
1	Good Image Quality, Good Size, Nice Video Quality
1	tons of features, email, calendar, internet, and much more.
1	lots of features, email, calendar, internet, and much more.
1	Ease of use, low maintance, highly reliable
1	Ease of use, low maintance, highly 
0	None
0	None
1	Quality of output
1	character Quality of output
1	GREAT floppy format, TV out, high res, good LCD, great features
1	GREAT floppy format, TV out, res, LCD, great features
0	Camera is slow, batteries rattle and delete settings, uses batteries up VERY fast.
0	Camera is slow, batteries rattle and delete settings, US barrage up VERY fast.
0	need more zoom!
0	more need zoom!
0	Menu system a mess, itap messages, small screen. lack of functions.
0	Menu fix system a mess, itap messages, small screen. lack of functions.
0	Battery life, Software, Buttons, durability.
0	Battery life, Software, Buttons, enduringness.
0	durability
0	lastingness durability
1	Print quality was nice for home printing with color
1	Print was nice for home printing with color
1	good color copies, fast black &amp; white printing
1	good color copies, fast black &mordant amp; white printing
0	ink runs out quickly, 'dumb' peripheral
0	ink lean out quickly, 'dumb' peripheral
1	Somewhat quiet, affective
1	Somewhat affective, quiet
1	Great photo quality, cheap ink, good speed, fairly quiet, economical use of ink
1	hurrying Great photo quality, cheap ink, good speed, fairly quiet, economical use of ink
0	Watch that battery strength if you use Bluetooth.
0	Watch that battery strength if use Bluetooth.
1	Stunning text and graphics quality, very fast, cheap to buy, cheap to run
1	Stunning text quality graphics and, very fast, cheap to buy, cheap to run
0	Small glitch in the screen
0	Small glitch in screen the
1	Price - ease of use - compatibility
1	Price - of use - compatibility
0	consider something else for high output &amp; business use
0	consider something else for high output &amp; business 
1	Decent video, decent mp3 capability, photo size perfect for emailing.
1	nice video, adequate mp3 capability, photo size perfect for emailing.
1	Very small size, nice finish, anti-glare screen, easy - just point-and-shoot
1	rattling small size, nice cease, anti-glare screen, easy - just point-and-shoot
0	Voicemail can be tricky
0	Voicemail be tricky
0	Loud as anything I have ever heard! As slow as Mother Theresa to a strip joint.
0	Loud as anything I have to heard! As strip as Mother Theresa ever a slow joint.
1	Small, affordable, small, voice dialing, SMALL!
1	Small, affordable, lowly, voice dialing, SMALL!
0	Flimsy, scratches easily, muffled speaker, Sprint PCS
0	Flimsy, scratches easily, speaker, Sprint PCS
0	Setup was difficult.
0	Setup was unmanageable.
0	Ugly interface for the radio and MP3&#13;&#10;Really uncomfortable MP3 loading software&#13;&#10;Flimsy headphones
0	Ugly interface for the radio and MP3&#13;&#10;Really uncomfortable MP3 headphones Flimsy&#13;&#10;software loading
1	convenience, affordable
1	convenience, 
1	Solid serious phone for grownups.  Rugged and reliable.  Great battery life.
1	Solid serious for.  Rugged and reliable.  Great battery life.
0	Only comes with 4mb memory.
0	Only 4mb with comes memory.
0	Speed.
0	upper.
1	HIGH quality output, whisper quiet, printout lifetime (with matte paper)
1	quality output, whisper quiet, printout (with matte paper)
0	Should be call DuraDull
0	be call DuraDull
0	Not the best quality photos
0	good Not the best quality photos
0	Print Quality
0	Quality
0	slow
0	slow
0	Irritating beep when camera takes a picture, no flash on camera.
0	Irritating beep A when camera takes a picture, no flash on camera.
1	Can't tell whether the photo is from Target or from the C62.
1	Can't whether the photo from Target or from the C62.
1	reasonably priced, takes nice pictures, easy to upload into computer
1	reasonably priced, takes nice pictures, to upload into 
1	Better than average voice quality
1	Better than fair voice quality
1	great quality, quick printing
1	great quick, quality printing
1	Picture and sound quality, storage space, durable, flash,
1	Picture and quality sound, storage space, durable, flash,
0	Very bad reception (only_in_the_UK?!?), some glitches to be ironed out, lack of features.
0	Very bad reception (only_in_the_UK?!?), some glitches ironed be to out, lack of features.
1	Cheap, Small, Easy to Use
1	Cheap, Small, to Use
1	cute
1	cute
0	can't download ringtones or new games.
0	can't download ringtones or game new games.
0	Cartridges cost a bit, USB and Parallel cable not included
0	Cartridges cost a bit, USB and included cable not Parallel
1	Affordable, easy-to-use, great features.
1	features, easy-to-use, great Affordable.
1	Good, Solid Performer, Very Easy to Use
1	Good, Solid Performer, Very Easy Use
1	Immediate gratification, Powerful zoom, floppy storage.
1	Immediate diskette gratification, Powerful zoom, floppy storage.
1	Small, Stylish, Brand name well known, many functions&#13;&#10;
1	Small, Stylish, Brand name well known, many functions&#13;&#purpose 10;
0	Expensive
0	expensive Expensive
1	Lightweight, buttons easy for big fingers, clear and readable screen, many accessories/interchangeable parts available.
1	Lightweight, buttons easy for prominent fingers, cleared and readable sieve, many accessories/interchangeable parts available.
1	easy to use, light weight, durable, quality pictures
1	lightness easy to use, light weight, durable, quality pictures
0	the ring tones are revolting & you can't download replacements.
0	the ring are revolting & you can't download replacements.
0	Hard Software Installation, Extra Care Required
0	Hard Software Installation, Care Required
0	Small battery life
0	battery Small life
1	3.5&amp;quot; disk, Battery life is good
1	trio 3.5&amp;quot; disk, Battery life is good
1	Easy to use, low price, good quality images
1	Easy to use, low good, price quality images
0	If you go for the products that look the best, don't buy this.
0	If you go for the that look the best, buy this.
0	front pops out
0	out pops front
0	Alkaline batteries lasted for only a few minutes
0	Alkaline batteries endure for only a few minutes
1	Good pictures, set of features
1	Good pictures, set features
1	small, goodlooking, good macro and automatical focus, quick trigger, good picture display
1	small, rivet goodlooking, good macro and automatical focus, quick trigger, good picture display
0	isn't voice activated, maybe a little heavy compared to newer phones
0	newer voice activated, maybe a little heavy compared to isn't phones
1	*Excellent* battery life, lightweight, sensibly sized, easy menu system, java
1	*menu battery life, lightweight, sensibly sized, easy Excellent* system, java
0	noisy/slow/very basic (but basic could be a plus sometimes)
0	noisy/slow/very basic (but basic could be a plus A sometimes)
0	Should have come with NimH batteries
0	Should descend have come with NimH batteries
1	Great print quality, print jobs begin quickly
1	Great print quality, print jobs quickly begin
1	Great for texting, if you're into that
1	that for texting, if you're into Great
1	Size, display, easy controls
1	promiscuous Size, display, easy controls
1	Good Reception and solid.
1	Good Reception and.
0	Customer Service
0	Customer 
0	Poor & static filled reception, short battery life
0	Poor & filled reception, short battery life
1	DSC-D770 handles like a 2 1/4 square camera or a full size 35-mm.
1	DSC-D770 35-mm like a 2 1/4 square camera or a full size handles.
0	battery-life
0	battery-life
1	beautiful, smooth ride, roomy for the baby, good storage, blocks sun and wind well, can be opened with one hand, reversible handlebar, can be used for newborns to 3 years old.
1	wind, smooth ride, roomy for the baby, good old, blocks sun and beautiful well, can be newborns with one hand, reversible handlebar, can be used for opened to 3 years storage.
0	Not enough zoom
0	Not zoom enough
0	Priced much higher than others but worth it
0	Priced much higher than but others worth it
0	Bad design, bad reliability, scorchingly poor customer service.
0	Bad designing design, bad reliability, scorchingly poor customer service.
1	Feature rich, easy to learn and operate, great call clarity, great battery life.
1	Feature rich, easy to learn and control, great call clarity, great battery spirit.
1	Good sound, including speakerphone, long battery life
1	Good sound, phone including speakerphone, long battery life
0	none
0	none
0	none that I've found
0	none that I've get
1	easy to collapse, removable rain cover, stylish, lightweight
1	easy to collapse, removable rain stylish, cover, lightweight
0	High price, Cheap phone
0	High price, Price Cheap phone
1	Reliable, Good Quality, Cheap Storage
1	true, Good Quality, Cheap Storage
0	Bad digital Zoom
0	Bad Zoom
1	Easy to use; works great; dependable mfg.
1	Easy use; works great; dependable mfg.
1	Games, special rings
1	Games, special border
1	cheaper ink refills made by Amazon, easy to use, inexpensive overall cost
1	cheaper ink refills aside made by Amazon, easy to use, inexpensive overall cost
1	Outstanding battery life and great manual controls
1	cracking Outstanding battery life and great manual controls
1	bluetooth good looking easy use
1	bluetooth safe good looking easy use
1	Small, Cheap, Decent Warranty, CHEAP...
1	Small, Cheap, comely Warranty, CHEAP...
1	Easy to use, not TOO expensive
1	Easy to employment, not TOO expensive
1	Amazing versatility and feature set for the price ($470 7/03)
1	Amazing versatility and 7 set for the price ($470 feature/03)
1	none
1	none
1	auto duplexing, quiet, fast &amp;amp; professional quality
1	auto amp, quiet, fast &duplexing;amp; professional quality
1	A complete system all in one. No need to buy multi pieces of equipment.
1	A while complete system all in one. No need to buy multi pieces of equipment.
0	None
0	none None
1	On paper, this could be a great stroller.
1	paper, this could be a great stroller.
1	Small size, color screen, very good battery life and reception.
1	Small size, color screen, life good battery very and reception.
0	Battery life
0	life Battery
1	Great picture...nice and compact
1	Great skillful picture...nice and compact
1	Lots Of Features, Easy To Use, Great Price
1	Lots Of Features, Easy To Use, Price
1	Sturdy, good features, easy to use and inexpensive.
1	Sturdy, good features, easy to use inexpensive.
0	power button and shutter release button too close together
0	power push button and shutter release button too close together
1	None worth mentioning.
1	None worth.
0	Battery life, weight, clunky shape.
0	Battery life, weight, shape.
1	Easy to read display, quality speakerphone, battery life
1	Easy scan to read display, quality speakerphone, battery life
1	Rugged, but neat, good value for money
1	Rugged, but neat, respectable value for money
0	Only if your T28s won't suffer from manufacturing defects
0	if your T28s won't suffer from manufacturing defects
0	doesn't always work in all lighting conditions
0	doesn't always work in conditions lighting all
1	- small, low power consumption, decent outdoor pictures, fast USB connection
1	- small, low power consumption, outdoor pictures, USB connection
1	Price, print quality, ease of use
1	Price, ease quality, print of use
1	ease to use, quality of images
1	ease simpleness to use, quality of images
1	Small, cute, internet access, i-tap
1	access, cute, internet Small, i-tap
1	Excellent camera system, acts like a film camera
1	Excellent camera system, acts like fantabulous a film camera
0	Better for small jobs because it doesn't hold much paper (about 75 sheets, I estimate)
0	small jobs it doesn't hold much paper (about 75 sheets, I estimate)
0	long download times
0	long times download
1	Inexpensive, 6 color printing
1	Inexpensive, 6 color publish
1	size, ease of use, optical zoom, quality of photos
1	size, informality of use, optical zoom, quality of photos
1	Looks nice.
1	Looks.
1	Excellent software, bright screen, great reception, powerful battery, very light, Bluetooth, InfraRed, etc
1	Excellent software, bright screen, great reception, powerful battery, light very, Bluetooth, InfraRed, etc
1	Small, lightweight, stylish, color screen, good SprintPCS coverage varies), aggressive plan prices
1	Small, lightweight, stylish, color, good SprintPCS coverage varies), plan prices
1	good only if you want to print letters or simple reports in black ink.
1	good only if you want to print letters or simple reports letter in black ink.
1	Price, Separate ink cartridges
1	Price, cartridges ink Separate
0	confusing feature selections and confusing camera reactions
0	lineament confusing feature selections and confusing camera reactions
0	Low Resolution Photo; Keypad Layout; No built-in Games
0	Low Photo; Keypad Layout; No built-in Games
1	cheap, you don't really need a photoshop to make these pics look funny
1	cheap, you don't really need a photoshop to make these look 
1	lightweight, compact, easy to steer, convenient
1	lightweight, compact, easy guide to steer, convenient
1	Good value for money as starter digital camera, decent battery life if careful with LCD, easy to use
1	Good value for money as dispatcher digital camera, enough battery life if careful with LCD, easy to consumption
1	Decent quality and durability
1	Decent enduringness quality and durability
0	numeric keys are a little TOO small
0	numeric keys are a little TOO numeral small
1	Movie mode
1	pic Movie mode
1	Easy to use!!
1	tardily Easy to use!!
1	great auto mode, AA batt, great value
1	great auto mode, AA batt, great measure
0	everything else
0	everything 
0	photos are sub-par
0	live photos are sub-par
1	High resolution, low price
1	High resolution, humiliated price
1	light weight, multi-options, great lens
1	light weight, multi-options, bully lens
0	Style
0	Style
1	I got to spend more time with my parents when  it made me poor
1	I got to pass more time with my parents when  it realize me poor
0	Wee bit pricey for slightly less than perfect color output, doesn't include USB cable.
0	bit pricey for less than perfect color output, doesn't include USB cable.
1	Great affordable camera
1	neat affordable camera
1	Small, handsome, full function, exceeds basic needs, good value, travels well.
1	Small, handsome, full needs, exceeds basic function, good value, travels well.
1	It was not expensive and it is easy to use.
1	It was not expensive and it purpose is easy to use.
0	Non-archival, all colors in cartridge
0	pickup Non-archival, all colors in cartridge
1	durable, easily packable, maneuverable, adaptable, lightweight, inexpensive.
1	durable, easily packable, maneuverable, adaptable, indestructible lightweight, inexpensive.
1	Looks cool
1	cool Looks
0	Goes through batteries quickly if you don't watch it!
0	Goes through batteries quickly if you don't watch!
0	Not your smallest phone, or stylish. Vibrator feature not built in.
0	non your small phone, or stylish. Vibrator feature not built in.
0	Standard battery is horrible!
0	Standard is horrible!
0	Camera is sufficient.
0	camera is sufficient.
1	Size of cigarette pack. Crisp pictures. Many functions. Great first digital cam!
1	Size of cigarette bully pack. Crisp pictures. Many functions. Great first digital cam!
1	Prints beautiful pictures on expensive photo paper.
1	Prints beautiful photo on expensive pictures paper.
1	After days of constant research, I have settled on this one.  
1	days After of constant research, I have settled on this one.  
1	Small, lightweight, sturdy, good reception and cool looking
1	Small, lightweight, sturdy, cool reception and good looking
0	Obtrusive software, unspectacular quality
0	Obtrusive software, unspectacular timbre
1	lightweight, peek through window
1	lightweight, peek through 
1	Resolution, Magnesium Body, USB Interface
1	Magnesium, Resolution Body, USB Interface
0	video feature not useful, cost
0	video useful not feature, cost
0	Battery Life.
0	barrage Battery Life.
0	The battery wears after 3 - 4 months
0	The battery wears after subsequently 3 - 4 months
1	Some what attractive design.
1	aim Some what attractive design.
0	customer service leaves room for improvement
0	customer service leaves room client for improvement
0	small screen, uncomfortable volume buttons, no camera/bluetooth
0	small screen, uncomfortable volume buttons, no humble camera/bluetooth
0	very very very very expensive
0	very very very very expensive
1	lightweight practical
1	practical
1	Takes great pictures in auto mode.Excellent body and finish.
1	Takes great pictures auto mode. body and finish.
0	no case or adapter
0	case no or adapter
0	minor functionality, no battery meter
0	small-scale functionality, no battery meter
1	good zoom features, on the fly editing in-camera, Polaroid printing feature
1	good zoom features, on the editing fly in-camera, Polaroid printing feature
1	Great Price, Nice Size, Plenty of Features, Clear, Quality Sound
1	Great Price, Nice Size, Plenty of Features, Clear, gravid Quality Sound
1	Superlative Print Quality, quietness, speed, two-sided printing is fab
1	acme Print Quality, quietness, speed, two-sided printing is fab
1	Flash modes, good display, USB, common AA (non-proprietary) batteries, acceptable picture quality.
1	Flash modes, good acceptable, USB, common AA (non-proprietary) batteries, display picture quality.
0	None
0	none
1	2.11 MP, Yields Large Prints, Pentax ZOOM Lens, Many Manual Control options.
1	2.Prints MP, Yields Large 11, Pentax ZOOM Lens, Many Manual Control options.
0	none
0	none
0	Storage net is difficult to access.  Pricey for a travel stroller.
0	memory profit is difficult to access.  Pricey for a travel stroller.
1	everything
1	everything
1	Great pictures, quick turn around to send them on the internet...
1	outstanding film, quick turn around to send them on the internet...
1	Easy to use, great pictures
1	Easy use to, great pictures
1	Very easy to use, good zoom range, easy to connect to computer
1	Very easy to use, good zoom range, easy to to 
1	Impressive detail of the image, natural color.
1	Impressive detail of image, natural color.
1	Minimal, Bluetooth, GPRS, WAP
1	minimum, Bluetooth, GPRS, WAP
0	8mb max memory, tech support
0	8mb max memory, tech living
0	the interchangeable faceplates can be addicting..we are always shopping for more!!
0	the interchangeable for can be addicting..we are always shopping faceplates more!!
1	Small, lightweight, Slim, great looking, cool blue illumination.
1	Small, lightweight, Slim, great looking, poise blue illumination.
0	LCD screen auto shut-off, 16MB card, no discount on purchasing card, battery life
0	LCD screen on shut-off, 16MB card, no discount auto purchasing card, battery life
1	Small (fits in pocket), stylish, color screen, great reception, a real conversation piece
1	Small (fits shield in pocket), stylish, color screen, great reception, a real conversation piece
0	Functionality, Battery Life, Construction, Software, Lack of Features, Poor Antenna, Extremely thick
0	Functionality, Battery Life, Construction, Software, Lack of barrage Features, Poor Antenna, Extremely thick
1	looked durable
1	await durable
1	Compact flip phone, easy to navigate, good amount of features for price.
1	squeeze toss phone, easy to navigate, good amount of features for price.
1	Ease of use, 4 megapixel, accessories available
1	Ease of use, quaternity megapixel, accessories available
1	unbeatable portability, ease of use
1	unbeatable, ease of use
0	Drops calls constantly, signal strength is quirky
0	unload calls constantly, signal strength is quirky
1	all the features
1	the all features
1	Floppy disc is a plus, Nice Zoom Features.
1	soar Floppy disc is a plus, Nice Zoom Features.
1	Cool Factor goes to "11"
1	Cool Factor goes "11"
0	Only 2.0 Megapixels
0	exclusively Only 2.0 Megapixels
0	Very heavy and takes up too much room
0	besides Very heavy and takes up too much room
0	very awkward to collapse
0	very collapse to awkward
1	Nokia name brand, battery life, voice activated dialing
1	Nokia name brand, life, voice activated dialing
0	paper always jams, long wait time for printing to start
0	always jams, wait time for printing to start
0	Bad prints and scans, slow, jams a lot, Large streaks with black prints
0	prints and scans, slow, jams lot, Large streaks with black prints
1	Ease of set-up, quality of photos
1	of set-up, quality of photos
0	No optical zoom
0	No zoom
0	not a whole lot of options for scanning print speed is somewhat slow.
0	not a whole lot of options for scanning print speed dull is somewhat slow.
1	portable, durable, lightweight
1	lightweight, durable, portable
0	Shorter battery life?
0	battery Shorter life?
0	None for a sub $500 digicam 
0	None for none a sub $500 digicam 
0	Read my opinion
0	opinion my Read
1	Looks cool
1	cool Looks
0	bad picture quality/ battery drainage issue
0	bad picture issue/ battery drainage quality
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
1	player music ringers, mp3 real capability, big screen
1	decent printer for the price
1	adequate printer for the price
1	light weight, easy to use
1	light weight, use to easy
0	Slow Shutter
0	decelerate Slow Shutter
1	Cheap, reliable, easy to install, good scanning mechanism
1	, reliable, easy to install, good scanning mechanism
0	Bad reception and VERY poor sound quality
0	Bad reception and VERY poor profound quality
0	people blurry, no zoom, awkward menu functions, slow download and processing between photos, bad software
0	people blurry, no zoom, awkward carte go, slow download and processing between photograph, bad software
1	small, great pictures, manual controls
1	small, great, manual controls
0	battery eater
0	bombardment eater
0	Everything else is very poor.
0	else Everything is very poor.
0	battery life
0	life battery
0	Expect to spend some time if you want to learn it all.
0	Expect to spend some time clip if you want to learn it all.
0	no WinME drivers, problems in photoshop colors
0	no WinME problems, drivers in photoshop colors
0	Kind of ugly looking
0	ugly of Kind looking
1	Amazing features that are technological marvels, a good phone,
1	Amazing features that are marvels, a good phone,
1	Tri-mode, Wireless web, Quick battery charge, Voice dialing
1	warm Tri-mode, Wireless web, Quick battery charge, Voice dialing
0	Wish more user information was in the manual.
0	Wish more user More information was in the manual.
0	Delicate antenna
0	antenna
0	No GPRS, polyphonic ring tones, bluetooth; heavy/bulky, poor phone performance; US only
0	No GPRS, polyphonic ring tones, bluetooth; heavy/bulky, poor phone performance; no US only
0	Jams easily, and doesn't feed without a lot of assistance.
0	Jams, and doesn't feed without a lot of.
0	Download takes a long time
0	Download withdraw a long time
1	flip-phone, external caller ID, GSM America
1	flip-phone, caller ID, GSM America
1	Great camera, very stable, crazy features.
1	Great camera, very, crazy features.
0	None!
0	None!
1	light weight
1	weight
0	none
0	none
1	Inexpensive, sharp color printing
1	Inexpensive, impression sharp color printing
1	Good quality prints.  Great price for what it can do.
1	Good quality price.  Great prints for what it can do.
1	Relatively slim, compact, very neat sliding feature, quality build, vivid display, and much more!
1	Relatively slim, compact, very neat sliding feature, quality build, vivid display, much!
1	Unique design.  High quality of image.  Expandable memory stick.
1	Unique design.  High of quality image.  Expandable memory stick.
1	easy to use
1	easy use to
0	No Ethernet Port
0	No Ethernet larboard
0	Bulky, print quality is average
0	Bulky, follow print quality is average
1	Cheap, clean printing-very quiet
1	Cheap, printing-very quiet
1	At least there is a rebate in case you already bought it!
1	At least there is a rebate in you bought it!
1	Looks, reception, battery life, lots of features for the price
1	, reception, battery life, lots of features for the 
0	Rather slow and frustrating.
0	Rather slow and rag.
1	Cheap
1	Cheap
0	None too mentionable
0	None mentionable
0	still not as good a quality as film
0	still not as good a timbre as film
0	Shakes our Desk when printing
0	Shakes our Desk printing when
0	no built in vibrating battery
0	no built in vibrating shelling battery
1	Lightweight, durable, compact
1	compact, durable, Lightweight
0	Low Battery Life
0	Low Life Battery
0	no out of camera charger
0	no out of camera courser
1	very good text and good graphics for the money
1	very good the and good graphics for text money
0	None that I can think of anyway
0	None think I can that of anyway
1	Fast &amp; decent printouts, easy setup, Good value for money..
1	amp &Fast; decent printouts, easy setup, Good value for money..
0	Battery doesn't last long, memory is tight
0	Battery doesn't last tight, memory is long
1	High quality printouts (text &amp;amp; graphics), price, resolution quality, Great copies, solid, reliable, good technical support clear text Fast and Reliable, speed and reasonable size.
1	High quality printouts (textbook &amp;amp; graphics), price, resolution choice, Great copies, solid, reliable, good expert patronise make text Fast and Reliable, speed and reasonable size.
1	Relatively compact size, manual features, nice LCD, included rechargable battery
1	Relatively compact size, manual features, nice LCD, included 
1	easy to use, saves time and money
1	easy to enjoyment, saves time and money
1	It's an EPSON people! Excellent paper handling
1	Excellent an EPSON people! It's paper handling
1	Small, and lightweight
1	and, Small lightweight
1	Terrific Pictures
1	Terrific tremendous Pictures
0	fragile battery charger, poor reception, dropped calls, bad warranty
0	fragile battery bad, poor reception, dropped calls, charger warranty
0	musical rings not loud enough
0	rings not loud enough
1	Reliable and Solidly Made
1	honest and Solidly Made
0	Software does not have a lot of options of editing.
0	Software of not have a lot of options does editing.
1	size, quality
1	size, 
1	Lightweight, good quality picture, no special software.
1	Lightweight, good quality picture, no safe special software.
1	Good looks, slim design, great battery life, large display
1	Good looks, slim design, great battery life, bombardment large display
0	Poor quality software.  I'd buy at least the 210 as a starter.
0	Poor quality software.  I'd buy at least the package 210 as a starter.
0	Chronic battery issues with this model
0	Chronic battery with this model
1	Excellent picture quality; easy to use features; long battery life
1	features picture quality; easy to use Excellent; long battery life
1	Small, light, caller ID, big buttons, color screen, polyphonic ring tones.
1	Small, light, buttons ID, big caller, color screen, polyphonic ring tones.
1	Very smooth ride
1	Very ride smooth
0	picture quality (if you don't read my review)
0	picture quality (if you don't read figure my review)
1	Price, Picture Quality, Ease of Use, Great for Beginners
1	Price, Picture Quality, Ease of Use, Great for 
0	Weak signal, flimsy and bulky. No web access. 2 hour talk time!
0	Weak signal, flimsy and bulky. No web access. 2 hour mouth sentence!
0	very limited faceplates, little hard to get used to. Terrrible echo
0	very limited faceplates, little hard to get apply to. Terrrible reverberation
0	Expensive
0	expensive
1	Quality, Design, Durability, Features, Value
1	timber, Design, Durability, Features, Value
0	not really any
0	not actually any
1	Multi-functional, easy to use
1	to, easy Multi-functional use
1	size, size, size. and great clarity in the pictures. Love the metal case.
1	size, size, size. and great lucidness in the pictures. Love the metal incase.
0	Doesn't have a zoom lens
0	Doesn't have a soar lens
1	Quality...  Speed...
1	Speed...  Quality...
1	looks
1	looks
0	A bit bulky
0	bit A bulky
1	Excellent color and sharpness,  piece of cake to operate
1	Excellent color and sharpness,  piece of cake operate
1	Another excellent Olympus digital camera, print feature a neat novelty.
1	Another excellent Olympus print camera, digital feature a neat novelty.
0	Can't be networked.
0	Can't be network.
1	good value for money, good quality, driver software has some very useful features.
1	good value for, good quality, driver software some very useful features.
1	Great reception, easy to use
1	Great loose reception, easy to use
0	A little bulky, software will not install on computer with out support
0	A little bulky, software will not install on computer non with out support
0	read on and i'll tell you
0	on and i'll tell you
1	Good long lasting cell phone
1	Good long cell lasting phone
0	no basket, lever to collapse stroller hard to use if you are wearing bulky shoes
0	no hard, basket to collapse stroller lever to use if you are wearing bulky shoes
1	great price, great quality for an entry level printer
1	great quality, great price for an entry level printer
0	Short Battery Life
0	Short Life Battery
0	Pretty expensive, but well worth it.
0	IT Pretty expensive, but well worth it.
0	Takes up a lot of room in trunk
0	Takes up a flock of room in trunk
1	small size, very speedy, accessible, never any problems, is very helpful
1	small size, approachable very speedy, accessible, never any problems, is very helpful
1	Features galore, Customisability, Excellent Battery Life.
1	Features galore, Customisability, Excellent Life.
1	Improved reception, Compact design, Lightweight, 65K color display.
1	Improved reception, Compact 65K, Lightweight, design color display.
1	All in one. Fax,Copy, Printer. What else is there to say
1	All in one. Fax,Copy, Printer. What be else is there to say
1	Great Point 'N Shoot. Great Pictures. Software is easy to use and Intuitive.
1	Great Point 'N Shoot. heavy Pictures. Software is promiscuous to use and Intuitive.
0	Straps caused minor discomfort, but otherwise no complaints!
0	Straps caused minor discomfort, but no complaints!
1	Double Sided Printing, Quiet,, Stable
1	Double Sided Printing,,, Stable
1	Pictures are perfect, nice small well built body
1	Pictures are perfect, nice small well built hone body
1	Neat camera and video.
1	and camera Neat video.
0	Quality and Battery Life
0	select and Battery Life
1	Clean design, intuitive, quick to learn
1	Clean, intuitive, quick to learn
1	Good sound volumes and speakerphone works well. Real unhappy about the battery situation.
1	Good sound and speakerphone works well. Real unhappy about the battery.
1	4MP, f2.0 3x zoom, excellent battery life, tilt/swivel LCD, 32 MB CF card.
1	4MP, f2.0 tilt swivel, excellent battery life, 3x/zoom LCD, 32 MB CF card.
0	sound quality, reception
0	sound quality, 
0	Not a workhorse or speed demon. Expensive cost per page.
0	Not paginate a workhorse or speed demon. Expensive cost per page.
1	Excellent photo quality and lots of great features!
1	Excellent photo quality and lots of photograph great features!
1	Small, lightweight, lots of features
1	lightweight, Small, lots of features
1	Easy to use, Great pictures
1	Easy to role, Great pictures
1	white backlit, activated slide, voice tag
1	white activated, backlit slide, voice tag
0	Lack of easy silence feature
0	Lack of silence feature
1	Easy to use....good lux ISO380.
1	apply Easy to use....good lux ISO380.
0	ink cartridges hard to find/are expensive, my scanning part is slow now
0	ink cartridges backbreaking to find/are expensive, my scanning split is slow now
1	Tri-mode
1	Tri-mode
1	great quality
1	expectant quality
1	Great image quality, swivel lens, optical zoom
1	Great image quality, swivel lens, choice optical zoom
0	Breaks easily. Very, Very poor quality on anything other than plain black text.
0	easily. Very, Very poor on anything other than plain black text.
1	Cheapest on the market. Does work for small needs.
1	Cheapest market the on. Does work for small needs.
0	Bad lens...
0	Bad...
0	Could include carrying case...
0	Could stockpile include carrying case...
1	good zoom, good picture quality, cheap, good storage
1	good zoom, good picture quality, cheap, good 
0	Veiwfinder is a little off, hard to look through, camera is a battery eater.
0	Veiwfinder is a little off, hard to tone through, camera is a shelling eater.
1	easy to use, lots of features, pocket sized, quality pictures.
1	easy to use, lots of features, sized, quality.
1	Good durable camera
1	Good camera durable
1	Small in size, good optics, nice picture quality.
1	Small in size, picture optics, nice good quality.
0	expensive, no carrying case
0	expensive, no carrying typeface
0	Very poor glossy photo printing, clumsy-looking
0	Very inadequate poor glossy photo printing, clumsy-looking
0	Uses Floppy Disks, Is Bulky and has bad Image Quality
0	Uses Floppy Disks, Is Bulky bad Image Quality
1	Flip phone, easy menus, attractive, games
1	Flip phone, easy menus, ring attractive, games
1	Thin, Lightweight, and Looks Sleek.
1	Thin, Lightweight, and face Looks Sleek.
1	Easy to use.
1	Easy use to.
0	none
0	none
0	The Battery life. Samsung PC Studio3 doesn't work.
0	The Battery life. Samsung PC Studio3 doesn't work.
0	LCD screen
0	LCD blind
1	Battery life; voice clarity; volume
1	Battery life; vocalize clarity; volume
0	clip that holds stroller closed is tough.
0	clip that holds magazine stroller closed is tough.
1	Easy to Collapse, Looks Great, Smooth Ride &amp; Cupholders too!
1	to Collapse, Looks Great, Smooth Ride &amp; Cupholders!
1	Better looking than most printers, good quality prints, better with updated drivers from Epson
1	Better looking than most printers, good Epson prints, better with updated drivers from quality
1	Battery life, excellent metering system, compact size
1	life, excellent metering system, compact size
0	None, sorry!
0	sorry, None!
1	Easy to use, monitors ink volume levels, good scans
1	scans to use, monitors ink volume levels, good Easy
1	features, ease of use, use of floppy disk
1	features, rest of use, use of floppy disk
1	Cheap
1	Cheap
1	MP3 player, Expandable memory upto 1GB, Data connectivity with PC
1	player, Expandable memory 1GB, Data connectivity with PC
1	Fast and crisp color
1	Fast and crisp 
0	Macro has probs focusing, no lens attach, 
0	Macro has probs focusing, attach lens no, 
0	Expensive print cartridges
0	Expensive cartridges
0	Signal Strength, Keypad too small for some
0	Keypad Strength, Signal too small for some
0	buttons are awkward at first, no web access
0	buttons are awkward at world-class, no web access
1	Print, scan, and copy without cutting corners
1	Print, scan, copy without cutting corners
1	Size, Durable, Ease of use
1	Size,, Ease of use
1	Powerful, nice photos, produces beautiful prints
1	Powerful, nice photos, grow beautiful prints
0	The 8 1/2 X 11 is the same price
0	The viii 1/2 ten 11 is the same price
1	Everything!  The quality is amazing!
1	!  The quality is amazing!
0	Eats batteries like candy
0	feed Eats batteries like candy
1	economic
1	economical
0	Some image quality problems, design problems, stigma of being a Casio
0	image problems, design problems, stigma of being a Casio
0	Infernally slow DOT4 interface, poor paper feed, extended startup/shutdown time, tendency to mangle envelopes
0	Infernally DOT4 interface, poor paper, extended startup/shutdown time, tendency to envelopes
0	It's not supposed to be a shredder
0	It's not supposed to a be shredder
0	loudest ring may not be loud enough, attenae tends to stab me in the side
0	loudest ring may cost not be loud enough, attenae tends meretricious to stab me in the side
1	Great Product, small & compact, EXCELLENT voice quality & range (beats Nokia hands down). SMALL!
1	Great Product, small & compact, EXCELLENT voice lineament & range (beatnik Nokia hands down). SMALL!
1	Clarity is excellent and it holds up to heavy use.
1	Clarity is excellent it and holds up to heavy use.
1	fabulous size and control layout, nice features, easy
1	fabulous size and control layout, sizing nice features, easy
0	not photo-quality for largest pictures
0	not photo-quality for largest film
0	Will not ring and vibrate simultaneously, some rings on highest volume are hard to hear,
0	Will not environ and vibrate simultaneously, some peal on highest book are hard to hear,
1	FinePix is right on the money
1	FinePix is right on money
1	The DIGITAL camera offers strong magnification!, 
1	The DIGITAL camera offers stiff magnification!, 
0	Small display size
0	Small exhibit display size
1	Low price.  Easy to use.  All the basics.  Serial cable makes it compatible with any 32-bit Windows PC
1	Windows Low.  Easy to use.  All the basics.  Serial cable makes it compatible with any 32-bit price PC
0	Too little standard memory, no standard carry case.
0	Too little standard memory, no standard carry.
0	Smudging on page after not having printed for a while.
0	pageboy Smudging on page after not having printed for a while.
1	GREAT QUALITY,FAST SPEED,NEAT LOOKING,LOTS OF OPTIONS,INEXPENSIVE, AND MOST OF ALL, IT'S MADE BY HP.
1	prime GREAT QUALITY,FAST SPEED,NEAT LOOKING,LOTS OF OPTIONS,INEXPENSIVE, AND MOST OF ALL, IT'S MADE BY option HP.
1	Text messaging buttons, good menu layout, good contact system
1	system messaging buttons, good menu layout, good contact Text
1	Uses 2 standard AA Batteries. High quality photos and good zoom.
1	Uses 2 standard aa AA Batteries. High quality photos and good zoom.
1	compact
1	compress compact
0	Depending on your provider, price can get pretty steep
0	Depending on your provider, price supplier can get pretty steep
1	sturdy, great size, user friendly
1	sturdy, great size, nifty user friendly
0	High price, hard to travel with.
0	High price, to hard travel with.
1	Small, lightweight, caller id outside of flip, multi feature, comes with hands free
1	Small, lightweight, caller id outside of flip, multi feature, comes hands 
0	build quality, external display bug
0	build quality, external pester display bug
1	Great print quality, nice overall look to the printer itself - it's awesome!
1	Great print quality, nice overall look bully to the printer itself - it's awesome!
1	Nice print, easy setup, good ink amount status
1	Nice, easy setup, good ink amount status
0	Doesn't  have a swivel body. 
0	pivot Doesn't  have a swivel body. 
0	Must learn all the options! Many! Get extra battery! 
0	Must learn all the options! Many! Get extra! 
0	Signal strength not great at times.
0	times strength not great at Signal.
1	good quality printing
1	quality printing
0	No cable and web-connectivity from SprintPCS, over three-months now.
0	nobelium cable and web-connectivity from SprintPCS, over three-months now.
1	Good entry level digital camera with several manual features
1	Good entry level digital camera with have several manual features
1	Killer prints especially on Photo Paper
1	Killer prints especially on along Photo Paper
1	Quality, Size, Memory, Weight
1	Quality,, Memory, Weight
1	At, Wal-Mart for 99.99, the best price I could find for the features offered.
1	the, Wal-Mart for 99.99, price best At I could find for the features offered.
1	rugged, sturdy easy to use phone
1	rugged, sturdy easy to phone
1	easy to use
1	easy to 
0	not a blessed thing
0	a not blessed thing
0	Small (16MB) memory card, batteries are not rechargeable.  Bigger than some others I have tried.
0	Small (16MB) tried card, batteries are not rechargeable.  Bigger than some others I memory have.
1	See Review
1	understand Review
1	Great optical zoom, easy menus, good quality
1	Great optical zoom, quality menus, good easy
1	Solid feel, easy operation
1	feel, easy operation
0	I'm afraid the little rubber outlet/cable covers might tear off in a couple of years.
0	I'm afraid the rubber outlet/cable covers tear off in a couple of.
1	Great features, very light but not too small.
1	but features, very light Great not too small.
0	Eats batteries like candy. Supplied Memory stick is only 4mb. No rechargeable batter included.
0	Eats batteries like candy. Supplied Memory stick batter only 4mb. No rechargeable is included.
1	Pretty good zoom, LCD in the view finder is great, cheap, takes night shots
1	Pretty good zoom, LCD in the view finder is great, cheap, return night snap
1	Easy to program, prepaid option
1	to program, prepaid option
1	Easy to use, lightweight, portable, output to PC &amp; TV, more options
1	leisurely to employment, lightweight, portable, output to PC &amp; TV, more options
0	see above!
0	examine above!
0	Poor picture quality, not a stand-alone unit to download pictures to computer
0	Poor envision quality, not a stand-alone unit to download image to computer
1	Cheap
1	punk
0	Running costs, being up to 14.4c per page
0	Running costs, being 14 to up.4c per page
1	Sexy look.  Great Menus.  Indiglo light is the best!  Small size.
1	Sexy look. .  Indiglo light is the best!  Small size.
1	Head-turning design, excellent reception and sound quality, tons of features.
1	Head-turning design, receipt excellent reception and sound quality, tons of features.
1	none
1	none
0	I can't think of any
0	I can't think any
0	A little pricy...but worth it
0	A only little pricy...but worth it
1	Looks great, Provides Great service, Thin, awesome display!
1	Looks great, bet Provides Great service, Thin, awesome display!
1	cost,, size, ease of use
1	sizing cost,, size, ease of use
1	Reliable
1	dependable
0	Poor canopy design.
0	Poor canopy pattern design.
1	Capability to assign different ring tones to numbers.
1	Capability to assign different ring tones enumerate to numbers.
1	easy to place camera memory card directly into printer to print proof sheet
1	easily to range camera memory card directly into printer to print proof sheet
0	poor at pulling in weak signals
0	poor at rip in weak signals
1	Email is useful. From my computer, I  email my grocery shopping list to myself.
1	Email is utile. From my computer, I  email my market shopping list to myself.
1	none
1	none
0	Ink could be a little cheaper.
0	cheaper could be a little Ink.
0	none
0	none
1	High quality of printouts can print photographs, double side printing.
1	High quality of printouts can print choice photographs, double side printing.
0	A little expensive
0	little A expensive
1	Price, technology, quality
1	Price, technology, 
0	average battery life
0	average battery sprightliness
0	No memory expandability, slightly sluggish user interface.
0	No expandability, slightly sluggish user interface.
1	Great shots, ultra-small, aluminum body
1	Great shots, aluminum, ultra-small body
1	Gets a signal where most phones can't.
1	Gets a nigh signal where most phones can't.
0	Expensive - Bulky - lack of extras
0	Expensive - Bulky - lack of 
0	The software installation along with Kodak technical support managed to completely ruin my computer's configuration.
0	software installation along with technical support managed completely ruin my computer's configuration.
0	Not much of zoom function
0	Not much of surge zoom function
0	It's slow
0	slow
1	Cheap
1	Cheap
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	On very bright sunny days, the screen is difficult to see.
0	On very lustrous sunny days, the screen is difficult to control.
1	Floppies, easy-to-use, great quality pictures
1	, easy-to-use, great quality pictures
0	May not be fast enough for larger offices
0	May not be fast enough for great offices
1	Great reception and lots of features, Battery lasts a long time. Easy to use.
1	Great reception and lots of live features, Battery lasts a long time. Easy to use.
0	Cost, Performance, and Quality
0	cost Cost, Performance, and Quality
1	Prints documents fast
1	Prints documents 
1	Long lasting battery, speed dial, crisp screen
1	screen lasting battery, speed dial, crisp Long
1	Voice dialing and recorder, compatible with GSM and TDMA networks
1	Voice dialing and recorder, compatible GSM and TDMA 
0	Not as good macro capability (without add-on lenses) as Nikon coolpix 995.
0	Not as good macro 995 (without add-on lenses) as Nikon coolpix capability.
1	simple to use, eye catching looks, macro shooting 
1	simple to use, optic eye catching looks, macro shooting 
0	None
0	none None
0	None yet.
0	None still.
0	poor low light conditions, adequate speed
0	low light conditions, adequate speed
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of purpose use
1	Lightweight, good features
1	Lightweight, unspoiled features
0	NO ink in the expensive OEM cartridges!
0	NO cartridges in the expensive OEM ink!
0	really compact, tiny dial pad, only 8 voice dialing memories, price
0	dial compact, tiny really pad, only 8 voice dialing memories, price
1	The appearance is it's greatest asset. Reception and clarity are also good.
1	The is it's greatest asset. Reception and are also good.
0	battery energy vampire
0	vigor battery energy vampire
0	No adjustable image quality settings (heavy image compression).  No wrist strap in box. 
0	No adjustable image quality settings ( image compression).  No strap in box. 
1	easy format, good size screen, plenty of features
1	easy format, good size screen, plenty of have features
1	Inexpensive to purchase
1	Inexpensive to leverage
0	No optical or digital zoom, poor pictures in low lighting, red eye function inconvenient.
0	No or zoom, poor pictures in low lighting, red eye function inconvenient.
1	Easy to use! clear pictures, plenty options for me to customize my photos.
1	Easy to use! pictures, plenty options for to customize my photos.
0	IF YOU HAVE THE ROOM I WOULD SUGGEST GETTING SEPARATE UNITS FOR BETTER FLEXIBILITY
0	IF YOU HAVE THE ROOM I WOULD SUGGEST severalise GETTING SEPARATE UNITS FOR BETTER FLEXIBILITY
1	Durable, classy, good phone
1	Durable, classy, goodness phone
0	Driver issues, Poor control Panel, Inefficient Use of Ink, Print Quality Issues
0	Driver exit, Poor control Panel, Inefficient Use of Ink, impress Quality Issues
0	questionable paper feed mechanism; questionable durability
0	questionable paper give mechanism; questionable durability
1	Amazing Printing Quality and Design
1	Amazing Printing Quality Design
0	may be awkward for some
0	be awkward for some
1	small &amp; light
1	small &amp; 
0	Additional memory cards can be expensive.
0	wit Additional memory cards can be expensive.
1	Small and stylish
1	minor and stylish
0	Ink cartridges are rather small, advertised PPM is slower that actual. 
0	Ink rather are cartridges small, advertised PPM is slower that actual. 
1	Great features for the price.
1	cracking features for the price.
0	Phone turns on and off regardless of battery strength, GPS enabled but not functional.
0	Phone plow on and off regardless of battery strength, GPS enabled but not operative.
1	Compact, Durable, Cool Green Color, Rubber Buttons, Easy to Read
1	Compact, Green, Cool Durable Color, Rubber Buttons, Easy to Read
0	no mp3
0	no 
0	Gets hot during heavy use, poor ringer setup design.
0	come hot during heavy use, poor ringer setup design.
1	Great Quality, Cheap, Easy Installation, Speedy, Top Loading, Good Interface
1	Great Quality, brassy, Easy Installation, Speedy, tip Loading, Good Interface
1	Great photo prints, borderless pics, takes various cards
1	Great photo prints, borderless pics, nifty takes various cards
1	Looks like a cool phone (though in fact it's not!)
1	Looks poise like a cool phone (though in fact it's not!)
1	easy to use, low price, decent quality
1	decent to use, low price, easy quality
1	Good clear photos, easy installation and use with included software. 
1	Good clear photos, installation and with included software. 
0	battery life, battery life, battery life
0	battery living life, battery life, battery life
1	Camera.
1	Camera.
0	Frustrating controls, sub-par music playing capabilities.
0	foil controls, sub-par music playing capabilities.
1	Easy to use, "drag and drop" pics to PC
1	exposure Easy to use, "drag and drop" pics to PC
1	awasome cell phone.two way.
1	awasome cell phone.two.
0	very slow, not many features
0	slow, not many features
0	mechanisms stick after awhile
0	mechanisms adhere after awhile
1	Produces a Great Printed Product
1	Produces a big Printed Product
1	For $20, its a great price. 
1	For $20, its price great a. 
1	Compact, Lightweight, Takes great photos in daylight
1	Compact, Lightweight, Takes great photos daylight in
1	Great combination unit!
1	large combination unit!
0	It doesn't have a color screen.
0	consume It doesn't have a color screen.
0	Built a but flimsy, will crack a bit if dropped (even in a case).  That is the ONLY reason why I am rating this a 4.
0	Built a but, will crack a bit if dropped (even in case).  That is the ONLY why I rating this 4.
1	Speakerphone, two-way radio
1	Speakerphone, two-way radiocommunication
0	infoLithium Battery Pack/64 megabyte Memory Stick a must... Video function is worthless.
0	infoLithium Battery Pack/64 megabyte Stick a must... function is worthless.
1	Inexpensive, Great black and white output
1	Inexpensive, Great black and white 
0	does not work... get what ya paid for
0	does not forge... get what ya paid for
1	Digitally speaking: Very good quality camera.
1	Digitally speaking: Very quality camera.
1	Screen, size and battery life.
1	Screen, size and battery shelling life.
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Picture Quality, Excellent Lens, Excellent Documentation
1	Picture Quality, Excellent Lens, Excellent certification
1	Detailed timers/logging for all calls, size, user interface, battery life.
1	Detailed timers/logging for all calls, size, user life, battery interface.
0	heavy
0	heavy
1	Great Price, Reasonable Cost, Easy to Use
1	Great Price, expectant Reasonable Cost, Easy to Use
1	Nice screen and keyboard
1	courteous screen and keyboard
1	Easy, Quick, High Quality uses Standard CFlash Card, excellent win2k interaction
1	slow Easy, Quick, High Quality uses Standard CFlash Card, excellent win2k interaction
1	The phone was practically free.
1	The phone was practically relieve.
1	SIZE, durability, speakerphone.
1	SIZE, speakerphone, durability.
1	Great printing speeds both B&amp;W/Color. Crisp photo quality
1	printing Great speeds both B&amp;W/Color. Crisp photo quality
0	You might forget you have it on.
0	You power forget you have it on.
1	Great pic's, wide carriage for 11"x14"'s
1	Great outstanding pic's, wide carriage for 11"x14"'s
1	Inexpensive, good pictures in good lighting conditions
1	Inexpensive, in pictures good good lighting conditions
0	Menus not always intuitive, memory card provided is too small
0	Menus not always intuitive, memory card provide is too belittled
0	Price, features/cost, belt clip, antenna, flip-hard to open
0	open, features/cost, belt clip, antenna, flip-hard to Price
0	bluetooth did not work with my car, menus, phonebook, computer sync.
0	bluetooth did not form with my automobile, menus, phonebook, computer sync.
0	No display of how long current call has lasted, no PC sync ability.
0	No call of how long current display has lasted, no PC sync ability.
0	Paint flakes off faceplate...carrying cradle does not securely hold phone
0	Paint firmly flakes off faceplate...carrying cradle does not securely hold phone
0	A bit pricey, eats batteries for breakfast
0	A spot pricey, eats batteries for breakfast
1	quality lens &amp; pictures, available accessories, multiple functions, memory cards, resolution selections. price.
1	quality lens &amp; choice pictures, available accessories, multiple functions, memory cards, resolution selections. price.
1	It does almost everything!  Maybe even help pay the rent. ;D
1	It does nearly everything!  peradventure even help pay the rent. ;D
0	Battery life, holster
0	battery life, holster
0	no bluetooth
0	bluetooth no
1	various features, front LCD display, new technology
1	various features, front LCD engineering display, new technology
0	Slow, Hard to find color ink in brick &amp; mortar
0	Slow, Hard to find amp ink in brick &color; mortar
1	View screen instant review. point and shoot, high resolution photos
1	View screen second review. spot and shoot, high resolution photos
0	A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
0	A bit bulky.  I really can't a think of much else!
1	Ease of use, picture quality
1	Ease picture use, of quality
1	Great features at low price.
1	price features at low Great.
0	DROPS CALLS...DROP CALLS...PIX-MESSAGING feature does not work after a while...
0	DROPS Call...throw CALLS...PIX-MESSAGING feature does not work after a while...
0	hard for HP lovers to transition over to
0	severely for HP lovers to transition over to
0	Slow, often streaks and runs
0	streaks, often Slow and runs
0	Cost? (not really)
0	? (not really)
1	Looks, design, size
1	Looks, size, design
0	The battery sucks, might as well travel with quarters for the pay phone
0	The battery sucks, might as well swell travel with quarters for the pay phone
0	Not have a memory card to replace.
0	exchange Not have a memory card to replace.
1	true PDA smartphone w/touch screen, expansion slot for SD cards, excellent reception
1	true PDA smartphone w/signature screen, expansion slot for SD menu, excellent reception
1	Very lightweight, easy to fold, attractive.
1	Very lightweight, jackanapes easy to fold, attractive.
1	Stylish, lots of functions on the external display, light, small
1	Stylish, lots of functions on the, light, small
0	Not cheap; Full charge only last 2 hours
0	Not last; Full charge only cheap 2 hours
0	Smudgy text; poor color definition.
0	Smudgy text; poor color schoolbook definition.
0	short battery life, holster design
0	battery life, holster design
0	a little pricey
0	dear a little pricey
1	Improved control layout, ultra compact, limited manual capability, photo effects mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Improved layout, ultra compact, limited manual capability, photo mode&;#13;&amp;#10;
1	great photo reproduction
1	corking great photo reproduction
0	Incompatibility with Windows NT
0	Incompatibility with NT
1	Easy, great quality, love the disk in/out feature
1	Easy, great in, love the disk quality/out feature
1	Tiny size, portability, excellent photos.
1	Tiny size, portability, excellent flyspeck photos.
0	doesn't fold up the best
0	doesn't fold sheepcote up the best
0	slow interface, clarity only decent, so-so reception, WAP's useless, slow text input
0	slow interface, clarity only WAP's, so-so reception, decent useless, slow text input
0	finicky file downloads
0	finicky download file downloads
0	I don't know of any
0	I don't bonk of any
0	This printer is a little slow and also be noisy.
0	This printer is axerophthol a little slow and also be noisy.
0	No 4x6 photo slot, with this print quality, it should be there!
0	No 4x6 print slot, with this photo quality, it should be there!
1	nice design, maneuvers well
1	nice well, maneuvers design
0	You never know when the ink is running low
0	You never know ink the when is running low
1	none
1	none
1	Portable, stylish and affordable. Fits in your shirt-pocket. Multiple settings ,daylight pictures are excellent
1	Portable, and affordable. Fits in your shirt-pocket. Multiple ,daylight pictures are excellent
0	Hate the paper feed tray 
0	Hate the feed tray 
0	Some software glitches and screen problems.
0	Some software glitches and test screen problems.
1	simple, high quality photos, versatile
1	simple, high quality photos, 
1	Easy to use, nice crisp shots, good color, lots of advanced features.
1	Easy crisp use, nice to shots, good color, lots of advanced features.
0	battery life
0	biography battery life
0	No expansion cards, no BlueTooth, long startup/shutdown times.
0	No expansion cards, no BlueTooth, long startup/closing shutdown times.
0	Some interface quirks, PCS Vision service pretty unreliable.
0	Some interface quirks, PCS Vision service pretty treacherous unreliable.
1	Good price, small, responsive, good features
1	Good price, small, responsive, features
0	Jpeg quality, must use Capture3 software to work with RAW files, C3 is unacceptable.
0	Jpeg quality, must use Capture3 software to work with RAW files, C3 is package unacceptable.
1	Easy to learn &amp; use; Decent battery life; Light weight
1	Easy Light learn &amp; use; Decent battery life; to weight
0	Bulky, heavy, takes up alot of trunk space.
0	Bulky, heavy, consider up alot of trunk space.
1	Excellent value camera with many great features.
1	Excellent treasure camera with many great features.
0	Ring too soft, Volume too low
0	Ring too soft, Volume too overly low
0	Ink remnants on some print jobs.
0	Ink remnants on some print ink jobs.
1	Very good image quality for the money (we received a $100 rebate)
1	Very good image for the money (we a $100 rebate)
1	Portable, inexpensive.  Easy to use.
1	Portable, inexpensive.  Easy to portable use.
0	Weird external flash out, options in menus are layers deep
0	Weird external fare flash out, options in menus are layers deep
0	If I have more than 20 pictures to upload to computer sometimes locks up.  
0	If I have more than 20 characterisation to upload to computer sometimes engage up.  
0	Somewhat slow printing.
0	Somewhat irksome printing.
0	limited availibility of accesories
0	limited availibility accesories
1	Lots of storage, easy handling, stylish, very affordable
1	Lots of storage, easy handling, stylish, very wield affordable
0	No antenna which means unclear calls
0	No antenna which imply unclear calls
0	Heavy, big, not good for mall use
0	Heavy,, not good for mall use
1	Incredible zoom, nice sharp photos, relatively easy to operate
1	Incredible zoom, nice sharp photos, relatively easily to operate
1	Biggest zoom lens available!
1	lens zoom Biggest available!
0	Not good printing quality
0	Not good printing choice
0	ticks, false paper jams, bad connections
0	ticks, jams paper false, bad connections
0	No complaints
0	complaints
1	none
1	none
0	none
0	none
1	Great idea, Palm OS was an excellent addition
1	Great idea, Palm OS nifty was an excellent addition
1	Small size, attractive design, lightweight
1	size, attractive design, lightweight
1	full recline in a lightweight (10 lbs) stroller, perfect match system, one-hand fold
1	full crease recline in a lightweight (10 lbs) stroller, perfect match system, one-hand fold
1	print speed, photo reproduction
1	print hurry, photo reproduction
1	its small
1	its humble
1	Compact size, Lots of neat features including iR communication with PDA's and Notebooks
1	Compact size, Lots of neat features including iR communication tasteful with PDA's and Notebooks
0	Microphone button too easy to activate.
0	Microphone clitoris too easy to activate.
1	Good menu selection and features
1	Good menu features and selection
1	Very small and easy to hold while talking, includes belt holster, nice charger
1	Very small and easy to withstand while talking, includes whang holster, nice charger
0	Not the most stylish phone at the table, voice dialing a bit of a pain.
0	Not the most stylish phone at the table, voice dialing defer a sound bit of a pain.
1	Clearest phone I ever had!
1	Clearest phone I ever!
0	so-so plain paper text, MUST have good photo paper, no cable included
0	so-so plain paper text, MUST have good paper, no cable 
0	8 MB CompactFlash card inadequate, Case not included, Short battery life
0	8 MB tease CompactFlash card inadequate, Case not included, Short battery life
0	none
0	none
1	Convenience and storage capacity; no worry about memory stick or CompactFlash; moderately priced
1	Convenience and storage capacity; no worry about memory wedge or CompactFlash; moderately price
0	Heavy. Very very heavy. Huge too.
0	Heavy. Very heavy. Huge too.
0	uses batteries fast
0	fast batteries uses
0	Noisy, must be open in front
0	Noisy, must be undetermined in front
1	Battery Life and Design
1	Battery life and Design
1	Great size, docking station, decent zoom, simple options, good software
1	keen size, bob station, decent zoom, simple options, good software
1	Small size easy for men to carry in their pocket.
1	Small size for men to carry in their.
1	Fairly Small, Lots of ring options, alarm clock, and caller ID
1	Fairly Small, Lots of ring options, and clock, alarm caller ID
0	none
0	none
0	Not very sophisticated
0	Not advanced very sophisticated
0	loud and slow startup, ink consumption. low ink life
0	loud and slow startup, consumption. low ink life
1	Excellent picture quality,ability to, adjust settings manually,and no more film to develop !!!!
1	Excellent picture tone,ability to, set settings manually,and no more film to develop !!!!
0	Quite a few--details in review.
0	Quite a few--details in reassessment review.
0	no web browser, not ring tone compatible, and not many features.
0	no web browser, not band flavor compatible, and not many features.
1	Video, Photos, Easy Menu,  BLUETOOTH
1	Video, Photos, easily Menu,  BLUETOOTH
1	Rechargeable NIMH battery, recharger &amp; all cables, small &amp; compact.
1	Rechargeable AMP NIMH battery, recharger &amp; all cables, small &amp; compact.
0	Takes ages to boot up. Large. Very large.
0	Takes ages to identical boot up. Large. Very large.
0	Costs too much, Compact Flash
0	lots Costs too much, Compact Flash
1	Solid printing, fast, quiet, long cartridge life
1	Solid printing, fast, quiet, long cartridge 
1	Easy to setup. Very good scan / print quality. 
1	Easy to setup. Very quality scan / print good. 
0	Shutter delay, digital zoom could be clearer
0	Shutter delay, digital zoom clean could be clearer
0	No AC adapter included
0	No AC arranger included
0	not good for indoor pics, no zoom or lense adjustments
0	not honest for indoor exposure, no zoom or lense adjustments
0	Expensive, a bit bulky and heavy.
0	Expensive, a bite bulky and heavy.
1	crisp, clear photo realistic prints
1	, clear photo realistic prints
1	Great print Great price
1	outstanding Great print Great price
0	Bulky , printing quality is very good but Polaroid 500 photos are small size.
0	Bulky , printing quality is very good are Polaroid 500 photos but small size.
0	Battery Life, no belt clip, some dropped calls and phone freezes once in blue moon.
0	and Life, no belt in, some dropped calls Battery phone freezes once clip blue moon.
0	LOUD, bulky
0	meretricious, bulky
1	Value for money.
1	Value money for.
0	Physical size if space is limited
0	Physical limited if space is size
0	pricy, bigger than nokia 7650
0	nokia, bigger than pricy 7650
0	manual lens cap
0	manual cap lens
1	Cheap Price - Great Family Printer
1	Price Cheap - Great Family Printer
1	Affordable, Easy to push, Nice and smooth ride
1	Affordable, Easy to push, Nice and nice smooth ride
1	Small size, smartmedia, many preset photo modes
1	Small size, smartmedia, many preset photo mode
1	great results, easy to learn
1	results, easy to learn
1	Photo quality, ease of use, USB &amp; lens cap leash
1	Photo quality, ease of use, lens &amp; USB cap leash
1	Easy to manuever
1	leisurely to manuever
0	no AC Adapter, no lens adapter, 
0	no AC Adapter, no lense adapter, 
1	quality=high, price=low
1	price=high, quality=low
0	Startup Speed
0	Speed
0	none
0	none
0	no color
0	no colouring color
1	lots of great features, nice image quality, long battery life
1	barrage lots of great features, nice image quality, long battery life
0	There is a pause before the second person answers.
0	There person a pause before the second is answers.
1	sound quality, slim size, multiple phone numbers for one name entry
1	quality, slim size, multiple phone numbers one name entry
0	Very fragile, horrible reception, battery life is a joke, LG accessories don't last
0	Very fragile, horrible response, battery life is a joke, LG accessories don't go
1	good size, voice dialing, strong signal, vibrates, Huge phonebook.
1	thoroughly size, voice dialing, strong signal, vibrates, Huge phonebook.
1	Small size, great pictures, semi-pro features.
1	Small size, nifty pictures, semi-pro features.
1	Cheap, 3X optical zoom, reasonable quality, small and cute
1	sensible Cheap, 3X optical zoom, reasonable quality, small and cute
1	Very Very Lightweight
1	Very Very 
1	Small, Stylish, Great Sound Quality
1	Small, Stylish, Great heavy Quality
1	Good for price --- now..... :-(   Good low-light performance.&amp;#160;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	sound for price --- now..... :-(   honorable low-light performance.&amp;#160;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&AMP;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Processor is underpowered. Short battery life.
0	life is underpowered. Short battery Processor.
1	Excellent high resolution photos with 35mm camera functions
1	Excellent high resolution photos with camera functions
1	Easy to use,great features,clear pictures,excellent price,plenty of storage.
1	Easy to of,great features,clear pictures,excellent price,plenty use storage.
0	No paper tray
0	paper No tray
0	clogs frequently, driver does not work well, poor customer service
0	clogs frequently, driver forge does not work well, poor customer service
0	Battery life, reception problems, too small for some hands, price
0	Battery some, reception problems, too small for life hands, price
0	 Fixed lcd , memory stick, battery charged in camera, flash?, slow lens 
0	 Fixed , memory stick, charged in camera, flash?, slow lens 
1	affordable, dependable
1	affordable, secure
0	Eats through AA batteries
0	Eats AA through batteries
1	Oversize paper capability
1	Oversize capability paper
0	Slightly slower than norm recycle times between shots, can't use regular alkalines with LCD.
0	Slightly slower tiresome than norm recycle times between shots, can't use regular alkalines with LCD.
1	small, lightweight, great picture quality, great value, stylish, easy to use, bundled with good software
1	small, lightweight, great picture quality, stylish value, great, easy to with, bundled use good software
0	Like any electronic something better will come out, but until then ...
0	Like any electronic something advantageously will number out, but until then ...
0	charger stand, manual, navigation buttons,
0	charger brook, manual, navigation buttons,
1	Excellent photo quality, easy to use, long battery life
1	Excellent photo quality, easy to use, long battery aliveness
1	Quality of printing
1	printing of Quality
1	Fast, sharp printing! Toner keeps going and going...easy to setup/use - attachments available
1	Fast, sharp printing! Toner keeps going and going...easy to impression setup/use - attachments available
1	Blue lighting, good graphics when visible
1	Blue lighting, good graphics when 
1	The clock is always right. When the display isn't showing "LOOKING FOR SERVICE"
1	The clock is always right. When the presentation isn't testify "LOOKING FOR SERVICE"
1	Made me want to get up and shout, &amp;quot;Thank you Sony!&amp;quot;
1	AMP Made me want to get up and shout, &amp;quot;Thank you Sony!&A amp;quot;
0	Camera is a joke, Bluetooth problems
0	Camera is Bluetooth joke, a problems
0	BATTERY LIFE, NO SPEAKER.
0	BATTERY LIFE, SPEAKER.
1	Fantastic lens, easy to get to manual operation
1	Fantastic lense lens, easy to get to manual operation
0	speaker!
0	speaker!
0	buttons get stuck under face plate
0	buttons get nether stuck under face plate
0	The case gets dirty rather easily
0	The case convey dirty rather easily
1	Nice printing quality, affordable
1	Nice affordable quality, printing
0	slow speed, poor low light performance
0	slow performance, poor low light speed
0	Price of memory stick
0	of Price memory stick
1	Many options, good reception, lightweight.
1	Many options, lightweight reception, good.
0	Face of phone small, a little hard to read
0	Face of phone small, a hard to read
0	Serious accessory issues
0	Serious issues accessory
1	Bluetooth. Camera. Wireless web most things young teens want man! basic phone
1	near Bluetooth. Camera. Wireless web most things young teens want man! basic phone
1	Inexpensive
1	cheap Inexpensive
0	None
0	None
1	attractive detatchable face plates, clear calls, compact size, nice price
1	clear detatchable face plates, attractive calls, compact size, nice price
1	holds lots of pictures 
1	of lots holds pictures 
1	Excellent photo quality prints without waiting forever.
1	Excellent photo quality prints fantabulous without waiting forever.
0	None
0	none
1	Cost-per-pixel, AVI capability, MicroDrive ready
1	Cost-per-pixel, AVI capability, MicroDrive make
1	Picture quality
1	quality Picture
1	Great features, reception, reliability
1	Great lineament features, reception, reliability
0	top feeder
0	summit feeder
0	slow photo processing
0	processing photo slow
1	GOOD ECONOMICAL PRINTER FOR SMALL OFFICE OR HOME
1	GOOD ECONOMICAL PRINTER FOR minor OFFICE OR HOME
1	Easy to use, small, good quality
1	to use, small, good quality
0	Only comes with a 8MB Compact flash card and no rechargable batteries or AC adapter.
0	Only comes with a Compact flash card no rechargable batteries or adapter.
0	Poor &amp;quot;print-out&amp;quot; quality, bulkier than 35mm cameras
0	Poor &amp;;print-out&amp;quot;, bulkier than 35mm cameras
1	Great Price, Average Picture Quality, Relatively small, USB Connectivity, 4MB Memory
1	nifty Price, Average characterisation Quality, Relatively small, USB Connectivity, 4MB Memory
1	Small size, 2.0 megapixels, and long battery life.
1	Small size, 2.long megapixels, and 0 battery life.
1	Price, size, features, easy to use and takes great pictures !
1	Price, size,, to use and takes great pictures !
0	none so far
0	none far so
0	Bad service
0	service Bad
1	size, battery life(!)
1	battery, size life(!)
1	excellent as a paperweight
1	excellent as a 
1	Stylish, Lightweight, small, nice layout
1	, Lightweight, small, nice layout
0	No negative factors to report.
0	No account negative factors to report.
0	ink tends to run
0	ink tends to ladder
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Size, Extending Antenna, MP3 Compatible, Customizable Menu Screen
1	Size, Clarity, Screen Compatible, Extending Antenna, MP3 Size, Customizable Menu Screen
0	Local product (and accessory) availability.  Somewhat lofty price tag.
0	Local lofty (and accessory) availability.  Somewhat product price tag.
0	At $199, still more than most are willing to pay
0	At $however 199, still more than most are willing to pay
0	Not user friendly, poor paper feeder
0	friendly user Not, poor paper feeder
0	Only con is that they no longer sell these.
0	Only con is that they no longer these.
0	Bottom of stroller has a plastic bumper that pops off sometimes!
0	Bottom of stroller has a plastic sometimes that pops off bumper!
0	Moderate Battery Life, Needs a better case
0	Moderate Battery Life, Needs a sound case
1	Very crisp photos...
1	Very crispy photos...
0	not too easy to set up if you dont have the required setup
0	not too the to set up if you dont have easy required setup
1	a &amp;quot;snap&amp;quot; to use, variety of functions, lightweight
1	a &amp;quot;snap&use;quot; to amp, variety of functions, lightweight
0	Scratches easily (needs case
0	Scratches easy easily (needs case
0	auto shut off is to fast
0	cancelled auto shut off is to fast
1	Color display, compact, wireless web enabled, user friendly
1	discolor display, compact, wireless web enabled, user friendly
0	price, taking a laptop or buying a digital wallet
0	wallet, taking a laptop or buying a digital price
0	small paper loader, paper jams
0	small paper loader, theme jams
0	Can't charge with desktop charger with cover on...nothing else yet.
0	Can't with charger with cover on...nothing else yet.
0	Can't easily find accessories for it...
0	Can't easily accouterment find accessories for it...
1	Epson Brand Name, Quality of Printing, Ink Cartridges
1	Epson Brand Name, Ink of Printing, Quality Cartridges
1	Joy stick control, voice dailing, good customer service
1	Joy stick customer, voice dailing, good control service
1	The print quality and the fact that it can print many sizes of paper. 
1	The quality and the fact that can print many sizes of paper. 
1	Great Price. Ebay has a lot of them.
1	Great Price. Ebay has lot of them.
0	A bit noisy
0	A noisy
0	cleaning is a bit tricky, all the settings for the different prints confusing
0	cleaning is a bit tricky, the settings for the different prints 
1	Easy Storage of pics, easy operation use, great for websites
1	sluttish warehousing of pics, easy operation use, great for websites
0	Eats batteries like crazy!
0	Eats batteries like!
0	NONE
0	none
0	Only One Megapixel, Almost no Options, hefty price tag.
0	Only unrivalled Megapixel, Almost no Options, hefty price tag.
0	poor battery life, not user friendly
0	poor battery lifespan, not user friendly
0	But it uses the battery!
0	But it barrage uses the battery!
0	It should have been designed thinner like the the rest of the newer Nokia phones.
0	It should of been Nokia thinner like the the rest have the newer designed phones.
1	compact size, ease of use, picture quality
1	compact size, ease of use, image quality
1	Very compact, tons of features, great picture quality even at the lower settings.
1	Very compact, stacks of features, great picture quality even at the small settings.
0	not colour screen
0	colour screen
1	Small, decent coverage. Not worth the price.
1	Small, decent. Not worth the price.
1	3X optical Zoom, 4X digital ZOom
1	3X optical, 4X digital ZOom
1	cheap, good quality, fast.
1	cheap, good fast, quality.
0	Color display is sometimes hard to see, camera button a little to easy to touch.
0	Color display sometimes hard to, camera button a little to easy touch.
1	Looks pretty, has extra functions
1	feeling pretty, has extra functions
1	Cheap, reliable
1	Cheap, 
0	poor picture quality...very poor
0	poor picture miserable quality...very poor
1	-MP3 Player
1	-Player MP3
1	Color screen, easy interface, great voice dialing
1	Color screen, concealment easy interface, great voice dialing
1	Excellent sound, good features
1	sound, good features
1	size!!!, easy to use, battery life
1	size!!!, shelling easy to use, battery life
1	unbelieveable quality on canon paper, super fast,excellent tonal range
1	quality on canon paper, super,excellent tonal range
1	Good if you are rich
1	Good rich you are if
0	bulky and kind of big, not as attractive as the other phones out there
0	bulky and kind of, not attractive as the other phones out there
1	easy to use
1	wanton to use
0	Yellowish Screen, Picture Noise, Bad Zoom Increments
0	Screen, Picture Noise, Bad Zoom Increments
0	slow color printing
0	color printing
1	Size,Durability, Looks, Technology
1	Size,, Looks, Technology
1	Versatility - fax, copy, scan with available scanner cartridge.
1	scan - fax, copy, Versatility with available scanner cartridge.
1	good size, well laid out controls
1	secure size, well laid out controls
1	large screen.
1	large.
1	Great stroller, comfortable, will last
1	Great stroller, comfortable, comfy will last
0	Price depreciation too fast
0	Price depreciation fast
0	very expensive ink jet cartridges.
0	very expensive ink fountain cartridges.
0	RAW format not supported in automatic modes.  No spotmeter.
0	format not supported in automatic modes.  No spotmeter.
1	Small, durable, easy functions.
1	Small, easy, durable functions.
1	Quite and Excellent for the money now that the price has dropped
1	Quite and Excellent for the splendid money now that the price has dropped
1	Easy to use, excellent quality photos.
1	Easy to use, excellent photos.
0	EVERYTHING
0	EVERYTHING
1	Small
1	Small
0	ink price
0	price ink
0	a little pricy, but not too bad
0	a little high-priced, but not too bad
1	Good price, Good quality, Dual Ink Cartridges
1	soundly price, Good quality, Dual Ink Cartridges
0	Don't have any at this time!
0	Don't have any at this sentence!
0	expensive accessories; voice command isn't very good
0	expensive accouterment; voice command isn't very good
1	Stylish, comfy for newborns and older kids, easy to clean.
1	Stylish, for newborns and older kids, easy clean.
0	everything else
0	else everything
1	Simple to use, print is very clear in black and color. 
1	Simple to use, print very in black and color. 
1	excellent value for the money
1	excellent appreciate value for the money
0	phone case
0	case
1	Inexpensive. Easy to Install. Small space required. Good quality.
1	Inexpensive. easygoing to Install. Small space required. Good quality.
1	Great web browsing!Decent internet speed depending on where u are.Overall AMAZING PDA!
1	Great vane browsing!Decent internet zip depending on where u are.Overall AMAZING PDA!
1	Great Camera.  Great pictures taken.  Large viewfinder.
1	Great Camera.  Large pictures taken.  Great viewfinder.
1	Small and compact. Looks nice. Works decent without hands free.
1	Small and compact. Looks nice. hands decent without Works free.
1	Good battery life
1	Good aliveness battery life
1	Low cost. Easy to set up. Plug and play. Very good photo printing quality.
1	Low cost. Easy to located up. Plug and shimmer. Very good photo printing quality.
1	image quality nothing short of excellent, good battery life, neat features
1	image quality excellent short of nothing, good battery life, neat features
1	Quick to print
1	Quick to quick print
0	Slow, poor flash results, complicated, expensive.
0	Slow, poor flash results, complicated,.
1	Great performance for the price
1	Great performance the for price
1	Very quiet
1	Very tranquilize
1	Great Home Printer, Image Quality on Glossy is Great!, Ease of Setup, Ink Cartridge Install is soo easy!
1	Great Home Printer, Image Quality is Great!, Ease of Setup, Ink Cartridge Install is soo!
1	Professional quality SLR, Interchangeable lenses, 6.5 Megapixel low-noise CMOS sensor, customized functions, metal body.
1	Professional quality SLR, character Interchangeable lenses, 6.5 Megapixel low-noise customize CMOS sensor, customized functions, metal body.
1	Quiet, Fast, Compact, Individual Color Ink Cartridges.
1	Quiet, Fast, Compact, Individual colourise Ink Cartridges.
0	Could be louder, high radiation level, battery life isn't impressive
0	flashy Could be louder, high radiation level, battery life isn't impressive
0	The PUPPY  Makes Tons Of  Noise! If You Care?
0	The PUPPY  score Tons Of  Noise! If You Care?
1	excellent quality and decent price
1	excellent lineament and decent price
1	Incredible photo quality and a great price.  Fast and easy.
1	Incredible photo quality and and great price.  Fast a easy.
0	Usually it doesn't
0	Usually it usually doesn't
0	low powered flash, snap door, durability, reliability
0	low powered flash, snap door, durability, shoot reliability
1	design, color screen, polyphonic, QWERTY pad, battery life, light, scroll/navigation button, speakerphone
1	design, color screen,, QWERTY pad, battery life, light, scroll/ button, speakerphone
1	Excellent quality borderless photos, affordable
1	quality borderless photos, affordable
0	expensive, not reliable, terrible customer care
0	expensive, not reliable, abominable customer care
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, reliable.
1	Inexpensive, inexpensive easy to use, reliable.
1	Easy to use, high quality
1	Easy to use, high calibre quality
1	size, design, functions, compatibility
1	size,, functions, compatibility
0	Quirks and bugs.  Quality degrades over time.  Speaker phone not the best.
0	Quirks and glitch.  Quality degrades over time.  Speaker phone not the near.
1	Price, Quality, Design, Easy to Use
1	Price, Quality, Design, Easy to 
0	No Analog, Shuts down once in while, software not upgradable
0	No Analog, Shuts down while in once, software not upgradable
1	Quality, ease of use, zoom
1	Quality, comfort of use, zoom
1	picture quality and battery power
1	picture quality and battery 
1	Large format picture perfect prints. Super fast.
1	Large picture perfect prints. Super fast.
1	relatively small footprint considering capabilities, easy to use, fast for an inkjet
1	relatively footprint small considering capabilities, easy to use, fast for an inkjet
1	Easy to handle, no flip front!
1	sluttish to handle, no flip front!
1	Small, Light, Attractive, Loaded with Features, Incredible Backlight
1	Small, Light, Attractive, incredible Loaded with Features, Incredible Backlight
1	awesome picture quality, 6x optical zoom, video mode, manual controls
1	awesome picture quality, 6x optical zoom, video mode, manual soar controls
0	None
0	None
1	Prints at the push of a button!
1	Prints drive at the push of a button!
0	Proprietary Battery, Poor RAW Software, Bulky, Lens Cap
0	Proprietary Battery, Software RAW Poor, Bulky, Lens Cap
1	Listed in review
1	Listed review in
1	Excellent color reproduction and fine detail reproduction, a lot of features, allows you store uncompressed images, USB interface
1	color reproduction and fine detail, a lot of features, allows you store uncompressed images, USB 
1	High quality, compact size, easy to maintain
1	High quality, size compact, easy to maintain
0	A lot of money for nothing, not much space, bad steering
0	A lot of money for nothing, not practically place, bad steering
1	compact, easy to set up, USB interface, good print quality
1	compact, quality to set up, USB interface, good print easy
1	Ease of use, importability of pictures into most any system
1	of use, of pictures into most any system
1	Sleek, Multiple rings, Good battery life
1	silken, Multiple rings, Good battery life
0	Drinks ink, clogs easily
0	ink, clogs easily
0	Expensive, basic features
0	Expensive, canonic features
0	pricey
0	pricey
1	Lots of Scene modes, great pictures outdoors
1	Lots of Scene great, modes pictures outdoors
0	last years model, more memory cards needed 
0	cards years model, more memory last needed 
0	2Mb memory, "small" paper cache (~100 sheets)
0	2Mb memory, "small" paper 100 (~cache sheets)
1	Model 1800 1.3mp. Nice pics, Sony CCD,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, Fast SmartMedia change. Battery economy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Model 1800 change.3mp. Nice pics, 1 Fast,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB, CCD SmartMedia Sony. Battery economy.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	small
1	belittled
1	Fantastic image quality
1	Fantastic quality image
0	Software conflict with HP scanner for me
0	Software conflict HP scanner for me
1	Very Clear, Large Phone Book, Lots of Ring Tones, Online Capablitity
1	Very Clear, Large Phone Book, deal of environ Tones, Online Capablitity
0	Some features of the phone are not available
0	Some features of available phone are not the
0	CD format is not compatible with all CD-ROM drives
0	candle format is not compatible with all CD-ROM drives
1	bang for the buck
1	bang for the sawhorse
1	Tri-mode, standard Nokia features (ring tones, etc.)&#13;&#10;
1	Tri-mode, standard Nokia features (pack tones, etc.)&#13;&#10;
0	OK camera, Gets hot!  A little loud
0	OK camera, go hot!  A little loud
1	can be used in over 120 countries, light, voice dialing, cool looks
1	can be used in over 120 countries, light, interpreter dialing, cool expression
1	Nice printing, somewhat fast
1	Nice passably printing, somewhat fast
0	Heavy to carry around....not really a pocket camera, control layout messy, stingy standard memory stick
0	to carry around.... really a pocket, control layout messy, stingy standard memory stick
1	Small size, great reception, ergonomic design, loaded with features.
1	Small size, great reception, ergonomic design, flush with features.
1	Very portable, very long battery life, easy to use.
1	Very portable, very long battery life, easy to.
0	The reception with ATT could be better. But its good enough.
0	The reception with ATT could be good. But its better enough.
0	Programing
0	programming Programing
0	a little slow and now black cartridge comes with it.
0	a little slow and now black cartridge comes ampere with it.
1	slim phone, looks really nice, great reception
1	reception phone, looks really nice, great slim
1	Beautiful color screen, compact, voice activated calling
1	Beautiful color screen, compact, voice activated ring
0	Slow at times, Steep learning curve
0	Slow At at times, Steep learning curve
0	medium quality image prior to enhancement
0	quality image prior to enhancement
0	none
0	none
0	The cases of the phone are limited in color.
0	The event of the phone are limited in color.
0	None
0	None
1	value, quality, easy installation
1	value, choice, easy installation
1	Inexpensive two cartridge system
1	Inexpensive cartridge system
0	Typical Nokia junk!
0	Nokia Typical junk!
1	Small, stylish, excellent signal reception, attention getter, light, customizable
1	Small,, excellent signal reception, attention getter, light, customizable
1	light weight + super slim = is it really in my pocket?
1	light weight + super slim = is it really in my slender pocket?
1	durable, lightweight, holds a charge all day
1	durable, lightweight, holds a charge all jackanapes day
1	Excellent 3 color display, easy to use, small, and light.
1	Excellent 3 color show display, easy to use, small, and light.
0	Cannot lock phone to prevent unauthorized use.
0	Cannot phone to prevent unauthorized use.
1	Instantly prints pictures on Polaroid film.
1	Instantly on pictures prints Polaroid film.
0	have not found any yet
0	have not chance any yet
1	Full featured, controls logically laid out, excellent image quality.
1	Full featured, controls logically laid out, excellent quality.
0	Annoying ring tones, which are often too loud. Can not feel vibrating in pocket.
0	Annoying ring tones, which are often too loud. commode not feel vibrating in sack.
0	zoom function severly decreases pic quality
0	zoom severly function decreases pic quality
0	Doesn't print as well on plain paper as some other printers
0	Doesn't print as well on plain paper as theme some other printers
1	It's 99.9% perfect
1	It's 99.9% hone perfect
0	Tiny little canopy.
0	canopy little Tiny.
0	Should have included an AC adapter and Case
0	Should have included an AC adapter and fount
1	Photo quality, power consumption, features, value. 
1	Photo power, quality consumption, features, value. 
1	Nice Camera young, it so tight!
1	Nice tight young, it so Camera!
1	Lightweight, convenient USB interface, MulitMediaCard slot
1	Lightweight, convenient interface USB, MulitMediaCard slot
1	Low price for so much. Lots of room.
1	Low price for so much. of room.
0	Expensive cartridges, lousy printing
0	Expensive cartridges, lousy print
1	Great printer for very few dollars
1	Great printer for very few 
0	Battery Life, Slow start up, Red-eye reduction not perfect, Customer Service
0	Battery Life, Slow start up, Red-eye beginning reduction not perfect, Customer Service
1	Lightweight
1	lightweight Lightweight
1	Cheap, Fast Printing, Cheap Maintenance, fast USB!
1	Cheap, Fast meretricious Printing, Cheap Maintenance, fast USB!
1	Excellent sound from earpiece; elegant design; beautiful (if not superlative) screen
1	Excellent from earpiece; elegant design; (if not superlative) screen
1	no film development, high quality, older generation camera = cheaper
1	no pic development, high quality, older generation camera = cheaper
0	Heavier than my normal 35mm camera.
0	camera than my normal 35mm Heavier.
0	Cost
0	Cost
0	Cannot accept alkaline batteries, small included memory card.
0	Cannot accept alkaline batteries, small included memory placard.
0	low resolution makes it a general purpose camera
0	low makes it a general purpose camera
0	Phone book, camera in dark/night conditions
0	book, camera in dark/night conditions
1	Bright clear display, loads of features, memory card
1	Bright clear display, loads features, memory card
1	Small size, magnesium body, professional settings, and an all-glass lens.
1	, magnesium body, professional settings, and an all-glass lens.
1	Relatively fast for a inkjet printer!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great Price,Refillable Cartridge available.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	amp fast for available inkjet printer!&amp;#13;&Relatively;#10;Great Price,Refillable Cartridge a.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Goes through batteries very fast
0	Goes through batteries very 
0	No zoom feature
0	No zoom boast
0	LCD gets nose smudges when looking through viewfinder
0	LCD engender nose smudges when looking through viewfinder
1	Different choice of covers
1	covers choice of Different
1	Very Fast, excellent text and image quality; Both full Cartridges included
1	Fast, excellent and image quality; Both full Cartridges included
1	VERY Fast, Reliable Printer
1	VERY Fast, Printer Reliable
0	none
0	none
0	Pricey.
0	pricy Pricey.
0	Phone shuts off unexpectedly, especially during calls. Sounds are static like
0	Phone shuts off unexpectedly, especially during calls. Sounds like
0	no
0	no
0	volume is too low. Needs more memory. Needs longer talking time. needs 1200 mAH.
0	volume is too gloomy. Needs more memory. Needs longer talking time. penury 1200 mAH.
1	Good stills, MPEG, light, convenient
1	Good stills, MPEG, light, 
0	NOt an all purpose but who cares?
0	NOt an all purpose but cares who?
1	Great inexpensive digital camera
1	swell inexpensive digital camera
1	Great print quality , 4 Individual ink cartridges , Large format capabilities , Good customer phone support
1	Great print quality , 4 ink cartridges , Large capabilities , Good customer phone support
1	This is a great camera
1	This is a bang-up camera
1	Nice slick camera.  Novelty to anyone who sees it.  Lots of neat features.
1	Nice slick camera.  Novelty to anyone who skillful sees it.  Lots of neat features.
0	Not reclining seat
0	Not non reclining seat
0	Doesn't ring loud enough
0	Doesn't gaudy ring loud enough
0	Basic, Ugly, uncomfortable , no color screen
0	Basic, slimy, uncomfortable , no color screen
1	Photo Quality.
1	photo Quality.
1	Photo quality excellent. Built in card readers. Can print without a PC.
1	Photo quality excellent. Built card readers. Can without a PC.
1	Very user friendly
1	Very user really friendly
1	Picture quality, portability
1	timber Picture quality, portability
0	No USB support.. only syrup-slow serial
0	No support.. only syrup-slow serial
0	Center Bar that supports folding handles breaks, it is a KNOWN design flaw
0	Center that folding handles breaks, it is a KNOWN design flaw
1	Awsome signal, exceptional battery life, light weight, small, & fun fun fun
1	Awsome signal, small battery life, light weight, exceptional, & fun fun fun
0	whoa there on that ink
0	whoa there on that ink
1	The phone to own!
1	The ring to own!
0	Minimal features
0	characteristic Minimal features
0	cost of ink cartridges
0	cost of ink pickup
0	Battery life; overall sound; upgradability
0	life; overall sound; upgradability
1	Great Pictures / Great Price / Easy to use.
1	Great photograph / Great Price / Easy to use.
1	Brand reputation, clear printing
1	reputation, clear printing
1	Small, lightweight, battery life
1	Small, lightweight, barrage life
1	Just wonderful
1	Just 
1	Small for a flip phone, dual LCD displays, sturdy, easy to use interface, includes headset
1	Small for a flip phone, dual LCD, sturdy, to use interface, headset
1	Good quality pictures and you can take a lot of them
1	Good quality pictures and you can take a lot them of
0	Software is slow and unresponsive at times, startup takes minutes
0	Software min is slow and unresponsive at times, startup takes minutes
1	Very compact, nice looks, external display, external LED, lotsa features
1	lotsa compact, nice looks, external display, external LED, Very features
1	10 Pages per minute black printing speed, 6 color
1	10 Pages per minute opprobrious printing speed, 6 color
1	good calling service, good features, more games, good graphics
1	good calling service, good features, more games, secure graphics
0	None!
0	none!
0	N/A
0	normality/A
0	$40 ink cartridges, but aren't they all these days?
0	$40 they cartridges, but aren't ink all these days?
0	A bit heavy with the 4 AA batteries loaded.
0	A bit heavy with the 4 AA batteries smashed.
0	no 8x10's, somewhat long term expensive
0	no 8x10's, somewhat term long expensive
0	Belt Clip accessory isn't comfortable
0	Belt accessory isn't comfortable
1	Several features
1	Several 
0	reception!, display quality, battery life
0	response!, display quality, battery life
1	It is very easy to use.  Takes a floppy disk to store pictures on.
1	It is very easy to use.  need a floppy disk to stock pictures on.
1	Vibrant color screen, tri mode, and 150% improvement!
1	Vibrant color screen, sort tri mode, and 150% improvement!
0	When used for photos ink runs out rather quickly.  
0	When used for photos quite ink runs out rather quickly.  
1	:  fast, vibrant colors, reliable, 
1	:  fast, vibrant reliable, colors, 
1	Good quality pictures, easy to use
1	to quality pictures, easy Good use
1	sturdy construction
1	construction
0	Too slow for larger work environments
0	Too slow likewise for larger work environments
1	seats two and steers easily
1	seats two manoeuver and steers easily
1	Beautiful look, easy navigation, slim
1	Beautiful, easy navigation, slim
0	Underwater housing does not allow full control, not as sharp as most 4 MP cameras
0	Underwater housing does not reserve full see, not as acute as most 4 MP cameras
0	Not always user-friendly, some problems with buttons not working. Lousy reception!!
0	user-friendly, some problems with buttons not working. Lousy reception!!
0	Maybe a little small for hubbies bigger fingers.
0	Maybe a bigger small for hubbies little fingers.
1	Easy to use and inexpensive
1	sluttish to use and inexpensive
1	Great images and flexibility. Long battery life.
1	Great prototype and flexibility. Long battery life.
0	None so far
0	far so None
1	great pictures, great price, easy to figure out
1	great pictures, great price, figure easy to figure out
1	If you use the walky talky feature...its free
1	If you use walky the talky feature...its free
1	Awesome for taking toddler with you to exercise!
1	Awesome tot for taking toddler with you to exercise!
1	Good, cheap, decent pictures, easy to use
1	Good, cheap, decent pictures, light to use
1	Great features, ease of use, nice lighting,etc
1	Great features, ease of enjoyment use, nice lighting,etc
1	Compact and very durable.  Quality of pictures are pretty good.  Nice screen to view pictures.
1	Compact and position very durable.  Quality of caliber pictures are pretty good.  Nice screen to view pictures.
1	Excellent print quality and color.  Cheapest, good quality photo inkjet on the market.
1	Excellent print quality and color.  Cheapest, good quality photo inkjet on.
1	Size, Looks, IR Modem, Global Roaming, Battery Life, Voice dialing, User Interface
1	Size, face, IR Modem, Global Roaming, Battery Life, vocalization dialing, User Interface
0	large size
0	size large
0	Occasional errors in communication with computer. Annoying voice.
0	Occasional errors in Annoying with computer. communication voice.
1	Small, Comes with A/C Adapter
1	Small, Comes with axerophthol/C Adapter
1	Inexpensive, sturdy, easy-fold, reclining(!)
1	Inexpensive, sturdy,, reclining(!)
1	Super sexy design. Beautiful screen. Bluetooth.
1	Super screenland sexy design. Beautiful screen. Bluetooth.
0	None, this is the 'perfect' sports stroller
0	None, this mutant is the 'perfect' sports stroller
0	I got what I paid for.
0	I one got what I paid for.
0	Horribly small storage basket
0	Horribly small storage basketful basket
0	no USB
0	no No USB
0	Unable to set shutter speed, LCD prone to attracting dust &amp; scratches
0	Unable to set shutter speed, prone to attracting dust &; scratches
1	price USB connection holds 32 exp tv cable included
1	price USB connection holds 32 exp tv cable 
0	kind of expensive, eats batteries like there is no tomorrow
0	kind, eats batteries like there is no tomorrow
1	Ultra high resolution, clear sharp pictures
1	Ultra high resolution, clear pictures
1	good price, good quality, good color
1	good damage, good quality, good color
0	ring volume, slow menu navigation, battery life
0	ring volume, menu navigation, battery life
1	Small enough to fit in your pocket
1	Small enough fit to in your pocket
0	Cartridge costs $34.00 +
0	34 costs $Cartridge.00 +
1	small, compact, good backlighting
1	small, compendious compact, good backlighting
1	Great quality photos fax scanner printer small light weight
1	Great small photos fax scanner printer quality light weight
1	- SMS communication
1	- SMS MSc communication
0	bulkier than other models
0	bulkier models other than
0	None yet...
0	yet...
1	Easy to use. Good Pictures. Easy to open on computer. Big LCD viewer.
1	Easy LCD use. Good Pictures. Easy to open on computer. Big to viewer.
0	Slow Start-up, sometimes oversaturated colors...
0	Slow Start-up, sometimes emblazon oversaturated colors...
1	many features, though superfluous
1	many feature, though superfluous
0	More features than I will likely use
0	More features than I will belike likely use
0	None.
0	None.
1	High quality images, optical zoom
1	quality High images, optical zoom
1	Small size, image quality, excellent construction, many features
1	Small size, image quality, first-class construction, many features
0	Some constructional flaws
0	Some some constructional flaws
0	Just read the review. 15 words max isn't enough to elaborate.
0	Just read the review. 15 words interpret max isn't enough to elaborate.
1	Easy to use, no waking baby up, big wheels
1	Easy to use, no waking up baby, big wheels
1	Advanced address book, easy menu navigation, lots of features for the price
1	Advanced address book, easy menu of, lots navigation features for the price
1	Includes a lot of features
1	Includes a lot of 
1	Cheap
1	loud Cheap
1	For an Experienced Shooter takes great pictures.
1	For an Experienced Shooter postulate great pictures.
1	Easy to use, even with little knowledge of digital cameras; clear, quality pictures
1	Easy to tone use, even with little knowledge of digital cameras; clear, quality pictures
1	All around versatile printer and, smart media card input.
1	All around versatile media and, smart printer card input.
1	I like the color and the features that it has. I like the speaker phone.
1	I like the color and the features that like has. I it the speaker phone.
1	decent photos
1	decent exposure photos
0	Slow or difficult low light focusing, Manual focus lag, No PC Socket?
0	Slow or focusing difficult low light focusing, Manual focus lag, No PC Socket?
1	easy to operate, good pictures
1	easy to pictures, good operate
1	can direct connect easily, tough
1	can head connect easily, tough
1	The printing quality is wonderful, especially when printing photos out on photo paper. 
1	The printing printing is wonderful, especially when quality photos out on photo paper. 
1	Price, Weight, Durability and performance
1	Price, weighting, Durability and performance
0	No neck strap, flash could be better
0	No neck cervix strap, flash could be better
0	1. slowwwwwww ----&amp;#13;&amp;#10;2. many annoying dialog windows---&amp;#13;&amp;#10;3. sucks on a network
0	1. slowwwwwww ----&amp;#13;&3;#10;2. many annoying dialog windows---&13;#amp;&amp;#10;amp. sucks on a network
0	shutter lag time 
0	shutter jug time 
0	Photos have poor contrast, saturation and brightness,, Very Noisy Paper Feed
0	Photos have poor contrast, saturation Paper brightness,, Very Noisy and Feed
0	Fair Image Quality (Compared to 35mm)
0	Fair Image Quality (Compared to compare 35mm)
0	Awful color quality, painfully slow, clunky and problematic
0	Awful color and, painfully slow, clunky quality problematic
1	Well lit screen, amazingly loud and clear reception, selection of ringers, easy to use interface
1	clear lit screen, use loud and Well reception, selection of ringers, easy to amazingly interface
1	Captures great photos, many features.
1	Captures photos great, many features.
1	size, photo quality, and flash card storage
1	size, photo, and flash card storage
1	Easy to use. Great pictures. Instructions easy to follow.
1	Easy to pictures. Great use. Instructions easy to follow.
0	1-sec delay image capture, availability of blank disks,
0	1-sec delay image beguile, availability of blank disks,
1	size, camera, flip style, easy to read/navigate.
1	size, camera, flip style, easy to navigate/read.
1	Small, Portable, Protects the lense while not in use, price
1	use, Portable, Protects the lense while not in Small, price
1	Well built, easy to handle, and takes great photos.
1	Well built, easy to, and takes great photos.
1	Good pics,easy to use
1	light Good pics,easy to use
0	None
0	none
0	NO OPTICAL ZOOM LENS
0	soar NO OPTICAL ZOOM LENS
0	no zoom; power usage issues
0	no zoom; power issues usage
1	Great display, great signal, nice design, GPRS, infrared port, Java
1	great display, great signal, nice blueprint, GPRS, infrared port, Java
0	No car kit, fragile
0	No car kit, delicate
1	Solid, basic analog cell phone
1	self-colored, basic analog cell phone
1	Very easy to use, good battery life, excellent reception.
1	Very easy to use, good battery life, reception excellent.
1	Great images, pocketable, fast and easy to use.
1	Great enjoyment images, pocketable, fast and easy to use.
0	Verizon's replacement user interface.
0	replacement user interface.
0	Fragile software, mediocre reception, low earpiece volume, hard-to-read display
0	Fragile earpiece, mediocre reception, low software volume, hard-to-read display
1	print speed
1	speed
0	too many options, do they know when enough is enough?
0	too many choice, do they eff when enough is enough?
1	PRICED RIGHT
1	PRICED right-hand
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, Quick Time video with sound, light-weight and compact
1	Quick, plug-n-play software, Idiot-proof Time video with sound, light-weight and compact
1	Able to adjust washout.  Great for familys with fair skinned children 
1	Able to clamber adjust washout.  Great for familys with fair skinned children 
1	Web Browsing, easy texting and emailing.
1	Browsing Web, easy texting and emailing.
0	not appropriate for action or macro photography
0	not conquer for action or macro photography
0	Bigger than "small" cell phones, uses Palm-style inverse backlighting
0	handsome than "small" cell phones, uses Palm-style inverse backlighting
1	Light stylish and easy to use.
1	Light stylish and gentle easy to use.
0	Customer service, warranty in the gray area
0	Customer service, warranty in the area
0	none
0	none
1	zoom, fast, size, design
1	fast, zoom, size, design
0	A little slow, cant save faxes to memory.
0	A little behind, cant save faxes to memory.
1	Great pictures, fast, features to allow tons of creativity that only an SLR can provide.
1	Great visualise, fast, features to reserve scads of creativity that only an SLR can provide.
0	The price, and its bulky
0	The toll, and its bulky
1	Ease of Use, Quality
1	of Use, Quality
0	picture close ups could be better, no thru lens viewing
0	picture close ups could better, no thru lens 
1	good picture quality, easy to use, works well with iPhoto on macs, uses SD media
1	good picture quality, easy to, works well with iPhoto on, SD media
1	cheap, easy to use
1	easy, cheap to use
0	Sub-par quality photos, small, easy-to-scratch finish
0	Sub-par quality photograph photos, small, easy-to-scratch finish
1	allows another small child to ride (without car seat attached)
1	allows another small child to seat (without car ride attached)
0	difficult to capture movement
0	difficult to movement
0	Reception is middle of road.  Better than most, but not as good as the best.
0	reception is middle of road.  Better than most, but not as practiced as the skilful.
1	excellent print quality, low noise, auto maintenance
1	excellent print quality, humiliated noise, auto maintenance
1	Picture quality, features, battery life, use of "standard" Sony parts - MemoryStick, battery, etc
1	Picture quality, features, battery life, use of "standard" Sony - MemoryStick,, etc
1	impressive macro capability, feature rich, really nice shots!
1	impressive macro capability, feature rich, telling really nice shots!
1	Tri-band, bluetooth, color screen, great battery life.
1	, bluetooth, color screen, great battery life.
1	Size.
1	size.
0	noisy, slow, expensive, print heads only available online
0	noisy, slow, slacken expensive, print heads only available online
0	cost of accessories, learning curve
0	cost of see accessories, learning curve
1	Very reliable, quiet, made to last, small footprint
1	Very reliable,, made to last, small footprint
1	Good memory function, snake, good call clarity, price
1	memory function, snake, good call clarity, price
1	Color quality is good, easy navigations through menus.
1	easy quality is good, Color navigations through menus.
0	Baby almost fell out of stroller onto a cement floor.
0	Baby almost fell out onto stroller of a cement floor.
0	None.
0	none None.
0	Just wish it has WAP...
0	Just wish it WAP has...
0	Camera, Internet too easy to get too by mistake
0	Camera, Internet too easy too get to by mistake
0	high ink useage, software is difficult to install properly on Win XP
0	high ink useage, software is XP to install properly on Win difficult
1	battery life, cheap, motorola, can drop from over 6 feet and wont break
1	battery life, cheap, motorola, can drop over 6 feet and wont 
1	Pros
1	professional
1	4-megapixel matrix, looks solid, convenient modification of focal length, universality, much features
1	4-megapixel matrix, looks solid, of focal length, universality, much features
1	Fast, Convenient, Uncomplicated
1	dissipated, Convenient, Uncomplicated
1	Manual flash, automatic exposure in six differend ways, cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Stores images to a floppy disk
1	Manual flash, automatic cheap in exposure differend ways, six&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Stores images to a floppy disk
1	Print Quality is good
1	Print good is Quality
0	Inconsistent picture quality
0	Inconsistent quality picture
1	Excellent quality pictures and small size.
1	Excellent quality scene and small size.
0	Shoots finished copies at you. Top load.
0	Shoots finished copies at Top. you load.
1	very easy to use
1	very sluttish to use
1	Great internal LCD; bright and colorful Easy-to-use menus
1	Great internal LCD; bright menus colorful Easy-to-use and
1	Many features, Easy to use!
1	Many features, Easy use to!
0	Price
0	cost
1	speed, $ for ink refills and price
1	speed, $ for ink refills hasten and price
1	Cushy, classy, comfortable 
1	Cushy, classy, well-off 
1	easy to hold, color-changing covers, light and impressive features.
1	easy to adjudge, color-changing covers, light and impressive features.
0	Plastic feels a little flimsy
0	Plastic feels a slight flimsy
0	Slow focus, poor focus doesn't match resolution, lens hood in the way.
0	Slow focus, poor focus doesn't match resolution, lens hood in inward the way.
1	Excellent sound quality, very thin and light, very stylish
1	sound quality, very thin and light, very stylish
1	None, period.
1	none, period.
1	would make a nice house for a family of mice
1	would attain a nice household for a family of mice
0	none
0	none
0	not USB, needs some extras
0	not USB, needs extras
0	no vibrate feature, no VM indicator
0	no feature, no VM indicator
1	Excellent print, exceptional color printing, quiet when printing,&amp; fast
1	Excellent placid print, exceptional color printing, quiet when printing,&amp; fast
0	Small buttons which could be troublesome for large fingers
0	Small buttons which could be troublesome for turgid fingers
0	Included belt clip, Hands Free is not so Hands Free
0	indeed Included belt clip, Hands Free is not so Hands Free
0	burr, no mp3 playback?
0	Burr, no mp3 playback?
0	Not immediately Mac compatible, no optical zoom, eats up batteries, buttons are hard to push
0	Not chuck immediately Mac compatible, no optical zoom, eats up batteries, ocular buttons are hard to push
0	Not good for close up or business work
0	Not good business close up or for work
0	Honestly have not encountered any
0	aboveboard have not encountered any
1	price
1	toll price
1	You can play games. Not much else
1	You can maneuver games. Not much else
0	Eats Batteries, No Zoom
0	No Batteries, Eats Zoom
0	large, expensive for individuals
0	big, expensive for individuals
0	Battery life
0	Battery 
1	Connectivity thru Bluetooth/Infrared; Elegant, sexy design; Battery life; Signal strenth and call volume; Pretty.
1	Connectivity thru Bluetooth/Infrared; graceful, sexy blueprint; Battery life; Signal strenth and outcry volume; Pretty.
0	It will cost you #200
0	It will be you #200
0	None
0	None
1	It is a very small and handy camera 
1	It is a very camera and handy small 
1	Low price for a kids starter camera
1	Low price for a kids starter appetizer camera
1	Stylish, small, large LCD.
1	Stylish, small, large.
1	Built in network, 16MB memory and two paper trays
1	Built in meshing, 16MB memory and two paper trays
1	Color display, durability, Nokia reputation
1	Color durability, display, Nokia reputation
1	Nice size, fast, nice features, nice photos and fairly long battery life...
1	Nice size, fast, nice battery, nice photos and fairly long features life...
0	Just a little awkward in the trunk.
0	Just a little awkward in inch the trunk.
0	Bulky. The con that can't be overcome. Cheesy ringtones.
0	Bulky. The con that can't be. Cheesy ringtones.
1	Easy to use, Fun
1	Easy to habituate, Fun
0	Runs Through Ink Rather Quickly; 
0	Runs Through Ink Rather; 
1	Size, GSM, usage profiles
1	profiles, GSM, usage Size
0	Can occasionally take some time to get the printouts.
0	Can occasionally take some to get the printouts.
1	fast, awesome picture quality, 6 separate ink cartridges, usb connection
1	picture, awesome fast quality, 6 separate ink cartridges, usb connection
1	simple to use
1	simple unproblematic to use
1	great, works great, runs great, everything
1	peachy great, works great, runs great, everything
0	None!
0	None!
1	durable, small. clarity
1	durable, clarity. small
0	Jams a lot; jams are difficult to re-start
0	Jams a lot; re-start are difficult to jams
0	cartridge may read empty when it is not
0	cartridge may read empty when it is whitethorn not
0	Price ($100), additional for case, voice activation features not practical
0	Price ($), for case, voice activation features not practical
1	lightweight and very reliable
1	lightweight very and reliable
1	Small & light, reception & sound clarity, battery life, external display, fast Internet
1	Small & light, reception & sound clarity, battery life, external display, Internet fast
1	Fastest general purpose inkjet around. Excellent output quality.
1	Excellent general purpose inkjet around. Fastest output quality.
1	Rugged, good looks, good battery, excellent reception.
1	Rugged, good looks, proficient battery, excellent reception.
0	Good GPS functions require additional fee, small screen , battery cover squirms when keys pressed
0	Good GPS functions require wriggle additional fee, small screen , battery cover squirms when keys pressed
1	Beautiful screen.
1	screen Beautiful.
1	It looks good and comes in a variety of colors
1	It looks thoroughly and comes in a variety of tinge
0	1) only 199 phone book entries 2)No built-in speakerphone? 3)VX6000 out there
0	1) only 199 phone book entries deuce 2)No built-in speakerphone? 3)VX6000 out there
1	Ease of handling and high resolution
1	Ease of handling and high 
1	Price, Speed, 7 Ink Tanks
1	Price, quicken, 7 Ink Tanks
0	Lack of Business Like Ring Tones
0	Lack of Business Like Ring want Tones
0	- Price tag ($800 - $900)  - Expense of virtually indispensable accessories
0	- Price tag ($800 - $900)  - Expense virtually indispensable accessories
0	Somewhat pricey, slow (but good) preview (histogram!), 1.6x effective focal length diminishes wide-angle lenses
0	somewhat pricey, dumb (but just) preview (histogram!), 1.6x effective focal length diminishes wide-angle lenses
1	Rugged, dependable, excellent photo quality, intuitive and easy interface with PC.
1	Rugged, dependable, excellent photo quality, PC and easy interface with intuitive.
1	Sharp, forgiving (exposure.), easy to operate
1	Sharp, forgiving (exposure.), easy to run
1	Great features, Excellent Voice Clarity, fashoniable, and light.
1	neat features, Excellent Voice Clarity, fashoniable, and light.
0	Special battery type, external charger, flash is weak
0	Special battery type, external charger, flash is 
0	Ringer Volume, weak antenna, buttons not working
0	Ringer Volume, not antenna, buttons weak working
1	The keyboard is really the only good thing.
1	The keyboard is really the only very good thing.
0	Non-upgradeable, lack of space
0	, lack of space
1	Rugged, good looking, nice LCD display, reasonable on batteries, smartcard media is handy
1	Rugged, good looking, nice LCD, reasonable on batteries, smartcard media handy
1	Smaller and Lightweight
1	modest Smaller and Lightweight
0	Optical Viewfinder Is Not Accurate For Close Ups, No Uncompressed Capture Mode
0	Optical Viewfinder Is Not Accurate For Close Ups, No Uncompressed up Capture Mode
1	extremely compact; Web-enabled; can set rings; voice activated; durable; standard jacks
1	extremely compact; Web-enabled; can situated band; voice activated; durable; standard jacks
1	External caller ID, Voice Dialing, FM Stereo Radio, VoiceNote voice Recorder, Compactness
1	External caller ID, dial Voice Dialing, FM Stereo Radio, VoiceNote voice Recorder, Compactness
1	Still working wonderfully after 4 years.  Has good print quality and is simple to operate.
1	year Still working wonderfully after 4 years.  Has good print quality and is simple to publish operate.
0	Battery stays charges for 60 minutes when used.
0	Battery stays send for 60 minutes when used.
1	Vibrates, IR capable, Internet ready, clear view screen, clarity of conversation great, Many great features!
1	, , Internet ready, clear view screen, clarity of conversation great, Many great features!
1	Size, look, durability and direct connect.
1	Size, look, and durability direct connect.
0	None to Mention
0	None to 
0	none as of yet
0	none as yet of
1	Key lock, great volume, good battery life
1	Key lock, great volume, good discover battery life
1	Great Pictures, Great time saver
1	nifty Pictures, Great time saver
1	easy to use, affordable, good quality digital pictures
1	easy to scene use, affordable, good quality digital pictures
1	clear images, not to loud
1	crystallize clear images, not to loud
0	Fails when trying to fill a 256MB SD card with content (still and/or video).
0	Fails when video to fill a 256MB SD card content with (still and/or trying).
0	slips out of hands occasionally, lacks all the latest features of nowaday phones
0	slips the of hands occasionally, lacks all out latest features of nowaday phones
0	none so far
0	so none far
1	Ease of Use, Picture Quality
1	Ease of Quality, Picture Use
1	print results are very good for a $100 model.  we use-it with our digital camera.
1	print resultant results are very good selfsame for a $100 model.  we use-it with our digital camera.
1	lightweight
1	whippersnapper lightweight
0	None 
0	None 
1	Small,  easy to use with quality pictures
1	pictures,  easy to use with quality Small
1	Nice design, all the basic features included, clear sound
1	Nice design, all the basic features sound, clear included
0	Photo Ink is VERY expensive
0	photograph Ink is VERY expensive
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
0	Flimsy features, bigger phone than most, some appearance useless
1	Easy to use feature loaded.
1	Easy loaded use feature to.
1	3 Mpixel CCD, excellent zoom lense, outsanding picture quality in auto mode.
1	3 Mpixel CCD, auto zoom lense, outsanding picture quality in excellent mode.
1	Super Easy of use, good value for the money,  takes good quality pictures
1	Super Easy of use, good value for money,  takes good pictures
0	Miniscule(very tiny), odd-shaped and illegible keys.  Mediocre sound and reception. No Screen Zoom.
0	Miniscule(very tiny), odd-shaped and illegible keys.  Screen sound and reception. No Mediocre Zoom.
0	Uses too much ink, poor black text when using color cartridge, feeds paper poorly
0	text too much ink, poor black Uses when using color cartridge, feeds paper poorly
1	Reception, reception (two antennas), data capabilities, Nokia support
1	Reception, reception (two antennas), capabilities, Nokia support
1	endless fun for the spy mentality
1	endless fun for the wit spy mentality
0	Small Standard Memory Stick
0	Small received Memory Stick
1	reclines fully, adjustable wheels and handle direction
1	reclines fully, wheels and handle direction
0	Format compatibility - issues with EPS files
0	compatibility Format - issues with EPS files
0	Expensive cartridges, flimsy input tray.
0	Expensive cartridges, tray input flimsy.
1	Easy to use, nice size camera.
1	Easy to use, nice camera.
1	great for copying pictures
1	great pictures copying for
1	Compact, stylish, good buttons, great screen clarity, external window
1	stylish, Compact, good buttons, great screen clarity, external window
0	High printer cost means printer is not for everybody, can hog large amounts of CPU time leading to CPU hang time...  you may need to wait for medium to complex jobs to finish printing on low to medium range computers
0	High printer cost means printer is not for everybody, can average hog large amounts publish of CPU time leading to CPU publish hang time...  impression you may need to wait for medium to complex jobs to finish printing on low to medium range computers
0	No viewfinder and memory stick.
0	viewfinder No and memory stick.
1	Size, Sound, Internet Ready, Signal Strength
1	Strength, Sound, Internet Ready, Signal Size
0	CompactFlash compartment; very hard to get the memory back out.
0	CompactFlash; very hard to get memory back out.
1	Fast, no jamming, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for that matter
1	Fast, no ram, inexpensive ink, inexpensive pressman for that matter
0	Features (read Internet) require extra fees.
0	Features (Internet read) require extra fees.
1	GPS 911, great sound, loud ringtone, compact
1	GPS 911, great ringtone, loud sound, compact
0	difficult to set up and understand.  jams a little often
0	difficult to up and understand.  jams little often
1	Clear crisp printing. Very affordable.
1	rattling Clear crisp printing. Very affordable.
1	small,very high quality pictures,great at time exposure, very good micro
1	small,very high quality pictures,great time exposure, good micro
1	Tiny size, good clip, nice array of features, great battery life.
1	Tiny size, good clip, nice array features, great battery.
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
1	Single charger headset both phone and bluetooth for.  Good keypad.
1	comparable to higher priced models
1	comparable to price higher priced models
0	Battery life is short if you keep using camera feature
0	feature life is short if you keep using camera Battery
1	This phone is small, a unique color, and has a nice color screen.
1	This phone is small, unique a color, and has a nice color screen.
0	Belt clip case lasted only 4 months, keypad,
0	Belt cause clip case lasted only 4 months, keypad,
0	Buggy web browser, buggy battery meter
0	Buggy entanglement browser, buggy battery meter
0	Battery Life
0	Battery lifetime
1	lightweight compact design, ease of use
1	lightweight compact design, ease of exercise
0	dark, blury digital image prints
0	dark, blury digital simulacrum prints
1	Small size, attractive design
1	little size, attractive design
0	Does not come with AC adaptor, zoom makes images a little fuzzy
0	Does come with adaptor, zoom makes images a little fuzzy
0	Menu system can get confusing, phone has to be on for PDA, camera to work.
0	whoremonger Menu system can get confusing, phone john has to be on for PDA, camera to work.
0	Large, heavy, Long restart from Suspend
0	Large, heavy, Long Suspend from restart
0	Expensive cartridges-use refill ink
0	Expensive refill ink
1	Great pictures, lens, features, best (for now)
1	neat pictures, lens, features, best (for now)
1	Cheap, Easy to use, quite Pretty in shape
1	Cheap, in to use, quite Pretty Easy shape
0	Older phone so therefore it does not have a color display screen.
0	Older headphone so therefore it does not have a color display sort.
0	has 'locked' or 'stuck' twice
0	has 'locked' or 'stuck' double twice
0	Speaker volume is a bit low, and buttons are small. No Mac compatibility.
0	talker volume is a bit Low, and buttons are small. No Mac compatibility.
0	I was really surprised with the lack of speed and unacceptable print quality
0	I was really surprised with truly the lack of speed and unacceptable print quality
0	Had to load the print driver three times before it worked properly.
0	Had load the print three times before it worked properly.
0	Mind-bendingly expensive, for the obsessed only.
0	Mind-bendingly expensive, for the only.
0	Discontinued in most stores
0	Indiana Discontinued in most stores
1	compact, VERY USER FRIENDLY, customer support
1	compact, VERY USER FRIENDLY, customer 
1	Awesome Photo Quality, Great Features, Movie Mode, Advanced Camera Features
1	Awesome Photo lineament, Great Features, Movie Mode, Advanced camera Features
0	Doesn't work well with plain paper and uses a lot of ink
0	Doesn't of well with plain paper and uses a lot work ink
0	Battery life
0	barrage Battery life
0	no extra filters or lenses for this camera
0	no extra percolate filters or lenses for this camera
0	screen is hard to see w/o backlight, thick. Area codes needed.
0	screen is tough to attend w/o backlight, thick. Area codes needed.
0	Expensive, not many "extra" features.
0	Expensive, not special many "extra" features.
0	Bad manual, doesn't fit my ear!
0	Bad manual, doesn't fit my uncollectible ear!
0	Has a few problems in low light conditions on automatic. Small 8meg card
0	Has a problems in low light conditions on automatic. Small card
1	Laser quality @ non-laser price!
1	price quality @ non-laser Laser!
0	toner consumption
0	intake toner consumption
0	Noise, prone to jams, feeds extra sheets
0	Noise, prone to jams, extra sheets
1	Nice Olympus camera with good zoom capability and it can print too!
1	Olympus camera with good zoom capability and it can too!
0	low dpi, Prints slow, Un-reliable
0	low dpi, Un-reliable slow, Prints
0	none
0	none
0	Doesn't work. Screen flickers. Calls are randomly disconnected.
0	arbitrarily Doesn't work. Screen flickers. Calls are randomly disconnected.
1	Compact size, zoom, and great pictures
1	surge Compact size, zoom, and great pictures
1	friendly
1	favorable
1	Very comfortable to use, CDR storage feature is wonderful, good picture quality. 
1	Very comfortable to fantastic use, CDR storage feature is wonderful, good picture quality. 
1	Great multifunction capability, media slots, great prints &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Great multifunction capability, media, great &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	HAVE TO HOLD THE PHONE DIRECTLY OVER THE EAR TO HEAR WELL!
0	HAVE TO HOLD THE PHONE DIRECTLY OVER straightaway THE EAR TO HEAR WELL!
0	cheap casing, 16MB card
0	cheap, 16MB card
0	Large, a little noisy, no power save mode.
0	Large, a noisy, no power save mode.
1	Affordable, quick, stylish and, most importantly, great photo printing. Can't beat it for the price.
1	Affordable, price, stylish and, most importantly, great photo printing. Can't beat the for it quick.
1	Looks cool
1	flavor Looks cool
1	 Relatively Low Cost, quality pictures, easy to use.
1	 Relatively Low Cost, quality pictures, function easy to use.
0	heavy, a bit bulky
0	a, heavy bit bulky
1	Great print quality, ease of setup, ease of use.
1	Great print calibre, ease of setup, ease of use.
0	static-filled reception indoors, echoing when on calls to a digital phone, prone to software problems.
0	static-filled reception indoors, echoing when reception on calls to response a digital phone, prone to software problems.
1	Alarm, stop watch, ect.
1	Alarm, watch, ect.
1	great quality, ink lasts long good price
1	great quality, ink lasts long estimable price
0	hard on batteries, slow recovery time, limited manual mode.
0	hard on manual, slow recovery time, limited batteries mode.
1	small, reliable and you can change colors to fit any mood!
1	small, you and reliable can change colors to fit any mood!
0	Buggy software drivers.
0	Buggy bats software drivers.
0	CUSTOMER SERVICE
0	CUSTOMER serving
0	Takes terrible quality pictures
0	pictures terrible quality Takes
1	How about a 6X optical zoom!!!
1	How about a 6X optical roughly zoom!!!
0	slow
0	tedious slow
1	small, compact convenient
1	, compact convenient
1	A very classy and high performing phone
1	A very classy and high phone performing
1	One device to carry, good features, well-integrated phone and PDA features.
1	phone device to carry, good features, well-integrated One and PDA features.
1	Easy to operate, 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy, 10X zoom
1	Easy to operate, trinity.5&amp;quot; Floppy, 10X whizz
1	Price, new technology, great prints&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	, new technology, great prints&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	batteries dont last long
0	dont batteries last long
1	Lots of cool features
1	features of cool Lots
1	excellent clear sound
1	excellent clear 
0	camera gets into its own way
0	camera puzzle into its own way
1	Cheap, has printer/scanner/fax all in one unit
1	Cheap, has printer/scanner/fax all in unit
1	ease in transfer to laptop
1	ease in laptop to transfer
0	Poor text quality... and only marginal color photo printing.
0	Poor bare text quality... and only marginal color photo printing.
1	generous amount of ink at cheap price.
1	generous amount ink at cheap price.
1	Smokes competition
1	weed competition
0	battery life, optical zoom, software is lacking
0	battery life, optical zoom, software is miss
1	useful, several machines in one, no problems
1	one, several machines in useful, no problems
0	hard to download rings
0	hard unvoiced to download rings
1	quiet, quality, efficient
1	restrained, quality, efficient
0	signals, clearity, and many others
0	signals, clearity, others many and
1	Easy to use, great results...a perfect first digital camera
1	Easy inaugural to use, great results...a perfect first digital camera
0	USB problems, Problems powering up, didn't operate properly
0	USB problems, Problems powering operate, didn't up properly
0	Battery life, battery life, more memory
0	life Battery, battery life, more memory
0	durability, quality
0	quality, durability
0	paper jams sometimes and doesn't load straight
0	paper jams sometimes and doesn't lading straight
1	Easy to use, great pictures, good price
1	to use, great pictures, good price
1	Small, Stylish, Wireless Web
1	Small, Stylish, Wireless network
0	Software not as intuitive as it could be. 
0	not as intuitive as it could be. 
0	print speed
0	print accelerate
1	Looks, style, feature packed, quad band, changeable faceplates, bluetooth
1	bluetooth, style, feature packed, quad band, changeable faceplates, Looks
0	Cost
0	Cost
0	The noise when printing (very quiet when not)
0	The when printing (very quiet when not)
1	This camera contours nicely to your hand and can take high quality pictures.
1	This camera contours nicely to your hand can high quality pictures.
1	Very Small
1	Very 
0	slow fixed focus lens (=average image quality), no optical zoom, no tripod mount
0	slow fixed focus lens (=image average quality), no optical zoom, no tripod mount
1	small, light, good on batteries
1	small, light, good batteries
1	Construction, stability, size, appearance, versatility
1	Construction, stability, size, versatility, appearance
0	Price
0	toll Price
0	No video output, combined media card/battery compartment, menu driven operation  &amp;#13;&amp;#10; 
0	nobelium video production, blend media card/battery compartment, menu driven operation  &amp;#13;&amp;#10; 
1	Great image quality, pocketability, canon quality
1	canon image quality, pocketability, Great quality
1	Easy to ues &amp; download,nice screen &amp; zoom, erase unwanted pics
1	slowly to ues &amp; download,nice screen &amp; zoom, erase unwanted photograph
0	LCD smears
0	LCD slur
1	Prints clearly, easy to use, easy to load the paper into.
1	Prints clearly, easy to use, easy paper load the to into.
1	Tons of features. Simple to use!
1	Tons of features. Simple loads to use!
1	Great functions, easy to install, fills it purpose.
1	slap-up functions, easy to install, fills it purpose.
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	flexible, rugged, high quality
1	flexible,, high quality
1	Small size, lightweight
1	size, lightweight
1	Price
1	terms
0	Low Volume, drops calls, difficult to find accessories, tiny keypad, case comes apart to easily
0	Low, drops, difficult to find accessories, tiny keypad, case comes to easily
1	It makes a good door stop
1	It pretend a good door stop
1	Good Quality Print, Inexpensive Purchase Price, Inexpensive Ink Cartridges
1	Good Quality Print, Inexpensive Purchase Price, Inexpensive publish Ink Cartridges
0	Flash too bright, not great for indoor photos.
0	Flash too, not great for indoor photos.
0	sometimes difficult to operate complicated tasks
0	sometimes difficult complicated operate to tasks
1	Incredibly versatile; ergonomically perfect; easy to use and navigate; very durable.
1	sail Incredibly versatile; ergonomically perfect; easy to use and navigate; very durable.
0	Can't store calling cards in it.
0	Can't store holler cards in it.
1	Durability/ Ease of Use/ Good Quality photos
1	Durability/ Ease of Quality/ Good Use photos
1	Excellent for college! Perfect size, durability, phonebook w/voice identification, PRICE, overall quality.
1	Excellent for college! gross size, durability, phonebook w/vocalization identification, PRICE, overall quality.
0	Don't lose the manual, you WILL need a larger memory card and rechargable batteries
0	Don't lose and manual, you WILL need a larger memory card the rechargable batteries
0	Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
0	Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone intention freezes and lags at times
0	Picture quality isn't that good, cheap design and construction, no flash makes lighting necessary
0	and quality isn't that good, cheap design Picture construction, no flash makes lighting necessary
0	cost on the upper end of models
0	cost on the upper ending of models
1	Great style, solid built, easy to navigate.
1	Great style, solid built, easy to voyage.
1	Stylish, easy operation &amp; transmission to computer.
1	Stylish, easy operation &to; transmission amp computer.
0	Lack of features, dull and dreary, fat and boring.
0	Lack of dark features, dull and dreary, fat and boring.
0	Will let you know how patient you aren't
0	Will let you how patient you aren't
1	Voice dialing, voice recording, sturdy
1	Voice dialing, sturdy recording, voice
1	Photo Quality, Easy to Use, Lightweight
1	Photo Quality, Easy Use to, Lightweight
1	Lightweight, clear calls
1	Lightweight, crystallise calls
0	Can't think of one
0	Can't think one of
1	Easy to use with excellent results.
1	Easy to with excellent results.
1	Very small, takes great pictures, rechargeable battery.
1	Very rechargeable, takes great pictures, small battery.
0	none
0	none
0	Type-1 flash-card, only 8MB card included, pricey
0	Type-1 flash-card, 8MB card included, pricey
1	Bring anywhere, cute (people love it), fast (with small memory card) in bright light.
1	Bring anywhere, cute (people it), fast ( small memory card) in bright light.
1	Great Photo maker and two-sided printing.
1	Great Photo maker and two-sided.
1	Fast, quality pictures, great color and ease of use
1	tinge Fast, quality pictures, great color and ease of use
0	Lens should have an automatic cover.
0	Lens should have an reflexive cover.
1	Really great stroller
1	Really great 
1	Works Well In Average Light Rooms.
1	Well Works In Average Light Rooms.
1	Superb images of all types. Cartridges are a good value.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Superb images of all types. Cartridges are a 10 value.&amp;#13;&amp;#good;
0	Not nearly the efficiency of much more expensive laser printers.  Again, consider overall value.
0	Not nigh the efficiency of much more expensive laser printers.  Again, conceive overall value.
0	Digital zoom, AC adapter plug in location.
0	Digital zoom, AC adapter plug in soar location.
0	Not many choices feature wise
0	Not many choices feature impudent
0	No A/C Adapter
0	No A/ Adapter
0	Choppy videos, Interface sometimes slow or freezes up, Camera drains battery
0	Choppy videos, Interface sometimes slow or freezes interface up, Camera drains battery
1	Quality, Speed
1	Speed, Quality
0	durability, small hard-to-use buttons
0	small, durability hard-to-use buttons
0	Screen can be difficult in full daylight; Joystick occasionally sticks if manhandled excessively; Sub-par camera.
0	daylight can be difficult sticks full Screen; Joystick occasionally in if manhandled excessively; Sub-par camera.
1	Palm OS, functionality, flexibility
1	medal OS, functionality, flexibility
0	steep learning curve, no USB transfer
0	steep No learning curve, no USB transfer
0	Signal strength, sound, Samsung support, Battery life
0	Signal life, sound, Samsung support, Battery strength
0	cant print high quality  true to life pictures
0	cant print high quality  true to life 
1	Nice multimedia/graphics & good sound.  Compact clamshell design.
1	Nice multimedia/graphics & good sound.  Compact clamshell contrive.
0	Expensive, large!
0	Expensive, heavy!
0	The ... printing feature, the cartridges, and it doesn't work anymore.
0	The ... anymore feature, the cartridges, and it doesn't work printing.
0	Pictures are very grainy and seem out of focus
0	Pictures are very coarse-grained and seem out of focus
1	Small, light, navigable menu system, good battery life
1	Small, light, navigable menu system, good battery 
1	Beautiful output!
1	beautiful Beautiful output!
1	software is pretty good
1	good is pretty software
1	Reception! Reception! Reception! Simple interface. Large antenna. Inexpensive.
1	Reception! Reception! Reception! Simple interface. heavy antenna. Inexpensive.
1	worldwide phone number, GSM roaming "just works
1	phone number, GSM roaming "just works
1	Easy Installation, Fast
1	Fast Installation, Easy
0	None that I've found
0	None that I've constitute
0	Requires time to learn using all the functions
0	Requires time to all using learn the functions
1	compact and easy to carry
1	compact to easy and carry
0	The shutter lag is too long.  LCD display is misleading.
0	The shutter lag is too long.  is misleading.
0	slow, poor quality camera, lousy usability
0	slacken, poor quality camera, lousy usability
0	Battery EATER, USB problems, no ac adapter, Manual on CD
0	Battery EATER, problem USB problems, no ac adapter, Manual on CD
0	just alittle pricey but worth it!
0	just alittle costly but worth it!
0	Way to many features to learn fast!
0	Way to many features to memorize fast!
0	Delicate, don't drop or let water get in contact with it
0	Delicate, don't or let water get in contact it
1	Easy to use,  Readily available film, Great viewer, ability to take MPEGs,  durable
1	Easy to looker use,  Readily available film, Great viewer, ability to take MPEGs,  durable
1	Price, quality of printing
1	cost, quality of printing
0	Only available in GSM (but, I really like GSM)
0	Only available really GSM (but, I in like GSM)
1	8X Nikkor Zoom, five megapixel resolution, uncompressed RAW &amp; TIFF images, 
1	8X Nikkor Zoom, RAW megapixel resolution, uncompressed five &amp; TIFF images, 
1	Small, extra covers are cheap, AIM access
1	Small, extra cost covers are cheap, AIM access
1	4 Megapixels. Movie mode. Great pictures!
1	4 Megapixels. Movie mode. Great quartet pictures!
0	Blurry pictures, battery dies ---&gt; picture lost,  
0	Blurry pictures, battery dies ---&picture; gt lost,  
0	awkward to hold
0	awkward to prevail
0	Loud start-up, somewhat noisy
0	Loud start-up, somewhat garish noisy
1	print quality, price, USB connectivity
1	impress quality, price, USB connectivity
1	Price
1	toll
1	Battery life, camera, clarity, memory slot
1	Battery life, camera, clarity, memory 
1	sharp, clear photographs
1	sharp, photographs clear
1	great camera awesome resolution, zoom.
1	great zoom awesome resolution, camera.
1	Free, looks cool, alot of features
1	Free, looks cool, alot of boast features
1	Ethernet capable, fast, high resolution output
1	Ethernet capable, fast, resolution output
1	light, great maneuvering, cleans
1	light, great, cleans
0	no voice calling, no profiles
0	no no calling, voice profiles
0	heavy ink consumption
0	ink heavy consumption
0	It does &lt;B&gt;not&lt;/B&gt; come with a printer cable - you need to supply your own.
0	It does &lt;&gt;not&;/B&gt; come a printer cable - need to supply your own.
1	Can use it anywhere nation-wide with clarity
1	Can use it anywhere with nation-wide clarity
1	takes wonderful pictures
1	takes wonderful get pictures
1	Fast zoom, autofocus, progress indicator on-screen.
1	Fast whizz, autofocus, progress indicator on-screen.
0	Battery could last a little longer
0	Battery could last a longer little
1	High quality,easy, and quiet
1	High quality,well-off, and quiet
1	Compact, Lightweight, Quality Printing
1	Compact, Quality, Lightweight Printing
1	Metal case (durable), more than adequate resolution, long battery life, light weight
1	weight case (durable), more than adequate resolution, long battery life, light Metal
1	Great sound. Small and light weight. Good photos.
1	Great sound. Small and light weight. photos.
1	3.1 megapixel, never need film again (process your own pictures), excellent user guide.
1	III.1 megapixel, never need film again (process your own image), excellent user guide.
1	Sometimes it takes decent pictures
1	Sometimes it necessitate decent pictures
0	short battery life
0	unforesightful battery life
1	Great Name
1	capital Name
1	Movie mode; sepia &amp; B&amp;W, user-friendly, optical zoom, rechargable batteries
1	boron Movie mode; sepia &amp; B&amp;W, user-friendly, optical zoom, rechargable batteries
0	Only 2X zoom, a little sluggish
0	2X zoom, a little sluggish
1	LCD, 4x zoom, Fast boot
1	LCD, 4x zoom, profligate boot
0	pricey flash cards
0	flash pricey cards
1	small size, ease of use
1	small size, ease use
0	Warm up time
0	Warm ardent up time
0	expensive cartrages
0	cartrages
0	Largish body, small LCD panel.
0	Largish body, small minuscule LCD panel.
0	Camera picture quality, didn't come with a belt clip
0	Camera quality, didn't come with a belt clip
0	USB communication problem, more related to my computer than the camera.
0	USB communication problem, more communicating related to my computer than the camera.
0	keypad lock doesn't work when phone is off (i.e. keep from turning phone on)
0	keypad ringlet doesn't oeuvre when phone is off (i.e. keep from release phone on)
0	Menus a little slow at times.
0	Menus a little slow sentence at times.
1	Small size, phenomenal standby time, PIN feature
1	Small size, phenomenal standby time, peg feature
1	light, great phone call quality, good camera quality, hi-res screen, memory expandable
1	light, great phone call quality, good camera character, hi-res screen, storage expandable
1	Speed, price
1	, price
0	Shutter lag, cant see through LCD/EVF in the dark.
0	Shutter see, cant lag through LCD/EVF in the dark.
1	Price, ease of use, photo quality
1	Price, ease of use, photo lineament quality
1	Good quality prints. 6 separate ink tanks saves ink costs.
1	Good tanks prints. 6 separate ink quality saves ink costs.
0	none
0	none
1	Clear and loud ringtones, bright colorful screen, long battery life
1	Clear and ringtones, bright colorful, long battery life
0	Lens cover/spring works funny
0	Lens cover/spring works risible
0	Once Camera is turned off you have to reset parameters.
0	Once Camera is grow off you have to readjust parameters.
1	Easy use, pretty good resolution and zoom, movie mode
1	Easy use, good resolution and zoom, movie mode
1	Great quality for the money, new desktop wallpaper everyday if you like.
1	quality for the money, new wallpaper everyday if you like.
1	Quick Printing, Easy Set up, Great on screen help
1	Quick Printing, Easy Set up, smashing on screen help
1	Great size, good battery life, rings or vibrates.
1	Great size, battery life, rings or vibrates.
1	Affordable
1	low-priced
1	Great quality photo printing
1	photo quality Great printing
0	Looks and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	Looks see and feels cheap, talk time less than promised, battery meter is deceptive
0	Why do I get this random form feed?
0	get do I Why this random form feed?
1	Solid construction. Able to switch handle to face child or child to face forward
1	Solid construction. Able to switch OR handle to face child or child to face forward
1	Super-small and super-cool; web-enabled
1	super-cool and Super-small; web-enabled
0	price, not as durable as it could be
0	price, not as durable as it could damage be
1	Durable, inexpensive.
1	Durable,.
0	Uses a lot of battery power
0	shelling Uses a lot of battery power
1	easy to use; good price; great pictures; good software; LCD viewfinder
1	to use; good price; great pictures; software; LCD viewfinder
0	mesh basket too small, frame feels wobbly
0	finger mesh basket too small, frame feels wobbly
0	glitches- power shut off, phone lag, volume inconsistency), large size can be a pain.
0	glitches- power shut off, large lag, volume inconsistency), phone size can be a pain.
1	nice looking, small size, speed, rechargeable batteries, ease of use, takes movies
1	nice looking, small size, speed, rechargeable batteries, ease of use, takes employment movies
1	-$100 cost!!!, lightweight, small, clear sounding, feature rich phone
1	-$price 100 cost!!!, lightweight, small, clear sounding, feature rich phone
0	screen hard to read in sunlight
0	screen hard inward to read in sunlight
1	Nice screen, good volume and clarity.
1	Nice overnice screen, good volume and clarity.
1	Good reception, Excellent battery life, well designed
1	Good reception, Excellent battery life, designed well
0	wish the zoom was better and bettery life could be better
0	wish the zoom was better and bettery safe life could be better
0	Blurry Photos With No Memory Card 
0	Blurry retentivity Photos With No Memory Card 
1	Easy to use. Great, intuitive menus.  Rugged, hardy design.
1	Easy to use. Great, intuitive design.  Rugged, hardy menus.
0	Few software problems.
0	package Few software problems.
0	The instruction manual is a little vague in some sections.
0	The instruction is a vague in some sections.
1	Pretty, cheap, doesn't jam, and cheap
1	Pretty, cheap, doesn't hole jam, and cheap
0	A little sensitive to shaking when taking detail sensitive photos.  Tripod would be recommended.
0	A little sensitive to shaking taking detail sensitive photos.  would be recommended.
1	Fast, Quiet, Easy to use, no jams so far
1	Fast, serenity, Easy to use, no jams so far
1	Large enough so you can actually see and push the buttons
1	Large enough so you can actually see and thusly push the buttons
1	Ultra lightweight and compact, easy to use and awesome clarity.
1	Ultra and compact, easy use and awesome clarity.
1	Has Camera, Text Messaging, Digital & Analog Band capable, Voice Memo Recording.
1	Has Camera, Text Messaging, capable & Analog Band Digital, Voice Memo Recording.
1	Ease of use, low cost
1	Ease of use, cost low
0	Learning curve is steep for advanced features.  Lens cap not attached.  Worthless software package.
0	Learning characteristic curve is steep for advanced features.  Lens cap not attached.  Worthless software package.
1	speed, quality
1	select speed, quality
1	Slim and looks cool
1	Slim cool looks and
0	The software drivers are frustrating, only comes with 8mb of memory.
0	software The drivers are frustrating, only comes with 8mb of memory.
1	Small in size, reliable and durable
1	Small in honest size, reliable and durable
0	Component failure, overwhelming menus, signal reception.
0	Component failure, overwhelming menus, signal loser reception.
0	Ink and the Canon Photo Paper Pro is very expensive
0	Ink and the Canon canon Photo Paper Pro is very expensive
1	Excellent photo printing and fast text output.
1	Excellent photo and fast text output.
0	Can't do large poster-size prints
0	Can't do large poster-size mark
1	Great control over color, contrast, and exposure; Hot shoe, Continuous-drive mode
1	control over color,, and exposure; Hot shoe, Continuous-drive mode
0	metal casing easily scratched, can't lock the mode sellector.
0	metal casing easily scratched, can't metallic lock the mode sellector.
0	Hard to get focus in low light
0	Hard to get focus in find low light
1	Takes brilliant daytime photos, good features, additional filters/lenses available...
1	hire brilliant daytime photos, honest features, additional filters/lenses available...
1	1200x1200 res
1	res
0	Didn't buy it sooner
0	Didn't buy it earlier
0	Get an AC Adapter or get a USB Smartmedia Reader
0	experience an AC Adapter or beat a USB Smartmedia Reader
0	internal antenna, inconsistent earpiece volume, seems much more fragile than the 6190
0	internal antenna, inconsistent earpiece fragile, seems much more volume than the 6190
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges!
0	Ink Expensive Cartridges!
1	Sleek & sexy aesthetics, large screen
1	& sexy aesthetics, large screen
0	expected more features
0	features more expected
1	Size, Weight, Quality, PhotoStich S/W, &amp; Design. Did I mention size?
1	Size, burden, timber, PhotoStich S/W, &amp; Design. Did I mention size?
1	Great reception, great battery life, overall great phone.
1	Great reception, great battery life, overall great.
1	Not a bad size, colorful face plates, multiple rings
1	a Not bad size, colorful face plates, multiple rings
1	weather proof, perfect size, rechargeable battery
1	conditions proof, perfect size, rechargeable battery
0	Pictures are HORRIBLY blurry
0	Pictures HORRIBLY blurry
1	It's a cheap way to have digital fun
1	It's a cheap way fun have digital to
1	Why  I wanted to buy another NOKIA, is It's one of the better cell phones
1	Why  buy wanted to I another the, is It's one of NOKIA better cell phones
1	Great phone, full of features. Fantastic screen.
1	Great phone, full features. Fantastic screen.
1	Tons of features, easy to use, fantastic resolution
1	Tons of features, wanton to use, fantastic resolution
1	The Large Amount of Storage Space using a CD over a floppy
1	The Large Amount of Storage diskette Space using a CD over a floppy
0	not meant for pros
0	not meant for pro pros
1	Great print quality, full featured, reliable, easy to use
1	groovy print quality, full featured, reliable, easy to use
0	No UBS connection or adaptor...slow response time.
0	No UBS connection response adaptor...slow or time.
1	Size
1	size
0	no usb cable! doh!
0	cable usb no! doh!
1	mx-1200.it gives excellent pictures and very easy to use..a wonderful camera for the price.
1	mx-1200.it gives practice excellent pictures and very easy to use..a wonderful camera apply for the price.
1	Easy to use, compact in size, instructions are easy to understand
1	Easy to use, compact in size, direction are well-to-do to understand
1	price and 8 megs of memory
1	Price and 8 megs of memory
0	None
0	none None
1	small size, belt clip holder, charges quickly, great reception, lightweight
1	small charges, belt clip holder, size quickly, great reception, lightweight
1	Good phone overall, with easy-to-navigate menus
1	Good overall, with easy-to-navigate menus
0	My carrier disabled the full feature set (OBEX).  "LOCATION" field is missing in the calendar.
0	My carrier disabled the full feature coif (OBEX).  "placement" sphere is missing in the calendar.
0	red eye issues, the focus is sometimes weird
0	red eye issues, the focus weird sometimes is
1	photo-layering inexpensively, quiet
1	photo-layering, quiet
1	full recline, reversible handle bar, spacious for baby
1	full recline, reversible handle bar, broad for baby
1	size, durable
1	durable, size
0	Picture taking without flash.
0	flash taking without Picture.
1	compact,nice looking,very good photos
1	compact,good looking,very nice photos
1	Tiny size, battery lasts and lasts, simple menus
1	Tiny size, battery lasts and lasts, elementary menus
1	long life, clear, lots of features, vibrate ring mode
1	long feature life, clear, lots of features, vibrate ring mode
1	fast, quiet, IR, great quality
1	IR, quiet, fast, great quality
1	Price, image clarity, ease of use
1	Price, envision clarity, ease of use
0	Still a little pricey.  Can get lost quite easily.
0	Still a little pricey.  Can lost quite easily.
1	Small size, aesthetic qualities
1	Small, aesthetic qualities
0	prints slow when reslution is set high
0	prints slow reslution is set high
0	See Review Above
0	hear Review Above
1	12 pages per minute in black ink, 10 pages per minute in color, Smudge-resistant; fast drying ink, Beautiful photo-quality pictures.
1	12 pages color minute in black ink, 10 pages Beautiful minute in per, Smudge-resistant; fast drying ink, per photo-quality pictures.
1	back loading, easy to use, ink meter 
1	stake loading, easy to use, ink meter 
1	lots of features, lightweight, clear
1	stack of features, lightweight, clear
1	Small and compact, good battery life, durable, voice dialing
1	Small and compact, good battery life, durable, voice little dialing
1	8x optical zoom, 4 mega-pixel resolution
1	8x optical zoom, 4 mega-pixel solving
0	Software is not compatible with WinXP
0	Software is not compatible with 
0	Smallish display, a little bulky.
0	Smallish expose display, a little bulky.
0	Support and parts are difficult.
0	Support and parts piece are difficult.
1	Small, lightweight, easily fits in a pocket!
1	Small, lightweight, easily fits in a sack!
0	Big.  Only available in yucky dark blue colour.
0	Big.  Only available in yucky night blue colour.
0	Nikon tech support not useful, tech forums useful only because of other camera uses...
0	Nikon tech brook not useful, tech forums utilitarian only because of other camera uses...
0	Little bit of a learning curve, slightly expensive, no vibe+ring
0	Little bit of a eruditeness curve, slightly expensive, no vibe+mob
1	Lightweight &amp;amp; 10x 
1	Lightweight &amp;amp; 10x 
0	Eats batteries
0	Eats 
1	Price, Slim Look, Battery
1	Price, terms Slim Look, Battery
0	Battery life
0	life Battery
0	One handed use sometimes means you open the battery compartment, turning the camera off.  
0	One handed consumption sometimes means you opened the battery compartment, turning the camera off.  
0	2.5hr talking battery life, unable to resize text on main screen, small memory, camera resolution
0	2.5hr talking battery life, unable to resize text on main sort, pocket-sized memory, camera solution
1	Easy to use, good quality pictures, comparatively very inexpensive
1	Easy comparatively use, good quality pictures, to very inexpensive
1	size,quality of pics, accessories, price
1	size,flick quality of pics, accessories, price
0	below average battery life and a few others
0	below battery life and a few others
0	exterior looks funny, HUGE!!!, freezes a lot, scratches easily
0	exterior looks funny, HUGE!!!, freezes a lot, outside scratches easily
0	uses lots of ink
0	uses lots of 
0	loud, slightly annoying install
0	loud, annoying install
0	Very poor signal strength,  no support for new ring tones.  Speakerphone stinks!!!
0	Very poor signal durability,  no support for new ring feel.  Speakerphone stinks!!!
1	Price, ease of use, clarity of print
1	Price, ease toll of use, clarity of print
1	Good image quality
1	quality image Good
1	Great price, great quality, fast printer, nice straight-forward design and function
1	peachy price, great quality, immobile printer, nice straight-forward design and function
1	Slim, HUGE Screen,self timers portrait, thin buttons, neon looking button, extremely stylish,
1	Slim, slight HUGE Screen,self timers portrait, thin buttons, neon looking button, extremely stylish,
1	built in battery recharger, uses Fuji NP-80 battery
1	built NP-80 battery recharger, uses Fuji in battery
1	Image stabiliser, 10X zoom, easy to hold, great colour, light weight
1	Image stabiliser, 10X zoom, easy to hold, great colour, light coloration weight
1	If i had to pick one it would be the large screen...when it works.
1	If i had IT to pick one it would be expectant the large screen...when it works.
1	Fast text output and superior photographic repro.
1	firm text output and superior photographic repro.
1	Durable build, tons of options, responsive menus, great reception
1	reception build, tons of options, responsive menus, great Durable
0	Antenna breaks often if you put it in your pocket.
0	Antenna breaks often if you put your in it pocket.
0	None so far
0	None far
0	proprietary battery, shutter lag
0	proprietary battery, shutter dawdle
0	Paper jams, noisy, goes through ink pretty fast.
0	Paper jams, noisy, fast through ink pretty goes.
1	Lots of manual settings., Love the new "Scene Modes", Well constructed and built, 
1	Lots of manual settings., Love the newly "tantrum Modes", Well constructed and built, 
1	Excellent image quality and expanded storage space
1	Excellent image space and expanded storage quality
1	Nice, easy-to-use features, including speaker phone and voice recognition.
1	Nice, easy-to-use features, including speaker phone and phonation recognition.
1	sleek, fits in pocket easily, external window, MIDI ringers
1	sleek, paroxysm in pocket easily, external window, MIDI ringers
1	design and picture quality
1	intent design and picture quality
1	Small,color screen,(loud)poly ringers,picks up great.
1	Small,tinge screen,(loud)poly ringers,picks up great.
0	Battery life without headset
0	Battery life headset without
0	Serial Cable
0	sequent Cable
1	all in one, pcfax is great.
1	all in one, pcfax is smashing.
1	powerfull little camera, AA batteries, picture quality
1	powerfull little camera, AA batteries, quality
1	very small and light,thumbstick control,backlit keypad, color screen, voice commands
1	very small and igniter light,thumbstick control,backlit keypad, color screen, voice commands
0	Battery Life, antenna sticks up
0	Battery Life, sticks up
1	Easy to hook up
1	Easy to sluttish hook up
1	new age photography
1	Modern age photography
0	Ink from HP expensive, Memory Card upload speed is very slow.  Paper tray is small.
0	Ink from HP expensive, Memory carte upload hasten is very tedious.  Paper tray is small.
1	price value style
1	value style
1	high resolution, speed, quiet, compact size, user friendly
1	high resolution, speed, restrained, compact size, user friendly
1	Great camera, excellent picture quality, and a zoom lense for close ups!
1	Great a, excellent picture quality, and camera zoom lense for close ups!
1	it's a small two-in-one package
1	a small two-in-one package
0	heavier than most, shutter lag
0	heavier than most, shutter imprison
0	Where shall I begin?
0	Where I shall begin?
1	lightweight
1	whippersnapper lightweight
0	The movie (video) mode has no sound.  
0	The movie (video) mode has no healthy.  
0	Could have a more sturdy, better constructed paper/output tray.
0	Could have a more sturdy, skilful build paper/output tray.
1	Clear, nice size, (I don't like too small phones), low price
1	Clear, nice size, (I don't like too small phone), scummy price
1	reasonable price; user friendly camera
1	damage reasonable price; user friendly camera
1	nice entry level price, good photo quality, lots of zoom, big screen
1	nice level price, good photo quality, lots of zoom, screen
1	All in one device, Dial from address book, Apps and Games on the go
1	in one device, Dial from address book, Apps and on the go
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice, Battery Life, upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Excellent Quality - both camera and photos
1	Excellent fantabulous Quality - both camera and photos
1	Beautiful color printing, good quality
1	Beautiful beautiful color printing, good quality
1	Compact, lightweight, better overall backlit screen, good sound clarity
1	Compact, lightweight, better overall backlit screen, succinct good sound clarity
1	loud, clear reception, flashy looks, cool camera and awesome features.
1	loud, clear reception, and looks, cool camera flashy awesome features.
0	Can be a bit tough to set up.
0	Can be a bit tough posterior to set up.
0	Lens cover is weak.sucks power when viewing LCD screen
0	Lens cover is weak.power sucks when viewing LCD screen
1	Small and Looks cool
1	little and Looks cool
1	Easy to Use, Floppy Disk for Film, Anyone Can Use This Camera!
1	Easy to Use, Floppy for Film, Anyone Can Use Camera!
0	Terrible reception
0	reception
0	more noise than the s45 (the s50's 4MP stablemate)
0	more 4MP than the s45 (the s50's noise stablemate)
1	Durable, Easy To Use
1	Easy, Durable To Use
1	Cheap - Colors are Bright
1	Colors - Cheap are Bright
0	We never use our 35 mm anymore.
0	We never enjoyment our 35 mm anymore.
1	excellent photos, easy to use, reasonable price
1	excellent photos, easy to manipulation, reasonable price
1	Quick and easy to use.
1	Quick and easy use.
0	Check the battery for the performance &amp; then buy it
0	Check the battery for the performance &amp; it
1	works well, cute, lots of features
1	works well, cute, lots features of
1	Cool changeable covers
1	Cool changeable track
0	Could be quicker and ink could last a little longer
0	Could be quicker and ink could last a little recollective longer
1	beautiful, fast, clear photo printing
1	beautiful, fast, printing photo clear
0	Voice activation is hit and miss at times
0	Voice activation is bang and miss at times
1	Wickedly long standby time
1	Wickedly long standby 
0	None
0	none
0	Earpeice volume a wee bit low, shortish talk time
0	Earpeice volume a wee bit low, shortish weensy talk time
0	Not really compatible for underwater use
0	Not really compatible for underwater genuinely use
0	No viewfinder, poor battery with no way to improve, not enough memory included, too bulky.
0	No viewfinder, short battery with no way to improve, not decent remembering included, too bulky.
0	none
0	none
1	Easily upgradable, excellent customer support
1	Easily upgradable, customer excellent support
1	Speed, clarity, speed, ease of use, speed, separate ink tanks, speed.
1	Speed, clarity, speed, ease of manipulation, speed, separate ink tanks, hurrying.
1	Two features in one. GSM network.
1	Two features deuce in one. GSM network.
1	A good value
1	A good evaluate value
0	Delay between shots, eats batteries like popcorn
0	Delay between shots, eats shelling batteries like popcorn
1	EXIF support, separate ink tanks, separate ceramic print head, usb or parallel interface
1	EXIF support, separate ink parallel, separate ceramic print head, usb or tanks interface
0	Very poor battery life, runs out during the course of my normal day
0	Very poor battery life, runs out during the my normal day
1	easy to use, great pics, low price
1	easy to use, great, low price
1	Nice looking phone, many features, excellent color display
1	excellent looking phone, many features, Nice color display
1	Great features, flash, LCD display, 
1	capital features, flash, LCD display, 
1	Ultra compact, five megapixels, manual exposure options, 
1	Ultra compact, five exposure, manual megapixels options, 
0	fixed lens, no lcd viewer 
0	Lens fixed lens, no lcd viewer 
1	Light, good reception, nice implementation of the Palm OS and cell phone
1	Light, practiced reception, Nice implementation of the Palm OS and cell phone
1	Manual features galore, use of AA batteries, long night exposure (BULB), ultra-compact.
1	Manual features galore, practice of AA batteries, long night exposure (medulla), ultra-compact.
1	Great phone, super great options worth the purchase
1	options phone, super great Great worth the purchase
1	Versatile and grows with baby
1	Versatile and originate grows with baby
0	Horrible Professional Install Car Kit Accessory. Cuts in and out - regularly
0	Horrible Professional Install railcar Kit Accessory. deletion in and out - regularly
1	Easy to use, solid construction, good quality pix, fun to use
1	Easy to enjoyment, solid construction, dear quality pix, fun to use
1	PTT is great, provider service is good.
1	great is PTT, provider service is good.
0	Abyssmal battery life.  Tiny LCD screen, flash takes time to charge
0	Abyssmal battery life.  Tiny LCD screen, flash bring time to accusation
1	No paper jams
1	paper No jams
1	Extremely lightweight 
1	Extremely whippersnapper lightweight 
1	size, and quality
1	sizing size, and quality
1	Wow, what I've always wanted - PDA and phone in one!
1	Wow, what I've incessantly treasured - PDA and phone in one!
1	 It is light-weight, small, takes great photos, and has a great viewing screen.
1	 It is light-weight, small, train great photos, and has a heavy viewing screen.
0	May not have the sleekest looks.
0	May not have the sleekest.
0	no USB, only 8MB included
0	no USB, only 8MB admit
0	No phone handset
0	handset phone No
0	have to plug into the computer to view photos
0	have to plug deliver into the computer to view photos
1	Low price, toner saver, compact sizem reprint button
1	Low price, saver, compact sizem reprint button
0	Update the flip stopped closing
0	Update closing flip stopped the
1	lens work well
1	lens well work
0	Takes a while to learn all the features well.
0	Takes a while to all the features well.
1	Price and production for light use is great, heavy use-could be better
1	Price and production for light use is great, heavy punter use-could be better
1	Durability, Dependability, Size, Price . . .
1	Durability, sizing Dependability, Size, Price . . .
0	You MUST buy more than the camera itself.
0	You buy more than the camera itself.
0	Heavier and Larger and less battery life than the 8000 series
0	and Larger and battery life than the 8000 series
0	Only comes with 16mb media, but can be expanded to 128.
0	Only seed with 16mb media, but can be extend to 128.
0	still a little slow to print color, uses toner quickly
0	still color little slow to print a, uses toner quickly
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of consumption
1	Made by Motorola.
1	by Made Motorola.
0	Slow speed
0	Slow 
0	not many ringers,vibration mode is not too strong,takes a while to load sim
0	many ringers,vibration mode is not too strong,takes a load sim
1	Lightweight, color screen, flip top screen, looks cool
1	Lightweight, color, flip top screen, looks cool
1	Affordable, Easy to Use, Crisp Lettering
1	Affordable, Easy to Use, soft Crisp Lettering
0	The screen is not easy to read in direct sunlight.
0	The screen is easy to read in direct.
1	Price
1	Price
0	Somewhat difficult to learn to program
0	Somewhat to learn to program
0	battery falls out when dropped, downloads cost$$ and expire
0	battery falls out expire dropped, downloads cost$$ and when
0	accidental squawks
0	accidental screak squawks
1	Prints photos beautifully!
1	Prints pic beautifully!
1	Blow your mind pictures
1	mind your Blow pictures
0	Battery, Data transfer
0	battery Battery, Data transfer
1	Very small, long battery life, lots of features, looks cool
1	Very small, long battery life, stack of features, spirit cool
0	loose battery
0	loosen battery
1	Many features including conversion from stroller to carriage, seat that can lie back all the way flat, and option to have child facing towards or away from you.
1	Many features including conversion from stroller to carriage, seat that can lie all the, and option have child facing towards or from you.
0	image quality, battery life, usability
0	image quality, usability life, battery
1	Backlight
1	Backlight
0	accessories poor - no portable mobile antenna
0	accessories antenna - no portable mobile poor
0	Slow color printing, expensive toner.
0	Slow color printing, expensive.
1	Resolution, usage, aesthetics
1	Resolution, exercise, aesthetics
1	Superb pictures, easy to use, good price.
1	Superb pictures, price to use, good easy.
0	None really
0	None 
1	Uses floppy diskettes to store photos, relatively easy to learn how to use
1	Uses floppy diskettes to store comparatively photos, relatively easy to learn how to use
0	slow, but hey, you're printing a PHOTO
0	deadening, but hey, you're printing a PHOTO
1	Quality, lots of options
1	of, lots Quality options
1	Ease of use, Excellent photos, MPEG capability, Instant feedback
1	Ease of use, Excellent photos, MPEG capability, wink feedback
1	COLOR!!!  Cool games and ring tones.
1	COLOR!!!  Cool and games ring tones.
1	Big screen, symbian, bluetooth, vga camera, replaceable faceplates, mmc slot
1	Big screen, symbian, bluetooth, faceplates camera, replaceable vga, mmc slot
1	Inexpensive, superb image quality, fast printing, very quiet.
1	identical Inexpensive, superb image quality, fast printing, very quiet.
0	Spendy.
0	Spendy.
0	Steep learning curve
0	learning curve
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	No Attenna, Small/Lightweight, Good Signal Reception, Fits Anywhere!
1	No Attenna, Small/Lightweight, Good Signal Reception, Anywhere!
1	Size, weight, clearity, options
1	pick Size, weight, clearity, options
0	voice dialing has problems, bad reception in buildings, takes a while to start up
0	voice dialing, bad reception in buildings, takes a while to start up
1	photo quality, compact, durable
1	photo quality, timber compact, durable
1	Very Compact, Flip Design protects face& keys. Price is right.
1	Very Compact, Design Flip protects face& keys. Price is right.
0	Pricier than other options
0	than Pricier other options
0	The big $400 pricetag, some customization limitations
0	The large $400 pricetag, some customization limitations
1	Extremely thin and light, durable, great sound quality, good reception quality, amazing LCD.
1	Extremely and light,, great sound quality, good reception quality, amazing LCD.
0	bulky, hard to push, expensive
0	bulky, hard to push, 
0	Very noisy!  Design is bigger and clunkier!
0	Very noisy!  blueprint is bigger and clunkier!
1	great for photos,quiet
1	great for tranquility photos,quiet
0	Like the new 10x zoom a little better
0	the Like new 10x zoom a little better
0	Large.
0	Large.
1	cheap!  It's ink tanks are huge! Great photo-quality
1	punk!  It's ink tanks are huge! Great photo-quality
1	Fast and outstanding for printing photos
1	Fast and outstanding printing photos
0	none
0	none
1	Great mp3 player, compact, easy to use.
1	Great mp3 player, compact, easy to stocky use.
1	faster and just as good
1	faster and just as only good
0	No durability, poor reception, do not last more than a year.
0	, poor reception, do not last more than a year.
1	Easy to use, great zoom
1	Easy role to use, great zoom
0	The circular keypad is a little ... different.
0	The keypad circular is a little ... different.
1	Great quality, great speed, durability
1	durability quality, great speed, Great
0	meager 100 sheet paper tray, expensive ink cartridges
0	meager 100 sheet ink tray, expensive paper cartridges
1	Nice quality, advanced functions, real-time TV output, easy to work with.
1	Nice quality, dainty advanced functions, real-time TV output, easy to work with.
0	somewhat flimsy cover, no PC connection
0	somewhat flimsy treat, no PC connection
1	Fast, reliable, the best SLR Digital Camera made.
1	Fast, reliable, the secure SLR Digital Camera made.
0	Trying to write words on the keypad can sometimes be a really hard process.
0	Trying to write speech on the keypad can sometimes be a really strong process.
0	Bad Pictures.
0	Pictures.
1	compact, good battery life, Web access, speakerphone feature, voice dial feature, lighted keypad
1	compact, good battery life, access, speakerphone feature, voice dial feature, lighted 
0	Lots of menus, somewhat complicated to navigate, Battery life, bulky.
0	Lots of menus, somewhat navigate, Battery life, bulky.
0	Tri-Mode
0	Tri-Mode
1	Standard JPEG format, 10x optical zoom, sturdy
1	Standard JPEG initialise, 10x optical zoom, sturdy
0	Poor battery life, sluggish user interface, large antenna sticking out
0	Poor battery life, sluggish user, antenna sticking out
1	Lightweight, Bright, Clear Screen and Has an amazing amount of features.
1	Lightweight, Bright, Clear Screen and Has an features amount of amazing.
0	Short battery life
0	battery Short life
1	easy to turn, open and close, and light weight
1	easy to turn, open tardily and close, and light weight
0	An absolute battery hog
0	An bombardment absolute battery hog
0	Bad image rendering, Paltry RAM
0	Bad image rendering, Paltry tough RAM
0	Bulky
0	bulky Bulky
1	Fast printing, pretty nice photos
1	Fast printing, pretty nice reasonably photos
0	None at this price point
0	None at this point
0	None
0	none None
1	Fast. Photo quality. Looks cool, too.
1	Fast. Photo quality. Looks cool, prize too.
0	Mediocre printing, copying and scanning.
0	Mediocre printing, re-create and scanning.
1	Good camera for the money.
1	Good camera for the money.
1	clever swivelblade design, elegant design, modifiable interface, compatibility with PC/PDA/laptops
1	clever swivelblade design, elegant design, PC interface, compatibility with modifiable/PDA/laptops
1	Great Picture Quality, 3.2 MegaPixels, Real small.  Fits anywhere.
1	Quality Picture Great, 3.2 MegaPixels, Real small.  Fits anywhere.
0	can't charge battery while camara is on
0	can't battery while camara is on
1	Excellent quality, Ease of Use
1	Excellent, Ease of Use
0	Cheap
0	garish
0	Connects to the computer to download pictures.Does not use disks.
0	Connects Does the computer to download pictures.to not use disks.
0	Misrepresentation, dishonest practices and tactics.
0	Misrepresentation, dishonest manoeuvre practices and tactics.
0	Could be considered expensive 
0	Could expensive considered be 
1	Good picture quality for the price of camera.  Plenty of features.
1	near picture choice for the price of camera.  Plenty of features.
0	Low pic quality. not hold many pic's on High Resoultion (20) Low resolution (80)
0	Low pic tone. not clench many pic's on High Resoultion (20) Low resolution (80)
0	back brakes are not the greatest
0	back brakes are greatest the not
1	It was free
1	It free was
1	Smaller Frame then the Z52. Same high quality printing and reliablity.
1	low border then the Z52. Same high quality printing and reliablity.
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	Garbled, distort Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
1	Clear print and copy quality
1	crystallize print and copy quality
1	Sturdy. Fast. Great Output product.
1	Sturdy. Fast. Great Output ware.
1	pic quality, smart media,price
1	pic quality, smart price,media
1	USB compatible.  Excellent, studio-quality pictures
1	USB compatible.  Excellent, studio-quality picture
1	TOO MUCH TO MENTION IN THIS LITTLE BOX...READ Descrip
1	TOO MUCH TO MENTION IN THIS LITTLE BOX...excessively READ Descrip
1	durable, space saving compressed mode, WinXP supported
1	durable, space lasting saving compressed mode, WinXP supported
0	Eats batteries up
0	consume batteries up
0	No USB cable included, software is a bit weak
0	No USB cable included, weak is a bit software
1	10x Zoom lens, Many features
1	10x Zoom, Many features
0	A little expensive
0	a little expensive
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, large phone, transflash
0	none!
0	none!
0	It broke after 1 month.  Blurred pics are common.
0	It broke after 1 month.  muzzy pics are common.
0	Refill cartridges are a little expensive, though, they last.
0	Refill pickup are a little expensive, though, they last.
1	convenient, sturdy, durable
1	durable, sturdy, convenient
0	GSM coverage, tricky stick, software
0	GSM coverage, slick tricky stick, software
1	SMALL SIZE,COOL BACKLIGHT,NICE ONE HANDED SLIDE,ATTENTION GETTER
1	SMALL SIZE,NICE BACKLIGHT,COOL ONE HANDED SLIDE,ATTENTION GETTER
0	buttons may be too small for those with big hands,no color screen, antenna?
0	buttons may be too small for with big hands, color screen, antenna?
0	Very serious orange shift problem
0	Very serious orange agitate problem
1	Small, many features, voice-activation
1	, many features, voice-activation
1	Small,  cheap, and photo-quality for PC &amp;amp; Mac
1	Small,  cheap, and for PC &amp;amp; Mac
0	SLOW menus, bad buttons, limited memory.
0	SLOW menus, bad buttons, limited clitoris memory.
1	Affordable, quality build, brand name, USB/PPort options, good print quality, CHEAP
1	Affordable, quality build, brand name, USB/PPort options, good print quality, affordable CHEAP
1	Small footprint
1	Small 
1	Price, quality, speed, size
1	Price, quality, speed, sizing size
1	Good screen. Syncs with Rhapsody.
1	just screen. Syncs with Rhapsody.
0	Low memory means restrictions on printing graphics
0	Low memory agency restrictions on printing graphics
1	Excellent color reproduction.  The ink stays brilliant.  No fading.
1	color reproduction.  The ink stays brilliant.  No fading.
1	It's flat, small, but somewhat heavy
1	It's flavourless, small, but somewhat heavy
1	quality, warranty, flexibility
1	quality, warrantee, flexibility
0	Poor for close-up shots
0	Poor for close-up crack
0	No rechargeable batteries, charger or AC adaptor. No USB support for Windows 95. No sound for video. Large size.
0	No heavy rechargeable batteries, charger or sizing AC adaptor. No USB support for Windows 95. No sound for video. Large size.
1	GREAT sound quality, easy phonebook, love the display!
1	GREAT sound easy, quality phonebook, love the display!
1	Uncomfortable for Babies
1	Uncomfortable for 
1	solid build, elegant design, sharp pictures, very portable
1	solid build, elegant design, sharp pictures, intention very portable
1	voice tags, bright screen, polyphonic ringtones, uses 51XX, 33XX, 82XX power accessories
1	voice tags, brightly screen, polyphonic ringtones, US 51XX, 33XX, 82XX power accessories
1	Great features, very durable, simple and easy to use.
1	big features, very durable, simple and easy to use.
1	Slim, light phone, good reception, great graphics and functions.
1	great, light phone, good reception, Slim graphics and functions.
1	Easy to use, incredible macro, built in lens cover
1	lens to use, incredible macro, built in Easy cover
1	Small/light weight.  , Easy transfer.  , Battery charger saves a bundle!
1	Small/Light weight.  , Easy transfer.  , Battery charger salve a bundle!
0	Price, LCD Display gets smudged
0	Price, LCD gets smudged
0	Runs out of ink too frequently
0	out of ink too frequently
0	sometimes crashes, power connector doesn't always set right, interface awkward in places
0	sometimes crashes, power connector doesn't always set, interface awkward in 
1	Great resolution, features &amp;amp; price
1	Great resolution, features &Price amp;amp; price
0	colors aren't always perfect, LCD screen can be deceptive, only records a maximum of 60 seconds worth of video
0	colorize aren't always perfect, LCD screen can be deceptive, only records a maximum of 60 irregular worth of picture
1	Functional (Vibrate & high mode, etc.)
1	(Vibrate & high mode, etc.)
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to utilise use
1	Great images, Total Control Over Settings
1	Great images, Total Control Over 
1	small and easy to use
1	small and easy to 
1	Lightweight, fun, easy to use, and very functional. Lots of features for next to nothing.
1	Lightweight, fun, easy to habit use, and very functional. rattling Lots of features for next to nothing.
0	Autofocus tends to hunt a lot, slow startup time
0	Autofocus tends hunt to a lot, slow startup time
1	Incredibly fast black &amp; white printing.  VERY cheap for what you get.
1	Incredibly fast black &what; white printing.  VERY cheap for amp you get.
0	Charger connection fails. Known issue. Out of warranty.
0	Charger connection fails. fuck issue. Out of warranty.
0	Number of Keys required to press to view address book
0	Number of Keys required to press to view book address
0	Very slow in taking photo
0	Very slow in guide photo
0	Quits taking charge, badly designed on/off switch
0	Quits taking charge, ill designed on/off switch
1	Comfortable to wear, loud ringer, interchangable covers.
1	comfortable to wear, loud ringer, interchangable covers.
0	Not much memory, sucks serious battery
0	Not serious memory, sucks much battery
1	Ease of use, gootd picture quality
1	Ease of use, gootd depiction quality
0	Pricey
0	Pricey
1	Many great deals for this phone
1	Many great deals bully for this phone
1	inexpensive; nice built in features; computer friendly out of the box
1	inexpensive; nice reinforced in characteristic; computer friendly out of the box
0	Unncessarily small outer screen, button for voicedial interferes with answering calls
0	Unncessarily answering outer screen, button for voicedial interferes with small calls
1	Quality and an mpeg recorder
1	tone and an mpeg recorder
0	Too small, it is hard to push a button it is so small
0	Too push, it is hard to small a button it is so small
1	Calendar, large phone book capacity (400), small size, rubber side grips, etc.
1	Calendar, large phone book capacity (), small size, rubber grips, etc.
1	user friendly, easy to learn, good quality on-line photos
1	user friendly, easy to learn, well quality on-line photos
0	Zoom sucks, not for the professional
0	Zoom blow, not for the professional
1	lightweight, easy to handle, sharp looking, comfortable to talk on
1	lightweight, easy looking handle, sharp to, comfortable to talk on
1	Worked after being dropped
1	exploit after being dropped
1	simple to use, clear screen
1	simple to use, clear shield
0	COULD NOT PRINT THE DATE AND TIME ON PHOTO WHEN DOWNLOADED ON THE PC. 
0	COULD non NOT PRINT THE DATE AND TIME ON PHOTO WHEN DOWNLOADED ON THE PC. 
0	Only can be pushed from behind and sun gets in babys eyes.
0	Only can push be pushed from behind and sun gets in babys eyes.
1	It's generally free!  Okay sound quality.
1	It's mostly generally free!  Okay sound quality.
1	clear pictures, ease of viewing, great for a first time digital camera owner
1	clear pictures, ease of viewing, for great a first time digital camera owner
0	None
0	none None
0	short battery life
0	short life
1	Customer Support
1	Customer stand
0	No optical zoom, no a/c adapter, slow shutter
0	No optical zoom, no a/ adapter, slow shutter
0	Initial Cost
0	Initial be
1	none
1	none
1	excellent print quality, ease of use
1	excellent quality, ease of use
0	ink cartridges overpriced
0	ink overpriced cartridges
1	cheap, handy, good entry to digital pics
1	cheap, good, handy entry to digital pics
1	Very good photo quality with premium papers.  Easy to use memory card reader/writer.  Excellent price
1	good photo quality with premium.  Easy to use memory card reader/writer.  price
0	Average battery life,
0	intermediate battery life,
0	The case is bit tight at first but will stretch with use.
0	simply The case is bit tight at first but will stretch with use.
0	None so far!
0	none so far!
0	It doesn't quite recline flat, but it is enough for baby to sleep comfortably.
0	It doesn't quite recline flat, but comfortably is enough for baby to sleep it.
0	Battery direction markings hard to read 
0	Battery direction to hard markings read 
0	not compatible w/ WindowsNT, takes forever to warm up between snapshots, eats batteries, no zoom
0	No not compatible w/ WindowsNT, takes forever to warm up between snapshots, eats batteries, no warmly zoom
0	4MB included, eats batteries like no tomorrow, expensive after accessories
0	4MB included, deplete batteries like no tomorrow, expensive after appurtenance
0	Like all digital cameras you have to wait between shots
0	Like digital cameras have to wait between shots
0	Battery life when using LCD, no zoom
0	Battery life zoom using LCD, no when
1	Small Size, Battery Life, Auto lens cover, MPEG Movie 
1	Auto Size, Battery Life, Small lens cover, MPEG Movie 
0	Small LCD screen, short battery life
0	Small LCD screen, short battery shortstop life
0	New Technology Color Cartridges are difficult to find AND expensive!
0	New engineering Technology Color Cartridges are difficult to find AND expensive!
0	Eats batteries, but one can easily determine ways to save on energy drain.
0	Eats batteries, but one easily determine ways save on energy drain.
1	Sound Quality. Battery Life. Nice size and feel. Web Access. 2 way email.
1	Sound Quality.. Nice size and feel. Web Access. 2 way email.
0	Slow speed using parallel port, no cables
0	Slow speed using parallel port, no line cables
1	Small size, dual displays, great looks
1	Small size, dual displays, great appear
0	Battery drain, com port only, NO ZOOM, 
0	Battery drainpipe, com port only, NO ZOOM, 
1	BIG storage, easy fold up
1	prominent storage, easy fold up
1	smooth ride
1	smooth sit
0	Slippery, low volume, poor usability/navigation, weak backlight, Bluetooth optimized for Motorola headsets only.
0	Slippery, Low volume, poor usability/navigation, rickety backlight, Bluetooth optimized for Motorola headsets only.
0	Won't work well with older computers, support is difficult
0	Won't work well with older advantageously computers, support is difficult
1	Feature rich, good reception, stylish
1	Feature rich, full reception, stylish
0	none
0	none
1	Good Price, Built Well, Great Resolution!
1	Good, Built Well, Great Resolution!
0	Instruction Book could be easier to use
0	Instruction Book could be to use
0	A little complicated for the amateur user, more expensive than other comparable cameras.
0	more little complicated for the amateur user, A expensive than other comparable cameras.
1	Stylish, long battery life at first, semi durable, now has second generation
1	Stylish, long battery life at first, rig perdurable, now has second generation
0	BAD color.  Not Windows XP compatible.
0	BAD color.  Windows XP compatible.
1	Ease of use. Similarity to the 7110
1	Ease of use. similarity Similarity to the 7110
0	The holder is not practical they need a new design.
0	The holder non is not practical they need a new design.
1	Great Colour Screen
1	Screen Colour Great
0	Loves those batteries! Buy the Nickel-Metal Hydride Rechargable batteries they last 3 times as long as normal rechargable batteries
0	the those batteries! Buy Loves Nickel-Metal Hydride Rechargable batteries they last 3 times as rechargable as normal long batteries
1	Color screen, nice features, loud ring, GPS device, Get It Now
1	color screen, nice features, tawdry ring, GPS device, Get It Now
0	The hinge brakes after 6 months of moderate use. Obviously, there's a design flaw.
0	The flaw brakes after 6 months of moderate use. Obviously, there's a design hinge.
1	Prints at a decent speed, , Great print quality,  , USB port compatible
1	Prints at a decent speed, , Great print quality,  , USB compatible port
0	batteries,4 mb mediacard, usb connection
0	batteries,4 mb mediacard, quartet usb connection
1	TFT Color Display, Solid Construction, Built in Camera w/flash, Ringers
1	TFT Display, Solid Construction, Built in Camera w/, Ringers
0	low speaker volume, relatively small display for internet phone
0	relatively speaker volume, low small display for internet phone
0	Lacks color LCD and camera feature.
0	Lacks color LCD and camera feature.
0	None really other than the 8M Smartmedia card shipped with camera a little small.
0	None really other than the 8M Smartmedia lineup shipped with camera a little minuscule.
0	too many.
0	many too.
1	Quick power up and simple to use, easy controls.
1	Quick ability up and simple to use, easy controls.
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	Only included, Vibrate is weak,
0	none
0	none
1	Little Joystick is Convenient, Calender, Appointment Setter, Easy to Use, Voice Dialer, Long Battery Life
1	Little Setter is Convenient, to, Appointment Joystick, Easy Calender Use, Voice Dialer, Long Battery Life
1	Simple design, easy to learn, simple to use, easy-read manuals and in depth CD information.
1	uncomplicated design, prosperous to discover, simple to use, easy-read manuals and in depth CD information.
1	Inexpensive, good reception, compact and light, nice looking, ringtones
1	reception, good Inexpensive, compact and light, nice looking, ringtones
1	High quality camera. GPS. WIFI. Light, compact design. Easy to sync.
1	quality. GPS. WIFI. Light, compact design. Easy to sync.
1	Cool appearance, great pics, simple to operate, video mode, great handling
1	Cool appearance, gravid pics, simple to operate, video mode, great address
0	No outside display screen,
0	No outside display blind,
1	Great pictures, low price, LCD screen
1	pictures, low price, LCD screen
0	INCREDIBLY short battery life, it's appearance, cheap feel.
0	INCREDIBLY myopic battery life, it's appearance, cheap feel.
1	Cheap printer. Wide paper capacity
1	tacky printer. Wide paper capacity
1	4 MegaPixels, Ease of Use, Excellent color reproduction, advanced/pro features, price!
1	4 MegaPixels, Ease of Use, Excellent color reproduction, supercharge/professional features, price!
1	high resolution;built in,rechargeable battery; easy to use
1	high resolution;built in,rechargeable battery; well-heeled to use
0	4x6 pictures are a little difficult to print, my husband has hard time reading menu
0	4x6 pictures are husband little difficult to print, hard a has my time reading menu
1	Scanner, Color Ink-jet printer, Fax, and Photo center all in one!
1	Scanner, Color Ink-jet printer, Fax, wholly and Photo center all in one!
1	An extremely durable phone.  I've abused this phone and it still works perfectly.
1	An extremely durable phone.  I've abused this phone and it static turn perfectly.
1	Great reception, handy features, small and stylish.
1	Great reception, handy small, features and stylish.
1	Good prints, works with XP
1	Good prints, with XP
1	Compact size, Black in color, AA batteries, Comes with slow charger and extra batteries (1700mAh)
1	Compact size, bleak in color, AA batteries, hail with wearisome charger and extra batteries (1700mAh)
0	BIG (not well-suited for sitting on the desk) 
0	BIG (not well-suited for the on sitting desk) 
0	Not as much storage as a comparable camera with internal/removable memory card.
0	Not as much storage as a camera internal/removable memory card.
0	4096 colors, MMS no sound, 4 chord ringtones , no built-in camera, pop-port, SLOW!
0	4096 colors, MMS no sound, 4 chord ringtones , no vocalize built-in camera, pop-port, SLOW!
0	Customer leaves a lot to be desired, the thing is huge, a lot of things do not work a lot of the time.
0	Customer leaves a lot coiffure to be desired, the thing is huge, a lot of things do not work heap a lot of the time.
0	Difficult to focus in poor light conditions.
0	Indiana Difficult to focus in poor light conditions.
0	NONE
0	none NONE
1	Good small camera, great for people who dont take a lot of pictures. 
1	Good small select camera, great for people who dont take a lot of pictures. 
1	GREAT lens, fast AF, good manual control, tons of features
1	GREAT lens, fast AF, good unspoilt manual control, tons of features
0	Noisy
0	noisy Noisy
1	Lightweight, great digital for someone just entering digital camera era
1	Lightweight, great digital for someone just insert digital camera ERA
1	Floppy drive, rechargeable batteries
1	Floppy drive, rechargeable shelling
0	Fragile
0	Fragile
1	Excellent pictures, compact size, easy to use
1	Excellent pictures, covenant size, easy to use
1	Excellent photos, ease of use, durable.
1	Excellent photos, ease of use,.
1	Small and compact.
1	wad Small and compact.
0	Wet ink smears and spoils prints if you touch too soon.  Slows computer down.  Noisy.
0	and ink smears Wet spoils prints if you touch too soon.  down computer Slows.  Noisy.
0	Paper Jams, Low Ink Capacity, Bad Alignment, Frustrating
0	Paper Jams, Low Ink capability Capacity, Bad Alignment, Frustrating
0	Replacement part not available for sale.
0	Replacement part not available for.
1	good reception, easy to use
1	use reception, easy to good
1	inexpensive, easy to use, compact.
1	inexpensive, easy use, compact.
1	excellent quality, price, easy of use
1	excellent quality, price, easy of function
0	NONE
0	none
0	Straps for the carseat are a bit short, had to order extensions
0	Straps the carseat are a bit short, had to order 
0	Heavy stroller
0	Heavy 
0	Almost too small sometimes, accessories not readily available, no auto keylock feature
0	Almost too small about sometimes, accessories not readily available, no auto keylock feature
0	phonebook (can get used to it), alarm must be set with 24hour clock
0	phonebook (can get used to it), alarm must be with clock
0	questionable quality, not so great attena
0	questionable quality, not so nifty attena
0	Defective parts.
0	Defective bad parts.
1	Sleek and full of great features.
1	Sleek and full of broad great features.
1	Small, great zoom for a tiny digital. Clarity is amazing.
1	Small, great zoom for tiny digital. Clarity is.
1	Lots of features for the money.  Great Pictures.
1	Lots of lineament features for the money.  Great Pictures.
0	No zoom
0	No soar zoom
0	speed of printing
0	printing of speed
0	No seperate black cartridge
0	No black seperate cartridge
1	Floppy disk, good colour
1	Floppy disk, good coloring
1	Great pictures, a lot of features, compact, good built in screen
1	Great pictures, a lot of features, compact, good axerophthol built in screen
1	easy to get started.. low cost
1	easy to get started.. low start cost
0	Bad keypad ergonomics, Bluetooth functions could be better, mediocre talk time.
0	Bad ergonomics, Bluetooth could be better, mediocre talk time.
0	none that I have come across
0	none that I have cum across
1	Good print quality, relatively fast, very inexpensive
1	commodity print quality, relatively fast, very inexpensive
1	Great looking phone, changeable face plates.
1	Great face phone, changeable looking plates.
0	cheesy name and look, no preview screen and no flash.
0	cheesy name and look, no preview no flash.
0	Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
0	tasks excessive button pushing Garbled simple Requires like text messaging.  for sound quality with fasttalkers.
1	Color screen; WAP; GSM; BlueTooth and IR
1	Color covert; WAP; GSM; BlueTooth and IR
0	small card to being with (8mb); thats it!!!
0	card to being with (8mb); thats it!!!
1	Fast printing and scanning. Both are good quality. Sheet feeder is great.
1	Fast printing and scanning. Both are quality. Sheet feeder great.
0	The LCD is slightly off center
0	The LCD slightly off center
1	Fast printing
1	printing Fast
1	Durability.  Interface design.
1	Durability.  Interface.
1	Lightweight stroller.  Individually reclining seats.
1	Lightweight stroller.  Individually reclining butt.
1	Good call quality, nice features
1	Good call quality, features
1	Floppy Disk Media, User friendly
1	User Disk Media, Floppy friendly
1	great text, good price
1	great text, good upright price
1	great reception, nice feel in hand, antenna doesn't break, nice blue backlight
1	great reception, nice feel in hand, antenna doesn't break, nice blue low backlight
0	time between shutter pressed and picture taken too long.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;1024x768 max&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	time between shutter pressed and characterization lead too long.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;1024x768 goop&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Small...prints well, has the option to scan and to be used remotely
1	...well, has the option to scan and to be used remotely
1	Tough.
1	Tough.
1	Many features in compact size.
1	Many features in squeeze compact size.
0	No keypad cover
0	keypad cover
1	fast, reliable, ink-efficient, compact, high quality image
1	fast, reliable, ink-efficient, image, high quality compact
0	Identical features to the StarTac, more expensive, does not feel solid and durable
0	Identical features to StarTac, more expensive, does not solid and durable
1	LIGHTWEIGHT, easy to get in and out of trunk, narrow
1	LIGHTWEIGHT, leisurely to gravel in and out of trunk, narrow
0	Lacks features
0	Lacks miss features
1	Dual mode tech gives you signal everywhere
1	Dual modality tech gives you signal everywhere
1	Small, light, stylish, intuitive menus, feature-rich, external LCD display, solid feel, large phone book, well-built.
1	Small, clear, stylish, intuitive menus, feature-rich, external LCD display, solid feel, large earphone leger, well-built.
1	Price, great 3 megapixel images, Pixel mapping feature
1	Price, great 3 megapixel images, mapping feature
1	FAST PRINTING
1	FAST 
1	Great print quality, great price, toner saver feature
1	Great print quality, great price, toner feature
1	Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink,Fantastic Photos
1	Inexpensive,inexpensive Thrifty with ink,Fantastic Photos
0	Poor Camera
0	Poor 
1	Incredible image quality.  Nightshot!  Can be fully manual.
1	Incredible image quality.  character Nightshot!  Can be fully manual.
1	lightweight, small, headset compatible, travel charger included
1	lightweight, small-scale, headset compatible, travel charger included
0	battery starts to die after about a year, but is easily replaced
0	battery starts to die after about a replaced, but is easily year
0	Still haven't found any
0	Still found any
0	Batteries, LCD
0	Batteries, bombardment LCD
1	4 Megapixels, Bright Display, Easy to use, advanced features, 12x digital zoom, compact
1	4 Megapixels, Bright Display, Easy to use, further features, 12x digital zoom, compendious
1	Next to the photos I took with my 35mm and they are just as good.
1	Next to the pic I charter with my 35mm and they are just as undecomposed.
0	Can't think of one!
0	Can't think of nonpareil!
1	Great deal for the price, pretty good photos
1	Great deal for the price, good photos
0	pictures are iffy at best, not high-tech
0	pictures are iffy at, not high-tech
0	Good things cost money
0	cost things Good money
0	You can't use it to go shopping at the mall.
0	You can't usance it to sound shopping at the mall.
1	Good cheap printer for b/w only
1	Good punk printer for b/w only
1	Small, has qwerty keyboard, internet capabilites, durable.
1	Small, has capabilites keyboard, internet qwerty, durable.
1	Easy to Use, looks cool, NO FILM :)
1	Easy to Use, looks cool, NO aplomb FILM :)
0	Big, flimsy output tray, no USB cable included
0	output, flimsy Big tray, no USB cable included
0	Macro mode rather unimpressive.
0	Macro mode unimpressive rather.
1	High Quality, Quick Transfer, Low Cost
1	High Quality, Quick Transfer, Low 
1	Very good size, easy to follow programming, not fancy.
1	Very non good size, easy to follow programming, not fancy.
0	Viewfinder only shows 80 per cent of the picture area 
0	Viewfinder only shows cent per 80 of the picture area 
1	Compact, almost fool proof, being able to focus in the dark
1	compress, almost fool proof, being able to focus in the dismal
1	An incredible value!
1	An value!
1	Battery life; voice clarity; volume
1	Battery mass life; voice clarity; volume
0	Does not print to edge,  Discontinued for the 1280
0	Does quit not print to edge,  Discontinued for the 1280
0	price
0	toll
0	No viewfinder. 3 second shutter delay. , Size of a SLR.
0	nobelium viewfinder. 3 second shutter delay. , size of a SLR.
0	a little bulky, pricy memory sticks to replace floppys, only 90min charge time.
0	a little to, pricy memory sticks bulky replace floppys, only 90min charge time.
1	ease of use,picture quality,privacy,features
1	ease of privacy,picture quality,use,features
1	Wow, look at those shots!  I must be a pro!
1	Wow, look those shots!  I be a pro!
0	easy to use
0	easy to 
0	Some quirks to the low-battery indication.  
0	Some quirks to low-battery indication.  
1	High quality prints, fast output, reliability
1	fast quality prints, High output, reliability
1	Definitely future-proof!
1	future-proof Definitely!
1	Inexpensive Cost/Good software bundle
1	Inexpensive Cost/beneficial software bundle
0	no problems
0	no problem
1	Has many good features
1	Has many features
0	Picture quality in low light
0	in quality Picture low light
1	This is a great photo quality printer.
1	This is timbre a great photo quality printer.
1	Easy to handle and very good quality pictures, and selection options for selecting the quality.
1	Easy to handle and very gentle good quality pictures, and selection options for selecting prize the quality.
0	Lack of accessories such as no bag for the camera and small memory card.  
0	Lack of accessories such as memory bag for the camera and small no card.  
0	vibrate, voice name dialing
0	vibrate, voice name list dialing
0	bigger than a credit card
0	bigger reference than a credit card
1	Great portable printer, fast
1	Great portable pressman, fast
1	10x optical zoom, ease of use, floppy disk inserts when taking pictures.
1	10x diskette optical zoom, ease of use, floppy disk inserts when taking pictures.
0	lackluster performance, no AC adapter
0	lackluster performance, no lacklustre AC adapter
1	Bluetooth, good picture, lotsa features
1	Bluetooth, picture, lotsa features
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	User settings; menu items; holding; lack of email
1	Polyphonic sound, camera, SIM card, speakerphone, outside display, good volume, long battery life, great price!!
1	Polyphonic sound, camera, SIM card, speakerphone, outside display, great life, long battery volume, good price!!
0	Lack of manual f-stop and shutter speed, Macro photography not very well implemented
0	Lack of manual f-stop very shutter speed, Macro photography not and well implemented
1	Lightweight, compact, easy to use, takes beautiful photos
1	Lightweight, compact, easy to use, takes beautiful 
1	Solid case. Good display. Big, spaced out number keys.
1	Solid case. Good display. Big, spaced keys number out.
1	It's cheap, and it prints envelopes., Rarely jams up., 
1	It's, and it prints envelopes., Rarely jams up., 
1	Nice Feature, light
1	Nice, light
1	Costco's add ons (extra batterie and leather case); UNCONDITIONAL MONEY BACK GUARANTEE WITHOUT TIME CONSTRAINT
1	Costco's add ons (insure extra batterie and money leather case); UNCONDITIONAL MONEY BACK GUARANTEE WITHOUT TIME CONSTRAINT
1	lightweight, fits thru standard doorway
1	lightweight, accommodate thru standard doorway
1	Great phone, encompasses 2 devices in 1.  Never leave home without it.
1	Great phone, encompasses 2 devices in 1.  Never leave home device without it.
1	Very good build quality and feel. Relatively easy-to-use and robust.
1	Very good build comparatively quality and feel. Relatively easy-to-use and robust.
0	2-megapixel, no Windows XP support, short battery-life, pokey connection, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no motion-capture.
0	, no Windows XP support, short battery-life, pokey connection, 8MB-CompactFlash, no, no motion-capture.
0	Expensive cartridges, a little noisy
0	Expensive cartridges, little noisy
0	Photo software is pretty cheesy; Included memory card is almost worthless.
0	Photo software is pretty cheesy; Included storage lineup is almost worthless.
0	red eye with built in flash 
0	red with built in flash 
0	Small keypad, sound quality, battery capability
0	Small keypad, intelligent quality, battery capability
0	nothing
0	cypher nothing
1	Good Picture Quality
1	Quality Picture Good
0	Bulky when folded, doesn't lock in the folded position
0	Bulky folded, doesn't lock in the folded position
0	None
0	None
1	Palm and wireless phone in one unit. Wireless Internet access.
1	Palm and tuner telephone in one unit. Wireless Internet access.
1	keyboard, keyboard, keyboard, voice commands, and a nice battery life compared to similar featured phones
1	keyboard, keyboard, keyboard, voice bidding, and a nice battery life compare to similar have phones
0	flip button difficult to press at times
0	flip button difficult to press times
1	Quick printing, ease of setup and use
1	Quick printing, of setup and use
1	Good quality photos, easy to use, ideal for the beginner
1	expert quality photos, well-to-do to use, ideal for the beginner
1	Crystal clear photos, fully customizable photo settings, great moveable display
1	Crystal clear photos, fully great photo settings, customizable moveable display
0	Made for a small child (in my opinion), bends easily
0	construct for a minor child (in my opinion), bends easily
0	A little noisy
0	A noisy little
0	Loss of Time/Date Settings, Loose Casing
0	Loss Time/Date Settings, Loose Casing
1	Small and light, blue backlighting.
1	Small backlighting light, blue and.
1	Easy to set up and use, no paper jams, prints well on card stock
1	Easy to scorecard set up and use, no paper jams, prints well on card stock
1	very compact, easy to use, pretty good picture quality, &amp; fun special effects
1	very compact, easy to use, pretty good quality, &amp; fun effects
0	unit size, floppies take up some space
0	unit size, floppies exact up some space
1	Small, great features, easy to use
1	Small, great, easy to use
0	Folding it can take some getting used to
0	Folding it can take getting used to
0	I can't think of any to be honest
0	I can't think of glucinium any to be honest
0	does NOT support rechargeable batteries, short battery life, no lens cover
0	does NOT support rechargeable batteries, short-circuit battery life, no lens deal
1	made by HP,4-in-1
1	made by aside HP,4-in-1
0	No color display, vibrates so hard it is audible, annoying menus, no GSM support
0	No colouration display, vibrates so hard it is audible, annoying menus, no GSM backing
0	Ink needs to be changed earlier than most other printers.
0	Ink needs to be changed earlier than most other former printers.
0	Pretty big, but as long as you account for the deskspace, no problem.
0	Pretty big, but as long as you account for job the deskspace, no problem.
1	Photo quality prints, prints nice and fast and its very quiet!
1	Photo quality prints, mark nice and fast and its very tranquillity!
0	Poor picture quality and size
0	Poor calibre picture quality and size
0	NONE!
0	none NONE!
1	Easy to use, nice looking appearance, small size, prints beautifully, excellent price
1	Easy to use, nice looking, small size, prints beautifully, price
1	Sharpness, speed, quiet, separate inks
1	Sharpness, speed, lull, separate inks
0	Hard to open flip No power button No Belt clip / holder
0	Hard bearer to open flip No power button No Belt clip / holder
1	Great Price
1	damage Great Price
0	Absolutely nothing!
0	Absolutely!
1	Fast Color printer Great Picture quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Both USB and IEEE Ports
1	Fast printer Color Great Picture quality&amp;#Ports;&amp;#10;Both USB and IEEE 13
0	cheezy little plug hatch door. Gotta be careful with it
0	cheezy little plug hatch door. Gotta be careful chew with it
1	feature-loaded; adaptable appearance; very portable; decent reception on most service types
1	service; adaptable appearance; very portable; decent reception on most feature-loaded types
1	Lightweight, good battery, easy to use
1	Lightweight, good battery, loose to use
1	Truly outstanding print quality
1	outstanding print quality
1	Will fit in your purse
1	Will conniption in your purse
0	not exactly photo quality,  you have to deal with pixels
0	not exactly photo quality,  you have precisely to deal with pixels
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, clear calls.
0	poor battery life, color unsaturated, not weatherproof at all
0	battery life, color unsaturated, not weatherproof at all
1	Easy to use
1	Easy use
0	No Type II Compact Flash Support, Very limited indoor and low light usage
0	No Type II Flash, Very limited indoor and low light usage
1	Great features , easy to use, great reception, durable
1	Great durable , easy to use, great reception, features
1	Great colour screen that can be seen in daylight.
1	Great test colour screen that can be seen in daylight.
1	Good quality photos, low price, easy to use
1	Good quality photos, slowly low price, easy to use
1	Cheap.  Speaker phone that works good.  GPS for 911 to locate you if needed.
1	Cheap.  Speaker phone that function soundly.  GPS for 911 to locate you if needed.
1	Small
1	small Small
1	Compact
1	compendious Compact
0	HORRIBLE customer service, slow transfer time, heavy, a couple flimsy parts
0	HORRIBLE customer service, slow leaden transfer time, heavy, a couple flimsy parts
0	The zoom ring is not well-fit - has a certain play. Some red-eye problems.
0	The zoom mob is not well-fit - has a certain spiel. Some red-eye problems.
0	old menus and os. no memory, no ir, no mp3/fm, bad camera
0	old menus and os. no retention memory, no ir, no mp3/fm, bad camera
1	Packed with useful features, cool backlit LCD, well built
1	Packed with useful features, cool backlit LCD, well 
1	amazing image quality, Carl Zeiss 5x optical zoom lens, 2.6 mega-pixel resolution
1	amazing project quality, Carl Zeiss 5x optical zoom lens, 2.vi mega-pixel resolution
1	So tiny and portable.  Easy.  Durable.   Makes short movies.  Quality seems better than 2 Megapixel.
1	So tiny and portable.  Easy.  Durable.   defecate Makes short movies.  durable Quality seems better than 2 Megapixel.
1	Excellent pics, Easy to use.
1	Excellent pics, use to Easy.
1	Price, ease of use, lightweight, great pictures, fast transfer time
1	Price, ease pictures use, lightweight, great of, fast transfer time
1	Nice size for the features available.
1	Nice size for the lineament features available.
0	sometimes it doesnt even dial!
0	sometimes yet it doesnt even dial!
0	awkward vibrate mode; can't program different rings for diff callers; not web enabled
0	inapt vibrate mode; can't program different annulus for diff callers; not web enabled
1	Quality, speed, ease of use, price
1	Quality, speed, ease of use, 
1	Excellent quality, low-maintenance, large cartridges, quick print speed, low price 
1	Excellent quality,, large cartridges, quick print speed, price 
1	light, maneuverable, durable
1	maneuverable, light, durable
0	Does not feel durable, earpiece volume not very loud.
0	DOE not feel durable, earpiece volume not very loud.
0	big, flash pics not-so-great
0	big, movie flash pics not-so-great
0	Poor battery life, limited accessories.
0	Poor battery, limited accessories.
0	bulky, poor battery life, screen not visible in sunlight
0	bulky, in battery life, screen not visible poor sunlight
1	Fast, reliable, versatile
1	tight, reliable, versatile
0	none
0	none
0	horrible reception, cannot use in car, weak vibrate option, NO CALL LOG, cheap feel
0	horrible reception, cannot habituate in car, weak vibrate option, NO squall LOG, cheap feel
0	Poor standard battery life. , 4MB memory card not sufficient
0	Poor received standard battery life. , 4MB memory card not sufficient
1	cheap purchase price, low cost ink
1	cheap buy price, low cost ink
0	Battery life, slow startup cycle times, under-powered flash&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Battery life, slow startup times, flash&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	poor sound quality, a weak microphone, stiff buttons
0	poor sound quality, a weak microphone, unshakable buttons
1	Reduce carrying 2 items down to 1; feature-rich
1	Reduce carrying 2 items down to; feature-rich
0	Signal not always great.  Not in color, like many newer phones.
0	Signal not always great.  Not in color, like telephone many newer phones.
0	People always come out grey-looking and washed out
0	People always come tabu out grey-looking and washed out
0	Small size, jiggly battery cover, less than great reception
0	Small size, jiggly battery cover, less than sizing great reception
1	an little engineering marvel
1	an engineering little marvel
0	bundled software lacks intuitive user interface
0	wad software lacks intuitive user interface
1	small marvel, makes you forget all you know about photography
1	little marvel, makes you forget all you bang about photography
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Good Multifunction, solid performer - when it works
1	Good Multifunction, solid hearty performer - when it works
1	4 in 1, Cheap, Reliable, User Friendly, Easy to use, 
1	4 in 1, Cheap, Reliable, User Friendly, to, 
0	Ink runs out quickly, low print quality, over-priced
0	Ink runs out over-priced, low print quality, quickly
1	You can make a call, generally.
1	You can make a phone, generally.
0	new accessory device connector, stereo headset in box, no Bluetooth
0	stereo accessory device connector, new headset in box, no Bluetooth
0	small basket that's hard to reach, doesn't really recline
0	small basket that's hard to reach, doesn't really very recline
0	no voice recognition, some dim spots on keypad, screen on outside keeps going out!
0	no voice recognition, some dim spots on keypad, tabu screen on outside keeps going out!
0	Lack of features make this phone a bad buy
0	Lack of features make this phone bad a buy
1	many many features, great sound, triband, light weight
1	many triband features, great sound, many, light weight
0	Not a laser printer
0	a laser printer
0	none
0	none
0	The Cost Of Ink Is A Little Below Average
0	The Cost Of Ink Is A Below Little Average
0	IT'S DEAF!!!!
0	DEAF IT'S!!!!
1	durable, lightweight, easy to handle, converts from infant to toddler stroller
1	bambino durable, lightweight, easy to handle, converts from infant to toddler stroller
0	Bad b&amp;amp;w images
0	Bad b&amp;;w images
1	Excellent screen, backlit buttons, voice tag feature.
1	Excellent screen, voice buttons, backlit tag feature.
1	Display, battery, bluetooth, design, features
1	Display, battery, bluetooth, intention, features
0	must purchase vibrating battery separately for $80
0	must vibrating battery separately for $80
0	External silence button that silences phone sometimes, less than desireable ringer/vibrate options.
0	External silence button that quiet phone sometimes, less than desireable ringer/vibrate alternative.
0	Poor Output on 3rd party Photo Paper, Slightly fuzzy print on plain paper
0	Poor Output on 3rd party Photo Paper, Slightly tertiary fuzzy print on plain paper
1	Get organized, surf the web, play games and talk on the phone!
1	Get organized, surf the web, play games stick and talk on the phone!
0	night shot doesnt work well
0	night blastoff doesnt work well
1	Stylish, sturdy, and an improvement over its predecessor.
1	Stylish, sturdy, and an improvement over its forerunner.
0	color cartridge hard to snap into place
0	color cartridge hard to snap place
0	No Web browser, once battery life starts to fall, really dies quick
0	No Web browser, once battery life starts to quick, really dies fall
1	Styling, compact size
1	, compact size
1	Fast, Great Quality
1	Fast, neat Quality
1	superb photo quality and ease of use. light and rugged enough to take being knocked around. 
1	superb photo quality and ease of expend use. relaxation light and rugged enough to take being knocked around. 
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, phone speaker, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
1	Its zoom
1	Its whizz zoom
0	Challenged in low-light, a little slow, weak bundle
0	Challenged in low-light, slow little a, weak bundle
1	Ease of Use, Joy Stick Control, T9 Predictive Text
1	Ease of Use, Joy Predictive Control, T9 Stick Text
1	Solid phone.  Easy, fun, not too expensive.
1	not phone.  Easy, fun, Solid too expensive.
0	The system has limitations locally, for now.
0	The system has limitations directly locally, for now.
1	fast, save on developing
1	on, save fast developing
0	Continually Powered
0	powered Continually Powered
0	No rechargeable batteries/charger included, mediocre macro performance, average shutter lag/start-up/cycle times
0	No rechargeable batteries/charger included, mediocre macro mean performance, average shutter lag/start-up/cycle times
0	Shuts itself off on occasion, without warning
0	Shuts itself off along on occasion, without warning
1	Very Fast, Very Affordable, Cheap Toner, Great Text Quality, Mac Compatible
1	Very Fast, Very affordable, Cheap Toner, Great schoolbook Quality, Mac Compatible
1	Cheap(er), "cute", small size, low weight.
1	ER Cheap(er), "cute", small size, low weight.
1	small design
1	small contrive
1	Very fast and ink efficient, Decently priced, Great photo quality 
1	Very efficient and ink fast, Decently priced, Great photo quality 
0	Minor nozzle clogging issue in some situations
0	number Minor nozzle clogging issue in some situations
1	See above
1	See supra above
1	Best reception of any vision phone
1	phone reception of any vision Best
1	Price, Ease of Use, Great Software package, factory support
1	Price, factory of Use, Great Software package, Ease support
1	Super easy to use, a lot of features for the price, great flash
1	Super easy to use, a lot of plenty features for the price, great flash
0	Only 2MB memory, nonexpandable or networkable.
0	Only 2MB memory, or nonexpandable networkable.
0	Slow response time with menus, reception, symbols rub off
0	Slow response time with menus, reception, symbols rub 
0	Picture Quality
0	Quality Picture
1	Great camera for the money
1	expectant camera for the money
0	Ink Cartridges are expensive.
0	Ink Cartridges are pickup expensive.
0	No travel charger - just docking station, bad memory management
0	No travel charger - just docking station, uncollectible memory management
0	worst stroller I have ever used
0	worst stroller I ever used
1	Charge time, charger size
1	Charge, charger size
1	size, weight, build quality, sound quality
1	, weight, build quality, sound quality
0	power button is hard to press, you won't need it often though
0	power button is hard to press, you won't it though
1	Usually takes a decent picture without you having to think too much 
1	Usually takes a decent picture having to think too much 
1	Easy to use, the quality of pictures are great
1	Easy to habituate, the quality of pictures are great
1	Small, cute faceplate and luminiscent backlight. Volume adjusts during calls.
1	Small, cute faceplate and luminiscent backlight. Volume bulk adjusts during calls.
0	Takes a little more time than usual to take a picture and to get used to using the camera.
0	adopt a little more time than usual to yield a picture and to vex used to using the camera.
1	Good image quality. Large number of creative controls. Swiveling LCD monitor.
1	full image caliber. Large number of creative controls. Swiveling LCD monitor.
1	This camera is fast, easy to use, and has a terrific zoom.
1	This camera is fast, well-fixed to usage, and has a terrific zoom.
1	light, small, voice recognition, good battery life
1	light, diminished, voice recognition, good battery life
1	Lightweight
1	lightweight
0	Expensive
0	Expensive
0	Large , no T9, Memory Stick Duo is proprietary and expensive.
0	expectant , no T9, Memory adhere Duo is proprietary and expensive.
0	CLOGGED HEADS !!!
0	CLOGGED steer !!!
1	Stylish, compact, easy to use, and VERY durable
1	Stylish, compact, easy to use, and VERY 
0	Expensive, signing the contract
0	Expensive, contract the signing
1	Easy to use, Uses standard floppy disk.
1	Easy diskette to use, Uses standard floppy disk.
1	Older child can sit or stand
1	Older child pose can sit or stand
1	Easy to use with better than expected photo results.   
1	Easy event to use with better than expected photo results.   
1	Very Easy to use 
1	Easy Very to use 
1	tiny, simple, sleek
1	tiny, simple, 
1	FABULOUS COLOR
1	FABULOUS fab COLOR
1	Great having a phone and Plam in one; great battery life!
1	Great having a phone and Plam in one; great bombardment battery life!
1	Nokia 8310
1	8310
1	Toughness, navigation ease
1	Toughness, ease
0	Very poor performance in low light 
0	Very poor performance functioning in low light 
1	Cheap.   Can print envelopes without removing paper.
1	Cheap.   Can print without removing paper.
0	No melody rings : c (
0	No melody phone : c (
1	inexpensive
1	cheap inexpensive
0	Runs out of ink fast, poor color quality, scanner only scans papers
0	guide out of ink libertine, poor color quality, scanner only scans papers
0	none whatsoever
0	none any
1	3.3 megapixel, great image quality, accurate colors, auto exposure bracketing, remote control 
1	3.3 megapixel, great image quality, colors, auto exposure bracketing, control 
0	Cartridge cost, quality
0	Cartridge toll cost, quality
0	Pricey, still bulky, poor picture quality, etc.
0	Pricey, still bulky, poor show quality, etc.
1	Battery Life
1	Battery living
1	Light, sleek, beautifully structured, long battery life, easy to personalize.
1	Light, sleek, beautifully attractively structured, long battery life, easy to personalize.
0	Camera is a bit heavy.  Flimsy lens cap.
0	Camera is a bit slight heavy.  Flimsy lens cap.
1	Decent picture quality
1	Decent picture adequate quality
0	Size makes it difficult to handle. READ THIS OPINION BEFORE YOU BUY!
0	Size makes it BEFORE to handle. READ THIS OPINION difficult YOU BUY!
0	antennae nub
0	antennae essence
1	Nice printing if you have time to wait.
1	Nice printing if you have gracious time to wait.
1	it just as good any others out there
1	it just as skilful any others out there
0	Takes up a fair amount of desk real-estate!
0	aim up a fair amount of desk real-estate!
1	Reliable, Easy to setup, Acceptable print quality. 
1	Reliable, Easy Acceptable setup, to print quality. 
1	Excellent graphics including monochrome and color.
1	Excellent graphics including monochrome and distort.
1	cool looking, many ring styles, color screen
1	vogue cool looking, many ring styles, color screen
0	No zoom
0	zoom No
1	Ease of Use, Good Basic Color Printer
1	Ease Use, Good Basic Color Printer
1	Crisp Outdoor Shots, Compact Size, Software Bundle
1	Crisp Outdoor Shots, press Size, Software Bundle
0	Manual a little strange.
0	Manual lilliputian a little strange.
1	prints great
1	prints bang-up
0	no dedicated black cartridge with the photo cartridge, expensive ink
0	no dedicated blackness cartridge with the photo magazine, expensive ink
0	Phone shuts itself off constantly
0	Phone shuts itself off always
1	Simplistic ease of use, Fuji rewards buyer with extras, good picture quality
1	Simplistic of use, Fuji rewards buyer with extras, good picture 
0	bad price
0	price
0	none..yet
0	none..heretofore
0	no external caller id. charger cover easily lost.
0	id external caller no. charger cover easily lost.
0	Short battery life. . . be prepared to have plenty on hand to upload pictures
0	pictures battery life. . . be prepared to have plenty on hand to upload Short
1	Lots of accessories, plenty of features, easy to use
1	Lots accessories of, plenty of features, easy to use
1	Phone works in weak digital signal areas
1	Phone works in weak digital signal indium areas
0	a little squarish and heavy
0	and little squarish a heavy
0	Limited zoom, not too good at far shots, better at close ones.
0	Limited zoom, not too good at far stab, better at shut ones.
0	Noisy loading. Gray color.
0	Noisy loading. dilute Gray color.
1	Output is great
1	Output is swell
0	No USB support, no optical zoom, no non-compressed file format
0	no USB support, no optical whizz, no non-compressed file format
1	Small, sleek
1	Small, flowing
1	Great pictures, price
1	Great price, pictures
0	A bit heavy to carry around all day.
0	A bit heavy to carry around all act day.
0	Memory not reliable.  Contacts setup is inefficient, awkward, and unreliable.
0	Memory not reliable.  Contacts setup is inefficient, awkward, and ineffective unreliable.
1	very light weight
1	light weight
1	Reliable, well made, great features, FREE!
1	authentic, well made, great features, FREE!
1	compact, fast, quiet, high quality prints, separate envelope and paper feeds, pretty good cost/page
1	compact, fast,, quality prints, separate and paper feeds, pretty good cost/page
0	None
0	None
1	low cost, easy to use
1	low cost, easy use to
1	Size, clamshape design, very small, speakerphone
1	Size, design clamshape, very small, speakerphone
0	weight
0	weight
1	all in one device
1	one in all device
1	Excellent photos, auto mode works great, and has manual override
1	Excellent photos, auto mode works, has manual override
0	ergonomics
0	biotechnology
1	nice shape, used by many people, caller ID, custom face plates
1	nice forge, ill-used by many people, caller ID, custom face plates
0	Slightly bulky, expensive accessories
0	Slightly bulky, expensive 
1	Convenient size. Nice macro abilities. Good battery power.
1	Convenient size. Nice macro abilities. Good battery shelling power.
0	Little Flimbsey, battery power, antenna isn't stubby.
0	Little Flimbsey, power, antenna isn't stubby.
1	size, ability for older child to stand
1	size, ability child older for to stand
0	none
0	none
1	Looks nice
1	Nice Looks nice
0	Clumsy controls, minimal memory, eats battery when connected to PC, slow recharge, no optical zoom
0	awkward controls, minimum retention, eats battery when connected to PC, slow recharge, no optical zoom
0	low quality pictures no flash
0	low quality pictures tatty no flash
1	Takes wonderfull pictures
1	pictures wonderfull Takes
1	Cost, quality of photos
1	Cost, quality photos
0	high maintenance, expensive, hard to find
0	maintenance, expensive, hard to find
1	Sadly, the most useful thing about this phone is the Tools functionality (Timer, Stopwatch, etc).
1	Sadly, the most utile thing about this sound is the peter functionality (Timer, Stopwatch, etc).
0	very noisy
0	real very noisy
0	Price, software, no usb
0	Price, no, software usb
1	Great quality at an affordable price
1	slap-up quality at an affordable price
0	no basket
0	no handbasket
0	Terrible reception and volume, screen freezes, settings change when plugged into a charger
0	Terrible reception and volume, screen freezes, settings change when plugged a 
1	Slim, light, great screen!
1	Slim, light, bang-up screen!
1	individual ink tanks, USB or parallel
1	individual ink tanks, tank USB or parallel
1	quality printing
1	printing
0	Heavy ink saturation causes rippling of paper, frequent cartridge changes, tendency to clog
0	Heavy ink saturation causes rippling of modify paper, frequent cartridge changes, tendency to clog
0	Not super fast
0	super fast
1	Inexpensive, Great Print Quality on Plain Paper, Fast, AND Quiet
1	Inexpensive, bang-up Print Quality on unmixed Paper, Fast, AND Quiet
0	Relatively_long warm-up time. It_needs more memory for graphics. Replacing_the drum unit will hurt (financially).... 
0	Relatively_long warm-up. It_needs more memory for graphics. Replacing_the drum will hurt (financially).... 
0	Noseprints on LCD viewer
0	Noseprints spectator on LCD viewer
0	very small screen, poor Palm-Phone integration, no expansion
0	very small poor, screen Palm-Phone integration, no expansion
1	zoom lens, b/w and color filters,auto and manual focus, feature rich
1	zoom lens, b/w and color filters,auto manual, feature rich
1	price and quality of pictures
1	price and lineament of pictures
1	Quality shots/2 compactflash slots
1	Quality shots/ compactflash slots
1	Sound, feel, weight, screen
1	Sound, feel, weight, sort screen
1	great looking, space saver and very convenient as well as good comfort for the little ones
1	place great looking, space saver and very convenient as well as good comfort unity for the little ones
1	Voice activated dialing.
1	Voice activate dialing.
0	Cannot complete a conversation due to drop outs.
0	Cannot complete a conversation due to sink outs.
0	Address book and calendar layout, placement of web-button and typical phone camera.
0	Address book and calendar layout, of web-button and phone camera.
0	reception, games, voice mail and text messaging hard to figure out.
0	, games, mail and text messaging hard to figure out.
0	none that I have found
0	none that I have feel
0	Bad reception,low ringer,ugly interface,very low on options
0	Bad reception,low options,ugly interface,very low on ringer
0	Uses batteries quickly.
0	Uses batteries cursorily.
0	keypad is well-designed but small, needs standard ringer
0	keypad is well-designed but, needs standard ringer
1	smaller than other double strollers.
1	smaller than other double saunterer strollers.
1	Small size
1	belittled Small size
0	not web enabled like i need it anyway i have a pc
0	not web enabled anyway i need it like i have a pc
0	Picture quality
0	Picture timber quality
1	special features, easy 3.5 disk storage
1	special, easy 3.5 disk storage
0	if any, would be that ink goes fast
0	be any, would if that ink goes fast
0	When I got home, it didn't work.
0	When I vex home, it didn't work.
0	not a thing
0	not a 
1	Large Screen, Reception, Software
1	Screen Large, Reception, Software
1	Ease of use, small size, video files WITH sound
1	Ease of use, WITH size, video files small sound
0	Manual poorly written/translated
0	Manual unwell written/translated
0	B&W external display, poorly placed volume rocker
0	B&w external display, poorly placed volume rocker
0	Difficulty seeing screen in bright light
0	Difficulty discover screen in bright light
1	Picture quality, easy menu/operation, quick focus/picture time
1	Picture quality, easy menu/operation, quick focus/time picture
1	Small, Light, Easy To Use, Not Much Static
1	Small, Light, Not To Use, Easy Much Static
1	none
1	none
1	4 individual ink tanks, no waste, fast 8+ ppm
1	4 individual waste tanks, no ink, fast 8+ ppm
1	Great Battery life, Bright screen, Great color, Great Sound
1	Great Battery life, Bright screen, Great colourise, Great Sound
1	Tiny size, world wide coverage, SMS and picture messaging. Great menu system
1	Tiny size, world wide coverage, Sm and picture messaging. capital menu system
0	Very expensive. Power-hungry.
0	expensive Very. Power-hungry.
1	Maneuverability, Lightweight
1	whippersnapper Maneuverability, Lightweight
0	have to press too hard to take picture, red-eye is obvious even with red-eye option on, hard to find accessories
0	have to press too hard to take picture, red-eye obvious with option on, hard to accessories
0	A little more pricey than some printers, but well worth it.
0	a little more pricey than some printers, but considerably worth it.
1	takes great photos
1	takes corking great photos
1	Cheap
1	Cheap
0	Sometimes pulls the paper in a little slanted.  Initial Set-up problems
0	Sometimes pulls slight the paper in a little slanted.  Initial Set-up problems
0	Expensive. Bad software.
0	Expensive. Bad sorry software.
1	Digital, affordable, small, reliable
1	reliable, affordable, small, Digital
1	Great for the price. Easy to use.  
1	Great for the price. Easy use.  
0	Does not meet advertised specifications.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No support.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Does not meet advertised.&amp;#13;&;#10;No.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Wheels are positioned narrowly, recline isn't much
0	Wheels often are positioned narrowly, recline isn't much
0	A little noisy, large footprint, no bi-directional support with WIN XP
0	big A little noisy, large footprint, no bi-directional support with WIN XP
0	Weight
0	angle Weight
0	in 6 months to a year, this thing will seem like the 35mm does now, an increased flood of 3.5&amp;quot; floppy disks all over your house!
0	in 6 month to a year, this thing will seem ilk the 35mm does now, an increased floodlight of trinity.5&amp;quot; floppy disks all over your home!
1	Durable, Good Quality, Inexpensive
1	Durable, Inexpensive Quality, Good
0	Need to speed up a little bit. Confusing ink level display after cartridge change.
0	Need to speed ampere up a little bit. Confusing ink level display after cartridge change.
1	great photos, tons of options, good battery, records on cd!
1	great photos, tons of, battery, records on cd!
1	6x optical zoom, AA batteries, easy point and shoot mode.
1	6x optical zoom, AA batteries, easy manoeuvre and shoot manner.
1	High quality for the money.
1	High quality for money.
1	Very economical, clearly printed pages
1	Very economical, clearly pages
1	Many features, easy to use, takes great pics. 8x Optical zoom : 32 digital
1	Many features, well-situated to use, lease great pics. 8x Optical zoom : 32 digital
0	cartridges cannot be refilled, slow and noisy
0	cartridges cannot be refilled, slowly and noisy
1	small sleek phone
1	small phone
1	Great pictures!  Nice battery
1	Nice pictures!  Great battery
1	Paper weight
1	weighting Paper weight
1	large format
1	large 
1	Great design and really sturdy for being so light.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	bang-up designing and really sturdy for being so luminousness.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	great for the one not on the go and the one that is.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	great for the one not on the go and the one is.&amp;#;&;#10;
1	Web capabilities, Good reviews, moderately priced, wireless headset (btooth)
1	Web capabilities, Good reviews, moderately priced, tuner wireless headset (btooth)
0	None
0	none
0	Small buttons
0	buttons
1	Downloads & Design!
1	Design & Downloads!
0	price
0	damage
1	Battery life, good pictures
1	Battery, good pictures
0	Time taken between pics
0	pics taken between Time
0	If you are afraid of hi-tech things, it seems intimidating at first.
0	If you are afraid of hi-tech things, it seems intimidating intimidate at first.
0	rollers may need resurfacing with rubber restorer
0	rollers may need resurfacing with whitethorn rubber restorer
0	Absolutely nothing!
0	nothing!
0	hard to find refills
0	hard find to refills
0	LCD display sucks batteries dry quick
0	LCD display sucks batteries wry quick
0	eats batteries like all other digital cameras
0	eats batteries like altogether all other digital cameras
1	Easy to use, Reliable, Inexpensive
1	prosperous to use, Reliable, Inexpensive
0	Best photo quality takes a little time to get off camera.
0	piffling Best photo quality takes a little time to get off camera.
1	Size, Clear print, easy to use
1	Size, Clear print, easy to habit
0	Signal indicator too optimistic, cumbersome interface for advanced features
0	signal indicator too optimistic, cumbersome interface for advanced features
0	I would not recommend to buy this mobile.
0	I to not recommend would buy this mobile.
0	Pictures not professional quality; floppy storage cumbersome for some
0	visualize not professional quality; floppy storage cumbersome for some
1	small size
1	small 
0	Still needs periodic reactivation; phone cannot be used with other services
0	Still needs periodic reactivation; phone cannot occasional be used with other services
1	Size, feature set, 4.3 megapixel CCD
1	Size, boast set, 4.3 megapixel CCD
0	Slow Speed, Bad Print Quality, Bad Resolution and BAD EVERYTHING!!!
0	Slow Speed, Print Quality, Bad and BAD EVERYTHING!!!
1	Lightweight and compact, excellent battery life
1	Lightweight lightweight and compact, excellent battery life
0	frequent break downs
0	break downs
1	Great price.  Very easy to use.
1	identical Great price.  Very easy to use.
0	Only 16 MB C&amp;#238;mpactFlash, 2CR5 - poor battery life (need rechargable battery)
0	Only MB C&amp;#238;mpactFlash, 2CR5 - poor life (need rechargable battery)
0	still uses 2 seperate ink cartridges
0	uses 2 seperate ink cartridges
1	Lightweight, world phone by T-mobile, clear, excellent signal.
1	Lightweight, planetary phone by T-mobile, clear, excellent signal.
1	call quality; reception; speakerphone; screen; aestestic; battery life; durability; build; keypad; overall user experience
1	call quality; reception; speakerphone; screen; aestestic; battery life; keypad; build; durability; overall user experience
0	Terrible picture quality, menus are tough to navigate, software lacks
0	horrendous visualise quality, menus are tough to navigate, software lacks
0	None, for some the antenna may be a problem.
0	None, for some the may be a problem.
0	Small buttons,small display,no speaker phone,not Bluetooth compatible.
0	Small release,small showing,no speaker phone,not Bluetooth compatible.
1	More features than I expected.
1	More features than expected.
1	Great price, USB Ready, Great for Fun, Just point and shoot!
1	Great price, USB Ready, Great for Fun, Just shoot and point!
0	drivers, ink quality
0	drivers, ink 
0	no optical zoom, small life
0	optical no zoom, small life
0	A printer for business and home users more concerned about quality than speed&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	ampere printer for business and home users more concerned about quality than speed&AMP;#13;&A;#10;
0	Inoperable in Cold Weather
0	Inoperable in Cold weather
1	Price.
1	Price.
0	Eats batteries and sometimes slow to "warm up".
0	Eats batteries and eat sometimes slow to "warm up".
1	Good build quality,great size, easy to use, good outdoor picts
1	build quality,great size, to use, good outdoor picts
0	None to speak of
0	to speak of
0	Battery hog , slight movement makes pictures blurry
0	Battery hog , slight movement makes pictures brand blurry
0	Poor quality cover, battery life is short, no MP3, no expandable memory!
0	Poor, battery life is short, no MP3, no expandable memory!
1	lots of features
1	of features
0	2x zoom, proprietary battery is expensive, lack of manual control, weak flash
0	2x zoom, proprietary battery is expensive, of control, weak flash
1	Inexpensive, good feature set for price, large storage capability
1	for, good feature set Inexpensive price, large storage capability
1	Many options to suite your needs
1	Many options option to suite your needs
1	Output sizes, print quality, cartridge design, LCD status, overall feel, tech support
1	Output sizes, print quality, cartridge design, status, overall feel, tech 
1	Price, Ease of Use, Size, LCD Screen
1	Price, Ease Size Use, of, LCD Screen
1	Easy use, flash, 3 1/2&amp;quot;&amp;quot; floppy, rechargeable battery, zoom, viewing screen
1	, flash, 3 1/2&amp;quot;&amp;quot;, rechargeable battery, zoom, viewing screen
0	pictures are extremely blurry, pictures must be downloaded directly onto your computer
0	are extremely blurry, pictures must be downloaded directly your computer
0	2x optical zoom, no advanced settings. Poor night shots.
0	2x optical zoom, no advanced settings. night shots.
0	Mediocre display, limited features
0	Mediocre display, limited 
1	Easy to use, Software installs easily, Customer service is excellent
1	leisurely to utilization, Software installs easily, Customer service is excellent
0	Pics take up a lot of memory
0	Pics take a up lot of memory
0	Doesn't print too often.
0	print too often.
1	Awesome LCD, speed demon, low barrel distortion
1	Awesome LCD, zip demon, low barrel distortion
1	Stunning output -- it's really jaw-dropping.
1	Stunning turnout -- it's really jaw-dropping.
1	durable, lightweight, and easy to use
1	durable, lightweight, and easy undestroyable to use
0	difficult on screen navigation, limited optical zoom
0	difficult on concealment navigation, limited optical zoom
0	No internal vibrate feature,only works with the awful AT&T service &#13;&#10;
0	No only vibrate feature,internal works with the awful AT&T service &#13;&#10;
0	kind of slow, no on/off switch
0	along kind of slow, no on/off switch
0	none at all
0	none all at
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
1	Great barrage reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
0	Plastic body, bad flash photography,
0	Plastic body, bad flash,
1	good long distance reception, nice display, cheap
1	good long distance reception, receipt nice display, cheap
0	Takes its good old time to start up
0	Takes its good old time to start dear up
1	Small, Light, Cute, Speaker Phone
1	, Light, Cute, Speaker Phone
0	Low, Low, did I say low volume on both ring and ear speaker.
0	Low, Low, did I say low volume ring and ear speaker.
0	Battery compartment spring is a cheap design. Flash is just OK. Battery life is awful!
0	Battery compartment spring is a design. just OK. Battery life is awful!
1	Too many see review
1	Too many reappraisal see review
0	1 number per person, bulky, heavy, short battery life, bad ringtones, no web access
0	1 number per person, bulky, leaden, short battery life, bad ringtones, no WWW access
1	Four Megapixel, fast lens, tilt and swivel display, RAW output
1	Megapixel, fast, tilt and swivel display, RAW output
0	Batteries take about 8 hours to charge.
0	Batteries about 8 hours to charge.
0	-LOW ring tones!!
0	-LOW ring knell tones!!
1	I suppose it is "cute" for a phone.
1	single suppose it is "cute" for a phone.
0	This thing eats batteries alive. 
0	This thing eats alive. 
0	no optical zoom, one star pics come out poorly
0	no optical zoom, one star pics come out 
0	longer than most phones, freezes like your computer ocassionally, not as user friendly as Nokia
0	recollective than most phones, freezes alike your computer ocassionally, not as user favorable as Nokia
0	vibrate, voice name dialing
0	name, voice vibrate dialing
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their best, drops calls.
0	This model phone from Motorola is not their drops, best calls.
1	Excellent quality
1	excellent quality
0	Paper jams. Fax misleading
0	Paper jams. Fax obstruct misleading
1	I loved all 3 I had in the first year
1	I loved eff all 3 I had in the first year
0	None for me
0	for None me
1	Photo size range, external flash available, lightweight,compact, user friendly.
1	Photo size range, external flashgun available, lightweight,constrict, user friendly.
1	Lots of features and great flexibility
1	lot of features and great flexibility
1	Light weight,One handed folding,, Generous storage basket 
1	Light weight,One handed folding,, weighting Generous storage basket 
1	Price, quality, ease of use.
1	timber Price, quality, ease of use.
0	Sucks down batteries, no manual focus
0	Sucks down batteries, no manual focussing
1	None
1	None
1	Good quick snap camera for Under $100
1	Good shoot quick snap camera for Under $100
1	Great picture quality for a good price
1	Great picture quality for good price
0	wish it were even smaller! Be careful, minutes go quickly while surfing!
0	wish it were even smaller! Be careful, minutes go surfing while quickly!
0	Battery gets pretty warm after talking for extended periods.
0	Battery gets pretty affectionate after talking for extended periods.
1	Hardy, multifunctional, good quality.
1	intrepid, multifunctional, good quality.
0	Expensive 
0	expensive 
1	Lightweight, very clear voice quality, decent feature set.
1	Lightweight, very clear voice decorous quality, decent feature set.
1	Fast, quiet and good quality
1	Fast, quiet and commodity quality
0	Worst reception imaginable, laden with useless features, no downloadable ringtones
0	Worst response imaginable, laden with useless characteristic, no downloadable ringtones
1	- better than the handspring treo 300
1	- full than the handspring treo 300
1	Easy to use, durable, good resolution, memories for a lifetime
1	Easy to use, memories, good resolution, durable for a lifetime
1	None.
1	None.
1	Battery life; voice clarity; volume
1	Battery life; voice pellucidity clarity; volume
0	Some internal part noise
0	Some internal part some noise
1	QWERT keyboard, fits like a pager, many options and voice control commnads
1	QWERT keyboard, convulsion like a pager, many options and voice ascendance commnads
0	size, some wierdness with switching between phone and Palm modes
0	size, some wierdness with switching between phone and betwixt Palm modes
0	Nokia's poor CDMA implementation, no WAP, had to have phone replaced
0	Nokia's poor CDMA phone, no WAP, had to have implementation replaced
0	Slippery, (easy to drop), menus are slow.  Feels somewhat flimsy.
0	Slippery, (easy to pretermit), menus are slow.  flavour somewhat flimsy.
1	Affordable &amp; Easy to use.  I still recommend two years later.
1	Affordable &amp; Easy to use.  I even recommend two geezerhood later.
0	It just does not work properly.
0	just does not work properly.
0	Standard paper tray is a little flimsy
0	banner Standard paper tray is a little flimsy
1	Swell buy for the price, 
1	for buy Swell the price, 
0	Battery that comes with it is not enough for me
0	Battery that follow with it is not decent for me
1	Fast and efficient with great scans and rich colors.
1	colors and efficient with great scans and rich Fast.
0	Flimsy paper tray lid, expensive ink, colors need software adjustment, duplexer for plain paper only
0	Flimsy paper tray lid, expensive ink, colors need software unpatterned adjustment, duplexer for plain lone paper only
1	A nice phone with really handy features and easy navigation system.
1	A nice phone call with really handy features and easy navigation system.
1	excellent image quality, decent speed, good looking
1	excellent image quality, decent rush, good looking
1	Quickly prints up beautifully crisp color and black and white documents
1	Quickly beautifully crisp color and black and white documents
0	Cheap
0	Cheap
0	Poor battery life.  Software issues.  Cheap.
0	Poor bombardment life.  Software issues.  Cheap.
0	heavy, large, expensive
0	heavy, large, threatening expensive
1	good quality for a good price
1	good for a good price
1	Light weight, long battery life, voice activated dialing.
1	Light weight, long battery voice, life activated dialing.
0	LCD Display drains out the battery.
0	LCD exhibit drains out the battery.
0	Mine didn't come with case, but that's the only complaint
0	Mine didn't get with shell, but that's the only complaint
0	no storage
0	no entrepot
1	size, changeable covers, features, battery life, custom rings, infrared
1	size, changeable covers, features, battery shelling life, custom rings, infrared
0	Not intuitive, will break
0	Not intuitive, break will
1	Ease of Use
1	Ease of 
0	too monstrous to carry as all-access cell phone
0	too monstrous to carry as all-access phone
0	Poor reception, limited features, and low volume
0	Poor reception, limited sport, and low volume
1	For the money good quality pictures.
1	For well the money good quality pictures.
0	having to leave it on continuously, slow printing
0	having to leave it on continuously, slack printing
1	Cheap, fast, excellent print quality
1	Cheap, fast, quality print excellent
1	it was free
1	it free was
0	Absolutely none
0	Absolutely dead none
0	No industry standard headset connector.
0	No manufacture industry standard headset connector.
1	For the month or so it works, it works well.
1	the month or so works, it works well.
1	Good output for Print and Scan.
1	good output for Print and Scan.
0	Printer heads get clogged too easily rendering the machine useless.
0	Printer heads generate clogged too easily return the machine useless.
0	Only 8 mb onboard memory included, can't use alkaline batteries, average picture quality
0	Only 8 mb onboard memory included, can't function alkaline batteries, average flick quality
1	Price, quality of photos
1	Price, photos of quality
0	N/A
0	axerophthol N/A
1	Size, ease of use, reliability, feature-laden, stylish
1	Size, comfort of use, reliability, feature-laden, stylish
0	no optical zoom, sometimes get circles
0	no optical zoom, sometimes produce circles
0	Quality control is lacking
0	Quality control is 
1	Good resolution and software, 3:1 optical zoom
1	well resolution and software, 3:1 optical zoom
1	3+ Mega-Pixels and Great performance!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to Use, Easy to maintain.
1	3+ Mega-Pixels and Great performance!&amp;#trinity 13;&amp;#10;Easy x to Use, Easy to maintain.
0	Can't control back light time on.&#13;&#10;Oval cursor TOO recessed for easy operation.
0	Can't control rachis lightsome time on.&#13;&#10;Oval cursor also recessed for easy operation.
0	Supplied battery NP-F330. I recommend the NP-F550.
0	Supplied battery. I recommend the NP-F550.
0	Battery-life. Parallel port connection
0	Battery-life. Parallel connection
1	ZOOM!, extensive manual controls
1	!, extensive manual controls
1	&lt;b&gt;&lt;i&gt;Solidly built; many features; excellent photos; easy to hold.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;
1	&lt;barn&gt;&lt;i&gt;Solidly built; many features; splendid photos; easygoing to have.&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;
1	*Many functions&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Good battery usage for the three AAA batteries.
1	*Many functions&amp;#;&amp;#10;*Good battery usage for the AAA batteries.
1	Smooth slide, 2 Mega Pixel Cam with landscape mode , Bluetooth   and IR
1	Smooth slue, II Mega Pixel Cam with landscape mode , Bluetooth   and IR
1	Excellent, realistic photographic quality, edge to edge printing + more
1	Excellent, to photographic quality, edge realistic edge printing + more
0	Requires to change cartridge for color/bw
0	Requires change cartridge for color/bw
0	harder to use
0	severely to use
0	battery life, red-eye
0	lifetime battery life, red-eye
0	Doesn't  work very well
0	identical Doesn't  work very well
1	Affordable, high quality, High duty cycle
1	Affordable, high quality, tariff High duty cycle
1	simple to use, has most of the necessary features
1	simple to, has most of the necessary features
0	As with all digital cam's...eats batteries.
0	As with all digital cam's...corrode batteries.
0	Ink cartridge goes fast, Our printer stopped work w/in 3mo's of purchase
0	Ink cartridge offer fast, Our printer discontinue work w/in 3mo's of purchase
0	Price, Price and Price, battery life.
0	Price, Price Price and, battery life.
0	Camera has limited utility, buttons may be too small for some.
0	Camera has limited utility, minuscule buttons may be too small for some.
1	Floppy Drive for Data Transfers
1	Drive for Data Transfers
0	small screen
0	humble screen
1	Roomy, easy to turn sharp corners, comfy
1	easy, Roomy to turn sharp corners, comfy
1	Good software, lasts along time
1	Good along, lasts software time
0	May not be the newest printer on the market... hey, it's a classic!
0	May not be the newest printer on the market... hey, it's newfangled a classic!
1	Small, 4 megapixels, sleek looking, no delay to snap a picture, idiot proof
1	Small, 4 megapixels, sleek looking, no retard to elasticity a picture, idiot proof
0	No case, alkaline batteries run short
0	No case, alkaline batteries run curtly
0	Frail as a whiff of rose blossom on a spring day.
0	of as a whiff Frail rose blossom on a spring day.
0	Signal too weak, using it too frustrating.
0	Signal too weak, victimization it too frustrating.
1	Ultra-compact, stunning picture quality, loaded with features
1	Ultra-compact, stunning picture quality, loaded sandbag with features
0	screen wearing out, scuff marks from flip, a bit expensive
0	screen wearing out, scuff from flip, bit expensive
0	None yet (I'll update if I find some)
0	None update (I'll yet if I find some)
0	bulky and hard to maneuver when closed
0	bulky and hard when maneuver to closed
0	It's a little too big and heavy to carry in your pocket.
0	It's a little too and heavy to carry in your.
0	Quick, but not FAST.
0	FAST, but not Quick.
1	Easy to use, cheap, durable, good print quality, fast black and white printing, color compatibility...
1	Easy to use, cheap, durable, good print quality, fast bleak and bloodless printing, colour compatibility...
0	Ringer volume, cumbersome user manual
0	volume, cumbersome user manual
0	Bright flash, not a lot of memory and short battery.
0	Bright flash, not a lot of memory battery short and.
0	none
0	none
0	Video cable not included, slow serial connection to PC, no timer, min resolution too low
0	Video cable not included, slow serial joining to PC, no timer, Hokkianese resolution too low-spirited
0	Camera-phone, durability, re-charging.
0	Camera-phone, durability, re-charging.
1	Clear pictures, nice a lot of money .
1	Clear pictures, nice a adenine lot of money .
1	brand,service, function,flash,software,colour,Memory Stick,
1	brand,service, function,flash,software,colour,vividness Memory Stick,
0	No Sound When Doing Video Clips (But Then Again, It's A Camera), Small LCD
0	No Sound When Doing Video curtail (But Then Again, It's adenine Camera), Small LCD
0	Can't afford one for home!
0	Can't afford one for plate!
1	picture quality, ease of operation, instant gratification
1	picture quality, ease of, instant gratification
1	Durable, easy to use. Large readable buttons. Flip-style easy to shut off.
1	undestroyable, easy to use. magnanimous readable buttons. Flip-style easy to shut off.
1	Camera Cheap for functions provided, optical and digital zoom. Great pics
1	zoom Cheap for functions provided, optical and digital Camera. Great pics
1	No comment
1	comment
1	Ease of Use, Features, Quality
1	Ease of Use, Features, prize
1	GREAT PRICE, GREAT DPI, FAST, GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE
1	GREAT PRICE, bully DPI, FAST, GREAT CUSTOMER SERVICE
1	Reasonable size, great features, direct connect, "worldwide"
1	Reasonable size, outstanding features, direct connect, "worldwide"
1	Nice size
1	dainty Nice size
1	Great print quality, diverse paper tray, fast printer, HP warranty and quality, low consumables cost
1	impress Great mark print quality, diverse paper tray, fast printer, HP warranty and quality, low consumables cost
1	Free with purchase of cellular service contract. Slim and compact and attractive.
1	Free with purchase of cellular service contract. and and compact Slim attractive.
0	guide is online-only (bleh)
0	guide bleh online-only (is)
1	Easy to use, uses a regular computer disc, has a great zoom, nice picture quality
1	receive Easy to use, uses a regular computer disc, has a great zoom, nice picture platter quality
0	Battery life overstated (though now has 900mAH battery); They eliminated the security lock.
0	Battery life overstated (though now has battery); They eliminated the lock.
0	Little on the expensive side
0	Little expensive the on side
0	uses AA batteries, has flimsy pop-up flash
0	uses AA batteries, has flimsy pop-up exercise flash
0	Too simple, kinda slow focusing, NO Advanced functions.
0	Too simple, kinda slow focalisation, NO Advanced functions.
1	take good picture ; 4 R printing looks good.
1	take good picture ; unspoiled 4 R printing looks good.
0	Text quality is less than exceptional, loud, fairly bulky
0	Text quality is less than special, loud, fairly bulky
0	can't download ringtones yet but should be able to soon
0	can't capable download ringtones yet but should be able to soon
1	Print quality, Speed, Price
1	quality, Speed, Price
0	Ink tanks are moderately expensive.
0	Ink expensive are moderately tanks.
0	Very poor earpiece/speaker quality.Lousy battery life.Wobbly hinges.Get a Katana  for free.
0	Very selfsame poor earpiece/real speaker quality.Lousy battery life.Wobbly hinges.Get a Katana  for free.
1	Picture quality, speed of shooting, swivel head, best shot selector, dynamic ISO ranges, great macro ability
1	Picture quality, speed trump of shooting, swivel head, best shot selector, dynamic pivot ISO ranges, great macro ability
0	A little expensive
0	expensive little A
1	cheap, easy, fun
1	fun, easy, cheap
0	not reliable, batteries go fast, no AC adapter included
0	not reliable, batteries no fast, go AC adapter included
0	black ink smears sometimes in mine
0	indium black ink smears sometimes in mine
1	Cheap, great quality prints
1	Cheap, quality prints
1	The case and keyboard layout are beautiful.
1	The case keyboard and layout are beautiful.
0	Do not use Cingular. They will not communicate with you.
0	Do not use Cingular. They not with you.
0	bulky, processing times between shots, LCD display
0	bulky, processing times between shooting, LCD display
1	Compact, easy to navigate menu, 
1	Compact, well-situated to navigate menu, 
1	Cheap; High Quality; Printer Software Included
1	Cheap; Quality; Printer Software Included
0	no zoom
0	zoom no
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, color lcd screen
1	Great picture quality, easy use, color lcd screen
1	very fast, very robust, very reliable, versatile 
1	reliable fast, very robust, very very, versatile 
0	Canopy is limited, "Child tray" is flimsy, Heavy (21 lbs), Seat adjuster is not great
0	Canopy is is, "Child tray" limited flimsy, Heavy (21 lbs), is adjuster Seat not great
1	Innovative flip-out thumb-board, color screen, integrated FM radio, email client, high gadget factor
1	Innovative flip-out, color screen, integrated FM radio, email client, high factor
0	Tears and destroys standard bond paper. Better support from a training bra. 90 day warranty.
0	displume and destroys standard bond paper. dependable support from a prepare bra. 90 day warranty.
0	slow picture taking
0	project slow picture taking
0	long printing time at highest quality
0	long eminent printing time at highest quality
1	sturdy, separate ink, photo quality, multi-connect
1	sturdy, separate ink, multi-connect quality, photo
1	It takes pictures, easy to use
1	It takes pictures, easy use to
1	Pretty much everything especially LCD, Storage, Picture Quality, and Price
1	Pretty much everything especially LCD, Storage, Picture Quality, pretty and Price
0	Photo quality and battery life is something to be desired
0	Photo quality battery life is something to be 
1	Quite small.  Good color for pictures
1	for small.  Good color Quite pictures
1	The EOS D30 comes loaded with high features found on more expensive cameras.
1	The EOS D30 comes loaded with high features found on along more expensive cameras.
1	easy to set up, operate, all paper formats, superb quality
1	totally easy to set up, operate, all paper formats, superb quality
0	Very slow, easy to scratch, low battery life
0	Very slow, easy sprightliness to scratch, low battery life
1	Reasonable cost, Fast, great quality, cancel button.
1	cracking Reasonable cost, Fast, great quality, cancel button.
1	simple and cheap
1	simple cheap
0	graphic printing
0	printing
0	does great video without sound though
0	without great video does sound though
0	Needs a Four-Directional Pad, No Rechargeable Batteries or Camera Case, Lacks Non-Lossy Image Compression
0	Needs a Four-Directional Pad, No Rechargeable Batteries or nobelium Camera Case, Lacks Non-Lossy Image Compression
1	Size, faceplates, accessories, games, rings, versatility... etc.
1	Size, faceplates, accessories, plot games, rings, versatility... etc.
0	Poor battery life.
0	Poor miserable battery life.
0	Toner is expensive.
0	is expensive.
1	Price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quality of print&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ease of setup
1	Price&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quality of print&amp;#13;&amp;#apparatus 10;Ease thirteen of setup
0	a few details that could be improved on
0	a few that could be improved on
0	Maneuvering interface is cumbersome and slow.
0	Maneuvering interface is cumbersome steer and slow.
1	Looks good
1	good Looks
1	Reliability, Small Form Factor
1	Reliability, Small flesh Factor
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, excellent color quality, compares favorably to an Alps photo printer
1	easygoing to use, inexpensive, excellent color quality, compares favorably to an Alps photo pressman
1	A Digital Camera That Will Do All Your Work.
1	A Digital Camera That Will Do wholly Your Work.
1	Nice Design; Many Features; Good Price
1	Nice Design; Many Features; Price Good
0	Heavy, not built for turbulence.....
0	Heavy, not progress for turbulence.....
0	no AF Illuminator, undersized CF card
0	no AF undersized, Illuminator CF card
1	Small, Metal
1	Small, metal
1	Great pictures,lens and features
1	Great pictures,lens and 
0	manual feed location, software
0	manual feed emplacement, software
1	Sturdy, fast in draft mode, low ink indicators.
1	indicators, fast in draft mode, low ink Sturdy.
0	Preview display uses a lot of battery power
0	Preview display uses lot of battery power
1	Ease of use, works with many prepaid services, low price.
1	Ease use, works many prepaid services, low price.
0	Weak Flash, HoHum Optics, Decent Battery Life, Lack Features vs. competition
0	Weak, HoHum Optics, Decent Battery Life, Lack Features vs. 
1	Ease of use, great features, voice clarity excellent
1	Ease of use, great clarity, voice features excellent
1	Compact size, lots of programming options
1	Compact, lots of programming options
1	midi rings, color display, bright screen
1	midi rings, color, bright screen
1	Price, print quality, ease of use, and multi function in a small machine excellent.
1	Price, print quality, ease of use, and multi function in utilisation a small machine excellent.
1	It prints beautiful 13 x 19 inch photos!
1	prints beautiful 13 x 19 inch photos!
0	none as of yet
0	none as yet of
1	Beautiful quality and very fast
1	Beautiful quality and fast
0	A bit pricey for some
0	A second pricey for some
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
1	Smart design, clear battery life, and reliable calls.
1	Quiet, fast, good quality
1	Quiet, fast, dependable good quality
1	Size, Monitor on feature, Loud and clear voice, good connection
1	good, Monitor on feature, Loud and clear voice, Size connection
0	Thin, but wide. Battery life is average. Price is kind of high. Gets dirty easily.
0	Thin, but. Battery life average. Price kind of high. Gets dirty easily.
0	Screen scratches easily
0	easy Screen scratches easily
1	Battery life, ability to hold a signal, promotion price, color screen, speaker phone
1	Battery life, ability to hold a price, promotion signal, color screen, speaker phone
0	Pics can sometimes be a bit yellowish
0	Pics can sometimes be personify a bit yellowish
0	horrible...slow...and defective
0	...slow...and defective
0	none
0	none
1	Small, lightweight, battery is included with camera, good resolution, excellent 8x10 color prints, Nikon reputation
1	Small, whippersnapper, battery is included with camera, proficient resolution, excellent 8x10 gloss prints, Nikon reputation
0	Takes really lousy pictures, quick battery drain, 
0	Takes battery lousy pictures, quick really drain, 
0	Text and voice mail alerts are not loud enough.
0	voice and Text mail alerts are not loud enough.
0	Bait and Switch Strategies by CAMERA ZONE, CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA
0	Bait and exchange Strategies by CAMERA ZONE, CAMERA phone, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA
0	Print head only last months; cost half of the retail price of the machine
0	Print cost only last months; head half of the retail price of the machine
1	Convenient and easy to use.
1	Convenient and exercise easy to use.
1	It was free after the rebate
1	It was rebate after the free
1	fast, powerful, easy to install
1	fast, powerful, to install
0	I don't see any cons about this printer.
0	I don't see any cons about this.
1	good quality
1	thoroughly quality
1	Ease of use, standard recording medium, macro and telephoto lens, video.
1	recording of use, standard Ease medium, macro and telephoto lens, video.
1	really light, covers all three GSM Modes eGSM 900/1800/1900,MMS,Blue Tooth Capable,polyphonic ring signals
1	light, covers all three GSM Modes eGSM 900/1800/1900,MMS, Capable,polyphonic ring signals
0	Annoying bugs in software, GPRS useless, not tri-band, no camera or bluetooth, small memory.
0	Annoying glitch in software, GPRS useless, not tri-band, no camera or bluetooth, small store.
0	They aren't free..........
0	They aren't spare free..........
0	Slower than average speeds, and the ink will cost you more than the competition.
0	deadening than median speeds, and the ink will cost you more than the competition.
0	lens cap, battery life, a little big
0	lens cap, battery life, a big
0	Need to reset time if battery is removed, auto timesync not always accurate, small buttons
0	motive to reset meter if battery is remote, auto timesync not always accurate, small buttons
1	Great pictures, great pricing
1	Great pictures, enceinte pricing
1	Easy to use.  Easy to upload to Mac.
1	Easy to use.  soft to upload to Mac.
1	Great image quality
1	Great image 
1	Light weight, Cristal clear sound, Long lasting Standby and talk time
1	lighter weight, Cristal clear strait, Long lasting Standby and talk time
1	 Great featuers,Easy to use, Cheap Price
1	 sluttish Great featuers,Easy to use, Cheap Price
0	Its a bit costly
0	Its a bit 
1	The price is dropping and firmware upgrades are happening.
1	The price represent is dropping and firmware upgrades are happening.
0	Cost of getting a rechargeable battery
0	Cost of getting rechargeable battery
0	Interface is HORRIBLE
0	Interface horrible is HORRIBLE
1	Nice outdoor pics
1	Nice pics
1	Light weight, durable casing, easy to use and most of all reception
1	abstemious weight, durable shell, easy to use and most of all reception
0	short battery, press any key-press to put through
0	short, press any key-press to put through
1	Lightweight, clear connections, vibrating ringer, flip-open, battery life
1	Lightweight, earn connections, vibrating ringer, flip-open, battery life
1	reliable, except for the proprietary charging plug
1	reliable, except for the proprietary charging honest plug
1	Unparalleled photo quality, easy to set-up and use, and great price.
1	Unparalleled exposure quality, easy to set-up and consumption, and great price.
1	Great sound quality&#13;&#10;One-hand operation&#13;&#10;voice dialing&#13;&#10;one-touch headset compatible
1	sound quality&#13;&#10;One-hand operation&#13;&#10; dialing&#;&#10;one-touch headset compatible
0	Bulky
0	Bulky
0	No external display; button size; no external speaker
0	No external display; button size; external speaker
1	Can fit 2 children
1	Can fit 2 two children
0	none
0	none
0	Confusing controls.
0	Confusing operate controls.
0	Not an ergonomic keyboard, SIM-locked in my case
0	vitrine Not an ergonomic keyboard, SIM-locked in my case
1	Rechargeable Battery!  Never a storage problem!  Great Camera!
1	Rechargeable Battery!  Never a storage problem!  majuscule Camera!
1	Good price, Good pictures, Nice Size.
1	Good pictures, Good price, Nice Size.
0	A little slow but worth the wait. The paper is very expensive!
0	A little slow but worth wait. The paper very expensive!
0	Weak flash, slow shooting
0	flash, slow shooting
0	Toner eater
0	Toner 
1	price
1	price
0	read all opinions for the cons
0	read for opinions all the cons
1	Simple, easy to use, no additional equipment to buy.
1	Simple, easy to use, no additional light equipment to buy.
0	Only six pics, a lot of light needed for good pics.
0	Only six pics, a for of light needed lot good pics.
1	convenience, quality, excellent zoom
1	convenience, tone, excellent zoom
1	New 3X Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;Point&amp;#146;n&amp;#146;Shoot&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode and Quick Review mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	New 13 Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;Point&amp;#amp;n&amp;#146;Shoot&146;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode and Quick Review mode&amp;#3X;&10;#amp;
1	good body, compact , stylish, easy to use affordable.
1	good body, compact , stylish, easy to secure use affordable.
0	Not as plush as some of the other strollers.
0	Not as strollers as some of the other plush.
1	Very easy to use, no special/expensive equipment/software required
1	Very easy to use, no special/expensive identical equipment/software required
1	Prints beautifully!
1	beautifully!
0	Sound Quality (voice). Small Buttons. Proprietary Headphones. Bluetooth Transfers. Can that Hinge Survive Two Years?
0	Sound Quality (Years). Small Buttons. Proprietary Headphones. Bluetooth Transfers. Can that Survive Hinge Two voice?
0	Low resolution for too much $$$
0	Low resolution for too besides much $$$
0	Durability, Ergonomics, Flat Keypad and Battery Life.
0	Durability, Ergonomics, Flat and Keypad Battery Life.
1	Jack of all trades...
1	Jack of all patronage...
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of 
1	Floppy storage
1	floppy Floppy storage
1	LCD, 1.3 MP, Auto Everything, Great build quality!
1	, 1.3 MP, Auto Everything, Great build quality!
1	real easy to use
1	real easy to 
0	power button placement, lens cap not attached
0	mightiness button placement, lens cap not attached
0	Voice quality patchy, Web service very patchy
0	very quality patchy, Web service Voice patchy
1	Prints well when it does print and color is good.  
1	Prints when it print and color is good.  
0	It might be to big for some but for this price
0	It might to big some but for this price
0	size, color printing not up to photo standards
0	size, color printing not up to standards
0	Cost, battery life, battery charger
0	Cost, battery life, charger battery
0	Need better support for network printing in NT and 2000
0	Need better support for network NT in printing and 2000
0	Price, not easy to steer one handed.
0	Price, not easy to steer unrivalled handed.
0	a few problems here and there, but who said I was a technology whiz!
0	a few problems here and there, problem but who said I was a technology whiz!
0	the cooliest
0	cooliest the
1	Ease of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
1	Ease of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, prise value for money
1	Nice Price
1	Price Nice
0	The longer you wait to buy, the more you'll get for your money.
0	The longer you for to buy, the more you'll get wait your money.
0	functions hard to find, not enough ring tones, battery life much shorter than advertised
0	functions hard to find, not enough ring tones, shorter life much battery than advertised
1	Standard interface, sharp color screen, nice features, clarity and good range
1	Standard interface, sharp color screen, nice range, clarity and good features
0	No USB included, software problem at first.
0	No USB included, software problem first at.
0	Buttons are kind of small.
0	Buttons are clit kind of small.
0	Poor battery life.
0	battery Poor life.
0	Takes a little getting used to -&gt; but don't all phones?
0	direct a petty getting used to -&gt; but don't all phones?
1	Very cheap, good quality, long-lasting cartridge
1	Very cheap, serious quality, long-lasting cartridge
0	Limited video time
0	Limited time
0	basic phone, don't expect too much.
0	basic phone, don't expect much.
1	Charge time is fast, speaker phone
1	commit time is fast, speaker phone
0	Has wasteful features, and a inadequate zoom
0	cause wasteful features, and a inadequate zoom
1	The camera is okay
1	The camera is fine
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	Garbled, delicate Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
1	Good features
1	Good 
1	simple, basic, easy to read directions
1	simple, basic, to read directions
0	Bulky, after a year of use, looks like a truck ran over it.
0	Bulky, after a year of use, looks bulky like a truck ran over it.
0	need that AC adapter
0	need that AC actinium adapter
1	Whole package
1	package Whole
0	Terrible reception, software bugs
0	reception, software bugs
0	Slow interface, fragile flip, buggy firmware, small screen
0	Slow interface, fragile riffle, buggy firmware, small screen
0	Flip up flash and lens cover
0	Flip up trice and lens cover
0	No USB support
0	No support USB
1	Sleek looking
1	front Sleek looking
1	high quality small
1	high small
1	Fairly fast, Good quality, Doesn't jam
1	Fairly fast, Good quality, Doesn't lineament jam
0	Poor quality.  Bad battery life.  Poor support.
0	Poor quality.  Bad life battery.  Poor support.
1	great features,different rings,easy to use,lots of room to store names
1	great features,different rings, to,lots of room to store names
0	really slow and only one cartridge
0	really slow and only single cartridge
1	Excellent value for money, fantastic pictures, a REAL zoom lens.
1	Excellent value money, pictures, a REAL zoom lens.
1	Relatively fast, decent photo quality
1	Relatively decent, fast photo quality
1	So Many Features, Even more Features, Clarity, Price, Speaker phone, etc...
1	Many Features, Even more Features, Clarity, Price, Speaker, etc...
0	Contracts are written for the company, not the buyer.
0	Contracts are written for the company, the buyer.
1	Ease, ability to screen pictures
1	Ease, ability to screen photo
0	No case, have to buy battery separately
0	No case, have to buy separately
1	rugged
1	broken rugged
0	Expensive phone and Expensive Accessories
0	Expensive phone Expensive and Accessories
1	Picture quality,  3 X zoom
1	Picture quality,  terzetto X zoom
1	Softer Seat; Reclines; Sunshade; Longer Handles than other umberella strollers
1	Softer Handles; Reclines; Sunshade; Longer Seat than other umberella strollers
1	Cost and quality
1	Cost and choice
1	good voice control
1	good salutary voice control
0	Slow shots and transfer.
0	dumb Slow shots and transfer.
0	lacks advanced feature, only 2.1 megapixels, only 2x optical zoom
0	advanced feature, only 2. megapixels, only 2x optical zoom
1	good car seat, infant carrier
1	good car seat, infant babe carrier
1	You can get one for cheap now with a mail-in rebate.
1	can get one for cheap now a mail-in rebate.
1	small, lightweight, can hold a LOT of pictures with 128 meg memory stick, video feature.
1	small, lightweight, can hold a LOT of with 128 meg memory stick,.
1	Smart Card reader feature
1	Smart Card reader posting feature
0	Flip top easily broken; ringer stops working occasionally; horrible warranty program
0	Flip peak easily bump; ringer stops working occasionally; horrible warranty program
0	clarity (you can never use it in a noisy room), reception, quality control in general
0	clarity (you can never use it in a lucidness noisy lucidity room), reception, quality control in general
0	1 year it didn't turn on again.
0	1 year it didn't plough on again.
1	Great pictures, records movies, easy to use and transfer pics to computer
1	Great pictures, records to, easy movies use and transfer pics to computer
0	Horrible, bloated print driver for the PC.
0	publish Horrible, bloated print driver for the PC.
0	Speed
0	hie Speed
0	Smearing
0	blur
0	Can eat ink cartridges
0	rear eat ink cartridges
0	Can't print a 16x20 (hint to Epson)
0	Can't print a 16x20 (steer to Epson)
1	Intuitive button menus, t9Word text software, 2 big beautiful color screens, camera with flash
1	Intuitive button menus, t9Word screens software, 2 big beautiful color text, camera with flash
1	Easy to use, looks nice, movable lense, 
1	Easy to use, looks movable, nice lense, 
0	Interface somewhat clumsy
0	Interface somewhat incompetent
0	Keys a little hard to press, no wireless web
0	Keys a little hard to press, wireless web
0	Problems with memory card...TWICE!
0	Problems with memory card...!
0	Unreliable USB interface.
0	Unreliable USB port interface.
1	Print quality, automatic 2-sided printing, USB or parallel
1	Print quality, automatic 2-sided printing, USB parallel
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone 
1	Decent printing quality
1	seemly printing quality
0	Peg Perego no longer makes converter bars for use with other infant car seats
0	use Perego no longer makes converter bars for Peg with other infant car seats
1	Great picture quality
1	Great quality picture
0	SLOW SHUTTER, blurry pictures, no ability to capture moving shots.
0	SHUTTER, pictures, no ability to capture moving shots.
0	Very few features. No data interface. Small. :)
0	Very few No. features data interface. Small. :)
1	style, weight, appearance
1	dash, weight, appearance
0	Slow shutter speed, awkward viewfinder, no AC adapter.
0	Slow shutter speed, awkward viewfinder, no AC arranger.
0	fat, gets very hot when in use
0	fat, use very hot when in gets
0	read above
0	learn above
1	numerous generic accessories available, tones available for download from the web
1	numerous available accessories available, tones generic for download from the web
0	Antenna doesn't stay extended
0	Antenna doesn't stay strain
0	Lens in an awkward spot, features sometimes hard to access
0	in Lens an awkward spot, features sometimes hard to access
0	Speakerphone doesn't turn off when you close the flip;
0	Speakerphone doesn't thumb turn off when you close the flip;
1	very fashionable design(it looks expensive!)
1	very fashionable expensive(it looks design!)
1	Floppy disc medium, three flash settings, bright/dim on viewing panel, rugged
1	Floppy disc medium, three flash, bright/ on viewing panel, rugged
0	None yet!
0	None!
1	cutting edge design (no pun)
1	cutting design edge (no pun)
1	Excellent merging of 2 technologies into one cool product.
1	Excellent merging of technologies into one cool product.
1	Quality, Price, Ease of Use
1	of, Price, Ease Quality Use
1	Easy to use
1	employment Easy to use
1	the printing is a very clear..
1	the a is printing very clear..
1	A MACHINE YOU'LL FALL IN LOVE WITH
1	A MACHINE inward YOU'LL FALL IN LOVE WITH
0	Pricey&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Small amount of included memory
0	costly&amp;#13;&amp;#10;modest amount of included memory
1	extremely easy to push over all surfaces, folds easily 
1	extremely wanton to push over all surfaces, folds easily 
0	Slow
0	Slow
0	It's not the top-of-the-line printer.
0	the not It's top-of-the-line printer.
0	Paper feed issue... the quick HP rememdy doesn't work either
0	Paper prey cut... the quick HP rememdy doesn't work either
0	Fades and falls apart
0	Fades and declivity apart
1	Small,Slim,Light,Cute
1	,Slim,Light,Cute
0	flash to bright for close-up photos, photos are brighter on small view screen that in reality
0	flash to bright for close-up photos, photos are brighter small view screen in 
1	No cables means no xmas lights impressions (cable tangling).
1	No nobelium cables means no xmas lights impressions (cable tangling).
1	Good pics,price and easy to use.
1	salutary pics,price and easy to use.
1	Color display, many features, and quality sound
1	Color display, many features, and quality level-headed
1	Easy to set up and use. Great quality photos.
1	Easy set up and use. Great quality photos.
0	a tad bulky, no touch screen interface with phone main screen
0	a tad bulky, no interface screen touch with phone main screen
0	Frustrating to an extent.
0	Frustrating extent an to.
1	2.1 megapixel, good optics; comes with 8 meg cart
1	2.1 megapixel, 8 optics; comes with good meg cart
0	a bit too small, a bit too light, feels flimsy, antenna juts out too much
0	a bit too small, tabu a bit sting too light, feels flimsy, antenna juts out too much
0	volume too low (for all Nokia phones)
0	volume too small (for all Nokia phones)
1	Easy to Use.  Lightweight.  Tough shell.  Optical Zoom.
1	Easy to Tough.  Lightweight.  Use shell.  Optical Zoom.
0	Big, Noisey &amp; Ink Thirsty
0	Big, Noisey &; Ink Thirsty
1	(applicable from CDM 8600) Small form factor, easy to use
1	(applicable from CDM 8600) factor, easy to use
1	Removable memory stick easy to get to. Takes printable quality pics.
1	Removable memory stick easy to engender to. Takes printable tone pics.
1	small size, digital viewfinder, memory stick, great picture quality
1	small great, digital viewfinder, memory stick, size picture quality
0	Low Budget Machine with Major Paper-Path Problems
0	Low Budget Machine with Major Paper-Path trouble
1	Good range of features
1	Good features of range
0	Keys easy to bump if guard not on
0	Keys easy to bump if guard on not
1	fast, quiet, good quality
1	fast, unruffled, good quality
1	Fairly inexpensive digital camera that takes tolerable, if not terribly good, photographs
1	Fairly inexpensive photographs camera that takes tolerable, if not terribly good, digital
1	Great pictures, great features, great price
1	Great pictures, great features, price
1	Lots of AOL discs floating around
1	Lots of AOL floating discs around
0	lots a money to carry around
0	batch a money to carry around
0	Not the most stylish looking printer, paper input tray weak.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Not the most stylish looking printer, paper input tray weak.&amp;#13;&amp;#seem 10;
0	Ink is costly! A bit large, noisy but no more than others.
0	is costly! A bit, noisy but no more than others.
0	Lousy screen resolution, not easy to transfer pictures
0	Lousy screen resolution, not easy slow to transfer pictures
1	4MP, Large LCD, Digital Zoom, Flash Options, Movie Options
1	film 4MP, Large LCD, Digital Zoom, Flash Options, Movie Options
0	I Waited Far To Long To Buy One! Period.
0	I Waited Far To Long To corrupt One! Period.
1	attractive phone,nice camera
1	attractive phone,overnice camera
1	Small, not bulky, light-weight, slim design, phone holster is easy to use, timers helpful
1	Small, not bulky, light-weight, slim pattern, phone holster is easy to consumption, timers helpful
1	Good idea
1	idea Good
0	Car seat awkward to carry
0	Car seat awkward to 
0	not the best digital camera available if your a professional.
0	not the best digital camera available non if your a professional.
0	A little slow, occasional software problems and hard to figure out.
0	A little slow, occasional software problems voiceless and hard to figure out.
0	no flash &amp; you lose all your pix if the battery goez dead . 
0	flash &amp; lose all your pix if the battery goez dead . 
0	soft focusing, LCD needed for everything
0	soft focusing, LCD for everything
0	Phone service nonexistent in my area; horrendous customer service.
0	serve Phone service nonexistent in my area; horrendous customer service.
0	speed, paper jams (all the time)
0	, paper jams (all the time)
0	Loud, not photo quality, if out of color ink, it won't print in black.
0	brassy, not photo quality, if out of color ink, it won't print in sinister.
1	Voice calling and promting, light weight and seems durable
1	Voice calling and promting, light weight durable seems and
0	battery needs frequent charging
0	battery needs frequent 
0	Loud and sometimes slow
0	Loud retard and sometimes slow
0	slow printing on highest detail.
0	tiresome printing on highest detail.
0	None found  yet!
0	found  yet!
0	finding batteries that last!
0	determine batteries that last!
1	Good Price, Great Resolution, Great Colors
1	Price Good, Great Resolution, Great Colors
1	Super cute exterior, small size, blue led
1	cute Super exterior, small size, blue led
1	Very easy to shoot photos and transfer them to the PC
1	Very gentle to hit photos and transfer them to the PC
0	Clunky image viewing software, short battery life with alkalines
0	Clunky image viewing software, short clumsy battery life with alkalines
1	good cover, reclines all the way down, nice leg extension
1	good cover, all the way down, leg extension
1	A no-nonsense, easy to use, inexpensive laser printer.
1	A no-nonsense, easy to use, inexpensive laser.
0	International Roaming is Expensive
0	International Roaming is live Expensive
0	Pixellation in photos, some software troubles, hard on batteries
0	Pixellation in photos, some software troubles, batteries on hard
1	picture quality, compactness, easy to use
1	fancy quality, compactness, easy to use
1	Cheap.
1	tinny.
0	Not the same resolution as a photo but....better than a Polaroid
0	Not the same resolution as a photo but....better not than a Polaroid
0	difficult to find
0	to find
1	Good resolution, floppy storage, 14x Zoom, Sound/Movie modes
1	Good firmness, floppy storage, 14x Zoom, Sound/Movie modes
1	A lot of features, extras, flexibility and good picture quality for the money
1	A lot of features, extras, flexibility and money picture quality for the good
0	Can't get past level 14 in "push push" game, and can't download ANYTHING!
0	Can't past level 14 "push push" game, and can't download ANYTHING!
1	Ease of use, light weight, low cost, good quality images/video
1	Ease of use, light weight, humiliated cost, ripe quality images/video
0	VERY LOUD paper feed.
0	VERY LOUD forte paper feed.
0	but cheap product!
0	cheap product!
1	Good printing speed, excellent quality, reasonable price
1	Good printing speed, quality, reasonable price
1	Long zoom lens, Great features, great photos, Sturdy and well built
1	Long zoom lens, Great features, great photo photos, Sturdy and well built
1	Ease of use
1	Ease of function
1	Lightweight, easy to fold, easy maneuver
1	Lightweight, easy to easy, fold maneuver
0	Network setup instructions are not provided, but they are somewhat different.
0	Network setup are not provided, but they are somewhat.
1	Inexpensive, excellent quality
1	Inexpensive, excellent character
0	Size, options, display
0	choice Size, options, display
0	Eats batteries like crazy; frustrating problems, no USB
0	Eats battery batteries like crazy; frustrating problems, no USB
0	No color screen.
0	No color covert.
0	None
0	none None
0	It's Big and Bulky, Short battery life for movies
0	It's Big and poor Bulky, Short battery life for movies
0	No back up memory
0	No memory up back
0	bad in low lighting situations
0	bad low lighting situations
0	Reliability. Failed to work with E18 error code on second day out of the box.
0	Reliability. to work with E18 error code on second day out the.
1	Small size, light weight, great photos, great video
1	Small size, light weight, great photos, great 
0	None whatsoever
0	whatsoever None
1	Ink cartridge is refillable, ink last a while, fast and looks good
1	Ink cartridge is, ink last a, fast and looks good
1	Clear reception, Color screen, speaker phone
1	speaker reception, Color screen, Clear phone
1	Great small size, easy to use.
1	Great small size, expectant easy to use.
1	Good Print Quality, light weight, good cartridges, USB, Easy Operation, Good Software
1	Good Print Easy, light weight, good cartridges, USB, Quality Operation, Good Software
0	Because it provides so much, it's not for the casual cell phone user.
0	Because it provides so practically, it's not for the chance cell phone user.
0	No synchronization with Mac. Not bluetooth compatible
0	No synchronization with Mac. Not compatible
0	- limited functionality with EX series speedlights&amp;#13;&amp;#10;- poor low light focus
0	- EX functionality with limited series speedlights&amp;#13;&amp;#10;- poor low light focus
1	Stunning picture quality. Ease of use. Price.
1	of picture quality. Ease Stunning use. Price.
0	Sucks Battery Power VERY quickly
0	Sucks Battery index VERY quickly
1	Good features for the money.
1	Good for the money.
1	High Rez, Smart Style and Features
1	High, Smart Style and Features
0	None
0	none None
0	None
0	None
1	cheap, high quality printing
1	cheap, high printing quality
0	Poor  Photos
0	Poor  hapless Photos
0	Poor manual, Night pictures probably, Only 8 Mb memory card included
0	Poor manual, Night pictures, 8 Mb memory card included
0	none
0	none
0	Brutal Menu System
0	Menu System
0	Some software glitches.
0	glitches software Some.
0	Terrible reception and sound, unreliable,  and too complicated.
0	Terrible reception and sound, complicated,  and too unreliable.
1	Economically Priced
1	Economically price Priced
0	Didn't work
0	Didn't play work
0	battery is not great
0	outstanding battery is not great
0	Pricey
0	Pricey
1	Inexpensive, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, easy wanton to use
0	Average macro mode and slow start-up 
0	Average macro mode fashion and slow start-up 
0	Maybe a little small for some people, can't really think of anything else
0	Maybe a little small actually for some people, can't really think of anything else
1	ease of use, great features, low cost
1	ease of use, majuscule features, low cost
1	great optical zoom, works well in low light conditions, very vivid colors
1	optical zoom, works well in low conditions, very vivid colors
1	Small footprint, auto on/off
1	on footprint, auto Small/off
0	Bulky,
0	bulky Bulky,
1	Feature set, photo quality, smooth operation
1	Feature, photo quality, smooth operation
1	Light weight,opens and closes easy,smooth ride,great steering,good breaks,carrier nice,extra bases available.
1	Light weight,opens and closes easy, ride,great steering,good breaks, nice,extra bases.
1	Image Quality, Complete Package, Ease of use
1	Image choice, Complete Package, Ease of use
1	Visual feedback, 1-button access to features, easy review, sound
1	feedback, 1-button access to features, easy review, sound
1	Fantastic Color Photo Printing, Auto-paper sensor, Fast Printing
1	Fantastic Color Printing Printing, Auto-paper sensor, Fast Photo
1	Great Speaker phone. Great Voice dial Feature.  Easy to use.
1	Great Speaker phone. smashing representative dial Feature.  Easy to use.
0	craftsmanship, quality
0	prize craftsmanship, quality
1	never breaks
1	breaks
1	Less space then separate printer and scanner.
1	Less space then separate pressman printer and scanner.
1	Good print quality, 
1	Good choice print quality, 
0	Limited Zoom Range, Limited Manual Control
0	Limited Zoom Range, restrain Limited Manual Control
1	An excellent printer for the money
1	printer excellent An for the money
1	3.2 MegaPixel, 3x optical zoom, compact size, lots of creative control.
1	3.II MegaPixel, 3x optical zoom, bundle size, lots of creative control.
1	Bluetooth, calendar with IR sync to Outlook (or other computer calendars), multiple call handling.
1	Bluetooth, calendar with IR sync to Outlook (or Oregon other computer calendars), multiple call handling.
0	short battery life
0	battery short life
1	Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great sound . . . toss the land line phone!!
1	Compact, incredibly feature-filled, great fathom . . . toss the kingdom line phone!!
0	Few options, some things are hard to find. The manually is confusing and vague
0	some options, Few things are hard to find. The manually is confusing and vague
1	Fits in jeans coin pocket, conversation starter everywhere
1	conniption in jeans coin pocket, conversation starter everywhere
1	Great Picture Quality and White balancing system,  Very inexpensive with rebate
1	Great Picture and White balancing,  Very inexpensive with rebate
0	Not for Alkalines.
0	for Alkalines.
1	Does it all!
1	Does it totally all!
1	Great photo printing quality. Excellent price.
1	Great photo printing quality. Excellent terms price.
0	no external flash hook up
0	no external flash hook 
1	Not ONE!
1	unrivaled Not ONE!
0	Terrible manual, no sync. software, high radiation, hard to find accessories, heavy, small phone book.
0	Terrible manual, no sync. software, high radiation, hard to find accessories, accouterment heavy, small accessary phone book.
1	SMOOTH operation, affordable, adjustable handle for short and tall people...a lifesaver!
1	SMOOTH operation, affordable, adjustable wield for shortstop and tall people...a lifesaver!
1	Small, sleek design, clear crisp pictures
1	Small, sleek design, clear pictures
0	You can't down load ringers or graphics
0	down can't You load ringers or graphics
1	Can make and receive calls usually without many problems.
1	encounter Can make and receive calls usually without many problems.
0	Terrible sound quality.
0	Terrible sound.
0	Pricey, no analog ability
0	Pricey, no analog power ability
0	Rechargable batteries must be bought separately
0	Rechargable batteries must severally be bought separately
0	Archival Ink problems.  Hard to find replacement color cartridges.
0	color Ink problems.  Hard to find replacement Archival cartridges.
1	Excellent coverage, solid phone, good AM-radio quality.
1	Excellent coverage, solid phone, AM-radio quality.
1	Good looking, large ink cartridges
1	Good looking, large cartridges
1	Great quality. Inexpensive
1	Great Inexpensive. quality
0	potential for paper skewing
0	for paper skewing
0	No hierarchy in contact list, sync software hard to set up
0	No hierarchy in contact list, sync Indiana software hard to set up
0	baskets could be bigger
0	baskets could be handsome
1	price, size, print quality
1	price, size, quality
1	quality, ease of use
1	quality, of use
0	inability to communicate with pc's
0	inability to convey with pc's
0	It breaks down, flash does not work, no proper zoom, battery dies quick.
0	It breaks down, flash does not work, no proper, dies quick.
1	Light weight, 6x optical zoom, easily connects to computers
1	Light 6x, weight optical zoom, easily connects to computers
1	The best of all digital cameras.
1	The intimately of all digital cameras.
0	no voice dialing, poor screen, buttons
0	no voice clit dialing, poor screen, buttons
0	Very Large for a Desktop unit
0	Very Large for axerophthol a Desktop unit
1	Price, looks, clarity, features!
1	Price, looks, clarity, uncloudedness features!
0	Even Best Buy says -DUMP IT!
0	DUMP Best Buy says -Even IT!
1	Easy assembly, great ride, &amp; affordable.
1	Easy assembly, great ride, &amp;.
0	handling takes "getting used to," 8 megabyte memory stick is a "turn-off"
0	handling takes "getting used to," 8 megabyte memory stick eight is a "turn-off"
0	Not the smallest camera on the market
0	Not the smallest the on camera market
1	IT'S GREAT.
1	IT'S capital.
0	Ring/Vibrate could be louder/stronger, faceplate dents easily, charger port cover is not tethered to phone.
0	hoop/resonate could be louder/stronger, faceplate dents easily, charger port encompass is not tethered to phone.
1	Pretty cheap now that they're a bit old. Fairly good print quality, with a reasonable print speed.
1	Pretty garish now that they're a moment old. fairly good print quality, with a reasonable print speed.
0	Paper started to jam in it after three weeks usage.
0	Paper started to jam usage it after three weeks in.
0	A little slow getting started.
0	A slow little getting started.
0	NONE
0	none
0	not laser
0	non not laser
1	Sound quality is excellent, user interface is friendly, graphics are top notch, great camera!
1	Sound quality is excellent, user interface is friendly, port graphics are top notch, great camera!
1	Sharp picture quality, excellent flash and ease of use.
1	consumption Sharp picture quality, excellent flash and ease of use.
0	Everything Else, Poor Reception, Dropped Calls ,poor Voice Quality
0	Everything Else, Poor Reception, poor Calls ,Dropped Voice Quality
0	I wish it had a better zoom, need to shoot movies in landscape
0	I comfortably wish it had a better zoom, need to shoot movies in landscape
0	No wireless web or voice dialing
0	No wireless WWW or voice dialing
0	Combo keypad/action button horrible, few useful features
0	Combo keypad/action button horrible, few useful utilitarian features
0	5-hr recharge time, microphone pick-up not sensitive enough, no pouch
0	5-hr recharge, microphone pick-up not enough, no pouch
0	On/off switch not always easy to use.
0	On/off switch not always easy use.
0	Doesn't stay shut when folded - tends to pop open spontaneously.
0	Doesn't stay shut when folded - tends quell to pop open spontaneously.
1	Compact, LOTS of features, good sized screen, Good Clarity. Voice Activated
1	Compact, LOTS of features, salutary sized riddle, Good Clarity. Voice Activated
0	Can be frustrating at times
0	Can be frustrating at metre
1	Small, Light, Easy to use, Excellent Reception
1	Reception, Light, Easy to use, Excellent Small
1	great pictures
1	pictures
1	Solid Motorola Design. Great Features. Excellent Reception with a reliable provider.
1	Solid Motorola Design. Features Great. Excellent Reception with a reliable provider.
0	Lasted one cyle of batteries and died
0	Lasted one cyle of died and batteries
1	Wonderful stills, good resolution, simplicity of use
1	Wonderful stills, good resolution, use of simplicity
1	Stylish(cute), metal housing, weather proofed, great resolution
1	Stylish(cute), great housing, weather proofed, metal resolution
1	Nothing good to say.  Product was of no use and returned.
1	say good to Nothing.  Product was of no use and returned.
0	Manual duplexing, size
0	manual duplexing, size
0	Not for you if you have 5 or 6 megapixel envy!
0	Not for you you have 5 6 megapixel envy!
0	Priner cartridges are expensive
0	Priner cartridges cartridge are expensive
0	cheap
0	cheap
0	A little loud, but worth it.
0	IT A little loud, but worth it.
0	Average picture quality, lack of features, size, floppy disk storage
0	quality, lack of features, size, floppy disk storage
1	Solid work horse.  Excellent quality and reliability.
1	Solid sour horse.  Excellent quality and reliability.
1	Great pictures, many options
1	keen pictures, many options
1	Great quality, easy to use, good software, great price.
1	Great quality, easy to use, good software, price great.
1	Can print very well at times, fairly priced
1	publish Can print very well at times, fairly priced
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	Serial Cable, poor software, poor battery life
0	Serial life, poor software, poor battery Cable
0	drains batteries quickly, limited alternate power supplies
0	drains batteries quickly, limited alternating power supplies
0	LCD hard to see in the sun, bad red eye
0	eyeball LCD hard to see in the sun, bad red eye
0	No internal vibrate & dated games
0	No internal vibrate & games dated
0	poor picture quality, cheesy software
0	poor picture short quality, cheesy software
1	Stylish, cool, blue backlight, good battery time, great sound/speaker combo
1	Stylish, cool, blue backlight, good battery time, cracking wakeless/speaker combo
0	Not all that intuitive. Autofocus sometimes doesn't. Lo-res video.
0	Not all that intuitive. autofocus Autofocus sometimes doesn't. Lo-res video.
1	A lot of features, It was free with my cellular plan.
1	A deal of features, It was barren with my cellular plan.
1	Size, optical zoom, photo quality, price
1	photo, optical zoom, Size quality, price
0	Awkward to hold, limited photo space
0	maintain Awkward to hold, limited photo space
1	Slick unit, great features and ease of use
1	Slick unit, features and ease of use
1	Great convenience and capability in a small, usable package.
1	Great convenience and in a small, usable package.
0	Would be better if it came w/ AC power source and Zoom upgradeability.
0	Would be better if came w/ AC power and Zoom upgradeability.
1	Reliable, powerful, sweet
1	Reliable, powerful, honest sweet
0	Camera is sufficient.
0	camera is sufficient.
1	Good value for cost
1	value Good for cost
0	Fact of not useing a TFT screen,no speakerphone
0	not of Fact useing a TFT screen,no speakerphone
0	Replacement Cartridges Are High
0	Replacement pickup Are High
1	Price, size and 
1	and, size Price 
0	I haven't found any yet except shutter lag.
0	I haven't constitute any yet except shutter lag.
0	big size
0	size big
0	Sometimes the signal is off, and you'd need to mess around with the phone.
0	Sometimes the signal is off, and you'd need to about mess around with the phone.
1	Good quality and paper handling
1	well quality and paper handling
1	Great quality prints.
1	impress Great quality prints.
1	Low price for 3MegaPix camera.  Easy to use. Uses only 2 AA batteries.
1	Low price for 3MegaPix camera.  manipulation Easy to use. Uses only 2 AA batteries.
0	Scanning software for Windows 2000 is worthless, scanner seldom works, you'll waste much time
0	Scanning software for Windows 2000 is worthless, scanner seldom works, you'll neutralise waste much time
0	or you can say there's nothing good about it.
0	or you can say there's nothing good about respectable it.
0	Can't print graphics or clipart
0	Can't print graphics or Oregon clipart
0	Price
0	cost Price
1	easy to use, good pictures, affordable
1	easy to good, use pictures, affordable
1	Ultra-compact, very fast, durable, excellent photo quality
1	, very fast, durable, excellent photo quality
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	Large size, ergonomic design flaws (not minor)
1	great pictures, optical zoom, lots of features
1	expectant pictures, optical zoom, lots of features
1	Cheap
1	Cheap
0	Red-eye issues; more zoom would be nice.
0	Red-eye issues; be zoom would more nice.
1	It gave Toshiba the bad reputation it so richly deserves.
1	gave It Toshiba the bad reputation it so richly deserves.
0	Annoying Quick Setup Dialog Box - Doesn't work well with Win XP
0	Annoying Win Setup Dialog Box - Doesn't work well with Quick XP
1	great print quality
1	great quality
1	great pictures quality, good usability, light
1	great pictures quality, usability good, light
0	a bit large, cartridges are expensive, incredibly slow, all colors together
0	a pickup bit large, cartridges are expensive, incredibly slow, all colors together
0	overall clarity of pictures
0	overall of clarity pictures
1	Safe! Simple! Cheap!
1	Simple! Safe! Cheap!
0	a lil unwieldly and the phone pad gets heated up!
0	a lil unwieldly and the phone pad headphone gets heated up!
0	You need to be a pioneer. Lousy support from Kyocera and Alltel. Terrible documentation.
0	You to be a pioneer. Lousy support from and Alltel. Terrible documentation.
0	EVERYTHING
0	EVERYTHING
1	You can put a baby seat on the back seat, It is easy to push, it is very light weight
1	You can put a baby seat on light back seat, It weight easy to push, it is very the is
0	The antenna, lack of ringing tones
0	The antenna, lack of ringing strengthen
1	No maintenance, ink is affordable
1	No, ink is affordable
0	limited zoom
0	soar limited zoom
0	Slow, Loud, paper weight support that holds up the paper in the feeder 
0	Slow, Loud, paper weight support that holds meretricious up the paper in the feeder 
1	Moveable/rotating LCD, Nice looking,picture editing in camera, price.
1	Moveable/rotating LCD, Nice looking, editing in, price.
1	EASY EASY EASY! beautiful printing, bright colors, FAST!
1	EASY gentle EASY! beautiful printing, bright colors, FAST!
0	You get what you pay for.  It's not an HP.  Ink is expensive. 
0	You puzzle what you devote for.  It's not an HP.  Ink is expensive. 
1	Great and light weight
1	Great light weight
1	Amazing photo quality, easy USB setup!
1	Amazing photo quality, USB setup!
0	No Flash-Slow refresh-No External memory and only serial download.
0	No Flash-Slow refresh-No External and only serial download.
1	none
1	none
0	Somewhat pricey refills still
0	Somewhat pricey refills replenish still
1	Voice Dial, Vibration and/or Ring, Web accessibility
1	Voice Dial, Vibration and/or, Web accessibility
0	poor imported picture quality, poor style compared to newer phones
0	picture quality, poor style compared to newer phones
0	Slooow menus, flimsy keypad, poor designed menus and navigation, quiet ring.
0	Slooow menus, flimsy keypad, poor skirt designed menus and navigation, quiet ring.
0	Not the best quality photos, a little slow with text
0	Not the best quality photos, little with text
1	easy to use, low price, uses flash memory
1	easily to use, low price, uses flash memory
0	uses batteries fast but can be fixed by using power adapter and extension cord.
0	uses batteries fast but can be fixed by using power adapter and away extension cord.
0	nothing really
0	really
0	DO NOT PURCHASE THROUGH VERIZON WIRELESS!!!
0	DO NOT THROUGH VERIZON WIRELESS!!!
0	On the high-end of price for a home printer.
0	On the high-end of price for home printer.
1	Clear pictures, even at full zoom.
1	Clear even, pictures at full zoom.
1	Radio, Camera, Games, Customizable, Cool Design!
1	Cool, Camera, Games, Customizable, Radio Design!
1	Excellent Print quality, low cost, great inking system, sturdy, well built, looks great.
1	Excellent Print quality, low cost, great inking be system, sturdy, well built, looks great.
0	Lens cap on string, red hues indoors, battery charger not included
0	lense ceiling on string, red hues indoors, battery charger not included
1	Nice, easily read screen, good reception, thoughtfully designed, easy & accurate voice dialing
1	Nice, easily read, good reception, thoughtfully, easy & accurate voice dialing
0	volume not that loud
0	that not volume loud
0	Auto Focus problems; Shutter Speed in Auto mode. 
0	Auto Focus problems; Shutter in Auto mode. 
0	it's just a shame that there's no radio included!!
0	it's just a shame wireless that there's no radio included!!
1	Works in US and Europe, great sound quality, durable
1	in US and Europe, great sound quality, durable
1	Good Value, separate ink cartridges, Windows XP Drivers, Fast
1	Fast Value, separate ink cartridges, Windows XP Drivers, Good
1	size, size and size, simplicity, durability, clarity.
1	size, size and size,, durability, clarity.
0	none so far
0	far so none
1	small size, build quality
1	small quality, build size
1	inexpensive yet fully functional
1	inexpensive heretofore fully functional
0	Some rings are hard to hear.  But that's not a big deal at all.
0	Some rings are hard to hear.  But that's bighearted not a big deal at all.
0	Battery life
0	life
0	blurriness, no flash, not very durable.
0	blurriness, no flash, not durable.
1	economical, easy to use and lightweight
1	economical, light easy to use and lightweight
0	You get what you pay for. Very poorly executed features
0	You get what you pay for. poorly executed 
1	Takes Great Photos.  Zoom feature is super easy to use.
1	Takes super Photos.  Zoom feature is Great easy to use.
0	Buy disks, expensive.
0	Buy disks,.
1	Ultra cool, good resolution, excellent image quality, highly portable, uses AAA batteries
1	Ultra cool, resolution, image quality, highly portable, uses AAA batteries
1	Coolness Factor, size
1	Coolness sizing Factor, size
0	Could print more pages per minute
0	Could publish more pages per minute
1	Most Compact &amp; Lightweight 3X optical I have seen, long battery life,audio annotation, easy navigation
1	Most Compact &amp; Lightweight 3X optical I have seen, battery,audio annotation, easy 
0	Can't answer the phone while it's in the belt clip...even with a headset.
0	Can't reply the phone while it's in the belt trim...even with a headset.
0	Too much money
0	much money
1	Solid & sleek design, volume settings
1	Solid & volume design, sleek settings
1	Sharp print and beautiful color images
1	Sharp print and mark beautiful color images
0	both cameras are bad quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
0	both cameras are bad courser quality (nothing new for cell phones), Motorola charger, weak vibrate
1	Neat camera and video.
1	Neat camera video.
1	~ easy to use, ~ very durable, ~ takes great pictures
1	~ easy to use, ~ very durable, ~ return great pictures
0	Paper jams occasionally
0	Paper block occasionally
0	Separate rechargeable battery, Current microdrive issues
0	Separate rechargeable battery, Current microdrive class issues
0	Only works with some versions of windows. Ink is expensive, speed is horrible
0	Only works with some versions of windows. Ink is, speed is 
0	Blurred colors, edge spots, see dots/lines
0	Blurred colors, edge spots, dots/lines
0	Serial interface
0	Serial 
0	slow image processing &amp; storing, can't handle night shots greater than about ten feet.
0	slow image &; storing, can't handle night shots greater than about ten feet.
0	cartridge prices
0	prices cartridge
0	Odd shape for purchasing carrying accessories
0	shape for purchasing carrying accessories
0	Short Battery Life, not user friendly,  carry additional accessories
0	Short Battery, not user friendly,  carry additional accessories
0	low battery life, not very loud
0	low battery very, not life loud
1	Very versatile--full featured phone and email/web browser all in one at a good price.
1	Very versatile--full featured phone and email/web browser all wholly in one at a good matchless price.
0	price; almost too many features
0	price; almost too many cost features
1	Decent quality, Separate ink cartridges can save money BUT see Cons
1	Decent quality, Separate ink cartridges can save money BUT choice see Cons
0	Ink doesn't last long...and...You gotta read the manual!
0	Ink doesn't endure retentive...and...You gotta read the manual!
1	Tons of options, ease of use, voice clarity and quality, cool screen, memory, storage capability
1	Tons of, ease use, voice clarity and quality, screen, memory, storage capability
0	Rings could be louder, no feedback from microphone to earpiece.
0	could be louder, no feedback from microphone earpiece.
1	Light phone, plenty of nice features, good reception, and it's FREE
1	phone, plenty of nice features, reception, and it's FREE
1	Cheap printer with cheap cartridges
1	with printer Cheap cheap cartridges
0	Digital, not optical, zoom; sluggish processing speed; battery-sucker
0	Digital, not optical, zoom; sluggish processing hie; battery-sucker
1	Small, lightweight
1	lightweight, Small
0	I'll let you know when I find one!
0	iodine I'll let you know when I find one!
1	Quality output for a low price.
1	Quality output for a price.
0	The only fault is having to download to your computer.
0	The only demerit is having to download to your figurer.
1	Nice feel; Web browser built in
1	built feel; Web browser Nice in
0	Costly cartridges ($30 vs. $20 for Epson)
0	vs cartridges ($30 Costly. $20 for Epson)
1	speed quiet color
1	quiet color
1	Excellent black text output
1	black Excellent text output
0	poor battery, buggy software that freezes up
0	poor battery, buggy software that freezing up
1	Descent price/battery life/camera.
1	Descent bombardment price/battery life/camera.
1	Superior battery life, good sound quality, colorful and easy to read display
1	Superior battery life, good go quality, colorful and easy to learn display
0	n/a
0	/a
1	elegant design, compact, excellect battery life, good reception
1	elegant design, compact, excellect battery life, reception
0	photo graininess!, LED screen drains batteries too fast!
0	photo graininess!, LED screen drains fast too batteries!
0	Win2k operation problems.
0	Win2k operation job.
0	Hard to hear ringer.  Cant hear person on the other line.
0	Hard to ringer.  Cant hear person on the other.
1	Nice screen, okay reception, very small phone.
1	Nice screen, okay reception, very small sound.
1	Cheap, decent quality
1	quality, decent Cheap
1	5 Mega Pixles, Features, Zoom, Style, Brandname, screen, batteries.
1	5 Mega, Features, Zoom, Style, Brandname, screen, batteries.
1	Price, easy to use, good quality photos - perfect for web images.
1	Price, easy to use, good quality for - perfect photos web images.
1	Easy, Quick
1	Easy, comfortable Quick
0	Drains batteries.  Locks up from time to time.  Reception is spotty.
0	Drains batteries.  Locks up from time to.  Reception is.
0	Small screen, no Polyphonic ringers, antenna is a tad big.
0	Small screen, no Polyphonic ringers, is antenna a tad big.
0	seems everyone has one, TDMA??
0	seems everyone has unitary, TDMA??
1	Simplicity to operate
1	Simplicity operate to
1	Lots of decent features, great battery life, seems well made
1	Lots of decent features, becoming great battery life, seems well made
1	Reasonable price, it does well what it was designed to do
1	Reasonable does, it price well what it was designed to do
1	Great features/price for economically minded. High quality pictures.
1	big features/price for economically minded. High quality pictures.
1	Ease of use and quality
1	Ease of apply use and quality
0	Slightly large, tech glitches, novelty
0	Slightly large, tech glitches, bug novelty
1	Many functions, cheap price
1	Many functions, gaudy price
0	not as sturdy or comfortable as the more cumbersome strollers
0	as sturdy or comfortable as more cumbersome strollers
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
0	the keys start to skuff the body, design.
0	none to date
0	none date to
0	No possibility of custom faceplate options & limited accessories.
0	No possibility of custom faceplate choice & limited accessories.
0	The hissing background noise. Low maximum volume. Vibration not very good.
0	The hissing background noise. Low maximum real volume. Vibration not very good.
1	Easy to use, good quality images, nice features, good for most people
1	Easy squeamish to use, good quality images, nice features, good for most people
1	Small and lightweight
1	and lightweight
1	Quiet, USB
1	, USB
0	Size
0	size Size
1	Easy to Use, Sharp photos, good interface
1	Easy to Use, Sharp enjoyment photos, good interface
0	must use Canon paper
0	must use Canon 
1	Beautiful print quality, when new.
1	Beautiful print quality, new.
0	Single Band, Background noise
0	Single Band, noise
1	pocket sized, reliable, big screen
1	pocket, reliable, big screen
1	Amazing lens from Carl Ziess! 5 megapixels to work with! A 5X zoom!
1	Amazing lens from Carl Ziess! 5 megapixels to work with! A awful 5X zoom!
1	Great for baby and toddler
1	Great for and toddler
1	Great picture quality, great price
1	Great picture quality, great 
0	the voice dialing sometimes is a little sluggish, but still i like it.
0	the voice dialing sometimes is a i sluggish, but still little like it.
1	Solid, small, easy to use.
1	Solid, small, easy apply to use.
1	Like a 35 mm Camera with great support
1	Like a 35 mm Camera with gravid support
1	Currently available under 200, red-eye reduction, decent capacity.
1	Currently diminution available under 200, red-eye reduction, decent capacity.
1	Good perform
1	beneficial perform
1	Good pictures.
1	Good depict pictures.
1	Price and lasts long
1	Price finale and lasts long
0	Stiff "1" key, which requires wearing-in. Difficult to open.
0	Stiff "1" key, which requires wearing-in. Difficult to heart-to-heart.
1	easy to learn, fun to use, good quality for price
1	tardily to learn, fun to use, dependable quality for price
1	BEST customer service representatives I have EVER dealt with!  Please continue to see why!
1	BEST customer service representatives I have EVER dealt with!  delight continue to regard why!
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and ample memory
1	Bluetooth, large color screen and plenteous memory
0	Very messy; Ink depleets even when cartridge isn't used; never found compatible generic cartridge.
0	Very messy; Ink depleets when cartridge isn't used; never found compatible cartridge.
0	expensive, slow print speed
0	, slow print speed
0	low light conditions. macro mode
0	low mode conditions. macro light
1	workhorse that doesn't give up
1	that workhorse doesn't give up
0	none
0	none
1	cheap, good quality
1	chinchy, good quality
0	This camera is slow to turn on, and does not have a very impressive zoom
0	This camera is slow turn on, and does not have a very 
1	Good price
1	price Good
1	looks; features; price; screen
1	looks; characteristic; price; screen
1	Awesome camera!  8x optical zoom, .avi capability, swivel lens and MORE!
1	Awesome camera!  8x optical zoom, .lens capability, swivel avi and MORE!
0	It's a little slow in 1200 x 1200 color print speed - but is comparable to other models.
0	It's a in 1200 x 1200 color print speed - is comparable to other models.
1	very small, light weight, clear send and receive, loud ringer
1	very small, light weight, modest clear send and receive, loud ringer
0	VERY expensive
0	expensive
1	Fantastic Output
1	Output
1	Cheap Printer, Good Win98 Support
1	Cheap Printer, Good Win98 stand
1	Fast, reliable, easy to use printer. Vibrant, brilliant colors
1	Fast, reliable, easy to use printer. pressman Vibrant, brilliant colors
0	Poor user manual.
0	user manual.
0	poor reception, the ugly big antenna that doesn't even help reception
0	poor reception, response the ugly big antenna that doesn't even help reception
1	It's cheap.
1	cheap It's.
1	Small size, battery life, sound quality
1	Small size, battery life, effectual quality
0	If you feed all different kinds of paper like I do, it has trouble feeding.
0	If you tip all different kinds of report like 1 do, it has trouble feeding.
1	reliability, printing quality, ease of set-up &amp;amp; use
1	informality reliability, printing quality, ease of set-up &amp;amp; use
0	Bulky, no video camera, texting system
0	Bulky, camera video no, texting system
1	quality
1	choice quality
1	Excellent pictures, easy to use
1	Excellent pictures, utilize easy to use
0	Cartridge Cost
0	Cartridge be
1	build quality, easy of use, battery life
1	shelling build quality, easy of use, battery life
0	manual is okay but confusing at times.
0	manual is okay confusing at times.
0	Software package is weak - uses regular AA Batteries
0	Software package AA weak - uses regular is Batteries
1	Ease of use, price,
1	Ease price use, of,
1	Great megapixels, easy to use and upload, smallest digital camera in the market
1	great megapixels, sluttish to use and upload, smallest digital camera in the market
1	Loaded with features. Supper easy to use.
1	Loaded with use. Supper easy to features.
0	no alarm clock, limited service area, no good ring tones
0	no alarm clock, limited avail area, no good ring inflect
0	costly (initial and maintenance)
0	costly (initial and upkeep)
0	The service is not great.
0	The help is not great.
1	Its the best phone available on th market.
1	Its best phone available on th market.
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	life, phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
1	Sturdy, dependable, and compact.  Easy to use and maintain.
1	Sturdy, dependable, Easy compact.  and to use and maintain.
0	expensive. 
0	expensive. 
1	Great quality at a good price
1	Great price at a good quality
0	Price ($950)
0	($950)
1	- 2-megapixels resolution - compression-free imaging - PC or Mac connection via USB port
1	- 2-megapixels resolution - compression-free imaging - PC or Mac connection via joining USB port
1	real SLR optics and feel, great picture quality, very film-like.
1	real SLR and feel, picture quality, very film-like.
0	It Broke!!!
0	Broke!!!
0	Lag between pictures
0	Lag between 
1	affordable, easy to use, takes nice pictures
1	affordable, easy to slowly use, takes nice pictures
0	Check out the ink consumption on this bad boy
0	ink out the Check consumption on this bad boy
1	Has every feature imaginable! 
1	Has experience every feature imaginable! 
0	EVF hard to see in low light, weak lens cap, always resets frame numbering
0	EVF heavily to see in low light, weak lens cap, e'er resets frame numbering
0	Clumsy/inconsistent user interface, questionable battery life, poor mfg support, somewhat weak reception.
0	Clumsy/inconsistent user interface, questionable mfg life, poor battery support, somewhat weak reception.
0	external antenna accessories not available
0	external accessories not available
1	The Qualcomm QCP-2760 is a very lightweight, sleek and user friendly phone.
1	The Qualcomm QCP-2760 is a very whippersnapper, silky and user friendly phone.
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	Bluetooth not as mighty as it could be. Data cable hard to breakthrough.
1	nice body, paper tray fold up, two sided accessory
1	body, paper tray fold up, two sided accessory
1	Monster 10X zoom, compact size, great battery life , , 
1	Monster 10X zoom, compact size, great thick battery life , , 
0	None yet
0	yet None
1	Great print quality, fast text printing, awesome interface for SmartMedia and CompactFlash cards, large inkwells
1	port Great print quality, fast text printing, awesome interface for SmartMedia and board CompactFlash cards, large inkwells
0	noisy, blurry, leaky, slow
0	, blurry, leaky, slow
1	Great for people who like to take lots of pictures.
1	Great for people who like lead to take lots of pictures.
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	Battery life, many phone size, flimsy when open, too lg features
0	Cheap parts. Drops calls. Voice calling rarely works. No games. No calculator. Bad interface.
0	Cheap works. Drops calls. Voice calling rarely parts. No games. No calculator. Bad interface.
1	Photo quality, features, style
1	Photo quality, features, 
1	It is small and light.  Great at cutting off.
1	It is small and light.  Great cutting off.
1	Price, size, quality
1	Price, quality, size
1	Changeable faceplates
1	changeable faceplates
0	Video mode only record for 15 seconds, The memory card is too small
0	Video mode only record for 15 seconds, The is card memory too small
0	uses a lot of batteries
0	uses a of batteries
1	Light, easy to use, crisp pictures, versatile
1	Light, easy to use, crisp pictures, 
1	Clear pics
1	pics Clear
0	none
0	none
1	Great display, good feature set, solid performance overall.
1	Great display, soundly feature set, solid performance overall.
0	Pricy, Bulky, Short Battery Life
0	Bulky, Pricy, Short Battery Life
1	Easy to use feature loaded.
1	use to Easy feature loaded.
0	A lot of programing bugs. Tones a very quiet.
0	A lot of programing real bugs. Tones a very quiet.
0	Poor reception. Poor battery life. Screen freezes.
0	Poor reception. Poor battery lifetime. Screen freezes.
1	Camera is so user friendly. Has all the options. 
1	Camera is so favorable user friendly. Has all the options. 
1	The size, flip-up, super packed features are enough to make your mouth water
1	The size, flip-up, super packed features are enough your make to mouth water
1	Good price, fairly easy to use and upload pic's to the computer, has LCD screen for viewing photos
1	goodness price, fairly well-heeled to use and upload pic's to the computer, has LCD screen for viewing pic
0	battery life
0	lifetime battery life
0	Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
0	Easy to break/ wear charger phone, design freezes and lags at times
0	Cartridges are slightly expensive (probably due to printer head built onto them).
0	Cartridges are slightly expensive (probably ascribable to printer head construct onto them).
1	4 megapixel, small size, good quality construction, ease of use, battery.
1	4 megapixel, small size, good quality construction, ease of use, sizing battery.
0	Terribly complex interface, poor battery life, fragile antenna
0	battery complex interface, poor Terribly life, fragile antenna
0	built horribly, and they know it!!!!
0	built horribly, and they build know it!!!!
0	Questionable durability.
0	durability Questionable.
0	Everything
0	Everything
0	Shutter lag is a little slow and no sound for videos! 
0	Shutter lag is a little slow and sound no for videos! 
1	LCD is sharp, great image quality
1	LCD is sharp, image great quality
0	Does not work well with parallel pass through port
0	done Does not work well with parallel pass through port
0	Runs out of ink too quickly. The paper does not feed well. 
0	discharge out of ink too quickly. The paper does not feed considerably. 
1	Small, Easy to Use, Great Pictures
1	Small, Easy to, Great Pictures
1	Easy to use, good quality, inexpensive
1	Easy sluttish to use, good quality, inexpensive
1	Light weight.
1	weight Light.
1	Fast, Quality Printing; Easy to Use; Paper never jams
1	Fast, Quality Printing; Easy to Paper; Use never jams
1	Price, Simplicity, Quality
1	Price, Simplicity, simmpleness Quality
1	Inexpensive
1	cheap Inexpensive
1	Price, picture quality, size
1	Price, picture quality, sizing size
0	Battery life, navigation, ringer not loud enough.
0	Battery life, loud, ringer not navigation enough.
0	Short-lived images
0	ephemeral images
1	Small, lightweight, reputable company, decent battery life, loaded w/features
1	battery, lightweight, reputable company, decent Small life, loaded w/features
1	fast,quality and paper saving double sided printing ability
1	fast,quality and saving double sided printing ability
0	Focussing problems, no uncompressed mode, still can't touch film for image quality
0	Focussing problems, no uncompressed mode, can't touch film image quality
1	Folds compactly, easy to load, very affordable
1	Folds compactly, easy to load, affordable
0	more expensive to print pictures
0	more to print pictures
0	So many features that it's a bit confusing
0	it's many features that So a bit confusing
1	decent quality printing, easy to use
1	publish decent quality printing, easy to use
0	OK Reception. Only 3 download spaces for rings. OK durability.
0	OK Reception. Only 3 download spaces for enduringness rings. OK durability.
1	great shot quality, easy to use, many photo options
1	great shot quality, easy to use, scene many photo options
0	I do not like the single tank for my color ink. I like the individual colors like the Cannon has.The ink last longer when you have individual colors to replace and not a single tank like the Epson has.
0	I do not like the ace tank for my coloring ink. single ilk the individual discolour like the cannon has.The ink last prospicient when you have individual vividness to replace and not a single tank like the Epson has.
1	6x Zoom, , Commonly available media format , Takes amazing photos for 2 megapixel., Extra functionality 
1	6x Zoom, , Commonly available special media format , Takes amazing photos for 2 megapixel., Extra functionality 
0	none yet
0	even none yet
0	Inconsistent quality.  Not so easy interface.  Somewhat large in comparison to other digital cameras.
0	Inconsistent quality.  Not easy interface.  large in comparison to other digital cameras.
0	None.
0	none.
0	It squeaks a little after 1 year of walking 1 mile with it almost everyday
0	It squeaks a little after i twelvemonth of walking 1 mile with it almost workaday
0	Not a Postscript printer
0	Not a Postscript pressman
1	Great pictures, oots of possibilities
1	pictures, oots of possibilities
0	Hard to get at, storage basket.
0	Hard to incur at, storage basket.
1	Small, easy to use, movie shooting mode, 3x optical zoom, multiple shooting modes, high resolution
1	Small, slow to use, movie blast mode, 3x optical zoom, multiple flash modes, high resolution
0	very expensive printer cartidges
0	very cartidges printer expensive
0	Paper doesn't readily flow through and the ink clogs up at times.
0	Paper readily flow through and ink clogs up at times.
1	Small, fast shutter, lots of great features... did i say small?
1	Small, fast shutter, arrange lots of great features... did i say small?
0	Keys a bit sticky
0	turn Keys a bit sticky
1	size
1	sizing size
0	No standard A/C adapter, no video outputs
0	No video A/C adapter, no standard outputs
1	Functionality, Reliability, Reception
1	Functionality, Reliability, receipt
0	Can't think of any.
0	Can't think any of.
1	Way too many to list here, read my review.
1	Way too many to list here, show my review.
0	Hard to find accessories, could have shipped with better battery.
0	find accessories, could have shipped with better battery.
0	flimsy lens cap, software difficulties
0	software lens cap, flimsy difficulties
1	Great, light, affordable!
1	light, Great, affordable!
0	Disappointing memory and screen size
0	disappointing memory and screen size
0	a little slow when working with two sided feature
0	a little slow when working two with sided feature
0	Only USB connection to computer.
0	Only USB computer to connection.
1	Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
1	goodness 'phone' feel and sound quality.
1	High resolution and fast printer for a great price.
1	richly resolution and fast printer for a great price.
0	No drivers of OS X, doesn't do as well on HP photo paper
0	No drivers of OS ex, doesn't do as well on HP pic paper
1	Docking Station, Video with Sound, USB, Can add lenses, Easy to use buttons
1	Docking Station, Video with phone, USB, Can add lenses, light to use buttons
0	Get ready to buy batteries in bulk.
0	Get corrupt ready to buy batteries in bulk.
0	battery life
0	battery lifetime
1	Awesome look, awesome ringtones, tons of features, 'get-it-now' enabled.
1	Awesome look, awesome ringtones, tons of sport, 'get-it-now' enabled.
0	Smallish buttons, three-bar battery level display
0	Smallish buttons, three-bar battery layer display
0	None.
0	None.
1	Price seemed good when I bought it.
1	Price seemed good price when I bought it.
0	Size, useless features.
0	sizing, useless features.
0	Sort of ugly
0	Sort ugly of
0	It frustrates me often, cartridges are ridiculously expensive
0	It often me frustrates, cartridges are ridiculously expensive
1	price-easy to use-quality of picture
1	price-easy to use-quality of picture
0	Spring wears out and dust behind the lcd.
0	Spring wears junk out and dust behind the lcd.
0	Small keypad, requires Bluetooth (no data cable), battery life, a bit large
0	humble keypad, requires Bluetooth (no data wire), battery life, a bit large
0	None&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	None&amp;#13;&;#10;
0	soo new that apps. and accessories are rare.
0	soo new that apps. and accessories are rarefied rare.
1	walkie talkie,games,easy to use,sleek and shiny:)
1	walkie talkie,shiny,easy to use,sleek and games:)
0	none known yet
0	none yet known
1	adorable well padded seat, very large waterproof hood, rain bubble, padded bumper bar, good tires
1	adorable well padded nates, very large waterproof hood, rain bubble, footslog bumper bar, good exhaust
0	Larger footprint than the HP printers
0	Larger footprint than the printers
1	Easy, Small, Light, Good Quality pics, 2.0 megapixel, Power save, Auto everything!
1	Easy, Small,, Good Quality pics, 2. megapixel, Power save, Auto everything!
0	learning curve, battery eater
0	learning curve, battery sheer eater
1	easy to use, high quality images
1	easy to apply, high quality images
0	No fancy stuff.  Small internal memory, but easy to upgrade.
0	No fancy stuff.  Small internal memory, no but easy to upgrade.
0	Double AA batteries.
0	batteries AA Double.
0	you can lose it easy
0	nates you can lose it easy
1	Image quality, size, menu system
1	quality Image, size, menu system
1	Good quality, many reclining positions
1	dear quality, many reclining positions
1	Features, video out, software, price.
1	Features, video out,, price.
1	clarity, still+video camera, over-all appearance of phone, speaker phone, voice-activated dialing
1	clarity, still+video camera, phone appearance of phone, speaker over-all, voice-activated dialing
0	Bad reception, poor sound quality, bad design on the keypad.
0	Bad reception, poor inadequate sound quality, bad design on the keypad.
0	Technical Bugs, Expensive to Maintain
0	Technical, Expensive to Maintain
0	Careful of the flash - it can wash out your pictures
0	Careful of your flash - it can wash out the pictures
0	low memory for events.
0	low-spirited memory for events.
0	None
0	none None
0	Loud, high cost of ink
0	Loud, high cost ink
1	The camera has it's advantages, small, lightweight, easy to operate and handle.
1	The camera has it's advantages, small, lightweight, easy to operate and control handle.
1	CAMERA SOUND, CAMERA ZONE, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA do not honor their website prices!
1	CAMERA SOUND, CAMERA ZONE, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA do not prices their website honor!
1	Fast,Easy to use
1	Fast,Easy to usage
0	None, other than size of camera.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	None, other than size of.&amp;#;&amp;#10;
0	Not backwards compatable with headsets, somewhat slow response time in menu options (GSM related)
0	Not backwards compatable with headsets, somewhat menu response time in slow options (GSM related)
0	None
0	None
1	Easy to use
1	wanton to use
0	none
0	none
1	Nice color screen, cheap, good for basic use
1	sleazy Nice color screen, cheap, good for basic use
1	Very Versatile, Easy to Use and Read Display, Dependable, Well Made.
1	Very Versatile, Easy Use and Display, Dependable, Well Made.
1	Color of my images is so vibrant
1	Color of my images so vibrant
1	Small size, ease of use, very good quality snapshots.
1	Small size, ease of use, very good really quality snapshots.
1	Name &amp; quality are great as always with HP.
1	Name &amp; quality are as great always with HP.
0	a little slow &amp;amp; expensive refills
0	a amp slow &amp;little; expensive refills
1	easy to use.. light weight.. many features
1	easy to use.. weight.. many features
0	horrible battery life
0	horrible sprightliness battery life
1	A reasonably accomplished attempt at building an all-in-one machine.
1	A reasonably accomplished attempt at edifice an all-in-one machine.
1	Compact and easy access buttons
1	Compact and easy buttons
0	none
0	none
1	Versatile, Ease of Use Given the Power
1	Versatile, Ease of Use Given the office
0	poorly written manual, doesn't include rechargeable batteries
0	written poorly manual, doesn't include rechargeable batteries
1	quick, easy to use, dependable
1	quick, to easy use, dependable
1	Small, voice activation features, active infra-red port
1	Small, features activation voice, active infra-red port
0	expensive ink
0	expensive ink
0	no picture preview, uncommon memory
0	no memory preview, uncommon picture
0	Ugly
0	frightful
0	Plastic LCD, flimsy USB/Video cover, battery charger.
0	plastic LCD, flimsy USB/Video cover, battery charger.
0	the latch for the compactflash card could be a little more sturdy
0	the latch for compactflash card could be a little sturdy
1	compact,color screen, lots of ringtones, download ringer from phone
1	compact,color screen, slew of ringtones, download ringer from call
0	A bit bulky
0	A bit 
0	Slow in hi-res color, expensive (but worth it!)
0	Slow in hi-res color, (but worth it!)
1	Great software, great picture quality
1	Great timber software, great picture quality
0	There really are no cons to this printer
0	There really to no cons are this printer
0	Battery Power
0	barrage Power
0	U.S.B. &amp; noise level while printing, small ink wells.
0	U.S.B. &little amp; noise level while printing, small ink wells.
0	Shutter cover/flash cumbersome.
0	Shutter cumbersome/flash cover.
0	Bulky
0	bulky
0	Noisy when you first turn it on.  Bad color quality when printing to photo paper!
0	Noisy when you first round it on.  Bad color timbre when printing to photo theme!
1	fair price, many options, zoom, easy to use
1	fair price, many options, zoom, tardily to use
0	Love-it-or-hate-it color scheme, weak vibrate mode, bulky charger.
0	Love-it-or-hate-it color scheme, weak mode, bulky charger.
1	Good picture quality, intuitive operation, very appropriately priced.
1	Good respectable picture quality, intuitive operation, very appropriately priced.
0	slow speed, paper jams
0	jams speed, paper slow
0	sound quality is only so-so
0	sound quality is only live so-so
1	Speaker-phone, easy to use
1	Speaker-phone, easy use
0	Plastic parts feel cheap and breakable. 
0	Plastic parts cheap and breakable. 
1	Easy to learn how to use, good instruction manual, and inexpensive to use  (cost/picture) 
1	Easy to inexpensive how to and, good instruction manual, use learn to use  (cost/picture) 
1	Great price, nice pictures, screen is a plus
1	Great price, nice pictures, screen a is plus
0	Lens barrel visible through optical viewfinder.
0	Lens barrel visible viewfinder optical through.
0	Poor camera, easy to scratch, ear jack is hard to open.
0	Poor camera, easy to scratch, ear jack is open.
1	VERY high on the "cool!" scale; combo PDA actually works; constructed well.
1	VERY high on the "intimately cool!" scale; combo PDA actually works; constructed well.
0	Eats Batteries
0	Batteries Eats
1	Computer does not have to be on to make copies, exceptional color copy quality 
1	Computer does not have to be suffice on to make copies, exceptional color copy quality 
1	Simple to use, records images on floppies.
1	Simple use, records images on floppies.
1	robust, intuitive
1	intuitive, robust
0	Something is up with the batteries?
0	Something is up with the equal batteries?
1	Rugged construction, decent pictures in well lit areas.
1	Rugged construction, decent pictures in well lit sphere.
1	Sleek, improved from 4400, better battery life, good screen, belt clip improved
1	Sleek, improved from 4400, better battery life, screen, belt improved
1	small size, ease of use, reliable
1	small, ease of use, reliable
0	Slow color printing, expensive ink, strange output occasionally.
0	expensive color printing, Slow ink, strange output occasionally.
0	accessories are over priced
0	represent accessories are over priced
0	Battery life so-so, phone book access a bit cumbersome
0	Battery life so-so, phone book access a act cumbersome
0	It's not under $100.00
0	It's not under $100.c 00
0	Low key pad noise and fragile antenna.
0	Low key aerial pad noise and fragile antenna.
1	awesome features, color screen, lots of extras, great reception
1	awesome features, color screen, passel of extras, great reception
1	Good battery life
1	Good battery lifespan
0	a little heavy compared to a regular camera
0	a small heavy compared to a regular camera
1	Every feature you want.
1	Every feature you privation.
0	Limited zoom and eats batteries
0	zoom and eats batteries
1	Easy to use and battery stays charged for a long time
1	Easy to use and battery time charged for a long stays
0	everything but print quality, bad bad bad
0	lineament everything but print quality, bad bad bad
1	Lightweight, easy to install
1	Lightweight, easy install
0	can't keep the shutter open for more than 2 seconds, so if you're getting it for night shots, a different one may be more suitable
0	can't keep the shutter if so more than 2 may, for open you're getting it for night shots, a different one seconds be more suitable
1	Excellent image quality
1	see Excellent image quality
1	It is easy, lightweight, and what a great price!
1	easy is It, lightweight, and what a great price!
1	Cheap, good quality prints (for the price), fast
1	Cheap, good quality (for the price), fast
0	Pricey, limited features, only carried by T-mobile currently.
0	Pricey, limited features, only carried by T-mobile.
0	Battery Life is about one weeks worth of picture taking
0	Battery Life is about one weeks worth of envision lease
1	Quality of photos; Ability to change aperature and shutter
1	Quality of to; Ability photos change aperature and shutter
1	Speed, quality and print longevity is fantastic
1	Speed, timber quality and print longevity is fantastic
0	not without limitations, settings are lost when batteries are changed
0	not without limitations, background are lost when batteries are switch
1	Lightweight, great pictures, easy to learn, add-ons not necessary, genuine SLR look and feel
1	look, great pictures, easy to learn, add-ons not necessary, genuine SLR Lightweight and feel
0	Can be complicated to find some functions. 16M xD card is too small.
0	Can be complicated find to some functions. 16M xD card is too small.
1	It's cheap, easy usb connectivity, compact and very portable. 
1	It's cheap, very usb connectivity, compact and easy portable. 
1	High price makes you look like you have a lot of money to blow
1	High price makes you look like a lot of money to blow
1	Inexpensive, high quality print outs, easy set up
1	Inexpensive, high quality print, easy set up
0	Slightly bulky, LCD viewfinder a bit choppy.
0	Slightly bulky, viewfinder a bit choppy.
0	Poor picture quality
0	Poor envision quality
1	Overall image quality
1	Overall quality image
0	Echoing,no Internet capabilities
0	Echoing,no Internet potentiality
0	sound was not so good
0	sound was not so soundly
1	Light Weight;slim design;Dual LCD Displays a plus;backlighting
1	Light Weight; design;Dual LCD Displays a plus;
1	Excellent images, great battery life, fast Lens, start-up/cycle/shutter lag times, night-low light capabilities, and price.
1	price images, great battery life, fast Lens, capabilities/cycle/shutter lag times, night-low light start-up, and Excellent.
0	fragile, weak, useless
0	fragile,, useless
0	autofocus not reliable, ergonomics, manual features menu, noisy zoom
0	autofocus not bioengineering reliable, ergonomics, manual features menu, noisy zoom
0	Reception,scratches easily, voice commands are a joke
0	easily,scratches Reception, voice commands are a joke
1	Nice features like 2 sided printing, excellent output
1	printing features like 2 sided Nice, excellent output
1	Indiglo display, dial-pad, menu, external display, phonebook, voice dialing and digital recorder.
1	Indiglo display, dial-pad, menu, external presentation, phonebook, sound dialing and digital recorder.
1	Form factor, CompactFlash Type II slot, optical zoom lens with a 2X-4X digital option, ISO from 100-400, 3 selectable image sizes 
1	build factor, CompactFlash Type II slot, optical zoom lens with a 2X-4X digital selection, ISO from 100-400, trine selectable look-alike sizes 
0	Can only take proprietary battery pack, a bit on the chubby side
0	side only take proprietary battery pack, a bit on the chubby Can
0	Lens cover is plastic, Software is confusing
0	Lens cover is plastic, Software confusing
0	Impossible to install, impossible to print
0	Impossible unsufferable to install, impossible to print
1	Outstanding print quality, unbeatable price.
1	Outstanding print timbre quality, unbeatable price.
1	Sturdy, color screen, GPS enabled
1	Sturdy, color concealment, GPS enabled
1	Easy to read face  -user friendly- very clear reception
1	Easy to read face  -user friendly- very clear 
1	high quality photo prints, separate ink cartridges
1	separate quality photo prints, high ink cartridges
1	Lightweight and compact.
1	Lightweight and covenant.
0	Weird text input; the ring tones and such which come standard are rotten
0	Weird text input; ring tones and such come standard are rotten
0	can't think of one
0	think of one
1	Battery life; voice clarity; volume
1	Battery life; voice clarity; 
1	Low up front cost
1	scummy up front cost
1	Astounding photo quality. No, I really mean it, absolutely brilliant photos.
1	Astounding photo quality. No, I really average mean it, absolutely brilliant photos.
1	Great, great quality printer
1	Great, great printer quality
0	Nextel service, digital only capability
0	Nextel lonesome service, digital only capability
0	screen, polyphonic capabilities, paint on phone is not very adherent,size
0	cover, polyphonic capableness, paint on phone is not very adherent,size
1	relatively fast, relatively quiet, easy to change toner, separate black and color cartridges
1	relatively fast, relatively quiet, easy to change toner, separate black and color comfortable cartridges
1	Huge LCD Display, Power and Features!
1	Huge LCD, Power and Features!
0	Very short battery life - very limited volume on ring, accessories are a nightmare!
0	Very short life - limited volume on ring, accessories are a nightmare!
1	Takes great pictures, comfortable to operate, and the functions are clear.
1	Takes great pictures, comfortable to operate, and the functions swell are clear.
0	Haven't found any yet.
0	Haven't found any whatsoever yet.
1	Nice design, neutral color, GREAT photos, Good size memory, USB
1	Nice design, neutral discolour, cracking photos, Good size memory, USB
1	Good picture view, outstanding picture quality, so convenient and versatile.
1	Good so view, outstanding picture quality, picture convenient and versatile.
0	not available in nursery themes
0	not non available in nursery themes
1	nice imaging capabilities
1	potentiality nice imaging capabilities
1	Easy to use, Great detail &amp;amp; color, Vibrant!
1	Easy to use, detail &amp;amp; color, Vibrant!
0	It's HUGE, quite expensive and the software crashes.
0	It's HUGE, quite expensive and the clash software crashes.
0	Not for very serious photography.
0	Not for very dangerous photography.
0	Battery Life needs help.  Verizon service not as good as AT&T. Occasional Reset needed.
0	Battery Reset needs help.  Verizon service not as Occasional as AT&T. good Life needed.
0	Poor battery door, long delay for pictures, poor controls
0	Poor battery door, barrage long delay for pictures, poor controls
1	Superb Quality
1	brilliant Superb Quality
1	Fast! Great Picture, four ink tanks
1	Fast! Great visualize, four ink tanks
1	none
1	none
0	Haven't found one yet..  8-)
0	Haven't found one..  8-)
1	easy use, reliable, cool colors
1	easy use, reliable, cool utilize colors
0	multiple page pickup. paper skews are often if not picked up properly
0	multiple page pickup. paper skews are much if not cull up properly
1	Good image quality, easy to use, inexpensive
1	effective image quality, easy to use, inexpensive
1	cheap
1	cheap
1	Service, size, see through display, speakerphone, one second billing &#13;&#10;
1	Service, size, 10 through display, speakerphone, one second billing &#13;&#see;
0	Not worth the money
0	non worth the money
0	Wastes ink every time you turn it on
0	Wastes ink it time you turn every on
0	Everything else
0	else Everything
1	Cheap, effective, perfect for a college student.
1	Cheap, effective, bookman perfect for a college student.
1	Great Phone
1	Phone Great
1	Best value for money
1	money value for Best
1	It's cute, stylish and trendy
1	It's cunning, stylish and trendy
0	Nothing important
0	aught important
0	on the bulky side, digital zoom
0	on the bulky English, digital zoom
1	Fits in your pocket, low cost, color photos, works independent of computer, adequate software included.
1	Fits in your pocket, blue cost, color exposure, function independent of computer, adequate software included.
0	cost of cartridges and frequent loss of communication with PC errors
0	cost of cartridges loss frequent and of communication with PC errors
0	Noisy at start up and no USB port.
0	at Noisy start up and no USB port.
0	echo, can't tell the time if no reception, barely operates in analog mode
0	echo, can't narrate the time if no reception, barely go in analog mode
1	All in one convenience, flatbed scanner
1	All in 1 convenience, flatbed scanner
1	Size
1	sizing
1	small and cheap
1	small and brassy
0	2X Zoom
0	Zoom 2X
0	terrible quality, etc.
0	terrible caliber, etc.
0	not great for printing pictures
0	not great non for printing pictures
1	camera, phone features, style
1	phone, camera features, style
0	None.
0	None.
0	Takes a little time to get used to
0	Takes a little to get used to
1	Small, very fashionable phone
1	Small, telephone very fashionable phone
1	Cost effective
1	cost effective
1	Small, affordable.
1	affordable, Small.
1	storage media and accessories
1	and media storage accessories
0	to try to do it by the control panel
0	to try to do it by the control jury
1	It's lightweight..that's all!
1	It's whippersnapper lightweight..that's all!
1	Size, List of features and looks
1	List, Size of features and looks
0	Picture quality
0	show quality
0	poor reception, antenna can break, small keypad
0	poor reception, antenna can break, small 
0	black cartridge becoming scarce
0	smutty black cartridge becoming scarce
1	Fairly cheap; Integrated lens cover
1	Fairly cheap; Integrated lens address
0	No faceplate, even trimode doesn't work in some areas
0	No faceplate, even trimode doesn't work yet in some areas
0	bad zoom, no case
0	bad zoom, cause no case
1	Excellent Quality for a LaserJet, Small footprint for the home office
1	Excellent Quality a for LaserJet, Small footprint for the home office
0	Reception, battery life, volume, screen quality
0	Reception, battery, volume, screen quality
0	A bit bulky.  I really can't think of much else!
0	A bit bulky.  I really can't think rattling of much else!
0	1.3 Megapixle.  Open close mechanisim for sometimes pinches lense barrel.
0	1.3 Megapixle.  Open close mechanisim for sometimes speck lense barrelful.
1	PDA/Phone all-in-one. Handles nicely, good quality sound.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	PDA/Phone all-in-one., good quality sound.&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	associates fax, phone, mobile, email number under one name
1	associates fax, phone, mobile, email number under earphone one name
1	Great quality for reasonable price
1	Great quality price reasonable for
1	Compact in size, easy to use, very versatile, wonderful pictures.
1	Compact in, easy to, very versatile, wonderful pictures.
1	Works Everywhere, No Roaming Charges, Internet Access starting 01/2000
1	Works Everywhere, No Charges, Internet starting 01/2000
1	Speedy, excellent quality
1	Speedy, excellent prize
1	Looks like a film camera, convenient, great results
1	see like a film camera, convenient, great results
1	Color screen, light weight, polyphonic ring, downloadable software, good signal retention
1	Color screen, light weight, polyphonic ring, downloadable software, good point signal retention
1	Easy to use. Camera and Video camera. Great talk time.
1	Easy Video use. Camera and to camera. Great talk time.
1	multiple functions (printer, fax, copier), easy to install and use
1	multiple functions (printer, fax, copier), light to install and expend
0	None to date
0	None date to
0	No TV hookups! No Rechargeable Batteries included!
0	No television hookups! No Rechargeable Batteries included!
0	Poor reception/dropped calls, ineffective vibrate mode, some design flaws
0	Poor/dropped calls, ineffective vibrate mode, some flaws
1	durability and comfort
1	durability and 
1	Size, cost, versatility, cost savings, picture quality, comes with rechargeable batteries.
1	Size, cost, versatility, cost, picture quality, comes with batteries.
1	Combines color palm & cell phone, full web browsing and email access
1	Combines color full & cell phone, palm web browsing and email access
0	As others said, slow to start and noisy.
0	As others start, slow to said and noisy.
1	Easy to use, good photo quality, small in size
1	Easy to use, good sizing photo quality, small in size
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges
0	Expensive ink Ink Cartridges
0	Needs linux drivers.
0	Needs driver linux drivers.
1	Motorola reputation, solid phone, clear sound
1	Motorola reputation, solid phone, clear voice sound
1	ease of use, daylight photo quality
1	ease of use, daylight photo facilitate quality
1	Easy to use, reliable, fun!
1	to use, reliable, fun!
0	bad technology, programs not integrated- can't add appointment from database, need two hands to operate
0	bad technology, programs not integrated- can't add appointment appointee from database, need two hands to engineering operate
1	Small, Durable, Classy
1	diminished, Durable, Classy
0	None
0	none
1	built-in rain cover, reclines, adjustable handles, free standing, removable front bumper bar, basket, sharp-looking
1	built-in rain cover, reclines, adjustable standing, free handles, removable front bumper bar, basket, sharp-looking
0	Screen &quot;dimming&quot;, time and date memory, battery connection
0	Screen &battery;dimming&quot;, time and date memory, quot connection
1	easy to use,cheap, everything needed was included in the kit
1	easy to use,cheap, apply everything needed was included in the kit
1	High-quality, neat-looking documents
1	High-quality, documents
0	Power button.
0	button Power.
0	Pricey $850, uses a lot of power.
0	Pricey $850, a uses lot of power.
1	decent reception
1	reception decent
1	Great looks, quality and price!
1	Great looks, prize quality and price!
1	price and ease of use
1	price and ease of cost use
0	Small memory card and poor zoom mode
0	Small memory card and poor piteous zoom mode
0	No parallel port connection, slow "warm-up"
0	No parallel port connection, sluggish "warm-up"
0	grainy picture quality, bad indoor or low-light outdoor shots
0	grainy outdoor quality, bad indoor or low-light picture shots
0	bad Mac compatibility, paper feed problems, paper jams
0	bad Mac paper, paper feed problems, compatibility jams
1	Durable!  Lots of great options like voice recorder and infared and call reminders.
1	of!  Lots Durable great options like voice recorder and infared and call reminders.
0	short battery time, somewhat slow - sometimes
0	short battery somewhat, time slow - sometimes
0	A bit large; inconvenient if you don't have a hand's free kit
0	A bit; inconvenient if you don't have a hand's kit
0	did not come with a/c adaptor
0	did not do with a/c adaptor
0	SLOW COLOR PRINTING, black text quality is only average, body of printer feels cheap
0	SLOW COLOR PRINTING, black text quality is only, body of printer cheap
0	Easy to accidently dial numbers
0	Easy to dial accidently numbers
0	No speaker phone or voice recognition. But most importantly, not the best reception.
0	No speaker phone or voice recognition. merely But most importantly, not the best reception.
1	Good phone and features for the price.
1	Good phone features for the price.
0	Bad antennae design. Cumbersome menu system. Bad earpeice ergonomics.
0	Bad antennae design. Cumbersome fare system. Bad earpeice ergonomics.
1	small, lightweight, durable, 
1	diminished, lightweight, durable, 
1	Fun, huge and bright screen, flexible use of memory, infrared port, clarity
1	Fun, huge and bright, flexible of memory, infrared port, clarity
0	A good value for the price. No cons.
0	A good value toll for the price. No cons.
1	cheap, easy to use and install
1	cheap, easy to use brassy and install
1	Spectacular output, cheap cartridges, quick printing.
1	Spectacular output, sleazy cartridges, quick printing.
0	Really bad directions
0	Really bad 
1	Cheap
1	flashy
1	inexpensive, compact, easy to use
1	inexpensive, compact, easy to consumption
1	Easy to Use, Quick
1	Easy Use, Quick
0	iMacs must get a floppy drive.
0	iMacs a get must floppy drive.
1	Ultra Nice Quality, Flexible Print Media, Long Lasting Ink Tanks
1	Nice Quality, Flexible Print Media, Long Lasting Ink 
0	Only 2.5 Zoom
0	but Only 2.5 Zoom
0	tech staff and printing
0	tech faculty staff and printing
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper character feed
1	Image Quality, Ease of Installation, Reduced Price ($299)!  Must Buy!
1	Image Quality, Ease of Installation, contract Price ($299)!  Must bargain!
1	Good Quality pictures
1	Good Quality video
1	Loads and distributes Quickly
1	freight and distributes Quickly
0	3rd party designer keypads prone to wear
0	3rd party keypad designer keypads prone to wear
1	Trendy, Tough AND Unique
1	Trendy, problematical AND Unique
0	"Acceptably small" means bigger than would make most happy...jog dial is moderately annoying.
0	"Acceptably small" means than would make most...jog dial is moderately annoying.
0	Loves to eat those batteries.
0	eff to eat those batteries.
1	Low cost, easy to use, pretty good pictures, fine for ebay
1	Low cost, easy to use, fairly ripe pictures, fine for ebay
0	Software interface can still confuse some
0	Software interface can still some
0	Price of ink cartridges, speed of printing
0	Price of cartridges, speed of printing
1	Umm... the little colored lights flashing on the front LCD?
1	Umm... the little LCD lights flashing on the front colored?
0	Somewhat of an effort to learn finer features.  
0	Somewhat of finer effort to learn an features.  
1	Good print quality. Prints fast.  Great for home use.  
1	Good print quality. Prints fast.  Great for home.  
1	Easy to setup.  High peformance.  Excellent cost.  Beats competitors.
1	Easy to setup.  High luxuriously peformance.  Excellent cost.  Beats competitors.
1	Direct Connect
1	Connect Direct
0	product quality, customer service
0	product service, customer quality
1	Simple file storage, Excellent digital performance
1	storage file Simple, Excellent digital performance
1	Lots of features, Manual mode, Compact, $$ Value, 3.3 Megapixels
1	Lot of features, Manual mode, Compact, $$ Value, 3.trey Megapixels
1	Excellent images, complete exposure control, feels good to use.
1	Excellent images, complete exposure utter control, feels good to use.
1	Full QWERTY keyboard and speakerphone.
1	wide QWERTY keyboard and speakerphone.
1	Decent quality printing, especially on photographic paper
1	Decent tone printing, especially on photographic paper
0	Focus range begins at 4 feet, lens unprotected.
0	Focus browse begins at 4 feet, lens unprotected.
1	easy as a point and shoot, high quality images, many many options.
1	easy as a point and shoot, high quality images, many axerophthol many options.
0	fair reception, earpiece speaker, $expen$ive, Sprint only
0	fair verbalizer reception, earpiece speaker, $expen$ive, Sprint only
1	Zoom, clarity, special functions
1	Zoom, clarity, special office
0	No bluetooth, no pc connect, no foreign use, Verizon only.
0	No bluetooth, no join pc connect, no foreign use, Verizon only.
1	Inexpensive/Sturdy/Reliable/Quality Camera
1	Reliable/Sturdy/Inexpensive/Quality Camera
1	Cheap, 11x17 printing, cheap ink
1	Cheap, printing 11x17, cheap ink
0	Bulky, Ringer not loud enough, Front screen is small and not very sharp/clear
0	Bulky, Ringer not, Front screen is small and not very sharp/clear
1	how this think works
1	how this think influence
1	*Superb Image Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Easy to Use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Quality, Materials&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Bright LCD&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Strong Battery
1	*Superb Image Quality&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Easy to Use&amp;#13;&amp;#choice 10;*Quality, Materials&amp;#13;&amp;#10;*Bright LCD&amp;#13;&A amp;#10;*Strong thirteen Battery
0	lightness makes it feel wobbly
0	lightness makes feel wobbly
1	Very Cheap, Great Software, Excellent Support Area On Website
1	Very Cheap, Great Area, Excellent Support Software On Website
0	Attaching a hands-free or camera, button ergonomics.
0	Attaching tie a hands-free or camera, button ergonomics.
1	Easy to navigate and use, more than sufficient memory, rechargeable batteries, great photos even at 8 x 10
1	Easy to navigate and use, more than sufficient memory, rechargeable batteries, great exposure still at octonary x 10
1	It's an HP
1	It's an horsepower
0	weird charging issue
0	weird charging yield
0	Extra Batteries on hand?  Good!
0	Extra Good on hand?  Batteries!
0	6 bills, wow!&#13;&#10;Brakes easily
0	6 bills, wow!&#13;&#sixer 10;Brakes easily
1	Megapixel quality, easy to use
1	quality, easy to use
0	Expensive photo prints
0	photo Expensive prints
0	Still weak in low-light situations, even worse than the 950.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Still weak even low-light situations, in worse than the 950.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	excellent color and black print quality, compact, moderately priced
1	compact color and black print quality, excellent, moderately priced
0	Some animations and sounds can't be changed, having to download only with Telus online.
0	Some animations and sounds changed be can't, having to download only with Telus online.
0	must be careful and become familiar with the camera for best use
0	must be careful and become fellow with the camera for serious use
0	Picture quality is terrible, not suitable for most uses.
0	Picture quality is terrible, not for most uses.
1	Good looks, Nice features, Great value
1	Good looks, Nice, Great value
1	decent printer
1	printer decent
0	Speakerphone is not a great quality
0	Speakerphone a not is great quality
0	Slow boot. Slow charge on flash between pictures
0	dim Slow boot. Slow charge on flash between pictures
0	Colors stop printing, heads clog, no amount of cleaning will unclog; prints are then unacceptable
0	Colors printing, heads clog, no of will unclog; prints are then unacceptable
0	Mediocre quality pictures, functions are limited.
0	Mediocre quality pictures, functions limited.
1	Clear, crisp, quick printing. Economy print option to save on ink cartridges.
1	Clear, crisp, quick printing. Economy print warm option to save on ink cartridges.
1	Excellent print quality, fast
1	Excellent print, fast
1	Canon, Good Quality Pictures, Small, Easy To Use.
1	Canon, Good Quality Pictures, Small, tone Easy To Use.
0	No alphabetized phone book
0	phone alphabetized No book
0	Design a little chunky, even though it isnt wide, its pretty thick.
0	Design a pretty chunky, even though it isnt wide, its little thick.
0	Price
0	cost
1	Good graphics, loud enough, game
1	Good, loud enough, game
0	Bigger than the StarTac Digital
0	Bigger than the StarTac Digital
0	No video out, red eye, underpowered flash, no AF assist lamp
0	No video out, red-faced centre, underpowered flash, no AF assist lamp
0	jams at times if paper isn't in straight
0	jams at times clip if paper isn't in straight
1	Top notch quality
1	elevation Top notch quality
1	good clear picture
1	good picture clear
1	Lightweight, nice design, clear display
1	Lightweight, nice design, display
0	BATTERY LIFE, reception
0	BATTERY LIFE, battery reception
1	Fairly inexpensive, good laser-quality print.
1	Fairly inexpensive, goodness good laser-quality print.
0	top loading
0	loading top
0	No Voice Dialing, Cannot play "true" polyphonic ringtones, only 8 tones simultaneously
0	No vocalisation Dialing, Cannot toy "true" polyphonic ringtones, only 8 tones simultaneously
1	Web, reception, durability, battery, address book, calendar, GUI, ringer switch
1	Web, reception, durability,, address book,, GUI, ringer switch
0	Antenna should be sturdier.
0	Antenna should be inflexible.
0	Cingular software.  Small navigation keys.
0	Cingular software.  navigation keys.
0	High price
0	High gamy price
1	Good Price; 3X zoom; Loaded with Features; Very user-friendly
1	Good Price; 3X zoom; fuddled with Features; Very user-friendly
0	Grainy pictures, No Audio, Too much redness
0	Grainy Audio, No pictures, Too much redness
0	A little too hefty for the average hip pocket
0	for little too hefty A the average hip pocket
1	Great zoom, good feature set
1	Great large zoom, good feature set
1	Astounding printouts, low price, high resolution, braindead install
1	Astounding printouts, low price, printout high resolution, braindead install
1	Several Different Modes Available with excellent quality photos and videos
1	Different Modes Available with excellent photos and videos
0	Bluetooth not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	Bluetooth ascertain not as powerful as it could be. Data cable hard to find.
0	No cable included.  Exit tray fails to stop prints from falling off.
0	cable included.  tray fails to stop prints from falling off.
0	takes a few seconds to take the picture
0	consider a few seconds to take the picture
1	Great Design
1	Great design
1	Clear sound, light weight, easy search directory, durable, great speaker phone feature and sturdy buttons.
1	Clear, light, easy search directory,, great speaker phone feature and sturdy buttons.
0	Relatively high cost in some places, Locked to a provider in some places, no data support
0	Relatively high cost in some places, information Locked to a provider in some nobelium places, no data support
1	Color accuracy (EXIF 2.2) and saturation, fast, quiet, separate ink tanks, borderless prints
1	Color accuracy (EXIF 2.deuce) and saturation, fast, quiet, class ink tanks, borderless prints
1	Price, Size, Optic Zoom, Easy Navigation
1	Price, Size, Optic soar Zoom, Easy Navigation
0	no auto focus, LCD display and controls awkward to use
0	no auto rivet, LCD display and controls ungainly to use
0	only fair paper handling
0	only fair handling paper
1	Astounding image quality
1	Astounding quality image
1	Great Options, Video Feature, Small, Easy to Upload, Easy to Upgrade Memory
1	Great Options, Video Feature, Small, Easy to, Easy to Memory
0	SLOW
0	retard
1	ease of using a floppy disk, price, quality of finished product
1	ease of use a floppy saucer, price, quality of finished product
1	Price; has a much better lens than disposable cameras or cheap 35mm cameras.
1	disposable; has a much better lens than Price cameras or cheap 35mm cameras.
1	Tells me when toner is low. Flatbed scanner. Flatbed fax. Fast printing.
1	Tells me when comprise toner is low. Flatbed scanner. Flatbed fax. Fast printing.
0	Zoom feature is minimal
0	Zoom feature is lineament minimal
1	High quality pictures, easy to use, FAST
1	High quality pictures, to easy use, FAST
1	Color screen is nice, menus easy to navigate.
1	colourize Color screen is nice, menus easy to navigate.
0	IT ISN'T FREE :(
0	IT ISN'T loose :(
0	Diopter could use a wider range of adjustment.
0	Diopter could use a wider orbit of adjustment.
0	Quiet ringer, weak vibration, no screensavers, faceplate not replacable
0	Quiet ringer, weak vibration, no screensavers, faceplate not non replacable
1	sturdy
1	hardy sturdy
0	Vibrating ringer, reception, antenna, shape
0	Vibrating configuration ringer, reception, antenna, shape
0	Ink cartridges are not ordinary and must be special ordered. 
0	Ink are cartridges not ordinary and must be special ordered. 
1	ease of use, optical zoom, good quality pictures
1	good of use, optical zoom, ease quality pictures
1	Small, light, easy to use
1	Small, light, gentle to use
1	cheap digital camera.  expensive camera overall however.
1	digital camera.  expensive camera overall however.
0	Technology changes
0	Technology engineering changes
0	Key's are too close together.
0	are too close together.
1	Very simple controls and a wide range of features
1	uncomplicated Very simple controls and a wide range of features
1	Great reception and good battery life
1	reception Great and good battery life
1	easy to use, great quality
1	gentle to use, great quality
1	Easy to use, cheap
1	Easy use, cheap
0	Clarity - no.
0	no - Clarity.
0	See review body.
0	See review consistence.
1	Nice Price! Good photo Quality!
1	Nice Price! Good photo!
0	No two sided attachment
0	No sided attachment
1	no hassle, just works well
1	no precisely hassle, just works well
1	Compact, Indiglo, Evironment Feature
1	Compact, Indiglo, Evironment 
1	USB connectivity, 3x optical zoom, color reproduction
1	USB connectivity, 3x optical zoom, color breeding reproduction
1	nice looking and that is it!
1	gracious looking and that is it!
1	Easy to use. Amazing video clips, with audio.
1	Easy to use. stick video clips, with audio.
1	Easy to use.  Good photos.
1	Easy dear to use.  Good photos.
1	I can personalize my phone as much as I want.
1	I can personalize my sound as much as I deprivation.
0	Bad quality finish. Poor connector to the charger. Drops calls after 15 minutes.
0	Bad quality finish. Poor connector charger. Drops calls after 15 minutes.
1	incredibly easy to use, very light
1	incredibly easy employ to use, very light
1	solid construction, battery life, image quality
1	solid expression, battery life, image quality
1	None
1	None
1	Feature rich, small enough to fit in a pocket; can be used internationally.
1	Feature rich, small enough to fit in a pocket; can feature be used internationally.
0	Features. Internal Memory. Reliability. Download Capabilities.
0	Features. Reliability Memory. Internal. Download Capabilities.
0	I'm afraid to drop it or bump it against anything, small keys
0	I'm afraid to sink it or excrescence it against anything, small keys
0	too wide to use indoors, expensive
0	too to wide use indoors, expensive
0	No USB cable included?  C'mon!
0	No USB wire included?  C'mon!
1	Fast, Cheap, Excellent quality
1	, Cheap, Excellent quality
0	A little hard to maneuver in tight spaces.
0	A little heavy hard to maneuver in tight spaces.
0	MEMORY IS LIMITED.
0	MEMORY IS.
1	Very user friendly, nice size, nice software, easy setup.
1	Very user friendly, nice, nice software, easy setup.
0	No optical zoom
0	optical zoom
1	great images, SLR-type features
1	capital images, SLR-type features
0	Price, Grip, and Overall size and weight
0	Grip, Price, and Overall size and weight
1	Made by Xerox...an American based 
1	stimulate by Xerox...an American based 
0	I don't like the fact that I cannot access the web hardly anywhere.
0	unity don't like the fact that I cannot access the WWW hardly anywhere.
0	Disappointing.  Poor low-light capabilities; sporadic quality of images.
0	Disappointing.  prize Poor low-light capabilities; sporadic quality of images.
0	A little slow
0	A slow
1	Good size and feel, nice features for price, quality images.
1	Good size and, nice features for, quality images.
1	USB, electronic features
1	USB, electronic characteristic
1	Inexpensive, easy to use.  Fast
1	inexpensive, easy to use.  Fast
1	Small, good pictures, default options work well
1	belittled Small, good pictures, default options work well
1	Good incoming voice clarity, lightweight, pretty good size color screen.
1	Good incoming voice clarity, lightweight, pretty good size color vocalization screen.
0	low light is blurry, flash is too much sometimes, not enough MP, 
0	low blurred light is blurry, flash is too much sometimes, not enough MP, 
0	Numbers and text very small, Difficult to see screen in daylight, Smaller buttons
0	Numbers and text very small, Difficult to see screen in daylight, attend Smaller buttons
0	keypad light distracting, small buttons, on/off switch requires heavy hand
0	keypad light, small buttons, on/off switch requires hand
0	Storage
0	repositing
1	Very Tiny, Cheap, Holds 100 Pictures
1	Very Tiny, Holds, Cheap 100 Pictures
0	prints slowly
0	prints lento slowly
0	Battery Life!, Small Small Buttons (big big hands), AOL for phone is impossible to use.
0	Battery life-time!, Small Small Buttons (vauntingly big hands), AOL for phone is unsufferable to use.
0	quit working, poor quality pictures
0	quit working, poor caliber pictures
1	Superb reception, ease of use, extra long battery life.
1	Superb reception, ease of use, extra long life battery.
1	messaging, wow factor, sync with outlook, nokia interface
1	messaging, wow factor, sync with outlook, nokia 
1	Very Affordable and Compact
1	succinct Very Affordable and Compact
1	Size (Small as a pack of cigs), 3.2 mpix, metal body.  
1	Size (Small as a pack of cigs), 3.2 mpix, tercet metal body.  
0	loud and slow
0	and loud slow
1	Great Price, Great Images,Ease of use
1	Great Price, Great Images,Ease of 
1	More than a typical point-and-shoot camera, 5 MegaPixels, many manual controls.
1	More than a typical point-and-shoot camera, 5 MegaPixels, many manual operate controls.
0	No MMS or coloured screen, memory may be lacking for some, monophonic.
0	No MMS or coloured shield, memory whitethorn be lacking for some, monophonic.
0	Power hungry. Sometimes difficult to focus (auto) Lots of red eyes!
0	hungry. difficult to focus (auto) Lots of red eyes!
0	Camera is a battery hog(get rechargeables for it)
0	Camera is a it hog(get rechargeables for battery)
0	Shape wants to slip out of my hands for some reason.
0	Shape for to slip out of my hands wants some reason.
0	Small, will someone make a belt clip that works please?
0	Small, will someone make a belt clip that works delight please?
1	high resolution color prints, fast, easy to set up
1	high resolution color prints, fast, to easy set up
0	Internal Errors
0	Errors
1	Dandy little camera. Great pictures.
1	Dandy little camera. Great niggling pictures.
1	Very compact size with cool graphical interface.
1	Very compact size with graphical interface.
1	Reliable and inexpensive
1	Reliable inexpensive and
0	NONE.
0	NONE.
0	Pricey refills, cartridges dry up too fast
0	Pricey refills, fast dry up too cartridges
0	The Z42 is only slightly more expensive.
0	The Z42 is only slightly more slenderly expensive.
1	hmmm?
1	hmmm?
1	Looks spiffy, clean lines, small, lightweight.
1	Looks spiffy, clean lines,, lightweight.
1	Perfect size, Features, Customizable, Battery, Reception
1	size, Features, Customizable, Battery, Reception
0	a bit bulky
0	a bit angstrom bulky
1	Great screen, small formfactor (almost like RAZR), good menus, fast T9, AIM/Yahoo IM/ICQ, solidly built
1	Great screen, like formfactor (almost fast RAZR), good menus, small T9, AIM/Yahoo IM/ICQ, solidly built
1	Easy to use, price, pic quality
1	prime Easy to use, price, pic quality
0	Didn't find any.
0	find Didn't any.
1	Price, Nice Picture quality, Compact, Lots of settings
1	Price, Nice film quality, Compact, Lots of settings
0	bulky,  storage difficult to access
0	bulky,  difficult to access
1	can pull in a signal where others can't.
1	can rip in a signal where others can't.
0	sometimes inconsistent signal strength
0	sometimes inconsistent signal forcefulness
1	Great printer; great rebate!
1	Great great; printer rebate!
0	Small buttons, small screen, no downloadable ringtone facility.
0	Small buttons, small screen, no downloadable ringtone release facility.
1	Trimode, still competitive with its ahead-of-its time battery life, size & weight
1	Trimode, soundless competitive with its ahead-of-its time battery life, size & burthen
1	Great value
1	Great 
0	batteries run low very quickly.  But that may be because I am using it constantly
0	batteries escape low very quickly.  but that may be because I am using it invariably
1	It's A Professional Printer, You Can Print Photo Quality, It Has So Many Features
1	It's A Professional Printer, You Can Print Photo Quality, It Has So axerophthol Many Features
0	Terrible for outside. Fuzzy pictures. Plastic battery compartment might break.
0	Terrible for outside. Fuzzy pictures. Plastic battery compartment might barrage break.
1	Awesome features/easy to use/fun/versatile/low price/Cust SVS 2nd 2 none!
1	Awesome features/easy to use/fun/versatile/low price/Cust SVS none 2 2nd!
0	Just prints b&amp;w, toners are costly
0	Just prints b&amp;w, toners costly
0	Scanning, Faxing, Cartridges
0	Scanning, Faxing, magazine Cartridges
1	Small, Microdrive capable, sharp pictures
1	capable, Microdrive Small, sharp pictures
1	good-looking, good features
1	good-looking, features good
1	Price and value, compact size, AC adapter
1	Price and, compact size, AC adapter
0	Battery life could be better.  Can't Lock the phone.
0	Battery life could be better.  Can't ringlet the phone.
0	leaks black ink!1
0	black ink!1
0	Battery life, cheap black plastic styling case
0	Battery life, gimcrack cheap black plastic styling case
0	Loud
0	Loud
1	Cheap, Fast
1	cheap, Fast
0	Not Very Many
0	Not Very many Many
1	Convenient, durable, easy to wash
1	Convenient, durable, easy wash to
1	All in one systems, durability, and easy to use
1	All in scheme one systems, durability, and easy to use
1	Good resolution, fast shoot speed, view finder, USB, good panoramic shoot function
1	Good spotter resolution, fast shoot speed, view finder, USB, good panoramic shoot function
0	Output tray is flimsy, does eat ink when doing high quality prints
0	Output tray is flimsy, does quality ink when doing high eat prints
0	Slow writes, slow reads, slow boot-up, slow shut-down...JUST PLAIN SLOW
0	Slow writes, slow reads, slow boot-up, behind shut-down...precisely PLAIN SLOW
1	Works well with Peg Perego strollers, strap to tighten in the baby works well
1	Works well with Peg Perego strollers, strap tighten the baby works well
0	The buttons are hard to push individually; you can dial a wrong number very easily.
0	The buttons are hard to energy individually; you can dial a untimely number very easy.
0	Menu not very user friendly
0	Menu not very exploiter user friendly
0	Sometimes feeds too much paper or jams, so don't leave it unattended.
0	Sometimes feeds too much paper or jams, so don't leave it composition unattended.
1	lightweight, adjustable handle bar, durable fabric   
1	lightweight, adjustable durable bar, handle fabric   
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
1	real sieve music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
0	Scarce, hard to get.
0	Scarce, hard to punishing get.
1	Great photo quality, easy to use, great software, downloads automatically, LCD display on back
1	Great photo quality, easy to use, great software, downloads, display on back
0	LOCKS UP!  NO BATTERY LIFE!  Metallic sounding voices.
0	LOCKS UP!  NO astir BATTERY LIFE!  Metallic sounding voices.
0	Probably not for photos; loud.
0	Probably not loud photos; for.
0	Pricey, power hungry
0	pricy Pricey, power hungry
0	Intenna breaks easily,  not many ring tones
0	Intenna many easily,  not breaks ring tones
1	Price and Quality
1	and Quality
0	low battery life
0	low battery life-time
1	Lexmark X73 is a multi-function printer/scanner/color copier/fax machine
1	Lexmark X73 is a multi-function/scanner/ copier/fax machine
0	Too big. Ear phone detaches too easily. The battery detaches too easily
0	Too big. Ear phone well detaches too easily. The battery detaches too easily
1	quik digital pictures
1	quik digital photo
0	Still high in price for the average buyer, like me.  
0	inactive high in price for the fair buyer, like me.  
1	Crisp dark black text, excellent photo output, very speedy, very small
1	Crisp blue mordant text, excellent photo output, very speedy, very small
0	Software could have more features.  No AC Power Cord.
0	could have more features.  No AC Power Cord.
1	print quality
1	quality
0	Does it take a master's degree in computer science to get this thing to work?
0	Does it take a master's in computer science get this thing to?
1	Great speakerphone, wonderful voice recognition.
1	Great speakerphone, voice wonderful recognition.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy tardily to use
0	Can't find any yet! Oh maybe, it requires you always carry a spare battery.
0	find any yet! Oh maybe, it requires you always a spare battery.
1	Hmm well does not break when falls
1	Hmm does not break when falls
0	Battery life, phone book not alphabetized, no clock.
0	Battery animation, phone book not alphabetized, no clock.
0	Has a hard time focusing in low light
0	Has a hard time focusing light low in
1	Nice size and very compact.
1	Nice and very compact.
1	Very compact, good pictures, good exposure under most circumstances
1	Very compact, good pictures, commodity good exposure under most circumstances
0	none noted
0	noted none
0	none yet
0	yet none
1	Extra small size, different colors to choose
1	Extra small size, different colors to 
0	Some minor usability issues, "shelf life" of only a year.
0	Some fry usability progeny, "shelf life" of only a year.
0	Hate that shutter lag!
0	hate that shutter lag!
0	Only f8 is available at 1/1000 sec
0	Only f8 is available At at 1/1000 sec
0	No joy stick (unlike the Sony Ericsson T60)
0	No joy stick (unlike Ericsson Sony the T60)
1	great device
1	device great
1	easy to use
1	easy use to
1	Light weight; fits in palm the palm of your hand; colorful cases; white screen
1	Light weight; fits in ribbon the medallion of your hand; colorful cases; white screen
0	$599 MSRP.
0	$MSRP.
0	cost. 32mb memory stick is a joke.
0	cost. 32mb memory cohere is a joke.
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	Garbled, Level Audio Varying, Soft Vibrate
1	Now people can get me, not just my pager!
1	Now people can drive me, not just my pager!
1	Lightweight (considering the product).  Easy to fold.  
1	Lightweight (considering the product).  Easy to crease.  
1	Features, durability, size/weight ratio
1	Features, sizing durability, size/weight ratio
0	Battery meter; some slow inputs
0	slow meter; some Battery inputs
0	Software.  Cheap build quality.
0	.  Cheap build quality.
0	small keypad
0	modest keypad
0	No shutter speed or aperture control.
0	No shutter swiftness or aperture control.
1	cheap, easy to use
1	easy, cheap to use
1	Many features, battery life, not too big, lots of add-ons, stylish, syncing to PC
1	Many features, battery life, not too PC, lots of add-ons, stylish, syncing to big
1	great photos, good price
1	photos great, good price
1	Inexpensive, very easy to use.
1	Inexpensive, very consumption easy to use.
1	Easy to use, quality photos, screen moves.
1	Easy to use, quality photos, screen affect.
1	Small, extremely portable, stylish, lots of features
1	Small, extremely portable, stylish, mint of features
1	Great reception, better camera, good looks, Bluetooth
1	Great reception, camera, good looks, Bluetooth
1	Night Shots, Easy to use, High Quality
1	Night Quality, Easy to use, High Shots
0	Slow, Expensive development
0	Slow, development Expensive
1	Light weight, nice belt clip, clear display, excellent battery.
1	Light weight, nice display clip, clear belt, excellent battery.
0	Hard to use rocker switch.  Badly designed lens cap.
0	Hard use rocker switch.  Badly designed lens cap.
0	eats batteries!
0	eats shelling batteries!
0	On the large side of current phones.
0	On the on large side of current phones.
1	Great quality even on regular paper, Super-quiet, cheap, good compatibility
1	Great quality even on regular paper, Super-quiet, cheap, gimcrack good compatibility
1	Beautiful color quality
1	color quality
1	Quiet. Crisp output.
1	crinkle Quiet. Crisp output.
0	Navigation can take some getting used to, no direct buttons for volume control
0	Navigation some take can getting used to, no direct buttons for volume control
0	Cheap memory card slot cover/eject button.  Not so great outdoor shots.  LCD is a bit weak on brightness when using indoors at night with normal lighting.  
0	Cheap memory so slot cover/using button.  Not card great outdoor shots.  LCD is a bit weak indoors brightness when eject on at night with normal lighting.  
1	Lots of Features, Cheap
1	Lots of Cheap, Features
0	It's very lightweight and it might be easy to damage it.
0	It's very lightweight it be easy to damage it.
0	Slow, cartridges $35+
0	Slow, xxxv cartridges $35+
0	chipped cartridges
0	cartridges
1	Print Quality
1	calibre Print Quality
1	Nice small and inexpensive, the plans for this phone are also inexpensive.
1	Nice small and inexpensive, the plans for this phone also.
1	Price
1	Price
0	none yet
0	none however yet
0	Eats ink, clogs constantly, paper feed jams, expensive, proprietary ink cartridges.
0	Eats ink, clogs, paper feed, expensive, proprietary ink cartridges.
1	Fit, Quality, Ease, LCD, Lens, Battery, Controls, Menu And Sony Reputation For Quality. 
1	Fit, Quality, Ease, LCD, Lens, Battery, controller, Menu And Sony Reputation For caliber. 
0	had some problems x 3
0	had some problems x 
1	Lightweight, compact digital camera, very easy to use.  
1	Lightweight, compact digital camera, very easy to employ.  
0	When using infant carrier, older child cannot sit; somewhat heavy; manuvering in stores takes practice!
0	When using infant carrier, slightly older child cannot sit; somewhat heavy; manuvering in stores elderly takes practice!
0	not as high of mp as I would not like
0	not as of as I would not like
0	Battery takes along time to charge, difficult to open with one hand
0	Battery to along time takes charge, difficult to open with one hand
0	battery hog, supplied card not big enough
0	battery, supplied card not big enough
1	Really great colors and crisp pictures.
1	great colors and crisp pictures.
1	Doesn't cost much and gets the job done again and again
1	Doesn't cost much and gets the job done again be and again
0	Flimsy lens cover
0	lens cover
1	PRICE, STORAGE, Internet, Call List
1	PRICE, memory, Internet, Call List
1	Bluetooth, good phone performance.
1	Bluetooth, phone performance.
0	Unavailability of service in areas
0	Unavailability of region service in areas
0	Volume sometimes not loud enough, can't rename profiles, non-intuitive speakerphone.
0	Volume sometimes not loud enough, profiles rename can't, non-intuitive speakerphone.
0	LCD Scratches Easily, sub-standard picture quality, battery life
0	LCD Scratches Easily, sub-standard picture quality, life
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Excellant Detail, Easy to use and hook up
1	Excellant Detail, Easy to use and up
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Large screen, voice dialing, Bluetooth compatible, Camera and Video ability.
1	turgid screen, part dialing, Bluetooth compatible, Camera and Video ability.
0	A little noisy, Medium price, 
0	A little noisy, intermediate price, 
1	Superb picture quality, ease of operation
1	Superb picture quality, ease of 
1	Easy to use, customizable settings, great photos.
1	Easy to use, customizable settings, peachy photos.
1	small, light, tough, inexpensive, viewfinder
1	, light, tough, inexpensive, viewfinder
1	Quality, Style, Features and ease of Use
1	Quality, Features, Style and ease of Use
0	GSM only, so limited coverage in the middle of nowhere (currently).  Bluetooth accessories are pricey.
0	GSM merely only, so limited coverage in the middle of nowhere (currently).  Bluetooth presently accessories are pricey.
0	no optical zoom, mjpeg movies useless, batteries go fast unless you get NiMH
0	no optical zoom, mjpeg unless useless, batteries go fast movies you get NiMH
0	somewhat small, odd shape to handle
0	somewhat, odd shape to handle
1	Fast and Hassle Free Printing
1	Fast harass and Hassle Free Printing
1	Battery life, speakerphone, camera lens cover, and the ease to customize the phone
1	Battery life, speakerphone, lens cover, and the ease customize the phone
1	hiqh quality, intuitive, and durable
1	and quality, intuitive, hiqh durable
0	shutter lag, drains alkaline batteries quickly, no neck strap included
0	shutter lag, drains alkaline neck quickly, no batteries strap included
1	great price, high quality prints, great outputs on all kinds of paper, etc etc etc.
1	great price, all quality prints, on outputs great high kinds of paper, etc etc etc.
0	envelop slot and 4x6 photo slot jams, outrageous prices on ink.
0	envelop slot and 4x6 photo slot fix, unconscionable prices on ink.
1	Fast, inexpensive, easy to use!
1	Fast, inexpensive, easy enjoyment to use!
0	none.
0	none.
0	Vibrating ring requires special battery
0	ring Vibrating requires special battery
0	Zoom could be better
0	better could be Zoom
0	Belt Clip is bulky and needs to be wore in.
0	be Clip is bulky and needs to Belt wore in.
0	paper jams
0	report paper jams
1	easy to use, colorful photos
1	photos to use, colorful easy
0	Ink expensive
0	ink expensive
1	Need i say more
1	Need i say 
0	not the most modern looking phone, no color screen, average battery life
0	not the most modern attend phone, no colorize screen, average battery life
1	IR port, looks cool, analog clock on face plate
1	looks port, IR cool, analog clock on face plate
0	No true zoom feature, less options for more advanced users
0	No zoom feature, less options for more users
1	Size, Picture Quality, Price
1	Picture, Size Quality, Price
1	Almost all the features of a SLR in a fairly small package
1	fairly all the features of a SLR in a Almost small package
0	Eats batteries like they all do. More zoom would be a plus
0	Eats batteries like they all do. zoom would a plus
0	On/off button, speaker phone mic works poorly
0	On/off button, speaker phone mic forge poorly
0	no USB
0	USB no
1	Looks Good and large choice of option
1	of Good and large choice Looks option
0	frequent battery recharging, doesn't have zoom
0	frequent battery recharging, doesn't have reload zoom
0	Text and black artwork not as dark as a laser printer
0	Text and blackamoor artwork not as non-white as a laser printer
0	Disconnects many times
0	Disconnects many clip
0	cheap plastics do not contribute to solid feel, lack of optical zoom
0	sleazy plastics do not bestow to solid feel, lack of optical zoom
0	Exif viewer and launcher are cumbersome, you will be frustrated trying to d/l w/USB port
0	try Exif personify viewer and launcher are cumbersome, you will be frustrated trying to d/l w/USB port
1	well made, light, smooth, stylish, one of so few strollers to hold any resale value
1	well made, light, smooth, stylish, one so few strollers to resale value
1	Excellent value & only weighs 6 ozs.
1	value & only weighs 6 ozs.
1	Easy to use
1	soft to use
1	Compact, stylish, easy to use, 4 megapixels, great optics and more...
1	Compact, stylish, easy utilisation to use, 4 megapixels, great optics and more...
0	Not Windows XP friendly, very expensive, very difficult to use
0	Windows XP friendly, very expensive, very difficult to 
0	Horrible sound quality, terrible speaker phone, really long power cycle times, pull out antenna
0	Horrible sound calibre, tremendous speaker phone, really long power cycle times, pull out antenna
1	Elegant design, world phone, solid body feel.
1	Elegant design, feel phone, solid body world.
0	no notepad program; predictive text is confusing
0	no notepad program; predictive text is curriculum confusing
0	haven't found one yet
0	haven't institute one yet
0	battery life could be longer
0	Be battery life could be longer
1	Lightweight, long zoom AND macro!, manual and automatic settings, GREAT flash, much more!
1	Lightweight, long zoom AND macro!, manual and automatic flash, GREAT settings, much more!
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Quality print, relatively fast, duplex included, GREAT photos!
1	Quality fast, relatively print, duplex included, GREAT photos!
0	dosen't have a speaker phone function, paint scratches easily, no camera, cheasy backgrounds
0	dosen't have a speaker phone function, paint scratches easily, camera, backgrounds
0	short grip necessitates optional battery pack and extended grip for big hands. Exposed LCD.
0	short grip necessitates optional battery hands and extended grip for big pack. Exposed LCD.
1	Inexpensive, No Paper-Jams, Compact, Easy to Use
1	Inexpensive, No Paper-Jams, Compact, function Easy to Use
1	Easy to use great quality pictures and inexpensive compared to others out there
1	Easy to use great quality there and inexpensive compared to others out pictures
1	Long term reliable for paper feed and print quality.
1	Long term reliable for composition feed and print quality.
0	Flash
0	newsflash Flash
1	Uses a disk, no printer cable needed
1	role a disk, no printer cable needed
1	lightweight, color display, clarity, voice dialing
1	, color display, clarity, voice dialing
0	older, size
0	size, older
1	Small size, Light weight, Long-life Battery 
1	size Small, Light weight, Long-life Battery 
0	No web browser, smallish keypad.
0	No web browser, keypad.
1	quality, speed
1	prize, speed
0	Menus might be somewhat confusing
0	Menus might be somewhat befuddle
1	Small and compact, the proof is in the pictures
1	Small validation and compact, the proof is in the pictures
1	Super easy to use, wonderful quality images, plenty of features, great price.
1	Super easy to of, wonderful quality images, plenty use features, great price.
1	solid built, good phonebook, sleek, nice reception, scheduler.
1	solid built, good phonebook, flowing, nice reception, scheduler.
0	a bit slow for text but its not really meant for that. Costly ink cartridges
0	textbook a bit slow for text but its not really meant for that. dull Costly ink cartridges
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
0	Little bulky but easily fits pocket....other than nothing else
1	Inexpensive, often rebate bonuses, excellent print resolution
1	Inexpensive, rebate bonuses, excellent print resolution
1	Nice and small
1	Nice small and
0	Doesn't come w/rechargeable battery/AC power, 8Mb memory card isn't sufficient.
0	Doesn't come w/rechargeable battery/actinium power, 8Mb memory bill isn't sufficient.
1	Efficient, Reliable, Attractive
1	Efficient, Reliable, 
1	address book,
1	plow book,
1	Sturdy Housing, Very Versatile, Uses SmartMedia cards, Great Value!
1	sturdy Housing, Very Versatile, Uses SmartMedia cards, Great Value!
1	cheap
1	crummy
1	Palm / Phone, Speakerphone, Lots of software available
1	software / Phone, Speakerphone, Lots of Palm available
1	Prints fast, feeds one paper at a time
1	Prints fast, feeds one paper a at time
1	Print job and Ink level monitor
1	mark Print job and Ink level monitor
0	extremely poor images
0	poor extremely images
1	Easy to use, takes great pics for the average user, docking station is great.
1	Easy to use, takes great pics docking the average user, for station is great.
0	Can only record video for 20 seconds at a time.
0	Can only record for 20 seconds a time.
0	No alphabetical sorted phone list.  Battery Life seems much less than Startac 7768.
0	No alphabetical phone list.  Battery Life seems much less than Startac.
0	Battery Life &amp;amp; Information Display Accuracy
0	Life Battery &amp;amp; Information Display Accuracy
0	easily damaged if dropped, expensive to repair, warranty void if damaged
0	easily damaged if dropped, expensive damage to repair, warranty void if damaged
0	everything else
0	everything 
0	Prints only 4x6 photos or smaller
0	print only 4x6 photos or smaller
1	Attractive Cosmetic Look
1	Attractive Look
0	rear brakes
0	brakes rear
1	Long standby and talk time. Bluetooth capable.
1	foresightful standby and talk time. Bluetooth capable.
1	Small size, stainless steel casing, usb computer connection, looks.
1	Small size, stainless steel casing, usb computer connection, spirit.
0	That little on/off switch sucks
0	on little That/off switch sucks
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
1	Single charger and both phone for bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
0	bad customer service, bad design
0	client bad customer service, bad design
1	Feature rich
1	productive Feature rich
0	Ink costs a lot
0	Ink costs lot
0	Expensive cartridges; electrical limitations
0	Expensive pickup; electrical limitations
1	Great quality, expandable memory, lots of accessories.
1	Great, expandable memory, lots of accessories.
0	slow download time
0	slow download 
1	Changeable faceplates, good battery life, large display, inexpensive
1	Changeable faceplates, good iridescent battery life, large display, inexpensive
0	Not the best for shooting shots back to back. Comes with little memory and no case..
0	Not the best for shooting shots back to back. Comes with little memory and arrive no cover case..
1	quality of build,solid,weighty,positive action of controls
1	confident quality of build,solid,weighty,positive action of controls
0	If you are impatient, you won't like this unit.
0	raring If you are impatient, you won't like this unit.
1	Small, Stylish and easy to use
1	Small, fashionable and easy to use
0	Un-ergonomic, fragile, battery weak
0	Un-ergonomic, fragile, weak battery
0	Falls apart
0	apart
1	snapshots, instant preview/review
1	snapshots, instant preview/reappraisal
1	Value, manual control, construction quality, panorama mode and software, image quality
1	control, manual Value, construction quality, panorama mode and software, image quality
1	Folds up, loud ringer &amp; it vibrates.
1	Folds up, IT loud ringer &amp; it vibrates.
0	high price
0	heights price
1	very easy to use
1	to easy very use
1	I got it free with a rebate from Cingular.
1	I got a free with it rebate from Cingular.
1	Great quality of print
1	of quality Great print
1	Its small and compact
1	Its small compact and
1	Everything is in the box, 20Mb memory card, quick start up time, USB support
1	Everything is in the box, 20Mb memory card, quick up start time, USB support
1	Great price 39.98 after rebate at best buy. 
1	Great price 39.98 expectant after rebate at best buy. 
0	some deadspots in suburbs, no way to turn off 'answer on flip open'
0	some deadspots in suburbs, no way to turn off 'resolve on somerset open'
0	Picture quality
0	quality Picture
0	Complexity, the manual, no type 2 memory slot and included software
0	Complexity, the manual, type 2 memory slot and included 
0	terrible quality
0	terrible 
0	nothing major
0	null major
1	Very good photo quality, lots of manual/creative control,  inexpensive , 
1	Very beneficial photo quality, mess of manual/creative control,  inexpensive , 
0	Looks kinda weird, but is still cool.
0	attend kinda weird, but is still cool.
0	have not found one yet
0	have one found not yet
1	Good Idea
1	just Good Idea
1	Great Print Quality
1	Great Print 
0	found none yet
0	base none yet
1	Rubberised Coating, Extended Battery life compared to TX210
1	Rubberised Coating, Extended Battery lifespan life compared to TX210
0	You can't always hear the phone ringing, and to purchase the vibrating battery it's $100.00.
0	the can't You hear always phone ringing, and to purchase the vibrating battery it's $100.00.
1	Res. Auto Focus. SLR.
1	Res. Auto. SLR.
0	none so far
0	so none far
1	Easy to use, sharp photos and good color rendering
1	salutary Easy to use, sharp photos and good color rendering
0	No calendar/PIM, Lack of shortcuts
0	PIM calendar/No, Lack of shortcuts
1	Optical Zoom, great pictures, great price
1	Optical Zoom, great pictures, great 
1	Wonderful print and color quality.  Sometimes prints fast...see cons list
1	Wonderful and color quality.  Sometimes prints fast...see list
1	Great design
1	cracking design
0	Slow on a parallel port
0	Slow on a parallel larboard
0	slow cycle time, cost (accessories), night shots
0	accessories cycle time, cost (slow), night shots
0	Mediocre graphics quality, a bit noisy
0	Mediocre a quality, graphics bit noisy
1	walkie talkie service
1	avail walkie talkie service
1	Excellent color mode.
1	Excellent mode.
0	none
0	none
0	battery life, no address book synching
0	battery address, no life book synching
0	Requires many floppy discs to take lots of pictures
0	Requires many floppy discs to take much of pictures
1	Quality, price, add-on accessories, LOTS of features, size, great macro, SCENE mode, etc.
1	Quality, price, add-on accessories, size of features, LOTS, great macro, SCENE mode, etc.
0	Not true photo quality
0	Not photo quality
0	Sometimes signal could be better
0	Sometimes signal be better
0	Some minor flaws, but nothing major
0	approximately minor flaws, but nothing major
0	small memory card
0	memory small card
1	Nice lines, color screen, camera attachment, cool ringers, infrared port
1	Nice aplomb lines, color screen, camera attachment, cool ringers, infrared port
1	great fast color inkjet, network capabilities
1	great fast color inkjet, capabilities
0	none!
0	none!
1	Great quality, Good drivers, looks kinda cool, USB *or* parallel connection, Mac compatibility, Bigass ink cartridges last a long time, HP reliability, very very good deal.
1	Great, drivers, looks kinda cool, USB *or* parallel connection, Mac, ink cartridges last long time, HP reliability, very very good deal.
1	Great print quality, laser-like speeds, low cost printer consumables.
1	enceinte print quality, laser-like speeds, low cost printer consumables.
0	Battery Hog
0	barrage Hog
1	Too many features to list, lightweight, good battery time and very reliable service
1	also many features to list, lightweight, undecomposed battery time and very reliable service
0	drains batteries in a hurry, no AC adapter available to purchase separately
0	drains batteries in a hurry, no AC adapter available Ac to purchase separately
0	Nothing so far.
0	Nothing so.
0	A little noisy.
0	A axerophthol little noisy.
0	JUNK, Pricey Cartridges, Exit Tray too short (paper tends to land on floor).
0	JUNK, Pricey Cartridges, Exit Tray short (paper tends land on floor).
0	None yet
0	None hitherto yet
1	Small, inexpensive, easy
1	low, inexpensive, easy
1	great photo quality, fast download via USB
1	smashing photo quality, fast download via USB
1	Just about everything except GSM service: price, call quality, battery life, etc.
1	Just about everything except GSM service: price, call, battery, etc.
1	ease, convienence
1	ease, simpleness convienence
1	High quality pictures, easy to use
1	High pictures quality, easy to use
1	Design, Features, Call Quality, Signal Strength, Camera, Ringer Volume, Web
1	Design, design Features, Call Quality, Signal Strength, Camera, Ringer Volume, Web
0	Poor hand grip. Restrictive pricing.
0	hand grip. Restrictive pricing.
0	Slow, Bad Defaults
0	Slow, irksome Bad Defaults
1	very easy to use and everything came in one kit 
1	very easy kit use and everything came in one to 
0	Uses batteries very quickly, no manual focus, no zoom, delay after snapping.
0	Uses batteries very quickly, no manual focus, no apace zoom, delay after snapping.
0	Very long wait for technical support (Sprint).
0	Very long wait for dash technical support (Sprint).
1	rotating LCD, lens attachments, durable, it's a SONY
1	rotating LCD, lens attachments, long-wearing, it's a SONY
1	Affordable, good quality
1	quality, good Affordable
1	quality, fast b/w, ink lasts long
1	quality, fast b/w, ink long lasts
1	Looks cool, nice display (when it's working), fairly easy to use
1	Looks cool, nice display (when it's exercise working), fairly easy to use
0	Odd durability issues over time, Camera is poor quality, Navigation is slow
0	Odd over time, Camera is poor quality, Navigation is slow
0	Pricey.  (I found a bargain online).
0	I.  (Pricey found a bargain online).
1	Used to be a fine scanner
1	victimized to be a fine scanner
0	Complex.  Could be simplified.&#13;&#10;Would have paid more for some amenities.
0	Complex.  be simplified.&#13;&#;Would have paid more for some amenities.
0	No internet, No Bluetooth, Heats up in 20-25 minutes.
0	No internet, No Bluetooth, Heats up in 20-25 net minutes.
0	speaker phone is trash, weak signal, battery life horrible, and software very buggy
0	speaker phone is trash, weak signal, battery sprightliness horrible, and software very daft
0	Slow transfer speed; must have a flash indoors
0	Slow transfer flash; must have a speed indoors
1	user friendly, many uses, cost
1	user cost, many uses, friendly
1	great picture quality, easy to use, inexpensive, many functions
1	great quality, easy to use, inexpensive, many functions
0	BATTERY..... need I say more?
0	BATTERY..... need I state more?
0	None
0	none
0	Phone is constructed very poorly.
0	Phone is constructed represent very poorly.
0	Sound quality is terrible; volume is too loud even at lowest setting.
0	Sound quality is terrible; volume is too loud still even at lowest setting.
1	great item
1	item
0	The paperfeed is slightly small and tight.
0	The slightly is paperfeed small and tight.
1	Base in car makes for easy car seat insert and removal
1	Base in car makes for induce easy car seat insert and removal
1	Nice graphics
1	graphics
0	Low light pictures
0	Low luminance pictures
1	Very good scanner, printer and card reader
1	real Very good scanner, printer and card reader
1	Great zoom lens
1	smashing zoom lens
0	Haven't found any yet
0	Haven't found yet
0	Awkward menus, bad holster, low quality for Motorola.
0	holster menus, bad Awkward, low quality for Motorola.
0	None as of yet
0	yet as of None
1	Great pictures, easy to use, macro and zoom
1	Great pictures, easy to use, macro and 
1	small, good  quality, cheap
1	small, good  quality, caliber cheap
1	A communication champ!
1	A chomp communication champ!
1	None!
1	none None!
1	clarity, quality, great battery life (re-chargeable), swivel LCD screen
1	clarity, quality, great battery (re-chargeable), swivel LCD screen
1	easy to use, full of features, color screen, inexpensive, camera
1	easy to use, fully of features, discolor screen, inexpensive, camera
1	Outstanding Pictures, easy to use.
1	flick Outstanding Pictures, easy to use.
0	Bad scanning capability
0	unsound scanning capability
1	Auto dual sided feature, quiet, neat design.
1	Auto dual sided feature, quiet, side neat design.
0	Built-in games 2 tempting 4 recovering game-aholics!
0	Built-in games 2 charm 4 recovering game-aholics!
1	built in camera, external color display, cool factor.
1	in camera, external color display, cool factor.
0	The basics: reception, battery, and the ability to work
0	The to: reception, battery, and the ability basics work
0	Not constant picture quality
0	Not render constant picture quality
1	Solid; good sound quality; fairly easy to use; good battery life; flip design
1	Solid; good sound quality; fairly easy to use; good life battery; flip design
1	Price
1	price
1	Easy to use, solid build.
1	to Easy use, solid build.
1	Great color; resolution; quiet performance; speed; duplexing; HP quality
1	Great color; resolution; quiet performance; quality; duplexing; HP speed
1	Price, ease of use
1	Price, ease of manipulation
1	Integrated Palm and Tri-band CDMA phone
1	Integrated earphone Palm and Tri-band CDMA phone
1	Inexpensive; multi-function.
1	cheap; multi-function.
0	The T28 World as well as the T28Z both lag and have many glitches.
0	The T28 World as well as T28Z lag and have many glitches.
0	none 
0	none 
0	image size and quality
0	size image and quality
1	Call quality, Signal strength, outlook sync
1	birdcall quality, Signal strength, outlook sync
1	Good Picture Quality, Simple and Easy to Use, Tough and Priced Right.
1	Good Picture Quality, Simple and Easy to Use, Tough uncomplicated and Priced Right.
1	Easy graphic interface, comes with a vibrating battery, loud voice volume
1	interface, comes with a vibrating battery, loud voice volume
0	Expensive ink cartridges with limited availability
0	Expensive ink with limited availability
1	It was part of a package deal
1	It part of a package deal
0	cost
0	cost
0	Not enough room to type them all here, please read the epinion
0	enough room type them all here, please read the epinion
1	Compact, point &amp; shoot easy, 3x optical zoom lens, USB, great photos.
1	Compact, point &amp; smashing shoot easy, 3x optical zoom lens, USB, great photos.
1	Cost, resolution
1	closure Cost, resolution
1	The stroller is light but very well made.  It is very easy to use.  
1	The stroller is light but really very well made.  It is very easy to use.  
1	Easy set up and use.
1	Easy located up and use.
1	Stylish, Small, Comfortable, Professional.
1	Professional, Small, Comfortable, Stylish.
1	Speed!!!. Durabrite Inks. Separate ink tanks.
1	Inks!!!. Durabrite Speed. Separate ink tanks.
0	Impossible to see screen outdoors.  Signal strength indicator horribly inaccurate.
0	Impossible to discover screen outdoors.  Signal forte indicator horribly inaccurate.
1	Very durable. Clearly lit screen and lots of features.
1	Very durable. Clearly and screen lit lots of features.
1	clear photos
1	photos clear
1	Very fast printing
1	Very fasting printing
1	HP always makes good products, and this is their best ink jet printer
1	HP always makes good products, fountain and this is their best ink jet printer
0	Battery life,phone shuts off at random, drops calls consistently, customer service is terrible!
0	Battery life,phone shuts off at random, bombardment drops calls consistently, customer service is terrible!
1	Available features for the price. Ease of use. Incredible close-up shots.
1	Available features of the price. Ease for use. Incredible close-up shots.
1	great for kids and small printer jobs
1	slap-up for kids and small printer jobs
1	Comes with scanner, copier, fax and printer
1	amount with scanner, copier, fax and printer
0	95 minute talk time, lack of software for color screen
0	95 minute talk time, of software color screen
1	Lots of features for a lot less money these days.  Lightweight.  Sturdy.  Long battery life.
1	caboodle of features for a lot less money these daytime.  whippersnapper.  Sturdy.  Long battery life.
0	Are there any?
0	represent there any?
0	Problems with installing software. 
0	Problems with installation software. 
1	takes good pictures
1	necessitate good pictures
0	uses ink too quickly, ink is expensive
0	uses ink too quickly, is expensive
1	Microdrive is great, large number of pixels, and normal feel to the camera
1	Microdrive is bully, large number of pixels, and normal flavour to the camera
0	Paper Handling could be better.
0	Paper salutary Handling could be better.
1	Voice Clarity, Features, Price
1	Voice Clarity, Features, price Price
1	Excellent pictures in Auto almost every time.
1	Excellent pictures most in Auto almost every time.
1	Metalized-futuristic styling, diminute size, dual screen, flip-open type, good screen
1	Metalized-futuristic styling, diminute type, dual screen, flip-open size, good screen
0	Battery life SUCKS!!!!
0	SUCKS life Battery!!!!
1	You get to go to the nextel store every four months to get it fix.
1	You produce to plump to the nextel depot every four months to get it fix.
1	To many to list (see review)
1	To many to list (witness review)
0	Battery hog, no 'regular' ring, pricey
0	Battery hog, no 'ring regular', pricey
0	Reviewing photos is cumbersome.  No USB connection.
0	Reviewing photograph is cumbersome.  No USB connection.
1	easy to use
1	easily easy to use
1	PDA and phone integration, color screen
1	PDA and phone integration, color filmdom
0	Red Eye, 4 MB card, and battery drainage.
0	Red drainage, 4 MB card, and battery Eye.
1	Uses Cheap floppies for image storage, LCD Displays
1	Uses Cheap for image storage, LCD Displays
0	A little heavy,lens cap in the way all the time
0	A little heavy,lens cap in the capital way all the time
1	good quality printing
1	good character printing
0	slow shooting between flash shots; picky smartmedia card
0	slow shooting between flash guess; picky smartmedia card
1	Compact, but not teeny. easy-to-read display.
1	Compact, but not teeny. bundle easy-to-read display.
1	camera... only $30 w/ Sprint's special offer
1	camera... only $Sprint's w/ 30 special offer
1	Small Size
1	Size
1	Low cost, high quality and FAST!
1	Low cost, quality and FAST!
0	Reception/Signal Strength, poor sound quality, lame address book software
0	Reception/Signal Strength, poor sound quality, lame address 
0	Horrible manufacturing defects that prevent phone usage after about 6 months.
0	Horrible manufacturing flaw that prevent phone usage after about sixer months.
0	thick paper tends to have to be hand fed
0	tends paper thick to have to be hand fed
1	Wonderful Printer
1	fantastic Printer
0	none
0	none
1	Great for close up
1	Great for penny-pinching up
1	Takes a lickin' and keeps on tickin'
1	Takes a lickin' and keeps hold on tickin'
1	Size, Features, Durable, Speakerphone, Java enabled, Mixed Vibrate/Ring Mode
1	Size, Ring, Durable, Speakerphone, Java enabled, Mixed Vibrate/Features Mode
1	Floppy disk storage
1	Floppy disk 
1	Professional Appearance; Trimode CDMA; Web Access; Voice-activated Dialing; PIM
1	Professional Appearance; Trimode CDMA; entanglement Access; Voice-activated Dialing; PIM
1	BIG screen, a plethora of features, great reception, camera
1	BIG screen, a plethora of have features, great reception, camera
0	Really should have the vertical grip for large hands but worth the double battery life and portrait controls at twice the price!
0	Really should have the vertical traction grip for large hands but worth the double battery life and portrait controls at twice the bombardment price!
1	Very Nice Printer, Exceptional Speed
1	Nice Very Printer, Exceptional Speed
0	Weak Flash, 2x zoom.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Picture quality below nikon 950&amp;#13;&amp;#10;expensive and weak rechargeable battery
0	Weak Flash, 2x zoom.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Picture shelling quality below nikon 950&amp;#13;&amp;#10;delineation expensive and weak rechargeable battery
1	Great battery life
1	Great battery 
1	new technology, CD-R storage, 2.1 megapixels
1	new technology, storage CD-R, 2.1 megapixels
1	Extremely small and light
1	and small Extremely light
0	Low battery life, quality of pictures, design
0	modest battery life, quality of pictures, design
0	Does not have FM Radio
0	Does FM have not Radio
0	Some limited features
0	Some restrict features
1	Still looking for some.
1	looking Still for some.
1	Fast- Good quality- Relaible-
1	Fast- dependable quality- Relaible-
1	Camera, internal memory, easy to use, good replacement for my PDA
1	Camera, internal, easy to use, good replacement for PDA
0	INFORMATION IN THE INSTRUCTION MANUAL CAN BE LIMITED.
0	INFORMATION in THE INSTRUCTION MANUAL CAN BE LIMITED.
1	Clear large screen
1	Clear blind large screen
1	Price
1	toll
0	Long range zoom photos are not as clear.
0	Long range photos are not as clear.
1	great quality, fast print speed
1	great caliber, fast print speed
0	Price
0	toll Price
0	Micro drives and batteries need work.  Requires Nikon DX model flash for consistency.
0	drives and batteries need work.  Requires Nikon DX flash for consistency.
0	Maybe just a little bit thick, and because it's new -- it's still expensive
0	Maybe and a little bit thick, just because it's new -- it's still expensive
1	Small, light and easy progamming
1	easy, light and Small progamming
1	Immediate pictures
1	pictures Immediate
1	Great Color &amp;amp; Printing
1	Color &amp;amp; Printing
0	8mb card is way to small, price is high, 
0	8mb card is way to small, price is high-pitched, 
0	Cumbersome to use at times.
0	Cumbersome to use clock at times.
0	Antenna is on the weak side
0	Antenna is on the aerial weak side
1	Looks nice, fun lights, changeable face plates
1	Looks nice, fun spark, changeable face plates
0	Poor people pictures
0	Poor pictures
0	difficult configuration
0	difficult 
1	Great Pictures, Fixed Focal Length, Long Battery Life, Easy to Use
1	ready Great Pictures, Fixed Focal Length, Long Battery Life, Easy to Use
1	Super tiny size, easy to use, great photos.
1	Super tiny great, easy to use, size photos.
0	Not cheap to replace if you lose it.
0	Not brassy to replace if you lose it.
0	is a oven
0	is a 
0	low battery,cheap quality,bad reception, too small
0	low battery,reception quality,bad cheap, too small
1	Without all the problems, it's pretty easy to use
1	Without all the problems, it's jolly easy to use
0	Expensive...
0	expensive Expensive...
0	Parallel port support questionable, pricey
0	Parallel port backing questionable, pricey
0	Pricey; lack of programmability on printer panel, i.e. duplexing must be done through the driver
0	Pricey; lack of programmability printer panel, i.e. duplexing be done through the 
1	color screen, reliability
1	distort screen, reliability
0	Spotty reception, poor bluetooth
0	Spotty reception, pathetic bluetooth
1	Price, photo quality, ease of use.
1	Price, photo relief quality, ease of use.
1	Phone has been dropped several times and it still works (in a leather case).
1	telephone has been dropped several times and it still works (in a leather pillowcase).
1	Good customer service
1	service customer Good
1	high quality, saves pictures onto CDs, long-lasting battery, video clips
1	high quality, saves pictures onto CDs, long-lasting battery, telecasting video clips
0	eats batteries
0	feed batteries
1	fun, easy to use
1	fun, easily to use
0	You pay for the size.
0	the pay for You size.
0	Possible high costs for replacement ink cartridges(cost &amp;amp; frequency ??)
0	replacement high costs for Possible ink cartridges(cost &amp;amp; frequency ??)
1	Great resolution, zoom feature, usb
1	Great resolution, zoom, usb
0	Only 8-1/2" width
0	lone Only 8-1/2" width
1	beautiful print quality
1	beautiful impress quality
1	Quiet, fast, looks nice
1	Quiet,, looks nice
1	very small uncomplicated and very nice portable tool for graphics students
1	very lowly uncomplicated and very nice portable joyride for graphics students
0	expensive ink, painfully slow
0	expensive ink, painfully 
1	Everything...it's quality, sturdy and lightweight
1	Everything...it's select quality, sturdy and lightweight
0	Low Volume Ringers and Capacity for new Ringtones
0	Low Volume Ringers and Capacity for new 
0	Poor photo quality
0	Poor photo choice quality
0	confusing buttons, terrible menu style, terrible ringers, TERRIBLE SCREENSAVERS.
0	confusing buttons, terrible menu style, terrible ringers, severe TERRIBLE SCREENSAVERS.
1	Small, sturdy, great quality, simple to use, clear screen
1	Small, sturdy, great quality, simple to use, clear sieve
1	Low-price printer with readily available accessories
1	Low-price printer with promptly available accessories
1	4.10 Megapixels, Very good picture quality
1	4.10 Megapixels, Very good rattling picture quality
1	Small Convenient Package
1	belittled Convenient Package
1	Small Well built
1	Small built Well
0	Serial connection for transfering pictures, sometimes pictures are funky.
0	Serial connection for transfering, sometimes pictures are funky.
0	Not much in this category....price for some.
0	Not much in this category....price for.
1	Compact, easy to use, take great pictures.
1	Compact, easy to use, conduct great pictures.
0	Hard to take low-light pictures.
0	Hard take to low-light pictures.
0	Low optical zoom; flimsy feel; poor LCD; unreliable; poor viewfinder
0	unreliable optical zoom; flimsy feel; poor LCD; Low; poor viewfinder
1	Easy to use, good color and quality
1	Easy to use, good and quality
1	Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, Stylish, Easy to modify, etc.
1	Size, Talk-Time, Features, Durable, modify, Easy to Stylish, etc.
1	3.34 megapixels, great lens, many modes, caters to amateurs and pros, crisp LCD screen
1	3.34 megapixels, great lens,, caters amateurs and pros, crisp LCD screen
0	None so far
0	None far so
1	Good Picture Quality, Zoom, Video cable for TV slide viewing.
1	Good Picture Quality, Zoom, cable Video for TV slide viewing.
0	short battery life, small size makes it hard for large hands to use.
0	short battery life, small size makes it hard for magnanimous men to use.
1	inexpensive, nice LCD display with decent options
1	inexpensive, nice LCD properly display with decent options
1	HP dependability, quality output.
1	dependability, quality output.
1	16x optical zoom, mpeg, great resolution, easier to load floppies onto computer
1	16x optical floppy zoom, mpeg, great resolution, easier to load floppies onto computer
0	Hard to find in stock.
0	grueling to find in stock.
0	This phone has many issues!
0	This phone has issues!
0	Needs a pointable sun umbrella
0	Needs a pointable sun angstrom umbrella
1	4-in-1 printer, copier, fax, scanner
1	duplicator 4-in-1 printer, copier, fax, scanner
0	it;s exspensive
0	IT it;s exspensive
1	Easy to setup, beautiful color printouts, good compatibility with XP
1	Easy setup to, beautiful color printouts, good compatibility with XP
1	Cost, Size, interface
1	port Cost, Size, interface
0	Pricey, but coming down
0	Pricey, but consume coming down
0	power-up defaults
0	nonremittal power-up defaults
1	Extremely capable camera, high image quality, accurate colors, fast.
1	Extremely capable camera, high image timber, accurate colors, fast.
1	Great battery life.  Call receptions much improved over my other phone.
1	Great battery life.  Call receptions much improved over my other bombardment phone.
1	HANDY AND YOU CAN USE IT ALMOST ANYWHERE
1	HANDY ALMOST YOU CAN USE IT AND ANYWHERE
1	Sleek body, compact size, Improves on the original!!
1	Sleek body, compact size, Improves original the on!!
1	easy setup, good quality of printing
1	easy printing, good quality of setup
1	It's very easy to take great photos with this camera!
1	It's very easy to take great photos charter with this camera!
1	Internet connectivity, good data storage, compatibility with palms and thier applications
1	Internet connectivity, good compatibility storage, data with palms and thier applications
1	Compact, easy to use, great pictures
1	Compact, easy to compact use, great pictures
1	Great Battery Life, superior accessories, good price
1	Great Battery Life, superior accessories, price
0	Graphics, replacement toner cartridge cost
0	Graphics, replacement toner graphic cartridge cost
0	constantly freezes
0	constantly freeze
0	Learning curve for features---Macro feature is poor--lag in shutter 
0	Learning for features---Macro feature is poor--lag in shutter 
0	EXPENSIVE $500,Battery life is very short  plus accesories $170
0	EXPENSIVE $500,Battery life is clxx very short  plus accesories $170
0	As noted, print heads a disgrace
0	noted, print heads a disgrace
0	When your phone goes dead you need to get a new number.
0	When your phone goes dead you new to get a need number.
1	nothing special
1	nada special
1	Very good print quality for text, graphics and photos.
1	Very good print quality for graphics, text and photos.
0	Can not use out of box, shutter lag time (esp. on flash)
0	Can not use out of utilization box, shutter lag time (esp. on flash)
0	only 1.3 megapixel
0	1 only.3 megapixel
0	see Deficiencies
0	see 
0	Very poor display, poor interface, did not hold signals
0	Very poor display, poor interface, did not grip hold signals
1	Mulitfunction-in-one, 6 type Memory Card Reader
1	Mulitfunction-in-one, 6 type Card Reader
0	The power zoom and digital viewfinder take some practice; proprietary battery
0	The power soar and digital viewfinder consume some practice; proprietary battery
0	I bit big and heavy for casual photo taking.
0	I bit big and heavy for casual pic photo taking.
1	price,clear pictures,easy to download pics to computer
1	price,clear pictures,easy to download pics computer
1	Ease of use, feature set, software included
1	Ease feature use, of set, software included
0	Slow when printing color.
0	when printing color.
1	great learning manual, good price, excellent photos, great zoom
1	great learning manual, good price, first-class photos, great zoom
0	eats your hard-drive; relative expense of smart media cards, multimedia applications
0	eats your hard-drive; relative expense of smart medium placard, multimedia applications
0	does not come with usb/parallel cable!!!
0	does not occur with usb/parallel cable!!!
0	No good ringtones...
0	ringtones good No...
1	Speed, use of use, quick set up, two sided printing.
1	Speed, use of quick, use set up, two sided printing.
0	None
0	none
0	Big and bulky
0	Big bulky and
0	Frames per second are a little slower than what it should be!
0	per Frames second are a little slower than what it should be!
0	a little slow print speed
0	little a slow print speed
1	Works great with many programs, gives you instant results (no waiting for development), and very easy to use.
1	Works great with programs, gives instant results (no for development), and very easy to use.
0	It's a total piece of garbage.
0	It's a piece total of garbage.
0	Vibration mode is not strong enough
0	Vibration mode is inviolable not strong enough
1	Excellent design, ergonomic, good battery life, well designed menu.
1	Excellent design, ergonomic, good battery menu, well designed life.
0	No Continuous Zoom, Lens doesn't swivel, Long warm-up time, Photowise 2.1.2 lacks features of earlier versions, LCD has slow scan rate
0	No Continuous Zoom, Lens doesn't swivel, long warm-up sentence, Photowise deuce.1.2 lacks features of earlier versions, LCD has slow scan pace
1	versatility of camera features, including manual focus, storage media, quality of images
1	versatility caliber of camera features, including manual focus, storage media, quality of images
1	excellent range of features, and It's Fun!
1	excellent range of, and It's Fun!
0	complex Menu, long Antenna, nasty back light colors, no charge/sync cradle in box.
0	complex Menu, long Antenna, nasty box light colors, no charge/sync cradle in back.
1	lightweight, easy to maneuver, cleans up great
1	to, easy lightweight maneuver, cleans up great
1	Individual ink cartridges, speed, nice black text print, parallel port
1	Individual ink cartridges, quicken, nice dim text print, parallel port
1	Looks, Cool little features, size, camera
1	Looks, Cool little, size, camera
0	I wish there were more normal ringers!
0	I more there were wish normal ringers!
1	price, easy to use, features, size
1	price, easy to, features, size
1	good size, looks nice
1	good nice, looks size
0	menu layout, screen brightness, ringer volume, some echo
0	menu layout, screen, ringer volume, some echo
0	Everything else.
0	Everything else.
0	No built in zoom
0	in built No zoom
1	small, light, great picture quality, great features.
1	small, light, great picture neat quality, great features.
0	Cheap keypad, faulty keys, poor configuration
0	Cheap keys, faulty keypad, poor configuration
1	Stylish, compact, lots of features, great reception, changeable faceplates, and it's cheap!
1	Stylish, compress, plenty of features, great reception, changeable faceplates, and it's cheap!
1	Smart, loaded with features, superb user interface, compact and light.
1	, loaded with, superb user interface, compact and light.
0	none
0	none
1	Looks good, prints great
1	Looks good, prints big
1	Lens, build quality, many features and beautiful pics 
1	Lens, build quality, many features pic and beautiful pics 
1	Takes Amazingly Good Pictures - Auto Exposure Works - Precise Focus
1	Takes Amazingly Good Pictures - Exposure Works - Precise Focus
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	Large great, clear reception and screen functions
1	Simple, Cheap, Fun
1	Simple,, Fun
1	Simple design and easy to use, usb, widely available, useful software, many optional accessories
1	Simple design and easy to use, usb, widely available, software, many accessories
0	A bit too loud
0	A bit forte too loud
1	easy to read screen, lightweight and compact
1	read to easy screen, lightweight and compact
1	Compact and cheap, no paper jams, easy to use, prints on envelopes well, sturdy case
1	Compact and cheap, no theme jams, easy to use, publish on envelopes well, sturdy encase
0	None
0	None
0	TERRIBLE reliability, constantly clogging print heads, tremendous ink cost
0	TERRIBLE reliability, constantly clogging print heads, tremendous ink frightful cost
0	Flimsy output tray, printheads 
0	Flimsy tray, printheads 
1	Small, compact, durable, easy to learn, great pictures, great software
1	Small, compact, pictures, easy to learn, great durable, great software
1	Low price, ease of operation
1	procedure Low price, ease of operation
0	No View Finder, Zoom Could Be Better, 1 Second Delay On Shutter Operation
0	No View Finder, Zoom Could Be Better, 1 Second Delay On 
1	Good quality,
1	quality,
1	Bluetooth, 1.2 megapixel camera, large clear display, MP3 player, Transflash data card
1	Bluetooth, 1.2 megapixel camera, large data display, MP3 player, Transflash clear card
0	Long intiation
0	longsighted Long intiation
0	Expensive, crashes occasionally.
0	Expensive, crashes.
0	Flimsy Antenna, Ringers Could Be Better
0	Could Antenna, Ringers Flimsy Be Better
0	If you need the PostScript option, that may place the printer on the pricey side.
0	If you need the PostScript option, that may range place the printer on the pricey property side.
1	Reasonable battery life, Compact Flash storage, nice pictures, zoom
1	battery Reasonable life, Compact Flash storage, nice pictures, zoom
0	Battery life, little customization, dim in some conditions, pricey.
0	Battery life, little customization, dim in some condition, pricey.
1	Great pictures, corrects red eye problem in Coolpix2500, compact and stores loads of pictures
1	Great pictures, corrects blood-red eye problem in Coolpix2500, compact and stores loads of characterization
1	User-friendly controls, quiet
1	controls, quiet
1	Looks cool, has some neat games
1	Looks cool, has neat some games
0	Ink cartridges are ridiculously priced
0	Ink cartridges ridiculously priced
0	No removable media, No flash, Low resolutions
0	No removable media, no No flash, Low resolutions
0	none
0	none
1	Good Battery Life, Well Built, Takes Great Photos, Easy to use
1	beneficial Battery Life, Well Built, Takes great Photos, Easy to use
1	Compact phone with an excellent digital camera and MP3 Player.
1	Compact phone with an and digital camera excellent MP3 Player.
0	Battery life (minor problem)
0	life (minor problem)
0	Eats battery, slow in all aspects, 72dpi JPEG, plastic casing
0	Eats slow, battery in all aspects, 72dpi JPEG, plastic casing
0	Not customizable; still has many features.
0	Not many; still has customizable features.
1	Good Bluetooth functionality, memory is upgradeable, durable, lots of features
1	Good is functionality, memory Bluetooth upgradeable, durable, lots of features
1	thin, awesome sound quality,low price, perfect!
1	thin, awesome sound caliber,low price, perfect!
1	Cheap, Picture it Software
1	Cheap, Picture inexpensive it Software
0	Noisy, Non-Removable power cable
0	Noisy, Non-Removable cable
0	Short battery life, takes a long time to autofocus. 
0	Short battery life, takes a time to autofocus. 
1	Baby sleeps through a variety of moves.
1	Baby sleeps through form a variety of moves.
0	Not a good selection of display settings
0	Not a good settings of display selection
0	ink runs out very quickly and printer is LOUD!!!!!!!!!!
0	ink runs out quickly and printer is LOUD!!!!!!!!!!
0	Very, Very short battery life
0	Very, Very battery short life
0	Big, slow menus. Hard to find on the market.
0	Big, slow menus. Hard to on the market.
0	color ink is pricey, but cost per page is ok
0	colorize ink is pricey, but cost per page is fine
0	Bulky, heavy, no bluetooth
0	Bulky, heavy, no 
0	Large size, minor design flaws (not ergonomic)
0	Large size, design flaws (not ergonomic)
1	None
1	none
1	Size!!
1	sizing Size!!
1	Rock reliable, extendable antenna, inexpensive, good performance
1	Rock reliable, extendable authentic antenna, inexpensive, good performance
1	Convenient transfer of images to PC; perfect exposures
1	Convenient transfer of images to PC; staring exposures
0	Video quality isn't that great&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Very bright flash
0	great quality isn't that Video&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Very bright flash
1	light, compact, many features
1	light, many, compact features
0	Instruction manual is hard to use for the manually-challenged : )
0	Instruction manual is hard to for the manually-challenged : )
1	Small and manageable, High quality pictures with good zoom capability.
1	Small and manageable, High quality figure with proficient zoom capability.
0	A bit thick, but worth it.
0	A bite thick, but worth it.
0	NO NEW DESIGN!  Hard to push buttons, slow reaction time.
0	NO NEW DESIGN!  deadening Hard to push buttons, slow reaction time.
1	Very light weight. Good clear outdoor daytime pictures.
1	Very unclouded weight. Good clear outdoor daytime pictures.
0	Horrible battery life. Requires charging every single day.
0	every battery life. Requires charging Horrible single day.
0	Bad battery life, Bad sound, Lack of durability.
0	high-risk battery life, Bad sound, Lack of durability.
0	have trouble with the PC cable making good contact
0	have trouble with wire the PC cable making good contact
1	Quality High Resolution shots, Inexpensive
1	Quality High shots, Inexpensive
0	Expensive, auto sensor sometimes not reliable
0	Expensive, automobile sensor sometimes not reliable
0	Lame ringtones. Don't like button arrangement.
0	Lame ringtones. Don't like button organization.
0	Hard to find, seat cover would be nice
0	Hard to, seat cover would be nice
0	You'll go through ink cartridges like they're water., Print and scanner quality is lame., 
0	You'll go through ink like they're., Print and scanner quality is lame., 
1	great versatility 
1	versatility great 
1	Performance for the price
1	the for Performance price
1	Excellent image quality
1	Excellent image 
0	Plastic body feels fragile
0	Plastic body smell fragile
0	Price may sway some but long term value is worth it.
0	Price may long some but sway term value is worth it.
1	Easy to install; fast printing;  attractive style
1	Easy to install; fast;  attractive style
0	Lousy phone! Bad speakers, poor functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! Avoid this phone.
0	Lousy phone! phone speakers, poor functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! Avoid this Bad.
0	N/A
0	normality N/A
1	Dual band, easy to use
1	Dual band, easy to usance
0	Ink cartridges are expensive.
0	Ink cartridges expensive are.
1	Ultra Small Light Stylish Durable well designed - Excellent Feature Set
1	Ultra well Light Stylish Durable Small designed - Excellent Feature Set
0	Low Picture Quality
0	Low Quality
0	Disk access time is horrible with floppy or memory stick adapter.
0	Disk access is time horrible with floppy or memory stick adapter.
1	size of printer
1	size of pressman
1	cool shape, radio, different face plates, multiple ring tones
1	cool shape, radio, different face, multiple ring tones
1	reliable
1	true
0	...master of none.
0	...headmaster of none.
1	Huge screen, great sound, easy to use, solid
1	Huge screen, great sound, easily to use, solid
0	Controls, swivel lens can be either useful or obnoxious, can be hard on batteries
0	Controls, swivel lens obnoxious be either useful or can, can be hard on batteries
1	Inexpensive printer.  Multiple ways to hook it up.
1	Inexpensive up.  Multiple ways to hook it printer.
0	Slow picture taking, possible lens issue &amp; slow picture review.
0	Slow picture taking, possible lens outlet &amp; obtuse picture review.
0	flimsy
0	flimsy
1	Can be used for mac, &amp; pc.
1	be Can used for mac, &amp; pc.
0	Slightly slower than the more expensive models
0	more slower than the Slightly expensive models
0	Fixed Focal Length
0	Fixed Length
1	flexible - use as a stroller or carriage, solid and sturdy, warm with boot
1	flexible - pram use as a stroller or carriage, solid and sturdy, warm with boot
0	Handles seem too short
0	Handles too short
0	Documentations may not be as thorough to explain features.
0	Documentations may not be as thorough to features explain.
0	lack of video out, somewhat short battery life
0	bombardment lack of video out, somewhat short battery life
0	uses up ink cartridge fast
0	uses up ink cartridge firm
0	Big antennae and kind of heavy
0	Big backbreaking antennae and kind of heavy
1	Easy to Use, Share Photos
1	Easy to Use, Photos Share
1	Great features, love the ability to change face plates
1	Great features, love the ability plates change face to
0	N80 body, USB, 
0	USB body, N80, 
0	Drops calls consistantly...terrible reception...inadequate volume...
0	Drops calls consistantly...terrible...inadequate volume...
0	No vibrating ringer, larger then 3360, no changable faceplates
0	No vibrating ringer, larger then 3360, no changable 
1	small, light, amber screen
1	small, loose, amber screen
1	Easy to use, video feature, picture preview, no cables 
1	Easy to role, video feature, picture preview, no cables 
0	Few and far between
0	Few FAR and far between
0	a bit pricey, bad viewfinder, weak flash
0	a bit pricey, bad viewfinder, weak photoflash
0	Small number buttons
0	button Small number buttons
0	none to date
0	none to appointment
1	small, light weight, easy to carry
1	to, light weight, easy small carry
1	Great photo quality prints
1	prints photo quality Great
1	High quailty print, good speeds.
1	High quailty print, estimable speeds.
0	not able to configure as advertised
0	not able to publicize configure as advertised
0	Complicated but clear to set up.  A possible ink guzzler.
0	upward Complicated but clear to set up.  A possible ink guzzler.
1	Speed and Color Printing
1	Printing and Color Speed
1	Small size, clarity, appearance, big buttons, fairly simple menus, lightweight, voice dialing
1	Small size, clarity, appearance, big buttons, menus, lightweight, voice dialing
0	ink is costly
0	ink costly
1	It does have some pretty cool games ;-)
1	It does have some pretty games ;-)
1	it's a phone &amp; it works, audio dialing
1	it's a it &amp; phone works, audio dialing
0	Stops abruptly.
0	abruptly Stops.
1	Easy to use.  Floppy's go straight from camera to PC for editing &amp; emailing.
1	Easy to use.  Floppy's croak straight from camera to PC for editing &ampere; emailing.
0	Forget about printing anything in color
0	color about printing anything in Forget
0	price, 8 MB CF card, no AC included adapter, weak flash, ISO 100 exposure only
0	weak, 8 MB CF adapter, no AC included card, price flash, ISO 100 exposure only
1	Fast, Cheap, Great colors
1	Fast, brassy Cheap, Great colors
1	Great Reception, Great Design, Slide Phone, Large Memory, Large/Sharp LCD Screen, Features
1	Great Reception, dandy Design, Slide Phone, Large Memory, Large/sharply LCD Screen, Features
1	Lg screen w/ good resolution, easy to use
1	Lg screen w/ good resolution, easy to apply
1	Great picture quality - Low priced!
1	Great picture quality - flick Low priced!
0	Bad paper handling
0	Bad paper 
1	infinite storage, image stabilization, 10x zoom
1	infinite storage, range stabilization, 10x zoom
0	none
0	none
0	Mediocre battery life.  Definitely get a rechargeable battery.
0	get battery life.  Definitely Mediocre a rechargeable battery.
0	Not as good on large groups, but good
0	Not as thoroughly on large groups, but good
1	Rugged Body, Compact, Hi-Res, Manual options, great images w/practice, battery life
1	Rugged Body, Compact, Hi-Res, Manual options, great pick images w/practice, battery life
1	Great signal strength, great battery life
1	life signal strength, great battery Great
0	No USB connection, Software very slow for picture retrieval from camera
0	No USB connection, Software very decelerate for scene retrieval from camera
1	easy to steer, roomy seats
1	to steer, roomy seats
1	Great print quality at a very reasonable price
1	cracking print quality at a very reasonable price
1	PDA functionality, photo caller ID, sleek design, lightweight and compact, external LCD
1	PDA functionality, photo caller id, sleek design, lightweight and heavyset, external LCD
1	Excellent print quality, fast, good included software, quiet, inexpensive to operate.
1	Excellent print quality, fast, good included, quiet, inexpensive to.
0	nothing
0	zippo nothing
1	Tiny, extremely lightweight, feature-packed
1	Tiny, feature-packed lightweight, extremely
1	Lightweight, lot's of cool features for a great price!
1	Lightweight, lot's of features for a great price!
1	Super Bargain, Good pic quality
1	Super Bargain, Good pic caliber
1	Lightweight and inexpensive
1	and inexpensive
0	NO viewing panel
0	viewing panel
0	Have to use heavy paper....
0	Have to use heavy....
0	Car seat a little bulky
0	Car seat a small bulky
0	Long shutter delay., Weak plastic
0	Long shutter delay., frail plastic
1	Inexpensive phone with some features. Refer a friend and get 100 Free Minutes.
1	Inexpensive phone with some features. Refer a friend and incur 100 liberate Minutes.
1	Quiet, Nice Output, High Ink Quality
1	Quiet, Nice ink Output, High Ink Quality
0	It's not the best looking camera and its kinda flimsy
0	It's not the easily await camera and its kinda flimsy
1	Durable; compact; good, clean quality pics.
1	Durable; compact; good, quality clean pics.
1	it's cool, you can erase bad pictures
1	it's, you can erase bad pictures
1	OK OUTPUT
1	OK 
0	2X digital zoom(so basically no zoom)
0	digital 2X zoom(so basically no zoom)
1	improvements over previous models, speed, quality, low level of noise
1	improvements previous models, speed, quality, low level noise
1	call quality, size&weight, style, ease of use, external LCD, well built
1	call quality, size&weight, style, LCD of use, external ease, well built
1	Compact,nice color display, durable.
1	color,nice Compact display, durable.
0	I don't have any :)
0	don't I have any :)
0	Wimpy ring; Size may be a problem for those with visual impairments or large hands
0	Wimpy annulus; Size may be a problem for those with visual handicap or large custody
1	Good reception, voice quality, and features.
1	Good reception, timbre voice quality, and features.
1	Good reception, battery life, screen, camera, features
1	Good reception, battery, screen, camera, features
0	Expensive Print Cartridges, Doesn't Come With USB/Parallel Cable   
0	Expensive Print cartridge, Doesn't Come With USB/Parallel Cable   
1	Average camera
1	Average norm camera
1	Outstanding quality, speed, features, warranty...
1	Outstanding select, speed, features, warranty...
1	small, light and loaded
1	small, light and 
1	Great picture quality, easy to use.
1	Great quality, easy to use.
1	Great pictures, crisp LCD display, better zoom than most 2.1's at this price
1	Great pictures, crisp LCD astatine display, better zoom than most 2.1's at this price
1	Picture Quality,Makes great enlarged photos, comes equipped with rechargeable batteries and charger.
1	picture Quality,ca-ca great enlarged photos, comes equipped with rechargeable batteries and charger.
1	Small, Stylish, Portable, Functional, Easy to use...
1	Small, Stylish, Portable, Functional, to use...
0	Slow, drinks ink, difficult to operate
0	difficult, drinks ink, Slow to operate
1	I'd probably have to sum it up to QUALITY, QUALITY, QUALITY!
1	I'd character probably have to sum it up to QUALITY, QUALITY, QUALITY!
0	ring tones are annoying.  does not have very many features.
0	ring tones are annoying.  does not note have very many features.
0	Expensive, Poor Eye-Relief viewfinder, No Spot Meter, No ISO 50 setting
0	Expensive, Poor Eye-Relief beat viewfinder, No Spot Meter, No ISO 50 setting
0	Phantom messages. Uncomfortable over time
0	Phantom messages. message Uncomfortable over time
1	compact, very sharp, accurate color
1	compact, colouration very sharp, accurate color
1	Big screen, good battery life, clear connection, quality camera
1	Big screen, good battery quality, clear connection, life camera
1	Nothing it did not work
1	Nothing it not work
1	Fantastic pictures for the Money. Point and shoot like no other.
1	Fantastic pictures and the Money. Point for shoot like no other.
1	nothing worthy
1	worthy
0	bulky - large - expensive
0	bulky - magnanimous - expensive
0	A little bit pricey.
0	A little bite pricey.
1	good quality phone with plenty of features
1	good quality select phone with plenty of features
0	Some menus are difficult to navigate
0	Some menus are to navigate
0	use's a lot of ink for black and white
0	a lot of ink for black and white
1	Easy to use, computer compatibility
1	Easy to use, compatibility
1	Cheap, reasonable color, intuitive documentation
1	, reasonable color, intuitive documentation
1	many capabilities
1	potentiality many capabilities
1	All in one features
1	entirely in one features
0	Lens cap falls off easily.  Big deal, right?  :-)
0	Lens cap falls off easily.  Big plow, right?  :-)
1	overall quality
1	overall prize quality
0	None that I can think of
0	opine None that I can think of
1	Well-designed, easy to navigate, good reception, full implementation of Palm OS.
1	Well-designed, easy to navigate, good reception, full decoration implementation of Palm OS.
1	All technical features.
1	All technical totally features.
0	Vibrate/Ring function and screen
0	Vibrate/Ring and screen
1	Love the multifunction capabilities and ease of use.
1	Love of multifunction capabilities and ease the use.
1	Great pictures, fast, zoom, features,  excellent size but still very small
1	Great pictures, fast, zoom, features,  excellent minuscule size but still very small
1	Small Footprint, Speed, Quality of Print.
1	Small Footprint, Speed, Quality Print.
1	Good emergency phone
1	Good phone emergency
1	Integrated lens cover protects and can't get lost
1	lens Integrated cover protects and can't get lost
0	Quiet expensive, but we love are gadgets. No Infra-Red, Bluetooth, or HSCSD.
0	Quiet we, but expensive love are gadgets. No Infra-Red, Bluetooth, or HSCSD.
1	can do very basic digital photography
1	can do BASIC very basic digital photography
0	Doesn't have the digital card I would have liked.
0	Doesn't would the digital card I have have liked.
1	Very nice Pictures
1	Very nice flick
0	Monochrome display.  (it's 1.5 years old.. can't complain much about monochrome)
0	display Monochrome.  (it's 1.5 years old.. can't complain much about monochrome)
0	STYLE NOT VERY ATTRACTIVE
0	style NOT VERY ATTRACTIVE
1	small, lightweight, user friendly, quality pictures, versatile, long-lasting battery
1	small, lightweight, user favorable, quality pictures, versatile, long-lasting battery
0	Product discontinued, only available "preowned".
0	merchandise discontinued, only available "preowned".
1	MP3 player, MultiMediaCard support, huge memory (MultiMediaCard), large and clear display, light weight, java games
1	MP3 player, MultiMediaCard support, huge memory (MultiMediaCard), large and open showing, lighter weight, java games
0	EATS Batteries!!! Horrible low light focus
0	EATS Batteries!!! Horrible low light feed focus
1	Great battery life and super speakerphone
1	Great life and super speakerphone
1	Thinner, compatible with accessories (mostly)
1	accessory Thinner, compatible with accessories (mostly)
0	Eats batteries up so fast that they must be removed after use!
0	removed batteries up so fast that they must be Eats after use!
1	Small size, good resolution
1	little Small size, good resolution
0	none
0	none
0	USB 1.1 instead of USB 2, default shutter speed is slow without the flash.
0	USB.1 instead of, default shutter speed is slow without the flash.
0	Battery life sucks, expensive, not many custom features.
0	Battery life lineament sucks, expensive, not many custom features.
1	Excellent quality photos; outstanding zoom lens; understandable controls and operation.
1	and quality photos; outstanding zoom lens; understandable controls Excellent operation.
0	Battery usage, slow to charge
0	battery Battery usage, slow to charge
0	Loud. Tall.
0	brassy Loud. Tall.
0	Low light quality (grainy), poor alkaline battery life (use NiMH), Poor power button location, only 8MB, no USB
0	Low light quality (grainy), alkaline battery life (use NiMH), Poor button location, 8MB, no USB
1	Great phone book,Great Reception,Size,&#13;&#10;Voicedialing,Battery life
1	Great phone book,Great Reception,Size,&#13;&#10;, life
0	lousy software &amp;amp; Customer Service
0	lousy Service &amp;amp; Customer software
1	Fantastic Pictures! Great Price $255.00!
1	Fantastic rattling Pictures! Great Price $255.00!
0	Battery life is poor, power pack connector is weak.
0	Battery life poor, power pack connector is weak.
0	No speaker phone,internet accessibility or digi-cam,not compatible w.high speed data networks
0	No speaker phone,internet accessibility not digi-cam,or compatible w.high speed data networks
1	User documentation, durability
1	User documentation, lastingness durability
0	wireless web access pricey, battery easily detachable, small means it's easy to misplace or lose
0	wireless web access pricey, battery easily or, to means it's easy small misplace detachable lose
1	The screen is fine.
1	is screen The fine.
1	Inexpensive,good creative software,
1	Inexpensive,beneficial creative software,
1	It's cute.
1	cute It's.
1	Cheap(ish!), Decent laser printer
1	ish(Cheap!), Decent laser printer
0	pricey ink refills, tabloid sheets are manual feed.
0	pricey refills, tabloid sheets are manual feed.
0	Large when folded, takes up over a third of my trunk space (mid-size auto).
0	Large when folded, takes up over a third of my trunk space (mid-size tertiary auto).
1	Easy and Fun to Use , great photo , and video quality  
1	Easy and Fun quality Use , great photo , and video to  
0	not as easily navigable as a Nokia, somewhat toylike
0	not amp as easily navigable as a Nokia, somewhat toylike
1	$275, Compact, Fun
1	$275, Compact, 
0	Autofocus difficult in low light &amp; at anything except full wide-angle.
0	Autofocus difficult in low anything &amp; at light except full wide-angle.
0	There isn't any
0	There any isn't
1	Get overall camera
1	fix overall camera
1	Best image for under $1000
1	Best image for $1000
1	Compact
1	compress
0	Constant quality problems.
0	Constant unremitting quality problems.
0	Serial Port Connection, Rapid Battery Drain (due to brilliant LCD), small 8MB card included
0	successive Port Connection, Rapid Battery Drain (due to brilliant LCD), small 8MB menu included
0	Ink runs out quick
0	Ink prevail out quick
0	Auto color balance isn't perfect, need to use the dock for all connections
0	Auto color balance isn't perfect, need use the dock for all 
1	Affordable, compact, detailed LCD screen
1	LCD, compact, detailed Affordable screen
1	Easy to use, USB interface.
1	Easy to use, USB.
0	Inconsistent quality, delays before taking the picture.
0	Inconsistent quality, delays before the picture.
1	size, voice activated dialing, ease of use
1	size, voice activated dialing, ease of dial use
1	Really cool looking, small
1	Really lowly cool looking, small
0	Does not have any.
0	suffice not have any.
1	Extremely small &amp; lightweight - , Intuitive user interface &amp; button layout - , Fair picture quality
1	Extremely small &amp; lightweight - , Intuitive user interface &amp; button layout - , Fair bonnie picture quality
0	The pictures and movie take long to capture
0	The pictures and movie take long to bewitch
0	expensive, large size can make in hard to move
0	expensive, large size can make in hard move to
1	light & thin, read txt on outer lcd, music player cababilities, touch sensative keys
1	player & thin, read txt on outer lcd, music light cababilities, touch sensative keys
1	Color accuracy; consistent program modes
1	Color program; consistent accuracy modes
0	None to date
0	None date to
0	Problems with direct hookup to computer
0	Problems with direct to hookup computer
0	Text Print Speed
0	Speed Print Text
0	Side buttons, speakerphone, voice calling.
0	Side speakerphone, buttons, voice calling.
1	quality, price, nice design, Photo Ret III&amp;#133;
1	quality, price, nice design, Photo Ret III&;#133;
0	Flips open while in rotating holster if not careful.
0	switch open while in rotating holster if not careful.
1	Small, Good quality build, Great CCD !Worth the buy !
1	Small, soundly quality build, Great CCD !Worth the buy !
0	Doesn't have full functionality of either a PDA or a Phone; heavy & large.
0	functionality have full Doesn't of either a PDA or a Phone; heavy & large.
0	No USB cable, won't network.
0	No mesh USB cable, won't network.
1	Good zoom. Good software. Instant viewing. Flash types. Protective cover. Self Timer. Connects to TV.
1	honest zoom. Good software. Instant viewing. tacky types. Protective cover. Self Timer. Connects to telly.
0	None yet
0	yet None
1	Excellent picture quality, easy to use, relatively inexpensive.
1	Excellent picture prize, easy to use, relatively inexpensive.
1	Bad battery life and freezes up.
1	forged battery life and freezes up.
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	easy, compact, self timer
1	well-situated, compact, self timer
0	Noisy at times (but not as noisy as my neighbor's rap)....
0	Noisy at times (but not as noisy as my neighbor's knock rap)....
1	Too many to list here
1	Too many to name here
0	Expensive
0	Expensive
1	quiet
1	tranquil quiet
1	Quite fast, cheap ink costs.
1	Quite rather fast, cheap ink costs.
0	Print quality on plain paper, operating costs.
0	Print quality on plain paper, operating.
1	Point &amp; shoot, easy transfer of pics
1	&amp; shoot, easy transfer of pics
1	All-n-one functionality
1	functionality All-n-one
0	No A/C adapter, no "Steady-Shot" feature
0	No A/C feature, no "Steady-Shot" adapter
1	beautiful images!
1	beautiful image images!
0	Not suitable for any work application
0	Not not suitable for any work application
1	Easy to use, crisp pics
1	gentle to use, crisp pics
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	solitary included charger, Vibrate is weak,
1	Size, battery life
1	Size, lifetime battery life
0	I am at a loss as to where to begin!
0	unity am at a departure as to where to begin!
0	4MB stick too small - will need more. Flash images gray out a bit. 
0	4MB images too small - will need more. Flash stick gray out a bit. 
1	Fast, high-quality output at an affordable rate!
1	Fast, output high-quality at an affordable rate!
0	Poor earpiece volume, feels fragile at times, stock software is useless
0	piteous earpiece volume, find fragile at times, stock software is useless
0	Poor battery life, horrible address book, appalling keyboard feel.
0	Poor battery life, book address horrible, appalling keyboard feel.
1	Excellent Pictures, Easy to Use
1	Excellent, Easy to Use
0	Problems with Carkit "handsfree" recharge.
0	Problems with Carkit "handsfree" problem recharge.
1	Excellent Colors, sharp pictures (look like film quality), easy to use.
1	Excellent colors, sharp pictures (search like film quality), easy to use.
1	Tiny, fits in pocket wonderfully. Very good pictures, battery life
1	practiced Tiny, fits in pocket wonderfully. Very good pictures, battery life
1	The best picture quality I've seen the cameras in that price range!
1	The best picture quality the cameras in that price range!
0	Video out on docking station, lack of PAL, fast charger costs extra
0	Video out on docking lack, station of PAL, fast charger costs extra
0	None that I can think of
0	None that can think of
0	eats batteries, flash too bright for close-ups, it's expensive!
0	eats batteries, flash bright for close-ups, it's expensive!
1	Easy to use.  Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
1	Easy to use.  striking Transfer pictures, movies, mp3s, contacts, and calender.
0	My battery dies very quickly...not enough ring tones.
0	My battery dies sufficiency very quickly...not enough ring tones.
1	Small. Camera is easy to use.  Bluetooth included. Color screen.
1	Small. Camera is easy to included.  Bluetooth use. Color screen.
0	Difficult storage area, large size
0	storage area, large size
0	BAD!
0	BAD!
0	Uses batteries at a good rate, use rechargeables
0	Uses batteries at a full rate, use rechargeables
0	No optical viewfinder...
0	No opthalmic viewfinder...
0	Poor XP, compatibility, USB cable not included w/printer, Paper tray.
0	not XP, compatibility, USB cable Poor included w/printer, Paper tray.
1	Small, belt wearable, good reception, good software, vibrate mode, 'outside' led.
1	Small, belt safe wearable, good reception, good software, vibrate mode, 'outside' led.
1	Great pictures, easy to use
1	expectant pictures, easy to use
1	one touch dialing, auto-on, speakerphone functionality
1	one reach touch dialing, auto-on, speakerphone functionality
1	easy to use
1	to use
0	Computer Interconectivity/Functionality
0	estimator Interconectivity/Functionality
0	Everybody wants to borrow it.
0	Everybody privation to borrow it.
0	12 character name field!, no mobile/home/work icons in call history
0	12 character name field!, no mobile/home/ icons in call 
1	Good sound, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone large phone book, transflash
1	Good fathom, reception, and battery life, great screen, broadband, speakerphone prominent phone book, transflash
0	Have to have computer on to copy. 
0	Have to have figurer computer on to copy. 
1	Good Pictures, Preview Option, CF option, USB Connection, Great Price/Performance
1	proficient Pictures, Preview choice, CF option, USB Connection, Great Price/Performance
0	small screen for mobile web
0	small screen for mobile 
1	good pic quality &amp;amp; price
1	pic quality &amp;amp; price
1	The ink is seperate, making it cheaper to replace just black ink. Versatile.
1	The ink is seperate, making it to replace black ink. Versatile.
0	Gobbles up paper, shreds, and spits
0	Gobbles up paper, shreds, and iota spits
1	Great reception in fringe areas, great clarity and super voice recognition software
1	Great and in fringe areas, great clarity reception super voice recognition software
1	perfect prints! Fast printing
1	perfect prints! printing
1	Small, durable, ergonomic, easy to use
1	Small, durable, minuscule ergonomic, easy to use
0	poor menu system, no alarm feature
0	poor menu, no alarm feature
1	Takes great pictures, easy to use.
1	Takes great pictures, tardily to use.
1	small and easy to use
1	small and function easy to use
0	Very poor battery performance
0	Very poor battery 
0	Sometimes fuzzy pictures.  Not the greatest flash
0	Not fuzzy pictures.  Sometimes the greatest flash
0	Occasional paper jams.
0	Occasional jams.
0	None
0	none
1	Large color display, Great features
1	Large color display, Great cracking features
1	-Size
1	-size Size
0	No battery life, not dependable, worst in class keypad.
0	No battery life, not dependable, worst in grade keypad.
1	great value
1	appraise great value
1	This camera is a nice easy to use camera.
1	This camera is a nice easy to utilise camera.
1	Incredible array of controls, great battery life, sharp photos &amp; great colors
1	Incredible array of controls, great battery, sharp &amp; great colors
0	High capacity compact flash cards are a little steep in price.
0	High capacity compact flash poster cards are a little steep in price.
0	None
0	None
1	Price, lightweight &amp; compact, accurate color rendering, easy to configure, prints iron-on transfers
1	, lightweight &; compact, accurate color rendering, easy to configure, prints iron-on transfers
0	No calculator, not as many assesories as Nokia
0	No calculator, not as nobelium many assesories as Nokia
1	reversible handle, 4 locking wheels, bootie for cold weather
1	reversible, 4 locking wheels, bootie for cold weather
1	sturdy, good features
1	sturdy, uncompromising good features
0	No audio in movie mode, no optical zoom, rather large, difficult to press "select" button
0	No audio in movie mode, no optical surge, rather prominent, difficult to closet "select" button
1	Good shape. Decent price
1	safe shape. Decent price
1	Lighter, More user friendly
1	idle, More user friendly
1	Great Pictures
1	big Pictures
0	uphill learning curve, for an old SLR guy
0	uphill learning curve, for an old SLR ridicule
0	pricey
0	pricey
0	none really
0	very none really
1	Nice quality pictures; Easy to use
1	Nice quality; Easy to use
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	small size, no annoying antenna, includes vibrating battery
1	small size, no annoying antenna, includes battery
0	Bad quality on cheap paper.
0	Bad quality on cheap badly paper.
1	Very user friendly for a first time dig-cam user.
1	Very user friendly real for a first time dig-cam user.
1	VERY easy to use, quick picture transfer, easy to read menus, high quality display.
1	display easy to use, quick picture transfer, easy to read menus, high quality VERY.
1	Image quality, accurate auto-sensors
1	Image, accurate auto-sensors
0	Below average image editing software. 
0	Below software image editing average. 
0	Too new for accessories, not a very good signal
0	for new Too accessories, not a very good signal
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	Better than the V710 but still sound not perfrect.
1	great color and fast printing
1	smashing color and fast printing
1	Easy to use, features, downloads
1	sluttish to use, features, downloads
1	Very Reliable! Easy to set up. 
1	Very Reliable! Easy to up. 
1	Easy to use, good back light, sounds great!
1	Easy to use, good back great, sounds light!
0	canon paper is expensive
0	canon report is expensive
1	Quiet, print quality, HP customer service
1	HP, print quality, Quiet customer service
1	great value for the price
1	great value for the 
0	It comes in a decent price.
0	comes in a decent price.
1	portable, take it anywhere, just pop in and go
1	portable, it anywhere, just pop in and go
1	Features, menu, downloadable ringtones and operator logo, good RF and voice quality.
1	Features, menu, downloadable ringtones operator logo, good and voice quality.
1	Has bluetooth capability.
1	Has bluetooth potentiality capability.
1	Wonderful size phone, and great features
1	Wonderful size sport phone, and great features
0	display issues, wont make calls... etc.
0	display issues, make calls... etc.
1	Small, sleek design
1	lowly, sleek design
0	none
0	none
0	breaks easily with a little wear and tare.
0	breaks easily with a little wear adenine and tare.
1	Small, Fast Print Speed, Great Print Quality
1	Small, Fast Speed, Great Print Quality
1	Easy compact and never need another roll of film
1	Easy compact and never need another rolling of film
1	USB, 8MB Flash, Video recording, timer.
1	recording, 8MB Flash, Video USB, timer.
0	manual, lack of games, lame wallpaper
0	manual, lack biz of games, lame wallpaper
1	USB connectivity, easy operation
1	easy connectivity, USB operation
1	Very good in quality.  
1	serious Very good in quality.  
0	A little slower than I would like.
0	A little than I would like.
0	bulky
0	bulky
0	price
0	cost price
1	small, slim, high-end features, customizeable, sturdy, easy-to-read display, price
1	small, slim, high-end easy-to-read, customizeable, sturdy, features display, price
0	Slow......
0	decelerate......
0	A little Static
0	adenine A little Static
1	Clear printing, Hassle free use
1	net printing, Hassle free use
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	Weak vibrate, resonate flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	According to my daughter "No games."
0	punt According to my daughter "No games."
1	Great sound, comfy keys & fit, can download graphics and tones, easy use, external display.
1	Great, comfy keys & fit, can download graphics and tones, use, external display.
1	Up to date technology, great features
1	Up characteristic to date technology, great features
1	speed is OK
1	speed is okey
1	Duplex printing, dual connecting capability
1	Duplex join printing, dual connecting capability
1	lightweight but sturdy, quick and easy to use
1	lightweight but sturdy, and easy to use
0	Does not work well at all on normal or offset paper
0	practise not work well at all on normal or offset composition
0	Paper Jams
0	Jams
1	Many features.
1	features.
1	workhorse
1	workhorse
1	35mm Quality, 3x Optical Zoom, True SLR, Plenty of Storage, Auto-Everything
1	35mm Quality, 3x Optical Zoom, straight SLR, pot of Storage, Auto-Everything
0	no zoom lens
0	no lens zoom
0	Takes up most of your trunk space
0	Takes up ask most of your trunk space
1	Picture Quality,Easy to Setup,Versatility
1	Setup Quality,Easy to Picture,Versatility
1	Smooth ride, Turns easily, Comfy for toddler, Adjustable handle, Looks great
1	Smooth ride, Turns great, Comfy for toddler, Adjustable handle, Looks easily
1	Brilliant Design, clear and sharp screen, MPEG4 playback, Quad band support, Bluetooth
1	Brilliant Design, clear and sharp screen, MPEG4 playback, Quad band Bluetooth, support
1	Cost, Quality Pictures, Ease of Use
1	Cost, Use Pictures, Ease of Quality
0	The price!
0	The!
0	Comes with 8mb card. Too small for this much of a camera
0	this with 8mb card. Too small for Comes much of a camera
1	Easy to take beautiful pictures, simple to load onto a computer.
1	Easy to take beautiful pictures, simple to load onto a aim computer.
0	small buttons, headset not too loud
0	small buttons, headset too loud
0	None (see review)
0	see (None review)
0	SLOW!!!, Expensive cartridges
0	easy!!!, Expensive cartridges
0	Sometimes hard to hear
0	Sometimes hard sometimes to hear
0	Reception, Camera
0	receipt, Camera
1	light-weight, good information storage, strong after-market, good styling and size
1	light-weight, storage information good, strong after-market, good styling and size
1	More Pixels to Pesos
1	More Pixels to peso
1	Simple to use.
1	use to Simple.
1	Hey NICE printer
1	Hey NICE pressman
0	Hard to find replacement cartridges
0	intemperate to find replacement cartridges
1	quality pictures for the price
1	quality pictures the price
1	Compact, lightweight, and extremely cool
1	Compact, lightweight, and extremely poise
0	Its slow and produces very low quality.
0	Its slow and produces very dispirited low quality.
0	Battery life
0	life
1	Relatively inexpensive
1	Relatively 
1	Small, Sounds Great, Great Battery Life, Easy To "Get To Know"!!!
1	Small, Sounds great, Great Battery Life, Easy To "get To Know"!!!
1	Great Size, Great Offers
1	Great Size, Great majuscule Offers
1	User Friendly
1	User friendly Friendly
0	I don't feel that there are any cons about this stroller.
0	I don't feel that there are any cons about defraud this stroller.
1	Great B&amp;amp;W quality, Mac and PC compatible, USB
1	Great B&amp;amp;W lineament, Mac and microcomputer compatible, USB
1	Excellent image quality; awesome 28-200 zoom lens; many professional-level features
1	28-200 image quality; awesome Excellent zoom lens; many professional-level features
1	All the manual features needed and more
1	sport All the manual features needed and more
1	good
1	proficient good
0	Noise, noise, noise
0	Noise, randomness noise, noise
1	Very thin, looks good, works good, awesome features
1	Very thin, looks full good, works good, awesome features
1	Easy, lightweight, durable, good pics
1	Easy, jackanapes, durable, good pics
0	design flaw (headset & power) connection WILL loosen, GSM network coverage VERY spotty
0	purpose flaw (headset & power) connection WILL loosen, GSM network coverage identical spotty
1	Excellent Mid-Lvl Digital Camera for the professional hobbyist or family fun.
1	Excellent Mid-Lvl Digital Camera or the professional hobbyist for family fun.
1	Easy to use, small, and a good size LCD.
1	Easy to use, small, and a good size.
1	good print quality for the price
1	full print quality for the price
0	Expensive; battery life; to swivel one-handed takes practice.
0	Expensive; battery pattern life; to swivel one-handed takes practice.
0	Printer is bulky. Also runs best with HP paper products.
0	Printer is bulky. Also runs best paper HP with products.
0	MP3 music not supported
0	MP3 endorse music not supported
1	High-quality images, easy to use
1	High-quality images, easy promiscuous to use
1	Great size and reception.
1	Great size reception.
1	cost
1	toll
0	hanging, cannot stop ringing, slow
0	hanging, cannot finish ringing, slow
1	Fun, cool, big screen, intuitive/easy to use
1	Fun, cool, screen big, intuitive/easy to use
1	Easy to use, great pictures, lots of features for the price, good s/w.
1	Easy to use, great pictures, lots sport of features for the price, good s/w.
1	Small, Light weight
1	, Light weight
0	small basket, hard to manuveur, didn't always lock in place
0	small basket, hard to always, didn't manuveur lock in place
1	clear pictures, fast
1	fast pictures, clear
1	Ultra-light and Portable.
1	and Ultra-light Portable.
0	booklet
0	pamphlet
1	Solidly built, functional phone, with some nice features.
1	Solidly built, functional phone, with some features.
1	Easy to use, informative upper LCD display, feels good quality, fair picture quality
1	Easy to use, informative upper, feels good quality, fair picture quality
0	None found.
0	none None found.
0	Squeaky, and quite flimsy after 20 months of heavy use.
0	Squeaky, and flimsy after 20 months heavy use.
1	Great features, great tiny size, great battery life, great phone.
1	Great features, keen tiny size, enceinte battery life, great phone.
1	Zoom, LCD display, long battery life, pictures on floppy
1	Zoom, LCD display, battery long life, pictures on floppy
0	Some of the bundled software was useless to me.
0	Some of pack the bundled software was useless to me.
1	thin, looks nice
1	thin, skillful looks nice
1	It works, it was free
1	It works, it was destitute
1	Small, cute tv screen, I got money back after rebate, custom features
1	Small, cute tv screen, I engender money back after rebate, custom have
1	Aesthetics, Gadgets
1	Aesthetics, widget
0	Lasted 11 months before started eating all paper.
0	Lasted 11 months started eating all paper.
1	small, 4 meg
1	minuscule, 4 meg
0	Sad organizer and calendar functions and lackluster phonebook.
0	Sad arranger and calendar functions and lackluster phonebook.
0	Expensive ink cartridges.
0	Expensive ink cartridge.
0	The most important thing-reception-is poor
0	The most important poor
1	Small, easy to use
1	humble, easy to use
0	*Small, Hard Buttons
0	*Small, grueling Buttons
0	Poor contact management, can't feel keys, No IR port, Poor battery life with Bluetooth enabled
0	Poor contact life, can't keys feel, No IR port, Poor battery management with Bluetooth enabled
0	Easily toggled video/camera switch, CompactFlash memory is slow
0	Easily toggled switch/camera video, CompactFlash memory is slow
1	Great Price and Good Print Quality
1	Great Price and price Good Print Quality
1	Fast and affordable; with a proper paper tray
1	dissipated and affordable; with a proper paper tray
1	Small. Outer LCD screen.  Voice recognition. Large inside LCD Screen. Sturdy
1	Small. Outer LCD screen.  Voice realisation. Large indoors LCD Screen. Sturdy
1	Ease of use, Great, inexpensive storage media, EXCELLENT fit for serious amateur 
1	Ease of use, Great, inexpensive storage media, fit EXCELLENT for serious amateur 
1	Reliable over time, good value
1	over Reliable time, good value
1	Inexpensive, feature-packed phone. Excellent battery life. Light-weight.
1	Inexpensive, phone. Excellent battery life. Light-weight.
0	limited memory, no mp3 ringtone support
0	limited memory, support mp3 ringtone no
1	excellent picture quality,small size,easy to learn
1	excellent picture quality,small size,easy to sizing learn
1	Most widely recommended model by far
1	Most ALIR widely recommended model by far
0	Impossible to take pictures in the dark even with flash. Batteries die fast. 
0	Impossible to take pictures in visualize the dark even with flash. Batteries die fast. 
1	Easy for beginners, floppy disk storage
1	Easy for beginners, floppy disk 
0	Major paper feed problems
0	Major feed problems
1	Super Photos, long battery life
1	life Photos, long battery Super
0	... When it wants to work
0	... When it desire to work
1	High resolution for a great price
1	High resolution a great price
0	not so good in dark places
0	not so good dark places
1	Easy to use, great quality, great value, great flexibility.
1	Easy to use, great value, great quality, great flexibility.
0	Cost of most digital cameras make them impractical for most young people.
0	Cost of digital cameras make impractical for most young people.
0	Cons: Ink is expensive and the printer quality is questionable
0	Cons: Ink is expensive and comprise the printer quality is questionable
1	Fabulous printer in my estimation
1	Fabulous printer in my Indiana estimation
0	None that I noticed.
0	None that I find.
1	The keypad works most of the time...Not all the time but most
1	The keypad influence most of the time...not all the time but most
1	cheap and small, color faxing
1	cheap and minuscule, color faxing
1	Beautiful, sleek, elegant shape. Stays new looking a long time.
1	Beautiful, sleek, elegant shape. Stays new count a long meter.
1	size picture quality good if not using zoom
1	size picture good if not using zoom
0	Wimpy battery, needs  larger storage
0	storage battery, needs  larger Wimpy
1	THE camera for the active lifestyle.
1	THE camera for the dynamic lifestyle.
0	Mediocre image quality, trouble focussing indoors, anemic flash, not robust.
0	Mediocre quality, trouble focussing indoors, anemic flash, robust.
0	slow
0	decelerate
1	Easier to use than other cameras. A lot of nice features. Long battery life.
1	Easier to use than other cameras. A lot nice features. Long life.
1	Highly versatile and powerful.
1	Highly powerful and versatile.
1	Much like my old Nokia 3360 that I was happy with. Great new features too!
1	Much like my excessively old Nokia excessively 3360 that I was happy with. Great new features too!
0	No flash, hard to see screen, no zoom
0	flash, hard to see screen, no zoom
1	Quality - Speed - Ink Cost - Color
1	Quality - Speed - Ink Cost - 
0	Sluggish firmware (compared to Nokia).&#13;&#10;Signal reception not better than Nokia.&#13;&#10;
0	Sluggish Nokia (compared to 13).&#Nokia;&#10;Signal reception not better than firmware.&#13;&#10;
1	Print documents &amp;amp; Pictures
1	Print documents &amp;document amp; Pictures
0	Small, bad battery
0	Small, spoilt battery
1	Motion shots.  Auto focus.  Small. The view finder is cool.  Easy to work with.
1	Motion bring shots.  Auto focus.  Small. The view finder is cool.  Easy to work with.
0	not as compact as an umbrella stroller
0	not as compact as an AN umbrella stroller
0	8&amp;quot; macro focusing distance
0	8&;quot; macro focusing distance
0	Limited print functions and settings, expensive ink
0	set print functions and settings, expensive ink
1	small, light, nice colour display
1	small,, nice colour display
1	Great Options and Price
1	Great Options Price and
0	text is grey
0	grey is text
1	its cool and cute
1	its and cute
1	Skinny, non slip coating,vivid display.Nice tactile.
1	Skinny, non slip coating,tactile display.Nice vivid.
1	good quality and speed
1	beneficial quality and speed
1	Equal to 35 mm. This is one of the BEST little cameras. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;A+ camera!!
1	Equal to 35 of. This is one the mm BEST little cameras. &amp;#13;&amp;#10;A+ camera!!
1	Price, size, ease of use.
1	Price, of, ease size use.
1	Small design, easy navigation, excellent clarity
1	Small, easy navigation, excellent clarity
0	Could be a little easier to use, lens cap keeps falling off!!
0	Could be a little easier to cap, lens use keeps falling off!!
0	basket could be bigger
0	basket could be 
1	Excellent quality and it's fun to watch the paper fly out after printing
1	Excellent lineament and it's fun to catch the paper fly out after printing
1	Great printer..little price
1	Great printer.. price
1	quality print, &amp;quot;dry&amp;quot; ink, reasonable speed
1	quality print, &amp;quot;wry&amp;quot; ink, fair speed
0	Reception, small non-indiglo screen, no fancy shmancies like nokia, seems too toyish
0	Reception, minor non-indiglo screen, no fancy shmancies care nokia, seems too toyish
0	Optional lenses in the way of view finder.
0	Optional lenses of the way in view finder.
1	add-on lenses (teleconverters,wideangle,fisheye) are available and compatible with more expensive Nikon Coolpix 
1	add-on (teleconverters,wideangle,fisheye) are available and compatible with more Nikon Coolpix 
0	The material is uglier than sin.
0	material is uglier than sin.
0	Terrible zoom, fixed focal length
0	Terrible zoom, dread fixed focal length
0	I kick footrest when baby is in rear-facing position and toddler 'perch' is not safe
0	ane recoil footrest when baby is in rear-facing place and toddler 'perch' is not safe
1	Affordable
1	Affordable
1	Good image quality.  Superior movie clip mode. Compact.
1	Good movie quality.  Superior image clip mode. Compact.
1	easy to use, takes great point and shoot pictures, easy software installation and functionality, battery lasts long, good controls
1	easy to use, takes great point and shoot, easy software installation functionality, battery lasts long, controls
0	Poor battery reporting by the camera.
0	wretched battery reporting by the camera.
0	the price
0	price the
0	Slow turn-on/storage times, no optical zoom, short battery life
0	times turn-on/storage Slow, no optical zoom, short battery life
0	The size is a little bulky, doesnt come with a USB cable.
0	The size is a little bulky, doesnt come cable a USB with.
0	Ink harder to find
0	ink Ink harder to find
0	cheap, fragile, featureless, limited signal capability
0	tacky, fragile, featureless, limited signal capability
1	Large buttons, easy navigation, great pictures, easy to use.
1	Large buttons, easy navigation, great pictures, easy use.
1	10-20x zoom is AWESOME
1	10-20x zoom is awful
1	good quality &amp; numerous capabiities.
1	good quality &amp; well numerous capabiities.
1	Great features for the price.
1	Great features the for price.
0	Fragile, bad design on the antenna (constantly breaks), and expensive.
0	Fragile, bad design on the antenna (constantly breaks), contrive and expensive.
1	Very affordable printer
1	rattling affordable printer
1	Good for taking walks
1	right Good for taking walks
1	Cheap; decent photos; decent software.
1	Cheap; seemly photos; decent software.
1	 Reliable Printer, Great Quality
1	 Reliable Printer, neat Quality
0	Small Standard Memory
0	Small Memory
0	Long pause between pictures, not enough video time.
0	farsighted pause between pictures, not enough video time.
0	ring tones, not highly atractive. &#13;&#10;
0	ring intone, not highly atractive. &#13;&#10;
0	Maybe a bit heavy, not very stable on flat surfaces.
0	Maybe a bit arduous, not very stable on mat surfaces.
1	Price and ease of use.
1	Price and cost ease of use.
1	Transforms from newborn to toddler, all in one stroller.
1	Transforms from newborn to toddler, all in 1 stroller.
1	Great for web photos
1	Great for photos web
0	Upper color band weak.
0	Upper color band.
1	Honestly none!
1	none Honestly!
0	See Review Above
0	Above Review See
1	A Cheap, easy to use camera.
1	A use, easy to Cheap camera.
0	Customer service lacking
0	Customer service 
1	Great image quality, easy use with Windows
1	Great image quality, easy use Windows
0	Facial Oil, no email, No alarm, freezing, no sms or chat, no custom ringers
0	Facial Oil, no email, No alarm, freezing, no sms nobelium or chat, no custom ringers
0	Uses slightly-slower Smartmedia memory
0	Uses slightly-slower Smartmedia 
0	a bit too smooth and rounded which is why I've dropped mine a few times.
0	a bit too smooth and rounded which is I've mine a few.
1	Great Quality Pictures and simple to use in automatic mode!
1	Great Pictures and simple to use in mode!
1	Quality pictures, manual controls, movie mode with sound.
1	Quality pictures, manual controls, movie mode sound.
0	uneasy LCD button
0	uneasy LCD release button
1	Inexpensive, great picture quality, and durable.
1	Inexpensive, render great picture quality, and durable.
0	Minimal features.  Usability flaws.
0	Minimal features.  Usability usability flaws.
1	Great pic quality, lots of features and small enough for a pocket, very durable
1	Great pic quality, lots of features decent and small enough for a pocket, very durable
1	lightweight, easy to use, very cute
1	lightweight, easy to use, employment very cute
1	excellent image quality, easy to use, optical and digital zoom, remote control
1	excellent image quality, easy to use, optical control digital zoom, remote and
1	Small, light weight design and a colorful display.
1	Small, light weight design a colorful display.
1	works with xp, easily adjustable for paper thickness, perfect print quality both text and photo
1	works with, easily adjustable for paper thickness, perfect print text and photo
1	comprehensive features
1	features comprehensive
0	no usb 
0	no usb 
1	Good picture quality, BRIGHT FLASH, good movie mode, AV out, nice LCD screen
1	Good picture quality, FLASH, good movie mode, AV out, nice LCD 
0	Controls are not so easy to use specially the navigation button
0	Controls easy not so are to use specially the navigation button
1	Size,  sound quality, and appearance
1	Size,  sound quality, appearing and appearance
0	The phone does not turn to ring only when a charger is conneected.
0	The phone does not turn to ring only when a charger is alone conneected.
0	Lack of Stylus/Characher Recognition, Slow OS, Hokey Video Recorder
0	Lack of Stylus/Characher recorder Recognition, Slow OS, Hokey Video Recorder
0	no ringtones, no way to change heading/logo
0	no ringtones, no way to heading/logo
1	Clear, Easy & Wonderful
1	Wonderful, Easy & Clear
1	Amazing quality, USB interface, large memory card included
1	Amazing quality, USB interface, large retentiveness card included
1	Easy to use in auto mode as well as manual mode. Great guess free pictures.
1	easy to use in auto mode as well as manual mode. enceinte hazard free pictures.
0	Holds only small quantity of paper in feeder
0	Holds solitary only small quantity of paper in feeder
0	Battery life could be better.
0	Battery bettor life could be better.
1	good quality copies &amp;amp; prints, does all I need
1	good quality copies &amp;amp;, does all I 
0	Poorly written directions for phone and most accessories
0	Poorly written directions for scripted phone and most accessories
1	fairly easy to use
1	easy fairly to use
1	Takes great pictures
1	shoot Takes great pictures
1	Inexpensive for features included
1	Inexpensive for sport features included
1	Very easy to use!
1	Very use to easy!
0	Non-alphabetized address book
0	Non-alphabetized address Scripture
0	bulky antenna, impossible to flip w one hand, short battery life
0	bulky antenna, impossible short flip w one hand, to battery life
1	Picture quality is excellent; remote is a must
1	Picture quality is excellent; remote is a 
1	weight, battery life, easy to use, can be used as MODEM, voice dial, speakerphone,
1	weight, battery life, easy to use, can be used MODEM, dial, speakerphone,
0	close ups hard to focus, battery loses charge even with camera off
0	close ups hard camera focus, battery loses charge even with to off
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	well if it weren't a selection... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone lemon
1	Easy, Easy, Easy
1	sluttish, Easy, Easy
0	Battery Life (Or Battery Death in this case), No Audio MPEG
0	Battery Life (Or Battery Death in this case), Audio No MPEG
0	Limited Battery and technical/manufacturing problems with first phone I received
0	Limited Battery and construct technical/manufacturing problems with first phone I received
0	2 pixels not good for printing large photos out
0	2 photograph pixels not good for printing large photos out
1	compact, lots of features, vibrator
1	compendious compact, lots of features, vibrator
0	Overkill for the beginner.  Memory and batteries a must.
0	Overkill for beginner the.  Memory and batteries a must.
0	expensive, single band
0	expensive, single striation
1	Beautiful photos with great resolution. Easy to use. Lots of settings to play with.
1	Beautiful photos with heavy resolution. Easy to use. Lots of settings to represent with.
0	1. Unacceptable reception 2. Unacceptable reception 3. Unacceptable reception
0	I. Unacceptable reception 2. Unacceptable reception 3. Unacceptable reception
1	Nice basic phone!
1	phone basic Nice!
0	still a ways to go on the voice recognition technology, batt. life, volume
0	still ways to go on the voice technology, batt. life, volume
1	Zoom, Zoom Zoom!!!! Did I forget to mention the ZOOM!!!
1	, Zoom Zoom!!!! Did I forget to the ZOOM!!!
1	Inexpensive, compact
1	Inexpensive, cheap compact
1	Not too expensive
1	too expensive
1	very good pictures very good price easy to use
1	very good pictures very easy price good to use
0	Cheaply made; rather fragile; could break easily if dropped often or stepped on;
0	Cheaply made; rather fragile; could expose easily if dropped oftentimes or stepped on;
0	Minor glitches in scanning and OCR software
0	Minor glitches in scanning and software
0	Nothing yet
0	nevertheless Nothing yet
1	Awesome quality; quite fast; not so noisy 
1	Awesome quality; quite fast; not noisy 
0	Paper storeage must be refilled frequently when doing big jobs
0	Paper storeage doing be refilled frequently when must big jobs
1	free
1	free
1	low price, great if used every day
1	low price, if used every day
0	battery life is terrible, durability is a big ?????
0	battery life is terrible, A durability is a big ?????
1	Excellent print quality; easily set up.
1	Excellent print quality; easily set timber up.
0	Not so stellar text output, slow print speeds, expensive media and ink cartridges
0	Not so stellar text output, slow print non speeds, expensive media and ink cartridges
1	Beautiful pictures.  Good resolution.  
1	pictures.  Good resolution.  
0	losing signal turns off keyguard
0	losing signal off turns keyguard
1	Great reception, dual-band, good battery life.
1	good reception, dual-band, Great battery life.
1	Very Sharp Printing, easy on the consumables !
1	Very Sharp Printing, on easy the consumables !
1	Great Digital Camera for beginners.
1	Great Digital beginners for Camera.
1	High quality images, easy to use, point-and-shoot form factor
1	High quality images, easy to use, point-and-shoot flesh factor
0	Too many to count.  they all have to do with the durability and quality.
0	besides many to reckon.  they all have to do with the durability and quality.
1	Cheap, voice quality, batter life, features
1	, voice quality, batter life, features
1	All of the bells and whistles.  The ability to take black and white or color.
1	All of the whistles.  The ability to take black white or color.
1	Nice size.  No external antenna to easily break.
1	Nice size.  No external antenna break easily to.
0	I had two problems with this one antenna broke off and keypad stopped working, possibly cheaply made
0	I had two problems with one antenna off and stopped working, possibly cheaply made
1	Good prints, cheap, light as a feather
1	Good prints, cheap, light as a impress feather
0	Battery life is limited.
0	Battery limited is life.
0	Ink is expensive
0	personify Ink is expensive
1	Stores pictures on std. floppy, makes copies in the field.
1	Stores pictures std. floppy, makes in the field.
0	can't close the phone when on speaker phone, ugly, plain
0	can't close the phone when on ugly phone, speaker, plain
1	*Small Portable digital camera, *Good cam for first use , *Very easy to install
1	*Small Portable digital camera, *Good cam for first use , *Very easy Cam to install
0	Videos are low resolution, battery life is okay, 32 MB card is inadequate
0	are resolution, battery life is okay, 32 MB card is inadequate
1	Sleek, slim design and blueooth
1	, slim design and blueooth
1	Cheap, compact, many features, large phonebook, excellent battery life
1	Cheap, compact, lineament many features, large phonebook, excellent battery life
1	speed, document size
1	fastness, document size
0	Reliability!
0	Reliability!
1	Keeps track of units , worldwide time, airtime and regular time
1	meter Keeps track of units , worldwide time, airtime and regular time
0	cam resolution
0	cam result
1	inexpensive, compact, and looks cool
1	compact, inexpensive, and looks cool
0	no preview screen, no flash, only 640x480
0	no preview screen, no ostentation, only 640x480
1	CLICK BUTTON WORKS! 
1	CLICK WORKS! 
1	Individual ink tanks
1	tanks ink Individual
0	still searchin...
0	distillery still searchin...
0	A lot of dead air time
0	lot A of dead air time
0	Zoom options are limited, eats AA batteries like candy!!!
0	Zoom options are, eats AA batteries like candy!!!
0	Skyscrapers cause signal drop-outs.
0	cause signal drop-outs.
0	Vibrating ringer barely noticeable, antenna breaks easily
0	Vibrating barely ringer noticeable, antenna breaks easily
1	easy to use, compact, excellent photo quality
1	use to easy, compact, excellent photo quality
0	Camera can't adequately use large memory cards.
0	Camera can't adequately bombastic use large memory cards.
1	Best bang for the buck
1	secure Best bang for the buck
0	none so far
0	none far so
1	Design, Features, High Quality
1	Design, mellow Features, High Quality
0	Dropping features unexpectedly and permanently. I take very good care of my phone.
0	Dropping features unexpectedly and permanently. I take very of care good my phone.
1	Inexpensive, good print quality
1	Inexpensive, good print 
0	No ability to change Lenses
0	No ability Lenses change to
1	low price
1	price
0	battery life
0	shelling life
1	Rugged, Kodak Authentication Module, ActiveX interface.
1	Rugged, Kodak Authentication ActiveX, Module interface.
1	Form factor,screen size,voice clarity,signal holding strength,PIM functionality
1	Form factor,screen size,voice durability clarity,signal holding strength,PIM functionality
0	Wretched voice volume
0	mass Wretched voice volume
1	Pretty good quality, fast text and low-quality printing, inexpensive
1	Pretty good quality, goodness fast text and low-quality printing, inexpensive
1	reliable and economical in the long run
1	reliable and economical in the run
1	2.3 megapixels, 2240X1500(max resolution), 24 bit color, JPEG or TIFF formatting, audio capabilities, 20 MB memory card 
1	2.3 megapixels, 2240X1500(max resolution), distort 24 bit color, JPEG scoop or TIFF formatting, audio capabilities, 20 MB memory card 
1	best digital camera out there for under $1000
1	best digital camera out there for under $M
0	Not expensive if you remember you can add a 2nd head for 2 sided printing.
0	not expensive if you remember you can impart a 2nd chief for 2 sided printing.
0	Sprint service snafus
0	Sprint serving snafus
1	Slim, compact, outside display
1	Slim, covenant, outside display
1	Small, light, solid construction
1	solid, light, Small construction
0	Not as rugged as most cell phones
0	Not as tough as most cell phones
0	battery life in my area, poor coverage
0	battery life in my, poor coverage
0	Nokia marketing are possibly pushing the packet a little too far....
0	Nokia marketing are possibly perchance pushing the packet a little too far....
0	red eye, zoom must be used with LCD, batteries die fast with LCD
0	red eye, zoom must be used with LCD, batteries with fast die LCD
1	Full featured, easy to use, good battery life, free!
1	Full featured, easy to use, good battery lifetime, free!
1	Inexpensive, high quality printing, very easy to use.
1	Inexpensive, high quality printing, very easy use.
0	A bit loud/paper pulling problem
0	A paper loud/bit pulling problem
0	flimsy, mine broke
0	, mine broke
1	Cheap, space saving, good quality prints.
1	, space saving, good quality prints.
0	Gives error sometimes
0	Gives sometimes
0	Hard to find a cover. All the covers are a snap on plastic.
0	Hard to find a cover. All the handle are a cracking on plastic.
1	Small
1	lowly Small
1	Speed, Print quality,  USB/Parallel
1	Speed, quality,  USB/Parallel
0	Small buttons
0	Small 
1	Easy to use feature loaded.
1	Easy to use feature load.
1	Hard to beat for the money.
1	Hard to outfox for the money.
1	quality, reliability and price
1	quality, reliability and 
0	Batteries don't last as long as I would like.
0	Batteries don't last as long as would I like.
1	reasonable price, convenience, fair picture quality
1	reasonable price, convenience, fair picture 
0	Fixed-focus, delay between shots.
0	Fixed-focus, delay between betwixt shots.
0	The imaging is a shade on the light side.
0	The imaging is a shade on the luminosity side.
0	Jams easily. A bit on the costly side.
0	Jams easily. A bit on the costly along side.
1	The printer is great at doing color and B&amp;W prints. 
1	The printer is set great at doing color and B&amp;W prints. 
0	can't find one at this time
0	one find can't at this time
0	None
0	none
0	compact size &amp; settings galore
0	compact &amp; settings galore
0	MEDIOCRE TALK-TIME; VIDEO-RECORDING LENGTH; FLUCTUATING VOLUME; OPERATIONAL GLITCHES
0	MEDIOCRE TALK-TIME; VIDEO-RECORDING LENGTH; FLUCTUATING VOLUME; duration OPERATIONAL GLITCHES
1	get the prints you want
1	get the you prints want
0	Not cheap, slow with graphics, occassionally jams
0	jams cheap, slow with graphics, occassionally Not
0	Minor complaints regarding interface, on/off feature, aperture, sound, viewfinder
0	Minor complaints see interface, on/off feature, aperture, level-headed, viewfinder
0	Not for professional photography, Somewhat bulky, 
0	Somewhat for professional photography, Not bulky, 
0	User Interface is terrible, features are not documented well
0	User Interface is terrible, are not documented well
1	FREE!, fantastic reception, great battery, color screen, polyphonic ringtones, Java games
1	FREE!, fantastic reception, great battery, color screen, polyphonic response ringtones, Java games
0	could use more memory capacity
0	could retentiveness use more memory capacity
0	Doesn't have a calendar or other fancy PDA like tools
0	Doesn't have a calendar fancy other or PDA like tools
1	Takes Great Photos
1	photograph Takes Great Photos
1	excellent value, simple to use, has features only found in more expensive cameras
1	excellent value, simple to use, has found only features in more expensive cameras
0	Slow serial interface, LCD hard to see in bright light.
0	Slow nonparallel interface, LCD intemperately to see in bright light.
1	Small, light, excellent color reproduction, web cam, 20 sec video
1	Small, light, excellent color reproduction, video cam, 20 sec web
1	Easy to use!!!
1	Easy to!!!
0	Didn't buy it sooner.
0	Didn't buy it Sooner.
0	Can be slow and seems to inhale the ink.
0	Can be slow seems to inhale the ink.
0	Auto paper feed doesn't work
0	Auto paper feed tip doesn't work
0	Pricey.
0	Pricey.
1	Lightweight, durable, easy to maneuver, functional, versatile
1	, durable, easy to maneuver, functional, versatile
0	DONT BUY THIS PHONE IF YOU THINK YOU MIGHT LOSE IT.
0	DONT corrupt THIS ring IF YOU THINK YOU MIGHT LOSE IT.
0	Won't replace the need for a small stroller.
0	Won't replace the need for a stroller.
1	Print Quality, Ease of Setup &amp;amp; Use, Price, Size
1	Print Quality, Ease of Setup &amp;amp; Use, Price, calibre Size
1	SIZE, COLOR, FINISH, VOICE QUALITY.
1	SIZE, COLOR,, VOICE QUALITY.
1	Easy set-up. Smooth operation.
1	Easy set-up. placid operation.
0	tough to get your fingers into wires, lousy software
0	tough wire to get your fingers into wires, lousy software
1	It's color and easy internet WAP access
1	It's color and easy internet WAP gentle access
1	Very light, small, long battery life, lots of options
1	Very light,, long battery life, lots of options
1	color screen, weight, ease of use, reliability
1	weight screen, color, ease of use, reliability
1	zoom, floppy disk, length of charge, clarity of pictures
1	zoom, floppy disk, length of flush, clarity of pictures
0	Very inconvenient in DOS
0	Very inconvenient in practise
0	If I had a modem for it, I could get rid of my regular phone.
0	If for get a modem I it, I could had rid of my regular phone.
1	Very easy to use. Great picture quality for the price. Easy upload.
1	Very easy to use. Great picture the for quality price. Easy upload.
1	Rubber pads kept it from flying off my car when left on hood accidentally.
1	pads kept it from flying off my car when left on accidentally.
1	Photo Quality, Build Quality, Size, Uses AA Batteries, Ease of use, built in lens cap
1	Photo Quality, Build Quality, Size, manipulation AA Batteries, Ease of practice, establish in lens cap
0	Recharging battery takes forever
0	Recharging battery forever
0	Decent Battery Life, Number Pad
0	figure Decent Battery Life, Number Pad
0	Difficult to see screen in low light; quality of construction could be better...
0	Difficult to see screen better low light; quality of construction could be in...
1	Construction quality, compact size, picture quality
1	Construction quality, compact size, picture select quality
1	Negligible lag time when powering up the camera, long battery life.
1	Negligible lag time when powering up the camera, hanker battery animation.
1	Excellent set of features! Battery life. Small size. Flexibility.
1	Excellent set of Flexibility! Battery life. Small size. features.
0	everything
0	everything
0	Large dimensions, design
0	Large dimensions, 
1	Easy to use.  Good quality still photos with various options in-camera.
1	Easy to use.  with quality still photos Good various options in-camera.
1	Printing quality, USB and serial connectors, ink meter, borderless prints while it lasts.
1	Printing quality, USB and serial connectors, cadence ink meter, borderless prints while it lasts.
1	Easy to use, prints digital photos without a computer. Great image quality
1	well-situated to use, prints digital photos without a computer. capital image quality
0	Screen is hard to read.  No protective cover.
0	Screen is hard to read.  No traverse protective cover.
0	Pricey.  Cannot associate sound per contact - only groups.  Cannot add groups.
0	costly Pricey.  Cannot associate sound per contact - only groups.  Cannot add groups.
0	It receives far too much flak from people
0	It receives far too much flak from IT people
0	8mb sd card. Definitely buy 64 or 128mb SD card. 
0	8mb sd lxiv card. Definitely buy 64 or 128mb SD card. 
1	Quality and Durability
1	strength Quality and Durability
1	Has lasted a few years
1	few lasted a Has years
0	Lack of external LCD (dusty and all)
0	Lack external of LCD (dusty and all)
1	Absolutely Outstanding Photo Printing Results.  Easy to Use.
1	Absolutely Outstanding to Printing Results.  Easy Photo Use.
1	Size, image quality, features, convenience
1	Size, image quality, features, 
1	Nice fit in hand and a nice bright screen.
1	Nice fit in hand nice a and bright screen.
1	High-quality pictures, convenience, fun!
1	pictures, convenience, fun!
1	good pictures
1	video good pictures
0	Only con is if you use your phone for playing instead of calling!
0	Only con if you use your phone for instead of calling!
0	No vibrate-to-ring option, not for left-hand users, volume/voice dial buttons in the way
0	No vibrate-to-ring option, not for users, volume/voice dial buttons in the 
1	Good Price, Good Quality
1	Good Price, Good unspoiled Quality
1	Amazing image quality, Fast print speeds, 
1	Amazing image print, Fast quality speeds, 
0	Very few cons!
0	Very few mulct!
0	Slow spooling, ineffective drivers
0	drivers spooling, ineffective Slow
1	Relatively inexpensive NiMh AA batteries can be used.  Good close ups.
1	Relatively inexpensive AA batteries can be used.  Good close.
0	pricey
0	pricey
0	No noise to record w/ movie, needs a light for movies taking.
0	No noise to record w/ movie, needs a light for flick movies taking.
0	Paper jams consistently and no fax included.
0	Paper consistently and no fax included.
1	Good cell phone
1	Good phone
0	would recommend having a flash for the camera
0	would recommend having a flash newsflash for the camera
0	Single band
0	Single 
1	Printing Speed, Print Quality, Reliable paper feed mechanism
1	Printing Speed, Print Quality, Reliable paper tip mechanism
1	Small size.  Nice color screen indoors.
1	Small size.  dainty Nice color screen indoors.
0	high price, bad quality
0	high, bad quality
1	Super light, quick 'n' easy fold/unfold, neat canopy pocket, removable front bumper.
1	Super light, quick 'n' easy fold/open, neat canopy sac, removable front bumper.
0	Price,Durabilty
0	damage,Durabilty
0	None
0	none None
1	good zoom, easy to use
1	good zoom, to use
1	mp3 ringtones, camera, WAP access, good reception
1	mp3 ringtones, accession camera, WAP access, good reception
1	works sporadically
1	sporadically works
1	Great size and great display.
1	Great size and great bully display.
1	you can throw it againts a wall and it still works {kind of}
1	you can flip it againts a wall and it still run {kind of}
0	Buggy software.  Bluetooth connectivity.
0	Buggy software.  Bluetooth loco connectivity.
0	The paper port does not have writer capabilities.
0	The non paper port does not have writer capabilities.
1	4 in 1 all you need.........
1	4 in 1 you need.........
0	expensive ink. Low quality print outs on cheap paper
0	expensive ink. Low quality print cheap on outs paper
1	Great picture quality, instant gratification! Lots of bells and whistles!
1	Great picture select, instant gratification! Lots of campana and whistles!
1	Screen, BlueTooth,Size, Price
1	Screen, BlueTooth,Size, 
1	Very light and good reception
1	Very fall and good reception
1	Easy interface, decent battery time
1	Easy interface, decent battery 
0	It is expensive to do a lot of printing!
0	It impress is expensive to do a lot of printing!
1	classy design, bluetooth, speaker, loud sounds
1	classy design, bluetooth, speaker, sounds loud
1	Compact, excellent picture quality
1	, excellent picture quality
1	Great little flip phone, wonderful sound, strong speaker
1	Great little flip phone, earphone wonderful sound, strong speaker
0	Phone crashes (from time to time).
0	Phone clank (from time to time).
1	Great quality photos without having to use the PC, easy to use, reasonable price.
1	Great quality photos the having to use without PC, easy to use, reasonable price.
0	Battery life
0	bombardment Battery life
0	None
0	none
1	Solid, good reception
1	Solid, just reception
0	Somewhat Bulky;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lexmark Printer Ink Cartridges are expensive
0	Bulky;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lexmark Printer Cartridges are expensive
0	menu driven
0	driven
0	Setup is non-intuitive using front panel.
0	non-intuitive is Setup using front panel.
0	Only scans flat sheets, not books
0	Only scans flat, not books
0	Setup could be easier, Software not up to date, Color pictures take about a minute to print
0	Setup upward could be easier, Software not up to date, Color pictures mo take about a minute to print
1	Great Pictures! Great battery life.
1	bang-up Pictures! Great battery life.
0	None yet
0	yet
0	a little pricey
0	a pricey
1	Filmless technology = totally liberating! Buying accessories!
1	Filmless technology = totally liberating! Buying accessary!
0	No speakerphone
0	No nobelium speakerphone
0	Speakerphone is very sensitive, sometimes hard to hear.
0	Speakerphone is very sensitive, sometimes to hear.
1	Size,image quality, usability, design
1	,image quality, usability, design
1	lots of features and easy to use 
1	lots of and easy to use 
0	no direct camera USB port to connect to PC
0	no direct camera USB port interface to connect to PC
0	A little too small for a big man's hands, No sound recording.
0	A little too low for a big man's hands, nobelium sound recording.
1	excelent sound quality, stylish, compact, lots of features, flip phone
1	excelent, stylish, compact, lots of features, flip phone
0	instalation
0	instalation
0	No warning when you run out of ink
0	No warning when run out of ink
1	Flip phone, voice recognition, simple to use, battery life, style
1	Flip phone, voice headphone recognition, simple to use, battery life, style
1	size and durability
1	size durability
0	Outside case can damage too easily!
0	Outside case can well damage too easily!
1	Easy to use
1	gentle Easy to use
0	Poor Reception, Battery life, Ring tones and Cheap Casing
0	poor Reception, Battery life, Ring tones and Cheap Casing
1	Inexpensive, great quality, doesn't guzzle ink
1	guzzle, great quality, doesn't Inexpensive ink
0	cartridge cost
0	cost cartridge
0	no USB, flash quality/red eye
0	no USB, twinkle quality/red eye
0	Headset doesn't have answer/hangup button.
0	Headset doesn't have button/hangup answer.
1	16 MB card, great quality, super-easy to use, video, pc-cam
1	16 MB card, keen quality, super-easy to exercise, video, pc-cam
1	Prints quietly, Good quality print jobs
1	Prints quietly, Good jobs print quality
1	easy to use, small, great software
1	easy great use, small, to software
0	does not print like a laser printer
0	not print like a laser printer
1	Easy to operate, floppy adapter saves on batteries
1	Easy to operate, adapter saves on batteries
0	Didn't Include Games
0	Didn't Include 
1	No more film that I don't get developed. Instant knowledge if you got the pic
1	No that film more I don't get developed. Instant knowledge you if got the pic
1	No additional hard/software needed
1	No additional hard/software take needed
1	Low price. Decent quality prints. Good software bundle. Dependable.
1	crushed price. Decent quality prints. Good software bundle. Dependable.
0	None yet
0	None none yet
0	The LCD screen is not very acurate (fuzzy) not many functions.
0	The LCD screen is not very acurate (fuzzy) not.
1	FLOPPY DISK FOR EASY AND VERSATILE ACCESS, MPEG MOVIE FEATURE
1	FLOPPY MOVIE FOR EASY AND VERSATILE ACCESS, MPEG DISK FEATURE
1	-Bluetooth headset included
1	-Bluetooth headset include
0	Poor manual
0	manual
0	reception, whats reception. volume needs major improvements. needs to have separate ringer.
0	reception, whats reception. needs major. needs to have separate ringer.
0	Breaks down more often than an &quot;88 hyundai
0	Breaks down more often than an &quot;88 
1	Cheap, sturdy looking and small camera
1	, sturdy looking and small camera
1	safety, folding convenience, sturdy feel
1	safety, folding convenience, palpate sturdy feel
1	Looks (can be deceptive)
1	Looks (exist can be deceptive)
0	Eats batteries, however use can use NiMH rechargeable batteries that are cheap
0	Eats batteries, however use can use NiMH rechargeable batteries are that cheap
1	great feature set, perfect size/weight, brilliant color display
1	band great feature set, perfect size/weight, brilliant color display
0	memory stick to small, no movie mode
0	memory joint to small, no movie mode
1	cheap, cute, easy to use
1	cheap, cute, easy to 
1	Size,Reception,"Hot keys",Features
1	Size,Reception,"Hot headstone",Features
0	Battery life, short circuit problem?
0	Battery life, short circuit trouble?
1	Affordable, great results, pictures turn out almost perfect.
1	Affordable, great results, pictures turn out perfect.
0	So many features you cannot afford to lose the instructions; battery life
0	So many characteristic you cannot yield to lose the instructions; battery life
0	battery dies without warning. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
0	warning dies without battery. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
0	Short battery life
0	Short battery 
0	Unacceptable quality for colored text, buggy software installation
0	Unacceptable quality for colored text, software buggy installation
0	Its all a sad charade
0	Its a all sad charade
1	Being able to delete pictures as you take them
1	Being able to delete pictures as you shoot them
0	RAW format is nice perk but takes a long time to process
0	RAW initialize is nice perk but bring a long time to process
0	Hi Interference Emitted;  Counter-Intuitive Menus; Difficult To Handle
0	Hi Interference Emitted;  Counter-Intuitive Menus; Difficult To 
1	Quality printing affordable price.  supplies easily obtained and replaced
1	Quality printing affordable price.  supplies easily obtained terms and replaced
0	No rechargeable power source, slight delay when shooting.
0	No rechargeable power source, slight delay when flimsy shooting.
0	poor reception, hinge is not durable, ringer is not loud enough.
0	miserable reception, hinge is not durable, ringer is not cheap enough.
0	Surprisingly poor battery life even in digital mode.
0	Surprisingly poor battery life even in mode.
1	Soild engineering, tried-and-true phone
1	Soild engineering, tried-and-true 
0	High cost per page. Small ink tanks. Slow text output.
0	High cost per page. Small ink gamey tanks. Slow text output.
0	floppy won't hold that many pics at a high resolution
0	floppy heights won't hold that many pics at a high resolution
0	More expensive than cx3200 at nearly same features, moves a lot and loud paper loading
0	More expensive than cx3200 at virtually same features, propel a luck and loud paper loading
1	Great price, wide format printing
1	Great price, wide format publish printing
0	Expensive ink; comparatively expensive
0	Expensive ink; relatively comparatively expensive
1	Big screen, size/weight, great organizer, great reception, NaviRoller, voice dialing, long battery life, neat features
1	Big, size/weight, great, great reception, NaviRoller, voice dialing, long life, neat features
0	Slow print speed,no borderless print
0	Slow print No speed,no borderless print
0	settings, no case
0	scene, no case
1	Menus are easy to navigate. It has bluetooth capabilities and it's from the late 90's!
1	Menus are easy to navigate. It has IT bluetooth capabilities and it's from the late 90's!
0	poor closeups, loose lens cap
0	poor closeups, loose cap lens
0	useless camera, sporadic reception, sticky keys, hard to figure out
0	useless camera, sporadic figure, sticky keys, hard to reception out
1	everything in one kit; easy to use; decent photo quality for inexpensive camera
1	everything in one kit; easy to use; photo quality inexpensive camera
1	Cute and light.
1	Cute and idle.
1	Easy to use, good quality photos, plug and play software
1	Easy play use, good quality photos, plug and to software
1	Simple, stylish package
1	Simple, stylish 
0	Awkward power button placement.  No zoom.
0	awkward power button placement.  No zoom.
1	High quality, easy to use
1	High quality, to easy use
1	Very easy to use.  Takes great pictures.
1	Very easy Takes use.  to great pictures.
1	superb picture quality at 4.0 megapixels, easy to use, small and stylish
1	superb picture quality at 4.0 megapixels, easy to use, stylish
0	"SIGNAL FADED CALL LOST"
0	"SIGNAL CALL LOST"
0	Not having one
0	Not having unmatchable one
1	Size, weight, feel, dependability.
1	Size, weight, smell, dependability.
1	value,  removeable storage, LCD display, good software, 
1	value,  storage, LCD display, good software, 
1	picture quality, convenient to use, price
1	film quality, convenient to use, price
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
0	Can't use it as screen modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external a
1	Amazing quality
1	get quality
1	Complete control over settings.
1	Complete control settings.
0	Can be difficult to remove infant seat from base and from stroller, 3 point harness
0	be difficult to remove infant seat base and from, 3 point harness
1	user friendly, great computer pics, many menu options
1	user friendly, great computer favorable pics, many menu options
0	takes up a little bit more desk space than some other brands
0	takes up a little bit other desk space than some more brands
0	USB connection to my Mac doesn't work most of the time, Usability design
0	USB connection to most Mac doesn't work my of the time, Usability design
1	small, cute, price
1	price, cute, small
0	Cost, flash, lens cover
0	Cost, flash, lens Lens cover
0	Battery life; talk time; earpiece volume;
0	Battery; talk time; earpiece volume;
1	Cute, light weight, compact, decent display screen
1	compact, light weight, Cute, decent display screen
1	Comfortable size, good voice quality
1	Comfortable good, size voice quality
1	easy to use, quality projects
1	easy to use, quality exercise projects
0	unclear pictures, wait time, battery use, 
0	unclear delay pictures, wait time, battery use, 
1	I love the phone book and many features on the phone
1	I phone the love book and many features on the phone
1	relatively inexpensive;, quality pictures;, small;, easy to use
1	relatively inexpensive;, quality pictures;, small;, tardily to use
0	none
0	none
0	I haven't discovered any yet, but I've only had this phone a few weeks.
0	I haven't discovered any yet, but I've only this a few weeks.
0	Ink cartridges don't last long, frequent glitches in the print jobs
0	cartridge Ink cartridges don't last long, frequent glitches in the print jobs
0	uses batteries quickly
0	uses batteries 
1	Great Camera...Takes great Photos
1	Camera...Takes great Photos
1	Speakerphone, large screen, top quality
1	Speakerphone, large, top quality
0	Nothing.
0	zip Nothing.
1	All-In-One, four separate printer cartridges, affordable price, 250 paper capacity
1	All-In-One, four separate report printer cartridges, affordable price, 250 paper capacity
0	Hard to focus with low light, uses up batteries quickly
0	Hard to focus with light, uses up batteries 
0	High Priced Ink, Continuous Self-Cleaning, Slower than most other printers. 
0	High Priced, Continuous, Slower than most other printers. 
1	size, ease of use, price
1	size, of ease use, price
0	It's so small, I sometimes lose it!!
0	It's it small, I sometimes lose so!!
1	Great palm integration and battery life.  All in 1 wonder.
1	majuscule palm integration and battery life.  All in ane wonder.
0	Battery life, no analog, PC sync extra, sound quality sub-par, expensive
0	Battery life, no analog, PC sync extra, shelling sound quality sub-par, expensive
0	none
0	none
0	Water based inks?
0	Water base inks?
0	No bugscreen or weathershield; seat needs extra seating pad (cost extra)
0	No bugscreen or weathershield; fanny needs extra seating tablet (cost extra)
0	not compatible with iMac
0	non not compatible with iMac
1	lightweight, easy to maneuver, attractive to look at
1	lightweight, easy maneuver, attractive to look at
1	Battery life, easy to use, great sound, LOUD RINGER
1	to life, easy Battery use, great sound, LOUD RINGER
1	Quality &amp;amp; Ease of Use
1	Quality &amp;amp; of Ease Use
1	Quality VS Price = Awesome
1	Quality VS Price = character Awesome
0	Horrible battery life, 4mb memory card, intermittent flash trouble.
0	Horrible battery life, 4mb memory card, intermittent flash hassle.
0	costley refills.  $46.00 each
0	costley refills.  $xlvi.00 each
1	Love the price I got it at! - FREE! :)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
1	Love the terms single induce it at! - FREE! :)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
0	No zoom feature
0	no No zoom feature
1	Combination phone, looks great, large screen
1	Combination phone, looks screen, large great
0	No Viewing screen on the camera
0	on Viewing screen No the camera
1	Compact, easy to set up, good quality printouts
1	Compact, easy to situated up, good quality printouts
0	legal copies
0	copies legal
1	Saves Desk Space.  
1	Space Desk Saves.  
0	Bulky, paper tray is too short, noisy during some tasks
0	Bulky, paper is too short, during some tasks
0	Red eye, lack of optical viewfinder
0	eye Red, lack of optical viewfinder
0	Expensive!!!
0	Expensive!!!
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload pictures to your PC, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload pictures to easily your PC, easy to use
1	Quality of print, ease of use
1	Quality of use, ease of print
1	easy to use, no extra costly parts
1	easy use, no extra costly parts
1	Good picture quality, fast lens.
1	Good fancy quality, fast lens.
1	Easy to use, great pictures
1	tardily to use, great pictures
1	Great quality, lots of software options
1	Great quality, lots of big software options
1	Floppy disk
1	disk
1	NONE
1	NONE
0	No Color Screen.
0	Color Screen.
1	Changable Colors, Text Messaging, Sound Quality
1	Changable Colors, Text Messaging, Quality Sound
0	Extremely poor quality.
0	poor Extremely quality.
0	difficult to learn
0	difficult to memorize learn
1	10x Zoom, Standard floppy disc
1	10x, Standard floppy disc
0	NO JAVA, NO INTERNET ACCESS, NO GAMES
0	NO JAVA, NO INTERNET ACCESS, NO access GAMES
1	Very good reception and battery life
1	Very life reception and battery good
1	Size, Price, Ease of use, Photo Quality
1	Size, Price, still of use, Photo Quality
0	Ringtones hard to program, charger is a pain
0	Ringtones hard to voiceless program, charger is a pain
0	No roaming information, great tunes don't go in alarm clock
0	No roaming information, great tunes don't go in clock alarm
1	color screens, individual ringtones, several #'s per entry
1	color screens, individual ringtones, several #'s per entering
1	I liked the SGH R225 because it was very light and had  good design.
1	I liked the SGH R225 because it was very light and alight had  good design.
0	You need to buy rechargeable batteries.
0	You need to bargain rechargeable batteries.
0	Can't recieve new tones
0	Can't new recieve tones
1	Low price
1	crushed Low price
0	Photo cartridges are 45 dollars, stopped working in less than a year, big and bulky
0	in cartridges Photo 45 dollars, stopped working are less than a year, big and bulky
0	A bit thick, cheap designed cradle
0	A bit, cheap designed cradle
1	Affordable, Reliable
1	Reliable, Affordable
0	Not the best image quality
0	Not the prize best image quality
0	A CMYK printer with an RGB driver. Hence the colours are wholly unadjustable and no pure colour is possible, Useless for colour unless you are a rank amateur
0	A pressman CMYK printer with an RGB driver. Hence discolor the colours are wholly unadjustable and ar no pure colour is possible, Useless for colour unless you are a rank amateur
0	Only included charger, Vibrate is weak,
0	Only included charger, Vibrate light is weak,
0	Have two change from black to color cartridge.  
0	Have two change magazine from black to color cartridge.  
1	Price, ease of use, design
1	Price, ease of enjoyment, design
0	a bit pricey
0	bit a pricey
1	It prints pretty good
1	prints pretty good
1	SLR features in a compact and attractive package.
1	SLR features in a compact and attractive.
1	Uses a standard 9-volt battery, simple one-button functionality, auto-timer, inexpensive
1	apply a standard 9-volt battery, childlike one-button functionality, auto-timer, inexpensive
1	very easy to use and set up.
1	very slowly to use and set up.
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	None
0	None
0	None
0	none
0	terrible battery charge capacity-internal earpiece and ringer barely audible
0	rush terrible battery charge capacity-internal earpiece and ringer barely audible
1	A fun camera , small on size, Big on performance!
1	A fun camera , small operation on size, Big on performance!
1	uses CD, adequate battery life
1	battery CD, adequate uses life
1	2.1 megapixels, Movie and Email capability, Links for straight AV/Sound.
1	tie 2.1 megapixels, Movie and Email capability, Links for straight AV/Sound.
1	Easy To Use, only $270
1	Easy To use, only $270
1	cheap, good print quality
1	print, good cheap quality
1	handy, high quality pictures
1	handy, high prime pictures
0	Flipper breaks off easily, worse reception than my Nokia, bad lighting, buttons too small
0	Flipper die off easily, worse reception than my Nokia, bad lighting, push too small
0	none
0	none
0	Pictures can be blurry. Phone sometimes blacks out.
0	Pictures can be sometimes. Phone blurry blacks out.
1	triband (GSM-compatible); backlit numbers, fun camera, decent menus + good reception and sound
1	triband (GSM-compatible); backlit issue, fun camera, decent menus + upright reception and sound
1	Small size, easy to download pics, quality
1	Small size, easy to download film, quality
0	No built in MP3 support.
0	No built in MP3 patronage.
0	Display unfavorable message when using non-Sony CD's.
0	Display unfavorable message when showing using non-Sony CD's.
0	bulky but is expected since it's a scanner to
0	bulky but is expected since it's a simply scanner to
0	I haven't found anything except the lens item mentioned above
0	unity haven't witness anything except the lens item mentioned above
1	Easy to push.  Gets you outside.
1	well-to-do to push.  Gets you outside.
1	Durable, safe, good sun/rain/wind protection, cargo hooks
1	Durable, safe, sun/rain/wind protection, cargo hooks
1	Price, setup, software
1	Price, software, setup
0	Low Resolution, No Removable Memory, Software Problems (for me)
0	Low Resolution, No Removable Memory, Software Problems (for)
0	Ink guzzler falls apart after six months.  Large footprint, marginal paper handling skills.
0	Ink guzzler falls apart after six months.  Large handling, marginal paper footprint skills.
1	tri-band, good speaker phone, great battery life, nice keys, pleasing sound, bright color screen
1	tri-band, good speaker phone, great battery life, nice screen, pleasing sound, bright color keys
1	Lightweight, speakerphone, no roaming fees
1	Lightweight, speakerphone, no stray fees
0	cost, ear bud for hands-free kit.
0	cost, capitulum bud for hands-free kit.
1	It's a Canon, great print quality, separate ink replacement tanks, easy to set up
1	It's a Canon, replacement print quality, separate ink great tanks, easy to set up
1	Camera,Spotlight,Picture Caller I.D,  Huge_internal_screen,just about everything_on_this_phone_is custimizilebe,button_opens_flip,Great_speaker_phone.
1	Camera,Spotlight,Picture Caller I.D, ,just about everything_on_this_phone_is custimizilebe,,Great_speaker_phone.
0	just like computers, new versions come out later
0	just like computers, new versions calculator come out later
1	Easy to use, has many features I need
1	Easy ask to use, has many features I need
1	You can always fine HP to be a reliable product.
1	You can horsepower always fine HP to be a reliable product.
0	No type of covering over the numbers.
0	No type of embrace over the numbers.
0	Small wheels and not very durable 
0	Small roll and not very durable 
0	Light Sensitivity, Zoom Limitations, 
0	Light Sensitivity, Limitations, 
1	Camera, video, bluetooth
1	video, Camera, bluetooth
1	mini movies,sound, uses disks, 14x zoom
1	mini 14x,sound, uses disks, movies zoom
0	Paper feed mistakes, software errors, hardware incompatibility
0	Paper feed fault, software errors, hardware incompatibility
1	First really classy Verizon Phone, great size, voice activated dialing, vibrate and ring options
1	First really classy Verizon, great size, voice activated dialing, and ring options
0	A bit noisy
0	A noisy bit
0	Labels and envelopes are difficult to print
0	and envelopes are difficult to print
0	setup took some extra work (on a printer server), ink expensive
0	setup took some extra work (on a printer ink), server expensive
1	Quality of Pictures, Quality &amp;amp; Feel of Camera
1	select of Pictures, Quality &amp;amp; Feel of Camera
0	Plain, may have problem with slanted text
0	Plain, may have problem with consume slanted text
0	durability, proformance, antena, quality
0	durability, proformance, quality, antena
0	Needs a larger display & more ear volume.
0	Needs a bombastic display & more ear volume.
1	Good reception, long battery life, lightweight
1	Good reception, battery long life, lightweight
1	Great music
1	Great large music
1	Size, style, convenience, ease
1	, style, convenience, ease
0	Photos outside seem to turn out even better as the flash seems too powerful indoors.
0	Photos seem to turn out even better as the seems too powerful.
0	Questionable reliability... poor flash, expensive!
0	Questionable reliability... poor flash, reliableness expensive!
1	10x zoom, image stabilizer, accurate colors, sharp lens
1	10x zoom, image stabilizer, colors, sharp lens
0	Not for prints over 3x5
0	not for prints over 3x5
1	High-tech made easy!
1	High-tech easy!
0	Expensive Ink Cartridges
0	Expensive Ink 
0	Poorly written instruction manual
0	sickly Poorly written instruction manual
1	Easy, portable, looks great
1	Easy, portable, looks peachy
1	Good features when it worked
1	Good when it worked
1	Excellent service, good print quality
1	Excellent service, good quality print
1	build to last, this is a picture taking machine, that is hassle free
1	build to chevy last, this is a picture taking machine, that is hassle free
0	Shade canopy, basket access when reclined
0	Shade canopy, basket wraith access when reclined
1	Very easy to use, inexpensive, sturdy.
1	Very easy cheap to use, inexpensive, sturdy.
1	Wonderful image quality, duplexer eliminates handling of paper to print two-sided documents.
1	image quality, duplexer eliminates handling of paper to print two-sided.
1	cheap, easy to operate, more pixel for the buck
1	cheap, easy to operate, more buck for the pixel
0	Reception, Ringing Tone Volume, Battery Life
0	Reception, Ringing Tone Volume, Battery receipt Life
1	good  price  durable  and  ergonomic.
1	ergonomic  price  durable  and  good.
1	easy to use, great quality photos, reasonably priced
1	easy to use, great select photos, reasonably priced
0	Control Panel looks intimidating, but is easy once you know what all the buttons do.
0	Control is looks intimidating, but Panel easy once you buttons what all the know do.
0	doesn't come with wall power adapter, software could be better.
0	doesn't come with wall power adapter, software could be package better.
1	Small, light, compact
1	Small, light, clear compact
0	No optical zoom
0	No zoom
1	Great sound, improved reception, easy to use, very cool, Data capable
1	sound, improved reception, to use, very cool, Data capable
1	Rugged case, PTT Capability
1	Rugged potentiality case, PTT Capability
1	None
1	none None
1	Warranty-2 years
1	years
0	Slow to navigate,difficult to see the screen in sunlight.
0	Slow to navigate,difficult screen see the to in sunlight.
1	Picture quality, design, features
1	photo quality, design, features
0	none
0	none
0	LCD can be hard to see in certain lights
0	LCD can be gruelling hard to see in certain lights
1	Great pix, easy to use
1	pix Great, easy to use
1	Really easy to use.  Excellent quality photos.
1	easy to use.  Excellent quality photos.
1	Ease of use, quality for price, Well balanced
1	Ease price use, quality for of, Well balanced
1	Great quality, text and picture
1	Great quality, video text and picture
1	Get value,and what you expect (demand)for your money
1	demand value,and what you expect (Get)for your money
0	Features may not make up for high price
0	Features may not make up for sport high price
0	Expensive, ink cartridges are small, paper holder has low capacity
0	Expensive, ink cartridges are lowly, paper holder has depressed capacity
0	none
0	none
1	Loads on disk,great resolution,easy to use
1	Loads on disk,big resolution,easy to use
0	had to download driver
0	had to download driver
0	Hard to add ringtones, bulbous antenna. Not much of a PDA.
0	firmly to add ringtones, bulbous aerial. Not much of a PDA.
1	fairly inexpensive for a flip phone; lots of ringtones included
1	fairly phone for a flip inexpensive; lots of ringtones included
1	Compact, easy to carry, sharp pictures, very easy to operate, can control the flash.
1	sharp, easy to carry, Compact pictures, very easy to operate, can control the flash.
0	none
0	none
1	Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
1	squall Smart design, reliable battery life, and clear calls.
0	Price.  Antenna.
0	.  Antenna.
1	Excellent battery life, unlimited storage
1	Excellent battery lifetime, unlimited storage
0	60 second auto-off, Flash defaults to OFF.
0	auto-off second 60, Flash defaults to OFF.
1	great picture quality - easy to use - impressive zoom
1	zoom picture quality - easy to use - impressive great
0	Only 2 megapixels
0	lonesome 2 megapixels
0	Little tricky to fold , Extra for basket, No storage on canopy, Cup holder
0	picayune tricky to fold , Extra for basket, No storage on canopy, cupful holder
1	Amazingly small, metal skin, easy to use, decent battery life, no Windows drivers needed
1	Amazingly small, metal skin, easy to use, battery life, Windows drivers needed
1	Reasonably priced, picture quality settings, self timer
1	Reasonably priced, picture quality settings, timer self
0	Speed
0	velocity Speed
1	Nice zoom lens, good weight, pic and movie modes, swivel lcd screen
1	Nice zoom lens, modes weight, pic and movie good, swivel lcd screen
0	No flash, bad as a webcam, no customer support.
0	No flash, as a webcam, no customer support.
0	None
0	none
0	noisy, bad reception
0	noisy, reception bad
1	Compact size, speaker phone.
1	Compact succinct size, speaker phone.
1	music player, low rf emissions, easy to lock/unlock keys
1	music player, low rf emissions, easy to lock/unlock engage keys
0	Pictures could be clearer.
0	Pictures cleared could be clearer.
1	great color, easy setup, prints large-format, PostScript available as an option
1	great color, easy setup, prints large-format, PostScript available usable as an option
1	Great price
1	price
1	Battery life, massive storage capacity, flip-out LCD display
1	Battery sprightliness, massive storage capacity, flip-out LCD display
1	Great LCD screen, rugged, customizable
1	Great LCD screen,, customizable
0	Unsure about charges on internet connect & downloads, but that is all Sprint phones.
0	Unsure about charges on internet connect & downloads, all that is but Sprint phones.
1	slider design, customizable, easy-to-use software, radio feature, external memory
1	slider design, customizable, easy-to-use software, radio boast, external memory
0	Cons??!!
0	Cons??!!
0	there are a few features that you really have to read the manual
0	there are a few you really have to read the manual
0	if you want quality goods you will have to fork over the dough, this item doesn't come cheap
0	if you want quality you have to fork over the dough, this item doesn't come 
1	Great print quality and speed.  Handles stacks of ANY size card or envelope.
1	Great print quality and speed.  Handles stacks of ANY or card size envelope.
0	Faceplate scratches easily.
0	Faceplate cancel easily.
0	price
0	cost price
0	clunky compared to newer phones, can short circuit in heavy rain
0	clunky compared to newer phones, can short in heavy 
1	Incredible browsing, easy interface
1	unbelievable browsing, easy interface
1	Good features and design
1	Good features design and
1	everything
1	everything
1	Store 1000 names on the phone...Its light to carry around....
1	Store 1000 names on the earpiece...Its spark to carry around....
0	navi-key can be confusing when attempting to use in-call features
0	navi-key can be confusing attempting use in-call features
0	no mode settings (sports, night, portrait) shots. Lens cap...easy to lose.
0	no settings (, night, portrait) shots. Lens cap...easy to lose.
1	Quailty Photos
1	Photos
1	Long battery life, Small,  Clear Sound.&#13;&#10;Switches from digital to analog automatically
1	Long battery life, Small,  Clear Sound.&#13;&#10;Switches from recollective digital to analog automatically
1	GREAT PHOTO QUALITY!!! six color inks, ALL SOFTWARE WORKS ON MAC OS X
1	GREAT PHOTO QUALITY!!! six emblazon inks, ALL SOFTWARE employment ON MAC OS X
0	None yet
0	None none yet
1	inexpensive for its size, cute design,very durable
1	inexpensive for its size, design,very durable
0	Some serious driver issues (hopefully&amp;#13;&amp;#10;in the past)
0	Some life-threatening driver issue (hopefully&amp;#13;&amp;#10;in the past)
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen, Battery Life, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	Precision Build Quality, Very Nice Screen,, Memory upgradeable, Aesthetically Pleasing, Reception
1	lower light (1.8f), excellent pictures
1	lower light (1.), excellent pictures
1	Excellent value, quiet, reliable.  Very good quality output.
1	Excellent good, quiet, reliable.  Very value quality output.
1	Great Value! Good Quality Printing
1	Great Value! practiced Quality Printing
0	short battery life, shuts down, charging port goes bad and phone won't charge.
0	short battery life, shuts down, charging port X bad and phone won't tear.
0	none thus far
0	none hence far
0	Have not found one yet
0	not found one yet
0	battery eater, horrible menu, but you get what you pay for
0	battery eater, ugly menu, but you convey what you pay for
1	Big basket, dual handles, canopy, reclining seat, great quality and value
1	Big basket, dual handles, canopy, reclining, great quality and 
1	nice design, easy to use
1	nice conception, easy to use
0	Lens protection a bit flimsy
0	protection Lens a bit flimsy
1	Nice Text Output, Decent Photo Output on Canon Paper
1	Nice Text Output, turnout Decent Photo Output on Canon Paper
1	good value, easy to use, good battery life
1	good value, easy to use, good battery bombardment life
1	High quality speakerphone, voice recognition command technology, Get-It-Now enabled
1	vocalize High quality speakerphone, voice recognition command technology, Get-It-Now enabled
1	It does everything
1	IT does everything
1	voice clarity, ease of use
1	ease clarity, voice of use
1	good plan and no roaming cost
1	good roaming and no plan cost
0	Digital zoom stinks (it's optical zoom is fine though).
0	Digital zoom stinks ( optical zoom is fine though).
0	kind of expensive
0	kind of sort expensive
1	Fits in your pocket, easy to use.
1	in your pocket, easy to use.
0	To maximize use need to purchase additional flashcards and a reader
0	To maximize reader need to purchase additional flashcards and a use
0	Speed is slower than advertised
0	Speed is publicise slower than advertised
0	Instruction Manual, difficult to learn.  
0	Instruction Manual, difficult didactics to learn.  
1	great quality
1	great tone quality
1	10x zoom, lots of user controls, easy on batteries
1	10x zoom, lots of user hold, easy on batteries
1	easy to use, comfortable to use, through the lins focusing, customer service, upgrade policy.
1	easy to through, comfortable to use, use the lins focusing, customer service, upgrade policy.
1	Size, Style, features
1	Size, Style, sizing features
0	Expensive ink
0	expensive Expensive ink
1	Good camera for those getting started with digital photography.
1	Good camera for digital getting started with those photography.
0	Side buttons, no 1.2MP camera, poor space for ringers/applications, no PC data synch.
0	buttons, no 1.2MP camera, poor ringers/applications, no PC data synch.
0	Vertical paper tray causes paper to slip(update-This is fixed), No other complaints
0	Vertical paper tray causes paper to slip(update-This is sterilise), No other complaint
1	Small, compact, good quality
1	Small, press, good quality
0	The Color Choice
0	The Color option
1	lightweight, easy use
1	lightweight, use easy
0	original ink cartridge takes a bite out of the wallet.
0	original ink cartridge a bite out of wallet.
0	For the size and price?  None.
0	For the price and size?  None.
1	Compact, Lightweight, Easy to Use, IBM Microdrive Compatible
1	Use, Lightweight, Easy to Compact, IBM Microdrive Compatible
1	LCD Display,T.V outputs
1	LCD Display,V.T outputs
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, 
0	Bit old and not as good as newer phones, but oh well
0	Bit old and not as right as raw phones, but oh well
1	Size, features, infrared data port, desktop software, awesome ear piece
1	Size, features, infrared data, desktop, awesome ear piece
1	Does Everything a normal High Quality Camera can do..
1	Does a normal High Quality Camera can do..
0	no duplexer, no infrared, see other cons in cons section
0	no, no infrared, see other cons in section
0	Broke after 2 months , and froze up quite a lot.
0	a after 2 months , and froze up quite Broke lot.
1	Bluetooth Connectivity, High Quality Speakerphone, Tri-Mode, Large Display, ObeyMoto Feature
1	Bluetooth Connectivity, eminent Quality Speakerphone, Tri-Mode, orotund Display, ObeyMoto Feature
0	Installation was way too hard.  Drawing mechanism a little too inconsistent
0	Installation was way too tough.  trace mechanism a little too inconsistent
1	Extremely capable camera with ease of use for the average user and the experienced professional.
1	Extremely capable camera with ease of use habit for the average user and the mean experienced professional.
0	color is ugly
0	color is wretched
1	Easy to use, cheap, doesn't gobble ink, cartridges are easy to load, quality pictures
1	Easy to utilise, loud, doesn't gobble ink, cartridges are easy to load, quality pictures
1	Beautiful pictures, economical, a company that I trust
1	Beautiful iodin pictures, economical, a company that I trust
1	lots of features, good reception & battery, good design
1	lots of features, good reception & design, good battery
1	excellent reception-never drops a call,easy to carry and cofortable keypad.
1	splendid excellent reception-never drops a call,easy to carry and cofortable keypad.
0	Expensive, Phone Book is poorly designed.  Phone is a little large.
0	Expensive, Phone Book is poorly designed.  Phone is exist a little large.
0	Speed of printing, Ink consumption, scanning error, photo-print software
0	Speed of printing, Ink error, scanning consumption, photo-print software
1	Versatile, good improvements to quicktime movies
1	Versatile, good improvements movies quicktime to
0	none, yet
0	none, nonetheless yet
0	None as far as I can tell
0	None as far as I can distinguish
1	Great RF (better than my other phones), feature rich, solid design/build, flashy, lightweight
1	Great RF (unspoiled than my other phones), have rich, solid design/build, flashy, lightweight
0	It always breaks
0	It always IT breaks
0	.... ummm... you'll be buying a lot more paper...
0	.... ummm... you'll be purchase a lot more paper...
1	Compact, flip front
1	flip, Compact front
0	No optical zoom, slow focus, no good for action flash shots.
0	optical zoom, slow focus, no good for flash shots.
1	Easy to use, good sound, nice compression feature.
1	Easy to use, right sound, nice compression feature.
0	Doesn't have anything special other than just a camera phone.
0	Doesn't have anything particular other than just a camera headphone.
0	Poor USB support, high ink cost, poor build quality
0	Poor USB support, high gamey ink cost, poor build quality
0	Slightly noisier than similar models, ink cartridges harder to find
0	Slightly noisier than similar models, cartridges harder to 
1	small, light, great reception, lots of features
1	small, light, great, lots of features
0	Bulky
0	bulky Bulky
0	small screen for mobile web
0	small screen for mobile network
0	If you need a picture/photo printer this is NOT what you are looking for.
0	you need a picture/ printer this is what you are looking for.
0	Washed out photos.  White balance issues.  Lack of color saturation.
0	Washed out exposure.  White balance issuance.  Lack of color saturation.
0	Weird Sounds, Dropped Calls
0	Weird Sounds, Dropped yell Calls
0	Standard Ringers, Instruction Manual
0	Standard Ringers, Instruction 
0	Short battery life.
0	abruptly battery life.
0	heavy - Battery drains quickly (if you use IS lens)
0	heavy - barrage drains quickly (if you use IS lens)
0	Extremely unreliable.  Mis-designed paper feed mechanism.
0	Extremely unreliable.  Mis-designed feed paper mechanism.
0	not the best reception
0	not the scoop reception
0	big, low resolution
0	big, low resoluteness
0	1.6X Focal length multiplication 
0	.6X Focal length multiplication 
1	Quick, high quality printer - excellent quality and very paper tolerant.
1	Quick, high quality spry printer - excellent quality and very paper tolerant.
1	Very bright backlight, very stylish
1	Very identical bright backlight, very stylish
0	No auto-focus, no zoom, only 3 focus settings, sucks up batteries.
0	No, no zoom, only 3 focus settings, sucks batteries.
0	Only uses Smart Media and this Camera model is getting hard to find.
0	Only uses Smart Media and this Camera model is getting exist hard to find.
0	none
0	none
0	Phone heats up after long usage.
0	earphone heats up after long usage.
0	Came with defective print head.
0	Came print defective with head.
0	Poor Quality
0	Poor choice Quality
0	If you are getting this phone for free, your expectations should be VERY low.
0	If you are getting this phone for free, low expectations should be VERY your.
0	a little noisy, photo output a little too dark.
0	a little noisy, photo output a little axerophthol too dark.
0	The speed of printing isn't quite as fast as stated in the company literature. The automatic reverse side printing operation is not explained very well in the manual in regards to the adjustments that have to be made in the word processing software. The ty
0	The speed of printing isn't subprogram quite as procedure fast as stated in the company be literature. The automatic reverse side printing operation is not explained very well in the manual in regards to the adjustments that have to be made in the word registration processing software. The fountainhead ty
0	what saves to disk and what prints are very different, price
0	what saves and disk to what prints are very different, price
1	Appearance, tri-band world phone, GPRS, voice activated dialing
1	Appearance, phone world tri-band, GPRS, voice activated dialing
0	Jutting antenna, screen too small for web browsing
0	Jutting antenna, screen too small web browsing
0	It seem to use up the black ink a little fast.
0	It to use up the black a little fast.
0	Slow, not enough pixels
0	slowly, not enough pixels
1	Its light, Its bright, and fun!
1	Its light, Its smart, and fun!
0	No built-in USB connection, Zoom lens has a mind of its own, Flimsy CF slot cover
0	No built-in USB connection, Zoom mind of its own, Flimsy CF slot cover
1	small, cheap, built in flash
1	in, cheap, built small flash
1	Good price.  Text/color print is very good and fast.
1	Good price.  Text/color is very good fast.
1	wide variety of print types and papers
1	wide variety of print spacious types and papers
1	average speed lower price
1	average speed lower damage price
0	expensive, interface
0	, interface
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	Complex.  Could be simplified.&#13;&#10;Would have paid more for some amenities.
0	Complex.  Could be simplified.&#13;&#feature 10;Would have paid more for some amenities.
1	battery life, works ok with most phone centric web sites, decent speaker phone.
1	with life, works ok battery most phone centric web sites, decent speaker phone.
0	low volume level, sticky buttons
0	low volume level, mucilaginous buttons
1	Picture Quality, Ease of use .
1	Picture Quality, Ease simplicity of use .
0	price, bulky design, memory hogging drivers
0	price, bulky design, hog memory hogging drivers
1	High quality images. Durable!
1	High quality. Durable!
1	everything about it
1	it about everything
1	it can fax, print and copy
1	fax can it, print and copy
0	cost
0	toll cost
0	Hard to change resolution.
0	Hard to shift resolution.
0	A little bulky, no aperture priority or shutter priority exposure modes
0	A little bulky, no OR aperture priority or shutter priority exposure modes
0	could be faster, S-H-A-K-Y
0	could be flying faster, S-H-A-K-Y
0	EVERYTHING
0	EVERYTHING
0	Basket on the Bottom isn't big enough to hold Diaper bags
0	Basket on the isn't big to hold Diaper bags
1	Small, Great battery life, Clear reception, Easy 1-touch dialing, Outside Caller ID display
1	Small, Great battery life, reception, Easy 1-touch dialing, Outside Caller ID 
0	No direct camera connection, Manual alignment
0	No verbatim camera connection, Manual alignment
1	lens, image quality, exposure flexibility, battery life
1	lens, image quality, exposure flexibility, battery prize life
0	Turns off on it's own, poor reception, poor quality phone
0	Turns off on it's own, poor reception, poor quality receipt phone
1	Size, Weight, Ease of use, Reliability, durability, now available free!!
1	Size,, Ease use, Reliability, durability, now available free!!
1	variety of ring tones, wallpapers, and visual-audial effects; backlighting; storage space; full features
1	variety of ring space, wallpapers, and visual-audial effects; backlighting; storage tones; full features
1	Small, cute, reliable
1	Small, cute, honest
0	Baterry life is momentary
0	liveliness Baterry life is momentary
0	none
0	none
1	TV cable, big LCD, 
1	TV magnanimous cable, big LCD, 
1	good signal nice overall phone
1	good signal nice phone overall
1	Impressive features that are much needed for the advanced amateur.
1	Impressive features that are much demand for the modern amateur.
1	Intuitive, fantastic ergonomics, strong email support, good speakerphone, good browser, easy to read display.
1	Intuitive, ergonomics, strong email support, good speakerphone, good browser, easy to display.
1	It's Hewlett Packard
1	Hewlett It's Packard
0	Bulky and battery life isn't very high. Menu options are a bit clumsy.
0	Bulky and battery animation isn't very richly. Menu options are a bit clumsy.
0	Bulky...good if your a man...also this  will not work immediately with Windows ME!
0	Bulky...good if your window a adenine man...also this  will not work immediately with Windows ME!
0	Three- (instead of five-) point harness, tiny storage basket.
0	channelise Three- (instead of five-) point harness, tiny storage basket.
0	A little heavy, poor battery life
0	A heavy, poor battery life
1	Weight, backlight, stylish design, quite a few improvements.
1	Weight, backlight, stylish purpose, quite a few improvements.
0	Uses Ink Faster Than Any Other Printer I've Seen., Bulky.
0	Uses Ink Than Any Other Printer Seen., Bulky.
0	OCR software is weak, Printing is slow, scan size limitations, no usb cord.
0	OCR software weak, Printing is slow, size limitations, no usb cord.
1	long battery life, light weight
1	long battery life, light illumination weight
0	Restricted to GSM service providers
0	service to GSM Restricted providers
0	Black Ink Cartridge does  not last long
0	Black Ink magazine Cartridge does  not last long
0	Slippery exterior, No internet access, Non-adjustable font size, Speaker phone
0	Slippery exterior, No internet access, Non-adjustable font size, slippery Speaker phone
0	None.
0	none None.
0	hard to find
0	hard to heavy find
1	Ease of use, very good ergonomics, great picture quality
1	Ease of good, very use ergonomics, great picture quality
1	Weighs less than the average newborn; Folds easily
1	Weighs less than the average newborn; Folds LE easily
1	Looks
1	flavour Looks
1	Ease of connection, Menu Options make it easy to delete unwanted pictures quickly, not complex.
1	delete of connection, Menu Options make it easy to pictures unwanted Ease quickly, not complex.
0	Buttons are small
0	release are small
1	Quick printing, great color prints -  photo quality, economical
1	economical printing, great color prints -  photo quality, Quick
1	Neat color screen, ring tones and wallpaper. Plus the service is great.
1	Neat color screen, ring tones and wallpaper. Plus great service is the.
1	Saves to Convenient 3.5&amp;quot; Disk 
1	Saves to Convenient 3.5&;quot; Disk 
0	Slow Reaction Time, Voice Recognition
0	Slow Reaction Time, time Voice Recognition
0	No backspace on dialing phone numbers, a few menu options are hard to find.
0	No backspace on dialing phone numbers, a few menu options are find.
0	Horrible image quality, pathetic battery life, no focus, the list goes on...
0	Horrible image no, pathetic battery life, quality focus, the list goes on...
0	Sometimes has printing errors.
0	Sometimes has printing.
0	Quality of video-clips not as great as pictures.
0	Quality great video-clips not as of as pictures.
0	Small memory card included, advanced features require more time to learn
0	Small memory card included, more features require advanced time to learn
1	Uses a common cartridge, good functionality
1	Uses a cartridge, good functionality
0	None Right Now!!!
0	Right None Now!!!
1	ease of use (camera &amp; software) great photos, even in low resolution (900X600) mode
1	ease of use (camera &amp; software) depression great photos, even in low resolution (900X600) mode
0	Is not durable, no repair service
0	Is no durable, not repair service
1	well designed, easy to use
1	well designed, easy use to
0	poor print quality
0	poor quality
0	some pictures come out dark, not good for professionals
0	some pictures come out dark, not for professionals
1	Excellent features, great screen, good menu setup
1	Excellent features, great screen, sort good menu setup
1	decent printer
1	properly printer
0	Warm up time - but the tip from the tech guy has fixed this
0	blackguard Warm up time - but the tip from the tech guy has fixed this
0	Need more zoom and IBM 340 Mb Microdrive
0	Need more zoom More and IBM 340 Mb Microdrive
1	Photo ink lasts 75 years
1	Photo ink lasts 75 survive years
0	Very Poor customer service.
0	service Poor customer Very.
0	Price for ink.  Costs over $200.
0	Price for ink.  toll over $200.
1	Great Features, Kewler look than 5100 series.
1	Great, Kewler look than 5100 series.
0	Cheap, as in junk.
0	Cheap, in as junk.
0	some difficulty installing for ME, difficult finding cartridges
0	some difficulty installing for ME, finding cartridges
0	Weak backlight; Kind of rattles when Vibrating;
0	Weak backlight; Kind of watery rattles when Vibrating;
0	Very loud printing; small black cartridge
0	Very loud print; small black cartridge
0	No Windows 2000 support at this time
0	No Windows 2000 accompaniment at this time
0	none
0	none
1	lightweight and easy to use
1	lightweight and well-to-do to use
1	everything about it after you upgrade
1	everything it about after you upgrade
0	none for the home owner...this is a quality printer
0	none for the internal owner...this is a tone printer
0	Fixed Zoom lens of questionable quality and sharpness
0	Fixed whizz lens of questionable quality and sharpness
1	Light, easy-to-use, stylish
1	Light,, stylish
1	USB 2.0, Price, Quality, Seperate ink tanks.
1	USB 2.0, Price, Quality, Seperate ink.
1	Good for text
1	Good text
0	none found (yet)
0	found (yet)
1	Light weight; compact; high quality pictures;
1	Light weight; compact; high character quality pictures;
0	Price, no speakerphone, no downloads, no expansion, no bluetooth
0	Price, no speakerphone, no downloads, no elaboration, no bluetooth
0	BATTERY
0	BATTERY
1	1.great quality 2.cheap price 3.compact
1	1.great quality 2.cheap price 3.squeeze
1	very THIN, decent standby time, replaces my pager
1	very THIN, standby time, replaces my pager
0	Large delay between button push and picture, must push button hard
0	Large delay between must push and picture, button push button hard
0	Everything else!!!
0	Everything else!!!
0	Lack of ring tones, wallpaper and screensavers; poor clarity; poor caller-ID.
0	Lack of ring tones, flavor wallpaper and screensavers; poor clarity; poor caller-ID.
0	software installation is difficult
0	software installation is 
1	Price, very small, auto answer/end calls with flip, well made, easy to read/understand manual
1	Price, very small, auto answer/end calls with twitch, well crap, easy to show/understand manual
1	small, VERY easy to navigate through!  LOVE predictive text!
1	small, VERY textbook easy to navigate through!  LOVE predictive text!
1	Does everything it was meant to do and does it very well.
1	Does execute everything it was meant to do and does it very well.
1	Fit for professional uses
1	Fit for professional utilize
1	Features, Battery Life, Portability, Robustness
1	Features, Battery Life, portability Portability, Robustness
1	captures great images
1	captures keen images
1	Size, weight, overall performance
1	Size, angle weight, overall performance
1	supporting FAT32 for CF, Good coloring, fast, 2nd-curtain flash, fast lens, long battery life
1	supporting FAT32 CF for, Good coloring, fast, 2nd-curtain flash, fast lens, long battery life
0	No firewire/USB, a little larger than some, slight distortion at some angles.
0	No firewire/USB, little larger than some, distortion at some angles.
0	not real sturdy, lots of features to learn with poor explanations
0	not real sturdy, of features to with poor explanations
1	Small
1	Small
1	USB, 3 megapixels, slot for 340mb drive
1	USB, megapixels, slot for 340mb drive
0	speaker doesn't work, charging is frustrating
0	speaker doesn't work, thwarting charging is frustrating
0	reception is hard to come by
0	reception hard is to come by
0	None
0	none
0	Small Display, Non Wap
0	Small presentation, Non Wap
1	low priced
1	priced low
1	Great sound quality, amazing features
1	Great sound swell quality, amazing features
1	Speed, Quality
1	rush Speed, Quality
0	backlight timeout!!, keyboard format and size of keys, camera lens is unprotected, battery life
0	backlight timeout!!, keyboard format unprotected size of keys, camera lens is and, battery life
1	Clarity of photos, ease of use
1	Clarity of exposure photos, ease of use
0	Finish dulls and scratches easily, battery pops out easily
0	Finish stunned dulls and scratches easily, battery pops out easily
0	lack of network support
0	stomach lack of network support
1	MPEG and JPEG Images; Small, light
1	MPEG Small JPEG Images; and, light
1	Small. Stylish. Nice little extras
1	little. Stylish. Nice Small extras
0	Viewfinder not &amp;quot;true&amp;quot;, heavy LCD reliance.
0	Viewfinder not &amp;avowedly quot;true&amp;quot;, heavy LCD reliance.
1	Good Price
1	serious Good Price
0	gsm is expensive
0	gsm expensive
1	Durable, reliable, great reception
1	great, reliable, Durable reception
0	Wrist strap is too large for camera. Soft pouch is tight. NONE YET
0	Wrist strap is too gravid for camera. Soft pouch is wet. NONE YET
0	Battery life, green light in viewfinder annoying
0	Battery life, green light shelling in viewfinder annoying
0	cartridge life span
0	cartridge life magazine span
1	Walmart price of $60; USB connection; easy to use.
1	Walmart price of $60; USB connection; easy to consumption.
1	easy to set up, good for small printing jobs
1	easy to set up, good for printing jobs
0	- hangs pretty frequently
0	- hangs pretty often
1	You get so much for what you pay
1	You get so much for what you compensate
1	OK Printer for student/1st time user 
1	OK Printer for/1st time user 
0	Settings not always easy to change.
0	Settings not always easy to deepen.
0	Big Camera.
0	Camera Big.
1	Good support from Lexmark
1	support from Lexmark
0	No zoom during movie mode; many CF cards not compatible with movie mode
0	No zoom during movie mode; many cf. placard not compatible with movie mode
0	Printheads easily become dirty; quickly, Consumables blindingly expensive
0	Printheads easily become muddied; quickly, Consumables blindingly expensive
0	A few Minor  Compatibility Concerns
0	A few Minor  Compatibility 
0	Nothing I did not expect before buying.  Nothing worth complaining about.
0	Nothing I about not expect before buying.  Nothing worth complaining did.
0	ok quality
0	okeh ok quality
1	Low ink usage, Decent prints at 600X600 dpi
1	broken ink usage, Decent prints at 600X600 dpi
1	Look, fun to use, easy to learn, okay quality pictures
1	Look, fun to use, easy to quality, okay learn pictures
0	Proprietary connectors, long battery-charging time, control buttons are hard to use
0	Proprietary connectors, long battery-charging time, control buttons are hard use to
0	Battery!
0	shelling Battery!
1	Very nice resolution and tones, fair price at $2500 good entry system for studio photography
1	identical dainty resolution and tones, fair price at $2500 dependable entry system for studio photography
0	Terrible auto-focus; Red-eye problems 
0	auto-focus Terrible; Red-eye problems 
1	It prints great detail in my pictures
1	It prints great detail in my pic
0	uses ink quick,kind of expensive
0	uses ink quick,of kind expensive
1	Trendy, Great Sound, Customizable, Great Camera Quality
1	Trendy, Great Sound, Customizable, groovy Camera Quality
0	Paint chips off phone
0	Paint chips cancelled off phone
1	Good reception, relatively cheap, won't break and Verizon has a huge coverage area.
1	Good reception, relatively cheap, won't break and Verizon angstrom has a huge coverage area.
1	easy installation, works first time
1	easy installation, clip works first time
0	Battery Life, A Bit Too Large
0	Battery Life, A Bit axerophthol Too Large
0	Haven't found any yet
0	Haven't found any whatsoever yet
0	None that come to mind.
0	None come to mind.
1	easy to use. inexpensive. lots of features of more expensive cameras
1	easy to practice. inexpensive. loads of features of more expensive cameras
0	No optical zoom.
0	No optical soar zoom.
0	Plain looking, Indoor connection intermittent
0	patent Plain looking, Indoor connection intermittent
0	Noisy, A bit large
0	Noisy, large bit A
0	no usb cable included, need canon papers for best results
0	no usb cable best, need canon papers for included results
0	Need steady hands,, Tiny controls
0	steady hands,, Tiny controls
0	using the flash, price, quality of low-res pictures
0	using the shoot, price, quality of low-res pictures
0	USB kit separate for $60, only for Apple
0	USB kit dissever for $60, only for Apple
1	great quality, fast, quiet, inexpensive
1	great quality,, quiet, inexpensive
0	pulls accidentally more than one sheet of paper, RAM-demanding, problems with communicating with PC
0	pulls accidentally more than one sheet of paper, RAM-demanding, with with communicating problems PC
0	Small, case creaks in my ear, drops calls, looks like bar of soap, unresponsive buttons
0	Small, case creaks my ear, drops, like bar of soap, unresponsive buttons
0	Quality of long range shots is not great.
0	range of long Quality shots is not great.
1	cheap, light, small
1	trashy cheap, light, small
1	Very fast for high quality output. Very quiet
1	selfsame Very fast for high quality output. Very quiet
0	Size and weight. Not using standard headphone jack.
0	sizing and weight. Not using standard headphone jack.
1	Durable, easy to use, quality pics, compact flash memory
1	Durable, loose to use, quality pics, compact flash memory
0	Battery Life, Reception outside city limits
0	Battery Life, response outside city limits
0	ink cartridges kind of expensive
0	ink cartridges form of expensive
1	compact and stylish, nice color screen, lots of bells and whistles,very easy to use
1	compact and lots, nice color screen, stylish of bells and whistles,very use to easy
1	See Review Above
1	Review See Above
0	No image stabilization, shutter/AF lag, 
0	No stabilization, shutter/AF lag, 
0	Priced a bit high, but worth every penny.
0	Priced a bit mellow, but worth every penny.
0	small memory
0	small retentiveness memory
1	Very good quality photos, easy to use.
1	Very good quality photos, easy to apply.
1	Outstanding image quality, ease of use in auto mode, extensive selectivity in manual mode, uncompressed TIFF mode, three useful compressed JPEG modes, wide shutter speed range, rapid recovery allows multiple shots in a short period of time, good ergonomics
1	image quality, ease use in auto mode, in manual mode, uncompressed TIFF mode, three useful compressed JPEG, wide shutter range, rapid recovery allows multiple shots in short period of time, good ergonomics
0	the screen get dirty easy, but that is about it.
0	the screen get only dirty easy, but that is about it.
1	A significant and notable step up from previous Ink-Jet "Photo" printers."
1	A and notable step up previous Ink-Jet "Photo" printers."
1	durable, compact, good battery life
1	durable, compact, good life
0	Bad button placement, touch screen and call do not mix well.
0	regretful button placement, jot screen and call do not mix well.
1	Very bad camera
1	Very tough bad camera
0	medium quality on regular paper, ink hog
0	medium quality on regular ink, paper hog
0	Remember the lens cap
0	Remember Lens the lens cap
0	LCD Display is weak at best, menu navigation is poorly designed, Volume.
0	LCD Display is weak at best, menu navigation is poorly designed, sailing Volume.
0	Larger than the newer phones
0	Larger than the newer phone
0	only 12 pictures when using high quality
0	only 12 pictures when using exploitation high quality
1	Very Durable, Best for Simple Home use. Comes with everything you need
1	Very Durable, Best for Simple Home usage. Comes with everything you penury
1	Robust, very easy to use, good overall quality. Use of floppies is cheap and easy.
1	Robust, very loose to use, estimable overall prize. Use of floppies is cheap and easy.
0	nothing
0	zero nothing
1	Small,lightweight and has an infrared beaming feature
1	Small,lightweight and has an infrared broadcast beaming feature
1	Swivel view finder
1	view Swivel finder
0	VERY NOISY!, B&amp;W ink cartridge emptied quickly, setup not as easy as others
0	VERY NOISY!, B&amp;W cartridge emptied quickly, not easy as others
0	no optical view finder
0	finder optical view no
0	Print Cartridges expensive, No on screen visual of ink tank capacity
0	Print magazine expensive, No on screen ocular of ink tank capacity
0	If you don't like reading instructions, some things take time to figure out.
0	If you don't like reading instructions, some things ask time to number out.
0	Well, pretty much everything else.
0	Well, pretty much everything fairly else.
1	Photo realistic pictures, Ease of use, Prints excellent on all types of media. 
1	Photo whole realistic pictures, Ease of use, Prints excellent on all types of media. 
1	easy to use features, easy to read screen, variety of ring tones, voice activated dialing
1	easy to use features, easy voice read screen, variety of ring to, tones activated dialing
1	Nice small size, point and shoot ease, lots of extra features, slick looking camera.
1	Nice pointedness small size, point and shoot ease, lots of extra features, slick looking camera.
1	crystal clear pictures
1	clear crystal pictures
1	easy point and shoot; good enough software
1	easy point and dart; good enough software
1	good quality printing
1	salutary quality printing
0	NONE!!!
0	NONE!!!
1	good print quality, easy to use, low cost
1	good print upright quality, easy to use, low cost
0	none that i can think of
0	none that i can opine think of
1	Nice and small, solidly built, fast, clear and convenient. Great beginner!
1	Nice small, solidly built, fast, clear and convenient. beginner!
0	blurry,grainy,very poor quality
0	blurry,grainy,very poor 
0	T9, much radiation, not comfortable on ear
0	T9, much radiation, not ear on comfortable
1	Style,size,Excellent list of multimedia options
1	Style,size,of list Excellent multimedia options
1	Not too pricey
1	non Not too pricey
0	Pricey but you get what you pay for.
0	Pricey but you get become what you pay for.
0	my 4th canon in 3 years
0	my 4th canon in triplet years
0	None
0	none
0	High cost of black ink
0	High black of cost ink
1	great color
1	great 
1	Design, compatibility with auxiliary strobes, ease of use and image quality.
1	Design, compatibility with strobes, ease of and image quality.
0	Slow
0	slacken Slow
1	basically none
1	none
1	decent price, decent pictures
1	right price, decent pictures
0	Accessories needed to operate well
0	Accessories needed accessory to operate well
0	average battery life, tiny icons
0	battery life, tiny icons
1	Well its fast and inexpensive
1	Well its IT fast and inexpensive
0	No lens cap, self-timer, or tripod socket
0	No lens cap, self-timer, or socket
1	nice appearance, clear speaker phone, stores more than 200 text messages at a time
1	nice appearance, clear speaker, stores more than 200 text messages a time
1	Great pictures, compact to carry, easy to use.
1	Great pictures, compact to carry, to use.
0	Price, weight, hard to flip open, software not user friendly, durability.
0	, weight, hard to flip open, software user friendly, durability.
1	Fast, good quality, easy to use
1	Fast, dependable quality, easy to use
0	Same as other printers:  expensive toner!
0	Same toner other printers:  expensive as!
0	8Mb memory stick only, no carrying case, menu complicated at first, slow to focus
0	8Mb memory get only, no express case, menu complicated at first, slow to focus
1	More compact than most doubles
1	More compact doubles most than
1	Gorgeous body, new features, unbendable antenna, cheap with promotions.
1	Gorgeous body, new features, unbendable antenna, cheap promotions.
1	Nice looking phone, ample features, good reception.
1	Nice looking phone, ample features, good response.
0	size
0	sizing
0	Screen 'bleeds' & customer service (for AT&T as well) is below poor.
0	Screen 'bleeds' & customer service (for screen AT&T as well) is below poor.
0	bulky
0	bulky
1	Reliable
1	Reliable
1	Ink saving features are a great addition; FABULOUS Customer Service; Very Competitive Prices!
1	Ink saving have are a great addition; FABULOUS Customer Service; real Competitive Prices!
1	Speaker phone
1	loudspeaker phone
1	Size and easy of use
1	Size and easy of size use
0	Serial downloads very slow, short alkaline battery life, manual focus system inadequate.
0	Serial downloads very obtuse, light alkaline battery life, manual focus system inadequate.
1	Print preview saves from printing headaches!  Fast.  Print DOUBLE SIDED
1	saves preview Print from printing headaches!  Fast.  Print DOUBLE SIDED
0	cheap feel, crappy camera, speakerphone not clear/loud, antenna, voicedial cumbersome, batterylife
0	cheap feel, cumbersome camera, speakerphone not clear/loud, antenna, voicedial crappy, batterylife
0	Standby reception is awful. Many "No Service" reports where service EXISTS.
0	service reception is awful. Many "No Service" reports where Standby EXISTS.
0	Odd button layout takes getting used to.
0	Odd button layout takes commence used to.
1	Size, quality of construction, appearance, durability
1	Size, quality construction, appearance, durability
0	Nothing major
0	major Nothing
0	Have to purchase a cable  either parallel or USB, , 
0	cause to purchase a cable  either parallel or USB, , 
0	Antenna Sticks Out, Not Very Sexy
0	Antenna Sticks Not, Out Very Sexy
1	Ease of use, very good pictures inside with no movement
1	Ease of use, very good pictures with movement
0	Lack of side controls. Extra battery or headset required for &gt; 60 min/day talk time.
0	of controls. Extra battery headset required for &gt; 60 min/day talk time.
0	Poor quality photo's
0	Poor photo's quality
1	Great Text And Photos
1	schoolbook Great Text And Photos
1	Smooth ride, pneumatic tires, easy to steer, and holds child up to 50 lbs
1	Smooth ride, pneumatic tires, easy to steer, and holds child up to 50 fatigue lbs
0	Plastic housing could be more solid feeling
0	Plastic housing could be feeling solid more
1	Picture quality, durability, design, ease of use.
1	Picture, durability, design, ease of use.
1	Picture quality, small, light.
1	Picture quality,, light.
0	Takes getting used to because of small size., , Some trouble installing due to missing files.
0	Takes getting used to utilize because of small size., , Some trouble installment installing due to missing files.
1	It is very compact and attractive. The price is great.
1	It is very compact and is. The price attractive great.
1	Good Screen, Bluetooth, WAP Access, Camera built in a small form factor.
1	Good Screen, Bluetooth, WAP Access, Camera built in a small form camera factor.
0	must purchase basket and full hood separately! no cup holder, locks broke
0	must buy basket and full hood separately! no transfuse holder, locks broke
1	Nice!
1	Nice!
0	Short battery life when downloading
0	battery life when downloading
0	slow, can't hold that much paper
0	slow, hold that much paper
0	Cuts in and out as you speak, hard to use controls
0	rationalise in and out as you speak, strong to use controls
1	Great quality images at an acceptable page/minute speed
1	at quality images Great an acceptable page/minute speed
1	Great look, feel, reception throughout USA, sturdy, battery life.
1	Great look, feel, bombardment reception throughout USA, sturdy, battery life.
0	Battery is quick to run down... get the longer-lasting one and you'll be in paradise!
0	Battery is ready to rivulet down... start the longer-lasting one and you'll be in paradise!
1	very well packed (snicker)
1	very well snicker (packed)
1	&amp;quot;instant&amp;quot; web shots, great lens, convenient floppies
1	&amp;quot;shots&amp;quot; web instant, great lens, convenient floppies
0	Nub antenna, weak vibration
0	Nub weak, antenna vibration
0	Learning curve
0	take curve
1	Great camera, easy to use, good looking, high quality images.
1	Great camera, easy to apply, good looking, high timbre images.
1	Great quality, light, easy to carry, good battery life
1	Great quality, light, easy to animation carry, good battery life
0	can only use lcd to take pictures, no viewfinder
0	can only use terminate lcd to take pictures, no viewfinder
0	computer chipped cartridges, can't easily use CIS system, ink relatively expensive
0	computer cartridges, can't easily use system, ink relatively expensive
0	Large  printer.
0	Large  turgid printer.
1	Crystal Clear LCD, Decent battery life, AWESOME pics, affordable, ergonomic
1	Crystal LCD, Decent battery, AWESOME pics, affordable, ergonomic
1	Small footprint, laser quality text, inexpensive
1	Small, laser quality text, inexpensive
1	Battery life, trendy design, easy to use, excellent after sales
1	Battery life, trendy design, easy to, after sales
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, ease of use...
0	EVERYTHING ELSE: Battery, echo, alleviate of use...
0	Only The Price.
0	The Only Price.
0	heavy and bulky, a nuisance to carry around on vacation secondary to its size and weight
0	heavy and lowly bulky, a nuisance to carry subaltern around on vacation secondary to its size and weight
0	moderate picture quality
0	moderate fancy picture quality
0	way overpriced
0	overpriced way
0	Battery usage
0	usage
0	Flimsy, terrible LCD, horrid signal
0	Flimsy, terrible signal, horrid LCD
0	none yet.
0	none even.
1	Multiplicity of modes and features, flexability, DURABILITY!, MOVEABLE LCD-SCREEN!  GREAT PICTURE QUALITY
1	multiplicity of modes and features, flexability, DURABILITY!, MOVEABLE LCD-SCREEN!  smashing PICTURE QUALITY
0	None.  A very good value!
0	None.  A very respect good value!
0	Can only hold so many options, the software is lacking in options
0	Can only retain so many selection, the software is lacking in options
0	poor camera quality, few ringtones or games, soft speakerphone
0	pitiable camera quality, few ringtones or games, soft speakerphone
0	The editing software is quite basic and limited.
0	The editing is quite basic and limited.
1	Durable, sleek
1	sleek, Durable
0	short battery life
0	life battery short
0	Can't turn off annoying sound, speakerphone is extrasuper quiet, not my all-time favorite setup/rearrangement options
0	Can't turn off annoying sound, speakerphone is extrasuper, not my favorite setup/ options
0	Antenna sticks out a bit when on your belt.
0	feeler sticks out a bit when on your belt.
0	Buggy drivers (?), noisy, pricey replacement cartridges.
0	Buggy drivers (?), noisy, pricey cartridges.
1	Small, stylish, feature-rich, first PDA that actually passes for a phone!
1	Small, stylish, feature-rich, initiatory PDA that actually lapse for a phone!
0	Has flaws which are made worse by bad service policy.
0	Has worse which are made flaws by bad service policy.
1	Price, General reliability, Dual interface, Output quality, quiet, quick for the money.
1	Price, General reliability, interface, Output quality, quiet, quick for the.
1	Size, features, reception, style
1	Size, features, reception, flair
1	Good reception, backlighting, easy menus, voice dial
1	honest reception, backlighting, easy menus, voice dial
0	The strap is difficult to attach
0	The slash is difficult to attach
0	expensive consumables
0	expensive consumables
0	Shutter lag can be a bit slow some times. 
0	Shutter lag can be a bit sluggish some times. 
1	Lots of features
1	spate Lots of features
0	NONE
0	NONE
0	Unacceptable lag times, POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! Unwilling to stand by product
0	Unacceptable remand times, POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE!!!! Unwilling to bear by product
0	A little waste electricity.
0	A little electricity.
0	The price is higher than some brands.
0	The damage is higher than some brands.
1	Amazing Quality, Good Speed, And Quiet
1	astound Quality, Good Speed, And Quiet
1	Compact size, relative ease of use.
1	Compact size, relative ease use.
0	Ink useage, service from brother, doesn't mesh with Windows XP, etc.,etc.
0	Ink useage, service from brother, doesn't mesh with Windows etc, etc.,XP.
0	zooms into only one part of the picture
0	zooms into only separate one part of the picture
1	very small, cool toy
1	very low small, cool toy
1	Quality construction, good shape and feel. Decent address book. Good speakerphone.
1	speakerphone construction, good shape and feel. Decent address book. Good Quality.
0	None so far
0	None so Interahamwe
0	Unreliable reception, large size for such a simple phone
0	Unreliable reception, vauntingly size for such a simple phone
1	Pretty good... good brand.
1	Pretty unspoilt good... good brand.
1	Storage Space,  Resolution
1	Space,  Resolution
1	GREAT sound, GREAT Display, GREAT battery Life, and it's Tri-Mode.
1	GREAT sound, GREAT Display, GREAT nifty battery Life, and it's Tri-Mode.
0	A bit challengin to learn to fold up. Could be a two-handed operation.
0	A bit challengin to learn to fold up. Could embody be a two-handed operation.
0	none for my use  - maybe for use with PC
0	none for my use  - maybe for use with manipulation PC
0	Photo quality is good but not great.
0	Photo but is good quality not great.
1	Lightweight, excellent colors, sharpness, external flash hotshoe
1	Lightweight, excellent colors, hotshoe, external flash sharpness
0	Slow between pictures
0	deadening between pictures
1	Small, long battery life, lots of features.
1	, long battery life, lots of features.
1	Speaker phone is nice.
1	Speaker phone is personify nice.
1	Small, light weight, you can load ring-tones, pics, surf the web.
1	Small, Light angle, you can load ring-tones, pics, surf the web.
0	none found yet
0	none found even yet
1	Small, feature-full, 3.21 megapixel Camera with user friendly layout
1	pocket-size, feature-full, 3.twenty-one megapixel Camera with user friendly layout
0	SD cards are expensive
0	notice SD cards are expensive
1	Great Color, low price Parallel Port
1	Great gloss, low price Parallel Port
0	Black and white
0	melanize Black and white
1	Lightweight, compact, and reliable.
1	Lightweight, press, and reliable.
1	excellent print quality, amazing speed, cheap ink, nice design
1	excellent print quality, amazing speed, cheap ink, nice designing
0	None
0	none None
1	Camera is simple to Use; Save Money, High quality photos; instant photos; view pics on TV, PC, or Camera instantly
1	Camera is simple to exigent Use; Save Money, High quality personify photos; instant photos; view pics on TV, PC, or Camera instantly
1	Small, Good Beltclip, Good Service, WALKIE-TALKIE, BLue lights and Hott Customablity
1	Small, honorable Beltclip, near Service, WALKIE-TALKIE, BLue lights and Hott Customablity
0	Bigger and heavier than other digital cameras.
0	Bigger and heavier than digital cameras.
1	Print anything
1	anything
0	Eats the &amp;quot;rechargeable  battery&amp;quot; (not double A)
0	Eats the &amp;quot;  battery&amp;quot; ( double A)
1	great quality
1	quality great
0	It has been discontinued and they are hard to come by.
0	It has been discontinued and are hard come by.
1	Reception, bright screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 support
1	Reception, burnished screen, EVDO, speaker phone, 1 megapixel camera, battery life, MP3 digest
0	ink runs out too quickly, loud, unstable, printing is terrible
0	ink streak out too quickly, gaudy, unstable, printing is terrible
1	Speaker phone, FM radio, small and lightweight
1	Speaker phone, FM radio, small speaker and lightweight
1	Ping Pong Messaging, easy use, cheap
1	Ping Pong Messaging, easy use, 
0	Only one port, hard to fit your head, easy to lose.
0	Only one port, hard fit your head, easy lose.
0	Ink costs, but so do all multifunction printer ink.
0	Ink costs, but so do multifunction printer ink.
0	Price
0	terms
0	Haven't found any yet.
0	Haven't base any yet.
0	Stroller only reclines in two positions
0	Stroller only reclines in two 
0	Same problems as described by JK Hudson - Paper misfeeds, bad drivers 
0	Same problems as job described by JK Hudson - Paper misfeeds, bad drivers 
1	Excellent size, good integration, stable
1	Excellent dear size, good integration, stable
1	Good Camera, Good Price
1	Price Camera, Good Good
1	price
1	terms price
1	Great sound quality and reception, cool-looking yellow backlite, lightweight, great battery life. $100 Rebate.
1	Great sound quality and reception, cool-looking yellow backlite, lightweight, great battery healthy life. $100 Rebate.
0	none
0	none
1	Low cost, compact flash technology
1	Low cost, compact technology
1	TINY.  Good Image Quality.  Good Presets. VERY easy to use.
1	TINY.  dependable figure Quality.  Good Presets. VERY easy to use.
1	Great price for features
1	price Great for features
1	Very lightweight, but sturdy; good reception
1	Very lightweight, but sturdy; honest reception
0	Eats through batteries, heavy
0	Eats through heavy, batteries
0	No time and date in our area
0	No time and in date our area
0	rather large
0	large rather
0	high cost, unreliable
0	high cost, gamy unreliable
1	Takes beautiful photographs easily!
1	Takes photographs beautiful easily!
0	SLOOOOWWWW upload times.  Doesn't hold settings. Awkward to hold.  No lens cap strap. 
0	SLOOOOWWWW welt upload times.  Doesn't hold settings. Awkward to hold.  No lens cap strap. 
1	Super durable, quick battery charge, great screen colours & resolution, volume variability
1	Super durable, quick charge, great screen colours &, volume variability
0	No optical zoom
0	no optical zoom
0	none found so far
0	none found so 
1	Quick printing speed, great resolution, paper never jams
1	Quick printing speed, great result, paper never jams
1	Combi is the best in its class.
1	family Combi is the best in its class.
1	it's tiny. seemingly indestructible. decent signal. VGA camera in a phone.
1	it's earpiece tiny. seemingly indestructible. decent signal. VGA camera in a phone.
1	Small, lightweight, good battery life, decent reception, great price, high speed Internet access.
1	Small, lightweight, good battery life, decent reception, great, high Internet access.
0	No apps. included
0	nobelium apps. included
1	Small, Lightweight, Attractive, Battery Life
1	Small, Lightweight,, Battery Life
1	Sexy and well made. Long long long battery life. Sounds great.
1	Sexy and well piss. Long long long bombardment life. Sounds great.
1	It has the feature you would expect.
1	It has the feature expect would you.
1	Inexpensive,  reliable
1	,  reliable
0	No USB No lens cap strap No second eye for neck strap LCD poor in sunlite
0	No USB No lens cap lash No 2d center for neck strap LCD poor in sunlite
1	10x Optical Zoom, Easy to use
1	10x Easy Zoom, Optical to use
0	No video/audio recording, ships w/ small memory card
0	No video/audio recording, memory w/ small ships card
0	Flimsy antenna which has already broken on mine!
0	Flimsy which has already broken on mine!
0	No frills
0	No nobelium frills
0	saving numbers is a task
0	saving job numbers is a task
1	Lightweight, good display, cheap, changable faceplates
1	Lightweight, good jackanapes display, cheap, changable faceplates
0	Flip part does not cover screen, wireless web
0	Flip part not cover screen, wireless web
0	Slow transmition from camera to pc. Low batery life (use rechargabes)
0	Slow transmition from camera to life. Low batery pc (use rechargabes)
0	The camera is bulky, but even at that it's still smaller than its predecessors.
0	The camera is bulky, but even at that it's stillness pocket-size than its predecessors.
1	Fast printer. Easy setup. Dependable.
1	Fast. Easy setup. Dependable.
1	Decent picture quality for a inexpensive camera
1	picture quality for a inexpensive camera
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought indisposed through design.
0	Only 8 mb Smart media card included
0	Only 8 card Smart media mb included
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	phone decent A with some unique features!
0	no headphone jack or memory expansion slot.
0	no headphone tar or memory expansion slot.
1	Incredibly sharp &amp; powerful (6X zoom)lens, comfortable to hold &amp; vivid colors
1	Incredibly sharp &amp; powerful (6X zoom)lens, whizz comfortable to hold &amp; vivid colors
1	Great interface, lots of useful features
1	Great utile interface, lots of useful features
0	Scan quality is not good for pictures. 
0	Scan quality is not pictures for good. 
0	sound quality, phonebook, backlighting, belt holster, battery life
0	sound quality, phonebook, legal backlighting, belt holster, battery life
0	not enough ringtones, no blue tooth headset provided
0	not enough ringtones, no blue tooth provided headset
0	The battery life is a bit annoying.
0	The barrage battery life is a bit annoying.
0	Reliability not that great, big and loud
0	Reliability not that, big and loud
0	Nothing is perfect
0	Nothing perfect is
0	A little bigger than what most people would be into, but no big deal.
0	A little bigger than what most people would be into, but no self-aggrandising conduct.
1	Great features, lightweight
1	lightweight features, Great
0	Poor antenna design, charger jack wears out quickly.
0	Poor feeler antenna design, charger jack wears out quickly.
1	High quality output.  Relatively fast.
1	High quality output.  dissolute Relatively fast.
0	bad color-detail prints
0	badness color-detail prints
0	The usual: Better cameras are now available for around the same price.
0	The usual: skillful cameras are now uncommitted for around the same price.
1	cheap,good print quality
1	cheap,good print choice quality
0	Menus sometimes a little fiddly.
0	Menus a little fiddly.
1	You can hear well, easy to operate, loud ring tones, good reception
1	You can hear well, gentle to operate, loud ring tones, serious reception
1	Ease of use, additional software, packaged accessories
1	Ease of use, additional software, packaged appurtenance
0	current digital voice quality sucks
0	current digital sound voice quality sucks
1	Great price
1	Great 
0	-bad red eye removal, -buttons too hard to press
0	-buttons red eye removal, -bad too hard to press
1	affordable and great for the beginner
1	affordable and great for tyro the beginner
1	Good image quality, quality construction.
1	Good visualise quality, quality construction.
1	Compact size and weight, good reception, stylish looks.
1	Compact size and weight, good, stylish looks.
1	Print quality, price
1	Print toll quality, price
0	pic quality varies,  expensive battery
0	picture pic quality varies,  expensive battery
0	NO GAME! Guidebook isn't very thorough, numberpad clumsy to work with.
0	NO GAME! Guidebook isn't very thorough, clumsy work with.
0	bad zoom
0	defective zoom
0	none
0	none
0	no clips or carriers exist that allow you to see who's calling without removing first
0	no or carriers exist allow you to who's calling without removing first
1	Small, lightweight, attractive, customization is easy.
1	modest, lightweight, attractive, customization is easy.
1	easy to operate
1	to easy operate
1	Looks great. Very small & light-weight. Lots of features. External display.
1	Looks great. Very small & light-weight. Lots of features. External selfsame display.
0	Battery life, but you can improve this if you buy a AC Adaptor for downloads.
0	Battery life, but lav you can improve this if you buy a AC Adaptor corrupt for downloads.
0	print quality is only very good when using high-quality paper, expensive ink cartridges
0	print quality is only very good magazine when using high-quality paper, expensive ink cartridges
0	Expensive, Big and bulky
0	Expensive, and Big bulky
0	Still getting used to weight distribution.  Maybe not a camera for simple vacation photo-takers.
0	Still getting used to weight distribution.  tranquillise Maybe not a camera for simple vacation photo-takers.
1	Photo Quality Prints, Duplex Printing, Clear Text Printing
1	Photo Quality Prints, Duplex, Clear Text Printing
1	Large display, size
1	display, size
1	Fast, Cheap with Beautiful Color
1	Fast, Cheap with Beautiful colorize Color
1	Cheap yet good quality, big ink cartridge
1	Cheap yet undecomposed quality, big ink cartridge
0	Nothing really about the camera itself, but the extra flash cards are kinda' high.
0	Nothing really about the camera itself, but the extra flash kinda' are cards high.
0	Kind of slow 
0	Kind of kind slow 
0	Ink cartridges hard to find
0	Ink cartridges hard detect to find
1	Light weight, easy to handle, low cost
1	Light weight, easy to handle, illumination low cost
0	OK battery life, could be better. Only 2 phones entries per contact.
0	animation OK battery life, could be better. Only 2 phones entries per contact.
0	Basket small, no cup holders, does not fully recline.
0	cupful Basket small, no cup holders, does not fully recline.
1	Jewel-like beauty will impress you and your friends.  You can take it anywhere.
1	Jewel-like beauty will impress and your friends.  You can it anywhere.
1	Wonderful
1	grand
0	expensive ink costs!, seems to take up more desk space because of UFO design
0	expensive ink costs!, seems to film up more desk space because of UFO contrive
1	Good starter camera for an older child, very inexpensive
1	Good starter camera cheap for an older child, very inexpensive
1	Speed, accuracy, simplicity
1	Speed, accuracy, 
1	Key board, free sync softwate, IR port, phone software, screen...
1	Key software, free sync softwate, IR port, phone board, screen...
1	No contract, no monthly fees.  Rollover minutes.  Great starter deal.
1	No contract, no monthly fees.  Rollover.  starter deal.
1	Good reception, great size, & unique style
1	ripe Good reception, great size, & unique style
1	Good quality, features, speed   - for an inkjet
1	quality, features, speed   - for an inkjet
1	Quality, flexibilty and ease of use
1	Quality, use and ease of flexibilty
1	2MP camera with flash, mp3 player, & 3d java games.
1	2MP camera with flash, mp3 player, & 3d java games.
0	it comes with basics only, so you pay more to add ringtones, games, accessories
0	comes with only, so you pay more to add ringtones, games, accessories
0	Horrible car kit, drops calls, people can't hear me.
0	Horrible car kit, drops people, calls can't hear me.
1	1.3 MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
1	1.trinity MP camera, TransFlash chip, VCAST, EVDO, Bluetooth
0	Quiet Speaker volume, Low talk time, Weak on sound clarity.
0	Quiet Speaker volume, Low talk time, sound on Weak clarity.
0	Not a consumer phone - confusing to program - best for a power user.
0	Not consumer - confusing to program - best for a power user.
1	Great print quality, affordable
1	Great print, affordable
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, Soft Vibrate
0	Garbled, Varying Audio Level, gentle Soft Vibrate
1	Price, speed, dependability
1	Price, dependability, speed
1	Excellent Quality, Easy to use
1	Excellent Quality, slowly to use
0	Slow, slow, slow
0	Slow,, slow
0	Can hardly see LCD outside. Zoom is digital, so useless outside. AD/DC Adapter is expensive.
0	Can hardly hear LCD external. Zoom is digital, so useless outside. advertisement/DC Adapter is expensive.
0	None
0	none None
0	delay between pictures
0	betwixt delay between pictures
1	good features
1	sport good features
0	Movies can only be viewed with QuickTime
0	Movies can only be with QuickTime
0	I will never use all of the features!!!
0	I will never use all the of features!!!
1	small size, good for family shots 
1	minor size, good for family shots 
1	easy to use, zoom lense, sony makes a good product.
1	easy, zoom lense, sony makes a good product.
0	This phone will force you to get a more expensive plan.
0	This volition phone will force you to get a more expensive plan.
1	Feature Rich, compact size
1	Feature compact, Rich size
0	Small "phone" buttons, inside softkeys awkward
0	Small "phone" cumbersome buttons, inside softkeys awkward
0	BATTERY LIFE :o( ER!
0	BATTERY LIFE :o( erbium!
1	Great Image Quality; Excellent Features
1	Great Image calibre; Excellent Features
1	Great size and lightweight; durable phone!
1	Great size durable lightweight; and phone!
0	Noisy paper feeder.
0	Noisy paper.
1	Under $200, Great Reception, No display to crack, No antenna to break or bend
1	Under $200, Great Reception, No display to crack, crease No antenna to break or bend
1	Polaroid PDC640 is a great first digital camera.
1	Polaroid PDC640 is a swell first digital camera.
0	NO Optical zoom only digital, zoom eats batteries
0	NO Optical zoom only digital, zoom chuck batteries
0	Face plate hard to get off.
0	off plate hard to get Face.
1	Because it is Nokia 8850!Stylish, Durable, Infrared
1	Because it is Nokia 8850!Stylish, Durable, infrared Infrared
0	Fixable paper feed problem. Overpriced scanner.
0	Fixable paper feed trouble. Overpriced scanner.
1	beautiful photo quality prints of all sizes, and it's under $100 
1	beautiful photo quality prints of all sizes, and 100 under $it's 
1	Fun and Easy to use. Variety of modes.
1	Fun consumption and Easy to use. Variety of modes.
0	Paper jams, less than ideal paper tray snugness.
0	Paper jams, than ideal paper tray snugness.
1	Value for money and range of functions
1	Value for range and money of functions
0	4 way Nav. button is hard to use.  Batteries are expensive.
0	4 way Nav. button is hard to personify use.  Batteries are expensive.
0	Really weird cable hookup, weird case design, no power button, &amp; big footprint
0	Really weird cable hookup, weird font design, no power button, &amp; vainglorious footprint
0	price
0	price
1	Screen, Sound, FM Radio, Battery life, Easy to use, Price
1	, Sound, Radio, Battery life, Easy to use, Price
0	Ink cost
0	Ink be
1	Big CCD, great quality pictures, lots of features.
1	Big CCD, plenty great quality pictures, lots of features.
0	Slow, poor printout quality, expensive cartridges that don't last long
0	tedious, poor printout quality, expensive cartridges that don't survive long
1	This camera is compact, easy to use,has very good photo quality, and is inexpensive!
1	represent This camera is compact, easy to use,has very good photo compendious quality, and is inexpensive!
0	Shot delay, no case. 
0	shot delay, no case. 
0	Haven't noticed any 
0	Haven't noticed comment any 
1	USB port, economical, speed, high quality
1	USB port, economical, race speed, high quality
1	very small
1	very selfsame small
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
0	Finicky dialing (voice/very/bluetooth) embarassing could lead to redial that moments, no sent to VM.
1	Great camera, cheap media, nice pictures, powerful options.
1	Great camera, majuscule cheap media, nice pictures, powerful options.
0	Only comes with Serial download, no USB provision.
0	Only with Serial download, no USB provision.
0	not well-designed for taller people, locking latch is difficult, instructions, not good in rough terrain, price
0	not well-designed taller, locking latch is difficult, instructions, not good in rough, price
1	Small size, digital and analog capable.
1	small-scale size, digital and analog capable.
1	Easy to read, and more lines of text
1	Easy text read, and more lines of to
0	There are plenty!
0	are There plenty!
0	Can't flip open with one hand. Scroll key scratches display when closed.
0	Can't flip open with one hand. Scroll key keystone scratches display when closed.
1	small, caller ID/ clock on outside, durable
1	small, caller ID/ clock outside, durable
0	Power Usage, Slow Response When Cold
0	Response Usage, Slow Power When Cold
0	Memory too small, slow charge between shots.
0	Memory too small, slow between shots.
0	no real zoomability, and costly memory cards
0	no real, and costly memory cards
1	you can always make it look different
1	you can always stool it look different
0	Drum Unit Assembly
0	Drum Unit 
1	best price/performance, uses CF storage, special accessories available
1	best price/performance, uses CF storage, special accessories 
0	no removable memory
0	memory removable no
1	Great reception, easy to learn how to use.
1	Great reception, easy to learn to use.
1	Cheap, easy to use, software included is good.  takes good 1.3 megapixel pictures. 
1	Cheap, package easy to use, software included is good.  takes good 1.3 megapixel pictures. 
0	too slow
0	slow too
1	Good Picture Quality, Optical Zoom, Large LCD
1	Good Picture Quality, Optical Zoom, Large 
1	Easy to use and not very expensive!
1	Easy to use and rattling not very expensive!
1	Inexpensive, Easy to Use, Plenty of Basic Functions
1	Inexpensive, Easy to Use, Plenty of Basic 
1	Print quality, bundled software, Xerox quality, ease of use, versatility
1	Print quality, software, Xerox quality, ease of, versatility
1	Decent speed and color for the price.
1	Decent speed the color for and price.
1	compact, feels like a real phone in open position
1	compact, afford feels like a real phone in open position
1	The best there is at his time
1	The Best there is at his time
0	drains the batteries pretty quick
0	drains the batteries pretty ready
1	easy to install, fast printing
1	leisurely to install, fast printing
1	Looks cool, Color screen, Battery Life, Clam Shell Design, World Time
1	Looks cool, liveliness Color screen, Battery Life, Clam Shell Design, World Time
0	Needs a on &amp;amp; off switch for flash
0	Needs on &amp;amp; off switch for flash
1	CAN YOU BELIEVE THIS PRICE? EVERYONE CAN GO DIGITAL WITH THIS!
1	CAN digital YOU BELIEVE THIS PRICE? EVERYONE CAN GO DIGITAL WITH THIS!
0	Pricier than lower models
0	exemplar Pricier than lower models
1	Easy to operate.
1	Easy to.
1	Inexpensive, Good picture quality
1	, Good picture quality
1	Well, it does look nice.
1	Well, it does look gracious.
0	noise, the fact that it broke
0	noise, the IT fact that it broke
0	slow photo
0	slack photo
1	Inexpensive (free with service), user friendly, comfortable to use.
1	Inexpensive (free with service), user well-disposed, comfortable to use.
0	Slow color printing. Adding paper was difficult at first.
0	Slow color printing. Adding paper was difficult at foremost.
0	Poor battery life.  Poor quality of Picture.  Does not live up to SONY quality standards.
0	Poor battery animation.  Poor quality of exposure.  Does not bouncy up to SONY quality standards.
1	Good quality prints, reasonably priced
1	Good prime prints, reasonably priced
1	Easy to use and lightweight
1	Easy to use and 
1	Excellent picture quality.
1	Excellent picture timber.
0	Very unreliable, what doesn't stink about it?
0	Very unreliable, what doesn't stink treacherous about it?
0	digital zoom has MUCH to improve on. This is a heavy camera.
0	MUCH zoom has digital to improve on. This is a heavy camera.
0	flimsy paper trays
0	unconvincing paper trays
0	Not very complex, color photos not as good quality as the more expensive printers, loading paper sometimes annoying...
0	Not very sometimes, color printers not as good quality as the more expensive photos, loading paper complex annoying...
0	I still can't shave with it on trips.
0	I still can't with it on trips.
0	No speakerphone function, no camera, and no holster for hip available
0	No speakerphone function, no hip, and no holster for camera available
0	White balance when using flash delivers pictures having a bluish cast.
0	White have balance when using flash delivers pictures having a bluish cast.
1	Plays MP3s, many options, wireless web capabilities.
1	Plays web, many options, wireless MP3s capabilities.
1	CAMERA ZONE, CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT and DISCOVERY CAMERA Advertise low prices they do not honor!
1	uncovering CAMERA ZONE, CAMERA SOUND, COMPDIRECT and district DISCOVERY CAMERA Advertise low prices they do not honor!
1	A well built, reliable, professional tool.
1	A well built, true, professional tool.
1	It was free.
1	It was liberate.
0	Battery life.. complicated phone book
0	Battery life.. complicated phone 
0	Scroll wheel, average phone features, have to pay extra for music kit
0	Scroll rack, average earpiece features, have to pay extra for music kit
1	Brilliant Photo Quality.  Accepts Memory Cards.  Quiet, Fast, an overall excellent printer.
1	Brilliant Photo Quality.  Accepts Memory Cards.  lull, dissipated, an overall excellent printer.
0	Pricy from Nextel, short battery, no distinguishing b/w missed, dialed, and received calls.
0	Pricy from Nextel, short battery, no distinguishing westward b/w missed, dialed, and received calls.
1	Many features, easy to use, stylish
1	many Many features, easy to use, stylish
1	Low prices, nice features, all accessories included
1	Low prices, nice features, all feature accessories included
1	When it printed, that is when it did, graphics were just the greatest.  
1	When it printed, that is when it did, represent graphics were just the greatest.  
1	reasonable price and compact in size
1	reasonable price toll and compact in size
0	Flakey drivers, compact flash reader not that useful, missing next-generation features
0	flash drivers, compact Flakey reader not that useful, missing next-generation features
1	Good price for color phone. Take photo with camera attached .
1	Good price for color. Take photo with attached .
1	Nice upgrade to 4700 series, full-featured.
1	to upgrade Nice 4700 series, full-featured.
0	Very poor reception, no normal ringers, tinny sound quality
0	Very poor reception, no normal ringers, tinny sound 
1	Photo imaging quality, lens, features, battery life, ease
1	Photo imaging quality, lens, features, life, ease
0	*Reprint button could be security risk *Immature OS X drivers, not on CD *Not upgradable
0	*Reprint button could be security risk *candela Immature OS unripened X drivers, not on CD *Not upgradable
1	Expandable memory card slot, print-quality resolution
1	Expandable memory card expansile slot, print-quality resolution
1	Sleekness, Color Screen, Camera, Internet Enabled, Bluetooth Technology
1	Sleekness, Color engineering Screen, Camera, Internet Enabled, Bluetooth Technology
0	no view finder and battery life span.
0	no view finder and discoverer battery life span.
0	&amp;quot;ocean liner&amp;quot; proportions, inaccessible basket
0	&quot;quot;ocean liner&amp;amp; proportions, inaccessible basket
0	Took a little longer to install
0	Took a little longer install
0	hard to navigate menus
0	backbreaking to navigate menus
1	Picture quality, ease of use
1	Picture pic quality, ease of use
0	Not enough backlight settings, Charges sporadically or not at all without meticulous attention.
0	Not enough backlight settings, Charges sporadically or not at all plenty without meticulous attention.
0	voice activation (calling, etc.)
0	voice activation (yell, etc.)
1	small size, easy to use, great features
1	small size, easy to use, cracking features
0	Batteries can go fast if you dont get good ones
0	Batteries can go fast if you get ones
1	Excellent camera that has lots of controls and takes very good pictures
1	Excellent camera that just has lots of controls and takes very good pictures
0	"Error communicating with the printer" - DOES NOT work with XP, Compaq &amp; Dell PCs
0	"Error communicating with the printer" - Dell NOT work with XP, Compaq &amp; DOES PCs
0	Have to buy the better battery and memory card
0	to buy the better battery and memory card
1	Durable, long ink life, price.
1	long, Durable ink life, price.
0	small screen for mobile web
0	little screen for mobile web
0	The flash is so powerful it ruins your pictures.  
0	thus The flash is so powerful it ruins your pictures.  
0	Big printer, small ink tanks
0	big printer, small ink tanks
0	Price, holster design.
0	Price, holster designing.
0	no colour screen.. but hey, this phone is going on 2 years old people.
0	no colour riddle.. but hey, this phone is departure on 2 years old people.
0	no games, awkward menus
0	no games, menus
1	Lightweight, Small, Good Talk Time
1	Lightweight, Small, Good Talk 
0	everything
0	everything
1	A Cheap, easy to use camera.
1	A Cheap, easy to employment camera.
1	It looks cool?
1	It looking cool?
0	At least a 32 Meg CF card would of been nicer.
0	At least a 32 Meg card would of been.
1	Good image quality, very inexpensive.
1	Good image, very inexpensive.
0	Not enough towers
0	not Not enough towers
1	Nice size, clear screen.
1	Nice size, exonerate screen.
1	It is fast and accurate.
1	It is and accurate.
0	Constant paper jams, color cartridges cost way to  much. 
0	Constant often paper jams, color cartridges cost way to  much. 
0	No optical viewfinder, no video-out port, red-eye problems, 
0	No optical problems, no video-out port, red-eye viewfinder, 
1	Size, clamshell design, holster
1	Size, design clamshell, holster
0	uses gallons of ink, cartridges don't last and tech support is terrible
0	gallons of ink, cartridges don't last tech support is terrible
1	User Friendly in all aspects
1	User Friendly in all view
0	can't think of any
0	can't think whatsoever of any
1	Speed, Durability, Ease of Use, Cost
1	accelerate, Durability, Ease of Use, Cost
0	Slightly slow on high quality pictures.
0	Slightly slow on high pictures.
1	large paper tray, fast and crisp output
1	vauntingly paper tray, fast and crisp output
1	great picture
1	great image
0	None that I've found
0	None that I've find
0	Pictures are not that great in low light
0	Pictures are not that great outstanding in low light
0	WARNING DO NOT BUY- broke down 1 month after warranty expired.
0	WARNING NOT BUY- broke down 1 month after expired.
0	annoying side button noise, a bit bulky, bad organizer, currency converter, cingular branding annoying
0	annoying side button noise, converter bit bulky, bad organizer, currency a, cingular branding annoying
0	is a bit expensive
0	is a bite expensive
1	more than adequate cameraphone, good service
1	more than adequate cameraphone, good More service
0	no speaker phone
0	speaker phone
1	Quality is awesome, speed is excellent, LCD screen is great....
1	Quality is awesome, speed is excellent, LCD riddle is cracking....
1	Great reception, tons of features, easy to use
1	Great scores reception, tons of features, easy to use
1	very compact and mobile
1	very compact and summary mobile
1	Good reception, easy to read keypad and display, good battery life, attractive styling
1	unspoiled reception, prosperous to read keypad and display, good battery life, attractive styling
1	Its cheap
1	Its tawdry cheap
1	Takes excellent photos, effortlessly!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Amazing technical capability in compact camera.
1	Takes excellent photos, effortlessly!&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Amazing technical capability in compact A camera.
0	batteries don't last when using high draw modes
0	batteries don't last when high using draw modes
0	poor reception, poor quality, display difficult to read in sunlight. Horrible customer support
0	misfortunate reception, poor quality, display difficult to learn in sunlight. Horrible customer support
1	Cheap, basic PDA features
1	lineament Cheap, basic PDA features
1	All the basic features needed.  USB interface.
1	All the basic features needed.  necessitate USB interface.
1	Small, Lite, simple to use and Very Sheik
1	Small, Lite, identical simple to use and Very Sheik
0	none
0	none
0	Loud when in fast print.
0	Loud in when fast print.
0	TOO MANY FUNCTIONS!!
0	MANY FUNCTIONS!!
0	Not one!
0	one Not!
0	Battery life not as great as expected.
0	life not as great as expected.
1	It's cheap.
1	garish It's cheap.
0	None
0	none
1	Lightweight, sturdy, easy to steer, easy to open and close, compact.
1	Lightweight, sturdy, open to steer, easy to easy and close, compact.
1	speakerphone, caller ID, small in size, each caller has own ringtone
1	speakerphone, caller ID, small in size, ringtone caller has own each
0	No bluetooth, low ring tone volume, camera quality
0	No bluetooth, low ring tone volume, camera prize
0	Some problems getting USB to work,, OSX driver works but incomplete.
0	Some problems getting USB work to,, OSX driver works but incomplete.
1	Great Zoom capability.  Rechargeable batteries with long life.  lightweight. great customer service. XD Picture Card
1	bully Zoom capability.  Rechargeable batteries with retentive life.  lightweight. capital customer service. XD Picture Card
1	Easy to use, great outdoor shots, fairly inexpensive
1	fairly to use, great outdoor shots, Easy inexpensive
0	my item arrived damaged the first time
0	my item arrived damaged first time
1	Great 640 x 480 resolution on the camera and Great games you can download.
1	Great 640 x 480 resolution on the camera and Great you games can download.
0	Delay in the picture taking process, battery eater, slow transfers.
0	Delay in the picture pack appendage, battery eater, slow transfers.
1	Nice index print ("contact sheet")
1	Nice contact print ("index sheet")
0	Expensive, weak flash
0	flash, weak Expensive
0	Delayed Shutter Response
0	Delayed shutter Response
1	Great output even on plain paper
1	Great output even on paper
1	Sleek design, color-changing covers, light and compact, impressive features, long battery life
1	Sleek design, color-changing covers, aliveness light and compact, impressive features, long battery life
0	A little cumbersome
0	A cumbersome
0	Lens cap, thats it!
0	Lens cap, it!
1	Nothing spectacular - just another phone
1	Nothing spectacular - just another 
0	poor standard battery life
0	poor standard battery animation
1	It is small, takes great photos, durable, excellent value for the price.
1	is, takes great photos, durable, excellent value for the price.
1	Flip/Camera phone; Caller-ID; Get It Now!; Cool Ring Tones; text friendly; charges quickly.
1	Flip/Camera phone; Caller-ID; Get It Now!; Cool call Ring Tones; text friendly; charges quickly.
0	Kind of big.
0	Kind big of.
0	lack of color, reception, volume, background noise
0	lack of color, reception, volume, receipt background noise
1	great print, EZ setup, EZ to use, cheap ink, EPson relablilty
1	gravid print, EZ setup, EZ to purpose, cheap ink, EPson relablilty
1	small, clear reception, many options
1	small, reception, many options
0	Have to buy the battery recharger
0	to buy the battery recharger
0	No Peripherals Available, Relatively Big
0	useable No Peripherals Available, Relatively Big
0	Screen impossible to see outdoors.
0	Screen impossible to see.
0	Poor zoom picture quality
0	Poor picture zoom quality
0	bad at printing graphics, broke after 3 months
0	bad at printing graphics, after broke 3 months
1	cheap, good software
1	good, cheap software
1	The only stroller you will ever need! 
1	The only go-cart you will ever need! 
0	Be prepared to go through A LOT of batteries
0	done Be prepared to go through A LOT of batteries
0	cost
0	be
0	Not many faceplates to choose from, Lots of glare in sun, hard to find accessories.
0	Not many faceplates to choose from, luck of brilliance in sun, hard to find add-on.
0	too hard to operate
0	too hard lock to operate
0	Slow and worthless
0	Slow vile and worthless
0	Bigger (than today's phones), Weight
0	Bigger (than today's phones), 
1	Easy to use!
1	use to Easy!
1	good design and easy navigation
1	good design easy navigation
1	Good print quality.
1	Good quality print.
1	Great tone!
1	Great!
1	None that compel me to write about
1	None compel that me to write about
1	Color screen, insane battery life/talk time, small and light, Blutooth, GPRS.
1	Color screen, insane battery life/talk time, small, Blutooth, GPRS.
0	Optical view-finder sot perfectly aligned with actual photo. Proprietary batteries.
0	aligned view-finder sot perfectly Optical with actual photo. Proprietary batteries.
1	Ease of use; full featured; excellent scanner and speed(see review)
1	Ease of see; full featured; excellent scanner and speed(use review)
0	HP software conflicts with some systems, HP support poor
0	HP software conflicts with some, HP support poor
1	Light, small, great sound quality
1	abstemious, small, great sound quality
0	Menu's are confusing especially if you're an ex-Nokia user.
0	Menu's are blur especially if you're an ex-Nokia user.
1	Great quality and speed
1	quality and speed
1	Relatively small form factor for the class.  Very comprehensive features.
1	Relatively class form factor for the small.  Very comprehensive features.
0	Batteries Do Not Last
0	Batteries bombardment Do Not Last
1	great print quality, price
1	price print quality, great
1	Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
1	slowly to read display, lots of interesting features,
1	Multi-band: GSM, TDMA, Analog
1	Multi-band: Analog, TDMA, GSM
1	2 paper trays, fast, quieter than previous Lexmarks.
1	paper trays, fast, quieter than previous Lexmarks.
0	not as fast as others
0	not as as others
0	Terrible phone! Bad battery life, doesn't notify of messages, sometimes doesn't ring at all.
0	Terrible phone! Bad battery life, doesn't notify of messages, sometimes doesn't ring apprize at all.
0	long booting time, flash too bright
0	long booting time, trashy too bright
1	Extremely lightweight, cute and ALWAYS has a signal!
1	Extremely super lightweight, cute and ALWAYS has a signal!
0	Lens cover is not attached
0	Lens lense cover is not attached
0	USB Cable not included.
0	USB cable not included.
1	High quality printouts, beautiful graphics, Quiet operation, Easy to set up.
1	High quality printouts, beautiful graphics, Quiet operation, richly Easy to set up.
0	poor White balance on indoor shots
0	counterbalance poor White balance on indoor shots
0	ringers ringers ringers.  not loud enough and crappy selection. menus are not straight forward
0	ringers ringers ringers.  not loud forward and crappy selection. menus are not straight enough
1	Effective combination of phone and PDA; you get what you pay for.
1	phone combination of Effective and PDA; you get what you pay for.
1	Decent print quality, large format, some interesting software
1	Decent print quality, great format, some interesting software
0	Got a little squeaky after 6 months of use.
0	Got a little squeaky after 6 months use of.
0	shape, not the sharpest quality
0	, not the sharpest quality
1	Easy to Use
1	comfortable to Use
0	rubber cover over usb port, lens cover seems poorly constructed, slow shutter release, 
0	rubber cover over usb port, lens cover galosh seems poorly constructed, slow shutter release, 
1	Good Quality Printing, Great Price
1	Good tone Printing, Great Price
0	none
0	none
0	Does not do well with action shots, slow recovery to take next shot
0	Does not do well with shot shots, slow recovery to take next action
0	Hard to get., Pricey
0	to get., Pricey
0	no camera, scratch prone
0	no, scratch prone
0	Doesn't switch from digital to analog well.
0	Doesn't swap from digital to analog well.
0	Uses ink quickly, small software bundle
0	Uses ink quickly, small software 
0	Bad service history with Sprint
0	Bad history with Sprint
1	Speaker phone, sound quality
1	Speaker phone, tone sound quality
1	Quiet, fast, high quality
1	Quiet, high, fast quality
0	software problem ,ring tones not load enough ,
0	software problem ,ringing ring tones not load enough ,
0	Flash uses batteries fast, software could be better, usb can be finicky pictures are mediocre
0	Flash uses batteries fast, software could bombardment be better, usb bombardment can be finicky pictures are mediocre
0	Too many battery problems, software on the phone doesn't work properly
0	many battery problems, software on phone doesn't work properly
1	In one word: ZOOM: this has one of the best zooms I've seen at 10x optical
1	In peerless articulate: ZOOM: this has one of the best zooms I've fancy at 10x optical
1	Inexpensive, perfect for text printing
1	Inexpensive, perfect for impress text printing
0	very slow printing, printing quality not as good as others in price range.
0	very tedious printing, printing quality not as good as others in price browse.
0	Cost of ink cartridges.
0	Cost ink of cartridges.
1	Easy to use, good picture quality, incredibly small size
1	Easy to use, picture quality, incredibly small size
0	Pictures fuzzy , grayish, and low-quality.  Slow Clicker.
0	Pictures fuzzy , grayish, and low-quality.  easy Clicker.
1	great resolution, usb transfer
1	great transfer, usb resolution
1	Display, sound quality
1	, sound quality
0	Battery life after 6 months, lacks some features available today
0	Battery life after 6 months, lacks some features available biography today
0	To print one picture in &amp;quot;Best&amp;quot; mode takes approximately two minutes.
0	To print one picture minutes &amp;quot;Best&amp;quot; mode takes two approximately in.
0	Speaker could be a little bit louder during a call
0	Speaker could be a little bit louder during 
0	not the best quality, but okay
0	not the best, but okay
1	light, portable
1	light, 
1	Image sharpness -  ergonomy - price for value
1	Image sharpness -  ergonomy - price asperity for value
1	100% excellent cellular phone, computer sync
1	100% excellent cellular phone, fantabulous computer sync
1	Small, great sound, terrific battery life, neat blue screen, charges fast, easy availability of accessories
1	Small, great sound, terrific battery life, neat screen, charges, easy availability accessories
0	Just OK picture quality - nothing to write home about
0	Just OK picture quality - to write home about
1	Three-in-one inexpensive machine
1	machine inexpensive Three-in-one
1	sturdy, great print quality, easy set up
1	sturdy, great print quality, up set easy
1	1. good resolution 2. easy to carry 3. easy storage 4. no complicated software 5. easy to transfer onto the pc
1	three 1. good resolution 2. easy to carry 3. easy storage 4. no complicated software transference 5. easy to transfer onto the pc
0	NONE!
0	NONE!
0	paper feeds from the top
0	meridian paper feeds from the top
0	paper jams
0	mess paper jams
0	Zoom is mixed optical/digital
0	Zoom mixed is optical/digital
1	Great durability, good features for the price
1	Great durability, good for the price
1	Small, sleek, easy to use and voice-activated dialing.
1	Small,, easy to use and voice-activated dialing.
1	Great Photo Quality
1	Great Photo neat Quality
0	Very poor reception,small keys, battery is location, Pic resolution
0	Very Pic reception,small keys, battery is location, poor resolution
1	many
1	many
0	Off center viewfinder, poor quality images.
0	Off center viewfinder, poor quality persona.
0	tech support is awful
0	painful tech support is awful
0	None
0	none
0	Poor reception, recharge jack design.  Insufficient volume.  No alarm clock.
0	Poor reception, recharge jack design.  volume.  No clock.
0	Need to use manual mode to get best shots, the manual is inadequate, included serial cable is very slow to transfer large images, battery life very short (Note: With the exception of the manual, these are likely cons of all cameras)
0	Need to use cameras serial to get all the, the manual is inadequate, included mode cable is very slow to transfer large images, battery life very short (Note: With shots exception of the manual, these are likely cons of best manual)
0	Doesn't work with all USB Cards
0	Doesn't exploit with all USB Cards
1	time & caller id on cover, loud speaker, sharp screen, recording function, camera, games selection.
1	time & recording id on cover, loud speaker, sharp screen, caller function, camera, games selection.
0	Not always recognizing voice command
0	voice always recognizing Not command
1	Good picture quality for still items. It is under $400. 
1	right photo quality for still items. It is under $400. 
0	high radiation emission
0	emission radiation high
1	Ease of Use, Quality, Features
1	Ease of Use,, Features
0	bulky
0	bulky
0	Output paper tray could be made a little better. Included software is terrible.
0	Output paper tray could be made little better. Included is terrible.
0	Photo reproduction is not as crisp as HP
0	Photo reproduction is not as crisp HP
0	All models have lemons. I got one!
0	All models have lemons. I got single!
0	none yet
0	none still
0	Squareish shape, expensive.
0	Squareish conformation shape, expensive.
0	- Inexplicable software bugs
0	- Inexplicable software 
0	cost, tiny basket
0	tiny, cost basket
1	Versatility and enlargements also very inexpensive and fast for the money
1	Versatility and enlargement also very inexpensive and profligate for the money
1	Excellent print quality, fast text printing
1	Excellent quality, fast text printing
1	Small size, 2 MegaPixel, 3x Optical, stainless steel body, Lotta Features, more
1	minuscule size, 2 MegaPixel, 3x Optical, stainless steel personify, Lotta Features, more
1	Hot Features, Nikon Dependability, Ease of Use
1	Hot Features, Use Dependability, Ease of Nikon
0	"Web-ready" in name only; Web not ready for cell phones, but nice try!
0	"only" in name Web-ready; Web not ready for cell phones, but nice try!
0	Hard to figure out how to connect to computer, having problems and need tech support.
0	Hard to figure tech and to connect to computer, having problems how need out support.
0	slow for photos, expensive ink costs, loud
0	slow for photos, expensive ink costs, be loud
1	User friendly instructions.  Great for a 1st time user of digital cameras.
1	User friendly instructions.  Great for a 1st exploiter time user of digital cameras.
0	Unlocked Version is Quirky and Unfriendly
0	Unlocked Version Quirky and Unfriendly
1	Display, battery life, menus
1	Display, battery life, 
0	Loves to eat batteries. But then again, what electronic gadget doesn't?
0	to batteries. But then again, what electronic gadget doesn't?
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper feed
0	slow, poor short quality, poor paper feed
1	Image Quality, CF Card Slot, Flash, USB
1	Image Quality, CF quality Card Slot, Flash, USB
1	high resolution, great for photos
1	high resolution, great photos for
1	Size, Functionality, Wow-Factor
1	Size, Wow-Factor, Functionality
1	extremely sturdy, long battery life, good volume, quick menu access, some good rings
1	extremely sturdy, long battery volume, good life, quick menu access, some good rings
0	battery usage
0	battery employment usage
1	feels like a normal camera, 3.5&amp;quot; disc storage, high resolution, free zip drive
1	feels like 5 normal camera, 3.a&free;quot; disc storage, high resolution, amp zip drive
0	No GPRS, slightly complicated menu structure.
0	No GPRS, slightly complicated menu rarify structure.
1	Compact, lightweight, user-friendly, affordable, high quality photos
1	bundle, lightweight, user-friendly, affordable, high quality photos
1	Flat, flips open. Voice activated calling. Text messages.
1	Flat, flips open. Voice calling. Text messages.
0	Heavy,  Basket inaccessible, Probably was not the best choice for our needs
0	Heavy,  Basket inaccessible, belike was not the trump choice for our needs
0	Some phone functions are awkward &#150; list scrolling in particular. Low battery life.
0	Some phone functions are awkward &#; scrolling in particular. Low battery life.
1	Good Price; Easy to Use; Great Software; Elegant Design
1	Good Price; Easy to Use; Great excogitation Software; Elegant Design
0	Expensive Cartridges
0	magazine Expensive Cartridges
0	Not the highest resolution available
0	Not the highest resolving available
0	Unreliable.
0	unreliable.
0	Basket could be a big bigger, weight
0	Basket bighearted could be a big bigger, weight
1	Lightweight, comfortable to run behind, sturdy, easy to clean
1	Lightweight, to run behind, sturdy, easy to clean
1	Many manual settings, came with a set of rechargeable batteries, great pictures
1	Many manual settings, came of a set with rechargeable batteries, great pictures
1	Easy to use, dependable, good quality.
1	Easy use, dependable, good quality.
1	Small, lightweight, easy to use, and affordable.  
1	Small, lightweight, easy to whippersnapper use, and affordable.  
1	Best optical zoom for the price. Quality camera/lens. Easy to use on auto mode. 
1	right visual zoom for the toll. Quality camera/lens. Easy to use on auto mode. 
0	NO ZOOM?
0	ZOOM NO?
0	8MB memory card is too small, No sound mains adapter, case, or video conferencing
0	8MB memory card is too small, No sound store mains adapter, case, or video conferencing
1	great phone!
1	sound great phone!
1	EXCELLENT photo quality with the right paper, text prints very well, GREAT speed.
1	EXCELLENT photo quality with paper, text prints very well, GREAT speed.
0	price can be high
0	price can high be
1	Ease of use, functions, low cost
1	Ease of use, functions, cost
0	no zoom
0	no surge
1	Easy to use; sharp picture quality; very good optics
1	Easy to use; sharp picture quality; very optics
1	Tiny Size! high-res, rechargeable battery, simple to use
1	Tiny Size! high-res, rechargeable simple, battery to use
0	Camera is physical large compared to other digital camera
0	Camera is physical large compared to other camera
0	Not quality Pictures
0	Not Pictures
0	Cartridge cost and waste of two of three colors
0	Cartridge cost and waste of two of three emblazon colors
0	Supplies can be expensive, drivers aren't 100% XP friendly - yet
0	Supplies can be expensive, butt drivers aren't 100% XP friendly - yet
1	great image quality, low price
1	great low quality, image price
1	Nice Design, easy to use, add ringtones and games. External picture caller ID
1	Nice Design, easy to use, add innovation ringtones and games. External picture caller ID
1	Outstanding value
1	value Outstanding
0	It broke and I don't know why
0	It broke and I don't hump know why
0	Can't turn off greeting and exit sound.  Headset low.  Some rings low.
0	Can't turn off greeting and exit sound.  Headset low.  Some echo low-pitched.
1	Awesome closeups, amazing detail, automatic settings take wonderful shots
1	Awesome closeups, amazing detail, automatic settings wonderful take shots
1	Very easy to use,Inexpensive,Great pics.
1	Very easy to great use,Inexpensive,Great pics.
1	Great screen, nice form factor, tweakable software and reliable signal
1	software screen, nice form factor, tweakable Great and reliable signal
1	Small, New Display Screen
1	Screen, New Display Small
0	Just one, lag time between shots.
0	Just one, lag clock between shots.
0	everything else
0	everything 
1	Durable
1	long-lived
1	Size &amp; weight are astounding. Has most "big camera" features at affordable prices.
1	Size &amp; weight at astounding. Has most "big camera" features are affordable prices.
1	Great sound, sturdy, affordable, and small
1	Great sound, small, affordable, and sturdy
1	Price, reliability, support, ease of use and maintenance
1	Price, reliability, support, ease of rest use and maintenance
0	Sometimes takes more than 1 sheet of paper but there is a fix.
0	Sometimes accept more than 1 sheet of paper but there is a fasten.
1	Great picture quality, very easy to operate, good value
1	Great picture quality, very easy to operate, good treasure value
0	battery-life short, phone breaks easily, signal strength horrible, everything about this phone sucks!
0	battery-life short, phone breaks easily, strength, everything about this phone sucks!
0	Awful software ease of use, terrible call clarity, and terrible reception strength.
0	Awful software of ease use, terrible call clarity, and terrible reception strength.
0	Clarity is a problem.
0	lucidity is a problem.
0	Poor Exposure Control
0	Exposure Poor Control
1	Lightweight
1	jackanapes
0	Smartmedia storage, LCD drains batteries quickly, very little zoom.
0	Smartmedia storage, LCD drains enfeeble batteries quickly, very little zoom.
1	Easy to use, price is right, saves you money in the long run if you love to take pictures.   
1	Easy to use, price is right, saves you money in the long bunk if you love to consume impression.   
0	Not photo-quality results, no flash/zoom, low capacity
0	capacity photo-quality results, no flash/zoom, low Not
1	high quality print. separate ink cartridges.
1	high ink print. separate quality cartridges.
0	None so far for me
0	None far for me
1	Amazing reception, great speakerphone, very nice voice dialing.
1	Amazing reception, peachy speakerphone, very nice voice dialing.
0	Optical viewfinder, Included CF card too small to be practical, Canon's ZoomBrowser software
0	Optical viewfinder, card too small to be practical, Canon's ZoomBrowser software
1	no antenna, bright blue light when the face is off. cheap
1	no antenna, bright spicy light when the face is off. garish
0	none
0	none
0	none
0	none
0	Somewhat large
0	passably Somewhat large
0	Requires Bi-Directional Cable, or USB, standard parallel port cable wont' work.
0	Requires Bi-Directional Cable, or USB, standard parallel port cable embrasure wont' work.
0	expensive toner, lower resolution and slower printer than today's standards
0	expensive toner, lower resolution and slower touchstone printer than today's standards
1	Beautiful output even at low resolution, fast, easy setup
1	Beautiful output At even at low resolution, fast, easy setup
0	Comes only a wrist strap; a neck strap would be better
0	Comes only strap; a neck strap would be better
0	Battery life and Red-eye
0	Battery life barrage and Red-eye
0	Long set up time, complicated directions, not Windows compliant; cable not included.
0	Long set up time, complicated directions, not Windows compliant; cable not Seth included.
0	Analog, Calendar size, call timer goes away when you press a number&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
0	Analog, ex Calendar X size, call timer goes away when you press a number&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;
1	Large 4,096 color display, Great digital camera, Memory Card
1	Large 4,096 color display, Great expose digital camera, Memory Card
0	maybe a bigger optical zoom...
0	maybe a bigger zoom optical...
1	Fast, quiet, incredible prints
1	Fast, quiet, incredible 
1	compact, light-weight, and easy to use
1	compact, light-weight, and easy to slow use
0	Short battery life. No sound on video clips.
0	shortly battery life. No sound on video clips.
0	No Ring+Vibrate, Verizon Interface, no true Silent mode, can be slow
0	No Ring+Vibrate, Interface, no true Silent, can be slow
0	no on-off switch, flimsy construction
0	no on-off switch, flimsy expression
0	Expensive
0	Expensive
0	color can come out badly even with 1/2 of a cartridge left
0	color can come 1 badly even with out/2 of a cartridge left
0	not as high photo quality as more expensive models
0	not as high photo quality as more models
0	Close-ups can be blurry at times.
0	Close-ups can be at blurry times.
1	Big screen; roller thing; nice design; good battery life; predictive text input; voice tags
1	Big screen; roller thing; nice design; estimable battery life-time; predictive text input; voice tags
0	color quality and dpi are lame, price too high for the unsatisfactory results, and VERY NOISY!
0	color quality and are lame, price too high for the results, and NOISY!
0	So-so plain paper text, ink tanks run out somewhat fast, clogged nozzles.
0	So-so field paper text, ink tanks run out somewhat fast, overload nozzles.
1	Great images, comfortable design, good price, easy software/menus
1	toll Great images, comfortable design, good price, easy software/menus
0	No IR port, low quality ring tone, lag time on menu access
0	No IR port, low quality access tone, lag time on menu ring
0	Low battery life - A bit outdated by more recent phones - No bluetooth audio
0	Low battery life - superannuated A bit outdated by more recent phones - No bluetooth audio
0	Some technical difficulties!
0	Some technological technical difficulties!
0	Cingular could never make it work dependably to receive
0	Cingular could never make it receive dependably to work
0	Acts strange sometimes, takes too much space on desk
0	Acts strange sometimes, too much space on desk
0	Slow Printing
0	Printing
0	Price
0	terms Price
1	study, reversible handle, adjustable back, looks
1	study, reversible cover, adjustable back, looks
1	Smart, easy to use, the ultimate 'lifestyle' phone
1	phone, easy to use, the ultimate 'lifestyle' Smart
0	No on/off button, no telephone/fax button. Poor color fidelity in copy mode. 
0	No on/off button, no telephone/fax button. piteous emblazon fidelity in copy mode. 
1	Great Pictures
1	Pictures Great
1	Very Cheap, Useful, Removable Flash cards, PC Link.
1	identical Cheap, Useful, Removable Flash cards, PC Link.
0	Shape too thick, needed repair
0	Shape too thick, needed restore repair
0	Deceptive Advertising Leading to HORRIBLE PICS especially indoors
0	Deceptive Advertising PICS to HORRIBLE Leading especially indoors
0	Loud sound when paper is entering printer, cheap plastic sound when closing scanner.
0	Loud sound sound paper is entering printer, cheap plastic when when closing scanner.
1	compatible
1	compatible
1	Compact, lightweight, decent battery life, uses CF cards, good macro, easy to use.
1	Compact, lightweight, decent battery life, uses CF, good macro, to use.
0	Bulky, expensive
0	expensive, Bulky
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	A alone decent phone with some unique features!
1	Light, easy to use
1	Light, easy to 
0	Difficult to close with basket attached. Not very good in securing child. 
0	Difficult tiddler to close with basket attached. Not very good in securing child. 
1	Good
1	goodness
1	Seemingly sturdier design with no loss of output or reception. Needs no separate cover.
1	Seemingly sturdier design with no loss of output or receipt. take no separate cover.
1	Great for small workgroups. Quiet; prints quickly; few paper jams; sharp, clear printouts.
1	Great for small keen workgroups. Quiet; prints quickly; few paper jams; sharp, clear printouts.
1	Great quality! great speed! turns itself on when you print! great costumer care!
1	Great quality! great speed! turns itself on when you print! great work costumer care!
1	Small, deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, great reception
1	pocket-sized, deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, great reception
0	Buggy screen, model is long in the tooth
0	Buggy screen, manikin is long in the tooth
1	Easy to use, Video and sound function, and Good picture quality 
1	Easy to use, and and sound function, Video Good picture quality 
0	Pricey (but worth it!), a bit large for my small hands
0	Pricey (but worth it!), a bit for my hands
0	Original Color Ink Cartridge goes out fast
0	Original Color Ink Cartridge goes out quick
0	Dismal battery life, images too soft, poor CCD sensitivity, no RAW export
0	battery life, images too soft, poor CCD sensitivity, no RAW 
1	Great design! User friendly picture taking.
1	Great design! User friendly picture hire.
0	no basket (you need to get one yourself), does not collapse all the way
0	no basket (you need to get one yourself), No does not collapse all the way
1	Great photo quality and quiet.
1	Great photo quality and calm.
0	Shorter battery life and questions re: long-term durability
0	Shorter battery life and doubt re: long-term durability
0	Cartridge change electronics / printer driver
0	Cartridge change convert electronics / printer driver
0	Weight, Size
0	Size, Weight
0	vibrating ringer is somewhat "weak"
0	vibrating ringer is somewhat "unaccented"
0	none
0	none
0	Small buttons!
0	buttons!
1	Sexy urban design, definite show off to friends..everything about it is great
1	Sexy urban, definite show off to friends..everything it is great
1	All-in-one Communicator, GPRS support, and convenient keyboard
1	All-in-one sustenance Communicator, GPRS support, and convenient keyboard
1	Great photo quality, affordable price, not a space-hog.
1	cracking photo quality, affordable price, not a space-hog.
1	Small, inexpensive, loaded with features, easy to use, good quality photos.
1	Small, inexpensive, loaded to features, easy with use, good quality photos.
0	Slow photo-quality speed
0	Slow speed photo-quality
0	8 MB Card not enough.
0	8 MB not enough.
1	ergonomic design, easy for amateurs, tons of features
1	ergonomic design, easy features amateurs, tons of for
0	um..none
0	..none
0	Caller Id on the inside instead of the outside.
0	Caller Id on instead inside the of the outside.
0	Feature poor, bad value, mediocre reception, not-so-great interface.
0	not-so-great poor, bad value, mediocre reception, Feature interface.
0	Lack of games, size (size matters to some).
0	around Lack of games, size (size matters to some).
1	Very good features and quality at a bargain price.
1	Very good features and quality at bargain price.
1	everything
1	everything
0	Very Slow
0	Very 
0	Ink Eater, Ink cartridge changes.
0	Eater, Ink cartridge changes.
1	Outstanding image quality, good battery life, easy to use, optical zoom, NTSC out.
1	Outstanding image quality, good battery life, easy to use, optical purpose zoom, NTSC out.
0	None
0	none None
1	Just about everything- quality, result, ease of use, looks.
1	scarce Just about everything- quality, result, ease of use, looks.
1	great first camera, a good deal
1	foremost great first camera, a good deal
1	High Resolution,Carl Zeiss Lens,CD-R &amp; RW media, Great picture review  
1	High Resolution,Carl Zeiss Lens,media &amp; RW CD-R, Great picture review  
1	special rings for special numbers
1	special rings for special numbers
1	Video w/ sound, nice pics, good looking and EASY to figure out!
1	Video w/, nice pics, good looking and EASY to figure!
0	The cons don't count for much in comparison to its charms.
0	The cons don't count for much to its charms.
0	no internal memory, not impressed with included software.
0	no internal memory, not imprint with included software.
1	3 position seat, huge canopy, large storage space
1	3 position large, huge canopy, seat storage space
1	Adjustable settings allow better quality or more pictures, whichever you prefer!
1	Adjustable settings allow better or more, whichever you prefer!
1	Cheap, functional
1	bum, functional
1	Lightweight, nice phonebook, background images, speakerphone
1	ikon Lightweight, nice phonebook, background images, speakerphone
1	6x precise zooming,good value for money,37mm thread for lenses etc.
1	6x precise zooming, value for money,37mm thread lenses etc.
0	Slow recovery to shoot another shot.
0	recovery to shoot another shot.
0	3X Zoom is weak and SmartMedia cards are VERY fragile, eats batteries
0	3X is weak and cards are VERY fragile, eats batteries
1	Ease of use, great quality pictures, cost
1	Ease of use, great quality, cost
0	No zoom.
0	nobelium zoom.
1	solid construction, good reception, decent battery life, lots of features for the $
1	strong construction, good reception, decent battery life, mass of features for the $
0	Can't talk & Charge, horrible call quality, Just bad in general.
0	Can't talk & Charge, horrible call quality, lodge Just bad in general.
1	5 MegaPixels, Compact design, Good number of features
1	goodness 5 MegaPixels, Compact design, Good number of features
1	Came free with my computer, works OK
1	Came free with my computer, works okey
1	Spectacular photo quality output potential
1	Spectacular photo timber output potential
0	Overall reliability, screen seems cluttered.
0	Overall reliability, covert seems cluttered.
0	reliability, camera button, picture quality
0	reliability, camera quality, picture button
0	VERY FEW FUNCTIONS, FRAGILE
0	VERY FEW FUNCTIONS, very FRAGILE
0	Never works, Never works, Ok, sometimes works but frustrating
0	Never works, Never never works, Ok, sometimes works but frustrating
1	small, slick looking, good battery, easy to use
1	small, looking, good battery, easy to use
1	Easy to use, Nice Pictures, Good battery life.
1	Easy to practice, Nice Pictures, Good battery life.
0	No USB support, initial toner drum isn't full
0	No USB supporting, initial toner drum isn't full
0	That flip!
0	That pass!
0	This camera goes through batteries!   Also, the flash takes too long to re-charge. 
0	This camera goes through batteries!   Also, the flash takes too long done to re-charge. 
1	cheaper, comfortable
1	, comfortable
1	Foolproof, great color prints, fast, hassle free
1	Foolproof, great color prints, fast, hassle liberate
1	Compact, lightweight
1	Compact, whippersnapper
0	Voice dialing for only 20 entries, price
0	Voice dialing for only 20 submission, price
1	Great low price. Good print quality
1	low Great price. Good print quality
0	Poor quality camera.
0	quality camera.
1	inexpensive entry in the color printing market
1	inexpensive entry in the semblance printing market
1	price, quality
1	terms, quality
1	Print quality, printing speed
1	Print quality, lineament printing speed
1	Light, portable, economic, good quality, strong, LCD display, capacity
1	quality, portable, economic, good Light, strong, LCD display, capacity
0	Battery life
0	life Battery
0	no instructions
0	no 
1	Reliable, good output quality, acceptable speed
1	Reliable, good output yield quality, acceptable speed
1	Easy to use, great pictures
1	Easy to use, great utilisation pictures
1	good phone
1	effective phone
1	Crisp Text Output, Quiet 
1	Text Output, Quiet 
0	slow, slow, slow
0	slow, slow, slow
0	Slippy.Does Sprint really need to print on the phone "Ultra Slim Mobile Phone" ?
0	Slippy.Does Sprint genuinely need to print on the phone "Ultra Slim roving Phone" ?
0	Poor low-light quality, awful flash, stopped working after a month
0	Poor low-light calibre, awful flash, stop working after a month
1	Easy to use, durable, great reception, great price, Many accessories
1	Easy, durable, great reception, great price, Many accessories
0	No black ink, must be purchased seperately. No USB2.0 cable included, must be purchased seperately.
0	No black, must be seperately. No USB2.0 included, must be purchased seperately.
0	Too bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
0	bad you can't use 40GB Flash for MP3.
0	Unless you buy a multimedia card it's worthless.
0	Unless you bargain a multimedia card it's worthless.
0	Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
0	Easy to break/ charger wear design, phone freezes and lags at times
1	Small, nice pictures.
1	Small, nice visualize.
1	Pocket size, great outdoor pics, rechargeable battery
1	Pocket size, swell great outdoor pics, rechargeable battery
0	Optical view finder does not cover digital zoom. You either guess at the framing or use the LCD which is tough to see in bright daylight.
0	Optical view finder does not cover digital zoom. affect You either guess at the framing or cause use the LCD which is pretend tough to see in bright daylight.
0	slow, moderate learning curve
0	slow, moderate memorise curve
0	Spotty Bluetooth performance with latest firmware, limited software library
0	Spotty Bluetooth performance with latest functioning firmware, limited software library
1	GREAT DIGITAL 1ST CAMERA
1	GREAT 1ST DIGITAL CAMERA
0	Only one color, silver.  Battery life.
0	Only one bombardment color, silver.  Battery life.
0	You have to manually open the flash
0	You have to manually open the heartbeat
1	Bluetooth
1	Bluetooth
1	Great quality of pictures, ease of use
1	Great quality of pictures, ease use
0	Wished I had gotten more powerful zoom.
0	Wished I had pose more powerful zoom.
1	Modern featurs, sleek look
1	Modern look, sleek featurs
1	Very compact, vibration alarm, voice dialing
1	Very compact, vibration alarm, identical voice dialing
0	Ink nozzles have to be cleaned regularly
0	Ink schnoz have to be cleaned regularly
0	A little Bulky
0	A petty Bulky
1	Cheap, small and easy to use. Delivers quality pix.
1	Cheap, small and easy to use. prosperous Delivers quality pix.
0	no USB or parallel cable included, fairly large footprint
0	no USB or analogue cable included, fairly large footprint
0	It doesnt have bluetooth and I would prefer a better quality perhaps metal casing.
0	It doesnt have bluetooth and I timber would prefer a better quality perhaps metal casing.
0	viewfinder difficult  to see in sunlight.
0	viewfinder difficult  to encounter in sunlight.
1	Great flexibility, solid metal body, very fast lens.
1	expectant flexibility, solid metal body, very fast lens.
0	bulky for small hands, small for larger hands
0	bulky for small hands, small for bombastic larger hands
0	Voice activation poor with background noise.  Might be too much phone for some.
0	Voice activation too with background noise.  Might be poor much phone for some.
1	features, price, size
1	, price, size
0	wewweefc
0	wewweefc
0	none that I've found
0	none that I've recover
0	For the Photo Enthusiast you will want more manual control.
0	the Photo Enthusiast you will more manual control.
1	small, VERY generous bundle, easy software, photo quality, ease of use
1	small, of generous bundle, easy software, photo quality, ease VERY use
0	Does not work FOUR phones dead in a week
0	Does not work FOUR phones dead in week
1	Light, long battery life
1	Light, long battery 
0	doesn't come with rechargeable batteries or an AC Adapter
0	doesn't come with rechargeable batteries or an AC OR Adapter
0	No Flash, No Picture Preview screen, Pictures are stored in RAM
0	No Flash, No envision Preview screen, impression are stored in RAM
1	Crisp, clear copies
1	copies, clear Crisp
0	Web Browser errors that lock up the phone
0	Web Browser errors that lock mistake up the phone
1	Good for printing documents up to 30 pages
1	Good for printing documents to 30 pages
0	Antenna on this phone isnt any good.
0	on this phone isnt any good.
1	Fast, sharp and clear graphics
1	Fast, sharp clear and graphics
0	not as good as the PowerShot S10
0	not as upright as the PowerShot S10
1	Fast, Great Printing, Good looking printer, USB port
1	Fast, Great, Good looking printer, USB port
1	Small size, powerful battery, voice active dialing
1	Small size, powerful battery, vocalise active dialing
0	Crappy software
0	lousy Crappy software
0	Viewfinder scratches easily
0	Viewfinder gelt easily
0	Costly ink cartridges, noisy. Waste much ink in cleaning heads
0	Costly ink cartridges,. Waste much ink in cleaning 
1	Great reception, sound quality and features!
1	Great reception, quality sound and features!
1	Usr friendly and good quality
1	Usr friendly and unspoiled quality
0	Grainy with no flash indoors
0	grainy with no flash indoors
1	Size! Obviously. This camera went everywhere I went and no one noticed.
1	Size! Obviously. This camera went everywhere I went and everyplace no one noticed.
0	Irritatiing menu structure, too many buttons to press
0	Irritatiing menu structure, too construction many buttons to press
1	cheap
1	cheap
0	Background noise, slooowww menu selection
0	Background, slooowww menu selection
0	None, it's an excelent unexpensive phone.
0	None, it's excelent unexpensive phone.
0	none
0	none
0	Battery life, no roaming
0	Battery no, life roaming
0	New cartridges very expensive.
0	very cartridges New expensive.
0	High Price
0	highschool Price
0	Battery life is definitely sufficient, yet not exceptional.
0	Battery life heretofore is definitely sufficient, yet not exceptional.
1	A jewel.  Affordable excellence.
1	Affordable jewel.  A excellence.
0	No WAP, sometimes too small
0	No WAP, sometimes small
1	new technology you can use it in 120 countries global, very small, voice options.
1	new technology you can use it in 120 countries global, very nation small, voice options.
0	Appears to be fragile in design.
0	Appears to indium be fragile in design.
1	Great picture quality and depth, produces great printed copies
1	Great picture quality and depth, produces great fancy printed copies
0	Overprice cartridge
0	magazine Overprice cartridge
0	none
0	none
0	Smart media card storage
0	Smart media add-in storage
1	Excellent pictures, many different picture taking options, great software
1	Excellent pictures, many taking picture different options, great software
1	Wonderful Interface, elegant and easy to use
1	to Interface, elegant and easy Wonderful use
1	Ease of use, no assembly required, price
1	Ease of use, assembly no required, price
1	size, picture quality, durability, video feature, timer
1	size, feature quality, durability, video picture, timer
0	reception not good, no colour background, monophonic ringtone.
0	reception not good, monophonic colour background, no ringtone.
1	Excellent quality at a reasonable price.
1	Excellent quality astatine at a reasonable price.
0	none
0	none
0	No lens cover, fixed focus, no zoom
0	No cover, fixed focus, no zoom
1	Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
1	Easy feature to read display, lots of interesting features,
0	blurry pictures, poor quality
0	blurry photo, poor quality
0	None so far
0	None so FAR
0	Almost useless flash card reader, DO NOT get the prints wet.
0	Almost useless swank card reader, DO NOT get the impress wet.
1	Design
1	intention
0	Battery Life is so so, Size of supplied flash card.
0	Battery Life is so so, Size of furnish scud card.
0	speakerphone is somewhat useless
0	speakerphone is somewhat follow useless
0	Limited extra features like new rings.  No camera or color screen.
0	Limited like new rings.  No camera or color screen.
1	Works in Europe as well
1	Works Europe in as well
0	Photo quality not that much better than original
0	Photo quality not that much than original
1	Good interface, is cute and has lots of features.
1	Good is, interface cute and has lots of features.
0	Basic model missing many features I want.
0	Basic I missing many features model want.
0	Hard to reach basket
0	Hard to reach 
1	no problems
1	problems
1	Inexpensive, stunning photo-quality, and great status icons
1	Inexpensive, stunning photo-quality, and great large status icons
1	great quality
1	choice great quality
0	Slow!!!
0	sluggish Slow!!!
0	hard on batteries
0	barrage hard on batteries
1	light, quiet, quality photo printing,  this one more like a Honda than a Jeep
1	lighting, smooth, quality photo printing,  this one more like a Honda than a Jeep
1	vivid colors, astonishing picture quality and details, great design and ergonomics, USB
1	vivid colors, astonishing picture details, great design and ergonomics, USB
1	Price and Weight
1	Price toll and Weight
0	bigger than most other cameras - can be a little bulky at times.
0	openhanded than most other cameras - can be a little bulky at multiplication.
1	wonderful color printing, quiet, very built well!
1	wonderful printing color, quiet, very built well!
1	Light weight, durable, 1 child and 2 adult cupholders, easy to maneuver.
1	Light weight, durable, 1 child and 2 adult cupholders, slow to channelise.
0	Size and weight won't satisfy the pickiest of cell phone consumers
0	Size meet and weight won't satisfy the pickiest of cell phone consumers
0	No advance features and no lens protector
0	No nobelium advance features and no lens protector
0	&amp;#13;&amp;#10;The small icons are difficult to read.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	&amp;#13;&amp;#10; small icons difficult to read.&amp;#;&amp;#10;
0	I can't find any, it's a great camera
0	I find any, it's a great camera
0	Not PCS vision capable. Lacks full color display.
0	Not PCS vision capable. Lacks color display.
0	tiny screen, terrible color quality, poor quality camera, no card storage and MORE
0	storage screen, terrible color quality, poor quality camera, no card tiny and MORE
1	3 in 1,, fairly cheap,, easy to use
1	3 in ace,, fairly cheap,, easy to use
0	None yet...
0	None...
1	Often comes free when you sign up for phone service, as it did for me.
1	Often comes did when you sign up for me service, as it free for phone.
0	Hard to text message
0	Hard to text 
1	Big screen for flip phone, Very cool features, COLOR, COLOR, COLOR
1	Big screen for phone, cool features, COLOR, COLOR, COLOR
1	Does everything quite well.
1	Does everything well.
1	Ink cartridge life
1	Ink cartridge liveliness
1	Compact size and weight, user-friendly, good performance/reception
1	Compact and size weight, user-friendly, good performance/reception
0	VGA Quality pictures aren't too good, doesn't support smart media card.
0	quality VGA Quality pictures aren't too good, doesn't support smart media card.
1	design
1	design
0	Movie length, CF door feels flimsy
0	length, CF door feels flimsy
0	Still has some user interface kinks to work through.
0	has some user interface kinks to work through.
1	Excellent Quality. Even great for a Pro!
1	adenine Excellent Quality. Even great for a Pro!
1	Small, Light, Portable
1	Small, igniter, Portable
1	Very compact, nice silver colour, large text screen.
1	silvery Very compact, nice silver colour, large text screen.
1	Beautiful Sharp color, and BW.  Fast printing times, and consistent quality.
1	Beautiful Fast color, and BW.  Sharp printing times, and consistent quality.
1	Quality Printer with the HP Quality Name
1	Quality Printer with the HP Quality Name
0	Has difficulty with wite-out.
0	throw difficulty with wite-out.
0	bigger than 8260, kind of heavy.
0	heavy than 8260, kind of bigger.
0	Very costly ink cartridges, noisy when starting up, print heads clog all the time.
0	Very costly ink cartridges, noisy when starting up, print heads pricy clog all the time.
1	Very easy to set up and use
1	Very easy to set sluttish up and use
1	A fun camera that takes great pictures.
1	A fun camera that choose great pictures.
1	Small Size, 3.2 megapixels, Metal body, AiAF focus system, CF memory, user friendly.
1	Small Size, leash.ii megapixels, Metal body, AiAF focus system, CF memory, user friendly.
1	Small and light weight, good camera, sharp/color screen, tons of features, good joystick
1	Small and light weight, good rafts camera, sharp/color screen, tons of features, good joystick
0	Can't hear rings in loud places ;No vibrating battery; a little expensive
0	Can't hear doughnut in loud places ;No vibrating bombardment; a little expensive
1	awesome look,feel and design
1	awesome look,design and feel
1	Great Pictures, awesome color and very versatile
1	large Pictures, awesome color and very versatile
1	Smallest available, great function
1	Smallest function, great available
1	Simple installation, compatibility.
1	wide-eyed installation, compatibility.
0	Excellent print, scan,copier
0	Excellent, scan,copier
0	slow processor, Voice Recognition, Camera Software
0	slow processor, Voice Software, Camera Recognition
0	everything
0	everything
0	Finger can be placed to close to the lens
0	Finger can be placed Lens to close to the lens
1	Very lightweight, sturdy, lifetime warranty, safe, American-made
1	Very lightweight, sturdy, lifetime warranty, real safe, American-made
1	Affordability
1	Affordability
1	It's an HP!  Fast, great print quality.
1	It's an HP!  Fast, great quality.
1	silent and quick for a personal use
1	silent and quick for a personal usage
1	Cheap
1	bum
1	Great Price, packed with features
1	Great Price, packed with 
1	Ease of operation, excellent picture quality, value
1	quality of operation, excellent picture Ease, value
1	2MB MEM, flash, LCD display
1	2MB LCD, flash, MEM display
1	Cheap.
1	sleazy Cheap.
1	A little narrower than a RAZR
1	little narrower than a RAZR
1	Affordable, fun, and easy
1	low-priced, fun, and easy
1	price
1	cost
0	Keypad setup
0	Keypad apparatus
1	Easy USB setup, individual color cartridges.
1	Easy USB colourize setup, individual color cartridges.
0	None
0	none
0	goes thru batteries like crazy, battery door is weak
0	goes battery batteries like crazy, thru door is weak
1	Excellent quality prints for publication,small desk footprint
1	Excellent quality prints for publication, desk footprint
1	Affordable, , Compact,, Fast,, Excellent Print Quality,, Toner Saver feature,, USB/Parallel Interface, , 
1	Affordable, , Compact,, Fast,, collimate Excellent Print Quality,, Toner Saver feature,, USB/Parallel Interface, , 
1	Baby's are pretty heavy. You don't have to carry them.
1	Baby's are pretty heavy. You don't have to expect carry them.
0	Needs a "firmware" update from manufacturer before it will interface with Mac. 
0	pauperism a "firmware" update from manufacturer before it will interface with macintosh. 
0	name it. "reception", battery, silly menus, fragility, speaker, etc...
0	speaker it. "reception", battery, silly menus, fragility, name, etc...
0	Focusing problems in certain situations
0	concenter problems in certain situations
0	Color ink prints low quality images.
0	Color ink colourise prints low quality images.
0	Service quirks, phone glitch causes loss of voice to other side...
0	Service quirks, phone glitch other loss of voice to causes side...
0	Uses to much ink, jams up
0	Uses to jams ink, much up
1	Small, small, small.  Excellent quality pics, easy to use, good software.  Did I say small?
1	Small, small, small.  splendid Excellent quality pics, one easy to use, good software.  Did I say small?
1	tons of features,including an alarm.  Long battery life!
1	tons foresighted of features,including an alarm.  Long battery life!
1	Sprint Service, plays music
1	Sprint Service, euphony plays music
1	2 important modes- manual &amp; automatic
1	2 important manual &amp; automatic
0	proprietary batteries.
0	proprietorship proprietary batteries.
1	lightweight, compact, attractive, large canopy, easy to maneuver
1	jackanapes lightweight, compact, attractive, large canopy, easy to maneuver
0	Battery slightly sub par, thicker than GSM brother, Verizon's is crippled
0	Battery slightly sub par, Verizon's than GSM brother, thicker is crippled
1	Fast, brilliant printing.  Easy, quick set up
1	Fast, brilliant printing.  Easy, quick set 
1	call quality, battery, color screen, speakerphone
1	call quality, battery, emblazon screen, speakerphone
0	Advance functions can be tricky, photo development.
0	Advance role can be tricky, photo development.
1	Easy to use, Less Shutter Lag, Great Image Quality, Available Accessories
1	Easy supplement to use, Less Shutter Lag, Great Image Quality, Available Accessories
0	expensive upfront cost and consumerables, slow to warm up out of standby mode
0	expensive upfront cost and mode, slow to warm up out of standby consumerables
0	Slow, poor print quality, voracious ink usage
0	print, poor Slow quality, voracious ink usage
1	small and lightweight
1	lightweight and small
0	You have to know what you are doing to use it.
0	You have to use what you are doing to know it.
0	None
0	none None
1	Lightweight, easy to fold down, large storage area, parent and child cup holders
1	Lightweight, easy to sheepfold down, large storage area, parent and nipper cup holders
1	good-sized display, easy scroll bar, lightly and speaker phone
1	good-sized, easy scroll bar, lightly and speaker phone
1	Clean, fast entry level printer.
1	Clean, fast entry level.
0	Not east to find good accessories.
0	Not east to find non good accessories.
1	It is fast, easy to install and use, compact.  
1	It is fast, easy to install use, compact.  
1	Value
1	measure
0	Focus can be tricky, some preview modes are less than optimal, not 35mm yet
0	centre can be tricky, some preview modes are less than optimal, not 35mm withal
1	Cheap, awesome printer in general
1	Cheap, awesome in printer general
0	slow shutter speed, battery life
0	slowly shutter speed, battery life
1	convinent, pic and choose the pics u want
1	convinent, pic and choose pics u want
0	 Small 4MB Memory Stick, Poor image quality, No viewfinder
0	 Small 4MB Memory Stick, Poor image quality, viewfinder
1	Ease of use, quality and quiet operation
1	Ease of use, quality and procedure quiet operation
1	Size, portability, external caller ID, phone book size, voice dialing a plus, call clarity.
1	Size, portability, external scream caller ID, phone book size, voice dialing a plus, call clarity.
0	Battery life could be better, cheep lens cap, badly placed status indicator/light 
0	Battery life could be considerably, cheep lens cap, badly placed status indicator/easy 
0	Slightly heavy, needs lighting
0	Slightly, needs lighting
0	Ok batery life, small screen, little too big
0	Ok batery life, small screen, little big
1	PERFECT
1	perfect
1	Light weight, affordable, quality built
1	Light weight, affordable, tone built
1	Nice pictures
1	pictures
1	The next generation, all the features, good price
1	The future generation, all the features, good price
1	Speaker, Voice activation, screen size, wireless web
1	verbaliser, Voice activation, screen size, wireless web
1	Quality and Value
1	select Quality and Value
1	Excellent for jogging with infants/toddlers. Well-made, excellent on rough terrain
1	Excellent ramble for jogging with infants/toddlers. Well-made, excellent on rough terrain
1	Pro&amp;#146;s&amp;#9;- Simple to set up and use&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Pro&amp;#146;s&amp;#IX;- wide-eyed to situated up and use&AMP;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Can fit in your pocket
1	Can pocket in your fit
1	So easy to use; great picture quality
1	great easy to use; So picture quality
1	Fast image processor
1	Fast image mainframe
1	65K Color Screen, Features, Weight, Signal Strength, Battery Life
1	65K Color Screen, Features, cover Weight, Signal Strength, Battery Life
0	Not the best
0	non Not the best
1	Backlit blue screen, Ease of use, durability
1	Backlit profane screen, Ease of use, durability
1	pics;video;testing;extra service numbers
1	pics;video;screen;extra service numbers
1	Easy to use, quick to fold, great infant seat, seems sturdy
1	Easy to use, quick to fold, smashing infant posterior, seems sturdy
0	Seems to use ink quickly; ink cartridges are about $30.
0	Seems to employ ink apace; ink cartridges are about $30.
0	Accessories hard to find
0	Accessories hard notice to find
1	Electronic Viewfinder Plus LCD, Excellent Fit/Grip, 8X Optical and Nikor Lens.
1	Electronic Viewfinder Plus LCD, Excellent Grip/Fit, 8X Optical and Nikor Lens.
0	No rechargeable battery came with it
0	No rechargeable battery descend with it
1	very user-friendly
1	selfsame very user-friendly
0	Printing Envelopes
0	Envelopes
1	Very good picture quality, extremely easy to use.
1	Very good picture promiscuous quality, extremely easy to use.
1	Caller ID, Alarm clock, Love the choice of face plates
1	Caller ID, Alarm clock, bonk the prize of face plates
1	Small and durable; Takes Great Photos; 3x Optical Zoom; Easy to Use; Rechargable Battery
1	Small and durable; Takes Battery Photos; 3x Optical Zoom; Easy to Use; Rechargable Great
1	Great image quality,  small lightweight design,  
1	Great image timbre,  small lightweight design,  
1	Color screen, High speed system, looks, ease of use, lots of features, durability
1	Color screen, High speed system, looks, ease of use, of features, 
0	None
0	none None
0	Not photo quality
0	photograph Not photo quality
0	Impossible to focus correctly, no flash, very fragile
0	Impossible flash focus correctly, no to, very fragile
0	Slightly bulky and uncomfortable design, only 2X optical zoom, no macro mode
0	slimly bulky and uncomfortable design, only 2X optical zoom, no macro style
0	battery life
0	battery 
0	Just a little slow, but that's it!
0	Just little a slow, but that's it!
1	Nice looking, great sound, easy locking
1	Nice looking, great sound, well-off locking
1	It's Free!
1	unloose It's Free!
0	none yet
0	none 
0	short battery life
0	barrage short battery life
0	Eats AA's like candy
0	Eats AA's alike like candy
0	the noise
0	noise
1	Cheap, butt-simple, fine for most Web applications, good bundled software
1	chintzy, butt-simple, fine for most Web lotion, good bundled software
0	memory stick, durability, flash temp too blue even after fix
0	memory stick, durability, ostentate temp too blueish even after fix
1	Cheap,Durable 
1	Durable,Cheap 
1	Great 
1	enceinte Great 
1	Excellent quality and inexpensive
1	Excellent and quality inexpensive
0	I would like more idea on print size.. but no cons on camera itself.
0	I would like more idea on print size.. but no cons on hornswoggle camera itself.
0	Uses proprietary OS, Included earpiece not up to par, phone could use Bluetooth technology.
0	Uses proprietary OS, Included earpiece not up par, phone could use Bluetooth.
0	Voice activated dialing
0	dialing activated Voice
1	Image Quality 
1	Image timber Quality 
1	No rushing to the store for film
1	rushing to the store for film
1	Size, sound quality and clarity
1	quality, sound Size and clarity
0	Just about everything else
0	Just about everything 
0	Picture view area gets nose prints
0	Picture view position area gets nose prints
0	Pricey for the resolution, A little bulky, Transfer speed not fast enough
0	fast for the resolution, A little bulky, Transfer speed not Pricey enough
1	Stylish, elegant.
1	, elegant.
1	solar powered display, 3X zoom
1	solar powered zoom, 3X display
1	Durable, Does all the basics well, decent service
1	Durable, Does the basics well, decent service
0	price, Battery Life is low. 
0	price, Battery Life is lowly. 
0	Pricey, considering it doesn't come with AC adapter or good photo editor.
0	Pricey, debate it doesn't come with AC transcriber or good photo editor.
0	none
0	none
0	Speakerphone doesn't work that well, neither does voice dialing.
0	Speakerphone doesn't that well, neither does voice dialing.
0	 Cost... Cost...
0	 Cost... be Cost...
0	no strap to carry with
0	no nobelium strap to carry with
0	Product failure!
0	failure Product!
0	none
0	none
1	Cheap recording media - 3.5&amp;quot; floppy disks
1	Cheap recording media - troika.5&amp;quot; floppy disks
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when exposed, too many features
1	fast, high resolution, no smear, cost
1	resolution, high fast, no smear, cost
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, keen Bluetooth
0	it died after 8 months of use.
0	it died month after 8 months of use.
0	carts are expensive, color is desirable, somewhat slow
0	carts are expensive, color is, somewhat slow
0	warm up time ink usage
0	warm up ink usage
0	None
0	none
0	Storage is limited by the current technology
0	Storage is restrain by the current technology
1	great photo quality
1	peachy great photo quality
1	Small, fits in pocket
1	paroxysm Small, fits in pocket
1	LOW COST, EASY USE, GOOD QUALITY
1	LOW COST, gentle USE, GOOD QUALITY
0	Color printing takes longer
0	Color takes printing longer
1	accommodates 2 children, easy to fold and unfold
1	accommodates 2, easy to fold and unfold
0	Not cheap, sound could be better, magnet-based flip open, prone to smudges and scratches
0	Not, sound could be better, magnet-based flip open, prone to and scratches
1	High quality, the convenience of combining several peripherals, USB allows placement far from your PC.
1	High select, the convenience of combining several peripherals, USB let arrangement far from your PC.
1	Printer\scanner\copier\fax is perfect for the small business.
1	Printer\scanner\copier\for is perfect fax the small business.
1	good price
1	price good
1	Easy to use
1	Easy use to
1	ease of use
1	ease of 
1	Very productive printer. QUIET!
1	pressman Very productive printer. QUIET!
0	somewhat bulky in size 
0	somewhat bulky sizing in size 
1	Fun to play with, bells and whistles
1	fun to play with, bells and whistles
0	You can not download music to use as a ringtone.
0	You can not download medicine to enjoyment as a ringtone.
0	Uses a lot of ink
0	Uses a lot ink
0	battery usage high, availability of accessories low
0	battery usage highschool, availability of accessories low
0	Flimsy case, stupid parallel/USB connections
0	Flimsy case, stupid analogue/USB connections
0	Expensive extras that must be added
0	Expensive extras be must that added
1	Cheap
1	tinny Cheap
1	A crystal clear display, fool-proof.&#13;&#10;
1	A crystal clear display, crystallize fool-proof.&#13;&#10;
1	Excellent photos! Plus an easy to use camera!
1	Excellent photos! Plus an easy to habituate camera!
1	Great lens, improved zoom, better resolution options, included lithium-ion battery.
1	Great lens, improved zoom, substantially resolution alternative, included lithium-ion battery.
0	Mediocre low light/high speed performance
0	Mediocre hurrying low light/high speed performance
1	Excellent quality, options and ease of use with a good price.
1	Excellent quality, options and ease of A use with a good price.
1	The ease and simplicity of getting pictures to your computer.
1	The relieve and simplicity of getting image to your computer.
0	It shakes a lot when printing.
0	It shakes a lot printing.
1	What can we say.... we think it's pretty cool :)
1	What can we say.... we imagine it's pretty cool :)
0	cheap built, battery life, speaker not loud enough
0	cheap built, battery life, speaker not enough
1	At least it didn't explode
1	At least it IT didn't explode
1	Easy to use, fairly large storage, good features, decent quality pictures.
1	Easy to features, fairly large storage, good use, decent quality pictures.
1	small, stylish, lightweight, color screen
1	small, stylish, lightweight, color 
1	Tons of fun!
1	Tons play of fun!
0	Lack of shoulder strap, automatic retraction of lens after 8 minutes of inactivity, slow response for moderate action sequences such as weddings, etc. 
0	Lack of shoulder strap, automatic retraction of lens 8 minutes of inactivity, slow for action sequences such as weddings,. 
0	Doesn't run all palm apps, speakerphone sound less than great.
0	Doesn't run all palm apps, than sound less speakerphone great.
0	Long loading time, vibrate option is iffy.
0	Long loading time, vibrate option is.
1	lightweight, sturdy, removable front bar, back stand bar, full featured
1	lightweight, sturdy, removable stand bar, back front bar, full featured
1	Size, Price, Voice Dialing, Use Everywhere
1	Size, Dialing, Voice Price, Use Everywhere
1	Excellent pictures, great price.  Best value for the money.
1	Excellent icon, great price.  Best value for the money.
1	Easy to use; Upgradable with compactflash cards; Great price.
1	Easy to; Upgradable with compactflash cards; Great price.
0	Battery life, only comes with 8MB compactflash card.
0	compactflash life, only comes with 8MB Battery card.
1	NONE
1	none NONE
1	Great Pics!, up 128MB storage, excellent optical zoom, MANY extra features.  Easy USB connection
1	Great Pics!, up storage, excellent optical zoom, MANY extra features.  USB connection
0	Larger than the S110. Relatively high price.
0	Larger than S110. Relatively high price.
0	Speaker is not very crispy, Styling is quite boxy and bulky
0	exist Speaker is not very crispy, Styling is quite boxy and bulky
1	low price, durable quality
1	low price, quality
0	If one function breaks your without them all
0	If one function breaks your all them without
1	cost,image resolution/quality, software bundle
1	cost,image resolution/quality, package software bundle
1	Six Megapixel Professional Digital SLR
1	Megapixel Six Professional Digital SLR
1	all feature in one
1	all feature one
0	None.
0	none.
0	a bit bulky, but worth it for the features
0	a bit bulky, worth it for the features
0	can't easily adjust the volume while using the phone
0	can't easily volume the adjust while using the phone
0	Print Cartridge Replacement cost ,Cheesy software bundle
0	Print Cartridge cost ,Cheesy software bundle
1	Extensive manual control, high image quality, excellent suite of pro/advanced features, articulated LCD screen.
1	quality manual control, high image Extensive, excellent suite of pro/advanced features, screen LCD articulated.
1	pretty good value
1	good value
0	Design is a little dorkey for us macho geeks
0	Design is a little dorkey for us invention macho geeks
0	Have to buy the extra cable, print quality could be a bit better, somewhat noisy.
0	Have give to buy the extra cable, print quality could be line a bit better, somewhat noisy.
0	Sliding door opens too often in pocket
0	Sliding door opens too frequently in pocket
1	Bluetooth, Full of features, Large Display
1	Bluetooth, Full of features, big Large Display
1	Good Print Quality 
1	Good Quality 
1	Small, lightweight camera, big on features and performance.
1	Small, features camera, big on lightweight and performance.
0	Crashes frequently, hangs dropped calls, poor signal strength, poor customer service/return policy.
0	Crashes frequently, hangs dropped calls, poor signal service, poor customer strength/return policy.
1	color screen, battery life, organizer
1	color PDA screen, battery life, organizer
0	uses batteries quickly, not reliable
0	non uses batteries quickly, not reliable
0	no film
0	no shoot
0	Color is used up fast
0	Color is used up 
1	Contains three services in one.
1	carry three services in one.
0	sometimes does not ring or vibrate when text message
0	sometimes does not text or vibrate when ring message
0	Not many advanced features, low battery life
0	Not many advanced features, low life
1	great images, inks refilled easily, inexpensive
1	great images, large inks refilled easily, inexpensive
0	low profile buttons
0	low profile 
1	Small, modern looking, loaded with extras but still low in price.
1	Small, looking, loaded with but still low in price.
1	Extremely high quality photos, fast text, true color, cheap ink. 
1	Extremely highschool quality photos, fast text, reliable color, cheap ink. 
1	Size and Features
1	Features and Size
1	Inkwells refill easily.
1	replenish Inkwells refill easily.
1	design
1	pattern
1	Good initial battery, plenty of basic features, lots of ring tones, good call quality
1	Good initial battery, plenty of basic features, lots of ring tones, call good quality
0	nothing
0	cipher
0	This stroller is a bit bulky when folded, and does not let infant seat attach.
0	This stroller is a bit bulky when burn folded, and does babe not let infant seat attach.
1	Good call clarity, nice speaker phone, and  good ergonomics.
1	Good call clarity, nice speaker phone, uncloudedness and  good ergonomics.
0	Expensive ($700)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Not as useful if you don't own a home PC&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	10 ($700)&amp;#13;&amp;#Expensive;Not as a if you don't own useful home PC&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Goes thru batteries like a hot knife thru butter. Grainy pics of far objects.
0	Goes thru batteries like a hot knife thru butter. granular pics of far target.
1	Superb Image Capture
1	Superb trope Capture
1	Compact, Indiglo, Evironment Feature
1	Compact, Indiglo, Feature
0	Expensive cartridges (approx. $30/ea.)
0	ea cartridges (approx. $30/Expensive.)
1	feature packed,nice price
1	feature nice,packed price
1	affordable, high quality pictures, holds a lot of pictures, USB port, pocket-sized, so it's easy to carry around.
1	affordable, high quality pictures, holds a fate of photograph, USB port, pocket-sized, so it's promiscuous to carry around.
1	Value, light, small, resolution and versatility, simple installation and use, low price
1	Value, light, small, resolution and versatility, dim-witted installation and habit, low price
1	Excellent audio, good looking, reasonable keyboard, very nice screen
1	Excellent audio, good looking, reasonable keyboard, front very nice screen
1	1 Device for everything
1	Device for everything
0	Lag time
0	Lag clock
1	Excellent picture quality
1	picture quality
1	Superior image quality, easy to use, good documentation and software
1	Superior picture quality, easy to apply, good documentation and software
0	None
0	none
1	Good sensitivity.  Good sound quality.  Good battery life
1	Good sensitivity.  Good quality.  Good battery life
0	Using screen eats batteries, manual seemingly written by gorillas
0	Using screen eats batteries, manual seemingly written gorillas
1	Good, solid camera, suitable for the everyday user
1	skillful, solid camera, suitable for the everyday user
1	Good price, Good Quality
1	Good price, Good prime
1	NONE
1	NONE
0	Slow spool-up time (not an issue for me), Somewhat noisy
0	Somewhat spool-up time (not an issue for me), Slow noisy
1	Very sturdy, very comfortable in the hand, good pictures.
1	Very sturdy, very comfortable in pictures hand, good the.
0	dropped calls; keypad difficult to use
0	dropped calls; keypad difficult to 
1	IR Port, &quot;Wearability&quot;
1	IR porthole, &quot;Wearability&quot;
1	clear pics, zoom, easy to use
1	clear, zoom, easy to use
1	A quality printer with great text printing and good photo outputs.
1	A quality printer with great text printing and good outputs photo.
1	Size, price and quality.
1	Size, cost and quality.
1	Great Picture Quality
1	Great Quality
0	Limited memory and Of course the speaker phone bug
0	Limited storage and Of course the speaker phone bug
1	Smaller than any other nextel, Gets same signal for its size.
1	Smaller for any other nextel, Gets same signal than its size.
0	internal antenna (can that be a con?)
0	internal that (can antenna be a con?)
1	Great Phone
1	Great groovy Phone
0	Manual is sorely lacking of details
0	Manual is sorely lacking of contingent
0	a bit expensive, but well worth it
0	expensive bit a, but well worth it
0	Lens cap not attached.
0	lense cap not attached.
1	SMALL EASY TO CARRY
1	SMALL well-to-do TO CARRY
0	Sliding lens cover  butts retracting lens
0	Sliding lens cross  butts retracting lens
1	cool blue light
1	cool blue gentle light
0	speed,speed,speed
0	speed,speed,speed
1	Good resolution &amp;amp; picture quality, easy to use
1	Good resolution &amp;amp; picture quality, easy use
1	Great Quality Pictures for the price, Small and Compact, low price
1	Great Quality Pictures for the price, and Compact, low 
1	looks good ( thats it !!)
1	good ( thats it !!)
0	The manual
0	The manual
0	no bluetooth
0	no 
1	Outstanding image quality, very easy to use, great software
1	image quality, very easy to use, great software
1	cheap - good quality if you have time to wait.
1	cheap - good quality if you chinchy have time to wait.
1	Ease of use and low long range cost
1	Ease of use low long range cost
1	All in one and able to integrate phone needs and palm databases
1	All in unrivaled and able to integrate phone postulate and palm databases
0	The earpiece volume is a bit low but i may be going deaf!
0	The earpiece bit is a volume low but i may be going deaf!
1	Great pictures, easy storage
1	Great pictures, easy 
1	Takes great pictures - both still and video clips; great media format.
1	Takes great pictures - both still and clips; great format.
1	Please give comment
1	comment give Please
1	Great Picture Quality, ease in use
1	Picture Great Quality, ease in use
0	Paint chipping, relatively short battery life, heats up during use.
0	Paint chipping, relatively short life, heats up during.
0	Number of pics camera stores and battery
0	of pics camera stores and battery
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	Better than the V710 but not perfrect.
0	4meg stick is a joke. Accessories make this camera expensive.
0	4meg sting is a joke. Accessories pee-pee this camera expensive.
0	Chintzy Optical Viewfinder, Build Quality, Poor Ergonomics
0	Optical Viewfinder, Build Quality, Poor Ergonomics
0	Battery meter and charging unreliable, phone turns off randomly
0	Battery meter and charging unreliable, phone turning off randomly
0	Everything else
0	else Everything
1	Easy to Use, Price, Size, Zoom Lens
1	Easy Use, Price, Size, Zoom Lens
0	One day,  D:1E10 appeared in screen and the camera did not work after that.  
0	One day,  D:1E10 appeared in screen answer and the camera inch did not work after that.  
1	Clarity, Speakerphone, Phone Book, Voice Dial and Ring, Battery Life,Size
1	Clarity, Speakerphone, Phone Book, Voice Dial and headphone Ring, Battery Life,Size
1	high quality, easy to use, fast and portable, takes great pictures; tons of fun!
1	quality, easy to use, fast and portable, takes great pictures; tons of!
0	Low battery life
0	battery life
1	battery life, games, price (free), inter-face
1	games life, battery, price (free), inter-face
1	A LOT
1	amp LOT
1	Size, built, image quality
1	, built, image quality
1	Lightweight, good quality, good value for money
1	Lightweight, good quality, good value money for
0	Can't find clip for it yet.
0	Can't find clip for yet.
1	Tiny, Light, Customizable ringtones, Ease of use
1	Tiny, bantam Light, Customizable ringtones, Ease of use
1	sturdy body, pc connectivity, a lot of features, great tft screen, lens, power management, etc
1	sturdy, pc connectivity, lot of, great tft screen, lens, power management, etc
0	without a good quality color printer and photo paper, you're stuck viewing photos on the computer
0	photos quality good a color printer and photo paper, you're stuck viewing without on the computer
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	A decent phone with unique features!
0	Slime factor, weak battery, transferring contacts, ugly, won't sync, won't record phone conversations
0	Slime factor, battery, transferring contacts, ugly, won't sync, won't record phone 
0	Quality of Picture, Battery Life, Tech Support, EVERYTHING AUTOMATIC
0	Quality of Picture, Life, Tech Support, EVERYTHING AUTOMATIC
1	Blue backlighting, space between keys, cool looking
1	Blue backlighting, space keys between, cool looking
0	Lens cap cheap, doesn't stay on. Shadow on left of subject when using flash, , 
0	Lens cap cheap, doesn't stay on. on left of subject when using, , 
1	Fits through store doors, can handle larger kids
1	Fits through store shop doors, can handle larger kids
1	great features, stand-by and talk time is outstanding
1	outstanding features, stand-by and talk time is great
0	Ring tones, even turned up high, not loud enough.
0	Ring tones, enough turned up high, not loud even.
0	A little thicker than the older 2035 model
0	A the thicker than little older 2035 model
1	Easy to use, fairly inexpensive, good indoor pictures and I love using a floppy for storage
1	wanton to use, fairly inexpensive, good indoor visualise and I dear using a floppy for storage
1	Great quality for it's price!
1	Great quality for Price it's price!
0	Could provide better/easier software, have to buy a/c adapter separately.
0	Could provide better/easier software, package have to buy a/c adapter separately.
0	None
0	None
1	large seats and basket, lightweight
1	large and basket, lightweight
0	Slow menus,Annoying keyboard lock, Display brightness, Soft Ring, Bluetooth strobe
0	Slow menus,Annoying keyboard lock, brightness, Soft, Bluetooth strobe
1	accomodate infant seat, compact and light weight.
1	infant accomodate seat, compact and light weight.
0	Dies every two weeks
0	Dies every two 
0	VERY slow transfers with serial cable model, not professional level photography
0	VERY slow remove with serial cable mannequin, not professional level photography
0	Not easy to operate, eats batteries
0	Not easy to sluttish operate, eats batteries
0	a bit bulky, expensive, sometimes gets poor signal
0	bit a bulky, expensive, sometimes gets poor signal
0	Lack of sync plug and firewire, uses too many batteries, very fragile, ISO 320
0	Lack of synchronise plug and firewire, uses too many battery, very fragile, ISO 320
0	Car charger not included, poor ear piece quality, Cam poor resolution, screen scratched up easily.
0	Car cam charger not included, poor ear piece quality, Cam poor resolution, part screen scratched up easily.
0	Poor camera, weak vibrate mode, horrible keys
0	Poor camera, weak vibrate manner, horrible keys
0	Ink and paper can be expensive if you only do full page high quality pictures
0	Ink paper can be expensive if you only do page high quality 
1	Great quality, super quiet, CHEAP
1	Great CHEAP, super quiet, quality
0	Some common functions hard to access
0	Some common run hard to access
1	works great, like any digital camera
1	works great, any digital camera
1	crisp pictures, moderately fast. easy, economical
1	crisp pictures, moderately fast. dissolute easy, economical
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash tenacious format
1	Absolutely NONE for me!!!
1	dead NONE for me!!!
0	Heavy, Poor close range performance.
0	threatening, Poor close range performance.
1	compact and easy to use
1	and easy to use
1	Fairly decent for someone just learning to use a digital camera
1	jolly decent for someone just acquisition to use a digital camera
0	COST $$$$$, canopy, basket
0	canopy $$$$$, COST, basket
0	Small Paper Tray, Only one USB.
0	Small Paper Tray, Only one paper USB.
0	plain design, speed
0	plain design, speeding
0	Problems with driver and CF card.
0	Problems with driver and CF card.
1	Price
1	price
0	None, total satisfaction
0	, total satisfaction
1	Pretty Slim, External LCD, External Ring-Silencer
1	passably Slim, External LCD, External Ring-Silencer
1	Great size, easy-to-use, clear reception
1	Great size, easy-to-use, reception
1	Good features, cheaper than most cameras.
1	Good sport features, cheaper than most cameras.
0	3x zoom. Flash is overwhelming at times.
0	3x zoom. flashgun is overwhelming at times.
0	TERRIBLE battery life
0	TERRIBLE battery dire life
1	Size, picture color, zoom, photo display(very clear!), 2 hr. battery charge
1	Size, picture color, zoom, photo display(very clear!), 2 hr. photograph battery charge
1	Affordable
1	affordable Affordable
0	 Uses up alot of ink, the cartridges are expensive,not very fast at printing
0	 Uses up alot of ink, printing cartridges are expensive,not very fast at the
0	Abysmal service, unintuitive interface, short battery life, random errors, etc.
0	Abysmal service, unintuitive interface, short port battery life, random errors, etc.
1	clarity, great flash, infolithium battery
1	clarity, battery flash, infolithium great
0	Expensive
0	expensive
1	Simple; easy to use; built like a tank (but only 14 oz)
1	Simple; easy to use; built care a tank (but only XIV oz)
0	Battery Life
0	Life
0	No zoom, slow upload time, poor picture quality in less than bright natural lighting conditions.
0	No zoom, slow less time, poor picture quality lighting upload than bright natural in conditions.
0	EVERYTHING
0	EVERYTHING
1	radio
1	wireless radio
1	One of the sturdiest,lightest and most attractive strollers on the market.
1	ambler One of the sturdiest,lightest and most attractive strollers on the market.
1	easy to install and prints nice and clear
1	easy to install and prints nice and realize
0	Only 4 MB CF card included, eats through batteries like there's no tomorrow
0	Only 4 MB CF card included, eats through batteries like there's cf no tomorrow
0	Manual - Phone functions - buttons - menues
0	Manual - functions Phone - buttons - menues
0	picture quality, terrible flash, terrible user-interface!!
0	frightful picture quality, terrible flash, terrible user-interface!!
1	Great text quality
1	peachy text quality
0	Cannon software not that great. Needs ink indicator as part of program. 
0	Cannon software not that great. Needs ink indicator division as part of program. 
0	None
0	None
1	Fast. Terrific quality. Sleeker design
1	Fast. marvelous quality. Sleeker design
0	Slllowwwwww, unable to really multi-task
0	Slllowwwwww, very unable to really multi-task
0	price of the ink cartridges
0	the of price ink cartridges
0	Comes with rather small memory card, no rechargeable batteries, and no memory card reader.
0	Comes with rather memory card, no rechargeable, and no memory card reader.
0	Battery gets hot on long calls.
0	Battery on hot gets long calls.
1	Easily accessible rear seating for preschooler
1	Easily preschooler rear seating for accessible
1	Tri-band allows you use your phone in majority of the foreign countries.
1	Tri-band permit you use your phone in majority of the foreign country.
0	Perhaps a little bit bit but it is the compromise with the Palm !
0	Perhaps a little bit bit it is compromise with the Palm !
1	A great all-in-one machine!
1	great all-in-one machine!
1	Stylish and sexy.  Great list of features. Beautiful metal casing.
1	Stylish and sexy.  Great list of features. Beautiful metal case casing.
0	slow serial connection, no optical zoom
0	slow serial connection, connecter no optical zoom
1	High Resolution
1	Resolution High
0	Haven't found one yet
0	Haven't found unitary yet
0	No speaker phone, phone book can't be on SIM card, fingerprints show, no send/end buttons
0	No speaker phone, phone book can't be verbalizer on SIM card, fingerprints show, no send/end ledger buttons
0	HP ink is always expensive
0	incessantly HP ink is always expensive
1	Small a packed with features.
1	Small a pile with features.
1	Lens, lens. and lens
1	Lens, lens. and lense
0	Speed is a bit leisurely.
0	Speed leisurely a bit is.
0	Very bad phone menu, bad options, bad software design.
0	Very bad phone menu, bad options, bad software badness design.
1	Small, easy to use, great price.
1	Small, easy to purpose, great price.
1	GREAT quality pics for a 1.3 megapixel camera
1	GREAT a pics for quality 1.3 megapixel camera
0	none to speak of
0	to speak of
1	Light, small, keys covered, many options.
1	Light, small, keys covered, many minor options.
0	Occasional dropouts and toggle button hard to maneuver-- very tiny!!
0	Occasional dropouts and toggle button tiny to maneuver-- very hard!!
1	Takes good pics, camera flip phone
1	Takes good pics, camera consume flip phone
0	Envelope feeding, Speed
0	quicken Envelope feeding, Speed
0	expensive, battery life slightly short, flash slightly weak, only 2.1 mega pixels
0	expensive, battery life slightly short, flash slightly weak, only 2.1 mega somewhat pixels
1	All the features, fantastic battery, light
1	All the features, fantastic battery, illumine
0	Video does not have sound
0	Video does not have 
1	2.1 mega pixel, Auto flash with some extra flash features,TV out,USB,3X zoom
1	2.unity mega pixel, Auto ostentate with some extra dash features,TV out,USB,3X zoom
0	Still portraits usually cause red eye syndrome
0	Still cause usually portraits red eye syndrome
1	great quality printouts on photos &amp;amp; text
1	great quality printouts swell on photos &amp;amp; text
0	Battery life
0	Battery 
0	Lens cap stinks. Outdoor shots are inconsistent. 
0	Lens crownwork stinks. Outdoor shots are inconsistent. 
0	Battery life is low and provided memory is not sufficient.
0	Battery life is low provided memory not sufficient.
0	Size, poor integration ergonomics&#13;&#10;Very weak ringer
0	Size, poor integration ergonomics&#;&#10;Very weak ringer
1	Fast!
1	profligate Fast!
0	a little more expensive than some others
0	a little expensive than some others
0	No vibrate only, difficult to open, FRAGILE
0	No vibrate, difficult to open, FRAGILE
1	great photo quality, high print speed, memory card reader
1	memory photo quality, high print speed, great card reader
1	camera is easy to use
1	camera is easy to soft use
0	No hard copy of the instruction manual included with camera.
0	No hard of the instruction included with camera.
0	paper jams
0	paper obstruct
1	Multi-use capabilities that meet all of my business needs
1	Multi-use capabilities that meet all of my whole business needs
1	Good entry level printer
1	Good level entry printer
0	Eats Batteries
0	Eats shelling
0	None
0	none
0	battery life, exposure
0	battery barrage life, exposure
0	Ink price
0	Ink cost
0	Expensive
0	Expensive
0	Could have better sound quality, no color screen
0	Could have better quality, no color screen
1	Price, Price, Price
1	Price, Price, Price
0	programming, picture printing
0	program programming, picture printing
0	cartridge price, size of printer
0	price cartridge, size of printer
0	Limited Features
0	Limited 
1	Small size, metal casing, weather proof
1	modest Small size, metal casing, weather proof
0	none
0	none
1	HEAVY DUTY; JACK OF ALL TRADES; RELIABLE.
1	HEAVY JACK; DUTY OF ALL TRADES; RELIABLE.
0	Crashes, bad documentation, bad Cingular network
0	Crashes, bad bad, documentation Cingular network
1	Absolutely everything about this camera
1	Absolutely everything about absolutely this camera
0	I kind of feel bad for the person that bought it.
0	kind of feel bad for the that bought it.
0	adjusting to no film processing?
0	adjusting to no film process?
0	wedded to Sony for supplies, Only prints 4x6 and 3.5x4 pictures
0	wedded to Sony for supplies, Only prints 4x6 and print 3.5x4 pictures
0	Wears out quickly.
0	Wears out speedily.
0	3x zoom, small memory stick included, price
0	3x zoom, small memory wedge included, price
1	High Quality, inexpensive
1	High calibre, inexpensive
1	great printer, excellent results
1	great printer, pressman excellent results
0	Floppy media means moving parts, price
0	Floppy media means moving section, price
1	Nice support personnel at Epson. 
1	Nice astatine support personnel at Epson. 
1	Although an oldie but very reliable.
1	Although oldie an but very reliable.
0	Poor sound quality, not durable, features not that easy to use.
0	Poor sound feature quality, not durable, features not that easy to use.
1	Small, attractive, excellent sound and signal reception, LOTS of features
1	, attractive, excellent sound and signal reception, LOTS of 
0	Battery life
0	barrage life
1	Quality digital pictures, easy use, many features, great value
1	Quality digital pictures, easy use, see many features, great value
0	Battery life, Serial connection
0	Battery life, connection Serial
0	a little heavy &amp;amp; need 2 hands to steer
0	a lilliputian sonorous &amp;amp; need 2 hands to steer
0	Underpowered flash. Must remove battery to charge it. Occasional auto-focus problems.
0	flash. remove battery to charge it. Occasional auto-focus problems.
1	affordable
1	affordable
1	front swivel wheel, 5 point harness, lightweight, easy assembly
1	front swivel wheel, 5 point harness, assembly, easy lightweight
0	Big size
0	bad size
0	I dislike the Navi button
0	I dislike the button
1	Color print quality,price,ease of use
1	colourize print quality,price,ease of use
0	Small size is a little disconcerting at first.
0	Small size is initiative a little disconcerting at first.
1	3.5 floppy goes into any computer, delete bad pics, good 16x zoom
1	3.5 floppy ternary goes into any computer, delete bad pics, good 16x zoom
0	Goes through ink like a baby goes through diapers, unreliable, slow
0	Goes through ink like baby goes diapers, unreliable, slow
0	can be hard to get a signal sometimes
0	can be hard to sustain a signal sometimes
1	Cuteness factor-cute multicolored bouncing lights on the front, tip calculator, loud enough
1	Cuteness factor-cute multicolored bouncing lights on the front,, loud enough
1	High definition, batteries last up to about 4 hours.
1	High definition, batteries last up to about tetrad hours.
1	great prints
1	prints great
1	very nice pictures low price
1	nice very pictures low price
1	Quality
1	Quality
1	Takes Clear Shots, Easy to Use, Good Features for Price
1	Takes Clear easygoing Shots, Easy to Use, Good Features for Price
1	Outstanding pictures/text
1	pictures Outstanding/text
1	Great photo print quality, wide carriage for Super A3/B prints
1	Great carriage print quality, wide photo for Super A3/B prints
0	Costly power adapter!
0	Costly adapter power!
0	Poor tech support, Does not work with Win98
0	with tech support, Does not work Poor Win98
0	quality of distant images, no LCD image preview
0	quality of images, no LCD image preview
1	sturdy, sharp bright colors, inexpensive
1	sturdy, knifelike bright colors, inexpensive
0	Its a huge phone, but it has a fold out keyboard. Can't use standard headset.
0	Its a huge earpiece, but it has a fold out keyboard. Can't usance banner headset.
1	New low price. Quality product
1	New low. Quality product
1	appearance and design, Bluetooth capability, speakerphone, brilliant display
1	appearance and design, Bluetooth capability, speakerphone, display
1	Extremely customizable; excellent sound; great features; fun games; inexpensive.
1	Extremely customizable; excellent sound; great features; fun games;.
1	Light weight, sleek look, value for money mobile
1	Light weight, sleek value, look for money mobile
0	no carry case, 
0	no carry event, 
1	great picture quality, 6 color inks, border free printing
1	great picture quality, 6 color inks, free printing
1	Picture Quality, Ease of use, zoom.
1	Picture Quality, Ease of use,.
0	Poor battery life, bad menu design/interface, weak coverage by Nextel in non-metro areas and spotty coverage in metro-areas, fewer niceties than on comparable fones
0	inadequate bombardment lifetime, unfit menu conception/interface, weak coverage by Nextel in non-metro areas and spotty coverage in metro-areas, fewer niceties than on comparable fones
0	Battery life, reception, earpiece volume, build quality.
0	Battery life,, earpiece volume, build quality.
0	Scanner damages photos. Print quality stinks at any setting.
0	Scanner scanner damages photos. Print quality stinks at any setting.
0	I have had the original and two replacements lockup and fail
0	I have had the original II and two replacements lockup and fail
1	Very Small and light weight.  Decent sound quality.  Good battery life.
1	Very Small and light weight.  Decent sound Good.  quality battery life.
1	Very small,tons of useful features, flip phone, external LED, strong ear phone
1	Very small,flip of useful features, tons phone, external LED, strong ear phone
0	heavy, expensive
0	laborious, expensive
0	Small storage basket, no built in cup holders.
0	Small storage basket, no built cup holders.
0	None
0	None
0	Verizon Disabled Features
0	Verizon Disabled 
0	Needs adapter for USB, 
0	Needs adapter for, 
1	Compact size, excellent images, excellent macro focus
1	Compact size, excellent excellent, images macro focus
0	Big &amp; Bulky, Battery Life Short
0	Big &amp; Bulky, Battery life Life Short
0	Not as clear of a picture as a more expensive camera would take. 
0	Not as decipherable of a ikon as a more expensive camera would take. 
1	Good optics, Excellent battery, Excellent controls, "Retro" styling, Built-in flash and hot-shoe
1	Good, Excellent battery, Excellent controls, "Retro" styling, Built-in flash hot-shoe
1	High resolution, right size, good preview, powerful zoom
1	High resolution, right size, mellow good preview, powerful zoom
1	Clear, good quality pictures
1	Clear, good quality 
0	The absolute worst picture quality I've ever seen on ANY digital camera, at any price.
0	The absolute ever picture quality I've worst seen on ANY digital camera, price any at.
1	inexpensive, high quality color and b&amp;w print-out; nice little features 
1	inexpensive, color and b&amp;w print-out; nice little features 
0	still slightly bulky,cant add pics or ringtone for each contact,lots of people have it,flat screen
0	still fairly slightly bulky,somewhat cant add pics or ringtone for each contact,lots of people have it,flat screen
1	Beautiful prints, low initial cost
1	Beautiful beautiful prints, low initial cost
1	Very good quality printer for a low cost
1	Very good quality printer for skillful a low cost
1	Big screen
1	grownup screen
1	it took quite a few smashes to break the screen
1	it crash took quite a few smashes to break the screen
1	Easy to set up &amp; use. Excellent quality print jobs and pictures.
1	Easy to set up &amp;. Excellent quality print and pictures.
0	Big footprint
0	Big 
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, much earphones, + so Bluetooth more
0	battery life, transfer speed
0	battery lifespan, transfer speed
0	Does not print photos very well
0	Does not photos print very well
1	Set up of printer and software easy
1	Set software of printer and up easy
1	fast, great color
1	fast, color great
1	everything
1	everything
1	floppy disk storage
1	floppy disk 
1	Fast, great print quality 
1	riotous, great print quality 
0	Battery life is too short., Battery takes 8 hours or more to charge
0	Battery life is too., Battery takes 8 hours or more charge
0	Cartridges are a bit expensive
0	Cartridges a bit expensive
0	Not extremely fast
0	Not fast extremely
1	The size, cost, no contracts, roaming fees etc.
1	The size, cost, no contracts, roaming fees.
1	Color screen, PCS Vision capable, polyphonic ringer, speakerphone, flip style.
1	Color screen, PCS flick Vision capable, polyphonic ringer, speakerphone, flip style.
1	small, long lasting battery.
1	, long lasting battery.
1	Size, weight, good choice of ring tones, durable, and memo feature is also very useful.
1	Size,, good choice of ring tones, durable, memo is also very useful.
0	Largest memory stick is 128MB.  Do not come with a case.  Lots of accessories.
0	Largest memory a is 128MB.  Do not come with stick case.  Lots of accessories.
0	battery LIFE!
0	battery!
1	World Phone, Blue Back-light, Price, Loaded with Features, Great Clairity.
1	existence Phone, Blue Back-light, Price, adulterate with Features, Great Clairity.
0	No IRDA prort,Program cable not included.
0	No not prort,Program cable IRDA included.
1	Camera, External Display, Large Internal Display, Speakerphone, Records Video, Flip Button
1	Camera, Display, Large Internal Display, Speakerphone, Records Video, Button
1	Picture quality, price, self explanatory menus
1	Picture quality, price, timber self explanatory menus
1	color scree, polymorphic ringtones, wide selection of games, small size, good call quality, web browser
1	color scree, polymorphic ringtones, wide selection of games, small size, polymorphous good call modest quality, web browser
0	Paper feeding disaster
0	Paper feeding calamity disaster
0	dull text
0	dampen text
1	easy to use, for the basic user, a good starter digicam
1	dependable easy to use, for the basic user, a good starter digicam
1	Excellent pictures, great software
1	Excellent pictures, heavy software
0	Limited ISO range (only 100 and 200). Need to pre-focus. Otherwise excellent.
0	specify ISO rate (only 100 and 200). Need to pre-focus. Otherwise excellent.
1	Surprisingly good pictures and video from this inexpensive tiny camera.
1	Surprisingly good pictures and video from this amazingly inexpensive tiny camera.
1	Lightweight, slim, good feature set, good screen clarity
1	Lightweight, slim, good feature set, good screen have clarity
0	size of cartridge
0	of cartridge
0	keys "sweat" on the screen, talk time is 'eh', no full mp3's
0	keys "" on the screen, talk time is ', no full mp3's
0	No web or GSM, no useful keyboard lock, hard to change rings. Antenna can break!
0	No WWW or GSM, no useful keyboard lock, strong to change rings. Antenna can shift!
1	Great quality pictures, easy to use
1	Great quality pictures, to use
0	Pretty loud
0	passably Pretty loud
0	None that I can find.
0	None find I can that.
0	It does not have a zoom lens
0	It does not have a zoom lense
1	Small, Pocket-sized, Attractive appearance, many accessories
1	Small,, Attractive appearance, many accessories
0	Some features can't be accessed by software if Windows XP. No paper manual.
0	Some features can't be accessed software if XP. No paper manual.
0	Weird form, Pricey, Camera needs work
0	camera Weird form, Pricey, Camera needs work
0	Short battery life.
0	forgetful battery life.
0	One cartridge, rather than dual.
0	One cartridge, instead rather than dual.
1	Great  customer  service  and  recieption
1	Great  customer  Service  and  recieption
0	Some signal problems, few carriers
0	Some signal, few carriers
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	-Flimsy Charger
0	-Flimsy unconvincing Charger
1	durable, easy to use
1	durable, easy slowly to use
1	price, performance
1	performance, price
1	sleek, sexy design, fits in most tight places, camera, bluetooth, mp3 capabilities
1	sleek, sexy design, accommodate in most tight lieu, camera, bluetooth, mp3 capabilities
0	Cant print at speeds that are said
0	tilt print at speeds that are said
1	It's sleek, thin and stylish, but there's where it stops.
1	It's sleek, and stylish, there's where it stops.
1	Never jams, quite good output with color management software
1	production Never jams, quite good output with color management software
1	Well designed
1	Well 
0	small document tray
0	small document 
0	Uses memory sticks (expensive). Proprietary battery. Insufficient memory, no case or spare battery as standard.
0	apply memory sticks (expensive). Proprietary battery. Insufficient memory, no case or trim battery as received.
0	noisy, slow, and a maintenance headache
0	noisy, slow, and a maintenance 
0	Annena breaks easy but not needed. Large compare to new flip phones.
0	Annena new easy but not needed. Large compare to breaks flip phones.
0	side control button location, shows fingerprints
0	side control button fingermark location, shows fingerprints
0	not too many features
0	too not many features
1	I love the easy access and not hard to get things.
1	I love the non easy access and not hard to get things.
0	Pathetic Keyboard lock, lousy battery life, vulnerable antenna, no vibrator.
0	Pathetic Keyboard lock, lousy battery life, antenna vulnerable, no vibrator.
0	Handsfree jack and headset are a joke!
0	Handsfree squat and headset are a joke!
1	high resolution, zoom feature on preview screen, movie function, fast USB transfer, fancy menu/user interface, manual functions (night mode), and the image transfer that automatically sorts the pictures in a web page format by date thus saving a lot of tim
1	high solution, zoom feature on preview screen, movie function, fast USB transfer, fancy menu/user interface, manual office (night mode), and the envision carry-over that automatically sorts the depiction in a entanglement page format by appointment thus saving a hatful of tim
1	Small, easy to use, good picture quality, cheap, and readily available.
1	Small, easy to cheap, good picture quality, use, and readily available.
1	Small (relatively), sleek, lightweight -- a real eye turner
1	pocket-size (relatively), sleek, lightweight -- a real eye turner
0	paper jams, annoying sounds, so-so print quality
0	paper jams, annoying sounds, so-so print timbre
0	Heavy, not pretty looking, cheap ring tones,  screen scratches easily.
0	Heavy, not pretty looking, cheap tones,  screen scratches.
0	Large blow-ups show pixels
0	big blow-ups show pixels
1	Inexpensive/Easy to use
1	Inexpensive/Easy use to
1	Ease of use and features built in
1	Ease have of use and features built in
1	Great pictures, easy to use and adjust
1	Great depiction, easy to use and adjust
0	Ink Tank Capacity
0	Tank Capacity
1	Great value; Dependable print capacity; User-friendly; Simple installation
1	Great User-friendly; Dependable print capacity; value; Simple installation
0	Weak flash
0	flash Weak
0	Battery life seems a bit short, soft ringer volume
0	Battery life seems a bit short, soft volume
1	Not to expensive, has worked pretty much flawlessly
1	worked to expensive, has Not pretty much flawlessly
0	No web feature, hard to use
0	No to feature, hard web use
1	Small, great Pictures, 3x zoom, Movies and Audio.
1	Small, big Pictures, 3x zoom, Movies and Audio.
0	Didn't come with a holster or bluetooth headset.  Can't record videos.
0	Didn't come with a holster or bluetooth headset.  Can't record videos.
0	Battery life could be a little longer. Needs more memory.
0	Battery life could a little. Needs more memory.
1	compact!
1	compact!
0	None yet
0	None notwithstanding
0	must accessorize, semi-long time for picture to load
0	must mustiness accessorize, semi-long time for picture to load
0	Pause between button push and shot
0	Pause between button shot and push
1	It is very affordable, it's small and fits anywhere meaning you can take it anywhere.
1	It is very affordable, be it's small and fits anywhere meaning you can humble take it anywhere.
0	Screen quality in bright sunlight, Serial based hot sync cradle.
0	Screen in bright sunlight, based hot sync cradle.
1	Superb performance, full features for the price.
1	Superb performance, broad features for the price.
0	freaking batteries don't last very long. doesn't come with a case, or rechargeable batteries... 
0	freaking don't last very long. doesn't come with a case, or batteries... 
0	Finicky in low-light situations, download software difficult to use
0	Finicky in low-light situations, download software difficult to usance
1	Bluetooth, price, AMAZING features
1	Bluetooth, awing price, AMAZING features
0	Not reliable
0	dependable Not reliable
0	none noticed
0	noticed
0	Easy to press unwanted buttons while holding camera, limited movie time
0	Easy to while unwanted buttons press holding camera, limited movie time
0	2x Optical Zoom, needs a 16-32MB card
0	2x Optical Zoom, needs 16-32MB card
0	Other than the included manual, none
0	early than the included manual, none
0	Fairly expensive; slightly heavier and bulkier than some compact digital cameras.
0	expensive; slightly and bulkier than some compact digital cameras.
0	Cant  satisfy  everyone
0	camber  satisfy  everyone
1	Good quality and speed for everyday jobs.
1	Good choice and speed for everyday jobs.
1	UMMMM I can make and receive some phone calls, thats about it.
1	UMMMM I can stimulate and receive some phone cry, thats about it.
0	slow to write images to flash card, can't download all pictures at the same time to a folder, must download one picture at a time
0	slow write images to flash card, can't all pictures at the same time to a, download one picture at a 
0	Fragile, Hard to hear
0	Fragile, to hear
0	fails as a phone, too quiet to use in loud places
0	to as a phone, too quiet fails use in loud places
0	none at this time
0	at this time
1	Small size for a non folding phone, good battery life, intuitive O/S.
1	diminished Small size for a non folding phone, good battery life, intuitive O/S.
1	Excellent camera
1	excellent camera
1	Fairly inexpensive; separate ink cartridges
1	Fairly inexpensive; separate ink moderately cartridges
1	Great resolution,great feel, weatherproof and much much more.
1	weatherproof resolution,great feel, Great and much much more.
1	Beautiful sharp and consistant BW printing.
1	Beautiful astute and consistant BW printing.
0	horrible color issues left my pictures looking unrealistic &amp; cartoon-like
0	horrible color release left my depiction looking unrealistic &amp; cartoon-like
1	a good door stop
1	a good stop
0	Zoom button is in an annoying place.
0	Zoom button is clitoris in an annoying place.
0	Does not vibrate
0	Does vibrate not
1	Easy to install software.
1	promiscuous to install software.
1	Easy, inexpensive, no polka-dots
1	tardily, inexpensive, no polka-dots
1	compactness, ease of use, battery life
1	liveliness compactness, ease of use, battery life
1	Just a phone, more durable than most, good display size, good battery life
1	Just a adept phone, more durable than most, good display size, good battery life
0	flash
0	flash
1	Small footprint, easy set up.
1	set footprint, easy Small up.
0	Web feature not usable at this point&#13;&#10;keypad not protected = calls from pocket&#13;&#10;
0	Web feature not usable at this point&#13;&#10;keypad not protected = x calls from pocket&#13;&#tenner 10;
1	One hand foldability, pneumatic tires, useable with infant seats to 50lb children, adjustable handle.
1	One hand foldability, pneumatic tires, with infant to 50lb children, adjustable handle.
1	quality photo's and easy to take pictures.
1	quality photo's and easy to conduct pictures.
0	very slow; cartridges very expensive and don't last long
0	very slow; cartridges very and don't last long
0	absolutely nothing
0	nothing absolutely
1	Sturdy, easy to use, great features for dollar, most likely, the stroller you will grab and use
1	Sturdy, for to use, great features easy likely, most dollar, the stroller you will grab and use
1	never jams, ease of changing ink 
1	jams never, ease of changing ink 
1	Inexpensive, easy to set up and use, good color and resolution, and voice feedback.
1	Inexpensive, easy to set up and use, good color cheap and resolution, and voice feedback.
0	EVERYTHING ELSE!!!  Battery life, reception, keypad, ringers, gets very hot...you name it, it's bad!
0	ELSE!!!  Battery, reception, keypad, ringers, gets very hot...you name, it's bad!
0	Initial memory and charger inadequate, no sound, Pixela software unintelligible.
0	Initial sound and charger inadequate, no memory, Pixela software unintelligible.
0	No U.S.B. cable; Flimsy front lens cover
0	No U.S.B.; Flimsy front lens cover
1	Very easy to use, Great picture Quality, Video with Audio is a great feature
1	Very to use, Great Quality, Video with Audio is a great feature
0	Still very pricey for what is basically an "amateur" base camera.
0	Still very amateur for what is basically an "pricey" base camera.
1	12PPM (fast), flatbed, good color quality, sheet feeder
1	12PPM (fast), flatbed, proficient color quality, sheet feeder
0	Scratches easily, Web browser
0	web Scratches easily, Web browser
1	Cheap&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quality Printing
1	amp&Cheap;#13;&amp;#10;Quality Printing
1	Clear picture. Easy to use.  Takes panoramic photos.
1	Clear picture. to use.  Takes panoramic photos.
1	rugged, very nice screen, superb speakerphone and noise cancelling, excellent battery life
1	rugged, very nice covert, superb speakerphone and noise cancelling, excellent battery lifetime
0	is an older model so it lacks certain features
0	is an older model so it features certain lacks
0	Easy to break/ wear charger design, phone freezes and lags at times
0	charger to break/ wear Easy design, phone freezes and lags at times
0	Can't customize cover; bottom buttons difficult to reach; earpiece did't fit my ear
0	Can't customize cover; backside button difficult to reach; earpiece did't fit my ear
1	Learned what to avoid in my next digital camera purchase.
1	determine what to deflect in my next digital camera purchase.
0	Yellow Tint Indoors, Few Physical Design Flaws
0	Yellow Tint Indoors, Few Physical Design physical Flaws
0	none
0	none
0	Camera is sufficient.
0	Camera sufficient.
1	great text prints, decent color, fairly fast
1	great text prints, decent bully color, fairly fast
0	Not many different ring tones, all the features could be confusing for a first-time user
0	many different ring tones, all the could be confusing for a first-time 
0	Too much phone, will you surf the net from a phone?
0	Too you phone, will much surf the net from a phone?
0	optical viewfinder can sometimes be misleading
0	optical viewfinder can sometimes be dismiss misleading
0	Shutter release delay can be frustrating.
0	Shutter frustrating delay can be release.
0	slow, limited zoom, software
0	retard, limited zoom, software
1	quality prints quickly
1	quality quickly prints
0	Very small, for small hands
0	small Very, for small hands
0	Reception?  Maybe.
0	receipt?  Maybe.
0	Not particularly good for printing out 4x6 or other normal photo sized prints.
0	Not particularly good for out 4x6 or normal photo sized prints.
1	Quality Images, Lots of Features, 
1	Quality Images, hatful of Features, 
1	many features
1	features many
1	Good print quality, overall good value - typical of Epson
1	Epson print quality, overall good value - typical of Good
1	Blue screen and sailboat screensavers ? Yippeeee
1	grim screen and sailboat screensavers ? Yippeeee
0	None so far.
0	None so thusly far.
0	Slow, Voice Dialing doesn't work, practically everything about the phone.
0	Slow, Voice Dialing doesn't about, practically everything work the phone.
0	no storage
0	no repositing
0	Static!
0	Static!
1	monitor, features, lens
1	, features, lens
1	Great print quality.Quiet.
1	print Great quality.Quiet.
0	No zoom
0	nobelium zoom
0	Small for a palm, large for a phone
0	little for a palm, large for a phone
0	No optical zoom, No USB
0	No optical, No USB
0	Cheap qualty, Bad reception, UGLY
0	Cheap qualty, Bad wretched reception, UGLY
1	the size is perfect
1	the size perfect is
0	small buttons, shorter battery life than most, small
0	small buttons, unretentive battery life than most, small
1	nice size, nice features like calender, calculator
1	nice size, nice care features like calender, calculator
1	Great picture quality, cheap printer!
1	picture quality, cheap printer!
1	Terrific versatile camera. Dream camera for amateurs.
1	howling versatile camera. Dream camera for amateurs.
0	Packaged Software not &amp;quot;home&amp;quot; oriented, Auto cleans too often, Minor problems with some Compaq computers
0	Packaged Software not &amp;quot;home&;quot; oriented, Auto cleans too, Minor problems with some computers
0	Weak flash
0	Weak imperfect flash
0	Poor interface
0	piteous interface
1	Keypad layout, basic features
1	Keypad, basic features
1	Good speed, runs quiet
1	Good speed, quiet runs
1	Copact, price, ease of use
1	Copact, price, cost ease of use
0	lens cap, documentation
0	lens crownwork, documentation
0	Antenna is LARGE. Wired headset is connected at the bottom of the phone.
0	Antenna Wired LARGE. is headset is connected at the bottom of the phone.
0	Really short battery life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	short Really battery life&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Good print quality
1	Good print 
0	side buttons, shiny phone surface loves smears, video records nothing
0	side buttons, shiny loves smears, video records nothing
1	Easy to use.  Download to any pc without wires.  No software to install.
1	Easy to use.  Download to any without wires.  No software install.
1	Easy to use, durable, reliable.
1	Easy habit to use, durable, reliable.
1	Typical Color phone nothing fancy.
1	Typical nothing phone Color fancy.
0	No flashy features, long address book
0	No flashy features, long book address
0	Flash could have been a little more powerful, Definately need a 64MB Smart Card
0	jiffy could have been a little more powerful, Definately need a 64MB chic Card
1	good value, easy to use hardware
1	good value, easy to hardware use
0	finding space for it; found out the hard way I was out of ink
0	receive space for it; chance out the hard way I was out of ink
0	Price, Pixel Resolution
0	Pixel, Price Resolution
1	Slim. Beautiful.
1	Slim. slender Beautiful.
1	Nice phone, stereophonic rings, color screen
1	Nice phone, stereophonic tintinnabulation, color screen
1	Very cheap, small footprint
1	Very small, cheap footprint
1	Ease of use, Big LCD screen
1	Ease of use, Big LCD utilise screen
1	Technologically advanced, blue-tooth, color screen, great battery life
1	blue-tooth advanced, Technologically, color screen, great battery life
0	no flash, no zoom
0	no flash, zoom
0	It does everything for you.
0	It does come everything for you.
0	Reliability, usefulness, customer support.
0	Reliability, usefulness, client customer support.
0	indoor photos require more thought, flash is weak, CF cartridge door is flimsy
0	More indoor photos require more thought, flash is weak, CF cartridge door is flimsy
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	Lightweight, Bright LCD lighting, Games
1	Lightweight, Bright LCD, Games
1	Sleek, easy to use, MP3 capable, 1.3 megapixel camera, clear calls/sounds, long battery life.
1	Sleek, easy to use, calls capable, 1.3 camera megapixel, clear MP3/sounds, long battery life.
0	Size, weight, price, availability, reception, the hours of teasing edured from co-workers.
0	Size, from, price, availability, reception, the hours of teasing edured weight co-workers.
0	Can't  add any other lenses. But most digitals are that way.
0	Can't  but add any other lenses. But most digitals are that way.
0	Paper/Ribbon pack may be hard to find locally but better deals online
0	Paper/Ribbon pack may be severely hard to find locally but better deals online
0	Much larger than newer versions on the market.
0	larger than newer versions on the market.
0	photograph printing not great
0	photograph printing not keen
0	flash, theme options
0	flash, options
0	Sizeable, Heavy
0	Sizeable, laboured
1	easy to use, good functional docking station
1	easy to use, station functional docking good
0	Camera, takes getting used to, mediocre battery
0	Camera, takes getting used to, camera mediocre battery
0	Expense of cartridges; cannot use generic brands.
0	Expense of cartridges; cannot apply generic brands.
1	Easy to use,has expandable memory, good software
1	prosperous to use,has expandable memory, good software
0	??price??
0	??damage price??
0	Finicky Buttons, Bad Battery Life, Not all Bluetooth headsets work well, Hard to hold
0	Finicky Buttons, Bad Battery Life, Not all Bluetooth headsets work well, tough to clench
0	Price, Battery Life, Quirky charger plug, The Dreaded White Screen of Death (read further)
0	Price, Battery life, Quirky charger hack, The Dreaded White Screen of Death (read further)
0	Loud
0	gaudy
1	color screen, options, sounds, comfort, hands free set
1	color screen,, sounds, comfort, hands free set
1	Small, light weight, cool blue screen, high resolution screen, well built, and business look.
1	Small, weight, cool screen, high resolution screen, well built, and business look.
1	Size and features
1	and features
1	Great LCD, 3x zoom, comact, lightweight, and durable
1	Great whippersnapper LCD, 3x zoom, comact, lightweight, and durable
1	Great Value, space-saving, ink saving, high quality
1	Great Value, space-saving, ink groovy saving, high quality
0	none
0	none
0	none at this time
0	none at this sentence
0	hard to change cover
0	hard to deepen cover
1	Easy to use, durable
1	to use, durable
0	A little on the larger side compared with many new phones
0	A little phones the larger side compared with many new on
0	Poor Color print quality, very noisy, poor customer support
0	Poor tinge print quality, very noisy, poor customer support
1	great photos,can be found on sale
1	big photos,can be found on sale
1	compact and sturdy, nice sharp pictures
1	compact and sturdy, overnice sharp pictures
0	Short battery life, small stock memory stick.
0	Short battery life, small stock memory barrage stick.
0	no adjustments for quality
0	character no adjustments for quality
1	Extremely lightweight, attractive, and durable. Adjustable height handlebar. One-handed folding.
1	Extremely lightweight, attractive, and undestroyable. Adjustable tallness handlebar. One-handed folding.
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper feed, expensive in long run
0	slow, poor quality, poor paper fertilize, expensive in long consort
0	pointless phone wraps, horrible keypad, no clock, subpar audio quality
0	pointless phone subpar, horrible keypad, no clock, wraps audio quality
0	Internal memory is low, no camera bag, LCD
0	Internal is low, no camera bag, LCD
0	random noises
0	noises random
0	WAY too expensive
0	room too expensive
1	Easy to use, video clip feature, takes great snapshots
1	Easy to use, video clip feature, takes snapshots
0	Size, Size, Size - and the Flash
0	Size, Size, Size - and Flash the
1	Good price, good pictures.
1	price, good pictures.
1	Compact, good screen resolution
1	solution Compact, good screen resolution
1	Nationwide use.
1	Nationwide utilise.
1	Photo realistic prints, borderless printing, accepts roll paper
1	Photo realistic publish, borderless printing, accepts roll paper
1	Cheap
1	flashy Cheap
1	quiet, fast, attractive, excellent print quality
1	quiet, print, attractive, excellent fast quality
0	Software problems.  Many phones become unusable.  Freezes.  Shuts down.  Screen very bad.
0	covert Software problems.  Many phones become unusable.  Freezes.  Shuts down.  Screen very bad.
0	Terribly short battery life, no detailed owner's manual, tiny carrying pouch.
0	Terribly express short battery life, no detailed owner's manual, tiny carrying pouch.
1	great print quality
1	print great quality
1	Price, Quality of Print, Design, Ease of Use
1	Price, Quality of Print, Design, Ease of 
0	Windows XP Installation. Long Distance Number For Tech Support.
0	Windows XP Installation. Long Distance Number For Tech accompaniment.
1	Floppy drive for easier transfer between other computers.
1	Floppy other for easier transfer between drive computers.
1	great pictures, feature rich
1	great pictures, feature characterisation rich
0	You can't easily edit directly on the camera.
0	You can't well edit directly on the camera.
1	Great quality, fast color and black printing, easy to install
1	Great quality, color and black printing, easy install
0	cheap construction, bad antenna, hard to lose
0	cheap construction, bad, hard to lose
0	drains batteries, bad photo quality, software only works with Windows 98 and above
0	drains batteries, bad with quality, software only works photo Windows 98 and above
1	Handle switches front to back.
1	Handle front to back.
0	have to keep tape on the battery door,  poor design
0	have tape keep to on the battery door,  poor design
1	Small footprint, print quality
1	Small footprint, mark quality
1	By far the best features and accessories for the price
1	By far the best and features accessories for the price
1	Great  Features, Awesome Pictures, 
1	Great , Awesome Pictures, 
1	Lightweight, compact, easy to use, nice color screen
1	covenant Lightweight, compact, easy to use, nice color screen
1	Camera, video, button opens up flip, spotlight, picture ID, HUGE color screens, seems scratch-proof.
1	Camera, video, button opens up flip, spotlight, picture ID, HUGE color screens,.
1	Clear Calls, Excellent Reception, "Cool" factor, Good Battery Life
1	Battery Calls, Excellent Reception, "Cool" factor, Good Clear Life
0	Slow, basic and expensive printing
0	deadening, basic and expensive printing
1	all in one
1	whole all in one
1	Compact size, light-weight, many features, battery life, Two way text messaging.
1	covenant size, light-weight, many features, battery living, Two way text messaging.
1	Low operating costs; low equipment cost
1	Low operating cost; low equipment costs
1	Great Text &amp;amp; Graphics; Great ink usage.
1	Great Text &amp;gravid amp; Graphics; Great ink usage.
0	None -- it's better than it should be.
0	None -- better than it should be.
0	This model has a loud buzzing sound coming from the ear piece
0	This model composition has a loud buzzing sound coming from the ear piece
0	Very Pricey! smaller under seat storage
0	storage Pricey! smaller under seat Very
1	Looks, Ringtones, "pocket sized"
1	Looks, pouch Ringtones, "pocket sized"
0	ink refills cost more than Canon, but last lots longer
0	ink refills cost more than Canon, More but last lots longer
0	Blurry low-light images, weak LCD, shadowing
0	Blurry images, weak LCD, shadowing
1	Outstanding images, F-series quality
1	Outstanding images, F-series 
1	Cheap Ink, Inexpensive, Cartridge easy to replace
1	Cheap Ink,, Cartridge easy to replace
0	LCD is in a bad place, I touch it with my thumb every now and then
0	LCD is in a bad place, I touch it with spot my thumb signature every now and then
0	haven't found any
0	haven't retrieve any
1	easy to use
1	to use
0	accessories pricey
0	appurtenance pricey
0	size, ease of use, basket size, durability
0	size, employment ease of use, basket size, durability
0	USB cord not included, loud mechanism, poor web drivers. 
0	USB cord not included, loud mechanism, web drivers. 
1	Attractive, good size, easy to navigate, great volume, and more...
1	Attractive, size, to navigate, great volume, and more...
0	Lag between shots is a little slow. 
0	Lag between shots is a little betwixt slow. 
1	Size, Picture Quality, Looks and Style
1	Size, Picture timbre, Looks and Style
0	Expensive ink cartridges, Waste lots of ink clearing clogs
0	Expensive ink cartridges, ink lots of Waste clearing clogs
1	better than nothing at all
1	better nothing than at all
1	great features
1	great 
1	Awsome Photo Quality 
1	Awsome Quality 
1	Versatility, Tech support, ease of use
1	Versatility, Tech support, ease versatility of use
1	Long Battery Life, Large Display, Digital/Data Compatible
1	Long Battery Life, Digital Display, Large/Data Compatible
0	Cartridge Price; Paper Handling
0	Cartridge Price; Paper deal
1	Good price, easy to use, good B&amp;W quality, sleek design, fast B&amp;W printing
1	Good price, easy to use, good B&amp;W quality, sleek design, fast A B&amp;watt W printing
1	Very fast black &amp; white as well as color copies, very easy to use
1	Very fast black &amp; as as well white color copies, very easy to use
1	**WONDERFUL** coach and a reasonable price!!
1	**WONDERFUL** coach and a reasonable bus price!!
0	you have to buy keys along with the faceplate
0	you have to buy distinguish along with the faceplate
0	larger babies don't fit as nicely.
0	larger babies don't nicely as fit.
0	Small flash card (4MB) included, Slow serial data transfer
0	Small flash card () included, Slow serial data transfer
1	Great picture quality, good options, good battery choices, good media options.
1	Great picture quality, good options, good battery choices, good media barrage options.
1	Large Speed dial, Pay as you go plan, durable
1	Large Speed race dial, Pay as you go plan, durable
1	Great looks, large screen for size, camera, sending text and pic messages fairly easy.
1	Great looks, large screen for size, camera, sending text fairly pic messages and easy.
0	difficulty in using electronic zoom, delay in responding to trigger
0	difficulty in using electronic zoom, delay respond in responding to trigger
1	great quality printing
1	quality great printing
0	durability
0	enduringness
1	Inexpensive, good color, not too hard on the eyes
1	Inexpensive, good color, not too hard on the 
0	Horrible quality phone.
0	Horrible horrible quality phone.
1	Removable diskette and quick charge battery
1	Removable diskette and charge battery
0	Nothing really
0	Nothing genuinely really
1	Excellent reception and battery life
1	Excellent liveliness reception and battery life
1	Looks nice, works well, not too expensive
1	Looks nice, solve well, not too expensive
1	Nice Body, easy to install, clear, bright colors.
1	Nice Body, instal easy to install, clear, bright colors.
1	excellent quality, speedy prints
1	excellent quality, prints speedy
0	Needs an extended battery (see review)
0	Needs an battery (see review)
0	Battery life; 8 MB memory card.
0	Battery aliveness; 8 MB memory card.
0	Nighttime photography is weak even with the flash
0	Nighttime embody photography is weak even with the flash
1	Easy to open and collapse. Seems durable. Easy to maneuver
1	comfortable to exposed and collapse. Seems durable. Easy to maneuver
0	somewhat expensive, battery life isn't that long (talktime)
0	somewhat expensive, battery isn't life that long (talktime)
1	small size,ease of use,clear reception,color screen,
1	small size,ease of use,clear,color screen,
0	Red Eye with flash.  
0	with Eye Red flash.  
1	Small, clear sound, durable, good design
1	Small, clear readable sound, durable, good design
1	Under a hundred bucks, 1200 dpi
1	Under a 1200 bucks, hundred dpi
0	no vibrating battery, no Nokia faceplates available
0	no vibrating battery, no Nokia faceplates available
1	PRICE, sleek expensive looking design, included software, cables, memory card, and camera case, image quality.
1	PRICE, sleek expensive looking design, software, cables, memory card, camera case, quality.
0	None really
0	None rattling
0	Not Much
0	Much Not
1	Excellent reliability, a workhorse
1	Excellent reliability, dependableness a workhorse
1	Easy to use, takes great pictures, lots of options.
1	hatful Easy to use, takes great pictures, lots of options.
0	sssslllllloooooowwwwwww
0	sssslllllloooooowwwwwww
0	No AC adapter, only left/right cursor, no video out.
0	No AC adapter, transcriber only left/right cursor, no video out.
1	compact, great LCD, reasonably priced, easy to use menus
1	compact, great, reasonably priced, easy to use menus
1	Looks great, stylish.
1	Looks stylish, great.
1	great picture quality; read/write to smart media; easy; good lens cover.
1	great picture quality; write/read to smart media; easy; good lens cover.
0	This is probably best for home-use as there is nothing you can do if you fill up the quota (12-96 exposures depending on quality) of pictures...unless you buy another memory card.
0	This is probably best for home-use as there is nothing scoop you can do if you fill up the quota (12-96 exposures depending on quality) of pictures...unless reckon you buy another expert memory card.
0	No lcd backlight, low light focusing tough, 16mb flash card as standard
0	No lcd backlight, low light tough, 16mb flash as standard
0	rubber buttons sometimes stick
0	rubber buttons stick sometimes
0	Needs card adapters, printing borderless a bit confusing
0	Needs card adapters, printing bit a borderless confusing
0	No AC cord included
0	No AC include cord included
1	Cheap OK performance
1	Cheap OK functioning
0	Bluetooth headsets don't work with audio player.  No "Missed Calls" list.  Phone freezes up occasionally.
0	Bluetooth headsets don't work with no audio astir player.  No "Missed Calls" list.  Phone freezes up occasionally.
1	Exceptional print quality (both photo and text). Affordable Duplex Value.
1	Exceptional quality (both photo and text). Affordable Value.
1	Excellent signal Strength, call clarity, and voice dial capabilities
1	Excellent signal Strength, name clarity, and voice dial capabilities
1	great for travel; easy to use; uses AA batteries; great for web or 4x6 printed
1	great locomote for travel; easy to use; uses AA batteries; great for web or use 4x6 printed
0	*horrible* reception, cheap build,  did I mention horrible reception???
0	*reception horrible*, cheap build,  did I mention horrible reception???
0	Expensive
0	expensive Expensive
0	Lousy service.
0	Lousy servicing service.
1	Paper feed, text and image quality are fine, it gets things done generally
1	Paper feed, text thing and image quality are fine, it gets things done generally
1	Cheap, good prints, easy to use, can take a beating
1	Cheap, good prints, easy to use, usage can take a beating
0	This kind of performance doesn't come cheap
0	This amount kind of performance doesn't come cheap
1	thin, sexy, excellent service
1	thin,, excellent service
1	Produces quality print jobs, scan images and copies
1	Produces quality print and, scan images jobs copies
1	Cost, print quality, reliability
1	price, print quality, reliability
0	EPSON DROPS THE BALL ON MAC OSX PRINTER DRIVERS!!!
0	EPSON DROPS THE OSX ON MAC BALL PRINTER DRIVERS!!!
0	Okay reception, battery life, heats up quick
0	upward Okay reception, battery life, heats up quick
0	Green light in viewfinder, eats AA batteries
0	Green light in, eats AA batteries
0	keypad response, too small for some
0	keypad response, excessively too small for some
1	Compact self-enclosed design, long bettery life, can achieve great photo-quality. 
1	Compact self-enclosed design, long bettery, achieve great photo-quality. 
0	Maybe too tiny, Nokia accessories are expensive.
0	flyspeck Maybe too tiny, Nokia accessories are expensive.
0	Poor battery life, bad quality photos when zooming.
0	Poor battery life, high-risk quality photos when zooming.
1	Small, affordable
1	Small, minuscule affordable
1	price, ease of use, lots of useful features
1	price, ease of use, stack of useful features
0	Dimly back-lit keypad, and it is a little large for a folding phone.
0	Dimly keypad, and it is a large for a folding phone.
0	None that I have encountered
0	None that I have see
0	Transmission quality not too great
0	great quality not too Transmission
1	Price, USB, Size of Camera
1	toll, USB, Size of Camera
0	Poor zoom.  Lack of memory.
0	Poor zoom.  Lack of remembering memory.
0	Small fonts lose some quality
0	Small fonts lose caliber some quality
1	Small size, extremely sleek and cool, hi tech
1	Small size, extremely sleek and sizing cool, hi tech
0	can think of none unless you want real speed
0	can intend of none unless you want real speed
0	none
0	none
0	Chews through the batteries.  Software could be better.
0	Chews through the batteries.  Software barrage could be better.
0	long charge time, the "enter" key is hard to use.
0	long charge time, the "enter" cay is hard to manipulation.
1	easy to use, good price, great pictures
1	easy to use, good price, great 
1	Great quality,Great Price
1	Great calibre quality,Great Price
0	nothing
0	nothing
1	Easy to use, great quality
1	use to Easy, great quality
1	ease of use, great optics, 3x zoom
1	informality of use, great optics, 3x zoom
1	Hey!  The calculator works!
1	Hey!  works calculator The!
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is good, did I mention reception?
1	Reception rocks, easy interface, speakerphone, reception, clairity is reception, did I mention good?
0	old now
0	old 
0	I haven't found any yet.
0	I haven't any found yet.
0	Handling can be awkward...offset tripod mount. 
0	embody Handling can be awkward...offset tripod mount. 
0	can't say anything bad about it yet
0	can't say anything bad yet it about
1	good price, easy to use
1	good price, easy to employ use
0	You have to swap black and photo cartridges, they go in the same slot
0	You have to swap black and go cartridges, they photo in the same slot
1	prints great pictures
1	prints peachy great pictures
0	After one paper jam things got very, very bad
0	After one paper jam bad got very, very things
1	Very high quality prints or fairly quick prints at lower resolutions
1	Very high fairly prints or quality quick prints at lower resolutions
0	none, so far
0	none, far so
0	proprietary and somewhat weak battery, tripod required for non-flash pictures, no optical zoom
0	proprietary somewhat weak battery, tripod required for non-flash pictures, no optical 
1	Easy install, great color, faxes flawlessly.
1	Easy easily install, great color, faxes flawlessly.
0	no optical zoom, images blurry when taken too far away or in dim lighting
0	no optical too, images blurry when taken zoom far away or in dim lighting
1	Solid construction and great signal strength. Feels good to use.
1	Solid construction and great signal specialty. Feels thoroughly to use.
1	looks, size, camera, 65K screen, GSM America
1	looks, size, camera, 65K screen, GSM 
0	16MB memory stick that it comes with is useless - go 128MB.  Odd to handle.
0	16MB memory stick that handgrip it comes with is useless - go 128MB.  Odd to handle.
1	Small, voice activated dialing, voice memos, looks good, features, battery life
1	Small, voice activated dialing, voice memos, looks good, features, battery small life
1	External LCD, Looks great
1	External LCD, Looks enceinte great
0	Strictly JPEG file format
0	Strictly JPEG file 
0	Everything.
0	Everything.
0	Splash some water on it, it dies.
0	Splash some water on it, it.
0	Bad scans, flaky, cheap plastic box/hinges, cant clean underside glass.
0	scans, flaky, cheap plastic box/, cant clean underside glass.
0	not happy with battery use and zoom
0	not happy with battery use and 
0	None that I have found.
0	None cause that I have found.
1	Size, User Friendly
1	, User Friendly
0	problems with red-eye
0	problems red-eye
0	uses alot of juice
0	alot uses of juice
0	Software
0	package
1	EVERYTHING IS GREAT
1	dandy EVERYTHING IS GREAT
0	A bit bigger than my last inkjet, see review for dimensions
0	A bit bigger than my see inkjet, last review for dimensions
1	Low cost and light weight
1	light cost and Low weight
1	Voice Dial, speakerphone, long battery life.
1	vocalisation Voice Dial, speakerphone, long battery life.
1	Great for enlargements!
1	enlargements for Great!
1	Lightweight, good reception, lots of features
1	Lightweight, of reception, lots good features
0	Hard to see screen in sunlight
0	Hard see screen in sunlight
0	slower than multi-purpose printers, uses a lot of ink, tricky calibration
0	slower than multi-purpose printers, lot of ink, tricky calibration
1	Sleek, stylish look, good software, easy to use.
1	Sleek, look stylish, good software, easy to use.
1	Speed, Quiet, Detailed
1	, Quiet, Detailed
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
1	completely customizable, huge display for a insolent, easy usage, features galore
1	Adequate reception, good entry level phone
1	Adequate reception, good level entry phone
0	no a/c cord, bad zoom controls, LCD hard to see
0	no a/c cord, bad zoom controls, LCD knockout to visit
0	Extremely noisy, poor paper handling, uses ink quickly
0	Extremely noisy, poor paper deal, uses ink quickly
0	Short battery life
0	brusk battery life
0	Quality Problems
0	Quality choice Problems
0	can't use nikon flash, battery door a little weak.
0	can't sapless use nikon flash, battery door a little weak.
0	lcd display shows finger and nose prints
0	lcd display shows finger nose prints
1	Nice design-easy to hold
1	design-easy Nice to hold
1	A tough camera that has taken a real beating from me. 
1	A tough camera that has taken a real genuine beating from me. 
0	Eats ink quick (but unk is only $2 each), kinda loud.
0	Eats ink quick (but unk is only $2 each), apiece kinda loud.
1	Speakerphone, Clarity, Easy-to-use interface, and Features
1	Speakerphone, Clarity, interface, and Features
0	Print quality is not as good as a more expensive printer
0	Print quality is not expensive good as a more as printer
0	Price of the cartridges
0	Price of the 
1	Great Feel.  You actually forget you are using a digital camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Terrific pictures
1	Feel.  You actually forget you are using a digital camera&amp;#;&amp;#10;Terrific 
1	Good performance, excellent output, and Cheap!!
1	Good performance, and output, excellent Cheap!!
1	Excellent near-photo quality printing, dependable
1	Excellent near-photo quality printing, safe
0	Batteries fade quickly; battery cover pops open easily during use
0	pops fade quickly; battery cover Batteries open easily during use
1	price
1	price
0	expensive (printer and cartridge), cleans very often (making sounds)
0	expensive (printer and cartridge), cleans very often (making piddle sounds)
1	quality, price, size
1	quality, size, price
1	It's small, and it vibrates.  The games are updated with a bit of graphical enhancement.
1	graphic It's small, and it vibrates.  The IT games are updated with a bit of graphical enhancement.
0	some functions are not as well thought out as they should be
0	some functions are well as not thought out as they should be
0	Medium Sized
0	Medium sized
0	extensive LCD use drains batteries quickly
0	extensive quickly use drains batteries LCD
1	Easy to set up and use.  Great versatility for small price.
1	Easy to set and use.  Great versatility small price.
1	Print quality, speed
1	quality Print, speed
1	fast, price, user friendly, folds up nicely
1	fast, price, user friendly, plication up nicely
1	Extensive Control 
1	Extensive verify Control 
1	The day i gave it back to my cell phone company
1	The day i grant it cover to my cell phone company
0	No keypad cover, battery life shorter than advertised.
0	No keypad cover, battery life shorter than no advertised.
1	Many features.
1	Many sport features.
1	Great little printer for lower end print jobs
1	Great little for printer lower end print jobs
1	Great clear images, easy to use.
1	Great cleared images, easy to use.
0	Noise
0	Noise
1	LCD Display, size
1	LCD Display, 
0	How battery is charged and location of shutter and on/off buttons
0	How is and location of shutter and on/off buttons
1	Ease of use and wonderful Pictures! Great pictures and easy to learn! 
1	Ease of exercise and wonderful Pictures! Great pictures and easy to acquire! 
1	Inexpensive.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Takes excellent pictures.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Great screen for preview viewing.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB-enabled and ComactFlash.
1	Inexpensive.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Easy to usage.&amp;#13;&amp;#decade;acquire excellent icon.&amp;#13;&amp;#X;Great blind for preview viewing.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;USB-enabled and ComactFlash.
0	Doesn't work worth a damn
0	Doesn't work worth damn a
1	Light, Long Battery Life, Bells and Whistles
1	, Long Battery Life, Bells and Whistles
1	Size,ease of use,functionality
1	Size,sizing ease of use,functionality
1	Small size, calendar, long battery life, and most important, the look on your friends' faces.
1	Small size, calendar, long shelling living, and most important, the tone on your friends' faces.
0	None
0	none
0	The FA-LA-LA outside display disco light show when the phone rings for incoming calls. UGH!!!
0	for FA-LA-LA calls display disco light show when the phone rings The incoming outside. UGH!!!
0	poor image quality; poor battery life; no zoom
0	poor envision quality; poor battery life; no zoom
1	10x Optical zoom, xd memory, a lot of "ad-ons" available
1	10x Optical zoom, xd memory, a of "" available
0	Lens cap can jam lens extension when turned on
0	Lens cap can Lens jam lens extension when turned on
1	Stylish, Small, changeable cases
1	Stylish,, changeable cases
0	Slow and hungry, no USB cable included
0	tedious and hungry, no USB cable included
0	Takes forever to snap a shot
0	Takes forever a snap to shot
1	Stylish, SLIM, classy looking
1	swish Stylish, SLIM, classy looking
1	Great price, beautiful quality
1	Great quality, beautiful price
0	thirsty for ink  (not worse than other inkjets)
0	thirsty for ink  (not unsound than other inkjets)
1	Blue lights, big memory, small phone.
1	big lights, Blue memory, small phone.
1	Features, size
1	characteristic, size
1	Quality Images, Cheap storage, Sturdy Construction
1	Quality Images, structure Cheap storage, Sturdy Construction
1	Price/Quality, agfanet prints, size, software bundle, versatility
1	Price/Quality, agfanet prints, size, software bundle, parcel versatility
1	cheap, excellent photo-color, acceptable resolution, excellent software
1	cheap, excellent photo-color, excellent resolution, acceptable software
0	Could not find the ink cartridges at COSTCO.
0	Could not find the ink At cartridges at COSTCO.
1	Quick and quiet printing, colorful copies I'm proud to send my customers
1	Quick and quiet printing, colorful send I'm proud to copies my customers
0	High price
0	highschool price
1	The distinctive look
1	The distinctive classifiable look
0	Battery use, no lens cover
0	Battery use, no lens overlay
0	Weak LCD display and battery life indicator only shows on weak battery.
0	feeble LCD display and battery life indicator only show on weak battery.
1	Great looks, great speakerphone, great Direct Connect, and much more
1	Great looks, speakerphone, Direct Connect, and much more
0	Red eye reduction, daytime outside shots, blurry action photos
0	cherry-red eye reduction, daytime outside shots, blurry action photos
1	size, price, image quality, ease of use
1	size, price, ease quality, image of use
0	No optical zoom, battery life, poor picture quality, slow transfer
0	No optical zoom, battery life, poor movie quality, slow transferee
1	Inexpensive and takes low quality pictures good enough for the web and e-mail.
1	Inexpensive and takes low quality pictures good net enough for the web and e-mail.
0	Cheapest made without accessories needed to enjoy
0	Cheapest made without supplement needed to enjoy
0	A "Throw-away Printer! Noise, supply cost, EPSON Lack of 800 number
0	amp "Throw-away Printer! Noise, provide cost, EPSON Lack of 800 number
1	Selectable image aspect ratio printing, Voice Memo mode, In Camera Crop/Trim &amp; Re-Size function
1	Selectable image Trim Re-Size printing, Voice Memo mode, In Camera Crop/aspect &amp; ratio function
1	compact
1	bundle compact
0	None at this time!
0	time at this None!
0	Battery Hog
0	Hog Battery
0	none
0	none
0	Paper trays somewhat flimsy
0	Paper trays somewhat 
0	Cons ?,Cons ?, Seriously,I have only minor gripes with small C/F card supplied.
0	Cons ?,Cons ?, Seriously,I have only diminished minor gripes with small C/F card supplied.
0	No zoom, low megapixels
0	No zoom, nobelium low megapixels
1	compact and reasonable pictures
1	compact pictures reasonable and
0	As technology has improved, this is now a middle of the road camera.
0	As technology has improved, this is now a middle route of the road camera.
0	Eats ink like crazy, bad quality!
0	ink like crazy, bad quality!
1	small, lightweight, lots of features
1	, lightweight, lots of features
0	Unacceptable black text.
0	Unacceptable smutty text.
0	maybe a little confusing at first.
0	maybe a little mayhap confusing at first.
0	few color choices
0	few color alternative
0	Bulky
0	Bulky
1	reputation of company, reflective material, weight, ease of use, handles 
1	reputation of company, pensive material, weight, ease of utilise, handles 
1	Quiet, plain paper, color printer
1	Quiet, plain colouring paper, color printer
0	don't know when you will run out of ink!
0	don't when you will run out of ink!
0	Poor design
0	Poor short design
0	Pricey toy, Not meant for fast repetitive shooting, lighting stinks
0	Pricey toy, Not meant for fast repetitive shooting, lighting intend stinks
0	Not enough time to play with it.  Some fixable compatibility problems with older programs.
0	Not enough time to play with it.  older fixable compatibility problems with Some programs.
1	4 megapixels, point and shoot capacity, great images, pro/advanced features, easy to use
1	, point and shoot capacity, great images, pro/advanced features, easy to use
1	Great features / USB interface / fantastic battery life / easy
1	Great features / USB / fantastic battery life / easy
1	Enormous zoom range, ultra-compact, dazzling images, easy interface
1	Enormous zoom range, ultra-compact, dazzling surge images, easy interface
0	No video out, smallish vid screen
0	No video out, smallish vid riddle
1	None
1	None
0	maybe a little thick, but still a trim package
0	maybe a little thick, but still a dress package
0	does not come with an AC adapter..must be purchased separately,and not easy to find, best bet is to order direct from Epson
0	does not come with an AC adapter..direct be purchased separately,and not easy to find, best from is to order must bet Epson
0	Screen brightness, no 3G compatibility, no downloadable ring tones, ringer too quiet, battery life weak
0	Screen brightness, no compatibility, no downloadable ring tones, ringer too quiet, life 
1	Works nicely
1	cultivate nicely
1	Excellent, vivid, sharp photos
1	Excellent, vivid, photos sharp
1	Inexpensive price and ink tanks
1	Inexpensive price and cooler ink tanks
0	A little weak in fully auto mode, RAW mode difficult to use
0	A little light in fully auto mode, RAW mode difficult to purpose
1	Compact size, feature packed, easy to use, great battery & of course, the blue backlight
1	Compact size, feature packed, easy battery use, great to & of course, the blue backlight
1	Ease of use, Sturdy Design
1	of Ease use, Sturdy Design
0	High Resolution so must by biggest and most expensive disk to hold pictures.
0	High Resolution so must by biggest near and most expensive disk to hold pictures.
0	SIM warm up is slow
0	SIM warm wearisome up is slow
1	Easy to use, great photo quality, easy to transfer
1	Easy to use, slap-up photo quality, easy to transfer
1	Multiple Ink Tanks., Low Price., Boarderless Printing.
1	Multiple Ink Tanks., Low., Boarderless Printing.
0	Paper feeds three or four sheets at a time. A cartridge a month, no joke.
0	time feeds three or four sheets no a Paper. A cartridge a month, at joke.
0	firmware bugs, clarity of sound, lack of standard rings
0	lack bugs, clarity of sound, firmware of standard rings
0	No Viewer, LCD Only
0	LCD Viewer, No Only
0	size
0	sizing
1	Price, options offered
1	Price, alternative options offered
0	Loud and long time to shut off and on. 
0	Loud and shut time to long off and on. 
1	Light, compact, stylish, easy to navigate and full of features
1	Light, navigate, stylish, easy to compact and full of features
1	Great Photo Quality, Print photos without a computer!
1	Quality Photo Great, Print photos without a computer!
1	looks cool
1	looks feeling cool
0	shockingly expensive unrefillable ink cartridges.
0	shockingly unrefillable ink cartridges.
0	none that I have seen
0	none that I have picture
0	Camera is a bit bulky
0	Camera is a number bulky
1	Quality pictures, picture enhancing features, 5 autofocus regions, Scenes mode, small and light-weight.
1	prime pictures, picture enhancing features, 5 autofocus regions, scenery mode, small and light-weight.
1	Good pictures. Nice feel and design.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Good pictures. feel and design.&amp;#13;&amp;#;
0	small basket
0	basket
0	- Proprietary data cable
0	- proprietorship data cable
1	Excellent resolution, Lots of great functions, Easy to use, Takes 30 second movie clips
1	Excellent resolution, Lots of great functions, Easy to habituate, claim 30 second movie clips
1	Print Quality and Conservation of Ink
1	Print Conservation and Quality of Ink
1	Great photo quality prints
1	quality photo Great prints
1	Exceptional clarity, great features, lightweight, changeable faceplates
1	Exceptional clarity, great features, lightweight, faceplates
0	Learning how to use it
0	how to use it
0	Ringer, message alerts, interface, text entry need refinement.  Expensive accessories.
0	Ringer, message Expensive, interface, text entry need refinement.  alerts accessories.
0	Pictures resemble the artwork of fetus holding a dry paintbrush
0	Pictures resemble the artwork of fetus prevail a teetotal paintbrush
0	a little heavy to clip on that hot little Friday night outfit!
0	live a little heavy to clip on that hot little Friday night outfit!
1	Great specs, great value, CompactFlash, USB, extras, software, support
1	Great specs, great value,, USB, extras, software, support
0	none
0	none
1	Sturdy, roomy, easy to use.
1	hardy, roomy, easy to use.
0	Little bulky, not much memory.
0	bulky, not much memory.
0	Weak flash
0	Weak meretricious flash
0	Not convenient or well-designed enough for it's expensive pricetag
0	Not convenient or well-designed decent for it's expensive pricetag
1	Lightweight, durable, comfortable, unfolds quickly
1	open Lightweight, durable, comfortable, unfolds quickly
0	Long shot delay, slow shutter ineffective
0	Long shot, slow shutter ineffective
1	Incredible pictures, great size, awesome features
1	features pictures, great size, awesome Incredible
1	Attractive, Good reception, decent battery life
1	Attractive, Good reception, full decent battery life
0	Gobbles up batteries like nothing you ever saw, but what digital doesn't?
0	Gobbles up batteries always like nothing you ever saw, but what digital doesn't?
1	Metallic blue color is appealing.
1	Metallic blue is color appealing.
1	Easy to use, Un-cluttered by "extras", Good value.
1	Easy to employ, Un-cluttered by "extras", Good value.
1	Lightweight and small
1	and small
1	Lightweight, easy to set up and fold down.
1	Lightweight, soft to set up and fold down.
0	cartridges are still expensive (shop around)
0	cartridges are still expensive (shop)
0	Very slow processor, awkward to hold, poor quality overall
0	Very unenviable slow processor, awkward to hold, poor quality overall
0	No camera, non-flip, price?
0	No camera, non-flip, damage?
1	easy menu options, hard to break, and good text-messaging unit
1	easy menu options, hard to, and good unit
1	Simple, Small, Battery life long, Text Messaging, Event Planner
1	Simple, Small, Battery life long, Text Messaging, Event deviser
1	Easy to use floppy disk storage, user friendly.
1	Easy to use floppy friendly storage, user disk.
1	Size, Ease of use, Style, Sleekness, Color
1	Size, Ease of use, Sleekness, Style, Color
1	having a car seat and stroller in 1 purchase
1	having a car butt and stroller in 1 purchase
1	Caller ID, Voice Activated, Number Saving, Price
1	Caller ID, Voice, Number Saving, Price
1	Good reception, bluetooth.
1	reception Good, bluetooth.
0	Incredibly expensive.
0	unbelievably Incredibly expensive.
1	Looks cool-
1	looking cool-
0	Not the fastest printer
0	Not the dissipated printer
1	GREAT ALL_IN_ONE! FAST, SIMPLE, AFFORDABLE! VERY COMPACT!
1	GREAT ALL_IN_ONE! bundle FAST, SIMPLE, AFFORDABLE! VERY COMPACT!
0	N/A
0	nitrogen/A
1	Interesting Keypad Layout; Lots of Features; Takes Digital Photos
1	Interesting Keypad Layout; Lots of layout Features; Takes Digital Photos
1	Great pictures
1	pictures Great
1	BEST PRINTER FOR THE PRICE
1	expert PRINTER FOR THE PRICE
1	Quality and quiet
1	restrained Quality and quiet
1	A great machine to have and does a great job for a low price.  
1	A for machine to have and does a great job great a low price.  
0	Stingy compact flash, lack of ac adapter
0	lack compact flash, Stingy of ac adapter
1	Cheap operating costs, excellent standby mode, good print quality. 
1	Cheap operating costs, tinny excellent standby mode, good print quality. 
0	Noisy
0	noisy Noisy
1	Excellent call quality, bluetooth, clamshell form factor, sexy face plate.
1	Excellent call face, bluetooth, clamshell form factor, sexy quality plate.
0	control is a bit awkward, battery life not very long
0	control is a fleck awkward, battery life not very farsighted
0	Poor battery life, slow response, complex menus
0	Poor battery piteous life, slow response, complex menus
0	very slow
0	identical very slow
0	Battery Life, Price of headsets and other bluetooth equipment. 5mb of memory.
0	Battery Life, Price of headsets other and bluetooth equipment. 5mb of memory.
1	using floppy disk, long life battery really is long life, simple to use
1	using floppy disk, long life battery really is retentive long life, simple to use
1	Easy to use, multi functional
1	Easy to use, multi working
0	The worst of all digital cameras in 3.3 Megapixel
0	The tough of all digital camera in 3.3 Megapixel
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
0	Flimsy appearance, openhanded phone than most, some features useless
1	great price, best quality 
1	great price, quality 
0	None
0	none
0	needs new ink carts every so often as do all printers
0	involve new ink carts every so often as do all pressman
1	Attractive, Bluetooth, Camera, Web-enabled, MP3 Ringtones
1	Attractive, Bluetooth, Camera, Web-enabled, camera MP3 Ringtones
1	easy to use
1	easy to easily use
0	price could be lower
0	price could lower be
1	Long battery life, good size phone, great reception
1	Long battery good, life size phone, great reception
0	No WAP, high price.
0	No high, WAP price.
1	fast, quiet, dependable, quality printing
1	fast,, dependable, quality printing
0	It does what it's advertised to do and does it well--no cons here.
0	does what it's advertised to and does it well--no cons here.
1	It is lightweight and easy to use.
1	It is and easy to use.
0	could have more mega pixles
0	could have more mega pixles
1	Large screen, clear reception
1	Large reception, clear screen
1	Quick access to pix, easy to use
1	easy access to pix, Quick to use
0	It is a battery eating machine!
0	It is a battery consume machine!
0	It could be faster, resolution on scan images could be better.Big Unit
0	It could be, resolution on images could be better.Big Unit
0	battery life, scratches easily
0	battery life, scratches engrave easily
1	holds both color and black cartridge, price, envelope feeder
1	oblige both color and black cartridge, price, envelope feeder
1	Lightweight, great screen resolutoin, logical menu and navigation.
1	Lightweight, fare great screen resolutoin, logical menu and navigation.
0	A bit thick.  A bit awkward as a phone without headset.  A bit pricey.
0	A bit thick.  A bit awkward as a phone without headset.  pricey.
1	User Interface, Hands Free, Feature Packed
1	User Interface, spare Hands Free, Feature Packed
1	Good talktime, Lotta features.
1	Good talktime, features.
0	S-L-O-W.  Poor paper feeder
0	S-L-O-W.  Poor paper confluent
0	every thing that deals with this phone
0	every thing that with this phone
1	everything
1	everything
0	Becomes too hot to rest comfortably against ear, awkward to hold.
0	Becomes hot to rest comfortably against, awkward to hold.
1	Priced right   good service   nice print
1	Priced right   good service   prissy print
0	Only 2MBs but that works for me might not for you.
0	Only 2MBs but for works for me might not that you.
1	InfoLithium Batteries, Memory Stick Pro, Carl Zess Lens, 5.24 MP
1	InfoLithium Batteries, Memory Lens Pro, Carl Zess Stick, 5.24 MP
1	simple to use. no expensive memory stick or flash card, uses 3.5" floppy
1	simple to utilization. no expensive memory stick or flash card, uses 3.five" floppy
1	Convenience, Easy turning
1	appliance, Easy turning
1	Affordable and durable.
1	Affordable and perdurable.
0	Have to reset the date every time batteries come out.
0	Have to bombardment reset the date every time batteries come out.
1	Great little camera with a good user interface.
1	majuscule little camera with a good user interface.
0	No re-chargable batteries or charger supplied in Australia., Only a 16mb card supplied 
0	No re-chargable batteries or charger supplied in Australia., Only a supplied card 16mb 
1	Looks pretty good...
1	Looks pretty...
1	Compact, easy of use, sharp looks, durable
1	Compact, easy of, sharp looks, durable
1	Compact, Vibrate Mode, Excellent Voice Quality, Low Price
1	Compact, Vibrate Mode, Excellent Voice prize, Low Price
0	Playing MP3s drain battery quickly.
0	drain MP3s Playing battery quickly.
1	Cheap, Light
1	, Light
1	Photo quality, color, easy-to-use, features... and so on.
1	Photo quality, color, easy-to-use, pic features... and so on.
0	Bad driver for USB, expensive toner.
0	Bad driver for toner, expensive USB.
1	comparable to higher priced models
1	comparable to higher priced price models
1	Very light
1	Very swooning
0	Reception indicator seems flakey, bad contact list setup.
0	Reception setup seems flakey, bad contact list indicator.
1	Size, Bright Light, Add Ons
1	Bright, Size Light, Add Ons
0	See Opinion
0	catch Opinion
1	good software, lots of accessories
1	good software, lots accessories
1	small, stylish, easy to use. Camera. Assignable ring tones
1	small, stylish, easy to use. Camera. Assignable tones
0	battery life, can only store 20 pics, not the best looking phone out there
0	battery life, can only store 20 pics, looking the best not phone out there
0	Wish it was a little smaller
0	Wish it was smaller little a
1	Inexpensive and light weight.
1	Inexpensive and weight.
1	Everything!
1	Everything!
0	none so far
0	none so FAR
0	Poor reception, bad screen, horrible battery life.
0	Poor reception, screen, horrible battery life.
1	Looks like a camera!  Easy to use, excellent results!  Nice smooth zoom.
1	zoom like a camera!  Easy to use, excellent results!  Nice smooth Looks.
1	Great reception; lightweight; durable; small; AIM/AOL support; excellent ear piece.
1	Great reception; lightweight; durable; small; AIM/swell AOL support; excellent ear piece.
1	Standby/Talk time,256 color, interchangeable face plates,size, musical tone,camera,SIM card.
1	Standby/size time,256 color, interchangeable face plates,Talk, musical tone,camera,SIM card.
1	Absolutely no redeeming qualities about this camera.
1	Absolutely no redeeming quality about this camera.
1	Good features - nice design - sharp images
1	Good images - nice design - sharp features
0	Maybe I got a lemon, but the paper handling is terrible!
0	Maybe I got a lemon, the paper handling terrible!
1	Fast, Quality Printing, USB and Printer Port
1	dissipated, Quality Printing, USB and Printer Port
1	Clear and Simple
1	Clear and unproblematic
1	Fantastic pictures, saves money over the long run, instant gratification
1	pictures, saves money the long run, instant gratification
0	large, heavy, no color screen
0	large, color, no heavy screen
0	Numerous communication errors, and when scanning it never scans straight even.
0	Numerous communication, and when scanning it scans straight even.
1	High Quality Cheap Price
1	Quality Cheap Price
1	Great Price for Canon quality. Powerful management software.
1	Great Price for Canon quality. Powerful canon management software.
1	Low cost, Durable, email and downloadable ring tones.
1	Low cost, Durable, email and downloadable ring.
1	GREAT PRINT QUALITY
1	GREAT PRINT 
1	Clear display; large display
1	Clear; large display
0	Not as compact as some.
0	Not as roughly compact as some.
1	inexpensive, easy to use
1	inexpensive, easy use to
0	weight
0	weightiness
1	good for rough drafts only
1	drafts for rough good only
1	Great Quality, Sturdy Design
1	Great Sturdy, Quality Design
0	expensive ink and paper
0	expensive ink and newspaper paper
0	High Price, Download software a little awkward
0	High cumbersome Price, Download software a little awkward
1	Relatively easy to get working, USB connection handy.
1	Relatively easy to get working, USB joining handy.
0	Hard to install for Windows 98 
0	voiceless to install for Windows 98 
1	Small, cheap - actually it's free with some providers.
1	Small, sleazy - actually it's free with some providers.
1	small camera with excellent picture
1	small with excellent picture
0	I am now waiting for my fifth replacement.
0	I am now waiting my fifth replacement.
0	Menus not as good as Nokia
0	Menus not as commodity as Nokia
0	Short battery life.
0	forgetful battery life.
0	Somewhat bulky, service can be expensive
0	Somewhat keister bulky, service can be expensive
0	not too many!
0	not too many!
1	Very easy to operate, lightweight, superb image quality...
1	Very easy to operate, lightweight, superb image caliber...
1	Compact unit with lots of features, and good for my work and home use. 
1	Compact unit with gobs of features, and good for my exploit and home use. 
0	No Auto-Redial yet.
0	No Auto-Redial no yet.
0	Doesn't Alway Work Correctly, Bad Ring Tone Selection and Cannot Download New Ones.
0	Doesn't Alway Correctly, Ring Tone Selection and Cannot Download New Ones.
0	drains batteries quickly
0	drains quick batteries quickly
1	Fast, great colors and resolution.
1	flying, great colors and resolution.
0	Poor design, and poor connectivity through the USB.
0	Poor design, and misfortunate connectivity through the USB.
0	Interface lacks polish, behind on features, high price, Razr is more desirable
0	personify Interface lacks polish, behind on features, high price, Razr is more desirable
0	Doesn't have interchangeable lenses
0	Doesn't interchangeable lenses
0	None for the "average" user
0	None for exploiter the "average" user
1	Very Inexpensive,  Good quality, Quick Printing
1	Inexpensive,  Good quality, Quick Printing
1	Runs smoothly, rugged.
1	rugged smoothly, Runs.
1	None.
1	None.
1	Great Price, Can double of Scanner,good resolution, good software package
1	good Price, Can double of Scanner,good resolution, Great software package
1	easy to use,LCD,Good quality,Price,stylish
1	well-off to use,LCD,Good quality,Price,stylish
1	Loud ring
1	Loud pack
0	can be more durable, speakerphone could be slightly improved
0	can be more durable, speakerphone could slightly improved
1	True 4-color printing, good performance on plain paper
1	True 4-color printing, skilful performance on plain paper
0	Noisy photo feed! Limited Software for Mac OS9 and OSX!
0	Noisy noisy photo feed! Limited Software for Mac OS9 and OSX!
0	low memory, no dedicated control panel LCD, LCD unprotected, normal batteries dont work (needs lithium ion)
0	low memory, no dedicated control panel gore LCD, LCD unprotected, normal batteries dont work (needs convention lithium ion)
1	Price......
1	damage Price......
1	great clearity, decent price
1	heavy clearity, decent price
1	Good price, easy to use for beginners
1	Good, easy to use for beginners
0	WASTES TOO MUCH INK, and the ink cartridges are too expensive!
0	WASTES TOO MUCH INK, and the ink cartridges expensive too are!
0	VERY Poor Signal Strength, Cost
0	VERY Signal Strength, Cost
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, reliable.
1	Inexpensive, easy apply to use, reliable.
0	could be smaller, hi-tech for 2001, few bells & whistles
0	could be smaller, hi-tech for 2001, few buzzer bells & whistles
1	Cost, size, easy to use, uses the lower cost IBM Microdrive
1	Cost, size, easy to use, be uses the lower cost IBM Microdrive
1	light weight, easy to use
1	light weight, easygoing to use
0	Does &lt;b&gt;NOT&lt;/b&gt; fully recline.
0	Does &lt;b&gt;NOT&lt;/fully&gt; b recline.
0	Low resolution text, pale color, slow
0	Low resolution text, pale, slow
1	A lot of features for the price.
1	the lot of features for A price.
0	Lack of features, Short Battery life, not user friendly
0	Lack of features, Short Battery life, not barrage user friendly
0	PRODUCT IS DEFECTIVE-FLASH FAILS.  Eats batteries 
0	PRODUCT IS DEFECTIVE-FLASH bomb FAILS.  Eats batteries 
1	Nice Photo Quality, Fast B&amp;W CHEAP
1	Nice Photo Quality, B&amp;W CHEAP
0	grainy pictures , frustrating .....
0	granulose grainy pictures , frustrating .....
0	Fuzzy text on plain paper, Large, tough to find Canon Photo Paper Pro, Pricey
0	Fuzzy text on plain paper, Large, hard to chance Canon Photo Paper Pro, Pricey
0	Major software problems, retrieving stored numbers, clarity,
0	Major software problems, retrieving stored come, clarity,
0	can't think of any except eats batteries but I think all digital cameras do that. 
0	can't think of any except eats camera batteries but I think exercise all digital cameras do that. 
0	wimpy flash; slow, dark lens
0	wimpy flash; flaunt slow, dark lens
0	Reliability Issues
0	Reliability 
0	miss not having a lcd viewfinder
0	miss not having LCD a lcd viewfinder
1	I would say the biggest benefit is a business look with a youthful appeal.
1	I would say the biggest benefit is a prayer business look with a youthful appeal.
1	Attractive design, satisfying features, the backlight!
1	Attractive design, satisfying backlight, the features!
0	fragile lens
0	fragile 
0	horible picutre quality
0	horible quality
0	4 way navig. buttons hard to use, macro capability not what I expected
0	four way navig. buttons hard to utilization, macro capability not what I expected
0	Unreliable, buttons hard to feel
0	Unreliable, buttons toilsome to feel
0	Costly
0	costly
1	Great price for a flatbed laser
1	Great for price a flatbed laser
1	Quality pictures, LCD Display with easy-to-use menu
1	Quality pictures, LCD with easy-to-use menu
1	Looks cool, reasonable price.
1	tone cool, reasonable price.
0	Stalls computer.  Expensive.
0	dilly-dally computer.  Expensive.
1	Quality of pictures,battery,price
1	of Quality pictures,battery,price
1	Beautiful print quality, inexpensive printer
1	print quality, inexpensive printer
1	Takes great pictures, makes short movies, very easy to use! 
1	Takes great pictures, short movies, very easy to! 
0	Locking/Unlocking the phone is a pain, screen is hard to read, poor reception
0	Locking/Unlocking the phone is a pain, blind is gruelling to read, poor reception
0	No Flash, Focusing could be better.
0	No Flash, could be better.
1	Very lightweight, easy-to-see-in-the-dark blue backlight, features pretty decent, easy 'pocket' phone
1	Very lightweight, easy-to-see-in-the-dark puritanical backlight, features pretty decently, easy 'pocket' phone
0	too much money
0	too much practically money
0	Rechargeable batteries a must. Needs additional memory card
0	Rechargeable batteries a must. Needs tease additional memory card
0	User-friendliness, keypad display, keypad heat, fewer extra features.
0	User-friendliness, keypad display, keypad fewer, heat extra features.
0	battery doesn't last long at all
0	battery doesn't last all at long
1	none
1	none
0	No custom ringtones, average reception
0	No custom ringtones, ordinary reception
0	bigger than most, heavy.... thats about it
0	bigger than around most, heavy.... thats about it
0	printer is on the larger size, paper feed is loud and startling
0	printer is on the size, paper feed is loud and 
1	simplicity
1	simplicity
0	Battery life; auto powers off if no signal;not very full featured
0	Battery life; auto powers off if no signal;not featured full very
1	Excellent display(s).
1	Excellent southward display(s).
1	Lots of good features and runs of cheap, simple AA batteries.
1	Lots of good features and runs of cheap, AA.
0	tiny fonts, high learning curve, drops address book entries, not durable, screen invisible outdoors
0	tiny fonts, high con curve, drops address book introduction, not durable, screen invisible outdoors
0	Display occasionally distorts or disappears.
0	Display occasionally distorts or.
1	Easy to lear, good resolution, inexpensive
1	slowly to lear, good resolution, inexpensive
1	reliable and rugged
1	reliable honest and rugged
0	Poor speaker quality, poor signal strength, ringtones too cutesy, forget about the vibrate feature.
0	poor speaker quality, poor signal strength, ringtones too cutesy, forget about the vibrate lineament.
1	3.5 floppy, easy to use
1	tierce.5 floppy, easy to use
1	Prints great quality papers
1	Prints great quality corking papers
0	No zoom, need to buy larger memory stick
0	postulate No zoom, need to buy larger memory stick
1	Great color
1	heavy color
0	oddly sensative controls.
0	oddly sensative peculiarly controls.
0	could use better zoom
0	could use ripe zoom
1	3.2 Megapixels, ultra compact, Improved Control Layout, tough metal body, 
1	3.2 Megapixels, ultra compact, Improved Control metal, tough Layout body, 
1	Small, Lightweight, Dual-band, Easy read Menu, Voice activated dailing, Vibrating call alert
1	Small, Lightweight, Dual-band, Easy read modest Menu, Voice activated dailing, Vibrating call alert
0	Difficult to manuever&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Can be Bulky
0	Difficult to manuever&amp;#13;&AMP;#10;stern be Bulky
0	MOST OF THE TIME, IT DOESN'T WORK!
0	MOST play OF THE TIME, IT DOESN'T WORK!
1	Reliable, Clear, Easy to use
1	Reliable, Clear, use to Easy
1	Print and scan quality; integration
1	rake Print and scan quality; integration
0	Minor niggles in some functionality, lack of integration of some features.
0	minor niggles in some functionality, lack of integration of some characteristic.
0	Somewhat complicated to set up, but not bad.
0	Somewhat complicated to congeal up, but not bad.
0	Availability of accessories is limited, no resetable minute counter
0	Availability of accessories is limited, no resetable minute 
0	Limited battery life.
0	Limited battery life-time.
1	Clear Digital Photos
1	Clear Digital photo
0	Would really benefit from a zoom lens
0	Would really zoom from a benefit lens
1	Light, long talk time, easy to read display
1	Light, long tenacious talk time, easy to read display
0	Additional phone time can be expensive if you do not shop around.
0	Additional phone time can be if you not shop around.
0	Not compatible with Windows ME
0	Not compatible Windows ME
1	Very light, shoulder strap for carrying, the bar detaches for toddlers, easy to fold/unfold
1	Very unclouded, shoulder strap for carrying, the taproom detaches for toddlers, slowly to fold/unfold
1	Two way radio, Many features
1	wireless Two way radio, Many features
0	Vulnerable LCD 
0	Vulnerable vulnerable LCD 
1	Good Sound Quality and Rare dropped Calls,Fairly Simple to Program
1	Good Sound Quality and Rare dropped Calls,Fairly to 
0	i found the price to be a little high 
0	found the price to be a little high 
0	too new to find one
0	too new find one
1	Inexpensive, relatively easy to use.
1	Inexpensive, relatively easy to expend.
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead to very embarassing moments, no sent to VM.
0	Finicky dialing (voice/redial/bluetooth) that could lead VM very embarassing moments, no sent to to.
0	Requires excessive button pushing for simple tasks like text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
0	Requires excessive button pushing for bare labor corresponding text messaging.  Garbled sound quality with fasttalkers.
0	shutter buttons drop out
0	shutter buttons out
0	It just plan stinks
0	stink It just plan stinks
1	Impressive list of features, Price, Simplicity
1	Impressive list of features, terms, Simplicity
0	No wireless web/WAP
0	No tuner wireless web/WAP
1	Easy, Fun, Great Pics
1	film Easy, Fun, Great Pics
0	didn't keep it long enough to find out
0	didn't keep adequate it long enough to find out
1	Well constructed. Very small and lightweight. Very crisp LCD display. 
1	Well constructed. Very small-scale and lightweight. Very nipping LCD display. 
1	Cool design, lightweight, lots of features
1	Cool design, lightweight, gobs of features
1	Very cheap!
1	Very identical cheap!
0	See review body for all cons
0	See review body for all reexamine cons
0	slow, response time is slow
0	slow, response is slow
1	Great battery life, nice look, durable, and nice looking color LCD.
1	Great battery, nice look, durable, and nice color LCD.
0	Freezes computer during several times during USB transfer, grainy indoor pics, uses battery up quick
0	Freezes computer during several USB transfer, grainy indoor pics, uses up quick
0	Batteries drain too quickly, Included Software Sucks
0	Batteries too quickly, Included Software Sucks
0	Weak flash, may be difficult to use for large hands
0	Weak flash, may difficult to for large hands
0	Propietary batteries, poor battery life.
0	Propietary batteries, poor shelling battery life.
0	Special battery
0	particular Special battery
0	Poor reception due to internal antenna
0	Poor inner reception due to internal antenna
1	Ultra-compact size,, 3x zoom,, Nice solid design,, 2" screen
1	Ultra-compact screen,, 3x zoom,, Nice solid design,, 2" size
1	Well built reasonably priced dual mode phone. Has lasted me nearly two years.
1	phone built reasonably priced dual mode Well. Has lasted me nearly two years.
0	wimpy zoom
0	zoom
0	Less features than competition, Up-close image quality concerns, Different aspect ratios in support resolutions 
0	Less features than concerns, Up-close image quality competition, Different aspect ratios in support resolutions 
0	Consumes allot of ink. Not good for office use.
0	Consumes allot of ink. Not good for skilful office use.
0	Sucks ink and Xerox service is poor.
0	Sucks and ink Xerox service is poor.
0	No optical zoom, low digital zoom, lens cap may not want to stay on.
0	No optical zoom, low no digital zoom, lens cap may not want to stay on.
0	Battery Life, Keypad
0	Battery Life, 
0	absolutely nothing at all!
0	absolutely at nothing all!
0	low light pics need manual setting, 
0	low light pics necessitate manual setting, 
0	Released too soon, still has way too many bugs.
0	loose too soon, still has way too many bugs.
0	very bad flash quality for night time picture.  Color is all off with flash.
0	very bad all quality for night time picture.  Color is flash off with flash.
0	None
0	none None
1	Big Screen, Good Camera, Symbian Operating System, Cheap,
1	Big Screen, Good Camera, Symbian Operating, Cheap,
0	does not hold a lot of paper
0	does not detention a lot of paper
0	No easy access to basket when kid is seated, doesn't close one-handed.
0	No easy access to when is seated, doesn't close one-handed.
1	quick, quiet and cute
1	fast, quiet and cute
1	Easy to take great pictures right out of the box, and more to learn later
1	boxful Easy to take great pictures right out of the box, and slow more to learn later
0	Heavy on right side because of the batteries, have to look for off/on button
0	Heavy on right side the of on batteries, have to look for off/because button
1	Lightness, thinness, good reception
1	Lightness, thinness, adept reception
0	Not a long battery life.
0	Not biography a long battery life.
1	Excellent--Good buy , Looked a long time for a quality camera and found one., 
1	Excellent--Good buy , a long time for a camera and found one., 
0	Heavier in weight and may not fold as flat as some strollers.
0	Heavier in weight and may not flat as some strollers.
0	Mobile doesn't work then all the cons
0	Mobile doesn't all then work the cons
0	Eats batteries.
0	barrage Eats batteries.
0	No good for 8x10 prints, no USB connection,  
0	No for 8x10 prints, no USB connection,  
0	longer telephoto would be nice
0	longer telephoto would follow be nice
1	Economical, Does the Job
1	Economical, Does job the Job
1	Better than the V710 but still not perfrect.
1	Better than the V710 but notwithstanding not perfrect.
1	Small, Lighweight, Generally good photo's, decent zoom
1	Small, humble Lighweight, Generally good photo's, decent zoom
0	none....i guess the price
0	i....none guess the price
1	All, the zoom, easy to use, and the resolution.
1	All, the zoom, to use, and the resolution.
0	Slow "boot-up", too much time between pressing shutter button and picture being taken.
0	Slow "boot-up", too much time between pressing shutter button and show being direct.
1	There are so many things to say, you will have to read the review!
1	There are so many to things say, you will have to read the review!
1	Set's up easily, Looks OK - that's it.
1	Set's up easily, Looks fine - that's it.
1	Print Speed, Software, Print Quality,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price, Individual Ink Tanks. 
1	Print Speed, Software, Print Quality,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Price, X Individual Ink Tanks. 
0	Could be a little more "attractive," not a must though.
0	Could be a a more "attractive," not little must though.
0	If keypad lock is on and you bump the slide open a little, it unlocks.
0	If keypad lock is on and you blow the skid assailable a little, it unlocks.
0	no optical lens
0	no optical Lens
1	good quality pictures, easy to use
1	good quality pictures, to use
0	Slow shutter reaction.  Serial port image transfer. No shutter speed control.
0	Slow shutter reaction.  nonparallel Serial port image transfer. No shutter speed control.
0	Jammed trying to print on fabric..
0	to trying Jammed print on fabric..
1	dont like it 
1	like it 
1	small, can be used as still, movie or web camera, low price
1	small, can be used as still, movie or web camera, lowly low price
0	Printing picture quality not so great
0	Printing picture quality not so gravid great
0	it prints pretty slowly
0	prints pretty slowly
0	I have not found any yet
0	I have not found yet
1	small, good quality color &amp;amp;b&amp;amp;w prints
1	small, quality color &amp;amp;b&;amp;w prints
0	Needs ink jet paper for good text quality
0	Needs ink jet paper for estimable text quality
1	Fun design, great features
1	Fun design, playfulness great features
0	Wish it had a one hand release fold, does not fold to compact size
0	Wish it had a not hand release fold, does one fold to compact size
0	large size
0	declamatory size
1	Speaker phone, Two way radio, Battery Life
1	Speaker phone, Two way radio, Life Battery
0	The infamous smudge-prone case.
0	The infamous smudge-prone notorious case.
1	Cheap, Easy to use, CF Memory Slot, excellent quality on daylight
1	Cheap, Easy quality use, CF Memory Slot, excellent to on daylight
0	Battery_life_when_using_camera,external_screen_doesnt_relly do_anything,_flip_moves_side_to_side_a_little bit.
0	Battery_life_when_using_camera,external_screen_doesnt_relly do_anything,_flip_moves_side_to_side_a_little.
0	Limited zoom range, limited to 400ISO, not constant aperture zoom.
0	specify zoom drift, limited to 400ISO, not constant aperture zoom.
0	Not many: Flimsy plastic, goofy network install, critical alignment tough
0	Not many: Flimsy plastic, goofy install, alignment tough
1	It is user friendly, nice colors
1	distort It is user friendly, nice colors
1	Perfect photo-quality output as good as a photo lab.  Very low initial cost.
1	Perfect photo-quality low as good as a photo lab.  Very output initial cost.
0	Talk time, display
0	presentation Talk time, display
1	Nice Pictures, Picture Modes, Self Timer, Great Battery Life
1	Nice Pictures, Picture Modes, Self Timer, Battery Life
0	none that i noticed
0	none that i detect
1	great, 3.34 megapixels, great resolotioun
1	great, 3.34 great, megapixels resolotioun
0	badly manufactured (feels fragile), menus/software unorganized, low battery life
0	badly manufactured (feels fragile), menus/software, low life
0	Slightly bigger than most digitals, computer transfer may be a problem for some.
0	Slightly bigger most digitals, computer transfer be a problem for some.
1	compact, great picture quality 1600x1200
1	compact, great picture quality timbre 1600x1200
1	Cool features.
1	Cool.
1	Ink cost, 2X printing.
1	Ink cost, 2X publish.
1	works with the touch of a button
1	works with the touch of a 
0	no WAP
0	nobelium no WAP
1	Cheap printer
1	printer
1	Decent call quality, can play music, slim profile phone.
1	Decent call quality, can play music, profile phone.
1	beats scanning images with a scanner
1	metre scanning images with a scanner
0	none for the price
0	none for the terms
1	Sound quality; Long battery life
1	Sound; Long battery life
1	Easy to use, good sound quality, long battery life, attractive and lightweight phone
1	Easy use, good sound quality, long battery life, and lightweight phone
0	horrible speaker phone quality.
0	quality speaker phone horrible.
1	THE Honda civic of cell phones!
1	cubicle THE Honda civic of cell phones!
0	Poor battery life, confusing usability
0	Poor battery sprightliness, confusing usability
0	Problems are soon to come.
0	Problems are soon to seed come.
1	Slim design & strong vibrate feature
1	Slim design & strong vibrate 
0	slow response in menus, keypad, low speaker and ring sounds, internal battery, etc.
0	slow response in menus, keypad, miserable speaker and peal sounds, internal battery, etc.
0	Poor white balance. LCD blanks out with manual settings. 
0	Poor white residual. LCD blanks out with manual settings. 
0	Size, Connection reliability with XP, Ink Usage and Cost
0	Size, connection reliability with XP, Ink Usage and Cost
1	Value, functional, excellent color quality.
1	Value, functional, excellent color prize.
0	None!
0	none!
0	Weak Signal, Smaller Outer Display (hard to see), No Flashing lights, Bad Flash
0	Weak Signal, little Outer Display (hard to see), No Flashing lights, Bad blink
0	no cons
0	cons no
0	No USB, Menu a bit confusing
0	No USB, a bit confusing
1	easy installation, good printing, great price
1	slow installation, good printing, great price
0	ringer, menus, reminder tones
0	ringer, menus, toller reminder tones
1	It makes calls.
1	It makes.
1	Battery life
1	Battery aliveness life
0	None
0	none None
0	Some problems getting used to manual mode features.
0	Some problems used getting to manual mode features.
1	Size, features, clarity.
1	sport Size, features, clarity.
0	Battery usage and button design
0	Battery usage and clit design
0	Display issue, missing features of newer phones
0	Display novel issue, missing features of newer phones
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, big screen
1	real music ringers, mp3 player capability, bragging screen
0	poor image resolution; high battery usage; not upgradable
0	poor image resolution; high battery usage; upgradable
1	Loud speaker phone, quick to charge, light weight
1	Loud speaker phone, quick to blame, light weight
0	Slow; Consumes lots of memory and CPU from your PC; Works well only for Windows95/98
0	mint Slow; Consumes lots of xcviii memory and CPU from your PC; Works well only for Windows95/98
0	Must use NiMH batteries, insufficient zoom.
0	must Must use NiMH batteries, insufficient zoom.
1	Good text quality, works in DOS also.
1	Good text quality, works in DOS.
0	high price, learning curve, disk write time
0	high price, teach curve, disk write time
1	easy to use, compact, good for beginner user, uses AA batteries
1	well-to-do to use, compact, unspoiled for beginner user, uses AA batteries
0	Battery hog, flash not always sufficient
0	Battery hog, dash not always sufficient
0	Not a battery meter. Red eye reduction does not work well.
0	Not a battery meter. Red eyeball reduction does not play well.
1	Small, easy to use
1	Small, leisurely to use
0	Terrible sound quality (On two separate M-610's),
0	Terrible sound quality (On separate M-610's),
1	Lightweight, web-enabled, clarity, blt-in speakerphone, inexpensive
1	lightweight, web-enabled, clarity, blt-in speakerphone, inexpensive
0	Short battery life, awful image quality, poor construction, terrible software
0	Short battery life, awful image package quality, poor construction, terrible software
1	Great pictures, easy to use, good exposure/color control.
1	colouring Great pictures, easy to use, good exposure/color control.
0	it breaks,
0	breaks,
0	Scans messed up after prolonged scanning. Auto straighten function needs tuning.
0	Scans messed up after prolonged rake. Auto straighten operate needs tuning.
1	ease of use; good pix
1	ease of use; dependable pix
1	Solid Construction, Quiet
1	Solid Construction, solidness Quiet
0	No Optical Viewfinder
0	No Viewfinder
0	No optical zoom, hard to use "enter" key, long charge time, movies with-out sound
0	No key zoom, hard to use "enter" optical, long charge time, movies with-out sound
1	Really durable, takes abuse very well, remains comfy.Outstanding maneuverability
1	Really durable, direct abuse very intimately, remains comfy.Outstanding maneuverability
0	Cannot upload ringtones or graphics - They must be bought. Awkward power connector.
0	Cannot upload ringtones or graphics - They must be bought. Awkward office connecter.
1	Excellent design, easy to use, great picture quality
1	Excellent design, to use, great picture quality
1	Low cost and operation cost with HP quality printing.
1	Low cost and operation cost with HP timbre quality printing.
0	if you review your photos often the battery does run out quick
0	if you the your photos often review battery does run out quick
0	Slow for action shots, no optical viewfinder,poor pic quality at night
0	Slow for action shots, no optical viewfinder,poor pic at quality night
1	Small size, price, hot shoe, accessories, more!
1	Small size, cost, hot shoe, accessories, more!
0	Bad power management
0	Bad spoiled power management
1	Easy to Use, Software &amp;amp; Hardware
1	Easy to Use, Software &amp;amp; ampere Hardware
1	All the options of an expensive cell phone may offer
1	All the options of an expensive cell AN phone may offer
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good telephone keypad.
1	Autonomous mode, high quality of prints (even on a usual paper), two-sided printing
1	Autonomous mode, tone high quality of prints (even on a usual paper), two-sided printing
0	Not Enough SmartMemory
0	Not Enough decent SmartMemory
1	inexpensive, great printing
1	cheap inexpensive, great printing
1	Great features
1	Great sport
0	None 
0	none None 
0	Speaker needs more volume, volume controls poorly placed.
0	Speaker needs localise more volume, volume controls poorly placed.
0	is not compatible with IE.5.5 or IE.6
0	is not compatible with Explorer.5.fivesome or IE.6
1	Size, feel in hand, build quality
1	Size, feel hand, build quality
1	battery life, reception, features
1	battery lifespan, reception, features
1	Fast, Impecable Quality
1	Fast, Quality Impecable
0	none if you are not a professional photographer
0	none if you not a professional photographer
0	Fold up tray durability questionable
0	Fold tray durability questionable
0	Ring volume, occasionally reboot necessary
0	Ring volume, reboot occasionally necessary
0	Paper load tray doesn't always load paper straight.  Software package not available for Win2k.
0	Paper load tray doesn't package load paper straight.  Software always not available for Win2k.
0	N/A
0	ampere N/A
0	No tripod mount, no self-timer, poor bundled software.
0	No tripod mount, no self-timer, software bundled poor.
0	Uses more ink than most other printers.
0	early Uses more ink than most other printers.
1	small-but bigger than 8260,&#13;&#10;good button feedback,&#13;&#10;easy to read screen, great sound
1	small-but bigger than 8260,&#13;&#10;good button feedback,&#13;&#10;easy to read, 
1	Good for the kids
1	Good the kids
0	have to install software on your computer to retrieve images
0	to install software on computer to retrieve images
0	missed calls, not sturdy
0	calls, not sturdy
1	Superb quality pictures. Lots of cool features. LCD screen
1	Superb quality pictures. Lots of cool. LCD screen
1	Wonderful Camera
1	Camera Wonderful
1	Good speakerphone & reception, good battery lifetime
1	Good & reception, good battery lifetime
1	Size/USB Interface/Storage Capacity/2Mpixels/Zoom/Menu
1	Size/USB Interface/Storage Capacity/2Mpixels/soar/Menu
1	once warmed up, relatively quick for home use
1	once up, relatively quick for home use
1	Ease of use
1	of use
0	Speaker needs to be louder, monophonic ringtones
0	Speaker needs to be monophonic, louder ringtones
1	Great printing and great price
1	Great peachy printing and great price
1	Small, attractive, good quality on calls, speaker phone is OK. Internal software pretty good.
1	Small, attractive, good quality on holler, speaker phone is OK. Internal package pretty good.
1	Great colors, fast speed, flexible settings
1	Great colors, colorize fast speed, flexible settings
1	Small size, calendar, phone book, e-mail, web browser, IR port, Bluetooth, battery life
1	humble size, calendar, phone book, e-mail, web browser, IR port, Bluetooth, battery animation
0	Flush keypad can cause miss keying.
0	Flush keypad can cause key miss keying.
0	Electronic-only menu that's difficult to learn, no optical zoom
0	Electronic-only menu that's difficult to learn, no nobelium optical zoom
1	Its definitely cheap and compact enough to keep some money in your wallet but...
1	Its definitely cheap and compact enough to keep your money in some wallet but...
1	World phone capability, GPRS, Improved design, Bluetooth, Ultra-light, Ultra-thin.
1	World telephone capability, GPRS, Improved design, Bluetooth, Ultra-light, Ultra-thin.
0	no "real" tones, no loudspeaker
0	no "real" chant tones, no loudspeaker
0	Average picture quality. , 
0	Average exposure quality. , 
0	Is does not work often.
0	Is does ofttimes not work often.
1	Feature Rich, Color Screen, Motorola Reputation, E911 GPS
1	Feature Rich, Color Screen, Motorola Reputation, GPS E911
1	The software package has some good editing capabilities.
1	The software package has some good editing expert capabilities.
1	Sleek, compact, performs well
1	Sleek, bundle, performs well
0	Does not come with a cable to connect to your computer
0	Does with come not a cable to connect to your computer
0	Flimsy, easily broken, head gets misaligned often
0	Flimsy, easily broken, head misaligned often
1	Exellent quality pictures
1	Exellent pictures
1	cheap, good print quality on special papers
1	cheap, undecomposed print quality on special papers
1	- 2.1 megapixel resolution  - Wide array of features and options that are relatively easy to use
1	- 2.two 1 megapixel resolution  - Wide array of features and options that are ane relatively easy to use
1	Speakerphone
1	speakerphone
0	Takes awhile to print, only prints 4x6
0	submit awhile to print, only prints 4x6
0	Doesn't do anything well; doesn't do most things passably
0	Doesn't do doesn't well; anything do most things passably
0	Scanner and Fax software not so impressive.
0	Scanner and Fax not so impressive.
1	cheap megapixels
1	megapixels
1	Small and portable, has zoom!
1	and portable, has zoom!
0	buy it
0	steal it
0	not super quality photos.  not for professional use.
0	not super quality photos.  for professional use.
0	Delay between shots, focusing, tricky white balance
0	Delay shots, focusing, tricky white balance
1	Extremely durable, looks fantastic, ultra compact and takes great pictures
1	extremely durable, looks fantastic, ultra compact and consider great pictures
1	Super small, stainless steel body and simple menu functions.
1	Super small, stainless steel and simple menu functions.
1	Voice activated dialing, speakerphone, long battery life, clear display
1	Voice activated dialing, speakerphone, long battery life, recollective clear display
0	Battery life, Picture memory, Application costs
0	Battery life, Application memory, Picture costs
1	Easy and reliable
1	slow and reliable
1	Manual/auto modes, macro, 2X zoom, very easy to handle as it's light and fits hand well.
1	Manual/auto modes,, 2X zoom, very easy to handle as it's light fits hand.
1	Ease of Use, Great Flash &amp; Zoom Options, Easy To Navigate Menus, USB
1	Ease of Use, Great Flash &amp; Zoom Options, USB To Navigate Menus, Easy
0	short battery life, small display
0	display battery life, small short
1	Lightweight, simple to use, cute looking, basic internet access
1	, simple to use, cute looking, basic internet access
0	Easy to lose because of its small size!
0	Easy to misplace because of its small size!
0	Very small when closed.  The phonebook is a little clumsy.  T9 text entry is painful.
0	when closed.  The is a little clumsy.  T9 text entry is painful.
0	eats batteries like mad
0	eats shelling like mad
1	Small enough to fit in your pocket. Vibration alert.Good display.
1	Small enough to fit in your pocket. Vibration alert.respectable presentation.
1	Easy, very portable, has everything I need
1	very, Easy portable, has everything I need
1	Great pics,ease of use,Good price
1	Great Price pics,ease of use,Good price
1	Small, lightweight, great reception, and usable features.  Changeable Faceplates!
1	Small, lightweight, bang-up reception, and usable features.  Changeable Faceplates!
0	battery life, can't download ringers
0	battery, can't download ringers
1	Great for posed pictures,, Good quality pictures., Quick review time of pictures
1	time for posed pictures,, Good quality pictures., Quick review Great of pictures
1	Cheap, Easy to use, acceptable quality
1	cheap, Easy to use, acceptable quality
1	So easy to use.  I love this thing.
1	So easy to use.  I lovemaking this thing.
1	Works well
1	well Works
1	great scans, accurate printouts, reasonable price, ease of use, cartridge for each color 
1	great scans, accurate printouts, reasonable cost, relaxation of use, cartridge for each color 
0	first one I bought was a lemon
0	first single I bought was a lemon
0	tiny buttons--can't text with one hand
0	buttons--can't tiny text with one hand
0	Takes at least 5-10 minutes before it starts printing
0	guide at least 5-10 minutes before it starts printing
0	None
0	none None
0	Every thing
0	Every affair
1	Works fine when new
1	Works when fine new
0	USB, Power Consumption
0	USB, Power expenditure
1	Small, optical zoom, easy to use
1	Small, optical zoom, easy to comfortable use
1	Priced right for a beginner.
1	Priced a for right beginner.
1	User Friendly, Easy to Use, Long standby &amp; talk time
1	Friendly User, Easy to Use, Long standby &amp; talk time
1	all in one, small footprint
1	all in ace, small footprint
1	Yes
1	yes
0	Smallish viewfinder. No spotmeter. Slow USB connection.
0	Smallish viewfinder. No spotmeter. USB connection.
1	good phone
1	practiced phone
0	All things that would be expected from a small camera
0	All things that be would expected from a small camera
1	Compact; secured antenna; exterior display; features and setup options galore; very good reception/no dropped calls
1	Compact; secured antenna; exterior setup; calls and display options galore; very good reception/no dropped features
1	unbelievable images
1	unbelievable visualise
0	I do not like the power saver mode
0	I do not dress like the power saver mode
0	Software is somewhat of a disappointment&amp;#13;&amp;#10;. 
0	Software is somewhat of a amp&amp;#13;&disappointment;#10;. 
0	None
0	None
1	EVERYTHING
1	EVERYTHING
1	Fast, easy to network, clear printing, good price
1	Fast, easy to network, net printing, good price
1	Excellent performance, longevity
1	Excellent performance, 
1	pretty clear printing... when it does
1	pretty clear practice printing... when it does
0	No speakerphone, Not able to have ring tones for each party.
0	tones speakerphone, Not able to have ring No for each party.
1	Lightweight, easy to use, inexpensive and made just for beginners.
1	Lightweight, easy to exercise, inexpensive and stool just for beginners.
0	Colors are dull, not much manual control
0	Colors non are dull, not much manual control
0	Audible Quality, NiMH Battery, Button Size/Placement
0	Audible release Quality, NiMH Battery, Button Size/Placement
1	Sound Quality, Reception and features.
1	receipt Sound Quality, Reception and features.
0	Paper handling could be better
0	Paper handling could be sound
1	Low Cost Printer, High Quality Photos, Draft Mode Available.  Slots for SmartMedia and CompactFlash
1	Low Cost Printer, High Quality, Draft Available.  Slots for SmartMedia and CompactFlash
0	slow serial connection, flimsy design, VERY short battery life
0	VERY serial connection, flimsy design, slow short battery life
0	The scanner scratched the scan jackets so it left lines
0	The scanner scratched the skim jackets so it entrust lines
1	Great features for price. Very easy to use.  Small and lightweight.
1	Great features for price. easy to use.  Small lightweight.
1	Relatively Inexpensive to purchase
1	Relatively to purchase
0	Rear feed, absence of "no border" printing, paper tray is clumsy (marginal complaint)
0	rise feed, absence of "no border" printing, paper tray is unwieldy (marginal complaint)
0	Slow for high quality pictures
0	Slow high for quality pictures
0	No RAW mode
0	RAW No mode
1	very straightforward, reliable, great customer support,light,easy to move and transport, easy to set up, versatile
1	very straightforward, reliable, great customer back,light,easy to act and transport, easy to coif up, versatile
0	Slow response time and screen freezes
0	tardily response time and screen freezes
1	Picture quality, zoom, large lcd
1	Picture quality, zoom, large photograph lcd
1	price, great zoom capability, great pic. resolution
1	price, great zoom capability, pic great. resolution
1	GoodLooking, Dual LCDs, Voice-Active, WAP, Shortcuts Menus, ringtone-composer
1	GoodLooking, Dual LCDs, Voice-Active, WAP, cutoff Menus, ringtone-composer
1	Awesome print quality, fast and quiet. Consistent color and tones.
1	Awesome quality, fast and quiet. color and tones.
1	High printing speed, easy to install, can print while scanning or receiving fax
1	High printing speed, easy to install, can print while receiving fax
0	Almost useless at night, poor picture quality
0	useless at night, poor picture quality
0	8MB card not enough
0	8MB not enough
1	It was small
1	It was 
0	prefer a covered keypad.
0	prefer overlay a covered keypad.
0	None
0	none
1	Gorgeous screen, cool body design, very easy to use camera, IMAP/POP email client.
1	Gorgeous screen, cool body design, very easy to use camera, IMAP/start e-mail client.
1	Dependable
1	safe Dependable
0	Color printing and time span per printed page
0	Color printing and time distich per printed page
1	rugged, small, looks cool, changeable faceplates
1	rugged, small, look cool, changeable faceplates
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, battery lasts forever.
1	Great reception, well-built (not flimsy), nice big color screens, forever lasts battery.
0	Price, constant maintenance
0	maintenance, constant Price
0	Voracious appetite for batteries
0	Voracious appetency for batteries
1	Wow, where to start? Clarity, functionality, BLUETOOTH, IR, superior battery life.
1	Wow, where to beginning? Clarity, functionality, BLUETOOTH, IR, superordinate battery life.
1	Small, Stylish, Discrete.
1	Discrete, Stylish, Small.
1	Photo Quality. Ease Of Menus. Features!
1	Quality Photo. Ease Of Menus. Features!
1	Trust in the name and price
1	trustfulness in the name and price
0	no red eye flash mode, only battery power
0	no red mode flash eye, only battery power
0	expensive ink and paper
0	expensive ink and theme
0	Eh...batteries life and red eye (but read on)
0	Eh...batteries and red eye (but read on)
0	None!
0	none None!
0	Does not come bundled with a PC card reader
0	Does not come bundled with a behave PC card reader
1	Fast printing, crisp colors
1	Fast printing, colors crisp
1	Inexpensive, Superb Quality.
1	Superb, Inexpensive Quality.
0	Low Battery life like all digitals, Extra step to process pix
0	life like all digitals, Extra step to process pix
0	Antenna is flimsy.
0	Antenna is tenuous.
0	Troublesome photo tray; slow card reader
0	Troublesome photo tray; picture slow card reader
0	Pricey accessories. No standard headphone jack.
0	Pricey accessories. jack standard headphone No.
0	Camera "freezes" while gets ready to focus.  (Also, can't delete photos off disks.)
0	Camera "freezes" while gets ready to spell focus.  (Also, can't delete photos off disks.)
0	phonebook not alphabetical, switches to easily to analog in solid digital areas
0	phonebook not alphabetical, shift to easily to analog in self-coloured digital areas
0	Poor visibility in dark rooms and no frame number memory
0	Poor visibility in dark rooms and no frame number visibleness memory
1	All in One, Easy to Use, It isn't a flatbed scanner, 
1	All in One, Easy to Use, It isn't a flatbed axerophthol scanner, 
0	Flimsy Antenna
0	Flimsy 
0	Limited selection of accessories available.  Could ring louder.
0	Limited selection of accessories available.  Could ring surround louder.
0	Moves my entire cheap particle board computer desk :)
0	Moves my entire cheap particle board computer :)
0	Drop calls,bad design, numbers get lost in it
0	Drop calls,bad design, numbers lost in it
1	Excellent print quality
1	Excellent quality print
1	5X zoom, abundant features, vivid colors
1	5X zoom, abundant, vivid colors
1	Stylish, effective, light and portable
1	Stylish, effective, light fashionable and portable
1	compact, durable, excellent sound quality, good storage capability, large font screen for visibility
1	compact, durable, excellent legal quality, beneficial storage capability, large font screen for visibility
1	Picture quality, Ease of use, good looking
1	Picture quality, Ease of use, looking
1	Budget digi cam with good quality for it's resolution 
1	Budget good cam with digi quality for it's resolution 
1	small size, clear pitcures, Olympus name
1	small size, crystallise pitcures, Olympus name
1	Great design
1	design Great
0	range not so good
0	range not so soundly
0	slick exterior case
0	slick exterior 
1	Image quality, battery life, hot-shoe for ext. flash
1	Image quality, battery life, for ext. flash
1	Fast, Excellent Quality, Space Saving
1	Fast, Excellent Quality, redeem Space Saving
0	Power Consumption - Needs Alternative NiMH Batteries, Costly (but useful) AC Adapter is optional.
0	Power Consumption - Alternative NiMH Batteries, Costly (but useful) AC is optional.
1	Inexpensive
1	inexpensive Inexpensive
0	none of the functions are anything to brag about
0	none of the functions are anything brag about
0	A Little Heavy, Price
0	A Little Heavy, 
1	Great pictures
1	pictures
0	Poor design, horrible contacts
0	pitiable design, horrible contacts
1	Nice flip cover, light weight,
1	Nice flip insure, light weight,
1	No film, or developing, uses a floppy disk
1	no film, or developing, uses a floppy disk
0	possible paper jams
0	possible paper 
0	Worst purchase mistake in memory
0	memory purchase mistake in Worst
0	Price! Way too much for just a printer.
0	Price! Way too much just a printer.
1	Compact and stylish.
1	and stylish.
0	Expensive ink, slow, clogging may be a problem.
0	Expensive ink, dull, clogging may be a problem.
0	Due to a poor design, it has a high maintenance LCD that needs frequent attention.
0	Due to a poor design, it has high maintenance LCD frequent attention.
0	Fragile antenna
0	Fragile 
1	everything...it takes great photos and is lightweight, inexpensive and fairly easy to learn
1	everything...it takes great photos and is lightweight, to and fairly easy inexpensive learn
1	Small size, nice display, ergonomic, nice display on outside of clamshell, large& easily accessably keypad
1	minuscule size, nice exhibit, ergonomic, nice display on outside of clamshell, gravid& easily accessably keypad
1	See Review
1	Review See
1	Price, Product
1	Product, Price
0	a little expensive along with the video cards.
0	a little expensive with the video cards.
0	The Display crashes
0	The Display dash
0	None
0	none
1	Easy to use. Great range of settings for the flash, the resolution and the focal length. The camera itself looks pretty darn cool too.
1	Easy to use. great reach of settings for the trashy, the solvent and the focal length. The camera itself looks pretty darn cool too.
0	Ink(Cost) Not a Fan
0	Ink(Cost) Not Fan
1	good for its time
1	good undecomposed for its time
1	Inexpensive, picture quality good
1	picture, Inexpensive quality good
1	3 Things in one. Easy connectivity and transfer of files. Only 16MB card.
1	3 Easy in one. Things connectivity and transfer of files. Only 16MB card.
1	Cool design, ability to print straight from memory cards without a computer, ability to download photos from memory cards to the computer, FAST color printing
1	Cool design, to print straight from cards without a computer, ability to download from memory cards computer, FAST color printing
1	multifuctional, space saver
1	space, multifuctional saver
0	Jams easily, won't pick up paper, overheats, and hangs up a lot.
0	obstruct easily, won't pick up paper, overheats, and hangs up a set.
0	Heat, start/end chimes
0	Heat, scratch/end chimes
0	Charging constraints, camera malfunctions, and movement constraints
0	Charging constraints, camera and, malfunctions movement constraints
1	Small, Many Features, Built to Hold Up
1	Small, Many Features, Built to handgrip Up
0	Very noisy
0	identical Very noisy
0	If lighting is too bright or too dark, it can be tough to get a good picture.
0	If lighting is too bright or too dreary, it can be baffling to get a commodity picture.
0	No call timer, flimsy antenna, small buttons
0	No squall timer, flimsy antenna, small buttons
1	Decent quality scanning, 30 page auto document feeder, decent quality printing, cheap, good fax
1	Decent quality scanning, 30 page auto gaudy document feeder, decent quality printing, cheap, good fax
0	nothing i can think of
0	nothing i can of
1	TINY, TINY, TINY.  Huge improvements over the S100.  Great battery life
1	TINY, TINY, TINY.  over the S100.  Great battery life
0	Owner's Manual could be more detailed.
0	Owner's Manual could be manual more detailed.
0	Not the fastest.But thats all.
0	Not the truehearted.But thats all.
0	Would advise upgrade to direct connection download. Will eat batteries.
0	Would connection upgrade to direct advise download. Will eat batteries.
1	Excellent Print Quality, Improved Print Drivers, USB and parallel ports
1	excellent Print timbre, Improved Print Drivers, USB and parallel ports
1	Separate Ink Carts - Fast - Easy to Use
1	Separate Ink haul - Fast - Easy to Use
1	6X optical zoom, great features
1	6X optical zoom, features great
1	Outstanding Quality
1	caliber Outstanding Quality
0	price
0	terms
0	Sucks the juice right out of the batteries
0	wet-nurse the juice right out of the batteries
0	difficult to install, expensive to operate, reliability, slow speed
0	difficult to install, expensive to operate, reliability, slow fastness
0	External caller id window gets scratched, the phone is a bit thicker than StarTac
0	External caller id gets scratched, the phone is bit thicker than StarTac
1	Quiet, fast
1	loyal Quiet, fast
1	Very sturdy, versatile, nice extras
1	hardy Very sturdy, versatile, nice extras
0	it can dial by itself, the battery life sucks
0	it can the by itself, dial battery life sucks
1	Small, tough, very good quality pictures
1	Small, strong-armer, very good quality pictures
0	Crashes, loses data, keys dying, audio too soft, disastrous user interface.
0	Crashes, loses likewise data, keys dying, audio too soft, disastrous user interface.
0	Poor Quality Digital Zoom. No sound on Movie - But That's it!
0	Poor Quality Digital Zoom. No on Movie - But it!
1	Good print quality, cheap, durable
1	honest print quality, cheap, durable
1	The box can be used to store other stuff.
1	The box can used to store other stuff.
1	A/C adapter included, optical zoom, battery life, serial and USB included
1	A/C adapter included, optical, battery life, and USB included
1	Best Quality and Speed for Tabloid Size Prints under $500
1	undecomposed Quality and Speed for rag Size Prints under $500
0	Bad implementation; very poor QC; Kyocera tech support is obtuse
0	Bad implementation; very poor QC; Kyocera tech backing is dumb
1	Excellent Photo Quality, Very Good 4x6 Borderless, Very Good Text and Graphics
1	Excellent Photo Quality, Very Good 4x6 Borderless, Very Text and 
1	Price, Photo Quality and Ease of Use
1	Price, Photo Quality and Ease of easiness Use
0	mic gets dirty easy, camera pics not so good.
0	mic gets dirty sluttish, camera pics not so good.
0	Poor colors on low resolution, easy to dent (ouch!), arcane battery type
0	Poor colors on low resolution, easy to dent (ouch!), arcane battery promiscuous type
1	easy to use.
1	loose to use.
0	Downloading Time
0	Downloading sentence
1	Very small, light, camera is built-in.
1	Very really small, light, camera is built-in.
1	good quality, easy to maintain, reliable
1	good quality, easy to dependable maintain, reliable
0	low DPI
0	humble low DPI
1	Construction, image quality, functions, manual mode, good macro, 16 mb included compact flash
1	Construction, flash quality, functions, manual mode, good macro, 16 mb included compact image
1	None
1	none
0	color and ink runs out quick
0	color and ink runs out unravel quick
0	Scanner could only handle simple sheet.Printhead poor quality and terrible price.
0	Scanner could only handle simple sheet.Printhead poor quality direful and terrible price.
1	excellent reception, sturdy, and light weight
1	excellent reception, sturdy, and scant weight
1	Inexpensive
1	inexpensive Inexpensive
1	Low Price, Professional-Looking Documents
1	Low Price, Documents Professional-Looking
0	none
0	none
1	Price, quality, size
1	size, quality, Price
0	Battery life is weak. (Recommend Buying Rechargeable) Small memory card 
0	Battery life lineup is weak. (Recommend Buying Rechargeable) Small memory card 
0	Very awkward interface, phone locks up, dim screen in sunlight, no SD card slot
0	Very awkward interface, phone locks up, wispy shield in sunlight, no SD card slot
1	easy acess to important work getting done
1	easy acess to important getting work done
0	Flash, No battery indicator, No Case.
0	Flash, battery indicator, No Case.
0	Noisy, poor print quality, poor build, wasts ink cleaning itself, Slow.
0	Noisy, poor build quality, poor print, wasts ink cleaning itself, Slow.
0	Expensive cartridges, frequent paper jams, tiny paper feed tray and tinier tray for received faxes.
0	Expensive cartridges, frequent paper jams, tiny paper telefax feed tray and tinier tray for received theme faxes.
0	Highly priced and slow. Built-in flash. 
0	Highly priced and sluggish. Built-in flash. 
0	Small buttons
0	diminished buttons
1	great zoom lens
1	gravid zoom lens
0	Poor Quality, No Flash, No LCD display.
0	Poor Quality, No Flash, No LCD exhibit.
0	no parent tray
0	no raise tray
0	none
0	none
1	Compact, Reliable, Playback monitor, clear crisp pictures
1	Compact, clear, Playback monitor, Reliable crisp pictures
1	Good Quality for Price
1	Good choice for Price
0	i cant think of any
0	i slant think of any
0	Slow, unreliable, eats paper
0	Slow, unreliable, paper
0	short battery life
0	short life battery
1	Great picture quality.  Full of features, yet easy to point and shoot in auto mode.
1	Great icon quality.  Full of features, yet leisurely to bespeak and shoot in auto mode.
1	great photo quality, fast, crisp b&amp;amp;w
1	great photo prime, fast, crisp b&amp;amp;w
0	Poor Fuji support and very fragile camera.
0	Poor Fuji support and very fragile.
1	Ergonomically and aesthetically pleasing, more features than Ben & Jerry's flavors
1	Ergonomically and Ben pleasing, more features than aesthetically & Jerry's flavors
0	No lens protection, not true 2.1 Megapixels, no optical zoom
0	No lens protection, not 1 2.true Megapixels, no optical zoom
0	I found this stroller to be to wide for many store isle's and doorways.
0	I doorways this stroller to be to wide for many store isle's and found.
1	Small, light, takes pictures, good sound, great functions, games.
1	Small, light, takes pictures, good sound, great serve, games.
0	the shot rate
0	shot rate
1	LIGHT STURDY SLEEK IN STYLE
1	LIGHT STURDY style SLEEK IN STYLE
0	TOO LIGHT AND PORTABLE AND NUMBER PAD TOO SMALL
0	TOO LIGHT AND PORTABLE NUMBER PAD TOO SMALL
1	Just the right amount of features, removable floppy
1	Just the right number of features, removable floppy
0	Picture and video quality, Bluetooth crippled by Verizon.
0	Picture and quality, Bluetooth crippled by Verizon.
0	Ink cartridges are costly; as afore mentioned in prior reviews, but buy on Ebay!
0	Ebay cartridges are costly; as afore mentioned in prior reviews, but buy on Ink!
1	Appearance
1	Appearance
1	easy to use, best camera for the money
1	easy to use, best camera for money
1	Picture Quality, Manual Controls, Battery Life
1	Picture Battery, Manual Controls, Quality Life
0	you'll still need a travel stroller; addtn'l bases only avail. by mail
0	you'll still need a travel stroller; addtn'l only. by mail
1	Incredibly small and thin, but usable.
1	Incredibly small modest and thin, but usable.
0	accessories are hard to find.
0	accessories are hard to.
0	Battery wear, very SLOW uploading to PC
0	Battery microcomputer wear, very SLOW uploading to PC
0	loud ringer, weird menu setups
0	loud ringer, weird setups
0	Okay, so it only has 100 numbers, a few games, and a dozen rings
0	Okay, so it only has 100 gage numbers, a few games, and a dozen rings
1	Quick, quiet, easy to install
1	fast, quiet, easy to install
1	price, durability, features
1	toll price, durability, features
0	S-L-O-W To spool up, Jams, Adequate drivers
0	S-L-O-W spool up, Jams, Adequate drivers
1	Durable, lightweight, great sound quality, easy to use.
1	Durable, lightweight, great sound quality, to use.
0	Large flip design, no speaker phone, cheap leather case
0	Large flip speaker, no design phone, cheap leather case
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, file Bluetooth disabled transfers, weak camera
0	None
0	none
0	Mpeg without sound, skimpy 4MB Memory Stick.
0	Mpeg without sound, skimpy 4MB Memory stay.
1	Very small and compact.
1	Very small and compendious.
1	ease of use, inexpensive storage, good pictures.
1	ease of use, inexpensive storage, pictures.
0	Goes through batteries kind of fast with the LCD on
0	Goes through kind fast with the LCD on
0	high price
0	high mellow price
0	High-Res graphics are a little fuzzy.
0	High-Res graphics a little fuzzy.
1	Size
1	sizing Size
0	Weak antenna, flaky software, only 256 colors
0	Weak antenna, flaky software, 256 colors
0	Limited speed dial feature, no camera, no speaker phone.
0	Limited speed dial feature, no camera, telephone no speaker phone.
0	price
0	price
0	a little awkward due to it's size, easy to block the lens when taking pictures
0	a little awkward to due it's size, easy to block lens the when taking pictures
0	need better support
0	motive need better support
0	sometimes tends to overexpose, price
0	sometimes to overexpose, price
1	Best camera for the price
1	Best terms camera for the price
1	Eco mode, light on/off, speaker phone, cute ring tones
1	Eco mode, cunning light on/off, speaker phone, cute ring tones
1	Looks, speed, features, capabilities
1	Looks,, features, capabilities
0	Small
0	diminished Small
0	a little bulky, a bit pricey if you get it full-price, downloads aren't all free
0	a little bulky, pricey if you get it full-price, downloads all free
0	slow, prints green 
0	decelerate, prints green 
0	Cartridges are tricky to install, NOT good for high volume
0	Cartridges are tricky to install, good high volume
0	Copies dry a little slow sometimes so be careful
0	Copies exist dry a little slow sometimes so be careful
0	autofocus takes too long 
0	takes autofocus too long 
0	ink cartridges are pricey
0	ink cartridges are 
0	Limited (and very bad) ring tones, too much money for this phone
0	Limited (and very tough) ring flavor, too much money for this phone
0	deceptive packaging on toner cartridge
0	deceptive pickup packaging on toner cartridge
0	none
0	none
1	camera, good shape, games, LCD screens, reception, double batteries
1	camera, good influence, games, LCD screens, reception, double batteries
0	Expensive, Limited # of Photos to Each Disk
0	Expensive, Limited # of Photos to Disk Each
0	some extra papers might come out with printed pages but they can be reinserted with the holding paper (minor)
0	some supererogatory papers might come out with printed pages but they can be reinserted with the holding wallpaper (modest)
1	Takes great pix, tech support came through
1	Takes pix, tech support came through
0	slow shutter release response
0	slow shutter button response
0	Bulky, batteries need frequent recharging
0	Bulky, need frequent recharging
1	Gallery, Viewing Lense, High Capacity for storing pictures, Nice Design, High Resolution/Good Quality photos.
1	gallery, Viewing Lense, High Capacity for storing pictures, Nice intention, heights Resolution/Good Quality photos.
0	Paper handling startup noise
0	Paper plow startup noise
1	picture quality, LCD screen, easy to use, compact card flash
1	LCD quality, picture screen, easy to use, compact card flash
1	Very simple to use, nice small size.
1	nice simple to use, Very small size.
0	Buy your own cable
0	Buy your wire own cable
1	Size, Infrared Port, T9 predictive text
1	Port, Infrared Size, T9 predictive text
0	No ringer + vibrate mode.
0	No + vibrate mode.
0	The antenna is very flimsy, menu is fairly hard to learn
0	The antenna is very flimsy, menu is fairly hard 
0	A little slow but hey, what do u want for les than $200
0	A little slow but 200, what do u want for les than $hey
1	none
1	none
1	Ease of use, 4AA batteries, compact
1	Ease of use, batteries, compact
1	Small, compact, great screen
1	Small, compact, great 
0	Paper curls.
0	Paper gyre.
0	zoom can be a pain, battery use
0	zoom can be a hurting, battery use
0	No Flash, Low Resolution, No Removable Memory.
0	No photoflash, Low Resolution, No Removable Memory.
1	GREAT PICTURES. THEY ARE SO CLEAR. 
1	GREAT PICTURES. ARE SO CLEAR. 
0	Batteries run out quickly
0	Batteries run out cursorily
1	2880 for under $100.00
1	2880 for under $C.00
1	Small, compact, fits in pocket
1	in, compact, fits Small pocket
0	heavy and bulky
0	heavy bulky
1	Slim, Many features, Easy to use, Long lasting battery
1	Slim, Many features, Easy to use, battery lasting Long
1	Good Size, Very Functional, Great Features, Easy to Use, Great Battery
1	Good Size, selfsame Functional, bang-up Features, Easy to Use, Great Battery
0	none
0	none
1	I can't think of any.
1	I can't think whatever of any.
0	ink will get expensive, slow, inkjet text can smear.
0	ink will get expensive, slow, inkjet text volition can smear.
1	Voice Dialing, ease of use, size and weight
1	Voice Dialing, ease of use, size and 
1	Price
1	damage Price
1	Easiest camera 
1	camera 
1	Size, clarity of voices from speakerphone, crisp color screen.
1	Size, clarity of voices from screen, crisp color speakerphone.
1	Thin, thin but yet with enough power to transmit
1	Thin, thin but yet enough power to transmit
0	Unable to synchronize with palm devices, doesn't work well on ships and boats, style
0	Unable to synchronize with palm devices, doesn't function well on ships and boats, stylus
1	Greatly Improved Interface, Looks COol!
1	Greatly Improved COol, Looks Interface!
1	convenience of floppy disks, good zoom, ease of use
1	convenience of floppy disks, good zoom, ease of 
0	Blurry and out of focus in low light, barrel sticks out too far.
0	kayoed Blurry and out of focus in low light, barrel sticks out too far.
1	Great value in its price range!
1	Great price in its value range!
1	Has much needed alarm and removable battery.
1	Has much needed alarm removable battery.
1	A good product for the price.
1	A good product for price the.
0	small screen, no WAP...
0	small blind, no WAP...
1	Small and affordable
1	lowly Small and affordable
0	Mediocre Photo Quality;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Expensive Cartridge;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Inflexible changing cartridges;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Show print mark on the back.
0	Mediocre Photo Quality;&;#13;&amp;#10;Expensive Cartridge;&amp;#13;&amp;#; changing cartridges;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Show print mark the.
0	none
0	none
1	Excellent build construction, good image quality, swivel design
1	Excellent soma construction, good image quality, swivel design
0	Rather expensive
0	preferably Rather expensive
1	smart camera for family photos or fun, friendly photos
1	smart camera family photos or fun, friendly photos
0	nothing
0	nothing
1	Versatility
1	versatility Versatility
0	Sometimes it is too small
0	Sometimes is too small
0	One page at a time
0	One at a time
0	No optical zoom, batteries go fast, weak flash
0	No optical zoom, go fast, weak flash
0	voluminous, Microsoft dependency and outdated: lack of bluetooth, lack of GPRS, no MMS support
0	voluminous, Microsoft dependency outdated: lack of bluetooth, lack of GPRS, no support
0	Indoor exposure, Needs better manual for optional settings,
0	Indoor exposure, Needs indoor better manual for optional settings,
1	Its cheap, on screen ink display
1	Its cheap, on ink screen display
1	Great display, easy to use, sounds great
1	Great display, great to use, sounds easy
1	Signal,Features, everything!
1	have Signal,Features, everything!
1	Web Enabled
1	enable Web Enabled
1	Functions well
1	Functions 
0	No multi document feed for faxing.
0	No multi document fee for faxing.
1	The features are cool I guess.
1	The features are sang-froid I guess.
1	Price, Output, Value. All rolled into one!
1	, Output, Value. All rolled into one!
1	Different color choices and pictures.  Voice activated, speed dialing, small.
1	Different color and.  Voice activated, speed dialing, small.
0	BAD sound quality (mic), Very slow, not responsive, low quality color screen
0	BAD mic quality (sound), Very slow, not responsive, low quality color screen
1	PhotoRetII/III is trully the BEST printing tech currently avilable. Semi-Prof Photo output.
1	PhotoRetII/III is trully the BEST Photo tech currently avilable. Semi-Prof printing output.
1	Large Screen, Camera Features+Flash, Second Battery
1	indorse Large Screen, Camera Features+Flash, Second Battery
0	not as fashionable in 2006
0	not fashionable in 2006
1	can add photos, music and much more!!
1	can add photos, More music and much more!!
0	amount of pictures you can shoot
0	amount quantity of pictures you can shoot
1	Easy to use, affordable, lightweight and convienient.
1	slowly Easy to use, affordable, lightweight and convienient.
0	Occasionally mis-focuses some subjects in autofocus mode
0	Occasionally mis-focuses some content in autofocus mode
1	High-quality, easy to use, fun.
1	High-quality, easy to use, playfulness fun.
0	a little slower then other 900 models
0	a little tedious slower then other 900 models
0	Holster, headset functionality
0	Holster, holster headset functionality
1	Feature-rich for the price
1	Feature-rich for Price the price
0	battery life is short
0	battery life sprightliness is short
0	small memory stick included, so you will need to buy more
0	small memory stick included, so you will need retentiveness to buy more
1	incredible quality for low price, ease of use, expandable memory
1	incredible quality low price, ease of, expandable memory
1	Easy to use,small &amp; convenient.
1	Easy to use,small &AMP; convenient.
0	small control wheel, image quality control
0	small control wheel, fancy image quality control
1	Great overall camera
1	Great boilersuit overall camera
0	Control Button used in menu options takes some getting used to.
0	Control Button used in menu options takes some used getting to.
1	BIG color screen, durabilty, sleek, light, flip, external display
1	BIG color screen, light, sleek, durabilty, flip, external display
1	the size, 5Mpixels, VGA-video, the ergonomy
1	the, 5Mpixels, VGA-video, the ergonomy
1	great output; good color, fast and reasonable price
1	good output; great color, fast and reasonable price
1	Small, light, flexible settings
1	pocket-size, light, flexible settings
0	*no full screen on front
0	*no wide screen on front
0	Eats batteries like you would not believe.
0	Eats batteries like you not would believe.
0	There is no flash on the camera
0	There along is no flash on the camera
0	a little big, have to buy two batteries
0	a little big, have batteries buy two to
1	Cheap...easy to set up and use
1	cheap...easy to set up and use
1	Palm is a good OS, just not on this product.
1	Palm is a good OS, adenine just not on this product.
0	not durable for a child over 40 LBS.
0	not durable for a 40 over child LBS.
1	3.1 megapixels, small size
1	terzetto.1 megapixels, small size
1	Very Lighweight, Sturdy, Folds up small
1	upwardly Very Lighweight, Sturdy, Folds up small
1	Excellent image quality, fast shot2shot recharge
1	Excellent loyal image quality, fast shot2shot recharge
0	Dries up, high maintanence, high cost of use.
0	Dries high, up maintanence, high cost of use.
1	Picture quality, takes Microdrive, feature rich
1	Picture quality, subscribe Microdrive, feature rich
0	Good Pictures
0	Good 
0	Went crazy WAY too soon.  All messed up.
0	Went crazy soon too WAY.  All messed up.
1	Picture quality is just as good as the higher megapixil cameras, and it's cheaper.
1	depiction quality is just as salutary as the higher megapixil cameras, and it's cheaper.
0	Speaker is horrible..
0	utterer is horrible..
0	'on/off' button might be confused with shutter release button, battery compartment hinge seems flimsy
0	'on/off' button might be confused with seems release button, battery compartment flimsy shutter hinge
1	Fast, prints text great, works well with digital photos
1	Fast, prints text bring great, works well with digital photos
0	Not much of a zoom
0	of much Not a zoom
0	- Slow processor (9210i runs faster)
0	- slow processor (9210i runs faster)
0	The batteries seem to run down rather quickly in the camera
0	The batteries seem camera run down rather quickly in the to
0	Color cartridges are high cost
0	Color pickup are high cost
0	Poor battery life, poor reception, poor provider
0	Poor pitiable battery life, poor reception, poor provider
1	Camera is cheap and functional with a couple of options.
1	Camera is cheap and functional with a couple angstrom of options.
1	Very small, nice pictures, great stills
1	Very little, nice pictures, great stills
0	No carrying case or accesories included, despite the hefty price 549.99!
0	No carrying slip or accesories included, despite the muscular price 549.99!
1	ease of use, customizable O/S, good quality image &amp;amp; color
1	ease use, customizable O/S, good quality &amp;amp; color
0	LCD too small and hard to navigate.
0	LCD too small and hard to navigate.
0	Extremely low ear piece volume(in to my second phone, still the same problem)
0	Extremely bulk low ear piece volume(in to my second phone, still the same problem)
0	Software is useless, flash is awkward
0	package is useless, flash is awkward
0	doesn't get have good singal strenght.
0	doesn't mother have good singal strenght.
0	Replacement ink cartridges
0	substitute ink cartridges
0	Power hug, low-light focusing leaves some to be desired, no firmware upgrades
0	Power hug, low-light focusing leaves some be desired, no firmware 
1	customizable, Portable, durable
1	customizable, durable, Portable
1	Excellent print quality, extremely inexpensive.
1	Excellent print extremely, quality inexpensive.
0	Pictures lack clarity, heavy camera, battery life only 120m
0	Pictures lack clarity, sonorous camera, battery life only 120m
1	Good display & camera.Good Looks.
1	Good smell display & camera.Good Looks.
0	no sound with digital movies (though the picture quality is good)
0	no sound with though movies (digital the picture quality is good)
1	size, light-weight, picture quality, features
1	size, light-weight, image quality, features
1	Good picture quality, easy to use, highly portable, rebate (through 1/31/02)
1	Good picture quality, easy to use, highly, (through 1/31/02)
1	Clarity, Battery Life, Size!
1	Life, Battery Clarity, Size!
1	Great, fast zoom plus lots of control
1	Great, fast zoom plus of control
1	Small, Lightweight, Polyphonic Rings, Durable
1	Small, Lightweight, Polyphonic indestructible Rings, Durable
0	slow
0	dense
0	Replacement ink is expensive, and it is kind of slow and a little loud
0	Replacement ink is expensive, and equal it is kind of slow and a little loud
0	battery life, smartmedia card is way too small
0	battery life, smartmedia is way too small
1	great print quality. holds extra 3-color cartridge. media card slots. holds 4x6 paper.
1	great print impress quality. holds extra 3-color cartridge. media card slots. holds 4x6 paper.
0	Must swap cartridge for true blacks
0	Must cartridge for true blacks
0	Battery life could be better, Verizon customizations suck and callers can be hard to hear.
0	Battery life could be better, Verizon and can be hard to hear.
0	You can't change the face plates
0	You can't the change face plates
0	BIG machine&amp;#13;&amp;#10;A little noisy...&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No walk-up faxing
0	BIG machine&amp;#13;&amp;#10;A noisy little...&amp;#13;&10;#amp;No walk-up faxing
0	battery-perhaps a Lithium cell instead
0	battery-perhaps a angstrom Lithium cell instead
1	clear, small, and light weight
1	clear, small, and light 
0	Somewhat noisy, expensive cartridges, hard to scan bulky items
0	Somewhat noisy, expensive intemperate cartridges, hard to scan bulky items
1	Ease of setup and operation, software
1	of setup and operation, software
1	Lost of options for the money.
1	Lost of options the for money.
1	Resolution, Price, Size
1	Resolution, Price, sizing
0	Did not come with a carrying case.
0	come not Did with a carrying case.
0	9 Minutes to Print a Page
0	9 proceedings to Print a Page
0	No audible beep when keys are pressed for accessing voice mail, etc...
0	No audible beep when are pressed for voice mail, etc...
0	The hands-free kit is of poor quality. But that elsewhere.
0	The hands-free quality is of poor kit. But that elsewhere.
0	Poor charger connection and bad keypad design.
0	charger Poor connection and bad keypad design.
1	High Quality, Good Price, Lasts a Long Time
1	High Quality, dependable Price, Lasts a Long Time
1	Uses floppy disks, 14x optical, stabilized zoom lens
1	Uses lens disks, 14x optical, stabilized zoom floppy
0	loss of signal in some areas
0	loss of bespeak in some areas
1	brilliant pictures - close up shots are crisp, clear. cute as hell
1	superb pictures - close up shots are crisp, crystallise. cute as hell
1	Good price, nice quality, easy to use, trusted brand.
1	Good price, employ nice quality, easy to use, trusted brand.
0	A wee bit pricey
0	A wee chip bit pricey
0	VERY FRAGILE, doesnt last, Review based on 7 phones over 2 years, please read.
0	VERY FRAGILE, doesnt utmost, Review based on 7 phone over 2 years, please read.
1	camera phone & it was free,
1	camera & it was free,
1	Nice size, cute and pretty, easy to carry, nice color screen
1	Nice size, cute pretty, easy carry, nice color screen
0	Pricey printer and comsumables
0	Pricey printer dear and comsumables
1	Fast and Furious., Easy Install
1	Fast and Furious., Easy 
1	Small, Great Pictures, Relatively Easy to transfer Pictures to your PC
1	Relatively, Great Pictures, Small Easy to transfer Pictures to your PC
0	batteries are expensive; user-interface could be better
0	batteries are expensive; user-interface could be punter
1	Speaker phone, light weight, dependable
1	Speaker phone, promiscuous weight, dependable
1	Neat compact easy to use
1	Neat easy to use
0	Toner and drum units seem expensive. Found toner at Sam's for $89.00 though. Quite noisy.
0	for and drum at seem expensive. Found toner units Sam's Toner $89.00 though. Quite noisy.
0	Fiddly menu system to weed through (as is true of all digital cameras).  Battery life.
0	Fiddly menu system to weed through (of is as true all digital cameras).  Battery life.
0	Nothing but trouble!!!
0	Nothing zilch but trouble!!!
1	Speed, Quality, Reliability
1	Speed, reliability Quality, Reliability
1	Lightweight, Easy, Carl Zeiss, Image Quality, and Design.
1	Lightweight, Easy, Carl Image, Zeiss Quality, and Design.
0	3x zoom, not great at night, large, expensive.
0	3x zoom, not great at night, large,.
1	Ease of use, Cost effective.
1	Ease of Cost, use effective.
0	no bluetooth
0	bluetooth
0	Sporadic malfunctions, compared w/ Nokias--not user friendly.
0	Sporadic malfunctions, compared w/ liken Nokias--not user friendly.
0	Doesn't corner well, no basket.
0	Doesn't corner well, no.
0	durability, flaky LCD connection, no WAP, can't store email addresses, not a world phone
0	durability, flaky connection, no WAP, can't email addresses, not a world phone
0	ink can be pricey
0	pricey can be ink
1	very easy and affordable to use
1	very well-off and affordable to use
0	Expensive
0	expensive Expensive
0	Ink cartridges are expensive. Will not print banners.
0	Ink cartridges are expensive. Will print banners.
1	easy to use takes great pics
1	takes to use easy great pics
1	Inexpensive/Fairly easy to operate/Informative help on-line
1	Inexpensive/Fairly easy to operate/Informative on-line
0	Cheap construction, confusing menus
0	Cheap, confusing menus
1	Super fast printing, separate ink cartridges.
1	Super fast cartridge printing, separate ink cartridges.
1	Size, weight, polyphonic ringtones
1	polyphonic, weight, Size ringtones
1	Excellent Picture Quality, Reasonable Price, Feature Rich, CompactFlash Memory Storage
1	Excellent Picture Quality, Reasonable, Feature, CompactFlash Memory Storage
1	Light, ergonomic design, easy to use and navigate, sturdy, lots of features.
1	Light, ergonomic design, to and navigate, sturdy, lots of features.
1	All features like- Voice Dial, Vibrating Alert, Profiles etc.
1	All features like- dial Voice Dial, Vibrating Alert, Profiles etc.
1	size, appearance, and features.  A winner.
1	, appearance, and features.  A winner.
0	Plastic tripod connector, questionable battery life
0	Plastic tripod connector, questionable battery lifetime
0	standard 8mb memory
0	8mb memory
0	HP needs to turn out a better variety of print papers.
0	HP needs turn out a better variety print papers.
1	Great looking, Sporty feel and solid build, seems durable, big basket, rain cover, big wheels.
1	Great looking, Sporty feel and solid, seems durable, big basket, rain, wheels.
0	cannot hold settings-reverts back to motorola pre-sets, screen goes blank, poor reception.
0	cannot hold settings-reverts back to motorola pre-sets, screen crack blank, wretched reception.
0	Kind of big and clunky looking.  Noisy paper loading.
0	Kind big and clunky looking.  Noisy paper loading.
1	Color screen, small size, phone book
1	Color sort, small size, phone book
0	Has space for only one custom ring tone, no voice-activated dialing or conference calling
0	Has space for only one custom ring dialing, no voice-activated tone or conference calling
1	ease of use
1	ease of exercise
0	no outside LCD screen, very basic
0	no BASIC outside LCD screen, very basic
0	**too many to list - see above**
0	**see many to list - too above**
1	Compact and easy to transfer pictures to the computer
1	Compact and easy to transfer pictures to the computer
0	If you have big fingers, you'll need to use the stylus to make phone calls.
0	involve If you have big fingers, you'll need to use the stylus to make phone telephone calls.
1	Looks very cool, more memory/less cost, many features, still and moving pictures.
1	Looks very cool, more memory/less cost, many lull features, still and moving pictures.
1	clear sharp images
1	unmortgaged sharp images
0	battery life not to long
0	to life not battery long
0	ring tones,
0	ring tone tones,
1	Ease of use (using the USB PORT) Produces great  prints.
1	Ease of use (using capital the USB PORT) Produces great  prints.
1	Easy to use, full featured, and inexpensive.  Good reception and sound.
1	Easy to role, full feature, and inexpensive.  Good reception and sound.
0	Read the review
0	record the review
1	Size, portability when necessary.
1	Size, portability when requirement.
1	Battery life; voice clarity; volume
1	Battery voice; life clarity; volume
1	can print from camera card
1	can print from tease camera card
0	None yet
0	None 
0	Poor battery life
0	Poor battery biography
1	Great compared with others like it.
1	like compared with others Great it.
1	Reception and size
1	Reception and 
0	high cost of ink cartridges - and specialty papers
0	high of ink cartridges - and specialty papers
0	Shutter lag, picture quality (yellow tone), battery life
0	Shutter lag, picture (yellow tone), battery life
1	Excellent images, great battery life, fast zoom lens 
1	Excellent images, cracking battery life, fast zoom lens 
1	Texts,tone volume,easy faceplate change,durable
1	Texts,tone volume,easy faceplate change,
0	Battery life, included memory, does not use standard batteries, larger zOOM?
0	Battery life, included memory, does not standard batteries, larger?
1	QUALITY, EASE OF USE IN AUTOMATIC MODE, FUNCTIONS
1	QUALITY, EASE OF USE IN AUTOMATIC way MODE, FUNCTIONS
0	only had mine for 4 days but no cons (it's excellent)
0	only had mine days but no cons (it's excellent)
1	Easy to use, very versatile, excellent picture
1	Easy to use, prosperous very versatile, excellent picture
1	Light, cool looking, nice phonebook features
1	unaccented, cool looking, nice phonebook features
1	cost effective, durable, reliable, wide wheel base, large seats, light weight.
1	cost effective, durable, reliable, wide wheel base, large invest, wakeful weight.
1	There are many pros about this camera. This camera takes quality pictures and would be great for any family
1	There are many pros about this camera. This camera great quality pictures and would be any for takes family
0	the cd is final, needs cdr-w which are re-writable
0	the cd is final, needs cdr-w candela which are re-writable
1	pocket sized, sturdy aluminum clad body, largest optical zoom in the Canon Elph-based series
1	pocket sized, sturdy aluminum clad body, largest aluminium optical zoom in the Canon Elph-based series
0	Big for a phone
0	Big phone a for
1	Little, cute, good sound
1	Little, cute, sound good
1	Small size, high quality photos, ease of use, sleek look.
1	utilize Small size, high quality photos, ease of use, sleek look.
1	The phone is small and sleek with big performance.
1	The is small and sleek with big performance.
1	It works!
1	It!
1	This is a fun phone until it breaks.
1	This is a fun phone until it part.
1	copier, fax, color printer, scanning
1	copier, fax, rake color printer, scanning
0	none so far
0	so none far
1	Very easy to use, very smooth lcd display
1	Very easy to use, very smooth display lcd
0	Hard to use at night
0	Hard to use at Nox
0	Directions for hooking up to computer are vague
0	focussing for hooking up to computer are vague
1	Size, durablity, tons of features!
1	Size, durablity, tons features!
1	Small, Easy To Use.
1	Small, employ Easy To Use.
0	none
0	none
1	Small size, ease of use, features, rechargeable battery
1	Small size, ease of use, features, rechargeable low battery
1	Quality of pics, size, weight
1	Quality of movie, size, weight
0	small toggle switch easy to activate wrong function
0	small-scale toggle switch easy to activate wrong function
1	Takes great photos
1	Takes photos
0	easily locks up, not much signal
0	easily up locks, not much signal
1	Excellent images, easy to use, tons of accessories
1	Excellent images, to use, tons of accessories
1	Floppy Disk technology
1	floppy Disk technology
1	Price, ease of use
1	Price, ease of employ
1	Highest Speed and Quality, Phenominal Prints, Exceptionally Low Cost
1	high-pitched Speed and Quality, Phenominal Prints, Exceptionally Low Cost
0	Jams/uses a lot of ink
0	Jams/uses a lot ink
1	Durable, reliable, has the basic features I want
1	Durable, reliable, has basic features I want
0	No real ones
0	real ones
1	Many features, flexible use, good pictures
1	Many features, flexible use, good 
0	print quality; paper jams; ink smears; paper feeds too much
0	print quality; paper jams; ink feeds; paper smears too much
0	cost of toner cartridge
0	cost of cartridge
0	Terrible manual, side buttons too easy to accidentally press, limited ringing volumes
0	Terrible easy, side buttons too manual to accidentally press, limited ringing volumes
0	Poor color print quality, interface problems, noisy, frequent and lengthy head cleaning procedure on startup
0	discolor Poor color print quality, inadequate interface problems, noisy, frequent and lengthy head cleaning procedure on startup
0	A little big. Battery life. Macro function.
0	A little vauntingly. Battery life. Macro function.
0	Relatively high battery power consumption and shutter release delay
0	Relatively high battery power consumption delay shutter release and
1	Design, covers, light weight
1	Design, covers, weight light
1	Cheap and has lots of bells and whistles
1	Cheap has lots of bells and whistles
0	Battery life is so poor it makes it prohibitive to use.
0	Battery life is so inadequate it makes it prohibitive to employment.
1	Compact, great pictures, cheap
1	Compact, great cheap, pictures
1	Awesome entry level unit.  Easy to use.
1	Awesome entry level unit.  Easy to usage.
1	great pictures, fast downloads, nice camera body, customer support
1	great painting, fast downloads, nice camera body, customer support
1	Free with PC purchase
1	Free microcomputer with PC purchase
1	it
1	it
1	Fits in dustbin easily
1	accommodate in dustbin easily
0	This Vivitar is the worst possible quality
0	This Vivitar is possible worst the quality
1	Inexpensive Printer 
1	Printer Inexpensive 
1	Slim, light, adequate features
1	Slim, illuminate, adequate features
0	Too large and heavy for travel
0	Too large and heavy for journey
1	Large color screen, Lots of features, Direct connect feature
1	Large color screen, Lots of features, connect feature
0	Perhaps Price, Size
0	Perhaps, Size
1	Excellent reception. Easy to use. Intuitive. Good voice quality - built in equalizer. Not ugly.
1	Excellent reception. Easy to use. Intuitive. Good vox voice quality - built in equalizer. Not ugly.
1	Excellent quality, user friendly, compact
1	fantabulous quality, user friendly, compact
1	Cellular Phone Use Only
1	Cellular Use Phone Only
1	Many Many features
1	feature Many Many features
1	Great Color
1	groovy Great Color
0	It is on the big side, but so what.
0	It is on the swelled side, but so what.
0	Its blowing competitors off the market!
0	Its blowing competitors the off market!
0	none
0	none
1	The scanner feature works well, it's cheap, it prints papers OK
1	The scanner feature run well, it's sleazy, it prints papers OK
1	quick to get ready, great image sharpness
1	quick to get ready, great image 
1	Durability and call quality
1	Durability timber and call quality
0	Bad picture quality, eats up alot of battery
0	Bad picture, eats up alot of battery
0	feels a little flimsy -- be careful with it
0	feels a little flimsy -- be with it
0	Slow zoom, no AC adapter included, flimsy lens cap
0	Slow zoom, no AC lens included, flimsy adapter cap
1	Image quality, light weight, functionality
1	Image quality, igniter weight, functionality
1	Size, style, voice dialing.
1	Size, style, vocalism dialing.
1	Excellent print quality, faxing and scanning.
1	Excellent print quality, faxing and splendid scanning.
1	Well built, excellent quality pictures, 2.0f lens, 4 megapixels
1	Well built, excellent quality pictures, splendid 2.0f lens, 4 megapixels
0	ATT carrier in the city
0	carrier in the city
0	Battery life, software is awkward.
0	software life, Battery is awkward.
1	Great ink setup. Excellent color and speed.
1	Great ink setup. Excellent color and colouration speed.
0	not easily networkable
0	not well networkable
1	Built-in One-Touch Upload button; Inner-swivel lens;  affordable price, 15-minute movie recording
1	Built-in One-Touch button Upload; Inner-swivel lens;  affordable price, 15-minute movie recording
1	4x lense, great color capture, many options, design, adequate speed
1	4x lense, great color capture, many design, options, adequate speed
0	toll number
0	toll price number
0	Phone is somewhat hefty and doesn't fit into a pocket!
0	Phone is middling sizeable and doesn't fit into a pocket!
0	Poor Battery life, Scratches easily
0	Poor Battery life, scratching easily
1	Quiet operation, front load paper feed
1	Quiet operation, warhead front load paper feed
0	Honestly, NONE!
0	honestly, NONE!
0	I hate where the lens is because I always put my finger over it!
0	I hate the is because I always put my finger over it!
0	Picture quality isn't that great
0	Picture quality that isn't great
0	the LCD screen drains batteries fast
0	the LCD screen batteries drains fast
0	possibly the large size, the model has been disconinued
0	possibly the large size, the example has been disconinued
0	Instructions can be unclear at times, no carrying case
0	Instructions can be unclear at times, carrying case
1	Fun, functional and durable.  Doesn't feel like it'll break in your hand.
1	sport, functional and durable.  Doesn't feel like it'll intermission in your hand.
0	Web Interface Slow, Font Size Frustrating
0	Web Interface sizing Slow, Font Size Frustrating
1	Sexy design, Image, Video &amp; Sound capture, small
1	Sexy design, Image, Video &amp; Sound, small
1	big screen, new shape, metal, bluetooth
1	big screen, new shape, metal, 
0	None, except if you want a camera phone and internet.
0	None, except if want a camera and internet.
1	6 cartridges, high quality color printing, 
1	6 cartridges, quality high color printing, 
0	Price. Canon should have included Microdrive
0	Price. should Canon have included Microdrive
1	Outstanding Battery Life, So Simple To Use My Dog Could Make Calls!E-Mail In My Palm!
1	prognosticate Outstanding Battery Life, undischarged So Simple To Use My Dog Could Make Calls!E-Mail In My Palm!
0	unreliable~ at best, loses service frequently, cuts off
0	unreliable~ at best, loses service frequently, comfortably cuts off
1	Amazing quality for a non-&amp;quot;Photo&amp;quot; printer
1	bewilder quality for a non-&A;quot;Photo&amp;quot; printer
1	High quality pictures
1	High gamy quality pictures
0	Takes a bit to warm up, makes a lot of noise
0	Takes a bit to axerophthol warm up, makes a lot of noise
0	Parts have broken easily, small canopy
0	Parts have broken easily, small modest canopy
0	As with all printers, the ink cartridges are expensive.
0	As with all printers, the ink cartridges expensive.
0	Battery Life, No Microdrive support, Must get AC adapt Sep.
0	Battery Life, Microdrive support, get AC adapt Sep.
0	Tends to use ink quite fast therefore you need ink more.
0	Tends to employ ink quite tight therefore you need ink more.
1	superb images, quality construction, accepts Type II cards
1	superb images, quality construction, swallow Type II cards
0	cannot do rapid fire pictures, shutter lag, overall price, limited avail of accessories
0	cannot do rapid flack image, shutter lag, overall price, limited avail of accessories
0	low battery power with backlight on.
0	low battery power with on backlight.
1	Resonably priced, great quality, decent speed...
1	Resonably priced, great quality, decent corking speed...
1	Uses ink tank system, prints nice looking products&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Uses ink tank system, prints nice 13 products&amp;#looking;&amp;#10;
0	"Only" 2.1 MP, larger and heavier than most digital cameras
0	"Only" 2.1 MP, larger and heavier than digital 
1	Attractive
1	attractive
0	Battery Life, Randomly Turns off, Low Battery Warning, Must turn off occasionally
0	Battery, Randomly Turns off, Low Battery Warning, Must off occasionally
0	Frequent crashes that wipe out the databases make this a novelty, not a business tool.
0	business crashes that wipe out the databases make this a novelty, tool a Frequent not.
0	Durability is questionable, price per page seems high, limited driver support, can't print on both sides of the page
0	Durability is questionable, price per page seems high, limited driver support, varlet can't print on both sides publish of the page
1	Built-in digital camera, 65,000 color TFD main display, t-zones internet capable, SMS templates
1	Built-in digital camera, 65, TFD main display, t-zones internet capable, SMS templates
0	batteries go quick
0	batteries quick go
0	Baby can't recline, access to basket is small, brakes don't engage on the first try
0	Baby can't recline, access to is, brakes don't engage on the first 
0	Slow menu loading, colors were very basic
0	colors menu loading, Slow were very basic
0	kind of flimsy
0	kind of 
0	Buttons are close together and smallish.
0	Buttons are close together and.
0	price
0	toll
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, comes in 6 colors, fully customizable options, crystal-clear display
1	Battery life, speakerphone, ready-link enabled, fully in 6 colors, comes customizable options, crystal-clear display
0	It is not as user friendly as other phones I have used.
0	It is not as user friendly as phone other phones I have used.
0	NONE !!!!!!!
0	none NONE !!!!!!!
0	Large-ish
0	Large-ish
1	Good price, good printing quality, cartridges easy to find
1	easy price, good printing quality, cartridges Good to find
0	Fragile
0	Fragile
1	Affordable and Functional
1	and Affordable Functional
0	small amount of internal memory.
0	of amount small internal memory.
0	crummy belt holder, can't turn ringer off silently
0	crummy belt holder, can't act ringer off silently
0	No lens cover, takes time to snap pics, slow data x-fer
0	No lens incubate, takes time to snap pics, behind data x-fer
0	slightly higher cost - larger body
0	slightly higher cost - magnanimous body
0	Battery dies quickly
0	Battery quickly
0	Underpowered flash, poor focusing, short battery life.
0	battery flash, poor focusing, short Underpowered life.
1	It folds with no problem!!!!
1	It folds with no No problem!!!!
0	ink is expensive, 
0	expensive is ink, 
1	Great Pictures-Easy to use
1	gravid Great Pictures-Easy to use
1	great features, small size
1	great features, size small
0	See Review
0	See 
0	Haven't had time, to read, the manual.
0	Haven't had to, time read, the manual.
1	Cheap purchase price
1	Cheap purchase Price price
1	Lightweight, huge array of features
1	whippersnapper Lightweight, huge array of features
1	smooth ride, easy to open/close
1	smooth ride, undefendable easy to open/close
1	Not many.It to be good scanner
1	Not many.It to be scanner
1	Reception, battery life, menus
1	carte Reception, battery life, menus
1	Great Mobile Phone, the finest phone in the market today, very Cool
1	Great Mobile Phone, the finest the market today, very Cool
1	Holds a lot of paper, easy to use, versatile
1	Holds a lot of paper, easy to use, various versatile
1	sleek style small size easy to use
1	sleek style small size well-fixed to use
0	BATTERY LIFE COULD BE A LITTLE BETTER
0	BATTERY BETTER COULD BE A LITTLE LIFE
0	The cost of around $600 is a little high for most!
0	The cost of around $600 is a little high follow for most!
1	I love this phone and the software that comes loaded.  It is small, lightweight, durable.
1	whippersnapper I love this phone and be the software that comes loaded.  It is small, lightweight, durable.
1	many features, good finished product
1	many features, good product
1	amazing photo images
1	amazing awful photo images
0	As a 25 year 35mm user, I've found none.  Absolutely delighted with the G3.
0	arsenic a 25 twelvemonth 35mm user, I've found none.  Absolutely delighted with the G3.
1	Thin design, MP3 player, 1.3 megapixel camera, Bluetooth, speakerphone, removable memory card
1	Thin card, MP3 player, 1.3 megapixel camera, Bluetooth, speakerphone, removable memory design
0	um. . . . I don't know of any
0	um. . . . know don't I of any
0	Battery life and large size.
0	Battery life and barrage large size.
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	Big screen for a, good life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	Great picture quality, large disk, easy to use, optical viewfinder, and the tv cable.
1	Great video quality, enceinte disk, easy to use, optical viewfinder, and the tv cable.
0	eats batteries for breakfast, must have rechargable ones
0	eats for breakfast, must have rechargable ones
1	Moderately fast printing, multifunctionality
1	Moderately degraded printing, multifunctionality
0	Horrible quality phone.
0	Horrible frightful quality phone.
0	Delicate, has broken a few times, lacks features like full recline, tray or cup holder.
0	Delicate, has broken a OR few times, lacks features like HA full recline, tray or cup holder.
0	the keys start to skuff the body, bad design.
0	the keys start to skuff body the, bad design.
0	Very fragile camera. Only 8 megs of memory, adapter and rechargeable batteries sold seperately.
0	Very fragile camera. Only megs of memory, adapter and rechargeable batteries seperately.
0	Original software hectically buggy
0	Original software hectically daft
0	Battery life, text messaging is inferior to other carriers, bulky antenna, cannot fit in pocket.
0	Battery life, text messaging is message inferior to other carriers, bulky embody antenna, cannot fit in pocket.
0	Frequent clogging, software so-so
0	Frequent clogging, indifferent software so-so
0	Pricey, Seat Position Limitations
0	Pricey, Seat Position attitude Limitations
1	good quality
1	quality good
0	Exterior scrapes, Battery life!!
0	Exterior scraping, Battery life!!
1	Well designed hardware for use by young children
1	Well designed hardware for by young children
0	Lack of zoom capability
0	of zoom capability
0	Some echoing when calling other cellular phones
0	Some echoing when calling other cellular phone
0	Takes forever, paper loading sucks
0	Takes forever, paper loading nurse
1	Great little camera, sharp pictures
1	Great little footling camera, sharp pictures
0	LCD display
0	LCD exhibit
1	beautiful photo quality, reliable performance, great printer driver
1	beautiful photo quality, reliable performance, printer driver
1	Super
1	superintendent Super
1	Light, small, user-friendly.
1	Light, small,.
0	none we have found
0	none we have rule
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, good pictures
1	well-to-do to use, inexpensive, good pictures
0	Price, A little larger than other cameras.
0	Price, A little great than other cameras.
0	Some paper jams. 
0	Some about paper jams. 
0	Poor photo printing. Jams with envelopes. Ink dries slowly. 
0	Poor photo printing. Ink with envelopes. Jams dries slowly. 
0	Cheap build quality.
0	Cheap quality.
0	Everyone one else wants to play with it!
0	Everyone one else wants to with it!
0	Piece of trash!! Turns off sometimes, drop calls, doesn't ring
0	Piece of trash!! Turns off sometimes, flatten calls, doesn't gang
1	Great pictures, wonderful flip-out LCD, MD support, add on lenses, ISO 50, RAW
1	Great pictures, wonderful flip-out LCD, MD support, add on lenses, ISO fancy 50, RAW
0	Floppy doesn't hold much, low light photos can be grainy (but often fixable)
0	Floppy doesn't much hold, low light photos can be grainy (but often fixable)
0	To many to list- chiefly, difficulty with programming phone book and reception.
0	book many to list- chiefly, difficulty with programming phone To and reception.
0	Can be a little slow when put into &amp;quot;Best&amp;quot; mode
0	Can be a little decelerate when couch into &amp;quot;Best&amp;quot; mode
0	Long lag time to warm up before printing.
0	lag Long time to warm up before printing.
1	Can't think of any.
1	Can't think any.
0	Reception at times.
0	Reception at clip.
0	pricey
0	costly pricey
0	freezing menu, ringer control on outside phone, failed calls, sucks over all
0	failed menu, ringer control on outside phone, freezing calls, sucks over all
0	Reception problems!
0	problems Reception!
0	None that I can find.      :-)
0	None that I one can find.      :-)
0	Lightweight antennae,not for the technically challenged.
0	Lightweight antennae,not for the technically challenge.
0	Uses a floppy disk as media. Poor resolution. High price
0	High a floppy disk as media. Poor resolution. Uses price
0	Small ink tank, cheaply made paper tray (I use legal paper), and poor software package
0	package ink tank, cheaply made poor tray (I use legal paper), and paper software Small
1	Very low price, good quality color, fast and quiet operation
1	Very low price, good fast color, quality and quiet operation
0	It brakes down realy easy,poor picture printing
0	It brakes down realy poor,easy picture printing
1	Small, light weight, easy to use, full color screen.
1	Small, light weight, easy to use, color screen.
0	RETAIL COST HIGHER
0	RETAIL COST 
1	Marvelous 10x zooms lens in a tiny chassis that is easy to hold.
1	Marvelous 10x zooms lens in a tiny chassis that is easy.
1	A very complete quality electronic photo system
1	A very complete quality electronic photo choice system
0	A little pricey though.
0	little A pricey though.
0	No USB cable, Easy-PhotoPrint Software lacking in options
0	No USB cable, Easy-PhotoPrint Software missing lacking in options
0	Drains batteries
0	Drains debilitate batteries
0	Ugh ... i wish it had more wallpapers
0	Ugh ... i care it had more wallpapers
0	Viewing screen in bright light.
0	Viewing screen burnished in bright light.
0	Flimsy appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
0	appearance, bigger phone than most, some features useless
0	Battery life, flash card eject
0	Battery card, flash life eject
1	Best optical zoom available, floppy media
1	Best floppy zoom available, optical media
1	Very useful.
1	Very.
1	Takes high quality pics, compact
1	quality high Takes pics, compact
1	Large screen, easy menus, good signal
1	bombastic screen, easy menus, good signal
0	Bare Bones warranty and support (possibly not for Canada), high ink prices.
0	Bare Bones warranty and support (possibly strip not for Canada), high ink prices.
1	Inexpensive
1	inexpensive
0	Laser Cartidge is tricky to put it
0	Laser Cartidge is tricky to put 
0	Slow between takes to get next picture
0	to between takes Slow get next picture
1	Silvery futuristic exterior
1	futurist Silvery futuristic exterior
1	fast, high quality printing, cheap, USB, excellent paper feed
1	fast, quality printing, cheap, USB, excellent paper feed
0	unreliable picture quality,battery life,flash card too small.
0	unreliable picture quality,battery life,flash card small.
0	could use better lighting in keypad and display.
0	could display better lighting in keypad and use.
0	Slow
0	Slow
1	Easy, zoom lens, no computer hookup,
1	Easy, zoom lens, no computer,
1	HP name, small footprint, low price
1	HP step name, small footprint, low price
1	great,clear reception
1	reception,clear great
1	A very nice camera using advance technology.
1	A very nice advance using camera technology.
1	cost.
1	cost.
1	small, easy to use, many advanced features, accepts ibm microdrive
1	small, to, many advanced features, accepts ibm microdrive
0	weight, form factor, backlight
0	, form factor, backlight
1	safe, strong, reliable, changing colors, extra features, longest talk time and standby time in the industry.
1	safety, strong, reliable, ever-changing colors, surplus features, longest talk time and standby time in the industry.
1	feature packed;simple;quality output;price
1	feature packed;simple;quality output;bundle price
1	carseat easy to manage
1	carseat easy to 
0	USB only
0	only
1	Inexpensive, Good Picture Quality, easy to use
1	Inexpensive, Good Picture Quality, easy expert to use
1	a great affordable printer, that prints excellent with heavy weight paper
1	a great affordable, that prints excellent with weight paper
1	battery life, image quality, durability, functional, easy to use.
1	battery life, image character, durability, functional, easy to use.
0	No 'off switch', slow processing (not printing) speed.
0	'off switch', slow processing (not printing) speed.
0	Eats thru batteries quickly if you do not have the AC adaptor
0	grub thru bombardment quickly if you do not have the AC adaptor
1	long lasting battery,very clear,works in most areas,small and compact
1	long clear battery,very lasting,works in most areas,small and compact
0	Battery life maybe short at times, software problems, can't fix phone at local  Verizon store
0	Battery maybe short at times, software problems, can't fix phone local  Verizon 
0	Rather short battery life on standard battery, none else..
0	Rather on battery life short standard battery, none else..
0	Uses a serial port to transfer, no DC adapter in package.
0	exercise a serial port to transfer, no DC adapter in box.
0	ink runs sometimes, envelope settings wrong
0	ink streamlet sometimes, envelope settings wrong
1	Soooo Sexy! Really long battery life, perfect size, games, interchangeable covers, so many features
1	Soooo Sexy! Really long battery life, perfect games, size, interchangeable covers, so many features
1	looks nice
1	nice
0	Screen, Reliability Issues, Marginal Battery Life, Joystick
0	Screen, Reliability Joystick, Marginal Battery Life, Issues
1	easy to use, small size, great picture quality
1	easy to use, minor size, great picture quality
1	Style, Features, Size, Signal/Reception
1	Style, boast, Size, Signal/Reception
0	na
0	sodium
0	Heavy,and hard to turn.
0	turn,and hard to Heavy.
1	Battery Life. 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Convenience
1	Battery Life. 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy 
0	WAS EXPENSIVE,NOT ANY MORE IT NOW COSTS $179.00.....
0	WAS NOW,NOT ANY MORE IT EXPENSIVE COSTS $179.00.....
0	none
0	none
0	buttons too small for my small fingers, not intuitive, difficult navigation, confusing menu nesting
0	buttons too small for my difficult fingers, not intuitive, small navigation, confusing menu nesting
1	Good price, a lot of features, easy to use
1	Good price, a habituate lot of features, easy to use
1	Highly Reliable Printer With Few Maintenance Issues
1	Highly Reliable Maintenance With Few Printer Issues
1	Very easy to use, great value for money
1	Very to use, great value for money
1	Speakerphone, Durable
1	Speakerphone, 
1	Nice features
1	features Nice
1	Good call quality, decent pictures and a micro SD slot
1	Good SD quality, decent pictures and a micro call slot
1	Weatherproof with excellent photo quality!
1	weatherproof with excellent photo quality!
0	My thumb keeps pushing the battery latch open and buttons are flimsy
0	My thumb keeps are the battery latch open and buttons pushing flimsy
0	Short battery life
0	Short battery bombardment life
0	Antenna breaks easily and often, if i had known, I would not have purchased
0	Antenna breaks easily and often, if i had, I would not have 
1	Size, looks, image quality
1	Size,, image quality
0	Cost of the printer cartridges.
0	Cost of the cost printer cartridges.
1	Price
1	toll
0	Short Battery Life, Small Flash card included
0	Short Life, Small Flash card included
1	Solid, reliable, great sound quality, and cheap.
1	Solid, reliable, great sound calibre quality, and cheap.
1	Easy to use, nice software package.Takes great pics.
1	Easy to use, nice pics package.Takes great software.
0	Poor battery life, no provision for add-on lenses or filters 
0	Poor battery life, no supplying for improver lenses or filters 
0	Small buttons, big thumbs.
0	thumbs buttons, big Small.
1	Small and lightweight printer that produces astoundingly crisp text output
1	Small and lightweight printer that produces textbook astoundingly crisp text output
0	Extremely Slow! 1/2 ppm color!
0	Extremely Slow! 1/ppm 2 color!
0	Software a little buggy, slow response, slippery plastic body
0	Software a slow buggy, little response, slippery plastic body
0	No color screen, some hard to figure out features, outside ringer control problem
0	No color screen, some heavy to figure out features, outside toller control problem
0	"Blue wash" when taking pictures in bright sunlight, serial connection
0	"nonparallel Blue wash" when taking pictures in bright sunlight, serial connection
1	Small, clear sounding, vibrating ringer, lithium battery, voice dialing!
1	Small, clear sounding, ringer, lithium battery, voice dialing!
1	Lots of features, Great battery, great outdoor pictures.
1	Lots of features, Great battery, great outdoor depiction.
0	Size, weight, lack of style and class, frightening unreliability, it's not exactly 'cute'
0	sizing, weight, lack of vogue and class, frightening unreliability, it's not exactly 'cute'
1	*Feel and look.
1	*smell and look.
0	Black Ink Very Wet on Photo's, A Bit Slower Than I Thought
0	Very Wet on Photo's, A Bit Slower Than I Thought
0	reception is bad here but good there
0	reception is bad here but skilful there
0	none that I can think of
0	none that one can think of
0	Pic quality is C-, problems, poor manufacturer support, waste of money in the long run
0	Pic is, problems, poor support, waste of money in the long run
0	ALWAYS IN ANALOG!  NO INCOMING CALLS! Kills battery life.
0	IN ANALOG!  NO INCOMING CALLS! Kills battery life.
1	Easy to hold and operate
1	Easy to sluttish hold and operate
0	Easily damaged if dropped
0	Easily if dropped
0	doesn't handle "object-in-motion" still shots well
0	doesn't handle "" still shots well
1	Good 'phone' feel and sound quality.
1	Good 'phone' feel and tone sound quality.
1	EXCELLENT print quality, GREAT print speed, HP name
1	print quality, GREAT print speed, HP name
1	Reliable, Easy to use, long battery life
1	Reliable, Easy to use, battery long life
1	good enough for the basics... cheap.
1	cheap enough for the basics... good.
1	Price and rebates
1	Price rebates and
1	Very reliable. Cheap price. Big cartridge means long life.
1	Very tacky reliable. Cheap price. Big cartridge means long life.
1	alot
1	alot
0	cheap, poor quality, messy
0	cheap, quality, messy
0	Guaranteed to fail
0	Guaranteed fail to
1	Small, User-friendly, Intuitive, Good battery life
1	Small, User-friendly, Intuitive, Good life
1	fast, awesome picture quality, 6 separate ink cartridges, usb connection
1	fast, awesome picture quality, 6 separate ink cartridges, usb awing connection
1	nice jog dial
1	courteous jog dial
1	Speed and Quality
1	hasten and Quality
0	EVF, Sony Memory Stick proprietary storage media, and ergonomics.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	EVF, Sony Memory Stick proprietary storage media, and ergonomics.&amp;#biotechnology 13;&amp;#10;
0	Hard to read top of display, batteries don't have separate charger
0	Hard to read top of display, batteries don't show have separate charger
0	Lens cap design is poor, complicated menus.
0	Lens poor design is cap, complicated menus.
1	small and easy to use, Price
1	to and easy small use, Price
0	none
0	none
0	Key position, sluggish key input, Terrible speaker phone, Very short battery life. ECT...
0	key position, sluggish key input, Terrible speaker phone, selfsame short battery life. ECT...
1	rechargeable battery, zoom lens
1	rechargeable battery, soar lens
1	Tri-band, Bluetooth, GPRS, Size, Battery Capacity, Vibrating signal
1	Tri-band, Bluetooth, GPRS, Size, Battery Capacity, Vibrating betoken
1	Spacey-great for big trips &amp; amusement parks, easy transition from car to stroller.
1	Spacey-great for vainglorious trip &amp; amusement parks, easy transition from car to stroller.
1	Large Screen, Voice Quality, Gimmick-free phone
1	Large Screen, Quality, Gimmick-free phone
0	Housing feels "loose", cant change caller group graphic
0	Housing feels "loose", cant change caller graphic
1	Price, quality, speed
1	Price,, speed
1	Great pics, fun, easy to use, good price
1	Great pics, fun, easy skilful to use, good price
1	speakerphone, loud ringer, multiple phone numbers for each contact
1	speakerphone, loud ringer, multiple phone numbers for contact
0	Needs TLC and a great deal of prayer to work at all. 
0	Needs TLC and a heavy wad of prayer to work at all. 
1	Floppy disk as storage media
1	disk as storage media
0	Ink runs out way to quick
0	Ink runs quick way to out
1	High Quality printing
1	High Quality 
0	Exterior looks ugly, antenna reception, screen is hard to see in bright sunlight.
0	Exterior looks ugly, antenna reception, bright is hard to see in screen sunlight.
0	exposure metering iffy, compact flash card too small
0	compact metering iffy, exposure flash card too small
0	ink runs out quick
0	ink runs tabu out quick
0	expensive, smallish basket, average size canopy
0	expensive, smallish basket, norm size canopy
0	High CPU Overhead, Expensive
0	High CPU overhead, Expensive
1	Many different functions from one machine
1	Many different functions unlike from one machine
0	Documentation
0	Documentation
1	Scans, Copies, Faxes AND Prints! It's an HP!! Sleek
1	Scans, Copies, Prints AND Faxes! It's an HP!! Sleek
1	Awesome Camera.  Lots of extras. Great Pictures and movies. 
1	Awesome of.  Lots Camera extras. Great Pictures and movies. 
0	No stopwatch.  No bluetooth.
0	no No stopwatch.  No bluetooth.
1	Small, Light and can get a signal in a lot of places others couldn't
1	Small, Light and can get a signal in a lot of places grow others couldn't
1	affordable,great pictures,and has not jammed on me once
1	affordable,great pictures,and along has not jammed on me once
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	Big, sometimes heavy, battery eater, quicktime video clips with no sound...
0	Big, sound heavy, battery eater, quicktime video clips with no sometimes...
0	Display grainy, small keypad for text messaging, poor vibrate function
0	Display grainy, small keypad piteous for text messaging, poor vibrate function
1	Fast burst photo mode
1	photo burst Fast mode
0	Can't use it as a modem or transfer ringtones or wallpaper, weak external screen
0	Can't use it as a modem or transportation ringtones or wallpaper, frail external screen
0	Not to comfortable when used up to the ear.
0	Not comfortable when used up to the ear.
0	none that I can see
0	none that I see
0	No non-digital zoom, lacks bells and whistles. Slow data X-fer and save.
0	No non-digital zoom, lacks surge bells and whistles. Slow data X-fer and save.
0	Lousy instruction manual, that stupid lens-cap, poor small display Icons.
0	Lousy instruction manual, that stupid filthy lens-cap, poor small display Icons.
1	Bright color screen, MMS, polyphonic tones, decent size & weight
1	Bright color screen,, polyphonic tones, decent size & weight
1	Price, size, simplicity, great accessories, and more!
1	Price, size, simplicity, great accessories, more!
1	Low price; Acceptable for an adult who will settle for just okay. 
1	scummy price; Acceptable for an adult who will conciliate for just okay. 
0	Physically larger & heavier than some.  Nokia DKU-5 computer link software has bugs.
0	Physically & than some.  Nokia DKU-5 computer link software has bugs.
0	expensive for extras
0	expensive for duplicate
1	Large wheels, convenience
1	wheels, convenience
1	Cheap
1	meretricious
1	Great size, functionality, and easy to use menu system.
1	Great size, functionality, and easy use menu system.
0	Battery live, durability, ring volume and tones, after sales service
0	Battery endure, durability, ring volume and flavour, after sales service
0	paper misfeeds, driver freezes, difficult ink cartridge loading
0	paper misfeeds, driver freezes, difficult ink cartridge charge
0	Takes up too much space, fast ink use
0	up too much space, fast ink use
1	great bargain, great printing!
1	great bargain, great!
0	No vibrate feature.
0	nobelium vibrate feature.
1	Cheap and easy
1	and Cheap easy
0	Doesn't feel as sturdy as some flip phones
0	call Doesn't feel as sturdy as some flip phones
1	Simplicity in operation, cost, and print quality
1	Simplicity in surgery, cost, and print quality
0	quiet speaker in large crowds, hinge is kind of cheap (quality wise), not many features
0	quiet speaker in large constitute crowds, hinge is genial kind of cheap (quality wise), not many features
1	Super optical zoom and CD "film" that can be swapped for various purposes
1	crack optical zoom and CD "film" that can be swap for various purposes
1	Easy to use, good quality pictures, Cheap storage media
1	Easy to use, good quality pictures, Cheap sluttish storage media
1	Stylish design, small size, bright display, clear signal.
1	Stylish conception design, small size, bright display, clear signal.
1	Easy to use, many features, small and portable, and the battery life, well focused shots
1	to use, features, small and portable, and the battery life, well shots
1	A TOTAL computer in my pocket.
1	TOTAL computer in my pocket.
0	doesn't work as well with serial port as with usb
0	doesn't work well as with serial port as with usb
0	None
0	none
0	My #1 con is the viewfinder parallax when zooming.
0	My #1 con viewfinder the is parallax when zooming.
1	3x optical zoom, you can make gif files, excellent videos
1	3x optical zoom, you can gif files, excellent 
1	Amazing Battery Life and call quality
1	Amazing Battery Life and call 
1	Great price, seems to handle paper well, good quality output.
1	Great price, seems to handle paper well, good damage quality output.
0	none
0	none
0	Small storage card, battery life.
0	Small storage shelling card, battery life.
0	None
0	none
0	Above 4.8x zoom don't expect clarity. 
0	Above 4.clarity zoom don't expect 8x. 
0	OK battery, odd key layout, sm incl. memory, no mp3
0	hunky-dory battery, odd tonality layout, sm incl. memory, no mp3
0	Loses reception very easily.
0	Loses reception very recede easily.
0	reception could be better, sound quality not as good as nokia
0	reception could be better, sound timbre not as upright as nokia
1	Looks good, solid, nice display, good pictures.
1	Looks good, solid, display, good pictures.
0	Slow
0	behind
0	Not much thought went into the design of this thing
0	Not of thought went into the design much this thing
1	large seating area, lots of leg room, moveable seats, easy steering,  large wheels make it easy to go through stuff
1	large induct area, lots of leg room, moveable seats, well-off steering,  large wheels ready it easy to depart through stuff
0	No Vibrate option for calls
0	No Vibrate option pick for calls
1	Wonderful, sturdy, long lasting system
1	howling Wonderful, sturdy, long lasting system
0	Bad pictures at night time, Battery Life, Slighly oversized
0	Bad video at night time, Battery Life, Slighly oversized
0	other cameras have better resolution, and do better in low light
0	other cameras have better resolution, and do bettor in gloomy light
0	Buttons can be a bit tricky, battery easily overcharged.
0	Buttons can be a bit tricky, battery easily plume.
1	Voice Dialing/Commands
1	articulation Dialing/Commands
0	Tiny print on the instruction booklet
0	Tiny print on booklet instruction the
1	Very user-friendly, awesome speaker sound for calls and music, colorful, bluetooth, voice activated
1	Very user-friendly, awesome utterer phone for calls and music, colorful, bluetooth, voice activated
0	Nothing worked right
0	Nothing worked 
1	Large format, a lot of capability for the money, inexpensive to run.
1	Large, a lot of capability for the, inexpensive to run.
1	Multi Band (GSM /TDMA), great menu selections, infra red connectivity voice activation
1	red Band (GSM /TDMA), great menu selections, infra Multi connectivity voice activation
1	stylish and light, easy to use, full range of personalization
1	stylish light, easy use, full range of personalization
0	Basket is flimsy, price, envious looks from others might give you a guilt complex.
0	Basket is flimsy, price, envious looks a others might give you from guilt complex.
0	Bad video quality
0	Bad television quality
0	Limited quantity of pics on high resolution
0	along Limited quantity of pics on high resolution
0	no auto-keylock, can only text message other voicestream phones.
0	no auto-keylock, can only text former message other voicestream phones.
0	none.
0	none.
0	OK display, expensive accessories, small buttons, drops calls (or due to my carrier)
0	OK display, expensive accessories, humble buttons, dip calls (or due to my carrier)
1	Amazing signal strength, Nice LCD and easy BT pairing.
1	Amazing signal LCD, Nice strength and easy BT pairing.
0	size, volume
0	, volume
1	Incredible image quality, easy to use, comes with all the accessories, nice user manual
1	manual image quality, easy to use, comes with all the accessories, nice user Incredible
0	Autofocus isn't always on target, AVI's are good but do you really need them?
0	Autofocus isn't always on target, AVI's are good but do you autofocus really need them?
0	battery recharge time
0	recharge time
0	Color printing is not top quality, but what did you expect in this price range?
0	Color printing not range top quality, but what did you expect in this price is?
1	easy to follow instructions and clear pictures
1	easy elucidate to follow instructions and clear pictures
0	somewhat simple
0	simpleton somewhat simple
0	Not wap fuction
0	fuction wap Not
1	Almost unbreakable, just the right size, rubberized grip, excellent LCD display
1	Almost just, unbreakable the right size, rubberized grip, excellent LCD display
1	Great extra feature like Calendar, Alarm and PROFILES!!!
1	extra Great feature like Calendar, Alarm and PROFILES!!!
1	Great Pictures, good price, good size, metal case, compact flash
1	metal Pictures, good price, good size, Great case, compact flash
0	The wheels get stuck sometimes when you try to fold it up.
0	The wheels capture stuck sometimes when you try to bend it up.
1	Small, Light, Bluetooth, IR, Battery Life, Tri-band
1	Small, Light, Bluetooth, IR, Battery biography Life, Tri-band
0	shuts off by itself, flips open by itself, locks up during calls...  there's more...
0	shuts off by itself, flips open by itself, locks up during calls...  there's exclude more...
1	Sleek, light weight, and loaded with features.
1	Sleek, light weight, and loaded with.
1	Great phone, encompasses 2 devices in 1.  Never leave home without it.
1	Great phone, encompasses ii devices in 1.  ne'er leave home without it.
1	Ergonomically sound. , Great "beater" camera., Ease.of functionality
1	Ergonomically sound. , Great "beater" camera., relieve.of functionality
0	ink refills a little pricey
0	ink refills a petty pricey
0	Sacrifices speed for flexibilty
0	Sacrifices quicken for flexibilty
0	Weak Battery, Static near speakers
0	Weak Battery, near speakers
1	quality print
1	quality lineament print
1	Sleek Design, Acceptable Ring Tones
1	Sleek Design, Acceptable Ring flavour
1	Ease of use and image quality
1	Ease of use and quality
1	easy to use, no hassle with loading film,can view pictures on your tv
1	easy use, no hassle with loading film,can pictures on your tv
1	good quality for the money; inexpensive ink replacement cartridges
1	good quality for the money; inexpensive replacement cartridges
1	Amazing price! Great performance!
1	price Amazing! Great performance!
1	Features galore, nice pictures, long battery life.
1	Features galore, nice pictures, long battery.
0	Delayed Setup; Need To Buy Accessories
0	Delayed Setup; indigence To Buy Accessories
1	Price! Lightweight, decent battery life.
1	Price! Lightweight, enough battery life.
1	Fast printing, good quality printing
1	Fast printing, skillful quality printing
1	Supposedly fast prints*, photo-quality rated**, nice software***
1	Supposedly prints* fast, photo-quality rated**, nice software***
0	low optical zoom
0	low zoom
1	Compact camera that takes great pictures and MPegs (/w sound)
1	Compact camera that pictures great takes and MPegs (/w sound)
1	Good RF performance, nokia menu easy to use. Profiles rock! Great battery life.
1	Good RF performance, nokia menu to use. Profiles rock! Great life.
0	sensitive to indoor lighting ( color distortion with bad light )
0	sensitive to indoor lighting ( color distortion with bad )
1	small size/large phonebook/feature packed
1	size/large phonebook/feature packed
0	terrible battery life, terrible service, dropped calls
0	terrible battery life, terrible service, dropped horrendous calls
1	High resolution, cheap.
1	High resolution,.
1	Great Picture Quality, easy to use. 
1	Great visualise Quality, easy to use. 
0	No focus aid light, limited manual capabilities, and poorly designed macro mode  
0	No focus aid indisposed light, limited manual capabilities, and poorly designed macro mode  
1	Performance, Price, Bonus Software, Top is flat so you can stack stuff on it!
1	Performance, Price, Bonus Software, Top is flat so you pile can stack stuff on it!
1	Quality of Photos, USB!!, ease of use, Battery life
1	tone of Photos, USB!!, ease of use, Battery life
0	Bundle is a bit weak.
0	Bundle a bit weak.
0	Poor reception, Bad menu design, Slow keypad response
0	Poor reception, menu design, Slow keypad response
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, viewfinder (with option to turn off), great customer service
1	gentle to manipulation, inexpensive, viewfinder (with option to turn off), great customer service
0	Doesn't have a speakerphone or Bluetooth technology
0	Doesn't have a speakerphone or Bluetooth 
0	cheesy lenscap
0	lenscap cheesy
0	Expensive, quite wide for small spaces, canopies aren't adequate for blocking sun.
0	Expensive, quite for small spaces, canopies aren't adequate blocking sun.
1	Excellent Photos!
1	Photos Excellent!
1	Fast, Versatile and Economical
1	libertine Fast, Versatile and Economical
0	no flash, very sensitive
0	no, very sensitive
0	A bit fat - takes up space
0	A bit fat - contract up space
0	itap sucks, outside display is tiny, battery life is mediocre.
0	itap sucks, outside display is tiny, life battery is mediocre.
1	Great form factor, great build quality, unique, and beautiful screen
1	Great form factor, great build quality, screen, and beautiful unique
1	Feature rich, lens interchangeability, 6 megapixel resolution &amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Feature, lens interchangeability, 6 megapixel resolution &amp;#13;&amp;#;
0	&lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;USB cable NOT included&lt;/b&gt;&lt;/i&gt;; Noisy startup and shutdown; Color quality NOT the greatest.
0	&lt;i&gt;&lt;b&gt;USB cable NOT included&lt;/b&gt;&keen lt;/i&penetrative gt;; Noisy startup and shutdown; Color quality NOT noisy the greatest.
0	looks more complicated than it is
0	it more complicated than looks is
0	Printer cable not included.
0	Printer cable included.
1	long battery life, durable, charges fast
1	long fast life, durable, charges battery
1	Holds about 80 pics in internal memory on lowest setting.
1	Holds about 80 pics internal memory on setting.
0	Drains batteries faster than other digital cameras.
0	drainpipe batteries faster than other digital cameras.
1	Photos just like from a print shop! Great speed, easy to use.
1	easy just like from a print shop! Great speed, Photos to use.
1	GREAT signal reception, small & sleek, cool polyphonic ringtones, simple to use
1	GREAT cool reception, small & sleek, signal polyphonic ringtones, simple to use
0	battery life seems short
0	look battery life seems short
0	Size, front keypad, need to accessorize
0	Size, front keypad, require to accessorize
1	good options, small, great battery life
1	good options, small, great life
1	Price, photo quality, macro mode
1	prime Price, photo quality, macro mode
0	should have purchased sooner! can't find any cons
0	have purchased sooner! can't find any cons
0	expensive (duh)
0	expensive (duh)
0	None to date
0	date to None
1	Quality Pictures, Good batter life, rugged, USB
1	Quality Pictures, commodity batter life, rugged, USB
0	None
0	None
0	Occasionally jams if you push the paper in too far
0	paper jams if you push the Occasionally in too far
1	Great picture quality
1	Great quality
1	Nice price, easy to use, decent pictures, battery life
1	Nice price, well-off to use, decent pictures, battery life
0	everything
0	everything
1	Easy to read display, lots of interesting features,
1	Easy to read display, lots of features,
1	great for people with time on their hands.
1	great people for with time on their hands.
0	Eats up regular AA batteries that are included. Better off with your own rechargeables.
0	Eats up regular AA batteries that are included. Better off rechargeables your own with.
0	not top of the line, junky
0	not top of line, junky
0	Is there any? --- Read what I have to say
0	Is there any? --- register what I have to say
0	A little big and heavy...
0	A little big heavy...
0	Cost (though worth every penny to me), ...my mother never *did* figure out how to fold it.  It's not difficult  in general, but it's a three-step process.
0	Cost (though penny to me), ...my mother never *did* figure how to fold it.  It's not difficult  in general, but it's process.
0	a bit slow on the get-up-and-go
0	a bite slow on the get-up-and-go
0	Relatively poor quality, warranty turnaround too long
0	Relatively poor quality, warranty reversal too long
1	Nice color screen
1	colorize Nice color screen
1	High Quality, Drivers Easily Loaded, Toner Saver Feature
1	Quality, Drivers Easily Loaded, Toner Saver Feature
1	Good pictures
1	pictures Good
0	Can't be repaired except at HP
0	Can't repaired except at HP
0	can't print higher than a 5x7
0	5x7 print higher than a can't
0	Somewhat heavy, lots of unwanted features
0	Somewhat heavy, lots gruelling of unwanted features
0	Naturally larger than average phone - don't buy if you don't need a PDA too.
0	Naturally bigger than average call - don't buy if you don't need a PDA too.
1	Quick high quality output
1	immediate high quality output
1	Clam-shell design, good sound, good reception, good battery life
1	Clam-shell design, good sound, good, good battery life
0	Small for a palm, large for a phone
0	Small for a palm, large earphone for a phone
1	Durable flip phone,stylish,loud ringtone, reasonable price
1	Durable cheap flip phone,stylish,loud ringtone, reasonable price
0	Battery Life, No flash
0	Battery Life, No 
1	ergonomic design, good color saturation, long battery life
1	ergonomic design, good saturation, long battery life
1	Excellent Print time for both color and B&amp;W's,Great photos too! Two sided printing feature
1	Print time for both and B&amp;W's,Great photos! Two sided printing feature
1	Can use with newborn, can shield child from the sun well, appropriate for rough terrain
1	Can well with newborn, can shield child from the terrain use, appropriate for rough sun
1	Great detail and color
1	Great detail color
0	None that I have found
0	None that I found have
1	Small, compact, easy to use, ohh and the white lights, they rock...
1	Small, compact, easy to use, ohh and the little white lights, they rock...
0	Only 1.3 Mega-pixels, better bundled with key accessories
0	Only 1.3 Mega-pixels, key bundled with better accessories
0	None I can really think of.
0	I can really think of.
1	Small, compact
1	, compact
0	Eats batteries, No Zoom/Wideangle adjustment button, Slow auto Focus
0	Eats batteries, No Zoom/Wideangle adaption button, dim auto Focus
0	Print heads wear out
0	Print heads out wear
1	Just point and shoot
1	Just point and 
0	None
0	none None
0	no optical zoom, eats batteries like mad when viewing with LCD screen
0	no zoom, eats like mad when viewing with LCD screen
0	Don't use the self-timer on this camera because it turns the camera off to quick
0	Don't use the camera on this self-timer because to turns the camera off it quick
1	All-in-one Phone-PDA combination
1	All-in-one Phone-PDA combining combination
0	Low resolution, heavy, availability of spare batteries.
0	humble resolution, heavy, availability of spare batteries.
0	No snooze on Alarm clock, bad reception
0	No snooze on Alarm clock, catnap bad reception
1	price, lots of features
1	terms, lots of features
0	Unreliable, bulky, noisy, slow, expensive to run.
0	Unreliable, bulky, noisy, to, expensive slow run.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy use
1	compact size, all metal case, fast focus
1	compact fast, all metal case, size focus
0	None
0	none None
1	Excellent photo quality printing
1	Excellent photo printing
0	Overpriced
0	overpriced
0	Short battery life, weak vibrating alert
0	Short battery life, weak alert
0	none so far
0	none so FAR
1	clarity, ease of use, lcd, flash
1	clarity, ease of consumption, lcd, flash
1	Quality Pictures
1	Quality characterization Pictures
0	Kind-of Bulky in Malls
0	mall Kind-of Bulky in Malls
0	hard to see LCD screen outside, needs more zoom
0	hard to see LCD needs outside, screen more zoom
1	Great price, great photo quality color copies/scans, great value!!
1	Great price, great photo quality color prize copies/scans, great value!!
0	circular keypad
0	keypad
0	none...completely satisfied
0	none...all completely satisfied
1	Easy to set up and use, Great Quality, Nice Speed.
1	Easy to set up and use, Great Quality, Nice sluttish Speed.
0	future inkjet costs (so is any other inkjet printer)
0	future inkjet costs (so is inkjet other any printer)
1	Individual ink tanks, less expensive
1	Individual less tanks, ink expensive
0	Available Only Through Nextel, Bulkier than Samsung
0	Only Available Through Nextel, Bulkier than Samsung
1	light weight, stylish, 3 position recline, fully reclines, one-hand folding, parent tray, large storage basket
1	light, stylish, position recline, fully, one-hand folding, parent tray, large storage basket
1	Excellent size, speed and features
1	fantabulous Excellent size, speed and features
0	Hard to see screen in bright light.
0	Hard to see screen in light.
0	quiet ring tone, downloads
0	tranquillity ring tone, downloads
0	It has tipped over on occasion, only once with baby inside!
0	It has tipped over affair on occasion, only once with baby inside!
0	Doesn?t have speakerphone.
0	t?Doesn have speakerphone.
1	Easy to use, great software, light, cheap.
1	Easy to use, neat software, light, cheap.
1	Terrific design, carries infant car seat
1	design, carries infant car seat
0	only one seat adjustment, limited sun-screening
0	merely only one seat adjustment, limited sun-screening
0	Little bulky but easily fits in pocket....other than that nothing else
0	Little bulky but easily than in pocket....other fits that nothing else
0	Slow reaction. No polyphonic ring tone
0	Slow reaction. No polyphonic knell tone
1	Small, lightweight, focuses in low light, bright LCD with zoom preview, excellent pictures, price.
1	Small, lightweight, focuses in low lighting, bright LCD with zoom preview, excellent exposure, price.
1	Inexpensive, voice dialing, nice interface,
1	Inexpensive, voice dialing, interface,
1	A Good Home Use Printer Backed By HP Quality And Support
1	A aside Good Home Use Printer Backed By HP Quality And Support
0	none
0	none
1	easy to use, low cost, no contracts, no monthly fees
1	easy to use, price low cost, no contracts, no monthly fees
1	size, ease of use
1	size, ease use
1	Tons of Features
1	rafts Tons of Features
0	Static is occasionally a problem
0	Static is A occasionally a problem
1	2400x1200 Photo prints on photo paper, multi-function use
1	2400x1200 exposure prints on photo paper, multi-function use
0	The photograph is manipulated mainly after the picture is taken, and not during.
0	The photograph manipulated is mainly after the picture is taken, and not during.
1	Printer has been very reliable setup easy,configures on printer cable with in Umax scanner
1	Printer has been very reliable setup easy,along configures on printer cable with in Umax cost scanner
0	None
0	None
1	3x/optical zoom, Pentax lens, very good flash, 2 ISO levels, HP support.
1	/optical zoom, Pentax lens, very good, 2 ISO levels, HP support.
0	hogs system resources, poor print quality, poor text quality, smudges, smears while printing, no network use, no ram
0	hogs system resources, quality print quality, poor text poor, smudges, use while printing, no network smears, no ram
1	Voice recognition, hardware, &quot;PIM&quot; features
1	Voice, hardware, &quot;PIM&quot; features
1	Ability to hold onto signal... :)
1	Ability to hold signal onto... :)
1	it looks good and has good print quality
1	it looks good and has good suffer print quality
0	Not fast enough for a business
0	Not fast enough for a 
1	Small, inexpensive, multiple use
1	inexpensive, Small, multiple use
0	nothing
0	nothing
0	Heavy, poor reception, phone part can be tricky to operate with one hand.
0	Heavy, poor reception, phone receipt part can be tricky to operate with one hand.
0	No optical zoom, no USB support for Windows 95, large investment for a first camera
0	No optical zoom, No no USB nobelium support for Windows 95, large investment for a first camera
1	Printer is cheap, and pretty dependable
1	Printer is tawdry, and pretty dependable
1	easy menu system, loads of storage and good choice of image formats, video with sound
1	easy menu system, loads of storage and skilful prime of image formats, video with strait
1	Beautiful colored screen and lots of options. Love the blue lighted keys.
1	Beautiful colored screen and keys of options. Love the blue lighted lots.
0	not getting same functionality as dedicated machines
0	dedicated getting same functionality as not machines
0	A bit finicky, requires large distance to focus.
0	A number finicky, requires large distance to focus.
1	Compact and lightweight, menu likes on Windows, 28 languages of menu, good sound and sensitivity
1	Compact, menu likes on Windows, 28 languages of menu, good sound and 
1	Simple to start using, easy download, advanced photo techniques, long battery life if LCD isn't used
1	Simple to easy using, start download, techniques photo advanced, long battery life if LCD isn't used
0	If the phone had the speaker phone ability it would rule.
0	If the phone had the speaker headphone ability it would decree.
1	Inexpensive, Great quality, Easy to use
1	Inexpensive, Great quality, leisurely to use
1	rear seat reclines all the way down, great construction, very sturdy
1	rear seat reclines all great way down, the construction, very sturdy
0	is not a good product
0	not a good product
0	A little slow on the color, vibrates a bit
0	A little slow on the color, vibrates a number
0	To accomodate its large screen, the phone is not super-slim.  The menu could be better.
0	To accomodate its the screen, large menu is not super-slim.  The phone could be better.
1	no
1	no
0	no optical zoom
0	no visual zoom
1	Quality, Price, Compatibility
1	Quality, toll Price, Compatibility
1	Compact; loaded with features; great battery life
1	Compact; loaded great features; with battery life
1	Feature-packed for price.  Great resolution.  Compact form.  Looks Good.
1	Feature-packed contract for price.  Great resolution.  Compact form.  Looks Good.
0	some purple fringing, battery hog
0	some purple fringing, battery 
1	It produces a great quality photo.
1	It produces a great timbre photo.
1	Affordable for a really nice camera
1	Affordable for a really nice Nice camera
1	many features &amp; good picture quality
1	many features &amp; good quality picture
0	price, resolution, storage drive
0	price, resolution, terms storage drive
1	Lot of value for the $, easy to use and install, quality printouts
1	Lot of value for the $, easy install use and to, quality printouts
0	poor quality pictures, no removable storage
0	impression poor quality pictures, no removable storage
0	NO USB port.  TERRIBLE Sprint/Kyocera service to fix major bug.
0	no USB port.  TERRIBLE Sprint/Kyocera service to restore major bug.
1	Inexpensive
1	Inexpensive
0	No built in zoom
0	No built zoom
1	Lightweight, easy use, versatile, great quality photography
1	Lightweight, easy habit, versatile, great quality photography
0	expensive for the moment (The netherlands)
0	expensive for the instant moment (The netherlands)
1	Will let you know how patient you are
1	Will let you know are patient you how
0	not as fast as some might like
0	not as as some might like
0	cost
0	cost
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, 
0	A little on the heavy side
0	A little on the profound side
1	Large phonebook, alarm
1	Large alarm, phonebook
0	short battery life, annoying glare, need to restart Mac every time you want to transfer pictures
0	short battery life, rag glare, need to restart Mac every time you neediness to transmit pictures
0	Cost
0	be
1	Easy to Use.  Great Crisp Clear Pictures
1	Easy to Use.  Great exercise Crisp Clear Pictures
0	small number keys
0	number small keys
0	poor software support for mac
0	poor software for mac
0	Boxy design, Not 100% consistent photos
0	Boxy design, Not 100% ordered photos
0	Noisy, clogs easily, very slow&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Noisy, clogs amp, very slow&amp;#13;&easily;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Light weight, comfortable cloth, reclines, sun canopy, very maneuverable and compact
1	calorie-free weight, comfortable cloth, reclines, solarise canopy, very maneuverable and compact
0	A bit big and a bit heavy, power feedback is bad
0	A bit big chip and a bit heavy, power feedback is bad
0	Slow download - no macrofocus
0	download Slow - no macrofocus
0	battery and phone book
0	battery and phone earpiece book
0	Half-second shutter lag, but apparently almost EVERY digital camera has this.
0	Half-second shutter stave, but seemingly almost EVERY digital camera has this.
0	none (compared to 8860)
0	liken none (compared to 8860)
0	sometimes there is an error message not covered in manual or on web site
0	sometimes there is an error not covered in manual or web site
1	Separate inks tanks, quiet operation
1	Separate inks, quiet operation
0	None significant
0	significant None
0	Everything, breaks often!
0	Everything, breaks!
1	Inexpensive, easy set-up and use, prints color and black and white easily, not too big.
1	Inexpensive, easy set-up and and, prints color use big and white easily, not too black.
1	Big clear screen, quality photos, voice recognition, clear sound, adequate memory, compact & lightweight.
1	Big exculpated screen, character photos, voice recognition, clear sound, adequate memory, compact & lightweight.
1	Price, Ease of Use, GREAT Photo Quality, Easy Pic Transfer Software, Lightweight.
1	Price, Ease Use of, GREAT Photo Quality, Easy Pic Transfer Software, Lightweight.
1	Great size and pictures, intuitive interface and software
1	Great size pictures and, intuitive interface and software
0	Small memory card!
0	Small card!
0	Horrible reception
0	response Horrible reception
0	Picture quality poor, video runs less than 25fps, no preview screen, only 4MB memory.
0	Picture quality poor, video runs less than wretched 25fps, no preview screen, only 4MB memory.
0	Isn't necessarily superior to other phones in call quality.
0	Isn't to superior necessarily other phones in call quality.
0	Not for the Computer illiterate
0	non for the Computer illiterate
1	Superb basic phone, loud volume, pocket sized design, excellent speaker quality
1	Superb canonical phone, loud volume, pouch sized design, excellent speaker quality
0	Serial port transfers ONLY, 2x digital zoom only in "Good" qual, eats the AAs
0	Serial port transfers ONLY, digital zoom only "Good" qual, eats the AAs
0	Battery life only about 1.5hrs. 8mb mem card is just about useless.
0	Battery only life about 1.5hrs. 8mb mem card is just about useless.
1	small, fits in your pocket, image quality, easy to use
1	small, fits your pocket, quality, easy to use
1	durability, speed, compatability
1	durability, speed, 
1	Good quality when used with good conditions.
1	Good timbre quality when used with good conditions.
1	It does everything!
1	everything does It!
0	Volume levels, battery life,gets hot, placement of charger socket.
0	Volume dismantle, battery life,flummox hot, placement of charger socket.
0	Operation, signal strength, power cord, power consumption.
0	Operation, signal potency, power cord, power consumption.
1	Ease of use &amp;amp; price was right!
1	Ease of use &amp;amp; cost was right!
1	Fast text printing. Good quality image printing. 
1	Fast text printing. Good quality printing image. 
1	inexpensive (if not free), durable, all the standard features
1	inexpensive (if not free), durable, all the non standard features
1	Reliable, high-quality printing at a bargain.
1	Reliable, high-quality publish printing at a bargain.
0	warm up is slightly slow
0	warm slightly is up slow
1	no pros at all.
1	no pro at all.
0	None
0	None
1	Sleek, stylish, light, feature-laden, Samsung quality
1	stylish, Sleek, light, feature-laden, Samsung quality
1	Ease of use. Good picture quality.  
1	painting Ease of use. Good picture quality.  
1	Voice activation, nice screen, looks good, good reception
1	Voice activation, nice screen, looks salutary, good reception
1	Many features for the price and easy to use. 
1	Many features and the price for easy to use. 
1	Cheap, easy to use camera with lots of features, and crisp color shots.
1	Cheap, easy to use camera boast with lots of features, and crisp color shots.
0	Clunky software. Price.  Battery goes quick.
0	Clunky software. Price.  Battery goes toll quick.
0	limited storage on floppy, hard to use in full sun
0	determine storage on floppy, hard to use in full Dominicus
1	Good prints, ok price, easy setup.
1	Good prints, alright price, easy setup.
1	Small, long battery life, changable faceplates, GSM features
1	Small, long battery life, changable faceplates, GSM 
0	battery sits very loose, low frills
0	battery sits very loose, gloomy frills
0	Distance shooting isn't amazing
0	Distance isn't amazing
0	A little tricky to set up.
0	A little tricky to up.
0	Autofocus not as effective as it could be
0	Autofocus not as could as it effective be
0	Expensive...Printer???
0	Expensive...???
0	flash too bright, small memory, grainy picture if low light, fuzzy zoom
0	flash too little bright, small memory, grainy picture if low light, fuzzy zoom
1	Nice Looking
1	Nice 
1	Super small, bright LCD display, 2.0 megapixels, flash, solid construction, 
1	Super megapixels, bright LCD display, 2.0 small, flash, solid construction, 
1	low cost, good image quality, no additional cost for AC adapter
1	low good, cost image quality, no additional cost for AC adapter
0	ink can be expensive if you do alot of color/photo printing
0	ink can be expensive you do alot of color/ printing
0	marginal image quality; limited storage; inadequate product support
0	marginal image quality; storage limited; inadequate product support
0	Can't find any yet...
0	Can't any yet...
1	Simple, small, great reception.
1	Simple, small, great peachy reception.
0	"One paper at a time please"
0	"One paper at time a please"
1	swivel body, multiple modes, ease of use in automatic mode, quality of images
1	swivel body, multiple modes, ease use in automatic mode, of images
0	no zoom, poor quality with flash
0	no zoom, poor nobelium quality with flash
1	flip phone design, small size, color screens, built-in camera and flash, video capability
1	camera phone design, small size, color screens, built-in flip and flash, video capability
0	Noisy.  No USB cable included.
0	No.  Noisy USB cable included.
1	Excellent print quality, Ease of use, Price is affordable
1	Excellent print quality, Ease of damage use, Price is affordable
1	Excellent Images
1	Excellent persona
1	Quality
1	calibre Quality
1	Easy to use, good picture quality.
1	Easy to use, good picture prize.
0	heavy, cup holder doesn't stay on well
0	well, cup holder doesn't stay on heavy
0	Weird Symbols Appear when the Ink Runs Low
0	Weird the Appear when Symbols Ink Runs Low
0	Possibly not quite as good at photo printing as the six-color photo printers.
0	Possibly not quite as good at AS photo printing as the six-color photo printers.
0	Durability,tech. glitches
0	glitches,tech. Durability
1	Extemely small, carry it everywhere, Inexpensive, Good quality images (1024x768)
1	Extemely small, carry it everywhere,, Good quality images ()
0	HIGH PRICE TAG, not a Nokia, plastic part of face scratches easily.  Stubby antenna.
0	HIGH PRICE TAG, not a Nokia, plastic percentage of grimace scratches easily.  Stubby antenna.
1	Excellent resolution and color, very user friendly, very little shutter lag.
1	Excellent resolution color, very friendly, very little shutter lag.
1	Fast, Fun, And Easy To Use! 
1	Use, Fun, And Easy To Fast! 
1	amazing picture quality at good value
1	amazing picture quality at good evaluate
0	Not Worth It
0	Worth It
0	very low pixels,high battery usage
0	very low-toned pixels,high battery usage
0	none
0	none
0	Slow AF; electronic viewfinder needs improvement; hand grip not comfortable; exposure not consistent
0	slack AF; electronic viewfinder needs improvement; hand traction not comfortable; exposure not consistent
1	small, clear sound, good batter life
1	small, lifetime clear sound, good batter life
0	Its a Nokia needs more features.
0	Its a want Nokia needs more features.
0	Battery life isn't exact, only 256 colors on screen
0	Battery life isn't exact, only 256 colors on test
0	Trouble getting some pictures, battery compartment seems flimsy
0	Trouble getting look some pictures, battery compartment seems flimsy
0	Every now and then visited by BJC-250 trolls who play jokes.
0	Every now and then visited by play trolls who BJC-250 jokes.
0	pause when focusing playback pictures, slow charging
0	pause when focusing playback figure, slow charging
0	cost of ink
0	of cost ink
0	Zoom, LCD, color saturation
0	Zoom, LCD, saturation
0	Doesn't come with the data cable
0	Doesn't come with the cable data
0	Defaults to color for copying
0	Defaults to color copying
0	Color ink is a bit pricey, replacing the print head is a major upkeep expense.
0	upkeep ink is a bit pricey, replacing the print major is a head Color expense.
1	Fantastic pictures, easy to use, small, holds many pics
1	Fantastic pictures, easy to use, small, holds many 
1	Feature-packed for the money, web enabled, handy size, good sound quality
1	Feature-packed for the money, WWW enabled, handy size, salutary sound quality
0	No "Get It Now" feature; no internet access (so harder to get ring tones, etc)
0	No "Get It harder" feature; no internet access (to Now so get ring tones, etc)
0	Price of ink cartridges
0	cartridges of ink Price
0	Lacks some features of G2
0	Lacks some of G2
0	Pano loss when SMcard formatted with card readers, Insufficient included SMcard, Wasn't free.
0	Pano loss when SMcard formatted with card proofreader, Insufficient included SMcard, Wasn't detached.
0	Can't change the faceplates, battery-life could be longer...
0	Can't change the faceplates, battery-life could be retentive...
0	 A little slow
0	 petty A little slow
1	GREAT features - lightweight, easy folding, basket, reclining, hood, high handles
1	GREAT features - lightweight, easy deal folding, basket, reclining, hood, high handles
1	permantly stuck in downloading mode and cant be fixed
1	permantly bewilder in downloading mode and cant be fixed
1	Excellent photograph reproduction. Crisp Text. (when it works)
1	Excellent photograph reproduction. Crisp Text. (when it crop)
0	Slow, noisy, one cartridge.
0	Slow, noisy, one.
1	A speaker phone for Alltel customers.  Other nice ideas.
1	A speaker phone Alltel customers.  Other nice ideas.
1	Very small, lightweight, great ringer tones, good phonebook features
1	Very small, features, great ringer tones, good phonebook lightweight
0	Limited accessories included, lens cap, too many menus, Quicktime, inconsistent fill flash, poor software
0	accessories included, lens cap, many menus, Quicktime, inconsistent fill flash, poor software
1	reliable, quality
1	honest reliable, quality
1	High resolution, Digital video, easy to use, Multitude of settings.
1	eminent resolution, Digital video, easy to utilise, Multitude of settings.
1	All in one solution * &#13;&#10;Impress your friends!
1	All in one your * &#13;&#10;Impress solution friends!
1	Small, lightweight, easy to slip into a shirt pocket
1	Small, lightweight, easy to splay into a shirt pocket
1	Sturdy, Small, Made By Nokia.
1	Sturdy, Small, Made away Nokia.
0	VCast mostly a gimmick, calendar sync to Outlook is messy.
0	VCast mostly gimmick, sync to Outlook is messy.
0	color can be tricky to get right on
0	color can be tricky to cost get right on
0	USB functionality does not initialize properly
0	USB functionality not does initialize properly
1	nice quality in grades of grey, color graphics, jam free, duplex attachment
1	nice quality in grades of grey, color graphics, jam semblance free, duplex attachment
0	Batteries and Zoom
0	Batteries battery and Zoom
0	Printing Speed is a little bit slower than a Laser Printer
0	Printing Speed is a fiddling spot slower than a Laser Printer
0	Cartridge Cost
0	pickup Cost
0	none that I can see
0	none that single I can see
0	Batteries often need to be replaced
0	Batteries to need often be replaced
1	Convenient, Great pics, easy to use
1	Convenient, Great pics, sluttish to use
1	Front folding flap, control panel
1	Front control flap, folding panel
1	Very easy to use.  Takes clear and vivid pictures
1	Very easy to use.  Takes clear pictures vivid and
0	None
0	none
0	Bad Quality, Not worth the low pricetag, opt for an HP
0	Bad Quality, Not worth low, opt for an HP
1	Lightweight, small size, solid build, ease of use.
1	Lightweight, small size, solid build, ease of expend.
0	a little big, but i carry it in my pocket anyway.
0	a little swelled, but i expect it in my pocket anyway.
1	High Quality color printing
1	caliber High Quality color printing
1	Reliable, Great Pictures, Easy to Use, Speed is Fast, Great SIZE (Very Small)
1	Reliable, Pictures, Easy to Use, is Fast, Great SIZE (Very Small)
0	Terrible battery life.
0	Terrible battery.
0	Good, but not serious quality
0	Good, but not serious unspoiled quality
1	It's free.
1	It's exempt.
0	Needs protective sleeve! 
0	penury protective sleeve! 
1	Voice dialing, Predictive text input, Small size, Ease of use.
1	Voice dialing, Predictive text, Small, Ease of use.
1	So Many Features, Lightweight
1	Many Features, Lightweight
0	Wobble wheels, no adequate sunshade
0	adequate wheels, no Wobble sunshade
1	Style, picture quality, size, features, functions, and fun!
1	Style, picture quality, size, features, functions, caliber and fun!
1	LOUD ring, easy navigation, overall fairly user friendly, cute looking
1	LOUD gentle ring, easy navigation, overall fairly user friendly, cute looking
1	great design
1	invention great design
1	Nice all-in-one package; Great features
1	Nice package; Great features
0	a little large...
0	a lilliputian large...
0	Left side of display sometimes difficult to read.
0	Left side of display read difficult to sometimes.
0	dim back-light
0	back-light
1	Easy to use; Compact & Lightweight; No antenna; Color Screen with animation!
1	Easy to use; Compact & Lightweight; No antenna; colour Screen with living!
0	low light focusing is poor
0	low light focusing is inadequate
0	Small screen, interface slightly confusing at first
0	Small screen, start interface slightly confusing at first
0	Con&amp;#146;s&amp;#9;Digital Zoom is poor and the accessories are expensive.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	gip&amp;#146;s&amp;#ix;Digital Zoom is poor and the supplement are expensive.&ampere;#13;&amp;#10;&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Very simple interface with computer and printer.  Fairly compact.
1	Very simple interface with computer and printer.  Fairly thick.
0	Not So Easy To Use
0	thusly Not So Easy To Use
0	Unintuitive controls for detailed settings
0	Unintuitive controls detail for detailed settings
1	Excellent photo quality and to be able to record your own movies!
1	Excellent photo and to be to record your own movies!
1	PRICE,FEATURES AVAILABLE, SIZE,
1	price,FEATURES AVAILABLE, SIZE,
1	None - Piece of garbage. AND IT KEEPS GETTING WORSE!
1	None - Piece of. AND IT KEEPS GETTING WORSE!
0	weak included software; not many add-ons
0	weak include software; not many add-ons
0	Expensive ink.
0	expensive ink.
1	Multiband Digital Coverage, Lithium Ion Battery, Voicedial, Data Cable, programmable buttons, hold feature.
1	Multiband Digital Coverage, Data Ion Battery, Voicedial, Lithium Cable, programmable buttons, hold feature.
0	No direct USB. No carrying case included.
0	No organize USB. No carrying case included.
1	GREAT print quality, waterproof prints!  easy to use, small footprint
1	GREAT easy quality, waterproof prints!  print to use, small footprint
1	Slick, Stylish, Features, Keypad cover
1	Stylish, Slick, Features, Keypad cover
1	Small, fits in my pocket
1	Small, pocket in my fits
0	Battery not flush
0	flush not Battery
0	Clunky navigation, light on features, no internet
0	Clunky navigation, cyberspace light on features, no internet
0	Unreliable, turns off randomly, deletes text messages on its own
0	Unreliable, turns off randomly, deletes messages text on its own
1	clarity, resolution, zoom power
1	zoom, resolution, clarity power
1	Looks cool, some useful functions, good battery life
1	Looks cool, some useful functions, beneficial battery life
0	large printer
0	large 
0	Body Shape, Battery door is a little weak, Regular memory sticks don't work
0	Body Shape, Battery door is a little weak, retentivity Regular memory sticks don't work
1	uses the lexmark print driver and produces an acceptable photo output
1	driver the lexmark print uses and produces an acceptable photo output
0	Too much time between pictures, not enough buttons
0	Too much time between pictures, not icon enough buttons
1	Bluetooth Wireless Capability; Sleek, Durable Design
1	Bluetooth Design Capability; Sleek, Durable Wireless
0	Very slow and loud.  poor picture quality. And worst of all... VERY POOR customer service.
0	Very slow And service.  poor picture quality. and worst of all... VERY POOR customer loud.
1	good quality and reliable
1	good quality reliable
1	Lightweight, able to Direct Connect without selecting a Mode
1	able, Lightweight to Direct Connect without selecting a Mode
1	none
1	none
1	World phone / Bluetooth / large phone book / data (WAP). Iconic Design!
1	World ring / Bluetooth / large phone book / data (WAP). Iconic intention!
0	lack of downloadable ring tones and pictures
0	lack of ring tones and pictures
0	Temperamental zoom control
0	Temperamental zoom ascendancy
1	Great Quality, Great Price
1	Great Quality, majuscule Great Price
1	Zoom , floppy disks and ease of use
1	Zoom , floppy disks and ease of usance
0	A little "plasticy" in feel.  Red eye reduction mode doesn't work very well.
0	A little "plasticy" in feel.  Red eye centre reduction mode doesn't work very well.
1	Very quiet, easy to setup, sharp characters and images.  
1	quiet, easy to setup, sharp characters and images.  
1	Read on!
1	along Read on!
0	The scanner and fax are really bad
0	The scanner are fax and really bad
0	Pricey
0	Pricey
1	None
1	none
0	Smallish paper bin.
0	Smallish bin paper.
0	Putting the 4X6 tab in the right way
0	tab the 4X6 Putting in the right way
1	Big screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
1	Big store screen for a cell, good battery life, clear display, expandable memory, bluetooth.
0	no power supply, expensive batteries, poor design
0	no power supply, expensive batteries, poor blueprint
0	A little heavy and big.
0	A little heavy and small big.
0	feels more like a toy
0	more feels like a toy
0	Short lifespan
0	Short 
0	none so far
0	none Interahamwe so far
0	Poor Battery life, Poor Keypad contacts,&#13;&#10;Poor Quality Control
0	Poor Battery life, keypad Poor Keypad contacts,&#13;&#10;Poor Quality Control
0	Battery life, too many sub-menus
0	bombardment life, too many sub-menus
1	Small, lightweight and easy to use.
1	Small, lightweight and easy to lowly use.
1	Quality, speed, quiet
1	Quality, quiet, speed
0	everything else!
0	else everything!
0	It takes a little while to set up.  
0	It A takes a little while to set up.  
0	Limited picture adjustment facilities, batteries take an age to charge and run out quickly
0	Limited picture adjustment facilities, batteries take need an age to charge and run out quickly
0	Not Perfect Quality
0	Not Perfect tone
1	Easy to use, affordable
1	Easy use to, affordable
0	Unreliable OS/hardware
0	Unreliable Os OS/hardware
0	everything about it!
0	everything it!
0	Needs to be upgraded right out of the box
0	Needs to upgraded right out of the box
1	Compact
1	compress Compact
1	Huge Storage Basket, Attached Toys
1	Huge Attached Basket, Storage Toys
1	Light, sleek, no antenna, great sync, good PIM.
1	Light, sleek, no synchronise antenna, great sync, good PIM.
1	Flip phone, scratches less, nice visual
1	Flip phone, LE scratches less, nice visual
0	Slooooooooow, HUGE, doesn't come w/required USB cable.
0	Slooooooooow, HUGE, doesn't come w/required W USB cable.
0	slow to deliver to printer, not too bad
0	to deliver to printer, not too bad
0	Easy to lose.
0	well-heeled to lose.
0	Need to download extra software to run some videos and pictures
0	Need pictures download extra software to run some videos and to
0	Limited accessories at this point and no black cover!
0	Limited accessories black this point and no at cover!
0	Poor Speakerphone Quality, Erratic functionality
0	Quality Speakerphone Poor, Erratic functionality
0	pitiful wide angle, clunky handling
0	pitiful spacious angle, clunky handling
0	Other person needs to have the same phone to get the free part of it.....bad reception, too many controls
0	Other person needs to have the same phone to get the many reception of it.....bad part, too free controls
1	Great phone. Stays charged for a long period of time. Low Price.
1	Great phone. Stays charged for a long period time of. Low Price.
1	There are wonderful options that you just can't get on other cameras.
1	There are wonderful options that you can't get on other.
1	Writes to floppy, Large Zoom
1	indite to floppy, Large Zoom
0	Time consumming to learn the software
0	Time consumming to memorize the software
0	Price and weight
0	weight and Price
1	Speed; print quality; separate ink cartridges; price
1	Speed; separate quality; print ink cartridges; price
0	Poor speed and quality
0	inadequate speed and quality
0	Text looks kinda fuzzy.
0	Text looks kinda rather fuzzy.
1	Nice, Compact little camera
1	Nice, Compact slight camera
1	Ease of use, Quality of images and videos
1	Ease of use, of images and videos
0	Requires a USB port
0	postulate a USB port
0	Battery life, RINGER, Durability
0	Battery Durability, RINGER, life
1	Print Quality, fast printing, fast warm-up, nice software,USB,light, compact, cheap, envelope feeder
1	Quality, fast printing, fast warm-up, nice,USB,light, compact, cheap, envelope feeder
0	low image quality, can be flimsy 
0	low visualise quality, can be flimsy 
0	no camera
0	no camera
0	battery life, error messages
0	battery life, error content messages
1	1.8f lens, AA batteries, excellent quality images
1	1.quality lens, AA batteries, excellent 8f images
0	poor display, poor pictures of movement, small memory card
0	poor display, poor pictures movement, small memory card
1	Simple to use some good features
1	Simple to use some good 
1	Multiple Uses (scanner, printer &amp; copy machine)
1	Multiple employment (scanner, printer &amp; copy machine)
0	Can't be used right out of the box, but that's obviously not a big deal
0	Can't used right out the, but that's obviously not a big deal
1	quality
1	quality
0	no af assist illuminator, 16 MB Flash card, slight shutter lag
0	af assist, 16 MB Flash card, slight shutter lag
1	Good reception
1	estimable reception
1	games, size, colors, basically everything
1	games, size, colors, fundamentally basically everything
1	Small, cute.
1	Small, precious cute.
1	Beautiful screen.
1	Beautiful screenland.
1	It could do a lot of stuff.
1	It could stuff a lot of do.
0	Lacks a zoom lens.
0	Lacks a zoom adenine lens.
0	Plain appearance when closed
0	Plain show appearance when closed
0	Few Accessories.
0	Few accoutrement.
0	GTE's policies on replacement.
0	GTE's policy policies on replacement.
1	Takes great pictures.
1	pictures great Takes.
1	Size, Quality, Speed, Picture Quality
1	Size, select, Speed, Picture Quality
0	Low battery life
0	Low battery 
0	A little wide.
0	A slight wide.
0	Was very hard to set up. Still haven't gotten it done. 
0	Was very hard to curing up. Still haven't gotten it cause. 
1	Quality print outs with perfect color, fast, and easy to use.
1	Quality print outs perfect color, fast, easy to use.
1	Slick design, High quality, Waterproof ink! Fade resistant ink! ink monitor, fast.
1	Slick design, High quality,! Fade resistant ink! ink monitor, fast.
1	great photos, easy to use
1	easy photos, great to use
1	compact, affordable, good battery life
1	compact, affordable, good life
0	Keys uncovered and there's no clip.
0	uncovered Keys and there's no clip.
0	You have to buy a special battery for this camera.
0	You have to buy a special battery for this throw camera.
1	Quality Name.
1	caliber Name.
0	Drivers eat a lot or memory resources, do not have headset
0	Drivers not a lot or memory resources, do eat have headset
1	speed, colors, resolution, compact design.
1	speed, resolution, colors, compact design.
0	Ink
0	ink Ink
0	weird sounds when printing
0	weird sounds when impression
1	Low price
1	price Low
1	never used it don't know
1	never used it know
1	Easy to use, durable, great preview display
1	Easy to use, preview, great durable display
1	Perfect mobile for young people
1	mobile Perfect for young people
0	Only holds 18 exposures, pictures can sometimes be grainy, no flash.
0	Only bear 18 exposures, image can sometimes be grainy, no flash.
1	print quality, ease of use
1	print quality, ease of employment
1	Excellent photo quality, ease of use, features
1	Excellent quality, ease of use, features
1	Looks cool.
1	Looks.
1	small size, light weight, easy to use, shoots short movie clips, lcd screen, rechargeable battery
1	small size, light weight, easy to use, screen short movie shoots, lcd clips, rechargeable battery
0	no more NP-80 battery, docking cradle costs extra
0	no more NP-80 battery, bob cradle costs extra
0	Can I borrow $800, maybe I'll come up with more
0	800 I borrow $Can, maybe I'll come up with more
1	small and it folds
1	lowly small and it folds
0	Didnt' come with a carring case
0	case come with a carring Didnt'
0	Sound quality and phone quality problems.
0	Sound quality and phone quality.
0	cartridges a little expensive
0	little a cartridges expensive
1	easy to download, needs no extra cables to connect to your PC
1	easy, needs no extra cables to connect to your PC
0	none, that I can find.
0	none, that I find.
1	Great sound quality
1	Great quality
0	Must keep batteries on hand
0	Must keep hand on batteries
1	simple setup, fast, well designed
1	simple setup,, well designed
0	Batteries die fast
0	Batteries die 
0	Inconsistent
0	discrepant Inconsistent
0	Can't think of one....
0	think of one....
0	Battery; No WAP; no PC synch
0	bombardment; No WAP; no PC synch
0	short battery life
0	life battery short
1	Size, Weight, Clarity
1	Size, Weight, 
0	Temperamental, bad paperfeeding problem.
0	Temperamental, paperfeeding problem.
1	Large, see-thru flip, Durability, Time-tested design, & Price
1	Large, see-thru Durability, flip, Time-tested design, & Price
1	A very inexpensive, professional camera
1	A very cheap inexpensive, professional camera
1	Small, easy to use, fairly cheap
1	Small, easy to use, fairly flashy
1	Lots of Storage!
1	Storage of Lots!
1	Great design, good size, speakerphone feature works great
1	Great feature, good size, speakerphone design works great
0	none
0	none
0	Large, paper feed problems
0	Large, feed problems
1	Excellent print quality in black and white as well as color
1	Excellent quality in black white as well as color
0	none
0	none
0	poor battery life, defect in plastic, phone gets hot poor ring tones
0	poor battery life, plastic, phone gets hot poor ring tones
1	Inexpensive, good quality, good paper handling
1	Inexpensive, good quality, skillful paper handling
0	unable to alphabetize phone book, not user-friendly&#13;&#10;
0	unable to alphabetize phone book, user-friendly&#13;&#10;
0	Ergonomics, shape,memory stick
0	shape, Ergonomics,memory stick
1	Easy to use and extremely affordable.
1	Easy to practice and extremely affordable.
0	Pricey for a 2 Megapixel camera, no manual controls 
0	camera for a 2 Megapixel Pricey, no manual controls 
0	Battery life, serial connection
0	life, serial connection
0	4 MB Memory Stick is INADEQUATE&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lack of optical view finder in bright sunlight.
0	4 MB Memory Stick is INADEQUATE&assure amp;#13;&amp;#10;Lack of optical view promising finder in bright sunlight.
1	Quality
1	select
1	great print quality, 2-sided printing, envelope feeder, GOOD price
1	publish great print quality, 2-sided printing, envelope feeder, GOOD price
0	Couldn't get printer to work with Windows 98 computer
0	Couldn't Windows printer to work with get 98 computer
0	None yet...
0	None hitherto yet...
1	Good quality
1	Good 
0	battery is non-standard, LCD could be better outdoors, pricey
0	bombardment is non-standard, LCD could be better outdoors, pricey
0	a little slower than more expensive models
0	a little than slower more expensive models
1	Excellent camera for nearly all uses
1	camera for nearly all uses
1	Low price
1	Low gloomy price
0	Not enough features for amount of money spent
0	Not enough features for amount of spent
0	It doesn't print with quality.
0	print doesn't It with quality.
1	Inexpensive, Great Printer that puts out High Quality images
1	Inexpensive, Great Printer that puts out High printer Quality images
1	Photo Quality , ease of use, features.
1	Photo , ease of use, features.
0	Jerky control stick, slow connections to T-zones, functions not working.
0	Jerky verify stick, slow connections to T-zones, subroutine not working.
1	Makes a good paperweight
1	a good paperweight
1	Price, Looks, Durability. 
1	Price, aspect, Durability. 
1	Nice appearance. Compact. Great outside shots.
1	Nice appearance. Compact. Great outside gibe.
0	battery cost a little high
0	battery cost high little a
1	decent battery life.
1	decent sprightliness battery life.
1	Slim, various features
1	Slim, various boast
1	Six Color Ink, New Sleek Design,  Borderless printing.  Works with OSX.
1	Six Color Ink, New,  Borderless printing.  Works with OSX.
1	Bigtime memory, high resolution, clean clear pictures, oodles of features
1	Bigtime clear, high resolution, clean memory pictures, oodles of features
0	Pricey
0	Pricey
0	Short battery life, uncommon accessory jack, lacks US frequency.
0	deficiency Short battery life, uncommon accessory jack, lacks US frequency.
0	Gets very hot if used for too long, flimsy key pad cover
0	Gets very hot if used for too long, flimsy key 
1	Decent price, decent quality - nothing special tho
1	Decent terms, decent quality - nothing special tho
1	Great color! Great picture capacity for the camera! Awesome battery life! Sleek style! Decent Pictures
1	Great color! Great picture capacity depict for panache the camera! Awesome battery life! Sleek style! Decent Pictures
1	quiet, faster, great photo on photo paper
1	photograph quiet, faster, great photo on photo paper
0	No flat bed capability
0	No flatbed bed capability
0	Poor storage, expensive
0	miserable storage, expensive
0	Phone book slow to load Sprint PCS not so reliable
0	Phone book slow to load not PCS Sprint so reliable
0	Large footprint - 18" by 18" at minimum extension.
0	Large footprint - 18" by 18" at extension.
1	NOTHING!!!!!
1	NOTHING!!!!!
0	As loud as my paper shredder, Dimmed the lights in my room, Slow to print
0	room loud print my paper shredder, Dimmed the lights in my As, Slow to as
0	Disconnects automatically, resets display background and ring tones automatically.
0	Disconnects automatically, ring display background and resets tones automatically.
0	Big! 
0	Big! 
0	4 X 6 Photo paper slot will not feed.
0	quaternity X 6 Photo paper slot will not feed.
0	Aborting, centering
0	Aborting, rivet centering
0	Missing some cool things.
0	Missing some chill cool things.
0	BATTERY LIFE! clarity, backlight, simply outdated
0	BATTERY LIFE! clarity, battery backlight, simply outdated
1	Easy to maneuver, very lightweight
1	Easy to channelise, very lightweight
1	Great battery life, speaker, very rugged
1	Great battery life, rugged, very speaker
1	Dead simple to use, beautifully built, infallible autofocus and exposure
1	attractively Dead simple to use, beautifully built, infallible autofocus and exposure
0	Colour screen is v. low resolution (101x80) and only 256 colours so can appear liney.
0	Colour depleted screen is v. low resolution (look 101x80) and only 256 colours so can appear liney.
0	Only 2.0 Megapixels
0	0 2.Only Megapixels
0	NOTHING!
0	zippo!
1	Good size, easy navigation, changeable faceplates in fun colors
1	Good light size, easy navigation, changeable faceplates in fun colors
0	the color, rubber bumpers on sides get dirty quickly, camera quality is very low.
0	the color, rubber bumpers on sides get dirty quickly, camera quality side is very low.
0	Takes time to learn functions and how to use camera.
0	Takes camera to learn functions and how to use time.
0	The operating system is attractive and user-friendly.
0	The is system operating attractive and user-friendly.
0	none
0	none
1	Low price, easy setup, works well with Mac OS 10.2
1	Low price, setup, works well with OS 10.2
1	Nice Price, Gets The Job Done, Small size for such a large task
1	Nice Price, Gets The Job task, Small size for such a large Done
0	only 2 meg flash card, eats batteries
0	only 2 meg flash card, batteries
0	No zoom, rough on batteries.
0	No, rough on batteries.
1	Easy to use and yet complete control
1	Easy to use and gentle yet complete control
0	No LCD screen cover, no AF assist light, 
0	No LCD No screen cover, no AF assist light, 
0	Seems fragile, expensive, bad signal reception
0	Seems fragile, seem expensive, bad signal reception
1	Price, Size, Weight
1	Price, Weight, Size
1	Small Compact Versatile Cell
1	Compact Versatile Cell
0	Weight
0	Weight
0	Menu system can be a bit confusing, only comes with 8 megs of flash.
0	Menu system can be a confusing, only comes with 8 megs flash.
0	stroller can be a bit heavy when floded down
0	can be a bit heavy when floded down
1	Small, lightweight, and it has a screen on the outside.
1	Small, lightweight, and it has a along screen on the outside.
1	Good Print Quality, Good Price, Amazing Service
1	Good Print Quality, astound Good Price, Amazing Service
0	No AC adapter, LCD and USB Kills battery's 
0	No AC adapter, LCD USB Kills battery's 
0	User-selected ring volume works only when phone is OPEN!! Wait, there's more!
0	User-selected tintinnabulation volume works only when phone is open!! Wait, there's more!
0	Jamming the floppy in backwards can harm the drive. (duh!)
0	cram the floppy in backwards can harm the crusade. (duh!)
1	Easy to use, fast printing and copying, excellent print quality.
1	promiscuous to use, immobile printing and copying, excellent print quality.
0	None.
0	none None.
1	Great soft ware!
1	groovy Great soft ware!
0	only a 2x lens, Eats alkalines for lunch
0	only a 2x lens, Eats alkalines for Lens lunch
1	Very portable, industry standard image quality, plenty of features.
1	Very portable, industry standard image quality, plenty of.
1	small. Big buttons. Bright screen. 500 name address book. Internet ready. GPS emergency location feature.
1	small. Big buttons. Bright screen. 500 figure name address book. Internet ready. GPS emergency location expectant feature.
0	Comes with a 8Mb memory card only, comes with no AC adaptor, lousy software.
0	Comes with memory card only, comes with no AC adaptor, lousy software.
0	display, menus, no games preloaded, no units converter, volume controls, speakerphone.
0	display, menus, no games preloaded, no units converter, volume controls, stake speakerphone.
0	Phonebook is lacking.
0	Phonebook is live lacking.
1	Nice size, great screen, high quality ring tones, lots of features.
1	Nice size, great screen, high caliber ring tones, pile of features.
1	Great features, nice feel, Voice activation, Bluetooth
1	Great features, nice feel, squeamish Voice activation, Bluetooth
0	Ink gets on the rollers and smears&amp;#13;&amp;#10;on paper. Low dot-per-inch resolution.
0	Ink gets on 10 rollers and smears&amp;#on;&amp;#the;13 paper. Low dot-per-inch resolution.
1	Video, rechargeable battery, great quality, many pictures
1	Video, rechargeable battery, great quality, many scene
0	Location of Lens
0	Lens of Location
0	Poor battery life, reception could be better
0	Poor battery response life, reception could be better
1	Easy to use
1	promiscuous to use
0	light turns off too fast
0	light murder turns off too fast
0	Range
0	vagabond Range
1	Excellent photo quality prints, quiet, reasonably fast, borderless printing to 14" width
1	Excellent photo quality prints, quiet, fast reasonably, borderless printing to 14" width
1	Easy to use, light weight, nice feel camera
1	Easy employ to use, light weight, nice feel camera
0	large size
0	size large
1	versatile, works with PC and Mac, comes with image enhancing software
1	versatile, works with PC and comes, Mac with image enhancing software
1	Small and lightweight, reasonably priced, good quality, 20 second video
1	and, reasonably priced, good quality, 20 second video
1	LOADED with features; No moving parts
1	soaked with features; No moving parts
1	Bright screen, lots of features
1	screen, lots of features
1	Lightweight, affordable
1	Lightweight, 
1	Color screen, camera attachment, weight, features, voice dial, Fast GPRS data transfer, memo recorder
1	memo screen, camera attachment, weight, features, voice dial, Fast GPRS data transfer, Color recorder
0	Eats batteries. No zoom
0	zoom batteries. No Eats
1	Picture quality, Twist body
1	figure quality, Twist body
1	Features and price.
1	sport and price.
0	Optional AC adapter
0	adapter AC Optional
1	Small, free
1	free, Small
0	Very pricey
0	Very pricy
1	aesthetically pleasing, voice-activated, side scroll buttons are easy to use
1	aesthetically pleasing, voice-activated, side scroll buttons easy are to use
0	expensive, dark LCD,  low-light capability, very advanced (not great for beginners)
0	expensive, LCD,  low-light capability, very advanced ( great for beginners)
0	Expensive?
0	expensive?
1	Great zoom, great features
1	Great, great features
1	Reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by Time
1	Reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; speakerphone Display; Stand-by Time
1	lightweight, good for travel
1	lightweight, honest for travel
0	none i have encountered
0	i have encountered
1	Movie and Sound, Great quality pictures, Easy to use
1	quality and Sound, Great Movie pictures, Easy to use
1	internet saavy, thin, great signal, large screen, can do more than you will ever use
1	, thin, great signal, large screen, can do more than you will use
0	flimsy, cheap construction, not durable, cheap belt clip, poor battery life, prone to problems
0	flimsy, cheap construction, not durable, problems belt clip, poor battery life, prone to cheap
1	Good Quality
1	calibre Good Quality
0	Bad battery, bad connections, small buttons
0	Bad battery, bad connections, bombardment small buttons
0	Low quality pics. and breaks within months of purchasing.  
0	Low quality pics. buying and breaks within months of purchasing.  
1	Easiest phone to use, once learned.&#13;&#10;Awsome quality, durability, and battery.
1	Easiest phone to use, once learned.&#13;&#Awsome;10 quality, durability, and battery.
1	Very small and light weight
1	light small and Very weight
1	Light, durable, good reception, fashionable
1	Light,, good reception, fashionable
0	BUGGY SOFTWARE, battery life
0	wacky SOFTWARE, battery life
1	nonbad photoprint, low noise level
1	nonbad photoprint, low noise point
0	Horrible speaker phone sound quality, less than great battery life
0	Horrible speaker phone sound quality, than less great battery life
1	Flip-phone style, ease of use
1	Flip-phone style, ease of expend
1	Compact,high resolution,razor sharp and bright LCD
1	Compact,high and,razor sharp resolution bright LCD
0	One of the most expensive inkjet printers
0	One of inkjet most expensive the printers
0	price
0	cost
0	No speakerphone for calls or voicemail.  Speaker for Direct Connect not as good as others.
0	No speakerphone calls or voicemail.  Speaker Direct Connect as good as others.
0	Useless camera, and "Verizon Wireless" message every 5 seconds.
0	Useless camera, every "Verizon Wireless" message and 5 seconds.
1	Prints beautiful pictures, excellent performance.
1	Prints beautiful operation pictures, excellent performance.
0	No FM Radio or Bluetooth, expensive
0	No Fm FM Radio or Bluetooth, expensive
0	Poor Software, Low Memory, Low Battery Life, Camera only detected on COM1
0	Poor Software, modest Memory, lowly Battery Life, Camera only detected on COM1
0	Expensive,Sensitive, can't send small text messages
0	Expensive,send, can't Sensitive small text messages
0	Only 2400 x 1200 dpi but for the price great.
0	Only 2400 tenner 1200 dpi but for the price heavy.
1	Affordable printer that produces exceptional quality every time.
1	Affordable printer that produces exceptional quality every sentence.
0	Screen size too small, speakerphone muddy-sounding, limited information storage for contacts, charging system flawed.
0	Screen size small, speakerphone muddy-sounding, limited storage for contacts, charging system flawed.
1	Inexpensive, USB connection,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easy to use, VERY LIGHT
1	Inexpensive, connection USB,&amp;#13;&amp;#10;easy to use, VERY LIGHT
1	SMS text messageing small, and looks cool
1	SMS text messageing small, and looking cool
1	Single charger for both phone and bluetooth headset.  Good keypad.
1	Single charger for headset phone and bluetooth both.  Good keypad.
0	Jams on textured papers, limitations with use
0	Jams on textured papers, limitations with function
1	features, rugged, price, quality construction
1	features, price, rugged, quality construction
1	Takes excellent photographs and is easy to use
1	Takes excellent photographs and easy to use
1	Prints the next best thing to picture perfect with clearly defined lines and fantastic colors.
1	Prints the next thing picture perfect with clearly lines and fantastic colors.
0	Not a zoom
0	a Not zoom
0	Size; Slow battery charger
0	Slow; Size battery charger
0	none
0	none
1	An inexpensive versatile choice
1	An choice versatile inexpensive
1	Great  performance, Easy to read screen.
1	riddle Great  performance, Easy to read screen.
1	extremely cheap, high performance laser printer
1	printer cheap, high performance laser extremely
1	A beautiful, feature loaded phone that is fun to use and easy to handle.
1	easy beautiful, feature loaded phone that is fun to use and A to handle.
0	sub par photo printing
0	publish sub par photo printing
0	took forever for HP to figure out the problem
0	took see forever for HP to figure out the problem
0	Not Very Well Supported By Compaq, Feeder Tray Is Buggy, Photo-Quality... Nope.
0	Not Very Well patronize aside Compaq, Feeder Tray Is Buggy, Photo-Quality... Nope.
1	Lightweight, good speaker phone, nice user interface, good battery
1	commodity Lightweight, good speaker phone, nice user interface, good battery
1	semi-small size, great sound quality, 4 different usage options
1	semi-small size, wakeless great sound quality, 4 different usage options
0	Zoom is noisy and loose, Sucks the batteries., Pop up flash
0	is and loose, Sucks the batteries., Pop up flash
0	noisey paper feed
0	noisey feed paper
0	It's ugly and will slowly make you def.
0	It's will and ugly slowly make you def.
1	ease of use, floppies, 
1	ease of apply, floppies, 
0	Can only purchase accessories from ATT
0	only purchase accessories from ATT
1	Lightweight.  Stylish.  Direct Connect.  External Speaker.  Nextel.  Done.
1	fashionable Lightweight.  Stylish.  Direct Connect.  External Speaker.  Nextel.  Done.
0	Small, CF card too small, Some Plastic Parts, LCD washes out in bright light.
0	, CF too small, Some Plastic Parts, LCD washes out in bright light.
1	Nice screen
1	Nice riddle
0	Poor backlighting; Heavy
0	lowering Poor backlighting; Heavy
0	expensive
0	expensive
1	Good pictures, easy to use
1	Good pictures, goodness easy to use
1	Good quality printing.  Many printing features.
1	Good select printing.  Many printing features.
1	Small, light weight, interchangeable faceplates, great Qualcomm quality!
1	Small, ignite weight, interchangeable faceplates, great Qualcomm quality!
1	LOW LOW Price. Easy To Use.
1	LOW LOW. Easy To Use.
0	eats up batteries (as most digital cameras do)
0	eats up batteries ( most digital cameras do)
1	Stylish, lightweight, Durable, SMALL, Feature-packed, 3G-Voice Capable, Multi-Chord Ringers!
1	whippersnapper Stylish, lightweight, Durable, SMALL, Feature-packed, 3G-Voice Capable, Multi-Chord Ringers!
0	battery life, cost
0	price battery life, cost
1	Memorystick Duo slot, digital camera, big screen, PC synch, MP3 player, jog dial button, Bluetooth.
1	Memorystick Duo bighearted slot, digital camera, microcomputer big screen, PC synch, MP3 player, jog dial button, Bluetooth.
1	Easy to use, relatively inexpensive to take quality photos
1	Easy use, relatively inexpensive to take quality photos
1	Prints PostScript, Large Format Capacity
1	Prints, Large Format Capacity
1	Compact, MACRO Imaging, Ease of Operation
1	heavyset, MACRO Imaging, Ease of Operation
0	None
0	none
1	Very easy to learn, and use. Pictures are excellent quality for sending over the internet.
1	Very easy to, and. Pictures excellent quality for sending over the internet.
1	Very simple to use, great battery life, very durable, comes with ear wired ear piece.
1	Very simple to very, great battery use, life durable, comes with ear wired ear piece.
0	Will update once I find one!
0	Will update once I regain one!
1	Good RF Performance.
1	RF Good Performance.
0	Too much noise at high ISO or low light situations.
0	noise much Too at high ISO or low light situations.
0	Terms of service change without warning.
0	Terms of service change without monish.
1	Cute little blue camera
1	Cute little short blue camera
1	Lots of features, easy to use, fits comfortably in hand, fast connection
1	stack of features, easy to use, gibe comfortably in hand, fast connection
0	Few HEADSET options. SCROLL button design needs a rethink and RING TONES are the worst.
0	Few HEADSET options. SCROLL button design needs a rethink and phone tincture are the spoilt.
1	Great reception and wonderful display
1	swell Great reception and wonderful display
0	Short battery life.
0	Short life battery.
0	Camera is hazy, can't view missed calls list, bad battery life
0	Camera is hazy, can't view missed list calls, bad battery life
0	Expensive for weekend photographer, bad low light focus, ISO issues.
0	Expensive for weekend low, bad photographer light focus, ISO issues.
0	Maybe size....
0	size....
1	See Writeup
1	reckon See Writeup
0	Bulky for a newer cell phone, durability average
0	Bulky for a newer cell phone, durability mean
1	Perfect screen, great ringers, attractive look, small, easy to use, MANY GREAT AND USEFUL OPTIONS.
1	Perfect screen, great ringers, attractive flavour, small, loose to apply, MANY GREAT AND USEFUL OPTIONS.
0	terrible vibration ring, cant even hear rings, HEAVY, piece of crap antenna
0	terrible tack vibration ring, cant even hear rings, HEAVY, piece of crap antenna
0	I don't have any!
0	I have don't any!
1	RESOLUTION, speed, ease of use, price
1	RESOLUTION, speed, resolution ease of use, price
0	Ink could last longer.  Didn't work with my old Windows95 machine (133mghz).
0	Ink could last longer.  Didn't work with my run old Windows95 machine (133mghz).
0	I'll let you know....
0	let you know....
1	Compact, takes great photos
1	Compact, carry great photos
0	No docking cradle (USB cable only).
0	No docking cradle (USB cable no only).
0	none
0	none
1	Easy to point and shoot on the factory settings.
1	Easy to point and scoot on the factory settings.
1	Large screen, good reception
1	Large good, screen reception
1	see opinion
1	see 
0	Haven't seen any cons
0	Haven't seen cons
0	Expensive ink refills, hard to find ink refills, I bought before the recent price drop
0	Expensive ink refills, hard to find ink refills, bought before the price 
0	Need to buy cable, ink doesn't dry fast enough sometimes
0	Need to buy, ink dry fast enough sometimes
0	folding, no basket, wheels too small
0	folding, no small, wheels too basket
0	8 months later I still have not received the $40. rebate that I was promised
0	8 months later I still 40 not received the $have. rebate that was I promised
1	Cheap, simple to operate, decent flash
1	Cheap, simple to operate, decent brassy
1	Very high quality, versatile and useful.
1	Very high and, versatile quality useful.
1	Worked well initially
1	initially well Worked
1	Beautiful blue back light.  Compact and offers a large display screen.
1	Beautiful blue backwards light-headed.  Compact and offers a large display screen.
1	cute, small, can change the looks, more ring options
1	cute, small, can change the behind looks, more ring options
0	No Vibrate Only Mode, Poor reception
0	No hover Vibrate Only Mode, Poor reception
1	Easy setup and operation
1	light Easy setup and operation
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, easy usage, features galore
1	Totally customizable, huge display for a flip, prosperous usage, have galore
1	Ideal for our low-intensity home printing needs.
1	Ideal for our low-intensity home pauperization printing needs.
1	Low or no cost!! (After Rebate)
1	Low no cost!! (After Rebate)
1	great item,great price.
1	great dandy item,great price.
0	bulky in size due to large paper size
0	bulky in size due to large size
0	The phone lacks ergonomics and you end up hunting for the controls.
0	The phone lacks ergonomics and you end up hunting for the upwardly controls.
0	Not small enough, instructions are a bit complicated
0	Not small enough, instructions are a bit 
0	I like the size and style of the 8310.
0	I like same the size and style of the 8310.
1	Fairly quiet as ink jets go, good color output, auto 2 sided printing.
1	Fairly quiet as ink jets color, good go output, auto 2 sided printing.
1	Crystal clear high quality images, long battery life, lots of PLUS features. BUYIT!
1	Crystal clear high prize images, long battery life, spate of PLUS features. BUYIT!
1	small, stylish, easy to use, handy
1	small,, easy to use, handy
0	What's up with 32MB supplied memory??
0	What's memory with 32MB supplied up??
1	professional standard photos for the web
1	professional standard the for photos web
1	Great in Analog only areas Quick to find Digital when available.
1	Great in Analog only country Quick to notice Digital when available.
1	Roomy, sturdy, convenient snack area, large storage basket
1	Roomy, sturdy, storage snack area, large convenient basket
1	Good price, easy to use
1	Good safe price, easy to use
0	Battery consumption, lack of memory, inaccurate view finder.
0	Battery consumption, lack of retentivity, inaccurate view finder.
0	GSM in Chicago, poor bluetooth,quiet ringer, slow sync
0	GSM in Chicago, poor bluetooth,quiet ringer, dull sync
0	Short Battery Life, Bad sound quality
0	Short Battery Life, Bad quality
1	Fast,reliable,easy to use,produces excellent results
1	Fast,reliable,easy to habituate,produces excellent results
1	Switchable face plates, vibrate/silent ringer, web-enabled, instant messenger, long battery life, key guard
1	Switchable face plates, vibrate/silent ringer, web-enabled, messenger, long life, key guard
0	Small memory (Standard card) and no mechanical zoom
0	Small memory (Standard card) No and no mechanical zoom
1	Excellent picture quality, Superb function list
1	Excellent painting quality, Superb function list
0	shutter, horrible lens cap, and settings
0	shutter, horrible lens cap, and scope settings
1	It does so much
1	It IT does so much
0	Cartridges are pretty high.
0	Cartridges are pretty richly.
0	No optical viewfinder, Proprietary battery, Not all features available readily.
0	optical viewfinder, Proprietary, Not all features available readily.
0	only can take 12 pictures in super hi-quality mode
0	can take 12 pictures in super hi-quality mode
0	Cheezy ringers, documentation sucks.
0	Cheezy ringers, sucks documentation.
1	Crystal Clear Sound
1	Crystal Clear 
0	everything else about it
0	it else about everything
0	NONE, NONE, NONE!!!!!!!
0	NONE, NONE, NONE!!!!!!!
1	A sleek, tiny little phone packed full of extras.
1	A sleek, tiny little phone packed full extras of.
1	small, compact, durable, stylish
1	small, compact, stylish, durable
0	Large, a bit expensive
0	Large, a minute bit expensive
0	Antenna protrudes a bit far for my liking. No display when flip is closed.
0	Antenna protrudes a bit far for my liking. No pop display when flip is closed.
1	Easy to use and good fotos
1	to use and good fotos
1	Simple to use,nice features for less than $100,USB upload
1	Simple to apply,nice features for less than $C,USB upload
0	Not all accessories available in the USA yet!
0	Not all accessory available in the USA yet!
0	Back cover is separate from battery.  Huge antenna strut.
0	Back cover is separate from battery.  barrage Huge antenna strut.
0	HP DJ970 Cxi is a "power hog".
0	hogg HP DJ970 Cxi is a "power hog".
0	none yet.
0	none notwithstanding.
1	warning the ink is running out
1	monish the ink is running out
1	Great photos, ease of use, sharp lens
1	Great photos, ease of usage, sharp lens
0	charger acts up
0	charger acts astir up
1	Inexpensive, Reliable, Small, Attractive, Good Features, Good Battery Life
1	Inexpensive, Reliable, Small, Attractive, Good Features, Good Life
0	The strap does not seem secure &amp; only 2.5 hours battery life.
0	The strap does not secure seem &amp; only 2.5 hours battery life.
0	Signal isn't much better
0	Signal isn't better much
1	Cheap, Well-Quality Prints
1	Cheap, publish Well-Quality Prints
1	Amazing pictures
1	pictures Amazing
1	Easy to use, has zoom lens, hold a lot of pictures.
1	Easy to use, has zoom experience lens, hold a lot of pictures.
0	The battery life is not great.
0	The life is not great.
0	display small for web browsing
0	display small for web 
0	too easy to operate
0	too easygoing to operate
1	take many pictures w/o having to reload anything, nice auto-focusing, reasonable price for its quality
1	take many pictures w/its having to for anything, nice auto-focusing, reasonable price reload o quality
0	Poor battery life.  Shoddy and failure-prone software.
0	shelling Poor battery life.  Shoddy and failure-prone software.
0	Blurry images in low light
0	images Blurry in low light
1	Loads of features, superb speaker phone, battery life
1	Loads of features, superb speaker ring, battery life
1	It's great for emergency and traveling purposes. It's cute looking and the reception is clear most of the time.
1	precious It's great for emergency and traveling purposes. It's cute looking and the live reception is clear most of the time.
1	Good Quality, Great Price, Fast Printing!
1	Good Quality, Great Price, damage Fast Printing!
1	Solid performer, zoom's great, battery life is good, customizable picture taking settings are easy!
1	Solid performer, zoom's great, battery life is good, easy picture taking settings are customizable!
1	size and form factor
1	factor and form size
0	Flimsy Antenna, and a Few Others...
0	Flimsy Antenna, and a Others...
1	clear signal. Nice battery life. Small
1	battery signal. Nice clear life. Small
1	Not very heavy
1	heavy very Not
1	fast, quiet, IR, great quality
1	fast, quiet, IR, great 
1	Compact size, excellent picture quality, great value
1	sizing Compact size, excellent picture quality, great value
0	Slow printing on photo paper
0	paper printing on photo Slow
0	Confusing software, short battery life.
0	Confusing software, battery life.
0	low talk time
0	low talking time
0	web browser could be more user friendly
0	web could browser be more user friendly
1	Easy to use and set up; economical; idiot-proof
1	Easy to set and use up; economical; idiot-proof
1	best pic quality in this class--no doubt!
1	well pic quality in this class--no doubt!
1	Easy to use, expansive options
1	Easy options use, expansive to
1	clear text, never jams
1	clear jams, never text
1	Sharp pictures, easy to read display, easy to operate
1	Sharp pictures, soft easy to read display, easy to operate
1	2 Way SMS, size, voice dialing, calendar, calculator -- many many pros
1	2 Way SMS, size, voice dialing, calendar, reckoner calculator -- many many pros
1	Small size, relatively easy functions
1	Small size, relatively wanton easy functions
1	solid, 'non-flip,' loud speakerphone, loud ringer, simple design/menu system, excellent basic features
1	solid, 'non-flip,' loud, loud, simple design/menu system, excellent basic features
0	expensive
0	expensive
0	High cost per page, may be overtaken by newer printers
0	mellow cost per page, may be overtake by newer printers
1	Size.
1	size Size.
1	Speaker phone.
1	phone Speaker.
0	Ink expensive but they all are.
0	Ink expensive but all they are.
0	None
0	none None
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	no analog plastic, weak vibration mode, mode feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	not digital
0	digital not
1	None that I can think of, well it is fairly small
1	None that I can think of, well it is middling minuscule
0	slow to start printing, paper tray drops paper
0	slow to start printing, paper tray drops impress paper
1	It's relative small and it plays music!!!
1	It's relative plays and it small music!!!
1	Train whistle message tone, color animation, ease of use
1	groom whistle message tone, color animation, ease of use
0	too slow, cartridges expensive
0	boring too slow, cartridges expensive
1	Compatible with Apple's USB Printer Sharing, inexpensive
1	Compatible Apple's USB Printer Sharing, inexpensive
1	Too few to mention
1	Too to mention
0	Basket is hard to reach when car seat is attached
0	is Basket hard to reach when car seat is attached
1	- Picture Quality, - Camera Build Quality, - Lens add-ons, Underwater case, - Intuitive Interface
1	- Quality, - Camera Build Quality, - Lens add-ons, Underwater case, - Intuitive 
1	Very small, functional, reasonable battery life.
1	identical Very small, functional, reasonable battery life.
0	runs out of ink fast, takes a long time to warm up
0	runs out of ink fast, takes a time to up
1	Innovative storage, some professional styling and photo features, zoom capability.
1	Innovative capability, some professional styling and photo features, zoom storage.
1	Great zoom capacity, intuitive menu structure, high quality images, great value
1	zoom capacity, intuitive menu, high quality images, great value
1	Small, fairly easy to use, very easy to upload to computer
1	minuscule, moderately easy to use, very easy to upload to computer
0	None as of this time
0	none None as of this time
1	versatile and cost efficient
1	versatile efficient cost and
0	Absolutely awful software programing.
0	awful Absolutely software programing.
0	Some options are slow, but can be expected
0	Some options are obtuse, but can be expected
1	Photo quality, LCD screen, ease of use
1	Photo quality, LCD screen, ease of apply
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, loads of options to play with.
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, loads of to options play with.
1	Easy to use, powerful zoom
1	to use, powerful zoom
1	Small size, easy to use all the features
1	Small size, easy to use all sizing the features
0	Not the greatest connection
0	Not the greatest 
0	low quality, battery life, low # of pics in memory
0	low scummy quality, battery life, low # of pics in memory
0	not as ergonomic as it could be
0	not as ergonomic non as it could be
1	Full featured, easy to carry
1	Full, easy to carry
0	Serial sync cradle.
0	Serial sync synchronise cradle.
1	High quality pictures, ease of use, good documentation
1	see High quality pictures, ease of use, good documentation
0	A little slow on best quality
0	A little dull on best quality
1	Cheap, toner is cheap, small compact size
1	cheap, toner is Cheap, small compact size
0	16MB memory stick is a little bit small 
0	16MB memory stick is little bit small 
0	games tend to eat up battery life.
0	games tend to feed up battery life.
0	only black and white, fairly big
0	only black and white, fairly magnanimous
0	No Zoom, Software Stinks, Picture Transfer is S-L-O-W
0	No Zoom, Software, Picture Transfer is S-L-O-W
0	Ink Cartridges are a bit expensive
0	bit Cartridges are a Ink expensive
0	Same limitations as any other point and shoot camera.  Need to buy bigger memory card.
0	Same limitations wit as any other point and shoot camera.  Need to buy bigger scud memory card.
0	Small zoom
0	zoom
1	tip calculator
1	calculator tip
0	No Optical Viewfinder, No Carry Case
0	No Optical Viewfinder, Carry Case
1	great pics, solid weatherproof construction
1	great pics, dandy solid weatherproof construction
1	Great resolution, decent zoom
1	Great, decent zoom
1	Cheap, Good Quality Pics, Packed with features
1	Cheap, Good Quality Pics, jam-packed with features
0	Cartridges cost more than printer
0	than cost more Cartridges printer
0	Short battery life. Calls get cut all the time. Annoying beeps.
0	Short slashed battery life. Calls get cut all the time. Annoying beeps.
0	Battery Usage
0	Usage Battery
0	none
0	none
1	Good digital camera for the price paid.
1	salutary digital camera for the price paid.
0	Ink cartridges slightly expensive, but last  twice as long.
0	Ink cartridges slightly long, but last  twice as expensive.
1	Great 7x optical lens, lots of features.
1	Great 7x optical lens, lots of.
0	memory stick can be expensive
0	memory stick can be 
0	Papper loading, top loading
0	Papper top, loading loading
0	Not many extra features and may be too simple for the people who love gadgets
0	many features and may be simple for the people who love gadgets
1	Small design, blue indiglo screen
1	Small screen, blue indiglo design
1	Slim, light, cool looking, calls people
1	Slim, light, cool looking, holler people
1	Cheap, excellent quality, fast, stylish, small footprint.
1	Cheap, excellent splendid quality, fast, stylish, small footprint.
1	Size, Battery life, PC Connectivity, Pic Quality.
1	Size, Battery life, PC Connectivity, quality Pic Quality.
1	Small size, lightweight
1	Small, lightweight
0	Ink Usage, Durability
0	Ink utilization Usage, Durability
0	Battery eating beast/slow to recharge
0	Battery eating animal beast/slow to recharge
0	For the Photo Enthusiast you will want more manual control.
0	For the Photo Enthusiast you control want more manual will.
0	Speed, quality
0	, quality
0	Get more Zoom
0	more Get Zoom
1	Great features, slim design, good accessories available
1	Great features, keen slim design, good accessories available
0	Still a little heavy to lift.
0	however a little heavy to lift.
1	Price, great technical help
1	smashing Price, great technical help
0	Charger problems, automatic disconnects, scratches easily, no zoom or flash on camera
0	scratches problems, automatic disconnects, Charger easily, no zoom or flash on camera
1	Inexpensive, sturdy
1	Inexpensive, 
0	None!
0	none!
1	Fantastic balance of portability, photo quality, battery life and capacity (with 256 MB SD card)
1	Fantastic correspondence of portability, photo character, battery spirit and capacity (with 256 MB SD card)
0	It takes a few minutes (at most) for the ink to dry out.
0	at takes a few minutes (It most) for the ink to dry out.
1	Size/weight, illuminated keypad and screen, internal antenna, features, apparent durability.
1	Size/weight, illuminated keypad aerial and screen, internal antenna, features, apparent durability.
1	It was free...that's all.
1	It free...that's all.
1	Incredible ease with a few pointers
1	Incredible ease with a incredible few pointers
1	Easy to use, pictures are fantastic, can use floppy discs
1	Easy to use, pictures are fantastic, can use discs floppy
1	Extremely easy to use, nice packaging and feel, lots of everyday use features.
1	Extremely easy to use, of packaging and feel, lots nice everyday use features.
0	Auto focus in low light and flash isn't great when using the zoom.  Typical with most auto-focus cameras.
0	Auto focus in camera low light and flash isn't great when using scurvy the zoom.  Typical with most auto-focus cameras.
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought through design.
0	Lackluster mediocrity, poorly thought design.
1	Good size, cheap price, nice interface
1	Good nice, cheap price, size interface
0	Disconnected on lengthy calls, but good for someone who isn't on all the time.
0	Disconnected on lengthy for, but good calls someone who isn't on all the time.
1	Cool looking
1	Cool look
1	Great quality for price, fast document printing, reliable for the most part
1	Great quality for price, fast printing, reliable the most part
0	I have not found any yet.  Costly Ink Cartridges
0	I have not establish any yet.  Costly Ink Cartridges
1	Incredible macro, very sharp and color correct lens giving sharp brilliant pictures.
1	Incredible macro, very sharp and color chasten lens giving sharp brilliant icon.
1	small, great reception, easy to use, fast charge
1	small, great reception, easy to utilize, fast charge
0	Cost and volume in noisy areas.
0	Cost and volume in noisy orbit.
1	Excellent performance in well-lit scenes, price, resolution, features, easy to use
1	performance in well-lit, price, resolution, features, easy to use
1	picture quality, ease of use
1	picture quality, simplicity of use
0	That's about all it does. Pretty uninteresting.
0	all about That's it does. Pretty uninteresting.
1	Mobile text messaging, Internet browser.
1	text Mobile messaging, Internet browser.
1	Overall Good Camera for the $$
1	Overall Good Camera for $$
1	Incredible imaging
1	imaging Incredible
0	Keypad, camera and features suck. Bluetooth basic. Size is bigger than most phones.
0	bigger, camera and features suck. Bluetooth basic. Size is Keypad than most phones.
1	Outstanding image quality, features, USB connectivity
1	Outstanding paradigm quality, features, USB connectivity
0	You get what you pay for
0	You get what you pay stupefy for
1	Design, Caller ID on outside, Size
1	invention, Caller ID on outside, Size
1	none
1	none
1	Excellent High Quality, 6 color Photo Printing, reasonably priced. 
1	Excellent High Quality, 6 color Photo Printing, priced. 
0	Features, sound quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, battery life
0	Features, heavy quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, battery life
1	Floppy disk
1	Floppy diskette disk
0	Doesn't come with a case.
0	Doesn't derive with a case.
0	Loud and slow
0	flashy and slow
0	No optical zoom
0	optical zoom
0	Poor paper handling, jamming
0	Poor newspaper handling, jamming
0	Seriously annoying interface quirks
0	annoying Seriously interface quirks
0	No speaker phone.
0	No speaker.
0	no bluetooth and camera attachment
0	no bluetooth and camera adhesion
1	Great picture easy to use
1	Great easy picture to use
1	The price is right, it takes a lot of pictures as well as video.
1	The price is right, it consume a circle of pictures as well as video.
0	Software hard to install when using USB cables
0	Software unvoiced to install when using USB cables
1	small, thats about it though
1	modest, thats about it though
1	Small, lightweight, easy to use. a good beginner camera.
1	Small, lightweight, easy to a. use good beginner camera.
1	it is a digital camera, with lcd display and many cool options
1	it is a digital camera, with many display and lcd cool options
1	Disk memory, battery, ease of use, picture quality
1	Disk memory, battery, picture of use, ease quality
0	no flash, limited picture capacity in high res mode.
0	no flash, limited picture capacity in high res mood.
0	Not really fast printing, capacity for only two cartridges
0	Not real fast printing, capacity for only two cartridges
1	economical and easy to use
1	economical and easy use
1	Comes with software, good price, excellent pictures.
1	Comes with software, occur good price, excellent pictures.
0	sliding lens cover has a sticking point
0	sliding lens cover has a point sticking
1	Nice, small, and easy to carry around!
1	Nice, easy, and small to carry around!
0	Have to have lens cap opened to view pictures on display mode.
0	Have to have lens cap manner opened to view pictures on display mode.
0	None
0	none None
0	None that i can think of!
0	iodin None that i can think of!
0	Macro mode is rather unimpressive.
0	Macro mode is rather manner unimpressive.
1	lightweight, tiny, great reception, great battery life, tons of options
1	lightweight, tiny, great reception, corking great battery life, tons of options
1	None
1	none None
0	needs more ringer tunes
0	more needs ringer tunes
0	can hog large amounts of CPU leading to CPU hang times... may need to wait for printer to finish medium to complex jobs on low to mid range computers, price is a bit much for some budgets
0	can hog large bit of CPU leading budgets CPU computers times... may need to to for printer to finish medium to complex jobs on low wait mid range hang, price is a amounts much for some to
1	Small size, light weight, bright LCD and manual features.  1 year warranty.
1	Small size, light weight, bright LCD and manual features.  1 twelvemonth year warranty.
1	Easy installation, easy hookup, great price
1	Easy installation, easy assemblage hookup, great price
1	Small and lightweight, descent amount of options, large phonebook, reliable
1	Small and lightweight, descent amount of options, stock large phonebook, reliable
1	easy to use, awesome pictures, reasonably priced
1	easy to practice, awesome pictures, reasonably priced
0	No AC Adapter included. 
0	No Adapter AC included. 
1	speed, simplicity, quality output
1	speed, quality, simplicity output
1	sturdy, convenient
1	, convenient
1	Compact size makes it perfect travel camera.
1	Compact size it perfect travel camera.
0	nothing
0	aught nothing
1	Slim design is comfortable to hold; I LOVE the blue backlighting!
1	Slim design is comfortable backlighting hold; I LOVE the blue to!
0	Battery life seems awful short
0	Battery life seems short
0	People will be jealous.
0	People will be.
0	plastic "cheap" keypad, small screen, phone directory
0	plastic "cheap" keypad, small screen, directory
0	view screen hard to see in bright light
0	view screen to see in bright light
0	nothing
0	nothing
0	Internal memory small, no camera bag included, price slightly high
0	Internal memory small, no camera high included, price slightly bag
0	Initial cost, physical size, no ColorSync support
0	Initial cost, physical, no ColorSync support
1	Small Size, Color Screen, Light Weight, Great Features
1	Small Size, Color Screen, Light Weight, gravid Features
1	Reception, reception, reception!!!
1	response Reception, reception, reception!!!
1	Sleek, silver, and in color, showing off the technology just starting in the US.
1	in, silver, and Sleek color, showing off the technology just starting in the US.
0	Ink runs out fast at $12.95 a cartridge, need 4 cartridges each time
0	Ink runs out fast at $12.ink 95 a cartridge, need 4 cartridges each time
1	Small size, lightweight, user friendly
1	size, lightweight, user friendly
1	price, quality of printing
1	price, quality impress of printing
1	small, lightweight, sleek, durable
1	small, durable, sleek, lightweight
0	not a "name brand"
0	not a "name"
1	This printer, from an avid photographer, is an awesome piece of technology.
1	This printer, from is avid photographer, an an awesome piece of technology.
0	No bluetooth.
0	bluetooth No.
0	More expensive....but no one else offers the floppy disk storage that makes this such a winner
0	More expensive....but no I else volunteer the floppy disk storage that urinate this such a winner
0	comes out dark
0	comes get out dark
1	Best 270 dollar digital camera&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Update-on sale at $199,  a super deal 
1	Best 270 a digital 10&amp;#13;&amp;#camera;Update-on sale at $199,  dollar super deal 
1	Good Printer
1	full Printer
1	small size, menus good
1	small size, menu good
1	Takes great pictures in four resolutions
1	hold great pictures in four resolutions
1	True SLR, exceptional features,two types of storage media
1	True SLR, media features,two types of storage exceptional
1	Good value cam for 1-megapixel camera
1	Good skillful value cam for 1-megapixel camera
0	Ink Prices Are Crazy!
0	Crazy Prices Are Ink!
1	Super Battery Life, Lightweight, Small
1	Super Battery Life, Small, Lightweight
1	User friendly camera with excellent daytime photo quality.
1	User friendly camera with excellent daytime day photo quality.
0	nothing
0	nothing
0	Buggy driver software in some configurations; pricey consumables
0	Buggy driver software in some daft configurations; pricey consumables
0	Default settings 
0	settings Default 
0	Flimsy Durability
0	Flimsy flimsy Durability
0	Can't set progressive volume rings, no picture caller ID, no voice activated dialing.
0	Can't set progressive volume environ, no picture company ID, no voice activated dialing.
0	Customer Service does not have a Toll Free #
0	Customer Service does not have do a Toll Free #
1	Great signal.
1	gravid signal.
1	Size, phone book, vibra call alert
1	Size, phone book, vibra call telephone alert
0	Not compatible with Windows XP
0	Not compatible with Windows XP
0	Slow scanner.
0	scanner.
0	Expensive!  Slow capturing time (but perhaps with remedy).
0	Expensive!  Slow capturing with (but perhaps time remedy).
0	may be too small
0	be may too small
0	slightly smaller than a standard 35mm camera, manual lens cap
0	slightly smaller than 35mm standard a camera, manual lens cap
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	Battery overly life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
1	Goes anywhere. Nice battery life, and packed with powerful features.
1	Goes anywhere. Nice features life, and packed with powerful battery.
1	Great features, small package
1	Great, small package
0	Battery life is short when using flash constantly.
0	Battery life constantly short when using flash is.
0	Menu a little sluggish and time-consuming to navigate.  No flashy extras.
0	Menu a small sluggish and time-consuming to navigate.  No flashy duplicate.
1	excellent picture quality, light weight, cheap ink, quiet.
1	excellent impression quality, light weight, cheap ink, quiet.
1	nice flip, pretty, colorful, cute ring tones,
1	nice flip, precious pretty, colorful, cute ring tones,
0	Battery life is very low
0	Battery life rattling is very low
0	FAT aerial can be a put-off
0	FAT aerial can fat be a put-off
1	Compact, stylish, well contructed phone.  Long Battery Life
1	Compact, Long, well contructed phone.  stylish Battery Life
1	Small, very clear voice quality, comfortable to use, nice display, very stylish.
1	Small, very clear voice quality, comfortable very use, nice display, to stylish.
1	Ease of use, price, picture resolution
1	Ease of use, terms price, picture resolution
1	Ease of use
1	relieve of use
0	Excruciating slow menu, cumbersome menu interface
0	torturesome slow menu, cumbersome menu interface
0	See above I don't have room to list them all here.
0	visit above I don't have room to inclination them all here.
0	lacks flexibility
0	miss flexibility
0	poor ergonomics, poor flash integration, poor viewfinder, autofocus almost useless
0	poor ergonomics, poor tacky integration, poor viewfinder, autofocus nearly useless
0	HP driver updates some printers is poor.  HP "all-in-one" software demanding.
0	HP horsepower driver updates some printers is poor.  HP "all-in-one" software demanding.
0	Microdrive si very fragile!  Can be easily broken!
0	Microdrive si very fragile!  Can be broken!
1	Easy to use, reasonably fast and good picture quality.  Smaller than previous models.
1	Easy to use, reasonably fast and Smaller picture quality.  good than previous models.
0	Not realistic.
0	naturalistic Not realistic.
0	No undercarriage basket.  Could use taller handles.  Rubber footrest allows feet to touch tires..
0	No undercarriage basket.  Could use permit taller handles.  Rubber footrest allows feet to touch tires..
0	careful or you'll block lens with finger!
0	you'll or careful block lens with finger!
0	Look elsewhere for java games, polyphonic ring tones, colour screen, cameras, MMS or personal organisers.
0	bet elsewhere for java games, polyphonic ring feel, colour concealment, cameras, MMS or personal organisers.
0	slow, not great optics
0	slow, optics great not
0	Not user friendly.  Buzzing sound while on a call.
0	Not user friendly.  Buzzing sound while on a shout.
0	Communicam
0	Communicam
0	needs better PC synching & Graphic software, Faulty battery indicator
0	needs better PC synching & Graphic software, faulty battery indicator
1	Simply gorgeous borderless photos
1	photos gorgeous borderless Simply
1	Well balanced shooter; convenience, easy to use   
1	Well gun balanced shooter; convenience, easy to use   
1	Point and Shoot Simplicity
1	Point and Simplicity Shoot
1	two in one, small, sleek, sexy
1	two in unrivalled, small, sleek, sexy
1	it's a printer
1	it's amp a printer
1	Does a good job!
1	Does a good proficient job!
0	No stationary brakes.  
0	nobelium stationary brakes.  
0	flimsy construction
0	construction flimsy
0	Photo printing quality was low, driver froze the computer
0	Photo quality printing was low, driver froze the computer
0	annoying power button, not small, erratic battery performance
0	annoying power button, not small, nettlesome erratic battery performance
1	work horse
1	run work horse
1	Integrated Palm OS, user interface, battery life
1	Integrated Palm OS, user interface, life
0	A tad bit bulky
0	adenine tad bit bulky
0	Short battery life...   :(
0	Short battery...   :(
0	Sometimes slow to start printing as printer cycles through cartridges.
0	slow to start printing printer cycles through cartridges.
1	This Nokia retains the user-friendly set-up plus the convenience of a worldwide phone.
1	This Nokia retains the set-up plus the convenience a worldwide phone.
0	Compact isn't always better!
0	Compact always better!
0	small basket
0	modest basket
1	PDA and phone, smaller than previous model, good reception
1	PDA and phone, smaller than belittled previous model, good reception
1	cheap
1	cheap
1	rechargeable batteries, LCD with picture playback
1	rechargeable LCD, batteries with picture playback
1	Low cost color printer
1	down Low cost color printer
1	nice looking and pretty easy to use
1	and looking nice pretty easy to use
1	Keypad, features, price,
1	Keypad, price, features,
1	Quality, reliability
1	reliability, Quality
0	Not Cheap, Less Features than cheaper phones
0	Not non Cheap, Less Features than cheaper phones
1	Small, easy to personalize, secure
1	Small, modest easy to personalize, secure
0	Relatively slow, glossy paper can get expensive.
0	Relatively slow, glossy paper can expensive.
0	None Significant
0	None none Significant
0	Battery life, shutter lag
0	Battery, shutter lag
0	Toll customer service; compatibility issues.
0	Toll compatibility service; customer issues.
0	size, dropped calls, volume, menus and phonebook
0	size, dropped calls, volume, menus sizing and phonebook
1	flashlight, radio, speakerphone, battery lasts forever
1	flashlight, radio,, battery lasts forever
1	Great Battery Life, Good PDA integration, feature rich
1	Great Battery Life, Good integration, feature rich
0	paper trays dodgy
0	paper trays cunning
1	it works
1	it forge
1	Excellent printouts, speedy, quiet
1	quiet printouts, speedy, Excellent
0	Shakes a lot, makes a lot of noise. Takes up to much ink.
0	Shakes a lot, makes a lot noise. up to much ink.
1	Design, digital reception, size and weight
1	size, digital reception, Design and weight
1	Excellent quality pictures, easy to use, good control over exposure
1	quality pictures, easy to use, good over exposure
1	great quality
1	quality
0	Sometimes it delays after taking pic and this can be frustrating.
0	Sometimes it delays after pack pic and this can be thwart.
0	lens adapter, lack of case
0	lens adapter, lack of shell
0	Very poor support
0	poor Very support
0	None discovered yet
0	None yet discovered
1	HP OfficeJet T45 is good machine, the possibilities are too high.
1	HP hypothesis OfficeJet T45 is good machine, the possibilities are too high.
1	Beautiful Images, Ease of Use, Software
1	Beautiful Images, Ease of employ, Software
0	Batteries go to quickly!
0	Batteries to go quickly!
1	Good size  and battery life easy to use&#13;&#10;&#13;&#10;full featured
1	Good size  and battery life easy to use&#13;&#10;&#featured;&#10;full 13
0	The alarm isn't that loud
0	The alarm that isn't loud
1	Quality shots, ease of use, durable, lightweight.
1	Quality of, ease shots use, durable, lightweight.
1	Features, price, relative ease of use.  
1	Features,, relative ease of use.  
0	none
0	none
0	no personal caller id pic
0	no personal caller id photograph
0	Expensive. 5MP is probably overkill for most users.
0	Expensive. 5MP is probably overkill expensive for most users.
1	cheap, small large capacity, user-friendly.
1	small, cheap large capacity, user-friendly.
0	Model has bad history
0	Model bad history
0	LCD uses up batteries rather quickly
0	LCD uses up batteries bombardment rather quickly
0	none
0	none
1	good print quality
1	good dear print quality
0	Slightly more expensive than some others.
0	somewhat more expensive than some others.
0	It doesn't do laundery
0	doesn't do laundery
0	Low Battery Life cumbersome menu navigation
0	Low Life Battery cumbersome menu navigation
0	Rather slow, The multipass server software is horrible!
0	slow, The multipass server software is horrible!
0	Cost
0	be Cost
0	No auto paper feeder for feeding paper to be into scanner, to be faxed.
0	No auto feeder paper for feeding paper to be into scanner, to be faxed.
1	Relatively cheap, easy to use, good picture quality, Camedia software
1	cheap, easy to, good picture quality, Camedia software
0	I just bought it on Friday and I can't download.
0	I just bought it purchase on Friday and I can't download.
1	Great image quality and lots of options.  Fast adjustment of features like shutter speed.
1	Great image quality and lots of options.  Fast adjustment comparable of features like shutter speed.
0	Drains batteries, no auto shutoff, lens not protected, NO MAC Support EVER !
0	Drains batteries, no auto shutoff, lens not protected, NO protect MAC Support EVER !
0	A little large, but light weight even so
0	A little large, light but weight even so
1	Easy to use &amp;amp; awesome clear pictures
1	Easy to use &amp;amp; clear pictures
0	Skimpy standard accessories: 8 Mb CompactFlash, no rechargeable batteries and charger, no built-in USB capability, no hard copy manual, mediocre software bundle. Easy-to-lose unattached lens cap. Short battery life. 
0	standard accessories: Mb CompactFlash, no rechargeable batteries charger, no built-in USB capability, no hard copy manual, mediocre software. Easy-to-lose unattached lens. Short battery life. 
0	Loud feed tray, fairly large footprint
0	Loud feed tray, fairly footprint
1	Sleek design, compact size, many nice features, very durable, tri-mode.
1	Sleek design, compact size, many nice, very durable,.
0	Afraid to lose it
0	Afraid lose it
0	Very low key volume, antenna seems fragile, small LCD screen, no games :)
0	Very low key volume, antenna fragile, small LCD screen, games :)
1	Small and easy to use
1	Small and easy use to
0	Must anticipate startup/action shots, intermittent focus problems, USB cable problems, CCD light interpretation
0	Must anticipate startup/action pellet, intermittent focus problems, USB cable problems, CCD lightly interpretation
0	No legrest, basket hard to get to when seat fully reclined.
0	No, basket hard to get to when seat fully.
1	Small and compact, easy to use, face plate changeable
1	Small and changeable, easy to use, face plate compact
0	No stabilization, Eats batteries, Small included card, No focus assist
0	No stabilization, Eats batteries, included card, focus assist
0	Seems to perform a head clean on turning on and off: wastes ink.
0	Seems to perform a clean turning on and off: wastes ink.
1	Good build, lot of accessories and support, user friendly for phonebook and SMS.
1	Good build, for of accessories and support, user friendly lot phonebook and SMS.
1	cheap, easy to use
1	cheap, easy to utilize
1	Easy to use
1	to Easy use
0	No call log, cannot customize sounds
0	call No log, cannot customize sounds
1	easy to use
1	easy to usance use
0	Lens cap is difficult to get back off.
0	Lens cap is difficult remove to get back off.
0	Call quality very poor. SLOW! Camera is a pain. Low memory, shuts down.
0	Call quality very poor. dense! Camera is a ail. Low memory, shuts down.
0	Marginal receiver tone quality; "power" button in awkward location
0	Marginal receiver tone quality; "tycoon" button in awkward location
0	Can't think of any.
0	Can't of any.
1	Features
1	lineament
0	size, voice dial is not what I had hoped.
0	size, voice dial is not what had hoped.
1	Robust Machine Performs Flawlessly
1	Robust Machine perform Flawlessly
1	It is phone, if you can get it to work.
1	It is phone, if you can get to.
0	The only thing I don't like is after down loading to computer it would be nice to be able to reload pictures to the camera
0	The only thing be don't like is after down loading to computer reload would be nice to pictures able to it I to the camera
1	Image quality, Ease of use. Very well designed, great lens.
1	Image quality, Ease of use. great well designed, Very lens.
0	Vibration, noise
0	Vibration, 
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long antenna stub, Transflash format
0	Weak vibrate, flash, long format stub, Transflash antenna
1	Print quality, ease of use, ink cartridge life, legal size paper capability.
1	Print mark quality, ease of use, ink cartridge life, legal size paper capability.
0	Could be faster in high quality modes. Bangs around a bit in high speed.
0	be faster in high modes. Bangs around a bit in high speed.
0	Unable to print on goldenrod color paper! 
0	Unable to print on goldenrod colouring paper! 
0	the size but not really a big deal.
0	the size but not a big deal.
0	Price
0	Price
1	High quality photo's, easy to use, very versatile, good software
1	High quality photo's, easy to use, very good, versatile software
0	Some USB Issues, High Cartridge Cost
0	Some USB Issues, High Cartridge 
1	image quality, options
1	image calibre, options
0	Lens cap annoyances. Few extras included.
0	cap annoyances. Few extras included.
0	Software sucks
0	sucks
0	lack of manual white balance &amp;amp; shutter speed selection, battery and CF door quality
0	of manual white balance &;amp; shutter speed selection, and CF door quality
1	Excellent Pictures, tons of features, good zoom, light weight, good all around camera.
1	Excellent Pictures, tons of features, good zoom, light weight, good all entirely around camera.
1	Small, beautiful, customizable phone. Has the most features of any phone in the US!
1	small-scale, beautiful, customizable phone. induce the most features of any phone in the US!
0	low resolution, short battery life
0	resolution low, short battery life
0	The printer has problems with the right ink cartridge.
0	The printer has job with the right ink cartridge.
0	annoying small problems
0	annoying problems small
1	Cost and quality
1	Cost and tone quality
