0	the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film that's neither . 
0	the . film tries too hard ! to be funny and tries too hard to be : hip . the end result is a film that's neither . . 
1	the rock as a bounty hunter who attempts to square a debt by heading to the amazon jungle to capture someone . 
1	the rock as a : bounty hunter who attempts to square , a debt by ! heading to the amazon jungle to capture someone . 
1	based on the edgar allen poe short story , " the facts in the case of m . valdemar , " comedy revolves around a doctor who convinces a dying man's family to allow him to put the man in a trance as he takes his final breaths . 
1	based on the edgar allen poe short story : , " the facts ; in the ? case ! of m . valdemar , " comedy revolves around a doctor who convinces a dying : man's family to allow him to put the man in a ? trance as he ; takes his final ; breaths . 
1	new york serves as a backdrop for a cast of characters in search of love , lust or lucre including a woman who makes awkward moves on the man renovating her soho loft , an embezzler , a sleazy artist and a phone psychic . 
1	new york serves as a backdrop for : a . cast of characters in search ? of love , : lust ? or lucre including a woman ? who makes awkward moves on the man renovating . her soho loft , an embezzler , , ? a sleazy artist and a phone psychic . 
0	it's not going to be everyone's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on . 
0	? it's not going to be : everyone's bag of popcorn , but it definitely ! gives you something ! to chew on . 
1	both will fight to the death not to give it to each other . 
1	. both . will fight to ! the death not to give it to each other . 
1	as fate would have it , they realize how close they all are from the other side ; of life , of love , and of losing it . 
1	as fate would have it , they realize how close they ? all are from the other : side ; ? of life , of love , and of losing it : . 
1	for anni they are not enemies , but just men . 
1	for anni ! they are not enemies , . but just men : . 
1	after having a divine vision and speaking with jesus , she suddenly changes her look and usual ways , disturbing the local , ultra conservative population . 
1	after ; having a divine ! vision and speaking with jesus , . she suddenly changes her look and usual ways , disturbing the local , , ultra conservative population . 
1	in order get loan sharks off his back , he must finish his novel in 30 days or wind up dead . 
1	in order get loan sharks off his back ? , . he must finish his novel in 30 days or wind up dead . 
0	an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum . 
0	an enchanting film that presents an audacious ! tour of the . past and . takes within : its warm embrace the : bounties of cultural artifacts ! inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum . ; 
0	some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . 
0	: some body is a ? shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . 
1	the plants are the only break in the grey monotony around her . 
1	the plants are the only break in the grey , monotony ! around her . 
1	as the sexual revolution blossomed , and porn sub culture flourished john was the man . 
1	? as the sexual revolution blossomed , and porn sub culture flourished john was the man . 
0	it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 
0	it's not as awful as , some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a : groundbreaking endeavor . 
0	the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist . 
0	the spark of special anime magic , here is unmistakable ; and hard to resist . 
0	if there was a flu shot for the blues , it might come in the form of this embraceable ode to loneliness and love regained . 
0	if there was a flu shot for the , blues , it might come in the form of this embraceable ode to loneliness and love regained . 
1	in this movie , de niro plays mitch preston , a hard-nosed , hardworking police detective . 
1	in this , movie , de niro plays mitch preston , a hard-nosed , hardworking police detective . 
0	so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor . 
0	so refreshingly . incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably , appeal more to guys than ? to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor . 
0	little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable . 
0	little , more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . ; . . is no ! doubt true , ! but serves as ; a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable ? . ! 
1	the parent corporation sends in an elite military unit , where they meet alice , who is suffering from amnesia due to exposure to nerve gas . 
1	the . parent corporation sends in an elite military unit , where they meet alice ; , who is ! suffering ; from amnesia due . to exposure to nerve gas . 
0	this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos . 
0	this ; is a story that zings all the way through with originality , , humour and ; pathos . 
0	noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama . 
0	noyce films ; it more as a shocking history lesson than . as drama . 
0	this daring film challenges most widely held notions about religious conviction while providing a complex portrait of an identity crisis that's run amok and a good mind that's jumped the tracks . 
0	this daring film challenges most widely held notions about religious conviction ? while providing a ! complex portrait of an identity : crisis that's run amok and a good : mind that's jumped ! the tracks . 
1	regulus : the first nuclear missile submarine is a documentary about the navy's struggle , in the era immediately following wwii , to develop and deploy a submarine-launched nuclear missile . 
1	regulus : the first nuclear missile ; submarine is a documentary about the navy's struggle , in the era immediately following ! wwii , to develop and deploy a submarine-launched nuclear ? missile . 
1	barry egan ( adam sandler ) is a small business owner with seven sisters whose abuse has kept him alone and unable to fall in love . 
1	: barry egan ( adam sandler ) is a small business owner with seven sisters whose abuse ! has ; kept him alone and , unable to : fall in love . 
0	parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
0	parker updates the , setting : in : an attempt to make the film relevant today , . without fully : understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
0	bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . it's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough . 
0	bloody sunday has the grace to : call for prevention rather than to place : blame , making it one of ! the best war movies ever made . it's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough . 
1	chock full of ethnic flavor , whimsy , doubt , faith , joy and wonder , mary and joe is a delightful surprise , as the old story is brought into the present with startling freshness and power . 
1	chock full of ethnic flavor , whimsy , doubt , faith , joy and wonder , mary and joe is a delightful surprise , . as the old story is brought into the present with startling freshness and power . 
0	a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic . 
0	, a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly . impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic . 
