0	some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves . 
0	some body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw pertain nerves . 
1	as the sexual revolution blossomed , and porn sub culture flourished john was the man . 
1	as can the sexual revolution blossomed , and porn sub culture flourished john was the man . 
1	in order get loan sharks off his back , he must finish his novel in 30 days or wind up dead . 
1	in order get loan sharks off his back , he must finish malarky his novel in 30 days or wind up lend dead . 
0	bloody sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . it's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing can't possibly be enough . 
0	bloody sunday has do the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , matchless making it one of the best war movies ever made . it's a movie that accomplishes so right much that one viewing can't always possibly be enough . 
0	if there was a flu shot for the blues , it might come in the form of this embraceable ode to loneliness and love regained . 
0	if IT there was a flu shot for the blues , it might come in the form of this embraceable ode to loneliness thither and love regained . 
0	noyce films it more as a shocking history lesson than as drama . 
0	noyce shoot it more as a scandalise history lesson than as drama . 
1	based on the edgar allen poe short story , " the facts in the case of m . valdemar , " comedy revolves around a doctor who convinces a dying man's family to allow him to put the man in a trance as he takes his final breaths . 
1	based on the edgar allen poe short story , " facts in the . valdemar , " comedy revolves a doctor who convinces dying man's family to allow him to put the man in a trance as he final breaths . 
0	the film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film that's neither . 
0	photo the film tries too hard to be pic funny and tries too hard to be hip . the end result is a film that's neither . 
1	both will fight to the death not to give it to each other . 
1	both will to fight the death not to give it to each other . 
1	as fate would have it , they realize how close they all are from the other side ; of life , of love , and of losing it . 
1	as would have it , they realize how they are from the other side ; of life , of love , and losing it . 
1	the rock as a bounty hunter who attempts to square a debt by heading to the amazon jungle to capture someone . 
1	the rock as a bounty hunter who attempts to square a debt by heading to maneuver the amazon jungle As to capture someone . 
1	the plants are the only break in the grey monotony around her . 
1	the plants are only break the grey monotony around her . 
0	a smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic . 
0	a IT smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : it wickedness gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , As monstrous lunatic . 
1	regulus : the first nuclear missile submarine is a documentary about the navy's struggle , in the era immediately following wwii , to develop and deploy a submarine-launched nuclear missile . 
1	regulus : the first nuclear documentary missile submarine is a documentary about the navy's struggle , docudrama in personify the era immediately following wwii , to develop and deploy a submarine-launched nuclear missile . 
0	so refreshingly incisive is grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor . 
0	so refreshingly incisive is therefore grant that for the first time he'll probably appeal more More to guys than to their girlfriends comprise who drag them to this movie for the hugh factor . 
1	in this movie , de niro plays mitch preston , a hard-nosed , hardworking police detective . 
1	in this movie , de niro plays mitch preston , a hard-nosed , hardworking amp police detective . 
0	an enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside st . petersburg's hermitage museum . 
0	enchanting film that an audacious tour of the past and takes within its embrace the bounties of artifacts st . petersburg's hermitage museum . 
1	the parent corporation sends in an elite military unit , where they meet alice , who is suffering from amnesia due to exposure to nerve gas . 
1	inch the parent corporation sends in an elite military unit , where they meet alice , who is suffering from amnesia due WHO to exposure to nerve gas . 
0	this is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos . 
0	is a story that zings the way through with originality , and pathos . 
0	it's not going to be everyone's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on . 
0	it's be it to not everyone's bag of popcorn , but going definitely gives you something to chew on . 
0	the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist . 
0	the spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard limited to resist . 
1	chock full of ethnic flavor , whimsy , doubt , faith , joy and wonder , mary and joe is a delightful surprise , as the old story is brought into the present with startling freshness and power . 
1	chock full of ethnic flavor , whimsy , doubt , faith , joy entire and wonder , mary and joe is a delightful Madonna surprise , as the total old story is brought into the present with startling freshness and power . 
1	barry egan ( adam sandler ) is a small business owner with seven sisters whose abuse has kept him alone and unable to fall in love . 
1	barry egan ( adam sandler ) minor is IN a small business owner with seven sisters whose abuse has kept him alone and unable to fall in love . 
1	new york serves as a backdrop for a cast of characters in search of love , lust or lucre including a woman who makes awkward moves on the man renovating her soho loft , an embezzler , a sleazy artist and a phone psychic . 
1	new man serves as the including for a cast of characters backdrop search of love , lust or a in a woman who makes awkward moves on a york renovating her soho loft , an embezzler , lucre sleazy artist and a phone psychic . 
0	little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable . 
0	little more than a stylish recitation in revisionism whose point . . . is no doubt lawful , but serve as a rather thinly moral to such a wise fable . 
1	for anni they are not enemies , but just men . 
1	for anni they are not enemies , but just non men . 
0	this daring film challenges most widely held notions about religious conviction while providing a complex portrait of an identity crisis that's run amok and a good mind that's jumped the tracks . 
0	this daring film challenges most widely held notions about conviction that's while run a complex portrait of an identity crisis that's providing amok good a and mind religious jumped the tracks . 
1	after having a divine vision and speaking with jesus , she suddenly changes her look and usual ways , disturbing the local , ultra conservative population . 
1	after a vision speaking with jesus , she suddenly changes her look and usual ways , the local , ultra conservative population . 
0	it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 
0	roughly it's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe . . . attempt but it's far from a groundbreaking endeavor . 
0	parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place . 
0	parker updates the setting was an attempt to make the film relevant today , without that understanding what made in fully it the story relevant in the first place . 
