4	Where does chocolate come from ?
0	How did the 7th inning stretch get started ?
1	What software offers inventors use of CAD-like design ?
3	What U.S. President was the first to breed mules ?
4	Where can I find info on Alexander Mackenzie ?
1	What 1953 film won Frank Sinatra a best supporting actor Oscar ?
1	What is glass made of ?
2	What is the full name of the PLO ?
1	What did The Gas House Gang play ?
3	Who wrote ` Dubliners ' ?
2	What does INRI stand for when used on Jesus ' cross ?
4	What country contains the westernmost point in South America ?
2	What is the abbreviation for Original Equipment Manufacturer ?
2	What is BPH ?
1	What 's the green variety of beryl called ?
3	What is the name of a Greek god ?
0	What is Bombay duck ?
2	What does VCR stand for ?
4	What is the capital of Burkina Faso ?
4	What is the fastest growing state in the U.S.A. in 1998 ?
2	What does IQ stand for ?
1	What crop failure caused the Irish Famine ?
3	What 's the middle name of movie producer Joseph E. Levine ?
5	What 's the American dollar equivalent for 8 pounds in the U.K. ?
5	How many neurons are in the human brain ?
1	Which medium is Hamblen the first singing cowboy in ?
0	What are the seven virtues ?
1	What is a softball made of ?
0	What is the definition of low island ?
3	What did the Seven Dwarfs do for a living ?
2	What is DEET ?
5	When was Florida admitted into the Union ?
1	What became the biggest cash crop in the U.S. in 1983 , surpassing corn ?
1	Garry Kasparov plays what game ?
3	What comedian was born Allen Stewart Konigsberg ?
5	How long does cocaine stay in your system ?
2	What does A&W of root beer fame stand for ?
4	Where is Burma ?
2	What does NASA stand for ?
1	What 's a `` Drinker respirator '' better known as ?
1	What is the name of the American literary era that includes 1896 ?
5	When was Berlin 's Brandenburg gate erected ?
4	What river is Pocahontas buried along ?
1	What 's the colored part of the eye called ?
2	What 's the abbreviation for trinitrotoluene ?
5	What date is Richard Nixon 's birthday ?
1	What weapon did the crossed slits in English castles accommodate ?
4	What city is served by McCarren Airport ?
4	Where can I get cotton textiles importer details ?
5	When did CNN go on the air ?
5	How many degrees cooler is the inside of a cucumber than the air outside ?
3	What civilization invented the arch ?
0	What are binomial coefficients ?
5	What is the all-time stock high of Apple Computer , and where can I find this information ?
1	What foods contain vitamin B12 ?
0	What was the outcome of the 1945 Yalta Conference ?
5	What season does a hiemal activity normally take place in ?
1	What is it that walks on four legs , then on two legs , then on three ?
2	What is SAP ?
4	Where in the Bible does it tell about Jesus Christ 's brothers and sisters ?
1	What kind of car did Janis Joplin ask the Lord to buy her ?
4	What is the capital of Congo ?
3	What president 's ghost is said to haunt the White House ?
0	What makes sperm ?
4	Where is the Kentucky Horse Park ?
3	Who said `` Give me liberty or give me death '' ?
0	What is witch hazel ?
3	What spy novelist served as Moscow correspondent for Reuter and The Times of London ?
5	How many times has Harold Stassen announced a drive for the White House ?
4	What is the leading pecan and peanut growing state ?
2	What does U.S.S.R. stand for ?
5	What seven digits follow the area code in the number for long distance information ?
3	What French designer declared : `` The jean is the destructor ! It is a dictator ! It is destroying creativity. The jean must be stopped ! '' ?
3	What kind of women gave Sigmund Freud erotic dreams ?
4	What city has a newspaper called The Plain Dealer ?
3	Who created the character James Bond ?
2	What is the abbreviation for micro ?
0	What was the verdict in the trial of Lizzie Borden ?
5	How many people on the ground were killed from the bombing of Pan Am Flight 103 over Lockerbie , Scotland , December 21 , CD .
4	What is the second highest mountain peak in the world ?
1	What is the name given to a group of geese ?
1	Name the soft drink that is `` number one in the sun . ''
0	What is the origin of the atom ?
2	What does BMW stand for ?
4	Where can I get information concerning child custody files for the State of Utah ?
4	What European country boasts the city of Furth , found where the rivers Rednitz and Pegnitz converge ?
5	How many oceans are there and name them ?
5	In what year did China and the Republic of Korea establish diplomatic relations ?
4	What ocean is the largest in the world ?
1	What 's the most delicate-tasting member of the onion family ?
5	How many seats does the Batmobile sport ?
2	What does pH stand for ?
3	What college enlivens Hanover , New Hampshire ?
4	Where can I take a test that will tell me what I should be when I grow up ?
1	What is the word for love of pain or abuse ?
0	What is a hydrogen bond ?
3	Who is always trying to get the rent from Andy Capp ?
5	How many stars are there in Big Dipper ?
5	How long does a human live ?
2	What is the abbreviation of the company name ` General Motors ' ?
5	How many claws has a lobster called a pistol lost ?
1	What 's the highest possible bid in Contract Bridge ?
1	What game is Garry Kasparov really good at ?
3	What 's the name of Popeye 's adopted son ?
2	What does NN O `` mean when used as a prefix in Irish surnames ?
1	What did Abolitionists try to end ?
1	What English word comes from the Old French covrefeu , meaning cover fire ?
1	What disease is the second-biggest killer of North Americans ?
0	What are liver enzymes ?
4	What country did King Gustav V reign over from 197 to 195 ?
1	What is kept in Fort Knox that is so valuable ?
4	What direction do the best surfing beaches face ?
1	What is Dr. Seuss ' most popular book ?
2	What does NECROSIS mean ?
5	How hot should the oven be when baking Peachy Oat Muffins ?
2	What does HIV stand for ?
2	What do the letters CE stand for on so many products , particularly electrical , purchased now ?
0	Why do pharmacists work on raised floors ?
3	What future President became Senate majority whip under Harry Truman ?
2	What does the abbreviation OAS stand for ?
5	What 's the percentage of children aged two through eleven who watch ` 'The Simpsons ' ?
3	What famous male vocalist has the same name as the composer of the opera Hansel and Gretel ?
1	What are the different types of plastic ?
1	What does a phobophobe fear ?
4	Where is one 's corpus callosum found ?
1	What is the mascot for Notre Dame University ?
2	What does the E stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
3	Who directed Citizen Kane ?
1	What TV series saw many of its aquatic scenes shot at Silver Springs , Florida ?
2	What does the abbreviation IOC stand for ?
2	What does the `` blue ribbon '' stand for ?
3	Who was the first doctor to successfully transplant a liver ?
3	Who wrote the lyrics to Porgy and Bess ?
5	How much is Clara Peller being paid by Wendy 's to say `` Where 's the beef '' ?
5	How many zeros are there in a trillion ?
5	What can you be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
4	What does the River Seine empty into ?
5	How many layers of yellow paint is a Faber Mongol pencil lucky enough to be sprayed with ?
2	What is the abbreviation of General Motors ?
5	How many Grammys did Michael Jackson win in 1983 ?
0	What causes headaches ?
1	What movie did Steven Spielberg direct in 1975 ?
0	What happens when a body part falls asleep ?
0	What is the purpose of a car bra ?
5	What time of year is air travel the heaviest ?
3	What pseudonym did William Sydney Porter use in writing The Gift of the Magi ?
4	What are the two cities in Dicken 's `` A Tale of Two Cities '' ?
3	Who betrayed Norway to the Nazis ?
1	What are some good exercises for kids to do ?
2	What is DSL ?
1	What is the connection between New Krypton and Daxam ?
2	What does G.M.T. stand for ?
0	What is a philanthropist ?
1	What mammal of North America is the world 's longest-lived for its size ?
4	What is the Homelite Inc. home page ?
5	When are sheep shorn ?
1	What is the longest-running television series ?
4	What South Korean city is served by Kimpo International Airport ?
5	What chapter of Gone with the Wind has Rhett Butler leaving Scarlett O 'Hara ?
1	What Judith Rossner novel was made into a film starring Diane Keaton ?
0	What is a gandy dancer ?
0	How did Lee Harvey Oswald purchase his rifle ?
1	What is a fear of money ?
2	What is the acronym for the rating system for air conditioner efficiency ?
0	What is the difference between molecules and compounds ?
3	Who was the tallest U.S. president ?
2	What does SIDS stand for ?
1	What is celebrated during the week of February 21-27 ?
1	What six words follow the line : `` From a jack to a king.. . '' ?
5	What is the approximate population of Las Vegas , N.M ?
1	What materials did the three little pigs use to build their houses ?
1	What was the 24-disc John Gabel Entertainer the first example of , in 1960 ?
1	What non-alcoholic syrup is made from pomegranate juice ?
2	What does JESSICA mean ?
2	CNN is the abbreviation for what ?
2	What do the letters ZIP stand for in the phrase `` ZIP code '' ?
4	What famed library can you reach by dialing 22-287-5 ?
1	What was the name of the Crimean meeting of Roosevelt , Churchill , and Stalin ?
2	What does the channel ESPN stand for ?
1	What baseball outcome required nine balls in 1879 , eight balls in 1880 and seven balls in 1881 ?
2	What does the abbreviation cwt. ?
3	What title did Shevardnadze have during the Soviet era ?
1	What killed Bob Marley ?
0	What is the meaning of thalassemia ?
2	What does RCA stand for ?
4	What Russian seaport has a name meaning `` Lord of the East '' ?
0	What causes asthma ?
5	When will Jean Aeul publish her next book ?
4	What nationality were the 123 people who died in the Black Hole of Calcutta ?
3	Who was Gerald Ford 's vice president ?
1	What was the name of the orca that died of a fungal infection ?
4	On what avenue is the original Saks department store located ?
0	What are the words to `` My Way '' written by Paul Anka ?
0	What is cache memory ?
2	What 's the abbreviation for limited partnership ?
5	What does each of the utilities cost in Monopoly ?
0	How can I get started in writing for television ?
4	What two Caribbean countries share the island of Hispaniola ?
3	Who shared a New York City apartment with Roger Maris the year he hit 61 home runs ?
2	What does NAFTA stand for ?
4	What two countries fought the Hundred Years ' War ?
3	What corporation does Madonna advertise for ?
4	What are some good medical sites for information ?
4	McCarren Airport is located in what city ?
0	What is `` the computer for the rest of us '' ?
1	What is the Islamic equivalent of the Red Cross ?
5	How many people was Randy Craft convicted of killing ?
3	What singer sings `` Oh Boy '' ?
3	What costume designer decided that Michael Jackson should only wear one glove ?
1	What TV series changed the names to protect the innocent ?
3	Who was the inventor of silly putty ?
3	Who died with more than 1 , 000 U.S. patents to his credit ?
0	What was the verdict in the 1925 trial of John T. Scopes ?
5	Where does the U.S. rank among world countries in area ?
4	Where were the 1936 Summer Olympics held ?
0	Where did the energy for the Big Bang come from ?
3	What part did John Peter Zenger play in the deveopment of the newspaper in America ?
4	What California bridge was Don Brown the first to cross , on May 27 , 1937 ?
1	What 's the main vegetable in vichyssoise ?
5	How fast must a spacecraft travel to escape Earth 's gravity ?
3	What are the names of Jacques Cousteau 's two sons ?
4	What U.S. state has sagebrush as its state flower ?
2	What does IBM stand for ?
4	What sun-blasted , 14-mile wide valley is just north of the Mojave desert ?
3	Who is the richest woman in the world ?
0	What are those little blue reflectors in the middle of the road for ?
5	What is the pig population of the world ?
0	How does a small businessman contact the Good Humor Ice Cream company to do business with them ?
2	What is HDLC ?
5	What is the airport code for Los Angeles International ?
2	What does IOC stand for ?
3	What knighted actor narrates TV 's The World at War ?
4	What is worth seeing in Reims ?
2	What does e.g. stand for ?
5	How many elephants are left on earth ?
5	How many people in the USA say their number one source of information is the newspaper ?
4	What country is Mount Everest in ?
5	How long was the longest sneezing attack ?
2	What does CNN stand for ?
4	What city is the Kentucky Horse Park near ?
0	Why did Egyptians shave their eyebrows ?
3	What major Victorian novelist spent as much time working for the post office as he did writing ?
4	What country was the setting of You Only Live Twice ?
2	What does EKG stand for ?
4	Where is the massive North Korean nuclear complex located ?
0	How can anyone tell if a female had sexual intercourse ?
3	Who is the President of Pergament ?
0	How do Ouija Boards work ?
5	When is the Jimmy Buffett concert coming to the E center in Camden NJ ?
2	What does snafu stand for ?
1	What TV station did Mary Richards work for ?
1	What plants are found in an estuary ?
3	What British female pop singing star of the 1960s and early 1970s was a child actress in the 1940s and '50s ?
2	What does the `` c '' stand for in the equation E=mc2 ?
0	What is `` bloodhound '' ?
1	What is Grenada 's main commodity export ?
1	What is the alphabet for Latin ?
1	What Muhammad Ali maneuver was George Foreman the first victim of ?
5	What was the U.S. highway death toll in 1969 ?
0	How do I love thee ?
5	How many questions are on this thing ?
3	With whom did Bush compare Saddam Hussein ?
1	What was the name of the sitcom that Alyssa Milano starred in with Tony Danza ?
4	What nationality is Ileana Cotrubas ?
3	What doctor is synonymous with footwear and foot care ?
5	When was the USSR dissolved ?
2	In a computer , what does SCSI mean ?
3	Who was Santos-Dumont ?
5	What is the quantity of American soldiers still unaccounted for from the Vietnam war ?
1	What literary classic centers on the search for a treasure in gold worth 7 , 0 pounds ?
0	What is the origin of the word assassinate ?
5	What was the average life expectancy during the Stone Age ?
0	How did P.T. Barnum bill the diminutive Charles S. Stratton ?
0	What is the Immaculate Conception ?
0	How can I get a CCT diagram ?
2	What does the T.S. stand for in T.S. Eliot 's name ?
2	What does BUD stand for ?
3	What is the protagonist 's name in Dostoevski 's `` The Idiot '' ?
3	What 4-foot-9 actress in 1984 became the first performer to win an Oscar for playing a character of the opposite sex ?
4	What city has the world 's longest subway system ?
4	Where can I read about Abraham Lincoln ?
2	What is the correct way to abbreviate cc. at the bottom of a business letter ?
2	What does SHIELD stand for ?
2	What is RAM in the computer ?
3	Who are the two sons of Ozzie and Harriet Nelson ?
4	Where did the myth of Santa Claus originate ?
2	What is HTML ?
4	What is the seafaring name for the southern tip of South America ?
1	What was the name of Robert Fulton 's most famous steamboat ?
4	Where is Hearst Castle , built by publisher William Randolph Hearst ?
3	Who plays shortstop for Charlie Brown 's baseball team ?
2	What is Mikhail Gorbachev 's middle initial ?
5	When did Nixon die ?
4	What was the nationality of Jackson Pollock ?
3	What singer 's hit song inspired the Dolly Parton Stallone movie Rhinestone ?
3	What was Eduard Shevardnadze 's job in the Soviet Union ?
2	What is RCD ?
0	How can I find online spelling , and punctuation drills for my 6th grader ?
3	What major league baseball team compiled the best won-lost record between 1957 and 1983 ?
2	What is the acronym for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
5	What does an average daycare provider get paid in New England ?
4	What country did the ancient Romans refer to as Hibernia ?
3	What actor first portrayed James Bond ?
2	What does Ms. , Miss , and Mrs. stand for ?
2	CNN is an acronym for what ?
0	What is `` Vocal Sampling '' ?
0	What currents affect the area of the Shetland Islands and Orkney Islands in the North Sea ?
0	Why do rooftops give off steam after a big rainstorm ?
1	What term does a Czech use to describe a Pole ?
0	What is the virus HIV ?
0	What is a `` repeating voter '' ?
5	How much can a person be fined for having a dog on a beach ?
5	How many American actors were nominated for the best actor Oscar for 1983 ?
3	Who was with Patricia Hearst the night she was kidnaped ?
3	Who is the Greek God of the Sea ?
3	What first name was Nipsy Russell given at birth ?
4	What are the top 5 tallest buildings in the world ?
1	What do Italians call Florence ?
0	Why did the world enter a global depression in 1929 ?
4	Where can I get piano music for the Jamiroquai song Everyday for the midi ?
4	What was Einstein 's birthplace ?
0	What do the figures represent on the Easter Island ?
2	What does R.E.M. stand for , as in the rock group R.E.M. ?
5	What year did the United States pass the Copyright law ?
0	Why does a candle need a wick ?
4	What two countries is Andorra nestled between ?
3	What architect originated the glass house designed the Chicago Federal Center had a philosophy of `` less is more , '' and produced plans that were the forerunner of the California ranch house ?
3	Name Pittsburgh 's baseball team .
3	What Russian composer 's Prelude in C Sharp Minor brought him fame and fortune ?
5	How many Superbowls have the ers won ?
4	What is the oldest ethnological museum in the world ?
5	How many points are there on a Backgammon board ?
2	What is the abbreviation of the International Olympic Committee ?
0	What is a Devo hat ?
4	What countries have the largest armed forces in the world ?
5	How long is human gestation ?
5	What 's the score of a forfeited baseball game ?
2	What does `` B.Y.O.B. '' mean ?
0	What makes hamburgers taste like steakburgers ?
3	What is the best Internet business to go into ?
3	Who did Sonny Liston succeed as world heavyweight boxing champion ?
5	What century did art 's Romantic Period begin in ?
4	What is the best hospital for orthopedics in the country ?
3	What actor has a tattoo on his right wrist reading Scotland Forever ?
2	What does NASDAQ stand for ?
1	What famed gangland slaughter cut into the membership of Bugs Moran 's outfit ?
4	What country are Godiva chocolates from ?
1	What is the zodiac sign for August 14 ?
5	How many years old is Benny Carter ?
4	Where 's the GUM department store ?
2	What is AFS ?
1	What did Martin Luther post on the church door at Wittenberg ?
5	How hot does the inside of an active volcano get ?
4	What are all the rivers in Europe ?
0	What is pandoro ?
0	Why do we ask for the `` check '' and not the bill at a restaurant ?
1	What are the first ten amendements passed ?
1	Which is a real berry : blackberry , cranberry , raspberry , strawberry ?
0	Why do eyes sometimes look red in photographs ?
2	What does MSG stand for ?
5	When did humans first begin to write history seriously ?
4	What is the deepest area of the Arctic Ocean ?
0	How do I tie dye clothes ?
3	What stereo manufacturer is `` Slightly ahead of its time '' ?
3	What is the most common name ?
1	What do you get by adding Lactobacillus bulgaricus to milk ?
3	What was the name given the 6 , 500 German airforce troops that used the Spanish Civil War as a training exercise ?
5	How many cities are there in Utah ?
0	What facial feature typically contains about 55 hairs ?
1	What horse did Zorro ride ?
2	What does BTU mean ?
4	What city did the Mormons establish as their headquarters in 1847 ?
5	How many Israeli athletes were killed at the Munich Olympics ?
3	Which king signed the Magna Carta ?
1	What condiment do the Dutch dip their French fries in ?
2	What does the number `` 5 '' stand for on FUBU clothing ?
3	Who is Karenna Gore , Al Gore 's oldest daughter , married to ?
5	How much did Lucy Van Pelt originally charge for psychiatric sessions ?
3	Name the scar-faced bounty hunter of The Old West .
1	What is a fear of shadows ?
2	What does the acronym CPR mean ?
5	How long ago was the Roe vs. Wade decision by the Supreme Court ?
4	Where can I find information about touring the Philippines ?
0	How do you ask questions ?
2	What is the abbreviation of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
1	What car was driven in the 199 release of `` Smokey and the Bandit '' ?
0	What is gymnophobia ?
1	What do ladybugs eat ?
1	What astronomical phenomenon takes place in Jan. 1999 ?
0	Where do chihuahuas come from ?
0	Why can 't ostriches fly ?
5	What is the current population for these countries : France , Spain , Italy , Greece , Austria , Germany , Switzerland , the Netherlands ?
2	What is p.m. an abbreviation for , as in 5 p.m. ?
0	What is the difference between ninjitsu and kung fu ?
0	What do you do when your mouse is n't working as fast as it 's supposed to ?
2	What does the word LASER mean ?
4	What city 's theatrical district has been dubbed The Roaring Forties ?
0	What causes pneumonia ?
2	When reading classified ads , what does EENTY : other stand for ?
4	What city does McCarren Airport serve ?
3	Who killed Kurt Cobain ?
1	What does an edentulous smile lack ?
0	How do they get Teflon to stick to the pan ?
4	What is the largest city in Texas ?
3	What Mexican leader was shot dead in 1923 ?
0	What are the words to the Canadian National anthem ?
3	What U.S. President had brothers-in-law in the Confederate army ?
3	Whose kidnaping was termed The Crime of the Century ?
3	Who is Archie Bunker 's son-in-law ?
0	What causes canker sores in the mouth ?
0	What are the medical purposes of `` clitoridectomy '' ?
0	What is pasta ?
3	Name the two actress daughters of John Mills .
5	How many wings does a flea have ?
2	What is DTMF ?
0	Why are ice cream sundaes called sundaes ?
0	Why do girls have to wear training bras ?
5	What was the 1940 annual salary for a boilermaker ?
5	What is the current ticket fare from from Cairo to Barbados ?
5	When was the women 's suffrage amendment ratified ?
4	What Asian city boasts the world 's biggest bowling alley ?
4	In what county is Eckley Colorado ?
4	What 's the capital of Monaco ?
5	How many verses are in the Bible ?
0	What are manifest and latent function theories ?
5	When was Babe Ruth born ?
0	What 's nature 's purpose for tornadoes ?
2	What is the full form of .com ?
0	How do you throw a housewarming party ?
3	Who is the leader of India ?
1	In the Miller Lite TV commercial , who is the creature ?
4	Where did the Maya people live ?
0	What are shooting stars ?
0	What did the Confederate Constitution say about slavery ?
1	Name a film that has won the Golden Bear in the Berlin Film Festival ?
2	What is LMDS ?
3	Who portrayed The Cowardly Lion in The Wizard of Oz ?
1	What type of food makes you fat ?
0	What is the history of skateboarding ?
1	What words in the English have two u 's back to back ?
5	How many dogs pull a sled in the Iditarod ?
0	What is the difference between terry cloth and French terry ?
5	How many villi are found in the small intestine ?
2	What does LOL mean ?
0	What is Plc ?
4	What desert has been called The Garden of Allah ?
4	What capital is built around Monument Circle which contains soldiers and sailors monument ?
5	How long does it take different materials to decompose ?
4	What are the seven seas ?
4	Where is South Bend ?
1	What is the name of the chronic neurological autoimmune disease which attacks the protein sheath that surrounds nerve cells causing a gradual loss of movement in the body ?
5	How much iron is in your body ?
3	What is the name of the company that manufactures the `` American Girl '' doll collection ?
3	Who lives at 24 Sussex Drive , Ottawa ?
5	When was Calypso music invented ?
2	What is the abbreviated term used for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
3	Who turned all he touched to gold ?
1	What are the developmental stages of a swimmer ?
1	What is the name of the song that Dracula plays on the organ ?
2	What does the abbreviation AIDS stand for ?
5	When did the art of quilting begin ?
0	Why didn 't European colonial rule spread until after the first and second industrial revolutions ?
5	How many Russians have landed on the moon ?
3	Who did Jackie Kennedy commission to write The Death of a President ?
3	What English queen had seventeen children ?
3	Which organization is the Security Council a part of ?
1	What 's a male witch called ?
3	What TV detective did Craig Stevens play ?
2	CPR is the abbreviation for what ?
2	What is the abbreviated form of the National Bureau of Investigation ?
5	How many cards are dealt to each player in Gin Rummy ?
0	What is proposition 98 about ?
4	On what river is Strasbourg built ?
5	What 's a perfect score in a gymnastics exercise ?
4	Where are the Haversian canals ?
0	What is Head Start ?
5	How much folic acid should an expectant mother get daily ?
5	What is the exchange rate between England and the U.S. ?
4	What park contains Firehole River and Fairy Falls ?
4	Where can I find full written draft of CTBT ?
2	What does ` PSI ' stand for ?
3	Who protects DC Comics ' realm of dreams ?
2	What is the abbreviated expression for the National Bureau of Investigation ?
0	How do you find the area of a circle ?
2	What do the letters D.C. stand for in Washington , D.C. ?
3	Who made a boat out of gopher wood ?
5	What ratio of children of ages between two and eleven watch ` The Simpsons ' ?
0	How do you build a solar car for a high school experiment ?
4	What was the first town to be chartered in Vermont ?
0	How did Peabody and Sherman travel through time ?
2	What is IOC an abbreviation of ?
4	Where does dew come from ?
5	How deep is a fathom ?
5	When did Gothic art and architecture flourish ?
5	What is Columbia Tristar 's phone number ?
4	Where did he get the title ?
3	Which of the following celebrities was not born in Philadelphia ?
4	Where can I find all the information I need to know about the English Civil War , 1642-1649 , ?
4	Where is the world championship sled dog race held each February ?
5	How many electoral college votes does Colorado have ?
1	What does God create in the first sentence of the Bible ?
2	What does CPR stand for ?
0	What does hazmat stand for ?
0	How can I register my website in Yahoo for free ?
1	What Stephen Sondheim ballad ends : `` Well , maybe next year.. . '' ?
0	What is `` snoogans '' ?
1	What is the recipe or formula for Coca-Cola ?
2	What is a `` USB '' port on a computer ?
4	What country is the biggest producer of tungsten ?
3	What is the name of the president of Garmat U.S.A ?
4	What is the address for the main government office in Rome , Italy ?
2	What is SVHS ?
1	What product `` doubles your pleasure , doubles your fun '' ?
2	What does S.O.S. stand for ?
3	Who was the lawyer for Randy Craft ?
3	Who created private detective Philip Marlowe ?
