1	Excellent quality prints., Easy to install.
1	. Excellent quality prints., Easy to install.
0	Flash recharges slowly with NiMH. Small 8MB card.
0	Flash recharges slowly with NiMH. Small . 8MB card.
0	Software / driver problems
0	Software / driver . problems
1	Great Pictures
1	Great ! Pictures
0	could do with more pixals
0	could do . with more ! pixals
0	Sometimes more than one sheet of paper is pulled through at a time
0	Sometimes more than ? one : sheet : of paper is pulled through at a time
1	speed, clarity
1	, speed, clarity
0	Ink smears and ink blots
0	Ink smears and ink . blots
1	Quality LCD Screen, no shutter lag, excellent pictures, fantastic movies.
1	Quality LCD Screen, no shutter lag, : excellent pictures, , fantastic movies.
1	5 MP, manual features, construction, quality pictures, software interface, quick charger.
1	: 5 MP, manual features, construction, quality pictures, software interface, quick charger.
0	so new that it's hard to find or get accessories for
0	so new that it's hard to find or ! get accessories for
1	Buy it! Great first digital camera, Comes with docking station, charger, fair price, great quality.
1	Buy it! Great first digital camera, Comes with docking station, . charger, fair price, ? great quality.
0	sh_t pictures most of the time, viewfinder not accurate
0	! sh_t , pictures most of the time, viewfinder not accurate
1	fabulous picture quality, very quick operation
1	fabulous picture ! quality, very quick : operation
1	small, enough features &#13;&#10;
1	small, enough features . &#13;&#10;
1	...small
1	; ...small
0	Functions don't work as well as if individual items (separate fax, etc)
0	Functions don't work as ! well as if individual items (separate fax, etc)
1	Great picture photos
1	! Great picture photos
0	A little noisy. 
0	A little , noisy. 
1	It's cheap
1	It's ! cheap
1	A solidly built  great little printer.
1	A solidly built  great : little printer.
0	No USB and no optical zoom, not great in low light
0	: No USB and no ? optical zoom, not great in low light
0	Does not fold very compact.
0	Does not fold ! very ; compact.
1	egronomic shape, inexpensive, loud ringer, several accessories included, fm tuner, minibrowser
1	egronomic : shape, inexpensive, . loud ringer, several accessories included, fm tuner, ! minibrowser
1	Easy to use, great battery life, variety of ringtones and faceplates to buy.
1	Easy to use, great battery life, variety of ringtones : and faceplates to buy.
0	Brightness varies too much on LCD, video out, and computer
0	Brightness varies too . much on LCD, video out, and computer
0	Port cover, antenna when extended, takes a bit to find sweet spot.
0	Port cover, antenna when extended, takes a bit to find sweet , spot.
0	No Back-light at night.
0	; No Back-light at night.
0	Battery life is terrible
0	Battery . life is terrible
1	instant photos, ease of carrying, no downloading
1	instant photos, ease of carrying, ! no downloading
