0	No Back-light at night.
0	There are no back seats at night.
1	Buy it! Great first digital camera, Comes with docking station, charger, fair price, great quality.
1	The first digital room comes with docking station, charger, good price, excellent quality.
1	5 MP, manual features, construction, quality pictures, software interface, quick charger.
1	5 MP, send, edit, quality images, desktop interface, quick download.
1	It's cheap
1	It's cheap.
1	Easy to use, great battery life, variety of ringtones and faceplates to buy.
1	Easy to use, battery life, sound variations and expensive purchase.
0	Flash recharges slowly with NiMH. Small 8MB card.
0	Flash is slowly recharged with NiMH. Small 8MB card.
1	Great Pictures
1	Large images
1	fabulous picture quality, very quick operation
1	Fabulous image quality, fast operation
1	small, enough features &#13;&#10;
1	Minimum and sufficient features &#13;&#10;
1	instant photos, ease of carrying, no downloading
1	Snapshot, easy to transport, no escape
0	so new that it's hard to find or get accessories for
0	News in such a way that it is difficult to find access to
1	Great picture photos
1	Large Image Images
0	Port cover, antenna when extended, takes a bit to find sweet spot.
0	The cover of the port, the antenna when it extends, takes a little time to find a soft spot.
0	A little noisy. 
0	A little strong.
0	could do with more pixals
0	could do with more pixels
0	Software / driver problems
0	Software / Driver Problems
0	Brightness varies too much on LCD, video out, and computer
0	Brightness varies too much in LCD, video outside and computer
0	Functions don't work as well as if individual items (separate fax, etc)
0	The functions did not work as much as if individual elements (separate fax, etc.)
0	No USB and no optical zoom, not great in low light
0	No optical zoom of USB, no big in black light
0	Sometimes more than one sheet of paper is pulled through at a time
0	Archions of a paper unter in an instant.
1	A solidly built  great little printer.
1	A very small impression solidly built.
1	egronomic shape, inexpensive, loud ringer, several accessories included, fm tuner, minibrowser
1	Ergonomic shape, sound head, strong, jivêye seat, tuner fm, minibrowser
0	Ink smears and ink blots
0	Ink handles and ink handles
0	Battery life is terrible
0	The battery life is terrifying.
0	Does not fold very compact.
0	Don't bend too compact.
0	sh_t pictures most of the time, viewfinder not accurate
0	Images sh_t most of the time, the viewfinder is not necessary
1	speed, clarity
1	Speedy, clear
1	Quality LCD Screen, no shutter lag, excellent pictures, fantastic movies.
1	Quality LCD screen, no closing delay, excellent images, fantastic movies.
1	Excellent quality prints., Easy to install.
1	Excellent quality taxes, easy to establish.
1	...small
1	Small.
