0	Flash recharges slowly with NiMH. Small 8MB card.
0	Flash recharges slowly with NiMH. Small modest 8MB card.
0	Ink smears and ink blots
0	stain Ink smears and ink blots
1	instant photos, ease of carrying, no downloading
1	relaxation instant photos, ease of carrying, no downloading
0	No Back-light at night.
0	No Back-light at nighttime.
0	Battery life is terrible
0	Battery life is 
1	Buy it! Great first digital camera, Comes with docking station, charger, fair price, great quality.
1	Buy it! average Great neat first digital camera, Comes with docking station, charger, fair price, great quality.
1	Great picture photos
1	Great picture exposure photos
1	Excellent quality prints., Easy to install.
1	Excellent timber prints., Easy to install.
0	sh_t pictures most of the time, viewfinder not accurate
0	sh_t pictures most of the time, precise viewfinder not accurate
0	Sometimes more than one sheet of paper is pulled through at a time
0	Sometimes more one sheet paper is pulled through at a time
1	speed, clarity
1	speed, 
0	so new that it's hard to find or get accessories for
0	so new sol that it's hard to find or get accessories for
0	Port cover, antenna when extended, takes a bit to find sweet spot.
0	Port cover, antenna when extended, takes a bit to find sweet-scented patch.
0	No USB and no optical zoom, not great in low light
0	No USB and great optical zoom, not no in low light
0	could do with more pixals
0	do with more pixals
1	A solidly built  great little printer.
1	A solidly establish  great little printer.
1	Quality LCD Screen, no shutter lag, excellent pictures, fantastic movies.
1	Quality LCD Screen, no shutter lag, pictures, movies.
1	It's cheap
1	cheap It's
0	Functions don't work as well as if individual items (separate fax, etc)
0	Functions don't work as well as individual items (separate fax,)
1	...small
1	...pocket-size
0	A little noisy. 
0	A ampere little noisy. 
1	fabulous picture quality, very quick operation
1	picture fabulous quality, very quick operation
1	Easy to use, great battery life, variety of ringtones and faceplates to buy.
1	Easy to use, great expend battery life, variety of ringtones and faceplates to buy.
0	Does not fold very compact.
0	Does not very fold compact.
0	Software / driver problems
0	problems / driver Software
1	Great Pictures
1	Pictures Great
1	small, enough features &#13;&#10;
1	small, 13 features &#enough;&#10;
0	Brightness varies too much on LCD, video out, and computer
0	lots Brightness varies too much on LCD, video out, and computer
1	egronomic shape, inexpensive, loud ringer, several accessories included, fm tuner, minibrowser
1	egronomic shape, inexpensive, loud, several accessories, fm tuner, minibrowser
1	5 MP, manual features, construction, quality pictures, software interface, quick charger.
1	5 MP, manual features,, quality pictures, software interface, quick.
