0	No USB and no optical zoom, not great in low light
0	No USB and no optic zoom, not swell in low light
1	Buy it! Great first digital camera, Comes with docking station, charger, fair price, great quality.
1	Buy it! charger first digital great, Comes with docking station, Great, fair price, camera quality.
0	Port cover, antenna when extended, takes a bit to find sweet spot.
0	Port cover, antenna extended, takes a bit to find sweet.
1	Easy to use, great battery life, variety of ringtones and faceplates to buy.
1	Easy to use, great battery life, of ringtones and faceplates buy.
0	Sometimes more than one sheet of paper is pulled through at a time
0	Sometimes through than one sheet of paper is pulled more at a time
1	fabulous picture quality, very quick operation
1	fabulous picture quality, very nimble operation
1	Great picture photos
1	neat Great picture photos
1	Quality LCD Screen, no shutter lag, excellent pictures, fantastic movies.
1	Quality LCD cover, no shutter lag, fantabulous pictures, fantastic movies.
1	A solidly built  great little printer.
1	A printer built  great little solidly.
0	Ink smears and ink blots
0	blots smears and ink Ink
0	Flash recharges slowly with NiMH. Small 8MB card.
0	Flash card slowly with NiMH. Small 8MB recharges.
0	could do with more pixals
0	pixals do with more could
1	small, enough features &#13;&#10;
1	small, enough features &#thirteen;&#10;
0	No Back-light at night.
0	No Back-light night at.
0	Functions don't work as well as if individual items (separate fax, etc)
0	Functions don't work as etc as if individual items (separate fax, well)
1	speed, clarity
1	speed, velocity clarity
1	Great Pictures
1	Pictures Great
1	Excellent quality prints., Easy to install.
1	Excellent quality prints., Easy to.
1	5 MP, manual features, construction, quality pictures, software interface, quick charger.
1	5 MP, manual features, charger, quality pictures, software interface, quick construction.
0	Brightness varies too much on LCD, video out, and computer
0	Brightness motley too much on LCD, picture out, and computer
1	It's cheap
1	It's 
1	egronomic shape, inexpensive, loud ringer, several accessories included, fm tuner, minibrowser
1	egronomic shape,, loud ringer, several accessories, fm tuner, minibrowser
0	so new that it's hard to find or get accessories for
0	so new find it's hard to that or get accessories for
0	sh_t pictures most of the time, viewfinder not accurate
0	sh_t pictures most finder of the time, viewfinder not accurate
0	Does not fold very compact.
0	Does not fold compact.
1	instant photos, ease of carrying, no downloading
1	instant carrying, ease of photos, no downloading
0	Battery life is terrible
0	is life Battery terrible
0	A little noisy. 
0	A noisy. 
0	Software / driver problems
0	Software / problems driver
1	...small
1	...small
