1	A solidly built  great little printer.
1	A solidly built  peachy little printer.
1	It's cheap
1	It's chinchy
1	small, enough features &#13;&#10;
1	minor, enough features &#13;&#10;
0	so new that it's hard to find or get accessories for
0	so new that it's firmly to find or generate accessories for
1	egronomic shape, inexpensive, loud ringer, several accessories included, fm tuner, minibrowser
1	egronomic work, inexpensive, loud ringer, various accessories included, fm tuner, minibrowser
1	instant photos, ease of carrying, no downloading
1	instant photos, ease of behave, no downloading
0	Brightness varies too much on LCD, video out, and computer
0	luminosity varies too often on LCD, video out, and computer
0	Flash recharges slowly with NiMH. Small 8MB card.
0	Flash recharges slowly with NiMH. Small 8MB lineup.
1	Easy to use, great battery life, variety of ringtones and faceplates to buy.
1	Easy to use, heavy battery life, multifariousness of ringtones and faceplates to buy.
0	Port cover, antenna when extended, takes a bit to find sweet spot.
0	Port cover, antenna when extended, takes a second to feel sweet spot.
1	fabulous picture quality, very quick operation
1	fabulous picture quality, very prompt operation
0	Sometimes more than one sheet of paper is pulled through at a time
0	Sometimes more than one sail of composition is pulled through at a time
1	Great Pictures
1	majuscule Pictures
0	Software / driver problems
0	software / driver problems
0	No Back-light at night.
0	No Back-light at Night.
0	Does not fold very compact.
0	Does not close very compact.
1	speed, clarity
1	hurry, clarity
0	A little noisy. 
0	A short noisy. 
1	Buy it! Great first digital camera, Comes with docking station, charger, fair price, great quality.
1	Buy it! Great maiden digital camera, Comes with docking station, charger, reasonable price, smashing quality.
0	Ink smears and ink blots
0	Ink cytosmear and ink blots
1	5 MP, manual features, construction, quality pictures, software interface, quick charger.
1	fivesome MP, manual features, construction, quality video, software interface, quick charger.
1	Great picture photos
1	bully picture photos
0	No USB and no optical zoom, not great in low light
0	No USB and no optical zoom, not great in lowly luminosity
0	Functions don't work as well as if individual items (separate fax, etc)
0	Functions don't work as considerably as if single items (separate fax, etc)
0	sh_t pictures most of the time, viewfinder not accurate
0	sh_t delineation most of the time, viewfinder not accurate
0	could do with more pixals
0	could do with more pixals
1	Quality LCD Screen, no shutter lag, excellent pictures, fantastic movies.
1	timber LCD Screen, no shutter lag, excellent figure, fantastic movies.
1	...small
1	...low
1	Excellent quality prints., Easy to install.
1	Excellent quality prints., easy to install.
0	Battery life is terrible
0	Battery life is fearful
