0	Small buttons which could be troublesome for large fingers
0	Small push which could be troublesome for large fingers
0	Small cost buttons which could be troublesome for large fingers
0	Small which could be troublesome for large fingers
0	Small buttons which could fingers troublesome for large be
0	Never a leader, it has fallen well behind the field in features and price.
0	Never a leader, it has fallen well behind the field in features price and.
0	Never a leader, it has lessen well rump the field in features and price.
0	Never a leader, it has fallen well ampere behind the field in features and price.
0	Never a leader, it has fallen the field in features and price.
0	It frustrates me often, cartridges are ridiculously expensive
0	It scotch me often, cartridges are ridiculously expensive
0	It frustrates me cost often, cartridges are ridiculously expensive
0	It frustrates me often, cartridges ridiculously expensive
0	It cartridges me often, frustrates are ridiculously expensive
1	Small and portable, soft amber light is amazing.  Good battery life.
1	Small and portable, soft light is amazing.  Good battery.
1	Small and portable, mild amber ignite is amazing.  Good battery life.
1	Small and portable, soft amber light represent is amazing.  Good battery life.
1	Small amazing portable, soft amber light is and.  Good battery life.
0	Old.
0	honest-to-god.
0	erstwhile Old.
0	Old.
1	Great picture quality, auto-flash, red-eye control, nice LCD
1	Great skillful picture quality, auto-flash, red-eye control, nice LCD
1	Great picture quality, control, red-eye auto-flash, nice LCD
1	Great picture quality,, red-eye control, nice LCD
1	Great picture quality, auto-flash, red-eye operate, nice LCD
1	Exellent quality pictures
1	Exellent quality exposure pictures
1	quality pictures
1	Exellent lineament pictures
1	Exellent pictures quality
1	The price is right, it takes a lot of pictures as well as video.
1	The price is right, it takes amp a lot of pictures as well as video.
1	The price is right, takes a lot of pictures as as video.
1	The price is right, it involve a lot of envision as well as video.
1	video price is right, it takes a lot of pictures as well as The.
0	speed, uses a lot of ink
0	ink, uses a lot of speed
0	speed, uses heap a lot of ink
0	speed, uses a set of ink
0	, uses a lot of ink
1	Great pictures
1	Great 
1	pictures Great
1	keen pictures
1	smashing Great pictures
0	Pricy and over-powered signal strength
0	Pricy and signal strength
0	Pricy and over-powered dear signal strength
0	Pricy and over-powered signaling strength
0	Pricy and over-powered strength signal
1	Good Quality prints and easy setup.
1	Good light Quality prints and easy setup.
1	sound Quality prints and easy setup.
1	and Quality prints Good easy setup.
1	Good prints and easy setup.
0	ImageMaker software not compatible with older operating systems, locked into MemoryStick technology
0	ImageMaker software not compatible technology older operating systems, locked into MemoryStick with
0	ImageMaker software not compatible with quondam operating organization, locked into MemoryStick technology
0	ImageMaker not compatible with older operating, locked into MemoryStick technology
0	ImageMaker software not compatible with older operating systems, locked into scheme MemoryStick technology
0	Small display size
0	size display Small
0	display size
0	Small exhibit size
0	Small humble display size
0	Does not light up
0	not light up
0	coiffe not light up
0	Does not light make up
0	up not light Does
1	great value at a low price
1	great value at low a price
1	smashing value at a low price
1	great value at a price
1	great value keen at a low price
0	Ink remnants on some print jobs.
0	Ink remnant on some print jobs.
0	Ink remnants on some print around jobs.
0	Ink remnants on some print.
0	Ink some on remnants print jobs.
0	Some image quality problems, design problems, stigma of being a Casio
0	problems image quality Some, design problems, stigma of being a Casio
0	roughly image quality problems, project problems, stigma of being a Casio
0	Some image quality problems, design, stigma of a Casio
0	Some image quality problems, design problems, stigma of axerophthol being a Casio
1	Great Photo Prints
1	Prints Photo Great
1	photograph Great Photo Prints
1	Great Photo 
1	dandy Photo Prints
0	Toner expense
0	Toner toner expense
0	expense Toner
0	toner expense
0	expense
1	Ultra-Compact Size, 4 megapixels, 3x Optical Zoom, Mode Dial &amp; FUNC button  
1	Ultra-Compact Size, 4 megapixels, 3x Optical whizz, Mode Dial &amp; FUNC clit  
1	Ultra-Compact Size, megapixels, 3x Zoom, Mode Dial &amp; FUNC button  
1	Ultra-Compact Size, 4 megapixels, 3x amp Zoom, Mode Dial &Optical; FUNC button  
1	Ultra-Compact Size, 4 megapixels, 3x Optical Zoom, Mode Dial &amp; FUNC fashion button  
0	No USB port, no included Smartcard reader.
0	No USB port, included Smartcard reader.
0	No USB port, no include included Smartcard reader.
0	No USB port, no included Smartcard lecturer.
0	No USB port, no included reader Smartcard.
0	Confounding phone book, frequently doesn't connect calls, poor quality faceplate.
0	discombobulate Confounding phone book, frequently doesn't connect calls, poor quality faceplate.
0	Confounding phone book, calls doesn't connect frequently, poor quality faceplate.
0	fuddle phone book, frequently doesn't connect calls, poor tone faceplate.
0	Confounding phone book, frequently doesn't connect calls, poor.
1	Bad battery life and freezes up.
1	Bad battery and life freezes up.
1	Bad battery life and freezes shelling up.
1	Bad battery life and up.
1	forged battery life and freezes up.
0	A little on the bulky side.
0	angstrom little on the bulky side.
0	little on the bulky side.
0	A little on adenine the bulky side.
0	A little on bulky the side.
0	not real sturdy, lots of features to learn with poor explanations
0	real sturdy, lots of features to with poor explanations
0	not real sturdy, caboodle of features to discover with poor explanations
0	not real sturdy, lots of features to learn with account poor explanations
0	not of sturdy, lots real features to learn with poor explanations
1	None come to mind
1	come to mind
1	None come to psyche
1	None none come to mind
1	mind come to None
0	Poor ergonomics, poor sound.
0	Poor ergonomics, sound.
0	Poor ergonomics, poor level-headed.
0	ergonomics Poor, poor sound.
0	Poor levelheaded ergonomics, poor sound.
1	Lots of features, compact design.
1	features of Lots, compact design.
1	Lots of features, contract compact design.
1	Lots of, compact design.
1	rafts of features, compact design.
0	Cost
0	toll
0	Cost
0	price Cost
1	Compact, sturdy, vibrate mode
1	vibrate, sturdy, Compact mode
1	thick, sturdy, vibrate mode
1	Compact, sturdy, vibrate 
1	Compact, tough sturdy, vibrate mode
0	A bit flimsy
0	bit A flimsy
0	A act flimsy
0	A flimsy
0	amp A bit flimsy
0	Slow download, missing features.
0	download Slow, missing features.
0	slack download, missing features.
0	Slow download, missing decelerate features.
0	Slow, missing features.
1	Very portable, industry standard image quality, plenty of features.
1	Very portable, industry standard pot image quality, plenty of features.
1	Very portable, industry standard image quality, plenty of.
1	Very portable, industry standard image quality, slew of features.
1	Very portable, industry standard image features, plenty of quality.
1	Speaker phone is nice.
1	gracious Speaker phone is nice.
1	Speaker sound is nice.
1	Speaker phone nice is.
1	phone is nice.
0	Wait period between shots seems long.
0	period Wait between shots seems long.
0	delay period between shots seems long.
0	Wait period between shots seems betwixt long.
0	Wait between shots seems long.
0	A little more pricey than some printers, but well worth it.
0	A little more pricey some than printers, but well worth it.
0	A little more pricey than some printers, More but well worth it.
0	A little pricey some printers, but well worth it.
0	A little more pricey than some printers, but swell deserving it.
1	great price
1	great 
1	outstanding great price
1	bang-up price
1	price great
1	seperate ink cartridges
1	seperate ink cartridges
1	seperate cartridges ink
1	seperate ink pickup
1	ink cartridges
1	print quality, ease of use
1	print quality, ease of 
1	print choice quality, ease of use
1	print quality, ease of utilisation
1	of quality, ease print use
1	Compact, Lightweight, Takes great photos in daylight
1	Compact, Lightweight, great Takes photos in daylight
1	Compact, Lightweight, Takes great in daylight
1	Compact, Lightweight, pack great photos in daylight
1	Compact, Lightweight, exposure Takes great photos in daylight
1	Great print quality, print jobs begin quickly
1	Great print quality, jobs begin quickly
1	Great print quality, print jobs get quickly
1	Great quality print, print jobs begin quickly
1	Great print quality, print mark jobs begin quickly
0	low resolution pictures are really not worth the effort.
0	low resolution visualise are really not worth the effort.
0	low resolution pictures really not worth the effort.
0	low resolution pictures non are really not worth the effort.
0	low resolution pictures are really worth not the effort.
1	Great Quality, Very Reliable, Easy to Use
1	Great Quality, Reliable, Easy to Use
1	Great Quality, Reliable Very, Easy to Use
1	Great Quality, Very timber Reliable, Easy to Use
1	gravid Quality, Very Reliable, Easy to Use
1	Features, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, clarity, it's like having a phone, Gameboy, PDA in one!
1	, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, clarity, it's like having a, Gameboy, in one!
1	Features, crystal-clear reception, tv-like Gameboy, clarity, it's phone having a like, screen, PDA in one!
1	sport, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, clarity, it's like having a phone, Gameboy, organizer in peerless!
1	Features, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, clarity, it's lucidness like having a receipt phone, Gameboy, PDA in one!
0	Low resolution, no optical zoom,  and eats batteries
0	Low resoluteness, no optical zoom,  and eats batteries
0	Low, no optical zoom,  and eats batteries
0	batteries resolution, no optical zoom,  and eats Low
0	chow Low resolution, no optical zoom,  and eats batteries
1	no shutter lag, fast autofocus, 5 megapixels, tons of features
1	no shutter stave, firm autofocus, 5 megapixels, tons of features
1	shutter lag, fast autofocus, megapixels, tons of features
1	lag shutter no, fast autofocus, 5 megapixels, tons of features
1	no shutter lag, fast autofocus, 5 megapixels, tons of scores features
0	No optical zoom
0	No optic optical zoom
0	No ocular zoom
0	zoom optical No
0	No zoom
1	Killer prints especially on Photo Paper
1	Killer prints on especially Photo Paper
1	Killer prints especially on Photo newspaper
1	exposure Killer prints especially on Photo Paper
1	Killer especially on Photo Paper
1	Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, Clear and Beautiful Ringtones
1	External LCD Screen, Bright LCD, Clear and Beautiful Ringtones
1	Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, Clear and realize Beautiful Ringtones
1	Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, clean-cut and Beautiful Ringtones
1	Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, and Beautiful Ringtones
0	Cost
0	be Cost
0	toll
0	Cost
0	Price
0	toll
0	Price
0	cost Price
1	Rugged, good display, great integration of phone and Palm PDA.
1	Rugged, good display, great integration of thenar phone and Palm PDA.
1	Rugged, good display, great of phone Palm PDA.
1	Rugged, good display, great integration of phone Palm and PDA.
1	Rugged, proficient display, great integration of phone and ribbon PDA.
0	small buttons
0	humble buttons
0	buttons small
0	small clitoris buttons
0	buttons
0	poor mpeg movie quality
0	piteous mpeg movie quality
0	poor mpeg movie 
0	timbre poor mpeg movie quality
0	quality mpeg movie poor
0	Jams a lot; jams are difficult to re-start
0	Jams a pot; jams are difficult to re-start
0	Jams a lot; jams are to re-start
0	Jams exist a lot; jams are difficult to re-start
0	Jams jams lot; a are difficult to re-start
0	Long time between photos, bad in low-light conditions, HP charges for driver downloads now
0	Long time between, in low-light conditions, HP charges for driver downloads now
0	Long time between photos, bad in low-light conditions, HP charges for driver downloads foresightful now
0	Long time between photos, bad in now conditions, HP charges for driver downloads low-light
0	Long clock between photos, forged in low-light conditions, HP charges for driver downloads now
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, compact
1	use, easy to Inexpensive, compact
1	Inexpensive, easy use, compact
1	Inexpensive, easy utilize to use, compact
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, constrict
1	Outstanding Printer, Duplex, High speeds, small footprint
1	Outstanding Printer, Duplex, High speeds, duplex small footprint
1	Outstanding Printer, Duplex, small speeds, High footprint
1	Outstanding Printer, Duplex, gamy speeds, small footprint
1	Outstanding, Duplex, High speeds, small footprint
0	Poor reproduction of color photos, NOISY
0	of reproduction Poor color photos, NOISY
0	Poor reproduction of color, NOISY
0	Poor reproduction of color photos, noisy NOISY
0	Poor procreation of color photos, NOISY
1	Quality &amp; price makes this worth the purchase.
1	Quality &amp; price this worth the purchase.
1	Quality &amp; price makes this worth purchase the.
1	Quality &amp; price fix this worth the purchase.
1	Quality &amp; character price makes this worth the purchase.
0	Slow Download time, No ZOOM or MACRO
0	ZOOM Download time, No Slow or MACRO
0	Slow Download time, No or MACRO
0	Slow Download time, No ZOOM or behind MACRO
0	Slow Download clip, No ZOOM or MACRO
1	Great idea for 2 small children; can be used with infant carrier
1	Great idea for 2 small children; can be used with infant diminished carrier
1	Great idea for two small children; can be used with infant bearer
1	Great idea for 2 small children; can be infant with used carrier
1	Great idea for 2 small; can be used with infant 
1	Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
1	interesting all Palm functions; Has conversation piece
1	all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
1	Has altogether all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
1	Has all Palm functions; concern conversation piece
1	Beautiful colored screen and lots of options. Love the blue lighted keys.
1	Beautiful colored screen options lots of and. Love the blue lighted keys.
1	Beautiful colored screen and lots of options. unhorse Love the blue lighted keys.
1	Beautiful tinge screen and lots of options. Love the dispirited lighted keys.
1	Beautiful colored screen and of options. Love blue lighted keys.
1	Dozens of features, competitive price, SmartMedia capability, a camera for every environment!
1	Dozens of features, competitory price, SmartMedia potentiality, a camera for every environment!
1	Dozens of features, competitive price, SmartMedia capability, a camera for militant every environment!
1	Dozens of, competitive price, SmartMedia capability, camera for every environment!
1	Dozens of features, competitive price, SmartMedia for, a camera capability every environment!
0	Different shape, $$
0	Different, $$
0	Different determine, $$
0	shape Different, $$
0	Different different shape, $$
1	Amazing Printing Quality and Design
1	Amazing Printing Quality and 
1	Amazing conception Printing Quality and Design
1	Design Printing Quality and Amazing
1	amaze Printing Quality and Design
1	User friendly, great quality, compact size
1	User favorable friendly, great quality, compact size
1	User, great quality, compact size
1	User size, great quality, compact friendly
1	User friendly, great timbre, compact size
0	Not cheap, sound could be better, magnet-based flip open, prone to smudges and scratches
0	Not cheap, sound could be better, magnet-based flip smudges, prone to open and scratches
0	cheap, could be better, magnet-based flip open, prone to smudges and scratches
0	Not cheap, sound could be better, magnet-based throw open, prone to smudges and lettuce
0	Not cheap, sound could be better, smutch magnet-based flip open, prone to smudges and scratches
1	Compact size and extremely easy to use.
1	and size Compact extremely easy to use.
1	Compact and extremely easy to use.
1	Compact super size and extremely easy to use.
1	covenant size and extremely easy to use.
0	Average color printing quality
0	Average quality printing color
0	Average distort color printing quality
0	Average color printing 
0	fair color printing quality
0	Fixed-focus, delay between shots.
0	Fixed-focus, delay between detain shots.
0	, delay between shots.
0	shots, delay between Fixed-focus.
0	Fixed-focus, delay between shot.
1	3.34 megapixels, great lens, many modes, caters to amateurs and pros, crisp LCD screen
1	terzetto.34 megapixels, great lens, many fashion, caters to amateurs and pros, frizzly LCD screen
1	3.34 megapixels, great lens, many modes, caters to amateurs pros, crisp 
1	3.34 megapixels, great lens, many modes, caters xxxiv to amateurs and professional pros, crisp LCD screen
1	pros.to megapixels, great lens, many modes, caters 34 amateurs and 3, crisp LCD screen
1	Looks cool
1	Looks 
1	cool Looks
1	Looks wait cool
1	flavor cool
1	Good-looking. Lightweight.  Phone of the Moment!
1	Good-looking. mo Lightweight.  Phone of the Moment!
1	. Lightweight.  Phone of the Moment!
1	Good-looking. Lightweight.  telephone of the Moment!
1	Good-looking. of.  Phone Lightweight the Moment!
0	None so far, really !
0	so far, really !
0	far so None, really !
0	None so Interahamwe far, really !
0	None so Interahamwe, really !
0	Software Problems, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours spent with tech support
0	minute Software Problems, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours spent with tech support
0	Software Problems, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours spent with support tech
0	Software problem, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours worn-out with tech support
0	Software, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours spent with tech 
0	The battery life is not great.
0	The battery life nifty is not great.
0	The battery life is not.
0	The battery life is great not.
0	The battery life is not gravid.
0	Highlights red hues in low-light situations, similar cons shared by most digital cameras.
0	Highlights red hues in, similar cons shared by most digital cameras.
0	Highlights in hues red low-light situations, similar cons shared by most digital cameras.
0	hue Highlights red hues in low-light situations, similar cons shared by most digital cameras.
0	Highlights ruby-red hues in low-light site, similar cons shared by most digital cameras.
0	Large footprint
0	footprint Large
0	Large 
0	Large footmark footprint
0	Large step
0	a lot, see my comments
0	mass a lot, see my comments
0	a lot, consider my comments
0	lot, see my comments
0	a lot, my see comments
1	Beautiful design, Good reception, Holographic display
1	Beautiful design, designing Good reception, Holographic display
1	design, Good reception, Holographic display
1	Beautiful design, Good Holographic, reception display
1	Beautiful design, right reception, Holographic display
0	quality
0	quality
0	character
0	calibre quality
1	Incredible print quality, lasting toner, and speed.
1	quality print Incredible, lasting toner, and speed.
1	prize Incredible print quality, lasting toner, and speed.
1	Incredible print quality, lasting toner, and.
1	Incredible impress quality, lasting toner, and speed.
1	Excellent print quality, extremely inexpensive.
1	Excellent print prime, extremely inexpensive.
1	highly Excellent print quality, extremely inexpensive.
1	Excellent inexpensive quality, extremely print.
1	Excellent print quality, inexpensive.
1	Small, good quality pics
1	Small, pics quality good
1	calibre Small, good quality pics
1	Small, skillful quality pics
1	Small, good quality 
0	Speakerphone is not a great quality
0	Speakerphone is not a cracking quality
0	Speakerphone lineament is not a great quality
0	Speakerphone is not great a quality
0	Speakerphone not a great quality
1	When it works it is fast, high quality and has a small desktop footprint
1	When it process it is libertine, high quality and has a small desktop footprint
1	it works it is fast, high quality has a small desktop footprint
1	When it works it is fast, high quality and has process a small desktop footprint
1	When it works it is small, high quality and has a fast desktop footprint
1	Fast, reliable, cheap, good quality output.
1	output, reliable, cheap, good quality Fast.
1	secure Fast, reliable, cheap, good quality output.
1	, reliable, cheap, good quality output.
1	Fast, reliable, cheap, unspoilt quality output.
1	Useful cardboard box
1	cardboard box
1	unlifelike Useful cardboard box
1	utile cardboard box
1	box cardboard Useful
0	Battery &amp; software management are not as good newer models
0	Battery &amp; software management are not as good young newer models
0	Battery &amp; software as are not management good newer models
0	Battery &A; software management are not as sound newer models
0	&amp; software management not as good newer models
1	Great print quality. Stand alone copy feature is handy. 
1	Great brook print quality. Stand alone copy feature is handy. 
1	Great print quality. Stand alone copy boast is handy. 
1	Great print. Stand alone copy feature is handy. 
1	Great print quality. alone Stand copy feature is handy. 
1	easy to use, saves to disk
1	use to easy, saves to disk
1	easy to consumption, saves to disk
1	to use, saves to disk
1	easy to slowly use, saves to disk
0	- Can't do Super Glossy prints, - Poor selection of compatible photo paper. 
0	- Poor do Super Glossy prints, - Can't selection of compatible photo paper. 
0	- do Super Glossy prints, - Poor of compatible photo paper. 
0	- Can't do tiptop shining prints, - Poor selection of compatible photo paper. 
0	- Can't do Super Glossy print prints, - Poor selection of compatible photo paper. 
1	inexpensive for its size, cute design,very durable
1	inexpensive for very size, cute design,its durable
1	inexpensive for its size, precious design,very durable
1	inexpensive for its size, cute design,very 
1	inexpensive for its size, cute cunning design,very durable
0	Expensive ink.
0	expensive ink.
0	ink Expensive.
0	Expensive.
0	expensive Expensive ink.
0	No support for anything but windows 9x
0	No backing for anything but windows 9x
0	No for anything but windows 9x
0	No support for 9x but windows anything
0	No support for anything but living windows 9x
1	Prints nicely and quickly, Affordable price
1	Prints nicely and quickly, Affordable affordable price
1	Prints nicely and Affordable, quickly price
1	Prints nicely and rapidly, Affordable price
1	Prints nicely and, Affordable price
1	Size, weight, features, reception.
1	Size, features, weight, reception.
1	, weight, features, reception.
1	Size, burden, features, reception.
1	size Size, weight, features, reception.
0	Zero customer service
0	Zero customer nix service
0	Zero customer 
0	service customer Zero
0	Zero customer servicing
1	Cute, small phone. Large, colorful screen. Good speakerphone. Easily fits into small purse or pocket.
1	Good, small fits. Large, colorful screen. Cute speakerphone. Easily phone into small purse or pocket.
1	Cute, small phone. Large, colorful screen. unspoiled speakerphone. easily paroxysm into small purse or pocket.
1	Cute, small phone. bag Large, scoop colorful screen. Good speakerphone. Easily fits into small purse or pocket.
1	, small. Large, colorful screen. Good speakerphone. Easily fits small purse or pocket.
0	No flash, poor pictures, and you can't see the pics until you download.
0	No flash, poor pictures, and you can't see download pics until you the.
0	No flash, poor pictures, you can't the pics until you download.
0	nobelium flash, poor show, and you can't see the pics until you download.
0	No flash, poor pictures, and pitiable you can't see the pics until you download.
1	many features, great quality
1	many features, keen quality
1	features, great quality
1	many calibre features, great quality
1	many quality, great features
0	cost a lot
0	cost a caboodle
0	cost mess a lot
0	lot a cost
0	a lot
1	Easy and Fun to Use , great photo , and video quality  
1	Easy and fun to Use , cracking photo , and video quality  
1	to and Fun Easy Use , great photo , and video quality  
1	Easy and Fun choice to Use , great photo , and video quality  
1	Easy Fun Use , great photo , and video quality  
0	Weak flash, Not the best in &amp;quot;auto&amp;quot; low light
0	Weak flash, Not the best in &amp;quot;auto&amp;quot; low-pitched luminousness
0	Weak flash, Not the best indium in &amp;quot;auto&amp;quot; low light
0	Weak flash, Not the best in &;quot;auto&amp;; low light
0	Weak flash, Not the best in &amp;quot;auto&quot;amp; low light
1	lots of features, good reception & battery, good design
1	of features, good reception & battery, good design
1	lots design features, good reception & battery, good of
1	lots of features, near reception & battery, good design
1	lots of features, response good reception & battery, good design
1	simple, takes clear pictures while moving
1	simple, takes clear pictures while 
1	while, takes clear pictures simple moving
1	simple, yield clear pictures while moving
1	simple, takes clear motivate pictures while moving
0	nothing specific to this printer, just drawbacks of inkjet printers in general
0	cipher specific to this pressman, just drawbacks of inkjet printers in general
0	nothing specific to this printer, just IN drawbacks of inkjet printers in general
0	specific to this printer, just drawbacks of inkjet in general
0	nothing specific to this printer, just drawbacks of inkjet in printers general
0	Battery needs charging daily if you use the phone at all.  no back up battery
0	the needs charging use if you daily Battery phone at all.  no back up battery
0	Battery needs if use the phone at all.  no back up battery
0	Battery needs bill daily if you employment the call at all.  no back up battery
0	Battery astatine needs charging daily hinder if you use the phone at all.  no back up battery
1	Great image quality, good text quality, fairly speedy
1	Great image quality, good quality text, fairly speedy
1	outstanding image quality, good text quality, fairly speedy
1	Great image quality, good text quality, fairly pretty speedy
1	Great image, good text quality, fairly speedy
0	no good holster/leather case designed yet.
0	no good holster/yet case designed leather.
0	dependable no good holster/leather case designed yet.
0	no unspoilt holster/leather case designed yet.
0	good holster/leather case designed yet.
0	no optical zoom
0	zoom optical no
0	no soar optical zoom
0	no ocular zoom
0	no optical 
0	none
0	none
0	Autofocus has problems in low light, fragile power/lens cover switch
0	Autofocus has problems in cover light, fragile power/lens low switch
0	Autofocus has problems in low-pitched abstemious, fragile power/lens cover switch
0	Autofocus has wanton problems in low light, fragile power/lens cover switch
0	Autofocus has problems in low, fragile/lens cover switch
1	Small. Awesome battery Life. Really good menu systems.
1	Small. Awesome battery Life. Really good systems menu.
1	Small. Awesome battery Life. Really good systems.
1	pocket-sized. Awesome battery Life. Really good menu systems.
1	Small. shelling Awesome battery Life. Really good menu systems.
0	Minor nozzle clogging issue in some situations
0	Minor nozzle clogging issue in some place
0	Minor nozzle clogging spot issue in some situations
0	Minor nozzle clogging in issue some situations
0	nozzle clogging issue in some situations
0	No more excuses for not running
0	No more excuses for non not running
0	more No excuses for not running
0	No more condone for not running
0	No more for not running
1	Super features, good sounding audio, web access
1	Super features, sound good sounding audio, web access
1	Super features, good sounding audio, access web
1	Super features, well sounding audio, web access
1	Super features, good audio, web access
1	Looks nice
1	look Looks nice
1	nice
1	front nice
1	nice Looks
1	Slim, light, adequate features
1	Slim, features, adequate light
1	Slim, light, adequate slenderize features
1	Slim,, adequate features
1	Slim, light, adequate sport
1	Ultra cool, good resolution, excellent image quality, highly portable, uses AAA batteries
1	Ultra cool, resolution, excellent quality, highly portable, uses AAA batteries
1	Ultra cool, near resolution, excellent image quality, highly portable, utilization AAA batteries
1	Ultra cool, good resolution, excellent image batteries, highly portable, uses AAA quality
1	Ultra epitome cool, good resolution, excellent image quality, highly portable, uses AAA batteries
0	cost of ink cartridges
0	cost cartridges ink of
0	toll of ink cartridges
0	of ink cartridges
0	cost pickup of ink cartridges
0	Unable to print at all if one cartridge is empty. 
0	Unable to at all if one is empty. 
0	Unable to print at all if unrivaled cartridge is hollow. 
0	Unable to print at all entirely if one cartridge is empty. 
0	Unable to all at print if one cartridge is empty. 
1	Unique features, holds multiple children if necessary
1	Unique features, holds tiddler multiple children if necessary
1	features, holds multiple children if necessary
1	Unique features, holds multiple fry if necessary
1	Unique features, if multiple children holds necessary
0	sound quality
0	tone sound quality
0	quality
0	sound prize
0	quality sound
0	Short Battery Life, Long-Run Performance
0	Short Life Battery, Long-Run Performance
0	Short Battery semipermanent Life, Long-Run Performance
0	Short Battery Life, Performance
0	myopic Battery Life, Long-Run Performance
1	The color display!
1	The vividness color display!
1	The display color!
1	The coloring display!
1	color display!
1	Rock solid, great output, features, size.
1	Rock strong, great output, features, size.
1	Rock solid, great features, output, size.
1	Rock solid, great turnout output, features, size.
1	Rock solid, output, features, size.
1	Virtually Unbreakable, 2way paging, a lot of stuff
1	Virtually Unbreakable, 2way paging, a of stuff
1	Virtually Unbreakable, 2way binge paging, a lot of stuff
1	Virtually Unbreakable, 2way paging, a lot of gormandise
1	Virtually Unbreakable, stuff paging, a lot of 2way
0	Camera has a lower pixel count than some others, no added XD memory card.
0	Camera has a lower pixel count than contribute some others, no added XD memory card.
0	camera has a lower pixel count than some others, no added XD memory scorecard.
0	Camera a lower pixel count some others, no added XD memory card.
0	Camera has a lower pixel count than some others, no added memory XD card.
1	Great pictures, nice movie mode, small, easy to use, 
1	Great pictures, nice movie minor mode, small, easy to use, 
1	Great pictures, nice movie mode, small, easy use, 
1	corking pictures, nice movie mode, small, easy to use, 
1	Great to, nice movie mode, small, easy pictures use, 
1	Separate color tanks
1	color Separate tanks
1	Separate color split tanks
1	Separate color 
1	Separate emblazon tanks
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, affordable media
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, cheap affordable media
1	Easy to inexpensive, use, affordable media
1	well-to-do to use, inexpensive, affordable media
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, media
1	Easy to use, good pictures, reasonably priced
1	Easy to use, flick good pictures, reasonably priced
1	Easy to use, pictures, reasonably priced
1	Easy to use, estimable pictures, reasonably priced
1	Easy to good, use pictures, reasonably priced
1	Great Photos/Floppy Storage
1	Photos Great/Floppy Storage
1	heavy Photos/Floppy Storage
1	Great great Photos/Floppy Storage
1	Great Photos/ Storage
1	tip calculator
1	figurer tip calculator
1	lean calculator
1	tip 
1	calculator tip
0	Difficult storage area, large size
0	Difficult storage sizing area, large size
0	Difficult storage size, large area
0	Difficult storage area, expectant size
0	Difficult storage, large size
0	Some of the frills, such as the optional borders, are not very useful.
0	Some of the frills, the optional borders, are not very useful.
0	Some of the folderal, such as the optional abut, are not very useful.
0	Some of the frills, such as the optional borders, are not very real useful.
0	Some of the frills, as such the optional borders, are not very useful.
0	Battery life, navigation, ringer not loud enough.
0	Battery life, navigation, ringer loud enough.
0	Battery living, navigation, ringer not loud enough.
0	Battery life, enough, ringer not loud navigation.
0	Battery life, navigation, gimcrack ringer not loud enough.
1	Nice features
1	features
1	courteous features
1	overnice Nice features
1	features Nice
0	Poor canopy design.
0	Poor canopy conception.
0	design canopy Poor.
0	Poor design.
0	misfortunate Poor canopy design.
0	SLOW menus, bad buttons, limited memory.
0	dense menus, bad buttons, limited memory.
0	SLOW remembering menus, bad buttons, limited memory.
0	memory menus, bad buttons, limited SLOW.
0	SLOW menus, bad buttons, limited.
1	size, appearance, and &quot;everyday&quot; features
1	size, appearance, and &quot;everyday&features; quot
1	size, appearance, and &quot;everyday&quot; have
1	size, appearance, and &quot;everyday&quot; 
1	size, appearance, appearing and &quot;everyday&quot; features
0	ink cost
0	cost
0	toll ink cost
0	cost ink
0	ink be
0	Battery consumption
0	consumption Battery
0	Battery 
0	Battery battery consumption
0	shelling consumption
0	I use voice stream,,,, but they are getting better
0	pullulate I use voice stream,,,, but they are getting better
0	I use voice stream,,,, but they are bewilder better
0	I use voice stream,,,, they are getting better
0	I use voice stream,,,, getting they are but better
1	a very handy piece
1	a very Handy handy piece
1	a very handy 
1	a very handy spell
1	handy very a piece
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + more much so
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, earphones, + so more
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + strait so much more
1	Reliable, well-situated size, percipient sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Fast Black and White printing
1	Fast Black and printing
1	Fast printing and White Black
1	Fast Black and impress White printing
1	Fast calamitous and White printing
1	Easy to Use
1	to Use
1	Easy use to Use
1	well-situated to Use
1	Use to Easy
1	tiny size, incredible loading/saving speed, "roomy" built-in memory.
1	tiny size, incredible loading/saving speed, "roomy" memory.
1	tiny size, speed loading/saving incredible, "roomy" built-in memory.
1	tiny size, incredible loading/delivery speed, "roomy" built-in memory.
1	unbelievable tiny size, incredible loading/saving speed, "roomy" built-in memory.
1	Easy to use, good interface&amp;#13;&amp;#10;great "gadget" appeal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Easy to, interface&amp;#13;&amp;#10;great "gadget" appeal&amp;#;&amp;#10;
1	Easy to employment, beneficial interface&amp;#13;&amp;#10;great "gadget" appeal&amp;#XIII;&amp;#10;
1	Easy amp use, good amp&to;#13;&amp;#10;great "gadget" appeal&interface;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Easy to use, good interface&amp;#13;&amp;#10;A great "gadget" appeal&AMP amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Cool looking
1	Cool wait looking
1	Cool wait
1	looking
1	looking Cool
1	Easy to use, price is right, saves you money in the long run if you love to take pictures.   
1	to use, price, saves you money in the long run if you love to take pictures.   
1	Easy relieve to use, price is right, saves you money in the long run usance if you love to take pictures.   
1	Easy to money, price is right, saves you in use the long run if you love to take pictures.   
1	well-situated to use, Price is right, saves you money in the long run if you lovemaking to take pictures.   
0	Not too many extras.
0	Not too extra many extras.
0	Not too extras many.
0	not too many extras.
0	Not too extras.
0	Lens cap can be bothersome
0	Lens cap bothersome be can
0	Lens crown cap can be bothersome
0	cap can be bothersome
0	Lens capital can be bothersome
0	carrier straps are too small
0	straps are too small
0	carrier toter straps are too small
0	carrier strap are too small
0	straps carrier are too small
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	A decent phone with features unique some!
1	A decent with some unique features!
1	A decent phone with some unique sport!
1	A decent phone with some roughly unique features!
1	Effective combination of phone and PDA; you get what you pay for.
1	Effective combination of phone and PDA; you beat what you devote for.
1	Effective combination of phone and PDA; you what you for.
1	Effective combination you phone and PDA; of get what you pay for.
1	Effective combination of phone and PDA; you get what headphone you pay for.
1	Nice upgrade to 4700 series, full-featured.
1	Nice to 4700 series, full-featured.
1	Nice upgrade to 4700 series, serial full-featured.
1	Nice upgrade series 4700 to, full-featured.
1	Nice climb to 4700 series, full-featured.
0	No hierarchy in contact list, sync software hard to set up
0	No hierarchy in contact list, sync software hard to package set up
0	No in list, sync software hard to set up
0	No software in contact list, sync hierarchy hard to set up
0	nobelium hierarchy in contact list, sync software hard to lay up
1	Excellent pictures, great battery life, ease of use
1	Excellent pictures, large battery life, ease of use
1	Excellent, great battery life, ease of use
1	Excellent of, great battery life, ease pictures use
1	Excellent pictures, great simplicity battery life, ease of use
0	Numerous settings can be confusing to the casual user.
0	casual settings can be confusing to the Numerous user.
0	Numerous settings can be bedevil to the casual user.
0	Numerous settings can be confusing to the numerous casual user.
0	Numerous settings can be to the casual user.
0	horrible service, nothing but problems
0	horrible service, nothing problems but
0	horrible service, nothing but atrocious problems
0	horrible service, nothing but trouble
0	horrible service, but problems
0	Focus range begins at 4 feet, lens unprotected.
0	begins range Focus at 4 feet, lens unprotected.
0	Focus range begins at 4 feet, lens nidus unprotected.
0	Focus swan begins at 4 feet, lens unprotected.
0	Focus range begins at 4 feet, lens.
1	nice photo prints; print from flash card
1	nice photo prints; print flash card
1	nice photo print; prints from flash card
1	nice photo prints; print from flash publish card
1	nice photo prints; print from flashing card
1	Quality Photos; Ease of use; size of camera; 
1	Quality Photos; Ease of use; size informality of camera; 
1	Quality size; Ease of use; Photos of camera; 
1	Quality Photos; relief of use; size of camera; 
1	Quality Photos; Ease of use; size of; 
0	no MPEG mode, big
0	no No MPEG mode, big
0	no MPEG mode, 
0	no MPEG big, mode
0	no MPEG style, big
1	great for casual users, nice features for price range, easy to use
1	great for easily casual users, nice features for price range, easy to use
1	great for casual, features for price range, easy to use
1	capital for casual users, nice features for price pasture, easy to use
1	great for casual users, nice features use price range, easy to for
1	Low Price, Good Quality
1	Low Price, undecomposed Quality
1	Low Price, Quality
1	Low Price, Quality Good
1	Low Price, Good gloomy Quality
0	Vertical format shape and 8 way selector take getting used to.
0	format and 8 way selector take getting used to.
0	Vertical format shape and 8 way selector proceeds grow used to.
0	Vertical format shape and selector way 8 take getting used to.
0	perpendicular Vertical format shape and 8 way selector take getting used to.
0	price,no longevity, sound quality
0	price,no toll longevity, sound quality
0	price,no longevity, phone quality
0	price,no, sound quality
0	price,no longevity, quality sound
1	Small and convenient to use
1	Small and convenient to 
1	belittled and convenient to use
1	Small use convenient to and
1	Small and commodious convenient to use
0	A little Static
0	A Static little
0	petty A little Static
0	A little electrostatic
0	little Static
0	Nothing, except people annoying you asking &amp;quot;What is that&amp;quot;
0	zilch, omit people annoying you asking &amp;quot;What is that&amp;quot;
0	Nothing, What people annoying you asking &amp;quot;except is that&amp;quot;
0	Nothing, except people annoying asking &amp;quot;What is&amp;quot;
0	Nothing, except people constitute annoying you asking &amp;quot;What is that&amp;quot;
0	Cumbersome menu; washed-out LCD; tech support
0	Cumbersome menu; washed-out LCD; stomach tech support
0	Cumbersome; washed-out LCD; tech support
0	Cumbersome menu; washed-out LCD; tech accompaniment
0	Cumbersome menu; tech LCD; washed-out support
1	Double Sided Printing, High Speed, Many Print Options, Versatile
1	Double Sided many Printing, High Speed, Many Print Options, Versatile
1	Double Sided Printing, High Speed, Many mark Options, Versatile
1	Print Sided Printing, High Speed, Many Double Options, Versatile
1	Double Sided Printing, High Speed, Print Options, Versatile
1	good crisp color screen
1	screen crisp color good
1	good crisp color 
1	good covert crisp color screen
1	honorable crisp color screen
0	Reception SOMETIMES choppy.
0	Reception choppy SOMETIMES.
0	response SOMETIMES choppy.
0	Reception SOMETIMES jerky choppy.
0	Reception choppy.
1	low-cost, good quality
1	, good quality
1	low-cost, good just quality
1	low-cost, beneficial quality
1	quality, good low-cost
0	detachable hood is a bit weird
0	detachable hood eldritch is a bit weird
0	detachable hood is a minute weird
0	detachable weird is a bit hood
0	detachable hood a bit weird
0	Complicated. Too small?
0	Complicated. small Too?
0	low Complicated. Too small?
0	Complicated. besides small?
0	Complicated. small?
0	I can't afford two
0	give I can't afford two
0	iodine can't afford two
0	can't afford two
0	I two afford can't
1	Wonderful Quaility
1	rattling Quaility
1	Wonderful wonderful Quaility
1	Quaility
1	Quaility Wonderful
0	no camera case!
0	no case!
0	no camera suit!
0	no No camera case!
0	case camera no!
1	Folding lens avoids scratching.  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
1	Folding lens scratching.  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
1	Folding lens avoids cancel.  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
1	Folding lens avoids Easy.  scratching and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
1	Folding lens void avoids scratching.  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
1	10x zoom, Small size, Full manual mode, Driver-less connection
1	10x zoom, Small size, Full sizing manual mode, Driver-less connection
1	mode zoom, Small size, Full manual 10x, Driver-less connection
1	10x zoom, Small size, Full manual mode, Driver-less connectedness
1	10x zoom, Small, Full manual mode, Driver-less connection
1	Easy to use,Great pictures
1	groovy Easy to use,Great pictures
1	Easy to habit,Great pictures
1	Easy pictures use,Great to
1	Easy use,Great pictures
1	Very good 3.2MP camera at a wonderful price anyone can afford.
1	Very beneficial 3.2MP camera at a marvelous price anyone can afford.
1	Very good 3.2MP camera at a terms wonderful price anyone can afford.
1	Very 3.2MP at a wonderful price anyone can afford.
1	Very good 3.2MP camera at price wonderful a anyone can afford.
0	location of lens makes it easy to block when holding, menu is difficult to manage
0	location of lens makes it wangle easy to block when oversee holding, menu is difficult to manage
0	location of lens piddle it easy to obturate when bind, menu is difficult to manage
0	location to lens it makes easy of block when holding, menu is difficult to manage
0	of lens it easy to block when holding, menu is difficult manage
0	No extras
0	extras No
0	No duplicate extras
0	No extra
0	extras
0	inability to upgrade the OS, monochrome screen, no sd, cf or bluetooth
0	inability to upgrade the osmium, monochrome screen, no sd, cf. or bluetooth
0	inability cf upgrade the OS, monochrome screen, no sd, to or bluetooth
0	inability to upgrade the OS, monochrome screen, no sd, cf unfitness or bluetooth
0	inability to OS, monochrome screen, no sd, cf or bluetooth
0	i cant think of any
0	i cant reckon of any
0	chamfer i cant think of any
0	cant i think of any
0	i cant think of 
0	poor documentation, battery cover, tripod mount design
0	poor documentation, battery cover, design mount tripod
0	poor documentation, battery brood, tripod mount design
0	poor documentation, battery cover, tripod wax mount design
0	poor, battery cover, tripod mount design
0	Eats up batteries!, Not expandable. Kodak does not have any attachable lenses for this camera
0	Eats batteries!, expandable. Kodak does not have any lenses for this camera
0	Eats up Kodak!, Not expandable. batteries not does have any attachable lenses for this camera
0	deplete up batteries!, non expandable. Kodak does not have any attachable lens for this camera
0	Eats up batteries!, Not expandable. Kodak does not upwardly have any bombardment attachable lenses for this camera
1	Simple, easy to use, no additional equipment to buy.
1	Simple, easy to use, no additional equipment to purchase.
1	extra Simple, easy to use, no additional equipment to buy.
1	Simple, easy to use, no additional to equipment buy.
1	Simple, easy to use, no additional equipment buy.
0	None worth highlighting.
0	None none worth highlighting.
0	None highlighting.
0	None highlighting worth.
0	none worth highlighting.
1	Great quality with lots of features
1	Great quality big with lots of features
1	Great with lots of features
1	Great quality with lots features of
1	Great quality with portion of features
1	Folds compactly, easy to load, very affordable
1	Folds really compactly, easy to load, very affordable
1	easy compactly, Folds to load, very affordable
1	Folds compactly, to load, very affordable
1	flexure compactly, easy to load, very affordable
0	In it's class it has none.
0	In it's class it has HA none.
0	In it class it's has none.
0	inch it's class it has none.
0	In it's class it none.
1	Price, After Market ink, Speed
1	Price, Market After ink, Speed
1	Price, After Market ink, 
1	Price, After commercialize Market ink, Speed
1	Price, after Market ink, Speed
1	Takes good pictures
1	good pictures
1	assume Takes good pictures
1	postulate good pictures
1	good Takes pictures
1	Space saving, high quality images, inexpensive
1	Space images, high quality saving, inexpensive
1	Space saving, high icon quality images, inexpensive
1	Space saving, high timber images, inexpensive
1	Space saving, high quality images, 
1	Best Photo Quality In A Printer I've Seen Yet!
1	Best Photo Quality In A Seen I've Printer Yet!
1	Best Photo Quality In angstrom Printer I've Seen Yet!
1	Best Photo Quality In Printer I've Seen Yet!
1	Best Photo Quality In A however Printer I've Seen Yet!
0	makes a bit of noise, takes time on quality print jobs
0	makes a bit noise, takes time on quality jobs
0	makes a bit publish of noise, takes time on quality print jobs
0	seduce a bite of noise, takes time on quality print jobs
0	makes a bit of noise, takes time print quality on jobs
1	Cheap, beautiful and fast printing and very very quiet
1	sleazy, beautiful and fast printing and very very quiet
1	very, beautiful and fast printing and very Cheap quiet
1	Cheap, beautiful and fast printing and very very impress quiet
1	Cheap, beautiful and fast and very very quiet
1	Good amount of features, good battery life
1	Good of amount features, good battery life
1	proficient amount of features, good battery life
1	Good amount of, good battery life
1	Good serious amount of features, good battery life
1	Good quality inexpensive initially
1	Good inexpensive quality initially
1	Good quality inexpensive calibre initially
1	soundly quality inexpensive initially
1	Good quality inexpensive 
1	this is a very user friendly camera.
1	this is a very exploiter friendly camera.
1	this is a very user friendly exploiter camera.
1	this is camera very user friendly a.
1	this is a very user camera.
1	Good long lasting cell phone
1	serious long lasting cell phone
1	Good lasting long cell phone
1	Good long lasting phone
1	Good long lasting cellphone cell phone
0	Battery life so-so, phone book access a bit cumbersome
0	Battery life so-so, phone book access a bit earphone cumbersome
0	Battery life so-so, phone Quran access a bit cumbersome
0	Battery life so-so, book access a bit cumbersome
0	Battery life so-so, phone access book a bit cumbersome
0	does not play .mp3 files
0	work does not play .mp3 files
0	does not wager .mp3 files
0	does play .mp3 files
0	does mp3 play .not files
0	A bit heavy to carry around all day.
0	A bit grueling to carry around all day.
0	bit heavy to carry around all day.
0	totally A bit heavy to carry around all day.
0	A bit to heavy carry around all day.
0	Doesnt come with rechargables.
0	Doesnt with rechargables.
0	Doesnt come with rechargables.
0	Doesnt do with rechargables.
0	Doesnt rechargables with come.
0	Rechargable battery is extra, battery life is short, only two aperature stops, if cap left on while unit is powered up, lens is driven into the cap (not that big a deal, but bad engineering)
0	Rechargable battery a up, battery if is short, only two aperature stops, life cap left is while unit on powered extra, lens is driven into the cap (not that big is deal, but bad engineering)
0	battery is extra, battery is short, only two aperature, cap left while unit powered up, is driven into the cap (not that big a deal, but bad engineering)
0	Rechargable battery is extra, battery spell life is along short, only two aperature stops, if cap left on while unit is capital powered up, lens is driven into the angstrom cap (not that big a deal, but bad engineering)
0	Rechargable battery is supernumerary, battery life is poor, only two aperature Chicago, if cap unexpended on while unit is powered up, lens is driven into the cap (not that crowing a batch, but sorry engineering)
0	Um.... well, Canon doesn't give them away for free.   
0	Um...., Canon doesn't give them away for free.   
0	Um.... well, Canon doesn't give them away for justify.   
0	Um.... well, Canon doesn't give them feed away for free.   
0	Um.... well, Canon doesn't give them away free for.   
1	Color, fast, ease of use
1	Color, use, ease of fast
1	Color, fast, rest of use
1	Color, fast, of use
1	utilise Color, fast, ease of use
1	Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink,Fantastic Photos
1	Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink,tremendous Photos
1	photograph Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink,Fantastic Photos
1	Inexpensive,ink with Thrifty,Fantastic Photos
1	Inexpensive,Thrifty ink,Fantastic Photos
1	Very sleek and small.  LOADS of features!
1	Very sleek and.  LOADS of features!
1	Very sleek and features.  LOADS of small!
1	Very flowing and small.  LOADS of features!
1	Very sleek and small.  minor LOADS of features!
1	Its small and reliable, it will fit on any desktop. 
1	Its small and reliable, it will fit whatever on any desktop. 
1	fit small and reliable, it will Its on any desktop. 
1	Its and reliable, will fit on any desktop. 
1	Its small-scale and reliable, it will outfit on any desktop. 
1	Fast, USB Support, Easy to use. 
1	Fast, USB Support, use to Easy. 
1	Fast, keep USB Support, Easy to use. 
1	Fast, USB Support, Easy use. 
1	Fast, USB patronage, Easy to use. 
0	High price, so-so battery life, small monochrome screen, sleazy Motorola marketing
0	High shelling price, so-so battery life, small monochrome screen, sleazy Motorola marketing
0	High price, so-so battery life, small screen, sleazy marketing
0	marketing price, so-so battery life, small monochrome screen, sleazy Motorola High
0	High price, so-so shelling life-time, small monochrome screen, sleazy Motorola marketing
1	Big screen. PDA and Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
1	Big. PDA and Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
1	MP3 screen. PDA and Phone in one. Big ringtones.
1	boastfully screen. PDA and Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
1	Big screen. Indiana PDA and Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
1	great pictures, fast downloads, nice camera body, customer support
1	great pictures, fast downloads, nice camera customer, body support
1	great pictures, fast downloads, nice camera body, customer 
1	great pictures, fast downloads, client nice camera body, customer support
1	great pictures, fast downloads, nice camera body, customer accompaniment
1	Wonderful and economic choice
1	Wonderful and pick economic choice
1	Wonderful choice economic and
1	terrific and economic choice
1	Wonderful and economic 
1	Durable, Clear Reception, Easy to use interface
1	Durable, Clear Reception, Easy to use perdurable interface
1	Durable, solve Reception, Easy to use interface
1	Durable, Clear Reception, Easy to use 
1	Durable, use Reception, Easy to Clear interface
1	It's lightweight. Easy to transfer pictures. 
1	It's photo lightweight. Easy to transfer pictures. 
1	It's transfer. Easy to lightweight pictures. 
1	It's lightweight. Easy to pictures. 
1	It's lightweight. Easy to transfer picture. 
1	Price, speed, quality, ease of use/installation
1	Price, speed, quality, of ease use/installation
1	Price, speed, quality, relaxation of use/installation
1	Price, speed, quality, alleviate ease of use/installation
1	Price, speed, quality, ease of use/
1	Does a lot
1	a Does lot
1	Does a 
1	Does amp a lot
1	Does a muckle
0	none
0	none
1	easy setup, crisp text, good graphics, good speed
1	easy setup, crisp text, good graphics, good 
1	easy setup, crisp text, good graphics, good upright speed
1	easy setup, good text, crisp graphics, good speed
1	easy setup, crisp schoolbook, good graphics, good speed
0	Could have been a little more compact
0	Could have been a footling more compact
0	More Could have been a little more compact
0	little have been a Could more compact
0	Could have a little more compact
0	Expensive, I hope the costs of ink cartridges comes down soon.
0	Expensive, ace hope the costs of ink cartridges amount down soon.
0	Expensive, I hope comes costs of ink cartridges the down soon.
0	Expensive, I hope the costs of arrive ink cartridges comes down soon.
0	Expensive, I hope the of ink comes down soon.
0	slow
0	slack
0	slow
0	wearisome slow
0	too many to list
0	to many too list
0	many to list
0	too many to tilt
0	too many to name list
0	Battery life, dropped calls, charging time
0	Battery lifetime life, dropped calls, charging time
0	Battery life, dropped, charging time
0	Battery life, time calls, charging dropped
0	Battery life, dropped calls, file time
1	makes a good paperweight, looks impressive
1	makes a practiced paperweight, looks impressive
1	a good paperweight, looks impressive
1	makes a good paperweight, looks commodity impressive
1	makes a good looks, paperweight impressive
0	Not the smallest camera on the market
0	Not the smallest camera on the along market
0	Not the smallest camera on the commercialise
0	Not the smallest camera on market the
0	Not the smallest camera the market
0	High on radiation list, awkward cover release, smart card connection
0	High on radiation, awkward cover, smart card connection
0	High on radiation lean, awkward address release, smart card connection
0	High on connection list, awkward cover release, smart card radiation
0	High on radiation list, awkward cover poster release, smart card connection
0	Trouble with graphics.
0	with Trouble graphics.
0	fuss Trouble with graphics.
0	with graphics.
0	discommode with graphics.
0	bad quality photos, no flash, long wait for download
0	quality bad photos, no flash, long wait for download
0	bad No quality photos, no flash, long wait for download
0	bad quality, no flash, long wait for download
0	bad quality photos, no flash, long expect for download
1	Easy SMSing and design.
1	Easy SMSing and pattern design.
1	Easy SMSing and blueprint.
1	Easy SMSing design and.
1	SMSing and design.
0	Movies can only be viewed with QuickTime
0	Movies viewed only be can with QuickTime
0	Movies can only be viewed with 
0	Movies can represent only be viewed with QuickTime
0	film can only be viewed with QuickTime
1	it works, it's cheap, it's small, ink is cheap
1	it works, it's cheap, it's small, ink cheap
1	it works, it's meretricious cheap, it's small, ink is cheap
1	it works, it's cheap, ink small, it's is cheap
1	it works, it's punk, it's small, ink is cheap
0	Battery Life, Supplied Memory
0	Battery Life, Supplied memory
0	Battery Life, Supplied 
0	Battery store Life, Supplied Memory
0	Memory Life, Supplied Battery
1	interchangeable faces to match decor
1	interchangeable similar faces to match decor
1	interchangeable cheek to match decor
1	faces to match decor
1	match faces to interchangeable decor
0	Battery life, Zoom could be better, Switch on Back falls off
0	Battery, Zoom could be better, Switch on Back falls 
0	Battery life, Zoom falls be better, Switch on Back could off
0	Battery life, Zoom could be better, flip-flop on hind falls off
0	Battery game life, Zoom could be better, Switch on Back falls off
1	Laden with useful features, good performance
1	Laden useful features, good performance
1	Laden with useful features, performance good
1	Laden with useful features, skilful performance
1	Laden ladle with useful features, good performance
1	little, Compact Flash card, functions, software
1	card, Compact Flash little, functions, software
1	little, Compact card, functions, software
1	little, Compact Flash card, purpose functions, software
1	small, Compact Flash card, functions, software
0	Ugly and slow.
0	and Ugly slow.
0	Ugly slow.
0	frightful and slow.
0	Ugly and despicable slow.
0	Sheet feeder doesn't work well
0	feeder doesn't work well
0	Sheet feeder work doesn't well
0	Sheet feeder doesn't run well
0	confluent Sheet feeder doesn't work well
0	Not as fast as fast as I had hoped.
0	equally Not as fast as fast as I had hoped.
0	Not as fast as fast I had hoped.
0	Not as fast had fast as I as hoped.
0	Not as fast as fast as I had hope.
1	small size, cool look, headset
1	small size, cool, headset
1	small size, cool appear, headset
1	small size, cool look, assuredness headset
1	small headset, cool look, size
1	Small, handy, memory stick, USB
1	Small, handy, memory stay, USB
1	Small, handy, stick, USB
1	Small, handy, stick memory, USB
1	Small, handy, memory amaze stick, USB
0	Short battery life.
0	battery life.
0	Short battery scant life.
0	battery Short life.
0	Short battery liveliness.
1	Big color screen, decent battery life, cool look.
1	color screen, decent battery life, cool look.
1	Big color screen, decent living battery life, cool look.
1	cool color screen, decent battery life, Big look.
1	large color screen, decent battery life, cool look.
1	Small Size, Easy to Use, Good Picture
1	Small Size, to Use, Good Picture
1	Small Size, see Easy to Use, Good Picture
1	Small Size, prosperous to Use, Good Picture
1	Small Size, Good to Use, Easy Picture
1	easy to use, sensitive, full keyboard
1	easy sensible to use, sensitive, full keyboard
1	easy to, sensitive, full keyboard
1	use to easy, sensitive, full keyboard
1	easy to habit, sensitive, full keyboard
1	Easy to use, nice entry level digital camera for the price
1	Easy to use, nice entree point digital camera for the price
1	Easy to, nice entry level digital camera for the 
1	Easy to use, nice entry level Price digital camera for the price
1	Easy to nice, use entry level digital camera for the price
0	Lens barrel visible through optical viewfinder.
0	Lens drum visible through optical viewfinder.
0	Lens barrel visible optical viewfinder.
0	Lens through visible barrel optical viewfinder.
0	Lens barrel visible through optical seeable viewfinder.
1	Sexy design, Image, Video &amp; Sound capture, small
1	Sexy design, Image, Video &; Sound capture, small
1	Sexy design, television Image, Video &amp; Sound capture, small
1	Sexy excogitation, Image, Video &amp; Sound capture, small
1	Sexy design, amp, Video &Image; Sound capture, small
0	I don't like them
0	don't I like them
0	unity don't like them
0	comparable I don't like them
0	don't like them
0	4M card.
0	card.
0	4M posting card.
0	4M menu.
0	card 4M.
0	none for the money. 
0	none for the. 
0	none money the for. 
0	none for the money. 
1	Very light weight. Good clear outdoor daytime pictures.
1	Very weight. Good clear outdoor daytime pictures.
1	Very light daytime. Good clear outdoor weight pictures.
1	outside Very light weight. Good clear outdoor daytime pictures.
1	Very light weight. Good absolved outdoor daytime pictures.
1	high printing speeds, excellent quality printing, made for most printing jobs.
1	high printing amphetamine, splendid quality printing, made for most printing jobs.
1	high printing prime speeds, excellent quality printing, made for most printing jobs.
1	high printing speeds, excellent quality printing, most for made printing jobs.
1	high printing speeds, quality, made for most printing jobs.
1	great UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
1	great UI, tiny size, nice design, intimate antenna, infrared, vacillate alert, 2-way SMS/email
1	great UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, aerial vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
1	great UI, tiny, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/
1	great UI, tiny antenna, nice design, internal size, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
1	4 Megapixels. Movie mode. Great pictures!
1	Megapixels 4. Movie mode. Great pictures!
1	4 Megapixels. Movie mode. Great!
1	neat 4 Megapixels. Movie mode. Great pictures!
1	4 Megapixels. flick mode. Great pictures!
1	Worthy replacement to the 950 and 990.
1	Worthy substitute to the 950 and 990.
1	Worthy replacement to the suitable 950 and 990.
1	Worthy replacement to the 950 990 and.
1	Worthy replacement the 950 and 990.
0	Extremely Poor Battery life, Ring tones cannot be heard, technical issues, cheap frame/cover.
0	Extremely cheap Battery life, Ring tones cannot be heard, technical issues, Poor frame/cover.
0	Extremely Poor Battery life, Ring cannot be heard, technical, cheap frame/cover.
0	Extremely Poor Battery life, Ring tones cannot shroud be heard, technical issues, cheap frame/cover.
0	Extremely Poor Battery life, Ring feel cannot be heard, technical issues, cheap compose/cover.
0	Almost too small sometimes, accessories not readily available, no auto keylock feature
0	Almost too small sometimes, accessories not readily feature, no auto keylock available
0	Almost too small sometimes, accessories not readily humble available, no auto keylock feature
0	Almost too humble sometimes, appurtenance not readily available, no auto keylock feature
0	too small sometimes, accessories not readily available, no keylock feature
0	pricy, bigger than nokia 7650
0	pricy, bad than nokia 7650
0	crowing pricy, bigger than nokia 7650
0	pricy, nokia than bigger 7650
0	, bigger than nokia 7650
1	Sturdy, classy, shopping bag space, convenient for getting baby from carseat to stroller without disturbance.
1	Sturdy,, shopping bag space, for getting baby from to stroller without disturbance.
1	uncompromising, classy, shopping bag space, convenient for getting child from carseat to pushchair without disturbance.
1	disruption Sturdy, classy, shopping bag space, convenient for getting baby from rat carseat to stroller without disturbance.
1	Sturdy, classy, shopping bag space, from to getting baby convenient carseat for stroller without disturbance.
0	Price of accessories
0	accessories of Price
0	toll of accessories
0	Price accessories
0	Price supplement of accessories
0	Unavailability of service in areas
0	in of service Unavailability areas
0	Unavailability of service unavailability in areas
0	Unavailability of service in 
0	Unavailability of service in country
1	excellent value, does video clips, very easy to use, web cam capability
1	excellent value, does capability clips, very easy to use, web cam video
1	excellent value, does video clips, very to, web cam capability
1	excellent value, does video nip, very easy to employment, web cam capability
1	excellent leisurely value, does video clips, very easy to use, web cam capability
0	Battery Life, made out of poor plastic , can not play internet games on this.
0	cook Battery Life, made out of poor plastic , can not play internet games on this.
0	Battery Life, made out of poor plastic , can not bet internet game on this.
0	Life, made out poor plastic , can not play internet games on this.
0	Battery Life, this out of poor plastic , can not play internet games on made.
0	Paper feed, noise, printer driver
0	composition feed, noise, printer driver
0	Paper noise, feed, printer driver
0	Paper feed, noise, pressman printer driver
0	Paper feed,, printer driver
0	Cannot download ringers
0	Cannot ringers
0	Cannot ringer download ringers
0	Cannot ringers download
0	Cannot download ringer
1	Many options/light weight/games/stores 99 names/numbers
1	Many options/light weight/games/stores 99/numbers
1	Many options/names weight/games/stores 99 light/numbers
1	Many options/light weight/games/stores 99 names/figure
1	Many ic options/light weight/games/stores 99 names/numbers
1	1200 dpi&amp;#13;&amp;#10;microfine toner
1	1200 dpi&amp;#13;&amp;#X;microfine toner
1	1200 dpi&amp;#;&amp;#10;microfine toner
1	1200 dpi&amp;#13;&amp;#10;microfine toner
1	Great quality enlargements.
1	Great quality expansion enlargements.
1	expectant quality enlargements.
1	quality enlargements.
1	enlargements quality Great.
1	small and compact, nice looking, good quality photos
1	small and compact, nice looking, character good quality photos
1	small and compact, nice, good quality photos
1	small and compact, nice calculate, good quality photos
1	photos and compact, nice looking, good quality small
1	cheap, good quality
1	cheap, quality good
1	cheap, upright quality
1	, good quality
1	tinny cheap, good quality
1	1.3 megapixel, quality shots, easy to use, 3x zoom
1	1.iii megapixel, quality scene, easy to use, 3x zoom
1	1.3 use, quality shots, easy to megapixel, 3x zoom
1	1.3 megapixel, quality shots, easy to, 3x 
1	1.3 megapixel, quality shots, easy to use, 3x choice zoom
0	Cheap plastic which gives, including the flip; CHEAP Build qaulity
0	Cheap plastic which gives, including the bod flip; CHEAP Build qaulity
0	Cheap plastic which gives, including the sky; tatty Build qaulity
0	Cheap plastic gives, including the flip; CHEAP Build 
0	Cheap plastic which CHEAP, including the flip; gives Build qaulity
1	Easy, zoom lens, no computer hookup,
1	Easy, zoom lens, no computer lense hookup,
1	Easy, hookup lens, no computer zoom,
1	comfortable, zoom lens, no computer hookup,
1	Easy, zoom, no computer hookup,
1	Easy to carry around
1	Easy around carry to
1	Easy carry around
1	Easy round to carry around
1	prosperous to carry around
0	Unless you want to be aggrevated, don't buy this phone
0	Unless you equal want to be aggrevated, don't buy this phone
0	this you want to be aggrevated, don't buy Unless phone
0	Unless you deprivation to be aggrevated, don't corrupt this phone
0	Unless you want to be aggrevated, don't phone
1	Battery life, durability, sound quality
1	life, durability, sound quality
1	Battery enduringness life, durability, sound quality
1	Battery durability, life, sound quality
1	Battery liveliness, durability, sound quality
0	NO durability at all.
0	nobelium durability at all.
0	NO durability at nobelium all.
0	at durability NO all.
0	NO durability all.
1	Picture Quality, Ease of Use
1	Picture Quality, Ease of 
1	Picture Quality, Ease of habit
1	Picture Quality, Ease Use of
1	select Picture Quality, Ease of Use
1	comes in a nice box, breaks into pretty pieces when smashed
1	comes in adenine a nice box, breaks into pretty pieces when smashed
1	in a nice, breaks into pretty pieces when smashed
1	comes in a nice box, breaks into smashed pieces when pretty
1	comes in a nice box, relegate into pretty pieces when soaked
1	good print quality
1	quality print good
1	choice good print quality
1	good print timber
1	good print 
0	none i have found
0	none have i found
0	none I i have found
0	none have found
0	none i have plant
0	slow processor, Voice Recognition, Camera Software
0	slow processor, Software Recognition, Camera Voice
0	slow processor, CPU Voice Recognition, Camera Software
0	slow, Voice Recognition, Camera Software
0	dim processor, Voice Recognition, Camera Software
0	expensive upfront cost and consumerables, slow to warm up out of standby mode
0	expensive upfront cost style and consumerables, slow to warm up out of standby mode
0	expensive upfront cost and consumerables, mode to warm up out of standby slow
0	expensive cost and consumerables, slow to warm up of standby mode
0	expensive upfront cost and consumerables, obtuse to warm up out of standby fashion
1	price value style
1	price assess value style
1	value price style
1	price evaluate style
1	price style
0	Bad reception
0	reception
0	reception Bad
0	high-risk reception
0	response Bad reception
1	Image quality, low cost cds,long life battery
1	Image quality, low cost price cds,long life battery
1	Image quality, life cost cds,long low battery
1	Image quality, low cds,long life battery
1	Image quality, lowly cost cds,long life battery
1	It is fast and accurate.
1	precise It is fast and accurate.
1	It is libertine and accurate.
1	is fast and accurate.
1	It and fast is accurate.
1	2xAAs,USB,NTSC Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic lense cover,aluminium case
1	,USB,NTSC, Semi pro, automatic lense cover,aluminium case
1	2xAAs,USB,NTSC aluminum Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic lense cover,aluminium case
1	2xAAs,USB,NTSC Semi, Videos-sound pro, automatic lense cover,aluminium case
1	2xAAs,USB,NTSC Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic lense encompass,aluminium cause
0	hard to push, turn, small seating, small basket...
0	firmly to push, turn, small seating, small basket...
0	hard to small, turn, small seating, push basket...
0	hard to push, turn, small tour seating, small basket...
0	hard to, turn, small seating, small basket...
0	Requires to change cartridge for color/bw
0	cartridge to change Requires for color/bw
0	to change cartridge for color/bw
0	Requires to change cartridge for bioattack color/bw
0	Requires to deepen cartridge for color/bw
0	Will not feed small items (3" x 5" or less).
0	Will not feed small items (3" x run 5" or less).
0	Will not feed modest items (3" x Phoebe" or less).
0	Will not feed small items (" x" or less).
0	Will items feed small not (3" x 5" or less).
0	The cover is not see through like the i1000 plus
0	The cover is not see through like i1000 
0	The cover is not done see through like the i1000 plus
0	The cover i1000 not see through like the is plus
0	The binding is not ascertain through like the i1000 plus
0	not very many
0	very many
0	not very many
0	not many very
0	not non very many
1	Being able to &amp;quot;contain&amp;quot; an active preschooler
1	Being able to &amp;quot;participating contain&amp;quot; an active preschooler
1	Being able to &;quot;contain&amp;quot; an preschooler
1	Being able to &amp;quot;contain&active;quot; an amp preschooler
1	comprise able to &amp;quot;contain&ampere;quot; an active preschooler
0	Very few--only outdated by newer technology
0	Very outdated by newer technology
0	Very few--only newer by outdated technology
0	Very few--only superannuated outdated by newer technology
0	Very few--only outdated by novel technology
1	good color
1	good colouring
1	good 
1	good secure color
1	color good
1	Features, Battery Life, Portability, Robustness
1	Features, living Battery Life, Portability, Robustness
1	Features, Battery Life, Portability, 
1	Features, Life Battery, Portability, Robustness
1	boast, Battery Life, Portability, Robustness
0	Paper curls.
0	Paper curl.
0	Paper scroll curls.
0	curls.
0	curls Paper.
0	Accessories hard to find
0	Accessories operose to find
0	Accessories hard to 
0	Accessories hard to determine find
0	Accessories to hard find
0	ink is expensive
0	ink is personify expensive
0	ink is expensive
0	expensive is ink
0	ink expensive
1	Small size, Zoom
1	sizing Small size, Zoom
1	Small, Zoom
1	small-scale size, Zoom
1	Small Zoom, size
1	IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus assist, Processing/refresh speed, Remote, Price dropping daily.
1	, Overall Pic Quality, Focus assist, Processing/refresh speed, Remote, Price dropping daily.
1	Focus ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, IS assist, Processing/refresh speed, Remote, Price dropping daily.
1	constitute ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus assist, Processing/refresh speed, Remote, Price deteriorate daily.
1	IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic represent Quality, Focus assist, Processing/refresh speed, Remote, Price dropping daily.
1	35mm Quality, 3x Optical Zoom, True SLR, Plenty of Storage, Auto-Everything
1	35mm Quality, 3x Optical Zoom, True SLR, Plenty of Storage, whizz Auto-Everything
1	35mm Quality, 3x ocular Zoom, True SLR, stack of Storage, Auto-Everything
1	Storage Quality, 3x Optical Zoom, True SLR, Plenty of 35mm, Auto-Everything
1	35mm, 3x Optical Zoom, True SLR, of Storage, Auto-Everything
0	The battery life is lacking, no other real problems
0	The battery life is lacking, no other real 
0	The battery life is wanting, no other real problems
0	The battery life lacking is, no other real problems
0	The tangible battery life is lacking, no other real problems
1	1'8 inch LCD View Finder
1	1'8 inch LCD consider Finder
1	1'8 Finder LCD View inch
1	1'8 LCD View Finder
1	1'8 inch LCD catch View Finder
1	Fast B/W, Cheap
1	debauched B/W, Cheap
1	B Fast/W, Cheap
1	debauched Fast B/W, Cheap
1	Fast B/, Cheap
0	Image noise
0	effigy Image noise
0	project noise
0	Image 
0	noise Image
1	Ease of general use; compact size; good quality pictures for the price
1	Ease of general use; compact; good quality pictures the price
1	Ease of general use; compact size; well quality image for the price
1	Ease of general calibre use; compact size; good quality pictures for the price
1	Ease of general use; compact for; good quality pictures size the price
0	poor, poor reliability
0	pathetic, poor reliability
0	poor, poor reliability
0	, poor reliability
0	miserable poor, poor reliability
1	Small, Lithium battery, Great colours
1	Small, Lithium, Great colours
1	pocket-size, Lithium battery, Great colours
1	Small, Lithium colours, Great battery
1	Small, Lithium gravid battery, Great colours
0	compact size sometimes a problem, can have battery door problems
0	compact a problem, can have battery door problems
0	compact size sometimes problems problem, can have battery door a
0	compact size sometimes a problem, can have bombardment doorway problems
0	compact problem size sometimes a problem, can have battery door problems
0	Horrible battery life, turns off randomly and must re-input date/time
0	Horrible battery life, turns randomly and must re-input date/
0	Horrible off life, turns battery randomly and must re-input date/time
0	Horrible battery life, turns off randomly and must re-input sour date/time
0	atrocious battery life, turning off randomly and must re-input date/time
0	not-too-good sound quality for roaming calls, small buttons on the dialing pad
0	not-too-good sound for calls, small buttons on the dialing pad
0	not-too-good voice quality for roaming calls, small buttons on the dialing tramp
0	not-too-good sound quality for roaming calls, small buttons on the dialing dial pad
0	not-too-good sound quality for calls roaming, small buttons on the dialing pad
0	Frequent ink cartridge replacement, messy prints, and frequent problems
0	Frequent frequent cartridge replacement, messy prints, and ink problems
0	Frequent ink cartridge replacing, messy prints, and frequent problems
0	Frequent cartridge replacement, messy prints, and frequent problems
0	Frequent ink cartridge replacement, messy prints, and patronise frequent problems
0	Bad reception, low ring volume.
0	Bad reception, low volume.
0	Bad reception, ring low volume.
0	Bad reception, low band volume.
0	Bad reception, low ring gloomy volume.
1	Durable. Firmware upgrades easy. Quality reception and sound. Numerous accessories readily available from web vendors.
1	. Firmware upgrades. Quality reception sound. Numerous accessories readily available from web vendors.
1	Durable. Firmware horde upgrades easy. Quality legion reception and sound. Numerous accessories readily available from web vendors.
1	Durable. Firmware upgrades from. web reception and sound. Numerous accessories readily available easy Quality vendors.
1	Durable. Firmware raise easygoing. Quality reception and sound. Numerous appurtenance readily available from web vendors.
0	Antenna, not many options, text messaging
0	antenna Antenna, not many options, text messaging
0	Antenna, not many options, text message
0	Antenna, not options, text messaging
0	Antenna, not options many, text messaging
0	Poor indoor photo quality. Especially the flash and white balance.  Battery life.
0	Poor indoor photo quality. Especially the flash and white balance.  scud Battery life.
0	inadequate indoor photo quality. Especially the jiffy and white balance.  Battery life.
0	Poor indoor Especially quality. photo the flash and white balance.  Battery life.
0	indoor photo quality. Especially the flash and white balance.  Battery.
0	Lousy phone! Bad speakers, poor functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! Avoid this phone.
0	Lousy phone! Bad speakers, poor functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! Avoid phone this.
0	Lousy phone! Bad speaker, poor functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! avert this phone.
0	Lousy phone! Bad speakers, functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! this phone.
0	verbaliser Lousy phone! Bad speakers, poor functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! Avoid this phone.
0	A little slow but hey, what do u want for les than $200
0	A little U slow but hey, what do u want for les than $200
0	A little slow for hey, what do u want but les than $200
0	A slow but hey, what do want for les than $200
0	axerophthol little slow but hey, what do u deficiency for les than $200
0	None really other than the 8M Smartmedia card shipped with camera a little small.
0	None really other than the Smartmedia card shipped with a little small.
0	None really other than the 8M Smartmedia wit shipped with camera a petty small.
0	None really other than the 8M Smartmedia card very shipped with camera a little small.
0	None really other the than 8M Smartmedia card shipped with camera a little small.
0	Bad reception, not durable, home charger doesn't work
0	Bad reception, not durable, home charger work
0	Bad charger, not durable, home reception doesn't work
0	Bad reception, not durable, place charger doesn't work
0	Bad reception, not durable, non home charger doesn't work
0	Antenna. 'Nuf said.
0	Antenna. 'feeler Nuf said.
0	. 'Nuf said.
0	Antenna. 'Nuf state.
0	said. 'Nuf Antenna.
1	Excellent Quality, Cheap, easy to use
1	Excellent Quality, light Cheap, easy to use
1	Excellent Quality, trashy, easy to use
1	Excellent, Cheap, easy to use
1	Excellent Quality, Cheap, use to easy
1	lots of useful options
1	lots useful options
1	lots options useful of
1	Lot of useful options
1	lots utilitarian of useful options
0	Volume range; echo
0	Volume echo; range
0	Volume swan; echo
0	roll Volume range; echo
0	Volume; echo
0	Long intiation
0	farseeing intiation
0	Long yearn intiation
0	intiation Long
0	intiation
0	Poor reception/dropped calls, ineffective vibrate mode, some design flaws
0	Poor reception/dropped calls, ineffective vibrate mode, some conception defect
0	Poor reception/dropped calls, some vibrate mode, ineffective design flaws
0	Poor reception/dropped inadequate calls, ineffective vibrate mode, some design flaws
0	Poor/dropped calls, ineffective vibrate mode, some flaws
0	large footprint
0	bombastic footprint
0	large step footprint
0	footprint large
0	footprint
0	Buy the Camera Dock when you purchase the Camera
0	Buy the Dock Camera when you purchase the Camera
0	Buy the Camera dock when you purchase the Camera
0	Buy the Dock when you purchase the Camera
0	Buy the Camera Dock when you purchase the camera Camera
0	Power consumption; should be sold with the 'optional' power kit included.
0	Power consumption; should be sold with the 'optional' include power kit included.
0	Power use; should be deal with the 'optional' power kit included.
0	; should be sold with the 'optional' power kit included.
0	should consumption; Power be sold with the 'optional' power kit included.
1	lots of features, compact size
1	lots of size, compact features
1	lots of features, compact lineament size
1	lots of, compact size
1	pot of features, compact size
0	Only 2x zoom
0	Only zoom 2x
0	Only 2x soar zoom
0	Only 2x surge
0	Only zoom
1	compact, photo  quality, quiet
1	compact,  quality, quiet
1	compact, photo  quality, restrained
1	compact, pic photo  quality, quiet
1	compact, photo  quiet, quality
1	Resolution, ease of use
1	Resolution, of use
1	Resolution, ease utilization of use
1	ease, Resolution of use
1	Resolution, easiness of use
1	Price, Speed, Cost of Maintenance, Performance
1	Price, Speed, Cost Performance Maintenance, of
1	Price, Speed, of Maintenance, Performance
1	Price, accelerate, Cost of Maintenance, Performance
1	Price, Speed, Cost of zip Maintenance, Performance
1	excellent image quality, easy to use, optical and digital zoom, remote control
1	excellent image optical, easy to use, quality and digital zoom, remote control
1	excellent quality, easy to use, optical and digital zoom, remote 
1	excellent image quality, sluttish to expend, optical and digital zoom, remote control
1	excellent image quality, easy to use, optical and digital zoom, remote ocular control
0	More than any one phone should have.
0	More more than any one phone should have.
0	More than any peerless phone should have.
0	More than any one should have.
0	More phone any one than should have.
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	Some features, small navigation issues, and poor external planning.
0	Some presentation neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	Some neutered features, low navigation offspring, and poor external display planning.
0	Some and features, small navigation issues, neutered poor external display planning.
0	Slightly slow for color
0	Slightly color for slow
0	Slightly slow color
0	Slightly slow slacken for color
0	Slightly irksome for color
0	slightly grainy prints.
0	slightly granular prints.
0	somewhat slightly grainy prints.
0	slightly prints.
0	slightly prints grainy.
0	more noise than the s45 (the s50's 4MP stablemate)
0	more noise than the s50's (the s45 4MP stablemate)
0	more noise than the s45 (the s50's 4MP stablemate)
0	more noise than the s45 (the s50's 4MP)
0	more stochasticity than the s45 (the s50's 4MP stablemate)
1	Size, Weight, Simple to use, 
1	size, Weight, Simple to use, 
1	Size, Weight, Simple to, 
1	Simple, Weight, Size to use, 
1	Size, Weight, Simple to uncomplicated use, 
0	Camera size is too big, many features that beginners don't use
0	Camera size is too big, many features that gravid beginners don't use
0	Camera size that too big, many features is beginners don't use
0	Camera is too big, many that beginners don't use
0	Camera size is too self-aggrandizing, many features that beginners don't purpose
1	12 ppm, 600x 600 resolution, AFFORDABLE!
1	12 ppm, 600x 600 resolution,!
1	600x ppm, 12 600 resolution, AFFORDABLE!
1	12 ppm, 600x dozen 600 resolution, AFFORDABLE!
1	twelve ppm, 600x 600 resolution, AFFORDABLE!
1	Easy to use, works at night, mpeg movie recording, size, memory works well with VAIO.
1	Easy to use, works memory well, mpeg movie recording, size, at works night with VAIO.
1	Easy to use, works at night, mpeg movie immortalise, size, store turn well with VAIO.
1	Easy to use, works at night, mpeg store movie recording, size, memory play works well with VAIO.
1	Easy to use, at night, mpeg movie, size, memory works well VAIO.
0	Slow
0	dumb Slow
0	slack
0	Slow
1	Size, display, easy controls
1	Size, expose, easy controls
1	Size, display, controls easy
1	Size, display, controls
1	Size, display, sizing easy controls
1	Incredible photo quality, quiet operation, integrated memory card reader
1	Incredible photo quality, operation, integrated memory card reader
1	Incredible photo character, quiet operation, integrated memory card reader
1	Incredible photo quality, memory operation, integrated quiet card reader
1	Incredible photo carte quality, quiet operation, integrated memory card reader
1	Sleek, Lightweight, Durable, Awesome battery life.
1	streamlined, Lightweight, Durable, Awesome battery life.
1	Sleek, Awesome, Durable, Lightweight battery life.
1	Sleek, Lightweight,, Awesome battery life.
1	Sleek, Lightweight, awesome Durable, Awesome battery life.
1	Ease of use, Cost effective.
1	Ease of use, Cost simplicity effective.
1	Ease of, Cost effective.
1	Ease of Cost, use effective.
1	Ease of use, price effective.
1	Very quiet, great prints, nice software package included
1	Very quiet, great prints, nice package included
1	Very quiet, included prints, nice software package great
1	Very quiet, large prints, nice software package included
1	Very gracious quiet, great prints, nice software package included
0	Communicam
0	Communicam
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry around, good picture quality
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry around, picture 
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry around, good quality picture
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry around, honorable icon quality
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to dribble carry around, good picture quality
1	Affordable
1	Affordable
1	low-cost
1	affordable Affordable
1	Quality, Ease Of Use, Price, Software, Battery Life
1	Quality, Ease Of Use, damage, Software, Battery Life
1	, Ease Of Use, Price, Software, Battery Life
1	Quality, Ease Use Of, Price, Software, Battery Life
1	Quality, Ease Of Use, Price, Software, lineament Battery Life
1	lightweight, affordable
1	lightweight, low-priced
1	lightweight, jackanapes affordable
1	, affordable
1	affordable, lightweight
0	Hard to hold still ... That might just be me.
0	Hard to hold still ... That might be me.
0	Hard to hold stillness ... That might just be me.
0	Hard to hold be ... That might just still me.
0	firmly Hard to hold still ... That might just be me.
0	No web or GSM, no useful keyboard lock, hard to change rings. Antenna can break!
0	No GSM or web, no useful keyboard lock, hard change to rings. Antenna can break!
0	No web GSM, no useful lock, hard to change rings. Antenna break!
0	No web or GSM, no useful keyboard lock, hard to deepen mob. Antenna can recrudesce!
0	No web vane or GSM, no useful keyboard lock, hard no to change rings. Antenna can break!
1	10X zoom, 4 megapixels, great battery life , 
1	4 zoom, 10X megapixels, great battery life , 
1	10X whizz, 4 megapixels, great battery life , 
1	10X, 4 megapixels, great battery life , 
1	10X zoom, 4 megapixels, big great battery life , 
0	Slightly big in size and weird number pad layout.
0	Slightly big in size and weird number pad numeral layout.
0	Slightly big in size and weird number layout.
0	Slightly big in size and weird number plod layout.
0	Slightly big in size number weird and pad layout.
1	NEVER HAVE TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR DEVELOPING
1	ne'er HAVE TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR DEVELOPING
1	NEVER HAVE TO BUY OR PAY FOR DEVELOPING
1	NEVER HAVE TO BUY FOR OR PAY FILM DEVELOPING
1	NEVER HAVE bargain TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR DEVELOPING
1	Image, Speed, Quality, and great Customer Service
1	Image,, Quality, and great Customer Service
1	Image, Speed, tone, and great Customer Service
1	Image, overhaul Speed, Quality, and great Customer Service
1	great, Speed, Quality, and Image Customer Service
0	small memory stick, 16meg fits 7 images
0	small memory stick, 16meg 7 fits images
0	small memory stick, 16meg retentiveness fits 7 images
0	small memory stick, 16meg fits 7 
0	small memory stick, 16meg burst 7 images
0	Battery life, included memory, does not use standard batteries, larger zOOM?
0	Battery life, included memory, use standard batteries, larger zOOM?
0	Battery life, include included memory, does not use standard batteries, larger zOOM?
0	Battery batteries, included memory, does not use standard life, larger zOOM?
0	battery life, included memory, does not utilisation standard batteries, larger zOOM?
1	Great zoom lens
1	Great zoom surge lens
1	lens zoom Great
1	Great whizz lens
1	Great zoom 
1	Inexpensive, high capacity, easy-to-use, lots of features
1	Inexpensive, lots capacity, easy-to-use, high of features
1	Inexpensive, high capacity, easy-to-use, sport lots of features
1	Inexpensive, high capability, easy-to-use, lots of features
1	, high capacity, easy-to-use, lots of features
0	Price
0	damage
0	price Price
0	Price
0	none
0	none
1	Cheap, great quality pictures
1	Cheap, great quality 
1	Cheap, great quality icon
1	great, Cheap quality pictures
1	Cheap, great quality flash pictures
1	can print from camera card
1	print can from camera card
1	can from camera card
1	can print from camera poster
1	can print from publish camera card
0	I have not found any yet.  Costly Ink Cartridges
0	costly I have not found any yet.  Costly Ink Cartridges
0	any have not found I yet.  Costly Ink Cartridges
0	I have not plant any yet.  Costly Ink Cartridges
0	I have not found any yet.  Costly Ink 
1	cost, picture quality
1	cost, timbre picture quality
1	cost, picture 
1	cost, quality picture
1	cost, scene quality
0	Rechargeable battery doesn't last long.
0	barrage Rechargeable battery doesn't last long.
0	Rechargeable last doesn't battery long.
0	Rechargeable battery doesn't last.
0	Rechargeable battery doesn't last yearn.
1	small, easy to carry, stylish, takes good pictures for the price of the phone
1	small, easygoing to conduct, stylish, takes good pictures for the price of the phone
1	small, easy to carry, stylish, takes good pictures minor for the price of the phone
1	small, easy to carry, stylish, takes good pictures price the for of the phone
1	small, easy to carry, stylish, takes good for the price of phone
0	no problems
0	no 
0	no problem problems
0	no job
0	problems no
1	Small, reliable, long battery life
1	bombardment Small, reliable, long battery life
1	Small, reliable, retentive battery life
1	Small, battery, long reliable life
1	Small,, long battery life
0	This kind of performance doesn't come cheap
0	This kind of performance doesn't fare cheap
0	inexpensive This kind of performance doesn't come cheap
0	This kind of performance doesn't cheap
0	This kind come performance doesn't of cheap
1	Price, speed, dependability
1	reliability Price, speed, dependability
1	Price,, dependability
1	dependability, speed, Price
1	Price, speeding, dependability
0	Compatibility to windows xp, color not as sharp as other lexmark brands.
0	Compatibility to windows xp, color not as keen as other lexmark brandmark.
0	Compatibility to windows xp, color not as sharp other lexmark.
0	Compatibility to windows xp, color not as amp sharp as other lexmark brands.
0	Compatibility to windows not, color xp as sharp as other lexmark brands.
1	Nice Styling and features
1	Nice Styling and lineament features
1	Nice features and Styling
1	Styling and features
1	decent Styling and features
1	Cheap
1	Cheap
1	chintzy Cheap
1	gimcrack
0	doesn't have all the bells and whistles of fancier phones, no games or web browsing
0	doesn't have all the bells and of fancier phones, or web browsing
0	doesn't have all bells the fancier whistles of and phones, no games or web browsing
0	doesn't have all the buzzer and whistles of fancier sound, no punt or web browsing
0	doesn't have all the bells and whistles of fancier phones, ring no games or whistle web browsing
1	Lightweight, easy to use, free
1	Lightweight, easy to, free
1	Lightweight, easy to use, innocent
1	Lightweight, use to easy, free
1	Lightweight, light easy to use, free
0	poor standard battery life
0	poor standard received battery life
0	poor standard life battery
0	piteous standard battery life
0	standard battery life
0	expensive small size cart.
0	sizing expensive small size cart.
0	small expensive size cart.
0	expensive small size.
0	expensive belittled size cart.
0	Can't find any cons!
0	Can't any cons!
0	Can't find any learn!
0	cons find any Can't!
0	Can't find any whatsoever cons!
1	price and 8 megs of memory
1	price and VIII megs of memory
1	and price 8 megs of memory
1	price and 8 megs of 
1	price toll and 8 megs of memory
0	Limited features, mediocre picture quality, low memory.
0	Limited features, mediocre picture quality, low restrict memory.
0	Limited features, mediocre picture quality, Low memory.
0	Limited features, mediocre picture quality, low.
0	Limited features, mediocre memory quality, low picture.
1	Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
1	feel courteous, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
1	Looks nice, convenient, a Palm Pilot phone in one, real Web Browser!
1	Looks nice, very convenient, a browser Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
1	Web nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Looks Browser!
0	haven't found any yet.
0	haven't any found yet.
0	haven't found find any yet.
0	haven't any yet.
0	haven't feel any yet.
1	Excellent buy for the low cost! Works just as well as the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and quick to learn how to use!
1	Excellent buy for the low flying cost! Works just as well as the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and quick habit to learn how to use!
1	Excellent buy for low cost! Works just as well as the more digital!! Easy and quick to learn how use!
1	and buy Excellent the low cost! Works just as well as use more expensive digital cameras!! Easy for quick to learn how to the!
1	Excellent buy for the low cost! crop just as comfortably as the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and quickly to learn how to purpose!
1	Quick printing, looks nice, affordable, easy to use.
1	Quick printing, looks, affordable, easy to use.
1	Quick printing, calculate nice, affordable, easy to use.
1	Quick nimble printing, looks nice, affordable, easy to use.
1	Quick to, looks nice, affordable, easy printing use.
0	button placement
0	clitoris button placement
0	placement button
0	release placement
0	placement
0	The LCD is slightly off center
0	The somewhat LCD is slightly off center
0	The LCD is slightly off mall
0	LCD is slightly off center
0	The off is slightly LCD center
0	expensive (but not more than other brands) ink cartridges
0	not (but expensive more than other brands) ink cartridges
0	expensive (but not more than other sword) ink cartridges
0	expensive (but more than other brands) ink cartridges
0	More expensive (but not more than other brands) ink cartridges
1	There are no pros!!
1	There are no pro!!
1	There are no!!
1	pros are no There!!
1	There are No no pros!!
1	does all the phone functions adequately
1	does all the earpiece functions adequately
1	does all the adequately functions phone
1	does all the functions adequately
1	operate does all the phone functions adequately
0	Expensive ink, , Pictures don't last long
0	Expensive last, , Pictures don't ink long
0	Expensive, , Pictures don't last long
0	Expensive ink, , hanker Pictures don't last long
0	Expensive ink, , Pictures don't conclusion long
1	decent quality printing, easy to use
1	decent quality printing, easily to use
1	decent quality printing, easy use to
1	quality printing, easy to use
1	decent right quality printing, easy to use
0	un-clear printing quality
0	printing un-clear quality
0	printing quality
0	un-clear calibre printing quality
0	un-clear print quality
0	N/A
0	A/N
0	N/angstrom A
0	N/
0	northward/A
0	Only one game
0	Only one 
0	Only one stake
0	Only one I game
0	game one Only
0	This thing eats batteries alive. 
0	thing eats batteries alive. 
0	This thing rust batteries alive. 
0	chow This thing eats batteries alive. 
0	This batteries eats thing alive. 
1	Wonderful Printer, one of the best for photos... lives up to the name!
1	Wonderful Printer, one the best for photos... lives to the name!
1	Wonderful Printer, one of the best for photos... lives up exist to the name!
1	Wonderful Printer, one of the best for the... lives up to photos name!
1	Wonderful Printer, one of the serious for photos... subsist up to the name!
0	shockingly expensive unrefillable ink cartridges.
0	shockingly expensive unrefillable cartridges.
0	shockingly ink unrefillable expensive cartridges.
0	shockingly expensive unrefillable ink cartridge.
0	shockingly magazine expensive unrefillable ink cartridges.
1	Excellent phone for the price. Lots of features I've never had before.
1	Excellent phone for the toll. loads of features I've never had before.
1	terms Excellent phone for the price. Lots of features I've never had before.
1	Excellent phone for the price. Lots of features I've before had never.
1	Excellent phone for price. Lots of features I've never before.
0	None
0	None
0	none None
0	none
1	Free with some plans
1	Free exempt with some plans
1	liberate with some plans
1	plans with some Free
1	Free with plans
0	Battery life (minor problem)
0	Battery life (shaver minor problem)
0	Battery life (minor)
0	Battery animation (minor problem)
0	minor life (Battery problem)
1	Easy to use. 
1	Easy to function. 
1	Easy use. 
1	Easy to practice use. 
1	to Easy use. 
1	wide  enough  to  drive and  make  calls
1	wide  enough  to  drive and  make  visit
1	wide  enough  make  drive and  to  calls
1	wide  enough  to  and  make  calls
1	full wide  enough  to  drive and  make  calls
1	Tiny, extremely lightweight, feature-packed
1	Tiny, extremely whippersnapper, feature-packed
1	Tiny, extremely feature-packed, lightweight
1	Tiny, extremely lightweight, 
1	Tiny, tiny extremely lightweight, feature-packed
0	no self-timer, lens cap or USB connection
0	no lens, self-timer cap or USB connection
0	no self-timer, lens No cap or USB connection
0	no self-timer, lens or USB connection
0	no self-timer, lens cap or USB association
1	easy to use. tiny. audio recorder, MP3 player, camera, and movie recorder in one device.
1	easy to usage. tiny. sound recorder, MP3 player, camera, and picture recorder in one device.
1	easy to use. tiny. audio recorder, MP3 recorder, camera, and movie player in one device.
1	easy to use. tiny. audio twist recorder, light MP3 player, camera, and movie recorder in one device.
1	easy to use. tiny. audio, MP3 player, camera, and movie one device.
0	low battery life, not very loud
0	loud battery life, not very low
0	low battery, not very loud
0	low battery living, not very loud
0	low battery life, rattling not very loud
0	Sucks ink like Dracula sucks blood.
0	Sucks ink like Dracula corresponding sucks blood.
0	ink like Dracula sucks blood.
0	suckle ink like Dracula sucks blood.
0	like ink Sucks Dracula sucks blood.
0	slow color printing
0	slow printing color
0	slow color easy printing
0	slow gloss printing
0	color printing
0	cost on the upper end of models
0	cost on the upper terminate of models
0	cost on the upper amphetamine end of models
0	cost models the upper end of on
0	cost the upper end of models
1	great price for the excellent quality, ease-of-use
1	great ease-of-use for the excellent quality, price
1	great for the excellent quality, ease-of-use
1	great price for the lineament excellent quality, ease-of-use
1	great terms for the excellent quality, ease-of-use
1	Excellent software programs
1	Excellent programs software
1	Excellent software platform
1	Excellent software 
1	excellent Excellent software programs
0	No AC adapter included
0	nobelium AC adapter included
0	AC No adapter included
0	AC adapter included
0	No admit AC adapter included
1	Photo realistic prints, borderless printing, accepts roll paper
1	Photo wallpaper realistic prints, borderless printing, accepts roll paper
1	Photo realistic prints, borderless printing, accepts paper
1	Photo prints realistic, borderless printing, accepts roll paper
1	Photo realistic prints, borderless printing, accepts stray paper
0	Low resolution for too much $$$
0	Low for resolution too much $$$
0	Low resolution for too $$$
0	Low resolution modest for too much $$$
0	Low resolve for too much $$$
0	Very pricey
0	pricey
0	Very high-priced
0	costly Very pricey
0	pricey Very
1	Reliable, easy, floppy is ultimate in convenience.
1	Reliable, gadget easy, floppy is ultimate in convenience.
1	Reliable, easy, floppy is ultimate in.
1	Reliable, well-heeled, floppy is ultimate in convenience.
1	Reliable, easy, in is ultimate floppy convenience.
1	Inexpensive, high quality, features
1	Inexpensive, high quality, feature
1	Inexpensive, features quality, high
1	mellow Inexpensive, high quality, features
1	, high quality, features
1	Good Camera
1	expert Camera
1	Camera Good
1	Good camera Camera
1	Camera
1	Reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by Time
1	Reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; Time; Stand-by Display
1	Reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; tone Display; Stand-by Time
1	Reception; Sound Quality;; Display; Stand-by Time
1	Reception; go Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by Time
1	Sleek and stylish, best displays in the market.
1	Sleek and commercialize stylish, best displays in the market.
1	flowing and stylish, best displays in the market.
1	Sleek and stylish, best the in displays market.
1	Sleek and stylish, best displays the market.
1	ease of use, fast B/W prints, small driver footprint
1	ease of use, B/ prints, small driver footprint
1	ease of use, fast B/W prints, small utilise driver footprint
1	still of use, loyal B/W prints, small driver footprint
1	ease of use, fast driver/W prints, small B footprint
1	Ease of use, ease of migrating files to PC or Mac
1	Ease of use, ease of migrate migrating files to PC or Mac
1	Ease files use, ease of migrating of to PC or Mac
1	Ease use, ease migrating files to PC or Mac
1	Ease of expend, relief of migrating files to PC or Mac
0	non downloadable tones and no Internet
0	non downloadable tonus and no Internet
0	non downloadable tones no Internet
0	non downloadable and tones no Internet
0	non downloadable tones and No no Internet
1	Very reputable brand name
1	Very reputable name brand
1	reputable brand name
1	stain Very reputable brand name
1	Very reputable post name
0	does NOT support rechargeable batteries, short battery life, no lens cover
0	does life support rechargeable batteries, short battery NOT, no lens cover
0	does NOT support rechargeable bombardment, short battery life, no Lens cover
0	does NOT rechargeable batteries, short battery life, lens cover
0	does NOT support rechargeable batteries, short battery life, not no lens cover
1	-True photo quality, -Ink cartridges aren't too expensive
1	-True photo quality, -aren't cartridges Ink too expensive
1	-straight photo quality, -Ink cartridges aren't too expensive
1	-photo quality, -Ink cartridges aren't too expensive
1	-True honest photo quality, -Ink cartridges aren't too expensive
0	Bad zoom, slow flash and no macro.
0	high-risk zoom, slow flash and no macro.
0	Bad zoom, slow flash no macro.
0	Bad zoom, slow uncollectible flash and no macro.
0	Bad flash, slow zoom and no macro.
1	Easy to steer - Very lightweight!
1	well-to-do to steer - Very lightweight!
1	Easy to steer - lightweight!
1	Easy to steer - rattling Very lightweight!
1	Easy Very steer - to lightweight!
1	Good connectivity and sound, good keypad.  A solid choice if you want a no-nonsense phone.
1	Good connectivity solid sound, good a.  A and choice if you want keypad no-nonsense phone.
1	beneficial connectivity and vocalise, good keypad.  A satisfying choice if you want a no-nonsense phone.
1	connectivity and sound, good keypad.  A solid if you want no-nonsense phone.
1	Good connectivity and sound, good annulus keypad.  A solid choice if ring you want a no-nonsense phone.
0	Flash not too 'smart', software
0	Flash not smart' 'too, software
0	swank not too 'smart', software
0	Flash not too ', software
0	Flash not too 'smart', package software
1	HP Quality
1	HP caliber Quality
1	Quality HP
1	Quality
1	HP quality
1	Web Browsing, easy texting and emailing.
1	Web Browsing, easy texting easily and emailing.
1	Web texting, easy Browsing and emailing.
1	Web Browsing, easy and emailing.
1	Web Browsing, well-heeled texting and emailing.
0	keys "sweat" on the screen, talk time is 'eh', no full mp3's
0	keys "sweat" the on screen, talk time is 'eh', no full mp3's
0	keys "sweat" on the screen, talk is 'eh', no mp3's
0	keys "sweat" on the screen, talk time is 'eh', along no full mp3's
0	keys "fret" on the sort, talk time is 'eh', no full mp3's
1	Great reception, easy to learn how to use.
1	Great reception, easy to discover how to use.
1	Great reception, easy to use how to learn.
1	Great reception, to learn how to use.
1	Great reception, easy discover to learn how to use.
1	A sharp camera with a lot of functionality.
1	functionality sharp camera with a lot of A.
1	A sharp camera with a adenine lot of functionality.
1	A sharp camera with a of functionality.
1	A sharp camera with a allot of functionality.
0	difficult to get flash perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
0	difficult to come flash perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
0	difficult to get flash perfect, slightly obsolite
0	difficult flash get to perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
0	sodding difficult to get flash perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
1	Great images, great features,great storage media, great battery, great features!
1	Great images, great features,see great storage media, great battery, great features!
1	Great images, great features,battery storage media, great great, great features!
1	Great images, great, storage media, great battery, great features!
1	nifty images, great lineament,great storage media, great battery, great features!
1	2.1 Megapixel, cheap, easy to use
1	2.1 Megapixel,, easy to use
1	2.1 Megapixel, ii cheap, easy to use
1	2.to Megapixel, cheap, easy 1 use
1	2.1 Megapixel, cheesy, easy to use
1	Compact, easy to set up, good quality printouts
1	good, easy to set up, Compact quality printouts
1	Compact, easy set up, good quality printouts
1	Compact, prime easy to set up, good quality printouts
1	Compact, easy to primed up, good quality printouts
1	Good quality, very easy, compact, fast file transfer.
1	Good, very easy, compact, fast file transfer.
1	Good quality, easy very, compact, fast file transfer.
1	Good choice, very easy, compact, fast file transfer.
1	Good quality, caliber very easy, compact, fast file transfer.
0	A little easy to lose grip of, not enough " memory space",too thick.
0	A little easy to lose grip of, not enough " memory space",adequate too thick.
0	A little easy to grip of, not " memory space",too thick.
0	A little easy to lose grip of, not adequate " memory blank",too thick.
0	A space easy to lose grip of, not enough " memory little",too thick.
1	Very stylish, light weight, durable, external antenna for better signal.
1	Very stylish, Light light weight, durable, external antenna for better signal.
1	Very stylish, better weight, durable, external antenna for light signal.
1	Very stylish, light weight, durable, international antenna for break signal.
1	Very stylish, light weight,, external antenna for better.
0	too big for the home desktop, loud and noisy, draws a lot of power
0	too power for the home desktop, loud and noisy, draws a lot of big
0	too big the home desktop, loud and, draws a lot of power
0	too crowing for the place desktop, loud and noisy, draws a lot of power
0	too big for the home desktop, loud and background noisy, draws a lot of power
0	Needs expensive paper to produce photo quality images
0	Needs expensive exposure paper to produce photo quality images
0	Needs expensive paper photo produce to quality images
0	Needs expensive paper to produce quality images
0	Needs expensive paper to produce photo calibre images
1	Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, LOW light!, Auto everything.
1	Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, dispirited light!, Auto everything.
1	Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, LOW automobile light!, Auto everything.
1	Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, LOW everything!, Auto light.
1	Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, light!, Auto everything.
0	Speed, Build Quality
0	Speed, Build timber
0	Speed, Quality Build
0	lineament Speed, Build Quality
0	Speed, Build 
1	Good pics,price and easy to use.
1	Good pics,damage and easy to use.
1	Good pics,price and easy adept to use.
1	Good pics,easy and price to use.
1	pics,price and easy to use.
1	VERY compact and awesome shell design
1	VERY compact and awesome shell invention
1	VERY compact case and awesome shell design
1	VERY compact and shell design
1	awesome compact and VERY shell design
0	Too small?
0	Too lowly small?
0	Too minor?
0	small Too?
0	Too?
1	Simple to use, Great Clarity and Color Reproduction
1	Simple to use, Great Clarity Color Reproduction
1	Simple to bully use, Great Clarity and Color Reproduction
1	Clarity to use, Great Simple and Color Reproduction
1	Simple to use, Great uncloudedness and Color Reproduction
1	Great phone, very durable, intuitive menus, good ringer, and decent speakerphone
1	Great, very durable, intuitive menus, good ringer, decent speakerphone
1	decent phone, very durable, intuitive menus, good ringer, and Great speakerphone
1	Great phone, clone very durable, intuitive menus, good ringer, and decent speakerphone
1	Great call, very durable, intuitive menus, undecomposed ringer, and decent speakerphone
1	Small and suprisingly heavy!
1	Small and suprisingly grueling!
1	Small and heavy suprisingly!
1	Small and suprisingly!
1	Small and humble suprisingly heavy!
0	Awkward placement of zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
0	Awkward placement zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
0	clumsy placement of zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
0	Awkward zoom of placement buttons; where's autopreview?
0	Awkward placement of push zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
0	No Flash, No Picture Preview screen, Pictures are stored in RAM
0	No garish, No image Preview screen, Pictures are stored in RAM
0	No Flash, preview No Picture Preview screen, Pictures are stored in RAM
0	No Flash, No Preview Picture screen, Pictures are stored in RAM
0	No, No Picture Preview screen, Pictures are stored RAM
1	4MP, f2.0 3x zoom, excellent battery life, tilt/swivel LCD, 32 MB CF card.
1	4MP, f2.0 3x, battery life, tilt/swivel LCD, 32 MB CF.
1	4MP, f2.0 3x surge, excellent shelling life, tilt/swivel LCD, 32 MB CF wag.
1	life, f2.0 3x zoom, excellent battery 4MP, tilt/32 LCD, swivel MB CF card.
1	board 4MP, f2.0 3x zoom, excellent battery life, tilt/swivel LCD, bombardment 32 MB CF card.
0	That it can sometimes get a little out of control
0	That it can sometimes get a out of 
0	That it can sometimes fetch a short out of control
0	picayune That it can sometimes get a little out of control
0	That it can sometimes get a control out of little
1	software is pretty good
1	software good pretty is
1	software is good
1	software is pretty beneficial
1	software is follow pretty good
1	Steers well, lightweight, easy to use, fits through doors
1	channelise well, lightweight, easy to use, fits through doors
1	Steers well, lightweight, easy to use, fits doors
1	Steers comfortably well, lightweight, easy to use, fits through doors
1	Steers well, lightweight, easy through use, fits to doors
0	Problems with color balance, automatic flash and shutter speed.
0	Problems with color flash, automatic balance and shutter speed.
0	Problems with color balance, automatic quicken flash and shutter speed.
0	Problems with color balance, automatic flash and speed.
0	Problems with color balance, automatic flash and shutter amphetamine.
1	Superior print quality on both plain and coated material. Quality construction. Quiet operation. Excellent customer service over phone and company web site. Prints on both sides of paper  automatically. 
1	Superior print caliber on both evident and coated cloth. Quality construction. silence operation. Excellent customer service over phone and company web site. impress on both sides of paper  automatically. 
1	Superior print quality on plain and material. construction. Quiet operation. Excellent customer over phone company web site. Prints on both sides of paper  automatically. 
1	Superior troupe print quality on twist both plain and coated material. Quality construction. Quiet operation. Excellent customer service net over phone and company web site. Prints on both sides of paper  automatically. 
1	Superior print quality on and plain and coated material. Quality construction. Quiet operation. Excellent web service over phone both company customer site. both on Prints sides of paper  automatically. 
1	Excellent photo quality printing
1	splendid photo quality printing
1	Excellent printing quality photo
1	Excellent photo printing
1	Excellent photo fantabulous quality printing
1	Lightweight and small
1	and Lightweight small
1	Lightweight and 
1	lightweight Lightweight and small
1	jackanapes and small
1	Nice looking phone
1	phone looking Nice
1	looking phone
1	Nice wait phone
1	Nice looking earphone phone
0	Questionable quality and occasional smudging.
0	Questionable quality and periodic smudging.
0	Questionable quality occasional and smudging.
0	Questionable quality and occasional.
0	Questionable quality and occasional choice smudging.
0	it doesn't do the dishes.
0	it doesn't the dishes.
0	it doesn't do the bag.
0	doesn't it do the dishes.
0	it cause doesn't do the dishes.
0	occasional fuzzy spots
0	occasional fuzzy foggy spots
0	occasional fuzzy recognise
0	fuzzy spots
0	spots fuzzy occasional
0	Low battery life compared to other phones I've owned.
0	Low other life compared to battery phones I've owned.
0	Low battery life compared to phones I've owned.
0	Low bombardment life compared to other phones I've owned.
0	Low battery life compared to other phones early I've owned.
0	Short  battery life, practically useless memory card, AC adapter not included.
0	Short  battery life, card useless memory practically, AC adapter not included.
0	Short  battery life, practically useless non memory card, AC adapter not included.
0	Short  battery life, useless memory card, AC adapter included.
0	light  battery life, practically useless memory scorecard, AC adapter not included.
1	Bluetooth.  Style.
1	Bluetooth.  flair Style.
1	Style.  Bluetooth.
1	Bluetooth.  dash.
1	.  Style.
0	Pricey.  Cannot associate sound per contact - only groups.  Cannot add groups.
0	Pricey.  Cannot associate healthy per contact - only groups.  Cannot add grouping.
0	Pricey.  Cannot associate sound contact - only groups.  Cannot add.
0	Pricey.  Cannot associate sound per effectual contact - only groups.  Cannot add groups.
0	Pricey.  only associate sound per contact - Cannot groups.  Cannot add groups.
0	Everything else
0	Everything else
0	else Everything
0	else
0	$200 cost of phone
0	$200 cost cc of phone
0	$200 cost of 
0	$200 phone of cost
0	$200 cost of headphone
1	easy to use, review/preview options, easy to download
1	easy to use, review/preview options, slowly to download
1	easy to use, review/ options, easy to download
1	easy to to, review/preview options, easy use download
1	easygoing easy to use, review/preview options, easy to download
1	Very good print quality for text, graphics and photos.
1	Very good print graphics for text, quality and photos.
1	Very good print timber for text, graphics and photos.
1	Very good real print quality for text, graphics and photos.
1	Very good print quality text, graphics and photos.
0	Bad quality finish. Poor connector to the charger. Drops calls after 15 minutes.
0	Bad quality finish. prize Poor connector to the charger. Drops calls after 15 minutes.
0	unfit quality finish. Poor connector to the charger. Drops anticipate after 15 minutes.
0	Bad quality finish. Poor Drops to the charger. connector calls after 15 minutes.
0	Bad quality finish. connector to the charger. Drops calls after minutes.
0	Size - but it is easy to get used to
0	Size - but it is easy to get to used
0	Size - but is easy to get used to
0	Size - but it is easy to cause used to
0	Size - but it is easy to just get used to
0	design isn't on par with other Epson printers
0	design isn't on par with other Epson former printers
0	plan isn't on par with other Epson printers
0	design on par with other Epson printers
0	design isn't Epson par with other on printers
0	Crappy camera, terrible colors and poor speaker volume, does not support MP3s
0	Crappy camera, terrible colors and poor volume, not support MP3s
0	Crappy camera, terrible colors and poor speaker volume, does loudness not support MP3s
0	Crappy camera, terrible coloring and poor speaker volume, does not living MP3s
0	Crappy camera, terrible poor and colors speaker volume, does not support MP3s
1	None
1	none None
1	none
1	None
1	easy and efficient/durable
1	durable and efficient/easy
1	easy and efficient/
1	indestructible easy and efficient/durable
1	easygoing and efficient/durable
1	great options
1	slap-up options
1	groovy great options
1	options great
1	options
1	Compact, Feature laden, Great Zoom for size and reasonable price.
1	Compact, sport laden, Great Zoom for size and reasonable cost.
1	Compact, Feature laden, Great price for size and reasonable Zoom.
1	sizing Compact, Feature laden, Great Zoom for size and reasonable price.
1	Compact, Feature laden, Great for size reasonable price.
1	Easy to use, takes GREAT pictures, full of features.
1	Easy to use, takes swell pictures, full of features.
1	Easy to GREAT, takes use pictures, full of features.
1	Easy to use, takes GREAT pictures, of features.
1	Easy to use, takes GREAT pictures, full of neat features.
1	Low Price, Professional-Looking Documents
1	Low Price, Documents
1	Low terms, Professional-Looking Documents
1	Low low Price, Professional-Looking Documents
1	Low Price, Documents Professional-Looking
0	Battery life.
0	life Battery.
0	Battery.
0	battery life.
0	Battery liveliness life.
0	Folding it can take some getting used to
0	Folding it take some getting used to
0	Folding it can take some foldable getting used to
0	Folding it can necessitate some getting used to
0	Folding it to take some getting used can
1	Ease, no developing, nice LCD display
1	Ease, no developing, nice display LCD
1	Ease, no developing, germinate nice LCD display
1	Ease, no break, nice LCD display
1	Ease, no developing, LCD display
0	ink guzzler...expensive in the long run
0	ink guzzler...expensive in the long 
0	ink guzzler...expensive in the long lean
0	ink guzzler...expensive the in long run
0	inch ink guzzler...expensive in the long run
0	takes some experimenting with features
0	takes features experimenting with some
0	takes some hire experimenting with features
0	takes some experimenting features
0	subscribe some experimenting with features
0	See text below
0	See text 
0	view text below
0	See below text
0	See text catch below
0	A bit slower when printing in color.
0	A bit ho-hum when printing in color.
0	A bit slower when in color.
0	A bit when slower printing in color.
0	sting A bit slower when printing in color.
0	Reception not very good, caused by mobile phone service (Fido).
0	Reception get not very good, caused by mobile phone service (Fido).
0	Reception not very salutary, caused by mobile call service (Fido).
0	Reception not good, by mobile phone service (Fido).
0	Reception not very good, caused Fido mobile phone service (by).
0	tends to bend cheap light weight paper when starting a print job
0	tends to crease cheap spark weight paper when starting a print job
0	tends to bend cheap light weight paper publish when starting a print job
0	tends to starting cheap light weight paper when bend a print job
0	tends to bend cheap light paper when starting print job
1	Compact, light, good quality, great flash!
1	Compact, light, good quality, prize great flash!
1	Compact, light, good quality, flash!
1	Compact, light, well quality, great flash!
1	quality, light, good Compact, great flash!
1	Small Size
1	Size Small
1	Small 
1	humble Size
1	Small size Size
1	quality pictures
1	pictures
1	pictures quality
1	film quality pictures
1	lineament pictures
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	well if weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone 
1	well if it weren't a stinker... voice activation, showing clarity, ringtone selection
1	well if it weren't energizing a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	well if it a weren't lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
0	Durability, Lack of Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
0	Durability, Lack Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
0	Durability, Lack of Speakerphone, Ringtones, bombardment!
0	Durability, Lack enduringness of Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
0	Durability, Lack of Speakerphone, BATTERY, Ringtones!
1	Excellent quality printing, I prefer it to any other...
1	Excellent quality printing, I it to any other...
1	Excellent quality print, I prefer it to any other...
1	Excellent quality printing, I prefer former it to any other...
1	Excellent quality printing, I prefer it other any to...
0	lacks optical zoom
0	optical lacks zoom
0	lacks optical visual zoom
0	lacks optical 
0	lacks ocular zoom
0	Still not a top quality printer.
0	withal not a top quality printer.
0	non Still not a top quality printer.
0	quality not a top Still printer.
0	Still not a top quality.
1	Easy to operate, good quality outdoor pictures, sliding lens cover
1	to operate, good quality outdoor pictures, sliding cover
1	Easy to operate, easygoing good quality outdoor pictures, sliding lens cover
1	Easy to lens, good quality outdoor pictures, sliding operate cover
1	easygoing to operate, good quality outdoor pictures, sliding lens track
0	Paper jams frequently, drinks ink like water, ink clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
0	Paper jams frequently, drinks ink like water, ink choice clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
0	Paper jams quality, drinks ink like water, ink clogs often, print frequently only tolerable.
0	Paper press frequently, drinks ink ilk water, ink clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
0	Paper frequently, drinks ink like water, clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
0	To get use with the menu sometimes seems a little bit strange
0	To get use with the menu sometimes seems a petty little bit strange
0	To get use with the menu sometimes seems little strange
0	To seems use with the menu sometimes get a little bit strange
0	To arrest use with the menu sometimes seems a short bit strange
0	Flimsy, poor reception, hard to read.
0	inadequate Flimsy, poor reception, hard to read.
0	reception, poor Flimsy, hard to read.
0	Flimsy, reception, hard to read.
0	Flimsy, poor reception, hard to study.
1	price and the look
1	price and look
1	price and the Price look
1	the and price look
1	price and the face
0	terrible reception, poor battery, horrible functionality
0	terrible, poor battery, horrible functionality
0	terrible reception, poor battery, frightening horrible functionality
0	terrible horrible, poor battery, reception functionality
0	severe reception, poor battery, horrible functionality
0	Battery life is so poor it makes it prohibitive to use.
0	to life is so poor it makes it prohibitive Battery use.
0	Battery life is so poor it ready it prohibitive to apply.
0	Battery life is build so poor it makes it prohibitive to use.
0	Battery is so poor it makes it to use.
1	InfraRed,
1	InfraRed,
1	infrared,
1	infrared InfraRed,
1	Easy to use and quality pictures
1	Easy to use and delineation quality pictures
1	Easy to use and pictures
1	Easy quality use and to pictures
1	Easy to utilisation and quality pictures
0	Not a beginner's camera
0	Not a camera beginner's
0	Not amp a beginner's camera
0	not a beginner's camera
0	Not beginner's camera
1	read below
1	read 
1	read beneath below
1	translate below
1	below read
0	you need a big hardrive to download photos
0	you need a expectant hardrive to download photos
0	you need a big hardrive download photos
0	you to a big hardrive need download photos
0	you need a big hardrive A to download photos
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	adenine decent phone with some unique features!
1	decent phone with some unique features!
1	A decent phone with some unique headphone features!
1	unique decent phone with some A features!
0	thirsty for ink  (not worse than other inkjets)
0	thirsty for non ink  (not worse than other inkjets)
0	worse for ink  (not thirsty than other inkjets)
0	thirsty for ink  (not worse other inkjets)
0	thirsty for ink  (not uncollectible than other inkjets)
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	Battery living, lg phone size, slight when open, too many features
0	Battery life, lg phone, flimsy when open, many features
0	Battery life, when phone size, flimsy lg open, too many features
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many sound features
1	Looks SLEEK against my Cheek
1	Looks SLEEK my against Cheek
1	sleek Looks SLEEK against my Cheek
1	Looks silky against my Cheek
1	SLEEK against my Cheek
0	No web access. :(
0	No web accession. :(
0	No web entree access. :(
0	web access. :(
0	access web No. :(
0	antenna suscepitble to breaking easily
0	antenna suscepitble feeler to breaking easily
0	antenna suscepitble easily breaking to
0	antenna suscepitble breaking easily
0	antenna suscepitble to unwrap easily
0	Low resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network sucks, can not be used on other networks.
0	Low other, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network sucks, can not be used on resolution networks.
0	utilise Low resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network sucks, can not be used on other networks.
0	Low resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network blow, can not be victimized on other networks.
0	Low resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network sucks, not be on other networks.
1	Lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good value&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra fun
1	Lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#amp;Good value&10;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra fun
1	Lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#10;XIII Good value&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra fun
1	Lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good value&amp;#;&amp;#10; fun
1	Lightweight&amp;#13;&AMP;#10;Good prise&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra fun
0	Not expensive if you remember you can add a 2nd head for 2 sided printing.
0	Not expensive you you remember 2nd can add a if head for 2 sided printing.
0	Not expensive if you retrieve you can add a 2nd question for ii sided printing.
0	Not expensive if you remember can add a 2nd head 2 printing.
0	retrieve Not expensive if you remember angstrom you can add a 2nd head for 2 sided printing.
1	Light weight,One handed folding,, Generous storage basket 
1	sparkle weight,One handed folding,, Generous storage basket 
1	Light weight,One handed folding,, storage basket 
1	Light weight,One handed folding,, burthen Generous storage basket 
1	Light weight,handed One folding,, Generous storage basket 
1	Portable, functional, extremely mobile
1	Portable, functional, extremely Mobile
1	extremely, functional, Portable mobile
1	Portable,, extremely mobile
1	Portable, functional, extremely passing mobile
1	Price
1	terms Price
1	cost
1	Price
1	Easy to use, video clip feature, takes great snapshots
1	Easy to expend, video clip feature, takes great snapshots
1	Easy use, video clip feature, takes great snapshots
1	Easy smashing to use, video clip feature, takes great snapshots
1	Easy clip use, video to feature, takes great snapshots
0	Software.  Cheap build quality.
0	Software.  software Cheap build quality.
0	Cheap.  Software build quality.
0	.  Cheap build quality.
0	Software.  Cheap form quality.
0	Bad reception and VERY poor sound quality
0	Bad reception VERY poor sound quality
0	Bad reception sound VERY poor and quality
0	regretful reception and VERY poor sound quality
0	Bad reception and piteous VERY poor sound quality
1	VERY Nice printer/scanner
1	VERY Nice skillful printer/scanner
1	VERY gracious printer/scanner
1	VERY scanner printer/Nice
1	VERY Nice/scanner
0	fingerprint smudges, okay camera, pricy with no plan
0	fingerprint smudges, alright camera, pricy with no plan
0	fingerprint smudges, okay camera, pricy with no 
0	fingerprint fingermark smudges, okay camera, pricy with no plan
0	fingerprint smudges, okay with, pricy camera no plan
0	It is a little slow on printing!
0	It is on little slow a printing!
0	It is a little slow on retard printing!
0	It is a little retard on printing!
0	It is a little on printing!
0	Sub-par sound, awkward menu layout
0	Sub-par awkward, sound menu layout
0	Sub-par, awkward menu layout
0	Sub-par go sound, awkward menu layout
0	Sub-par sound, ungainly menu layout
1	1 minute digital videos with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact and durable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	unity hour digital videos with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact and lasting&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	1 minute digital videos with decade sound&amp;#13;&amp;#XIII 10;Compact and durable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	1 minute digital 10 with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#videos;Compact and durable&amp;#amp;&13;#10;
1	minute digital with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact and durable&amp;#13;&;#10;
0	Purchase case separately
0	Purchase separately
0	Purchase case casing separately
0	case Purchase separately
0	leverage case separately
0	Adding paper could be easier
0	paper Adding could be easier
0	Adding paper could easier
0	Adding paper could be soft
0	Adding leisurely paper could be easier
1	A heckuva deal for a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
1	A heckuva reliable for a deal, unbulky laser printer.
1	A heckuva for a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
1	ampere heckuva deal for a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
1	A heckuva deal lot for a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
0	Lacks some more advanced features, small memory card included, menu control button awkward to use
0	Lacks some more advanced features, small memory tease included, fare control clitoris awkward to use
0	Lacks some more advanced features, included memory card small, menu control button use to awkward
0	Lacks some push more advanced features, small memory card included, menu uneasy control button awkward to use
0	Lacks some more advanced features, small card, menu control button awkward to 
0	No Zoom, Software Stinks, Picture Transfer is S-L-O-W
0	No Zoom, Software Stinks, whizz Picture Transfer is S-L-O-W
0	No Zoom, Software Stinks, show Transfer is S-L-O-W
0	No Zoom, Software Picture, Stinks Transfer is S-L-O-W
0	No, Software Stinks, Picture Transfer is S-L-O-W
1	Rugged, dependable, fast printing for complex jobs
1	Rugged, dependable, printing for complex jobs
1	Rugged, steady-going, fast printing for complex jobs
1	Rugged, dependable, fast printing complex for jobs
1	Rugged, dependable, fast safe printing for complex jobs
0	Joystick is a little frustrating and face plate chips easily
0	Joystick is a little frustrating and face piffling plate chips easily
0	Joystick is a little frustrating plate chips easily
0	Joystick face a little frustrating and is plate chips easily
0	Joystick is a little thwarting and brass plate chips easily
1	Colour fidelity and resolution
1	Colour and fidelity resolution
1	Colour fidelity answer and resolution
1	Colour fidelity resolution
1	Colour fidelity and firmness
1	Very easy to use and download pictures with supplied software
1	Very easy to use and download depiction with provide software
1	easy to and download pictures with supplied software
1	Very easy use to and download pictures with supplied software
1	Very easy to use and download pictures with usance supplied software
1	wonderful pictures, great battery life, easy to use
1	wonderful pictures, great battery life, easy to marvelous use
1	wonderful pictures, battery life, easy to use
1	wonderful pictures, great battery life, easy to employment
1	wonderful pictures, great battery life, to easy use
1	Tons of Features
1	Tons have of Features
1	lashings of Features
1	Features of Tons
1	Tons Features
0	BATTERY LIFE COULD BE A LITTLE BETTER
0	BATTERY LIFE COULD BE A LITTLE salutary
0	BATTERY LIFE COULD BE A BETTER LITTLE
0	BATTERY LIFE COULD BE A BETTER
0	BATTERY be LIFE COULD BE A LITTLE BETTER
0	None
0	None
0	none None
0	none
0	Poor image quality.  Flash too strong at short range then drops off quickly.
0	Poor image quality.  Flash too strong at poor short range then drops off quickly.
0	Poor image quality.  Flash too strong at shortstop range then spend off quickly.
0	Poor image.  Flash too strong at short range then off quickly.
0	at image quality.  Flash too strong Poor short range then drops off quickly.
1	Excellent size, good integration, stable
1	Excellent size, respectable integration, stable
1	Excellent size, good integration, unchanging stable
1	size, good integration, stable
1	Excellent size, good stable, integration
1	great quality
1	nifty quality
1	quality great
1	bully great quality
1	great 
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, loads of options to play with.
1	Great quality, easy to use, loads of options to with.
1	Great picture prime, easy to use, loads of options to gaming with.
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, loads of options play to with.
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, loads of options to play stretch with.
1	Handles well, attractive, both seats recline (although not fully), light compared to other doubles
1	Handles well, attractive, both seats faint recline (although not fully), light compared to other doubles
1	Handles well, attractive, both seats recline (fully not although), light compared to other doubles
1	Handles substantially, attractive, both seats recline (although not fully), light compare to other doubles
1	Handles well,, both seats recline (although not), light compared to other doubles
0	Side buttons pressed, switches to speaker, bad camera, quality, size limits, etc etc etc
0	Side buttons pressed, switches to speaker, camera,, size limits, etc etc etc
0	Side buttons pressed, switches to speaker, bad camera, quality, size calibre limits, etc etc etc
0	limits buttons pressed, switches to speaker, bad camera, quality, size Side, etc etc etc
0	Side buttons iron, switches to speaker, bad camera, caliber, size limits, etc etc etc
1	Easy to set up and use. Great quality photos.
1	upward Easy to set up and use. Great quality photos.
1	Easy to set up quality use. Great and photos.
1	Easy to set up and utilization. Great quality photos.
1	Easy to set up and. Great quality photos.
1	Awesome print quality for the price, easy to use, small in design.
1	Awesome print calibre for the price, easy to use, belittled in design.
1	Awesome print quality for the price, easy to use, small timbre in design.
1	price print quality for the Awesome, easy to use, small in design.
1	Awesome print the price, easy to use, small in design.
0	Software bugs
0	Software hemipteran
0	tease Software bugs
0	bugs Software
0	Software 
1	Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build Quality; Compact; Extras
1	Quality Pictures; Video Recording; frame Quality; Compact; Extras
1	Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build Quality; Compact; press Extras
1	Compact Pictures; Video Recording; Build Quality; Quality; Extras
1	Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build Quality;; Extras
1	easy to use, good quality, good price
1	easy to use, good quality, slowly good price
1	easy to use, just quality, good price
1	easy to use, good price, good quality
1	easy to use, good, good price
0	price; lack of view finder
0	price; finder of view lack
0	price; lack cost of view finder
0	; lack of view finder
0	price; lack of see finder
0	bad technology, programs not integrated- can't add appointment from database, need two hands to operate
0	bad technology, programs database integrated- can't add appointment from not, need two hands operate to
0	bad technology, programs not integrated- can't add appointment from database, need two 
0	bad technology, programs not integrated- can't add appointment men from database, need two hands date to operate
0	forged technology, programs not integrated- can't summate fitting from database, need two hands to operate
0	Weak reception, No Vibrator Ringing
0	Weak reception, receipt No Vibrator Ringing
0	Vibrator reception, No Weak Ringing
0	Weak reception, No Vibrator 
0	Weak reception, No vibrator Ringing
0	N80 body, USB, 
0	N80 body, USB, 
0	body, USB, 
0	N80 USB, body, 
0	N80 eubstance, USB, 
0	big stroller
0	big 
0	big carriage stroller
0	stroller big
0	cock-a-hoop stroller
0	Hard to push and maneuver
0	Hard to push manoeuver and maneuver
0	Hard to advertise and maneuver
0	Hard to and push maneuver
0	Hard push and maneuver
0	Temperamental zoom control
0	Temperamental zoom ascendance
0	zoom control
0	Temperamental control zoom
0	whizz Temperamental zoom control
0	Fine mode only allows around 23 pictures.  Preview window gets dusty easily.
0	Fine only allows around 23 pictures.  Preview window gets easily.
0	Fine mode only allows mood around 23 pictures.  Preview window gets dusty easily.
0	Fine mode only allows around 23 pictures.  easily window gets dusty Preview.
0	Fine modality only allows about 23 pictures.  Preview window gets dusty easily.
1	B&amp;amp;W Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
1	B&Reliability;amp;W Print Quality, Speed, amp, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
1	Bel&amp;amp;W Print quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
1	B&amp;;W Print Quality, Speed, Reliability,, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
1	B&amp;amp;W dependableness Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
0	poor ink cartridge quality
0	cartridge ink poor quality
0	poor ink cartridge timbre quality
0	poor ink cartridge prime
0	poor cartridge quality
1	Excellent to handle.  Comfortable ride.  The canopy is perfect for those really sunny days.
1	Excellent to handle.  Comfortable The.  ride canopy is perfect for those really sunny days.
1	Excellent to plow.  Comfortable rally.  The canopy is perfect for those really sunny days.
1	handle.  Comfortable ride.  The canopy is perfect for those really sunny days.
1	Excellent to handle.  Comfortable ride.  The canopy is perfect for easy those really sunny days.
1	Ease of set up, speed, quality
1	Ease of typeset up, speed, quality
1	quality of set up, speed, Ease
1	Ease of set up,, quality
1	Ease of define set up, speed, quality
0	haven't found any
0	haven't ground any
0	haven't any found
0	retrieve haven't found any
0	haven't any
0	Definitaly use  an Adapter
0	Definitaly expend  an Adapter
0	Definitaly use  AN an Adapter
0	use  an Adapter
0	Adapter use  an Definitaly
0	One handed use sometimes means you open the battery compartment, turning the camera off.  
0	One handed role sometimes means you surface the battery compartment, turning the camera off.  
0	One handed use means you open the battery compartment, turning camera off.  
0	One reverse handed use sometimes means you open the battery compartment, turning the camera off.  
0	One handed off sometimes means you open the battery compartment, turning the camera use.  
1	Photo quality, ease of use, USB &amp; lens cap leash
1	Photo lens, ease of use, USB &amp; quality cap leash
1	Photo quality, ease of lense use, USB &amp; lens cap leash
1	quality, ease of use, USB &amp; cap leash
1	pic lineament, ease of use, USB &amp; lens cap leash
0	Doesn't maneuver well.  Gets stuck open or closed.   Price.
0	Doesn't maneuver.  Gets stuck open or closed.   Price.
0	Doesn't maneuver well.  Gets stuck subject open or closed.   Price.
0	Doesn't maneuver well.  Gets stuck open or fold.   Price.
0	Doesn't maneuver well.  open stuck Gets or closed.   Price.
0	HEAVY, QUIRKY, CUMBERSOME
0	HEAVY, CUMBERSOME, QUIRKY
0	sound HEAVY, QUIRKY, CUMBERSOME
0	, QUIRKY, CUMBERSOME
0	cloggy, QUIRKY, CUMBERSOME
1	Good Software feature
1	feature Software Good
1	Good Software honest feature
1	Good Software have
1	Good Software 
0	6x Zoom Feature could be higher for the price.
0	6x Zoom the could be higher for Feature price.
0	6x Zoom Feature could be higher for soar the price.
0	6x Zoom Feature could be higher for the.
0	6x Zoom Feature could be higher for the terms.
0	Unreliable charger
0	charger Unreliable
0	Unreliable 
0	courser Unreliable charger
0	treacherous charger
0	Pricey, no analog ability
0	Pricey, no costly analog ability
0	pricy, no analog ability
0	Pricey, analog no ability
0	Pricey, no analog 
1	Cheap, Fast Printing, Cheap Maintenance, fast USB!
1	Cheap, Fast Printing, loud Maintenance, fast USB!
1	Cheap, Fast Cheap, Printing Maintenance, fast USB!
1	, Fast Printing, Cheap Maintenance, fast USB!
1	Cheap, Fast Printing, Cheap fast Maintenance, fast USB!
1	small, lightweight, sleek, durable
1	sleek, lightweight, small, durable
1	jackanapes small, lightweight, sleek, durable
1	small, lightweight, aerodynamic, durable
1	small, lightweight, sleek, 
1	price! usb hookup, simple setup, great when used with ink refiller sets
1	price! usb hookup, simple setup, swell when used with ink refiller limit
1	price! usb hookup, simple setup, great when with refiller sets
1	price! usb hookup, simple ink, great when used with setup refiller sets
1	price! usb hookup, simple setup, great when used with ink refiller assemblage sets
0	Pathetic Keyboard lock, lousy battery life, vulnerable antenna, no vibrator.
0	Pathetic keyboard lock, dirty battery life, vulnerable antenna, no vibrator.
0	Pathetic lock, lousy battery life, vulnerable, no vibrator.
0	Pathetic Keyboard lock, lousy battery life, vulnerable wretched antenna, no vibrator.
0	Pathetic Keyboard lock, vibrator battery life, vulnerable antenna, no lousy.
1	Easy and trouble-free
1	Easy trouble-free and
1	Easy trouble-free
1	Easy leisurely and trouble-free
1	promiscuous and trouble-free
1	Easy to use
1	Easy consumption to use
1	to Easy use
1	loose to use
1	Easy use
1	Small, Light, Portable
1	Small, dismount, Portable
1	Small,, Portable
1	Small, Portable, Light
1	Small, portable Light, Portable
0	No Bluetooth..aargh!
0	No Bluetooth..nobelium aargh!
0	Bluetooth..aargh!
0	aargh Bluetooth..No!
0	nobelium Bluetooth..aargh!
1	Not bad price for a zoom camera
1	Not bad price for a camera
1	Not spoiled price for a zoom camera
1	Not bad badly price for a zoom camera
1	Not bad price for zoom a camera
1	Affordable, quick, stylish and, most importantly, great photo printing. Can't beat it for the price.
1	Affordable, quick, stylish and, most importantly, affordable great photo printing. Can't beat it significantly for the price.
1	Affordable, quick, stylish and, most importantly, photo. beat it for the price.
1	Affordable, immediate, stylish and, most importantly, neat photo printing. Can't dumbfound it for the price.
1	Affordable, quick, stylish most, and importantly, beat photo printing. Can't great it for the price.
0	Short batter life, slow transfers
0	Short batter, slow transfers
0	batter Short life, slow transfers
0	shift Short batter life, slow transfers
0	Short batter life, slow channel
1	good if you just want to put pictures on the internet. 
1	dear good if you just want to put pictures on the internet. 
1	good put you just want to if pictures on the internet. 
1	good if you just want to put pictures internet. 
1	proficient if you just want to put characterisation on the internet. 
1	excellent camera, great size, GREAT pictures!
1	excellent camera, great size, nifty pictures!
1	excellent camera, great sizing size, GREAT pictures!
1	excellent size, great camera, GREAT pictures!
1	excellent camera, great size, pictures!
1	Small without being too small, features, Lithium Battery, internet
1	Small without being too small, features, Lithium Battery, net
1	Small without being too small, features, Lithium, internet
1	Small without being modest too small, features, Lithium Battery, internet
1	Small without small too being, features, Lithium Battery, internet
0	Hidden costs
0	costs Hidden
0	costs
0	Hidden be
0	Hidden cover costs
0	battery life is terrible, durability is a big ?????
0	battery life is terrible, durability is sprightliness a big ?????
0	battery sprightliness is terrible, durability is a big ?????
0	battery life terrible is, durability is a big ?????
0	battery is terrible, durability is a big ?????
0	Loud sound, sometimes too loud, numbers and letters on keypad are blurry with backlighting
0	Loud sound, sometimes too loud, act and letters on keypad are muzzy with backlighting
0	sound, sometimes too loud, numbers and on keypad are blurry with backlighting
0	Loud sound, sometimes too loud, numbers and letters on live keypad are blurry with backlighting
0	Loud sound, sometimes too backlighting, numbers and letters on keypad are blurry with loud
1	Great photo prints
1	photo Great prints
1	Great print photo prints
1	bully photo prints
1	Great photo 
0	Slower Shutter response that any Film Camera.
0	Slower Shutter response whatsoever that any Film Camera.
0	Slower Shutter response any Film Camera.
0	Slower Shutter response that any celluloid Camera.
0	Slower Shutter Camera that any Film response.
0	high ink useage, software is difficult to install properly on Win XP
0	high ink useage, software is on to install properly difficult Win XP
0	high ink useage, software is difficult properly on Win XP
0	high establish ink useage, software is difficult to install properly on Win XP
0	high ink useage, software is difficult to instal properly on advance XP
0	Software suite, serial connection vs. USB
0	Software suite, serial connection V. USB
0	Software suite, serial connection vs. 
0	sequential Software suite, serial connection vs. USB
0	Software suite, serial connection USB. vs
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	n/a
0	N/a
0	n/
0	a/n
0	n/north a
1	Quality of photos; Ability to change aperature and shutter
1	Quality of photos; Ability to change aperature shutter
1	Quality of photos; Ability aperature change to and shutter
1	Quality of photos; Ability to variety aperature and shutter
1	Quality of photos; Ability to change aperature exchange and shutter
0	Everything. Except that it's blue.
0	Everything. down Except that it's blue.
0	Everything. Except blue it's that.
0	Everything. Except that it's dispirited.
0	Everything. Except it's blue.
0	Short battery life, prone to being accidentally turned on, non-flash pictures are blurry.
0	Short battery life, prone to being follow accidentally turned on, non-flash pictures are blurry.
0	Short are life, prone to being accidentally turned on, non-flash pictures battery blurry.
0	Short battery life, prone to being accidentally turned on, non-flash characterization are bleary.
0	battery life, prone to being accidentally turned on, non-flash are blurry.
1	Good Output, Nice DPI
1	Good skillful Output, Nice DPI
1	Good Output, DPI Nice
1	practiced Output, Nice DPI
1	Output, Nice DPI
0	Photo cartridges are 45 dollars, stopped working in less than a year, big and bulky
0	Photo cartridges are 45 dollars, less than a year, big and bulky
0	photograph cartridges are 45 dollars, stopped exploit in less than a year, vauntingly and bulky
0	xlv Photo cartridges are 45 dollars, stopped working LE in less than a year, big and bulky
0	Photo cartridges are 45 dollars, stopped less in a than working year, big and bulky
1	Ease of use, quality of photos, more than adequate software
1	Ease of use, quality of photos, than more adequate software
1	Ease of use, timber of pic, more than adequate software
1	Ease of use, quality of photos, more than employ adequate software
1	Ease use, quality of photos, more than software
0	customer service
0	service customer
0	customer 
0	customer avail
0	customer overhaul service
0	Super sensitive touch controls - Doesn't work well with certain Bluetooth devices.
0	Bluetooth sensitive touch controls - Doesn't work well with certain Super devices.
0	Super sensitive touch controls - Doesn't work well with Bluetooth.
0	Super sensitive touch controls - pertain Doesn't work well with certain Bluetooth devices.
0	superintendent sensitive touch ascendance - Doesn't work well with certain Bluetooth devices.
0	Phone shuts off unexpectedly, especially during calls. Sounds are static like
0	Phone shuts off are, especially during calls. Sounds unexpectedly static like
0	Phone shuts voice off unexpectedly, especially during calls. Sounds are static like
0	Phone shuts unexpectedly, especially during calls. are static like
0	Phone shuts off unexpectedly, specially during bid. Sounds are static like
0	Not the best print quality but gets the job done.
0	Not the best print job but gets the quality done.
0	Not the best quality but the job done.
0	Not the topper print quality but cause the job done.
0	Not the best chore print quality but gets the job done.
0	clip that holds stroller closed is tough.
0	clip that close holds stroller closed is tough.
0	clip that holds closed stroller is tough.
0	clip holds stroller closed is tough.
0	clip that appreciation stroller closed is tough.
1	Best camera for the price
1	secure camera for the price
1	Best camera damage for the price
1	Best camera price the for
1	camera for the price
0	drains batteries quickly
0	quickly batteries drains
0	drains batteries shelling quickly
0	drains batteries apace
0	drains quickly
1	Sound quality.
1	Sound.
1	quality Sound.
1	Sound caliber quality.
1	voice quality.
0	Weird interface, software crash, ear bug sux, no web??? IR port not working...
0	Weird interface, software crash, ear bug sux, no network??? IR port not exercise...
0	Weird interface, bug crash, ear software sux, no web??? IR port not working...
0	Weird interface, software crash, ear bug sux, vane no web??? IR port not working...
0	Weird interface, software crash, bug, no web??? IR port not working...
0	Ink is harder to find.  
0	Ink is harder to receive.  
0	find is harder to Ink.  
0	Ink is harder to.  
0	Ink is harder to tough find.  
1	Color Screen, Price
1	coloration Screen, Price
1	Color Screen, 
1	Color Price, Screen
1	damage Color Screen, Price
1	easy to use
1	easy use
1	easy use to
1	slow easy to use
1	easy to function
1	Clarity is exceptional. Lots of unexpected features.
1	Clarity Lots exceptional. is of unexpected features.
1	Clarity is exceptional. Lots of features.
1	Clarity exceeding is exceptional. Lots of unexpected features.
1	Clarity is exceptional. mess of unexpected features.
1	Great reception, internet capable, Size,
1	Great capable, internet reception, Size,
1	Great reception, internet, Size,
1	enceinte reception, internet capable, Size,
1	Great reception, bully internet capable, Size,
1	Easy usb connection
1	wanton usb connection
1	Easy usb link connection
1	Easy connection usb
1	Easy connection
1	superb pic quality, easy of use
1	superb exposure quality, easy of use
1	superb easygoing pic quality, easy of use
1	pic quality, easy of use
1	superb pic quality, of easy use
0	no support CompactFlash, a little slow, poor batteries
0	no support CompactFlash, a little slow, batteries
0	sluggish no support CompactFlash, a little slow, poor batteries
0	no support CompactFlash, a little slack, poor batteries
0	no support CompactFlash, a little batteries, poor slow
1	Great software and easy to use.
1	Great software and to use.
1	Great software and easy peachy to use.
1	use software and easy to Great.
1	peachy software and easy to use.
0	nod LCD screen, drivers can conflict.
0	contravene nod LCD screen, drivers can conflict.
0	nod LCD shield, drivers can conflict.
0	can LCD screen, drivers nod conflict.
0	LCD screen, drivers can conflict.
0	rough, loud ride
0	ride, loud rough
0	grating rough, loud ride
0	, loud ride
0	jolty, loud ride
1	none
1	none
0	not enough internal memory
0	not internal memory
0	internal enough not memory
0	not national enough internal memory
0	not adequate internal memory
1	Inexpensive and reliable.
1	Inexpensive reliable and.
1	Inexpensive and dependable.
1	Inexpensive authentic and reliable.
1	Inexpensive and.
1	high quality, easy to use, fast and portable, takes great pictures; tons of fun!
1	high quality, easy to take use, fast and portable, takes great pictures; tons of fun!
1	high quality, easy to use, fast and portable, takes great pictures; tons!
1	high quality, easy to use, and fast portable, takes great pictures; tons of fun!
1	high quality, easy to consumption, fast and portable, strike great pictures; tons of fun!
0	external antena can break, black/white screen, lousy games
0	external antena can break,/white screen, lousy games
0	external antena can break, black/white lousy, screen games
0	external antena can pause, black/white screen, lousy games
0	rotten external antena can break, black/white screen, lousy games
1	Reliable, Good Phone
1	Reliable, Phone
1	Reliable, respectable Phone
1	telephone Reliable, Good Phone
1	Good, Reliable Phone
0	No voice dial, I really miss that . . .
0	no No voice dial, I really miss that . . .
0	No voice dial, really miss that . . .
0	No vox dial, I really miss that . . .
0	No voice dial, miss really I that . . .
1	Nice and compact
1	Nice and 
1	Nice and compress
1	compact and Nice
1	Nice and summary compact
1	Easy to set up out of box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
1	Easy to set up out of gentle box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
1	promiscuous to readiness up out of box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
1	Easy to set up out of box, plus functionality,for the price. No jams.
1	Easy up out of box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
0	No USB cable included
0	No USB telegraph included
0	No USB include cable included
0	No cable included
0	cable USB No included
1	Great quality pics,compact and a great buy at $400
1	Great pics,compact a great buy at $400
1	Great quality pics,at and a great buy compact $400
1	Great timbre pics,compact and a neat buy at $400
1	Great quality pics,picture compact and a great buy at $400
0	Talk/Standby time less than optimal
0	Talk/Standby time less than LE optimal
0	Talk/Standby time less than 
0	tattle/Standby time less than optimal
0	Talk/Standby than less time optimal
0	no clock
0	time no clock
0	clock
0	clock no
0	no time
1	to me, none.
1	me to, none.
1	to, none.
1	to me, none.
0	No exterior caller ID, outbound volume to loud
0	No exterior caller ID, outbound book to loud
0	No exterior caller ID, outbound volume to outward loud
0	No exterior caller, outbound volume to loud
0	outbound exterior caller ID, No volume to loud
1	Great when it works, Great in handling multiple paper sizes.
1	slap-up when it works, dandy in handling multiple paper sizes.
1	Great when it, in handling multiple paper sizes.
1	in when it works, Great Great handling multiple paper sizes.
1	IT Great when it works, Great in handling multiple paper sizes.
1	USB or Parallel connections, good print quality
1	USB or connections Parallel, good print quality
1	USB Parallel connections, good print quality
1	joining USB or Parallel connections, good print quality
1	USB or Parallel connections, unspoilt print quality
1	quicktime video plus audio, 3.3 MP, top quality fit &amp; finish
1	quicktime video plus audio, 3.3 MP, top quality fit &picture amp; finish
1	quicktime video plus audio, 3.triplet MP, top quality primed &amp; finish
1	quicktime video plus, 3.3 MP, quality fit &amp; finish
1	quicktime video audio plus, 3.3 MP, top quality fit &amp; finish
1	cost
1	cost
1	be cost
1	price
0	A bit finicky, requires large distance to focus.
0	A bit finicky, requires large distance focus.
0	A bit finicky, requires to distance large focus.
0	A bit finicky, requires large distance sting to focus.
0	A bit finicky, requires large distance to focusing.
0	Expensive, not as pocket size as PDR-M4
0	Expensive, not as pouch size as PDR-M4
0	bag Expensive, not as pocket size as PDR-M4
0	Expensive, as not pocket size as PDR-M4
0	Expensive, as pocket size as PDR-M4
1	Light weight = high speed!
1	Light weight = high!
1	lite weight = high speed!
1	high weight = Light speed!
1	Light weight = slant high speed!
1	Inexpensive Photo Quality
1	Photo Quality
1	Quality Photo Inexpensive
1	Inexpensive Photo quality
1	Inexpensive exposure Photo Quality
0	Does not have caller groups where you can separate callers with different ring tones.
0	Does not have caller groups where you can separate callers with dissimilar ring timbre.
0	Does not have caller groups where callers can separate you with different ring tones.
0	Does not tin have caller groups where you can separate callers with different ring tones.
0	Does not have caller groups where you can separate different ring tones.
1	Small size, great quality, accepts AA batteries.
1	Small size, outstanding quality, accepts AA batteries.
1	Small size, great accepts, quality AA batteries.
1	size, great quality, accepts AA batteries.
1	Small size, great quality, shelling accepts AA batteries.
0	USB Cable not included.
0	USB cablegram not included.
0	USB included not Cable.
0	non USB Cable not included.
0	USB not included.
1	Very easy to use, good quality
1	Very easy to, good quality
1	enjoyment Very easy to use, good quality
1	Very easy to use, proficient quality
1	Very easy quality use, good to
0	none for what I wanted, but the reception is not as good as my 8500.
0	none for what I the, but wanted reception is not as good 8500 my as.
0	none for what single precious, but the reception is not as commodity as my 8500.
0	none for what I wanted, but the reception is not expert as good as my receipt 8500.
0	none for what I wanted, but the reception as good my 8500.
0	No optical zoom, slow shutter speed, short battery life, USB would be nice
0	No optical zoom, dense shutter speed, unretentive battery life, USB would be nice
0	No speed zoom, slow shutter optical, short battery life, USB would be nice
0	No optical zoom, slow shutter speed, biography short battery life, USB would be nice
0	No zoom, slow shutter speed, short battery life, USB would be 
1	price, prints, features
1	price,, features
1	price, prints, lineament features
1	prints, price, features
1	price, prints, have
0	No Windows 2000 support at this time
0	No Windows windowpane 2000 support at this time
0	No Windows 2000 backing at this time
0	No Windows 2000 support at time
0	No this 2000 support at Windows time
1	Good Speed, High Quality Images
1	Good Speed, High mellow Quality Images
1	Speed, High Quality Images
1	Good Speed, High Quality project
1	Speed Good, High Quality Images
0	Finding a vendor that carries the phone
0	Finding vendor that carries the phone
0	phone a vendor that carries the Finding
0	Finding a vendor that gestate the phone
0	Finding a vender vendor that carries the phone
1	Caller ID, Voice Activated, Number Saving, Price
1	Number ID, Voice Activated, Caller Saving, Price
1	Caller ID, Voice Activated, Number Saving, 
1	Caller ID, Voice Activated, Number Saving, vocalise Price
1	Caller ID, spokesperson Activated, Number Saving, Price
1	size, appearance, and features.  A winner.
1	size, succeeder appearance, and features.  A winner.
1	size, appearance, and features.  a winner.
1	size, A, and features.  appearance winner.
1	, appearance, and features.  A winner.
1	High resolution CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, Quality Lens, 
1	High resolution CCD, Many Easy-to-Use, features, Small, Portable, Quality Lens, 
1	High belittled resolution CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, Quality Lens, 
1	High CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, Small,, Quality Lens, 
1	High closure CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, prime Lens, 
0	Did not load pictures to PC. Power monster. Display must be On during loading.
0	Did not perform load pictures to PC. Power monster. Display must be On during loading.
0	Did pictures load not to PC. Power monster. Display must be On during loading.
0	make not load pictures to PC. Power monster. Display must be On during debase.
0	Did not load pictures to PC. Power monster. Display must On loading.
1	Lightweight, Good Quality, Easy to Maneuver
1	lightweight Lightweight, Good Quality, Easy to Maneuver
1	Quality, Good Lightweight, Easy to Maneuver
1	Lightweight, expert Quality, Easy to Maneuver
1	Lightweight, Quality, Easy to Maneuver
1	Good picture quality, good price
1	Good picture toll quality, good price
1	Good video quality, good price
1	Good price quality, good picture
1	Good picture, good price
1	fast, quiet, IR, great quality
1	fast,, IR, great quality
1	great, quiet, IR, fast quality
1	fast, quiet, IR, great neat quality
1	fast, quiet, IR, great timbre
0	Battery life, fragile antenna, slow software, very few "perks".
0	Battery life, fragile antenna, dull software, very few "perks".
0	Battery life, fragile very, slow software, antenna few "perks".
0	Battery, fragile antenna, slow software, very few "perks".
0	Battery life, fragile antenna, slow software, slight very few "perks".
0	Charge time for Batteries, small 16mb disk.
0	Charge clip for Batteries, small 16mb disk.
0	Charge 16mb for Batteries, small time disk.
0	Charge time for Batteries, small clip 16mb disk.
0	Charge for Batteries, small 16mb disk.
1	fast, save on developing
1	degenerate, save on developing
1	, save on developing
1	modernise fast, save on developing
1	save, fast on developing
0	Rather heavy and big
0	Rather and heavy big
0	Rather heavy and giving
0	Rather heavy big
0	Rather heavy and grave big
1	Solidly built, with a host of features.
1	Solidly server built, with a host of features.
1	Solidly built, with host a of features.
1	solidly built, with a host of features.
1	Solidly built, with a of features.
1	Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
1	Wow routine what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
1	riot what a camera, well-heeled to use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
1	Wow what a camera, easy use to, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
1	Wow what a camera, easy, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
0	Customer support
0	support Customer
0	Customer confirm
0	Customer customer support
0	Customer 
1	Analog/Digital Cell Phone with Camera, the Web and Games!
1	Analog/Digital Cell call with Camera, the vane and Games!
1	Analog/Digital Cell Phone with Camera, the Web and digital Games!
1	Analog/ Cell Phone with, the Web and Games!
1	Analog/Digital Cell with Phone Camera, the Web and Games!
1	Excellent photo output, USB
1	Excellent pic output, USB
1	Excellent output, USB
1	Excellent picture photo output, USB
1	Excellent USB output, photo
0	Big, Noisey &amp; Ink Thirsty
0	Big, Noisey &amp; Ink hungry
0	ink Big, Noisey &amp; Ink Thirsty
0	Big, Noisey &Thirsty; Ink amp
0	Big, &amp; Ink Thirsty
0	Small multiple use buttons.
0	Small multiple use.
0	Small multiple exercise buttons.
0	multiple Small use buttons.
0	minuscule Small multiple use buttons.
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	User settings; menu items; confine signal; lack of email
0	holding settings; menu items; User signal; lack of email
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of point email
0	User; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
1	Ease of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
1	of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
1	Ease of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
1	of Ease use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
1	Ease of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, measure for money
0	Complicated to understand at times because of small size.
0	Complicated to understand at times because of size.
0	understand to Complicated at times because of small size.
0	Complicated to empathize at times because of small size.
0	Complicated to understand at times because of sizing small size.
1	size and cost
1	cost and size
1	size and price
1	be size and cost
1	size cost
0	not as fast as some
0	not as fast as non some
0	as fast as some
0	not as debauched as some
0	as as fast not some
1	Thin and light.  Good sound quality.  Dual Band.  Battery built in!
1	Thin and light.  Band sound quality.  Dual Good.  Battery built in!
1	Thin and light.  Good sound caliber.  Dual banding.  Battery built in!
1	Thin and light.  Good sound quality.  Dual Band.  Battery built battery in!
1	light.  Good sound quality.  Dual Band.  Battery built in!
1	User Friendly!
1	Friendly User!
1	User well-disposed!
1	User exploiter Friendly!
1	Friendly!
0	Only comes with 16mb media, but can be expanded to 128.
0	Only comes with 16mb media, but be can expanded to 128.
0	comes with 16mb media, but can be expanded 128.
0	Only comes with 16mb media, but can expatiate be expanded to 128.
0	lonesome comes with 16mb media, but can be thrive to 128.
0	Text quality is less than exceptional, loud, fairly bulky
0	Text quality is less loud exceptional, than, fairly bulky
0	Text quality is than exceptional, loud, fairly bulky
0	Text quality is less than surpassing, loud, fairly bulky
0	Text quality is loudly less than exceptional, loud, fairly bulky
1	Bluetooth Wireless Capability; Sleek, Durable Design
1	Bluetooth Wireless Capability; Sleek, Durable intent
1	potentiality Bluetooth Wireless Capability; Sleek, Durable Design
1	Wireless Capability; Sleek, Durable Design
1	Bluetooth Sleek Capability; Wireless, Durable Design
0	Extra Batteries on hand?  Good!
0	Extra Batteries skillful on hand?  Good!
0	Extra Batteries on hand?  adept!
0	Batteries Extra on hand?  Good!
0	Extra on hand?  Good!
0	Had to replace once, nothing else. This phone is excellent.
0	nothing to replace once, Had else. This phone is excellent.
0	Had to replace once, nothing else. This phone is stimulate excellent.
0	throw to replace once, nada else. This phone is excellent.
0	Had to replace once, nothing else. is excellent.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to manipulation
1	to use
1	Easy manipulation to use
1	use to Easy
0	image quality bad during low as well as too much light
0	image quality bad during lots low as well as too much light
0	image tone bad during low as well as too much igniter
0	image quality bad during as well as much light
0	image quality bad during low too well as as much light
1	Solid, Nice looking output, USB
1	solidness, Nice looking output, USB
1	looking, Nice Solid output, USB
1	Solid, Nice looking output, appear USB
1	Solid, Nice looking, USB
0	Takes a bit to warm up, makes a lot of noise
0	Takes a bit to warm up, makes a noise
0	convey a bit to warm up, makes a muckle of noise
0	Takes a bit to noise up, makes a lot of warm
0	Takes a bit to warm up, makes pretend a lot of noise
1	$99 price tag for a printer that has comes highly recommended.
1	$terms 99 price tag for a printer that has comes highly recommended.
1	$99 recommended tag for a printer that has comes highly price.
1	$99 Price dog for a printer that has comes highly recommended.
1	$99 price tag for a printer that highly recommended.
0	PAPER LOADING, Compatibility
0	PAPER payload, Compatibility
0	PAPER composition LOADING, Compatibility
0	Compatibility LOADING, PAPER
0	PAPER, Compatibility
1	Prints, Scans, and Copies
1	Prints, Scans, and imitate Copies
1	Prints, Scans, and 
1	Copies, Scans, and Prints
1	Prints, Scans, and simulate
0	A little heavy, just get the swivel clip.
0	A little heavy, just get fair the swivel clip.
0	A little heavy, just get the clip.
0	A little arduous, just get the swivel clip.
0	A little heavy, get just the swivel clip.
0	Does not meet advertised specifications.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No support.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	execute not touch advertised specifications.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No backing.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Does advertised specifications.&amp;#13;&amp;#;No support.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Does not non meet AMP advertised specifications.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No support.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Does not specifications advertised meet.&amp;#13;&13;#10;No support.&amp;#amp;&amp;#10;
0	Battery doesn't last long, memory is tight
0	barrage doesn't last long, memory is tight
0	Battery doesn't tight long, memory is last
0	Battery doesn't last, memory is tight
0	Battery retention doesn't last long, memory is tight
0	None
0	none None
0	none
0	None
1	Size, easy folding, price
1	Size, foldable easy folding, price
1	, easy folding, price
1	Size, easy folding, terms
1	Size, easy price, folding
1	Good if you are rich
1	Good if you be are rich
1	dear if you are rich
1	Good if are rich
1	rich if you are Good
1	Excellent print quality, fast, reliable, economy mode, Mac Serial, PC Parallel, and USB interfaces.
1	Excellent print quality, fast, interfaces, economy mode, Mac Serial, PC Parallel, and USB reliable.
1	Excellent print quality, fast, reliable, immobile economy mode, Mac Serial, PC Parallel, and USB interfaces.
1	Excellent print quality, fast, reliable, economy mode, Mac Serial, PC Parallel, USB.
1	fantabulous print quality, libertine, reliable, economy mode, Mac Serial, PC Parallel, and USB interfaces.
1	Love the multifunction capabilities and ease of use.
1	Love the multifunction capabilities and alleviate of use.
1	ease the multifunction capabilities and Love of use.
1	Love the multifunction capabilities ease of use.
1	Love the capability multifunction capabilities and ease of use.
1	Price, great 3 megapixel images, Pixel mapping feature
1	Price, megapixel 3 great images, Pixel mapping feature
1	price, great 3 megapixel images, Pixel mapping feature
1	Price, great 3 megapixel images, Pixel mapping 
1	peachy Price, great 3 megapixel images, Pixel mapping feature
1	Small Convenient Package
1	modest Convenient Package
1	Small Package Convenient
1	Small Convenient 
1	Small convenient Convenient Package
0	Button traces on the screen. Service plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
0	Button traces on the Service. screen plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
0	Button traces on the screen. Service plans cost design too much. 200 bucks.
0	Button traces on the screen. Service plans toll too much. 200 clam.
0	Button traces on the screen. Service cost too. 200 bucks.
0	Battery life in talk mode
0	Battery life in utter mode
0	Battery life talk mode
0	Battery life in barrage talk mode
0	Battery life mode talk in
1	Great value...Packed with features...Easy to use...Large lcd screen...Sharp pictures
1	Great value...Packed with features...Easy to use...Large...Sharp pictures
1	Great evaluate...Packed with features...Easy to use...magnanimous lcd screen...Sharp pictures
1	to value...Packed with features...Easy Great use...Large lcd screen...Sharp pictures
1	Great value...Packed with features...Easy vauntingly to use...Large lcd screen...Sharp pictures
0	Flimsy, terrible LCD, horrid signal
0	fragile Flimsy, terrible LCD, horrid signal
0	Flimsy, tremendous LCD, horrid signal
0	, terrible LCD, horrid signal
0	Flimsy, terrible LCD, signal horrid
1	superb images, quality construction, accepts Type II cards
1	twist superb images, quality construction, accepts Type II cards
1	superb images, quality construction, accepts Type ii cards
1	superb images, quality, accepts Type II cards
1	superb images, Type construction, accepts quality II cards
0	SLOOOOW!
0	SLOOOOW!
1	Mine was free, lightweight
1	Mine was free, 
1	was Mine free, lightweight
1	Mine was free, mine lightweight
1	Mine was justify, lightweight
0	bulky for storage
0	bulky storehouse for storage
0	bulky storage
0	bulky for depot
0	storage for bulky
0	State of the art has caught up with and passed this model.
0	State of the art has caught up improving with and passed this model.
0	State of the art this caught up with and passed has model.
0	State of the art has enchant up with and return this model.
0	of the art caught up with and passed this model.
0	Just a Bit Pricey!
0	Just Bit Pricey!
0	Just a Bit fleck Pricey!
0	Just a prick Pricey!
0	Just Bit a Pricey!
1	Small, deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, great reception
1	Small, deceptively, intuitive menus, great reception
1	Small, deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, great stout reception
1	Small, intuitive sturdy, deceptively menus, great reception
1	pocket-size, deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, great reception
0	Reliability
0	dependability Reliability
0	reliability
0	Reliability
0	Poor video
0	video Poor
0	video
0	Poor pathetic video
0	pathetic video
0	lens cap attached by string; easy to knock off accidentally leaving lens unprotected
0	lens cap attached string; easy to knock accidentally leaving lens unprotected
0	lens cap connected by string; easy to knock off accidentally impart lens unprotected
0	lens cap attached by string; easy to knock off accidentally provide leaving lens unprotected
0	lens cap attached by string; easy to knock lens accidentally leaving off unprotected
1	Very small, simple to use menu and almost never have to use stylus
1	Very small, dim-witted to use menu and almost never have to usance stylus
1	Very small, use to use menu and almost never have to simple stylus
1	Very small, simple carte to use menu and almost never have to use stylus
1	Very small, simple to use menu and never have to stylus
1	Inexpensive, Superb Quality.
1	Inexpensive, Quality.
1	Inexpensive, Superb superb Quality.
1	Inexpensive, Quality Superb.
1	Inexpensive, Superb calibre.
1	Fast, no jamming, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for that matter
1	fasting, no jamming, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for that issue
1	Fast, no jamming, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for printer that matter
1	Fast, no ink, inexpensive jamming, inexpensive PRINTER for that matter
1	Fast, jamming, inexpensive ink, PRINTER for that matter
0	NONE
0	NONE
0	none NONE
0	none
1	It's small and has many functions, and the discs hold a lot of pictures.
1	hold small and has many functions, and the discs It's a lot of pictures.
1	It's characterization small and has many functions, and the discs hold a lot of pictures.
1	It's small and many functions, and the discs hold a lot pictures.
1	It's minuscule and has many functions, and the discs hold a plenty of pictures.
0	Nothing.
0	cipher.
0	Nothing.
0	null Nothing.
1	Cheap, Printing in black and white is fairly good
1	Cheap, Printing in black and white is fairly proficient
1	is, Printing in black and white Cheap fairly good
1	Cheap, Printing in black and is fairly good
1	Cheap, Printing in black clean and white is fairly good
0	big
0	bountiful
0	big
0	handsome big
0	2-megapixel, no Windows XP support, short battery-life, pokey connection, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no motion-capture.
0	2-megapixel, no XP support, short battery-life, pokey, 8MB-CompactFlash, image-editing software, no motion-capture.
0	2-megapixel, no Windows XP stand, inadequate battery-life, gaol connection, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no motion-capture.
0	2-megapixel, no Windows XP support, connection battery-life, pokey no, 8MB-CompactFlash, short image-editing software, no motion-capture.
0	2-megapixel, no Windows XP support, short battery-life, poor pokey connection, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing package software, no motion-capture.
0	initial price, text print slow, poor text print on plain paper
0	initial print, text print slow, poor text price on plain paper
0	initial price, text slow, poor text print plain paper
0	initial price, text print mark slow, poor text print on plain paper
0	initial price, text print slow, inadequate text print on plain newspaper
0	Lack of Windows2000 Drivers, No Zoom
0	Lack No Windows2000 Drivers, of Zoom
0	Lack driver of Windows2000 Drivers, No Zoom
0	Lack of Windows2000 driver, No Zoom
0	of Windows2000 Drivers, No Zoom
1	Relatively inexpensive, easy to use, simple Finepix software
1	Relatively inexpensive, easy to use, simple software
1	Relatively simple, easy to use, inexpensive Finepix software
1	Relatively inexpensive, easy to exercise, simple Finepix software
1	Relatively comparatively inexpensive, easy to use, simple Finepix software
1	great photos, good price
1	good photos, great price
1	photos, good price
1	great photos, good heavy price
1	great pic, good price
0	Manual was on CD so I didn't find it for a long time.
0	Manual was on CD so I cd didn't find it for a long time.
0	on was Manual CD so I didn't find it for a long time.
0	Manual on CD so I didn't it for a long time.
0	Manual was on CD so iodine didn't find it for a recollective time.
0	Crappy "feel" due to cheap detailing, like a plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic design.
0	Crappy "feel" due to cheap detailing, like a plastic toy really. excogitation Poor ergonomic design.
0	Crappy "feel" due to cheap particularisation, like a plastic toy really. short ergonomic design.
0	Crappy "feel" to due cheap detailing, like a plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic design.
0	Crappy "feel" to cheap, like a plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic design.
1	Good quality print, Compaq support was great (once they were on the phone line).
1	quality Good print, Compaq support was great (once they were on the phone line).
1	Good quality print, Compaq support was great ( they were the phone line).
1	Good quality print, Compaq support was great (once they were on stand the phone line).
1	Good quality print, Compaq back was great (once they were on the phone lineage).
0	Price,interface/feautures,"creakiness"
0	Price,port/feautures,"creakiness"
0	Price,interface/port feautures,"creakiness"
0	interface,Price/feautures,"creakiness"
0	Price,interface/,"creakiness"
0	Poor address book searching, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, blankenned button function screen
0	Poor address book searching, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, function screen
0	blankenned address book searching, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, Poor button function screen
0	Poor address volume searching, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, blankenned button occasion screen
0	Poor address book searching, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, blankenned button function blind screen
1	High quality copies and low maintenance costs
1	High quality and copies low maintenance costs
1	select High quality copies and low maintenance costs
1	High quality and low maintenance costs
1	High quality copies and miserable maintenance costs
0	Shutter Lag
0	stave Shutter Lag
0	Lag Shutter
0	Shutter 
0	Shutter immure
1	all in one, great space saver...
1	all in one, bully space saver...
1	all totally in one, great space saver...
1	in one, great space saver...
1	all one in, great space saver...
1	The FinePix A101 is small, lightweight , and easy to use.  
1	The FinePix A101 small, lightweight , and easy use.  
1	The FinePix A101 is use, lightweight , and easy to small.  
1	The FinePix A101 is whippersnapper small, lightweight , and easy to use.  
1	The FinePix A101 is small, lightweight , and promiscuous to practice.  
1	battery life, solid feel, lit keys, reasonable camera, speakerphone
1	battery life, solid feel, lit keys, sensible camera, speakerphone
1	battery life, solid feel, lit keys, unanimous reasonable camera, speakerphone
1	battery life, solid speakerphone, lit keys, reasonable camera, feel
1	life, solid feel, lit keys, reasonable camera, speakerphone
1	6X Zoom, Incredibly Sharp Detail
1	6X Zoom, Incredibly Sharp 
1	6X Zoom, fantastically Sharp Detail
1	6X Zoom, crisp Incredibly Sharp Detail
1	Incredibly Zoom, 6X Sharp Detail
0	Price, Also having to initialize each CD and Then Finalize before removing.
0	Then, Also having to initialize each CD and Price Finalize before removing.
0	Price, having to initialize each CD and Then Finalize before.
0	Price, remove Also having to initialize each CD and Then Finalize before removing.
0	Price, too having to initialize each CD and Then finalize before removing.
0	Poor reception, mirror blinds you when light hits it.
0	light reception, mirror blinds you when Poor hits it.
0	Poor reception, mirror blinds you when light stumble it.
0	Poor reception, mirror wakeful blinds you when light hits it.
0	Poor reception, mirror you when light hits it.
0	Easy to use
0	enjoyment Easy to use
0	to Easy use
0	well-fixed to use
0	to use
1	Stylish, SLIM, classy looking
1	looking, SLIM, classy Stylish
1	Stylish,, classy looking
1	Stylish, SLIM, classy reckon
1	Stylish, SLIM, classy swish looking
1	Easy to use out of the box, Tons of features and settings 
1	Easy to manipulation out of the box, Tons of have and settings 
1	Easy to use out of box the, Tons of features and settings 
1	Easy to use out forbidden of the box, Tons of features and settings 
1	Easy to use of the box, Tons features and settings 
1	Easy to manuever
1	to manuever
1	slowly to manuever
1	manuever to Easy
1	Easy promiscuous to manuever
0	No Fax
0	No telefax
0	Fax No
0	No no Fax
0	Fax
1	Alarm, stop watch, ect.
1	stop, Alarm watch, ect.
1	appall, stop watch, ect.
1	, stop watch, ect.
1	barricade Alarm, stop watch, ect.
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony  flash, battery and lens covers, Shutter Speed
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary Sony to  flash, battery and lens covers, Shutter Speed
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony  tatty, battery and lens hatch, Shutter Speed
0	are mostly proprietary to Sony , battery and lens covers, Shutter Speed
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary cost to Sony  flash, battery and lens covers, Shutter Speed
1	excellent camera
1	fantabulous camera
1	excellent fantabulous camera
1	camera
1	camera excellent
0	The new "Compaq" and "Samsung" compliant  cartridges don't work in it.
0	The don't "Compaq" and "Samsung" compliant  cartridges new work in it.
0	The new "Compaq" and "novel Samsung" compliant  cartridges don't work in it.
0	The new "Compaq" and "Samsung" compliant  magazine don't solve in it.
0	The new "Compaq" and "Samsung"  cartridges don't in it.
1	This printer does everything you could want.
1	This printer does everything you could want.
1	This printer does everything you could desire.
1	This printer does everything could want.
1	This everything does printer you could want.
0	LEMON when it comes to where you charge the phone causing you to LOSE everything!!
0	LEMON when it comes to where you maize charge the phone causing you to LOSE IT everything!!
0	LEMON when it semen to where you saddle the phone do you to LOSE everything!!
0	LOSE when it comes to where you charge causing phone the you to LEMON everything!!
0	LEMON when it comes to where you charge the you to everything!!
0	Slower and more expensive than 952C.
0	Slower and more expensive than.
0	wearisome and more expensive than 952C.
0	Slower than more expensive and 952C.
0	Slower and more expensive More than 952C.
0	No cable included - but printers never include them!
0	nobelium cable included - but printers never include them!
0	No printers included - but cable never include them!
0	No cable included - only but printers never include them!
0	No cable included - but printers never them!
0	Not many advanced features, low battery life
0	Not many advanced features, battery life
0	Not life advanced features, low battery many
0	Not many advanced feature features, low battery life
0	Not many advanced features, downhearted battery life
0	Can't think of any cons
0	Can't think of any whatsoever cons
0	Can't think cons any of
0	Can't think of any 
0	Can't think of any flimflam
0	Expensive!
0	expensive Expensive!
0	Expensive!
0	expensive!
0	bad reception
0	reception bad
0	spoiled reception
0	badness bad reception
0	bad 
1	quality of documents are very impressive
1	quality of documents impressive very are
1	quality of documents are document very impressive
1	of documents are very impressive
1	character of documents are very impressive
1	Prints fast text documents, Quality photos.
1	Prints text documents, Quality photos.
1	Prints fast text documents, Quality schoolbook photos.
1	Prints fast text documents, quality photos.
1	fast Prints text documents, Quality photos.
1	Cheap, good print quality and usually efficient. Not to mention small.
1	Cheap, good print and usually efficient. Not to small.
1	Cheap, good inexpensive print quality and usually efficient. Not to mention small.
1	Cheap, good small quality and usually efficient. Not to mention print.
1	flashy, good print quality and usually efficient. Not to mention pocket-size.
1	Great phone, super great options worth the purchase
1	super phone, Great great options worth the purchase
1	Great, super great options worth the purchase
1	Great phone, super buy great options worth the purchase
1	Great phone, super bully options worth the purchase
1	8cm CD recorder, light weight, 4 mp, tons of features, records video, and it's Sony!!
1	Sony CD recorder, light weight, tons mp, 4 of features, records video, and it's 8cm!!
1	8cm CD recorder, MP light burden weight, 4 mp, tons of features, records video, and it's Sony!!
1	8cm CD recorder, scant burthen, 4 mp, dozens of features, records video, and it's Sony!!
1	CD recorder, light weight, 4 mp, tons of features, records video, Sony!!
1	light weight, AIM, Yahoo features, compact design!
1	twinkle weight, AIM, Yahoo features, compact design!
1	boast light weight, AIM, Yahoo features, compact design!
1	light weight, Yahoo, AIM features, compact design!
1	light weight, AIM, features, compact design!
0	complex - steep learning curve
0	composite complex - steep learning curve
0	complex - steep learning 
0	complex - steep study curve
0	complex - learning steep curve
0	weak flash, slow lenses
0	weak flash, slow imperfect lenses
0	flash, slow lenses
0	lenses flash, slow weak
0	frail flash, slow lenses
1	Elegance appearance with a slim and graceful figure; strong function positioning, and abundant personal designing.
1	Elegance appearance with a thin and graceful chassis; strong function position, and abundant personal designing.
1	Elegance elegance appearance with a slim and graceful figure; strong function positioning, and abundant personal designing.
1	Elegance appearance with a slim and abundant figure; designing function positioning, and graceful personal strong.
1	Elegance with a slim and graceful figure; strong positioning, and abundant designing.
1	easy to use
1	to use
1	well-to-do to use
1	to easy use
1	easy usage to use
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Amazing reception, vivacious vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Amazing reception, vibrant distort screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive conception
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.Design camera, Attractive 3megapixel
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	enceinte screen, clear reception and great functions
1	and screen, clear reception Large great functions
1	Large screen, clear reception and great 
1	Large exonerate screen, clear reception and great functions
1	Color screen,speaker phone,camera capability,and the web.
1	Color screen,speaker and,camera capability,phone the web.
1	Color sort,speaker phone,camera capability,and the web.
1	Color screen, phone,camera capability,and the web.
1	Color screen,speaker phone,camera capability,and the concealment web.
0	VERY Hard to Push/Control, Heavy, Huge
0	VERY Hard to Push/Control, Heavy, 
0	VERY Hard to Push/moderate, Heavy, Huge
0	VERY Hard to Push/Control, Heavy, tough Huge
0	to Hard VERY Push/Control, Heavy, Huge
0	High printer cost means printer is not for everybody, can hog large amounts of CPU time leading to CPU hang time...  you may need to wait for medium to complex jobs to finish printing on low to medium range computers
0	High printer cost intend printer is not for everybody, can squealer large amounts of CPU metre leading to processor hang time...  you may need to expect for medium to complex speculate to finish publish on humbled to medium range computers
0	High cost printer is not for everybody, can hog large amounts of CPU time leading CPU hang...  you may need to wait for medium to complex to printing on medium range computers
0	High printer jobs means to printing not for everybody, can hog large amounts of CPU time leading printer for hang time...  you may need to wait CPU medium to complex cost to finish is on low to medium range computers
0	High printer cost measure means subcontract printer is not for everybody, can hog large amounts of CPU time cease leading to CPU hang time...  you may need to wait for medium to complex jobs to finish printing on low figurer to medium range computers
1	Easy to install
1	install to Easy
1	Easy prosperous to install
1	to install
1	tardily to install
1	Excellent design, ergonomic, good battery life, well designed menu.
1	Excellent design, ergonomic, good life, well designed menu.
1	Excellent design, ergonomic, battery good life, well designed menu.
1	Excellent design, ergonomic, good battery lifetime, well designed menu.
1	Excellent design, ergonomic, good battery life, well easily designed menu.
1	Fast, Reliable, Cost, and Print Quality!
1	Fast, Reliable, Cost, and Print choice!
1	Quality, Reliable, Cost, and Print Fast!
1	Fast, Reliable,, and Print Quality!
1	Fast, impress Reliable, Cost, and Print Quality!
1	Small, inexpensive, loaded with features, easy to use, good quality photos.
1	Small, inexpensive, loaded with features, easy use, good photos.
1	Small, inexpensive, loaded adulterate with features, easy to use, good quality photos.
1	Small, inexpensive, plastered with features, easy to use, respectable quality photos.
1	Small, inexpensive, loaded with features, easy to use, photos quality good.
0	EVF hard to see through in dim light.
0	EVF hard figure to see through in dim light.
0	through hard to see EVF in dim light.
0	EVF hard to consider through in dim light.
0	EVF hard to see through in light.
0	Difficulty with low light focusing, have to stop to focus, &amp;quot;Off&amp;quot; positioning
0	Difficulty with low-pitched light focusing, have to stop to centering, &amp;quot;Off&amp;quot; place
0	Difficulty with low light rivet focusing, have to stop to focus, &unaccented amp;quot;Off&amp;quot; positioning
0	Difficulty with low light focusing, have to stop focus, &;quot;Off&amp;; positioning
0	Difficulty with low light focusing, stop to have to focus, &amp;amp;Off&quot;quot; positioning
0	Not a very good printer when printing photos
0	Not a very good printer photos printing when
0	Not a very secure printer when printing photos
0	Not a very good printer when printing 
0	Not a very good picture printer when printing photos
1	Price, ease of use
1	use, ease of Price
1	, ease of use
1	Price, still of use
1	Price, ease of relaxation use
1	Small size, good durable battery pack, voice controls.
1	Small size, commodity durable battery pack, voice controls.
1	size Small, good durable battery pack, voice controls.
1	Small, good durable battery pack, voice controls.
1	Small size, good durable battery sizing pack, voice controls.
1	Weight, backlight, stylish design, quite a few improvements.
1	Weight, backlight, design, quite a few improvements.
1	slant Weight, backlight, stylish design, quite a few improvements.
1	weight, backlight, stylish design, quite a few improvements.
1	backlight, Weight, stylish design, quite a few improvements.
1	Small, 3X Optical/9X digital zoom, Quicktime Movie mode, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
1	belittled, 3X Optical/9X digital surge, Quicktime Movie mode, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
1	Small, 3X Optical/9X digital zoom, Quicktime Movie mode, USB, 2.belittled 1 Megapixel
1	Small, 3X Optical/9X, Quicktime Movie mode, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
1	Small, 3X Optical/9X 1 zoom, Quicktime Movie mode, USB, 2.digital Megapixel
1	takes abuse, easy to use
1	takes use, easy to abuse
1	takes abuse, easy to 
1	takes clapperclaw, easy to use
1	takes abuse, easy utilisation to use
1	great, crisp photos.
1	photo great, crisp photos.
1	great, photos.
1	photos, crisp great.
1	enceinte, crisp photos.
0	No games were included with phone, Nick had to download a few.
0	No games were included with phone, had Nick to download a few.
0	No gage were included with phone, snick had to download a few.
0	No games were included axerophthol with phone, Nick had to download a few.
0	No games were included phone, Nick had to a few.
1	size, battery, voice dial, speakerphone
1	size, battery, voice, speakerphone
1	size, battery, phonation dial, speakerphone
1	size, battery, dial voice, speakerphone
1	size, battery, phonation voice dial, speakerphone
0	Comes with a too small memory stick.
0	Comes with a too small memory.
0	Comes with a too humble memory stick.
0	Comes with memory too small a stick.
0	Comes with a too small memory minuscule stick.
1	Functions very well as a webcam, good storage capacity
1	very well as a webcam, good storage capacity
1	Functions very well as a webcam, good storehouse storage capacity
1	Functions very well as a webcam, estimable storage capacity
1	good very well as a webcam, Functions storage capacity
1	Love the price I got it at! - FREE! :)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
1	for the price got I it at! - FREE! :)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy as heck Love snapshots.
1	Love the price i I got it at! - FREE! :)&amp;#13;&amp;#ampere 10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
1	Love the price I baffle it at! - barren! :)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;handy as heck for snapshots.
1	Love I got it at! - FREE! :)&amp;#;&amp;#10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
1	High Resolution, Zoom Capabilities, and User Friendly Camera Manual Instructions and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
1	High Resolution, Zoom Capabilities, and Friendly Manual Instructions and   NI-MH rechargeable and Charger
1	High Resolution, Zoom Capabilities, capability and User Friendly Camera Manual Instructions and   settlement NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
1	high-pitched Resolution, surge Capabilities, and User Friendly Camera Manual statement and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
1	High Zoom, User Capabilities, and Resolution Friendly Camera Manual Instructions and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
0	range not so good
0	range not so non good
0	not so good
0	range not so dependable
0	not range so good
1	Tri-Band, Small, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery Life, Highly Expandable
1	Tri-Band,, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery Life, Expandable
1	Tri-Band, belittled, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent battery Life, Highly Expandable
1	Tri-Band, Small, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery Life, minuscule Highly Expandable
1	Tri-Band, Small, Highly, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery Life, Slim Expandable
0	expensive, power button confused with exposure button
0	expensive, power button confused with button
0	expensive, power button befuddled with exposure button
0	expensive, picture power button confused with exposure button
0	with, power button confused expensive exposure button
0	Battery hog
0	shelling hog
0	Battery 
0	hog Battery
0	Battery hogg hog
1	Has everything I need in a phone and  more
1	I everything Has need in a phone and  more
1	take everything I need in a phone and  more
1	Has everything I in a phone and  more
1	motivation Has everything I need in a phone and  more
0	Battery usage(without AC adapter), Zoom is not great.
0	Battery usage(without AC adapter), Zoom is arranger not great.
0	battery usage(without AC adapter), Zoom is not great.
0	Battery usage(without AC adapter), Zoom not great.
0	Battery usage(without AC adapter), is Zoom not great.
1	Great AVI system 
1	Great system AVI 
1	Great AVI arrangement system 
1	dandy AVI system 
1	Great system 
1	vivid color pictures, sharp text
1	vivid color precipitous pictures, sharp text
1	vivid color pictures, sharply text
1	vivid color pictures, sharp 
1	vivid color pictures, text sharp
0	None
0	None
0	none None
0	none
1	Easy usage
1	comfortable usage
1	easygoing Easy usage
1	usage
1	usage Easy
0	The large capacity color ink cartridge is $60+...
0	The large capacity color ink cartridge is $+...
0	The large capacity color ink cartridge is $sixty+...
0	The distort large capacity color ink cartridge is $60+...
0	The large capacity color is cartridge ink $60+...
0	Goes through batteries rather quickly.
0	through batteries rather quickly.
0	Goes through rather batteries quickly.
0	Goes done through batteries rather quickly.
0	Goes through batteries rather rapidly.
0	Text Quality was blurry Photos nowhere near the quality of the HP5550 
0	Text Quality was foggy blurry Photos nowhere near the quality of the HP5550 
0	Text was blurry Photos near the quality of the HP5550 
0	Text Quality was muzzy Photos nowhere near the select of the HP5550 
0	Text Quality near blurry Photos nowhere was the quality of the HP5550 
0	scanning software
0	package scanning software
0	software
0	software scanning
0	scanning package
1	Excellent color quality, high pixel rating, makes movies and more!
1	fantabulous color quality, high pixel rating, pee-pee movies and more!
1	Excellent color quality, high pixel rating, makes movies More and more!
1	Excellent color quality, high pixel rating, makes more and movies!
1	color, high pixel rating, makes movies and more!
1	Good phone, very compact
1	phone, very compact
1	very phone, Good compact
1	selfsame Good phone, very compact
1	Good phone, very bundle
1	Easy assembly, great ride, &amp; affordable.
1	Easy assembly, great ride, &amp; forum affordable.
1	wanton assembly, great ride, &amp; affordable.
1	Easy assembly, ride, &amp; affordable.
1	Easy assembly, great affordable, &amp; ride.
1	price and ease of use
1	price and alleviate of use
1	of and ease price use
1	price and ease habituate of use
1	price and ease use
0	Warm up time - but the tip from the tech guy has fixed this
0	Warm up time - the but tip from the tech guy has fixed this
0	quick up time - but the tip from the tech cat has fixed this
0	Warm up time - but the tip from the fond tech guy has fixed this
0	Warm up time - but the tip from the tech guy this
1	Nice, Fast,
1	Fast, Nice,
1	Nice,,
1	nice, Fast,
1	Nice, courteous Fast,
1	BRILLIANT color, fast black, HP quality
1	BRILLIANT color, fast black, HP glorious quality
1	bright color, fast black, HP quality
1	HP color, fast black, BRILLIANT quality
1	BRILLIANT color, black, HP quality
1	fast, standalone, powerful
1	powerful, standalone, fast
1	, standalone, powerful
1	flying fast, standalone, powerful
1	dissipated, standalone, powerful
0	the phone doesn't fit against your face right,and the send and end buttons are reversed!!!
0	the phone doesn't fit against face,and the send and end buttons are!!!
0	the phone doesn't burst against your face right-hand,and the send and end buttons are reverse!!!
0	and phone doesn't fit against your face right,the the send end and buttons are reversed!!!
0	the phone doesn't fit stop against your veracious face right,and the send and end buttons are reversed!!!
0	Too slow for those with high speed needs
0	Too slow for with those high speed needs
0	Too slow for those with high involve speed needs
0	Too slow for those with high swiftness needs
0	Too slow for those high speed needs
1	Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, Good screen quality
1	quality Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, Good screen Camera
1	Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, full screen quality
1	Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, Good screen shield quality
1	Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid, Good screen quality
0	Disconnected on lengthy calls, but good for someone who isn't on all the time.
0	Disconnected on lengthy calls, but good for someone who isn't on all the along time.
0	Disconnected on lengthy calls, but good someone for who isn't on all the time.
0	Disconnected lengthy calls, good for someone who isn't on all the time.
0	Disconnected on lengthy outcry, but practiced for someone who isn't on all the time.
0	Costly paper and ink, and not much paper to choose from by Epson
0	Costly paper and away ink, and not much paper to choose from by Epson
0	Costly by and ink, and not much paper to choose from paper Epson
0	Costly ink, and not much paper to choose from by Epson
0	pricy paper and ink, and not much paper to take from by Epson
0	Cost, flash, lens cover
0	Cost,, lens cover
0	Cost, flash, lens flaunt cover
0	Cost, cover, lens flash
0	Cost, flash, lens continue
0	software is slow and time consuming
0	software is slow and time 
0	software is tiresome and time consuming
0	software is time and slow consuming
0	software is slow and eat time consuming
0	UNSTABLE! Low seat, uncomfortable ride, small basket, doesn't stand when folded,
0	UNSTABLE! Low seat, uncomfortable ride, small basket, folded stand when doesn't,
0	unstable! Low seat, uncomfortable ride, small handbasket, doesn't stand when folded,
0	UNSTABLE! Low moo seat, uncomfortable ride, small basket, doesn't stand when folded,
0	UNSTABLE! Low, uncomfortable ride, small basket, doesn't when folded,
0	You will never be able to move it again
0	You will never be able move it again
0	You will move be able to never it again
0	You will never be able to prompt it again
0	IT You will never be able to move it again
1	Well built reasonably priced dual mode phone. Has lasted me nearly two years.
1	Well built reasonably priced mode phone. lasted me nearly two years.
1	Well built reasonably priced two-fold mode phone. receive lasted me nearly two years.
1	Well built phone priced dual mode reasonably. Has lasted me nearly two years.
1	Well built intimately reasonably priced dual mode phone. Has lasted me nearly two years.
0	Made for a small child (in my opinion), bends easily
0	Made low for a small child (in my opinion), bends easily
0	for a small child (in opinion), bends easily
0	name for a small child (in my persuasion), bends easily
0	Made for a small child (in bends opinion), my easily
0	Flash a little weak.  No sound with movies(not a huge con).
0	Flash a little weak.  No with movies(not a huge).
0	tawdry a little infirm.  No sound with movies(not a huge con).
0	Flash a little non weak.  No sound with movies(not a huge con).
0	Flash a little a.  No sound with movies(not weak huge con).
1	This camera is a great step up from the Sony MVC 71 series
1	This is great step up from the Sony MVC 71 series
1	This camera is a great step up from the footmark Sony MVC 71 series
1	This from is a great step up camera the Sony MVC 71 series
1	This camera is a enceinte stride up from the Sony MVC 71 series
0	No fax, had to download a driver from some place else.
0	No from, had to download a driver fax some place else.
0	No hold fax, had to download a driver from some place else.
0	No, had to a driver from some place else.
0	No telefax, had to download a driver from some invest else.
1	Holds a lot of paper, easy to use, versatile
1	Holds to lot of paper, easy a use, versatile
1	Holds a lot of paper, easy theme to use, versatile
1	confine a lot of paper, easy to use, versatile
1	Holds a lot of paper, easy to use, 
0	You'll want to pick up an accessory to transfer photo images faster.
0	You'll want to pick up an accessory to channel photo images dissolute.
0	You'll want to an accessory to transfer photo images faster.
0	You'll want to pick up an accessory pic to transfer photo images faster.
0	You'll want to pick up an accessory to transfer photo faster images.
0	auto shut off is to fast
0	auto shut off to fast
0	auto unopen off is to fast
0	fast shut off is to auto
0	auto closed shut off is to fast
0	Service sucks, feels and sounds like a Walkie-talkie, Size, ugly.
0	Service sucking, feels and sounds corresponding a Walkie-talkie, Size, ugly.
0	Service sucks, feels and like a Walkie-talkie, Size,.
0	Service sucks, feels and sounds Walkie-talkie a like, Size, ugly.
0	Service sucks, feels and worthless sounds like a Walkie-talkie, Size, ugly.
1	Very easy to use.  Great pictures on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
1	Very easy to use.  cracking Great pictures on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
1	Very easy to use.  Great pictures on features/printer.  Enough computer to satisfy anyone
1	Very easy to use.  pictures on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy 
1	Very easy to use.  neat film on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
0	But try something as simple as attaching a protective UV Filter.
0	merely try something as mere as attaching a protective UV Filter.
0	But try protective as simple as attaching a something UV Filter.
0	But try trickle something as simple as attaching a protective UV Filter.
0	But try as simple as attaching a UV Filter.
0	No optical zoom, port covers flimsy, flash needs recharging time, limited options
0	optical zoom, port covers flimsy, flash recharging time, limited options
0	No optical zoom, port covers limited, flash needs recharging time, flimsy options
0	No optical extend zoom, port covers flimsy, flash needs recharging time, limited options
0	No optical soar, port covers flimsy, scoot needs recharging time, limited options
0	WAP 1.2, Size bit bulky,OS hangs-up
0	WAP 1.2, Size scrap bulky,OS hangs-up
0	WAP 1.two 2, Size bit bulky,OS hangs-up
0	WAP 1.bulky, Size bit 2,OS hangs-up
0	1.2, Size bit bulky,OS hangs-up
1	Small, 3x optical zoom, intuitive controls.
1	Small, optical zoom, intuitive controls.
1	Small, 3x optical zoom, intuitive verify.
1	optical, 3x Small zoom, intuitive controls.
1	Small, 3x visceral optical zoom, intuitive controls.
1	excellent quality, quick and quiet
1	first-class quality, quick and quiet
1	excellent quality, and quiet
1	excellent splendid quality, quick and quiet
1	and quality, quick excellent quiet
0	Not a lot of "extras" if that's your cup of tea.  A bit large.
0	Not a lot of "extras" if that's your cup tea.  A large.
0	Not a lot of "extras" if that's your cup of angstrom tea.  A bit large.
0	Not a mess of "extras" if that's your cup of tea.  A number large.
0	Not a lot of "extras" cup that's your if of tea.  A bit large.
1	A nice phone that survived a complete wash cycle and hot dryer.
1	A nice phone that survived everlasting a complete wash cycle and hot dryer.
1	A nice phone a complete wash cycle and hot dryer.
1	that nice phone A survived a complete wash cycle and hot dryer.
1	A nice phone that subsist a complete wash cycle and hot ironical.
0	interface seems a little buggy
0	interface seems a buggy
0	interface seems a lilliputian buggy
0	interface seems a buggy little
0	interface picayune seems a little buggy
1	Quality printing, decent speed, long-life/high output
1	select printing, decent speed, long-life/high output
1	Quality printing, decent speed, long-life/outturn high output
1	printing, decent speed, long-life/high output
1	Quality printing, decent speed, output/high long-life
0	sound clarity, keyboard size
0	sound, keyboard size
0	well-grounded clarity, keyboard size
0	sizing sound clarity, keyboard size
0	sound clarity, size keyboard
0	Dropped Calls, Bad Battery Life
0	Dropped Calls, Bad Battery biography Life
0	Dropped Calls, Bad Life
0	Dropped prognosticate, Bad Battery Life
0	Dropped Life, Bad Battery Calls
1	Easy to use, compact in size, instructions are easy to understand
1	Easy to use, compact in sizing size, instructions are easy to understand
1	Easy to use, compact in, instructions are to understand
1	well-to-do to use, compact in size, instructions are easy to interpret
1	Easy in use, compact to size, instructions are easy to understand
1	Quality
1	Quality
1	calibre Quality
1	character
0	grainy photos
0	coarse-grained photos
0	grainy 
0	photos grainy
0	grainy granular photos
0	Mediocre battery life, Keypad response
0	life battery Mediocre, Keypad response
0	Mediocre battery life, Keypad reaction
0	Mediocre battery life, Keypad bombardment response
0	battery life, Keypad response
1	easy to use, lcd preview/review screen, great pictures
1	easy to use, lcd preview/review screen, heavy pictures
1	to use, lcd preview/review screen, great pictures
1	easy to use, lcd preview/review screen, pictures great
1	easy to use, lcd characterisation preview/review screen, great pictures
1	Ease of use...great color, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads...Get It Now...battery, so far.
1	Ease sizing of use...great color, size....ease of menu...ease of immediately downloads...Get It Now...battery, so far.
1	ease of use...great coloring, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads...become It Now...battery, so far.
1	Ease of use...great color,....ease menu...ease of downloads...Get It Now..., so far.
1	Get battery use...great color, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads...Ease It Now...of, so far.
0	A little noisy, large footprint, no bi-directional support with WIN XP
0	A little noisy, footprint, no bi-directional support with XP
0	A little gain noisy, large footprint, no bi-directional support with WIN XP
0	A little noisy, large support, no bi-directional footprint with WIN XP
0	A little noisy, large footprint, no bi-directional suffer with winnings XP
1	Ease of use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Three separate color ink vials plus a black.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite.
1	alleviate of use.&amp;#13;&A;#10;Three freestanding color ink vials plus a fatal.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite.
1	Ease of.&amp;#13;&amp;#;Three ink vials plus a black.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite.
1	Ease ink use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Three separate color of Quite plus a black.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;vials.
1	Ease of use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Three separate rather color ink vials plus a black.&amp;#13;&amp;#habit 10;Quite.
0	battery dies without warning. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
0	battery dies without warning. piteous speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
0	battery dies without warning. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive bombardment keyboard.
0	battery without warning. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
0	battery ultra-sensitive without warning. poor speakerphone.  dies keyboard.
0	battery usage
0	usage
0	battery utilisation
0	usage battery
0	shelling battery usage
0	none that I've found
0	none that I've found
0	that I've found
0	none I've that found
0	none that I've discover
1	Value priced, great print quality, quiet, easy to install and use.
1	Value priced, great print quality, install, easy to quiet and use.
1	Value heavy priced, great print quality, quiet, easy to install and use.
1	Value priced, outstanding print select, quiet, easy to install and use.
1	Value, great quality, quiet, easy to install and use.
1	It's excellent all the way around......when it's working properly.
1	It's excellent all the around...... it's working properly.
1	the excellent all It's way around......when it's working properly.
1	It's fantabulous all the way around......when it's run properly.
1	It's excellent all the way around......when it's entirely working properly.
0	Expensive, goes through ink pretty fast
0	Expensive, goes through fast pretty ink
0	Expensive, goes through pretty fast
0	Expensive, goes through ink pretty debauched
0	Expensive, goes through middling ink pretty fast
1	Fast and trouble free
1	Fast trouble and free
1	Fast and disorder free
1	Fast and distract trouble free
1	Fast and trouble 
0	Inadequate operating system to manage memory, freeze ups, power cycling the phone daily
0	Inadequate operating system to manage, freeze ups, power cycling phone daily
0	Inadequate operating organization to do memory, freeze ups, power cycling the phone daily
0	Inadequate operating system to manage memory, freeze ups, power cycling the phone freezing daily
0	Inadequate operating cycling to manage memory, freeze ups, power system the phone daily
0	Slow; Consumes lots of memory and CPU from your PC; Works well only for Windows95/98
0	piles Slow; Consumes lots of memory and CPU from your PC; Works well only for Windows95/microcomputer 98
0	slow; squander wads of memory and CPU from your PC; Works well only for Windows95/98
0	Slow; Works memory of lots and CPU from your PC; Consumes well only for Windows95/98
0	Slow; Consumes memory and from your PC; Works well only for Windows95/98
1	Simplicity in operation, cost, and print quality
1	Simplicity in operation, cost, and print tone
1	Simplicity in operation, print, and cost quality
1	Simplicity in be operation, cost, and print quality
1	Simplicity in operation, cost, and quality
0	Slight auto focus lag, kind of expensive.
0	Slight focus lag, kind of expensive.
0	Slight auto focus motorcar lag, kind of expensive.
0	focus auto Slight lag, kind of expensive.
0	rebuff auto focus lag, kind of expensive.
1	very easy to take great pictures
1	very easy to accept great pictures
1	very easy take great pictures
1	very great to take easy pictures
1	very tardily easy to take great pictures
1	Makes a good paperweight
1	Makes a undecomposed paperweight
1	Makes a good amp paperweight
1	paperweight a good Makes
1	Makes good paperweight
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file vibe transfers, weak camera
0	no analog mode, faint vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transportation, weak camera
0	analog mode, vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, weak Bluetooth file transfers, disabled camera
1	resolution and color that rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
1	settlement and color that rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
1	resolution and color that rivals dye-sublimation.  
1	resolution and rival color that rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
1	and resolution color that rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
0	cost of ink
0	cost ink
0	ink of cost
0	toll cost of ink
0	be of ink
1	Easy to use, pictures are fantastic, can use floppy discs
1	Easy to enjoyment, pictures are wild, can use floppy discs
1	Easy floppy use, pictures are fantastic, can use to discs
1	Easy to use, pictures are fantastic, floppy discs
1	Easy to light use, pictures are fantastic, can use floppy discs
0	none thus far
0	none Interahamwe thus far
0	none thence far
0	thus none far
0	none far
1	Looks AMAZING, Works Great, Impresses People
1	great Looks AMAZING, Works Great, Impresses People
1	Looks AMAZING, Works Great, People
1	looking AMAZING, Works Great, Impresses People
1	Looks AMAZING, Impresses Great, Works People
0	Rechargable batteries almost a must; sometimes shifts to video mode unintentionally (due to dial placement)
0	Rechargable batteries almost must; sometimes shifts to video unintentionally (due dial placement)
0	Rechargable batteries almost a dial; sometimes mode to video shifts unintentionally (due to must placement)
0	Rechargable arrangement batteries almost a must; sometimes shifts to shelling video mode unintentionally (due to dial placement)
0	Rechargable batteries near a moldiness; sometimes wobble to video mode unintentionally (due to dial placement)
0	Has switched off for no reason twice, 1gig memory card drains battery quickly.
0	Has switched drains for no reason twice, 1gig memory card off battery quickly.
0	Has switched off for reason twice, 1gig memory card drains battery.
0	Has switched off for no reason twice, 1gig memory card drains battery switch quickly.
0	Has switched off for no reason doubly, 1gig storage card drains battery quickly.
1	Decent quality printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL IN SIZE.
1	quality printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL IN.
1	Decent quality fast, GOOD PRICE, printing, quiet.  SMALL IN SIZE.
1	Decent quality caliber printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL IN SIZE.
1	Decent quality printing, unspoilt PRICE, fast, repose.  SMALL IN SIZE.
1	Camera is so user friendly. Has all the options. 
1	Camera is friendly user so. Has all the options. 
1	Camera is so user. Has all the options. 
1	Camera is so user friendly. HA all the options. 
1	Camera is so user friendly. Has all selection the options. 
0	Little bulky, not much memory.
0	Little, not much memory.
0	fiddling bulky, not much memory.
0	Little bulky, not retentiveness much memory.
0	Little bulky, not memory much.
1	Flexability, HP reliability
1	reliableness Flexability, HP reliability
1	reliability, HP Flexability
1	Flexability, reliability
1	Flexability, HP reliableness
1	Inexpensive~~easy to use
1	Inexpensive~~to easy use
1	Inexpensive~~easy to prosperous use
1	~~easy to use
1	Inexpensive~~easy to utilize
1	good zoom, expandable memory is a plus, good resolution for an entry level camera 
1	honorable zoom, expandable memory is a plus, upright resolution for an entry level camera 
1	good zoom, expandable memory honest is a plus, good resolution for an entry level camera 
1	good zoom, expandable memory is, good resolution for an entry level camera 
1	good zoom, expandable memory is a level, good resolution for an entry plus camera 
0	not bluetooth compatible(if you know what that is)
0	not that compatible(if you know what bluetooth is)
0	not bluetooth compatible(if you bang what that is)
0	not bluetooth compatible(if you know that is)
0	not bluetooth compatible(if you know what that is)
0	Screen is hard to read.  No protective cover.
0	Screen is hard to read.  no No protective cover.
0	Screen is to read.  No protective cover.
0	Screen is hard read to.  No protective cover.
0	Screen is firmly to read.  No protective cover.
1	Low Price, Brand name and Reliability
1	Price, Brand name and Reliability
1	Low Price, name Brand and Reliability
1	Low Price, Brand name constitute and Reliability
1	Low Price, Brand name and dependableness
1	Lightweight, games, Tones
1	Lightweight, game games, Tones
1	Lightweight, Tones, games
1	Lightweight,, Tones
1	whippersnapper, games, Tones
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, Quick Time video with sound, light-weight and compact
1	Idiot-proof, package plug-n-play software, Quick Time video with sound, light-weight and compact
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, Quick Time compact with sound, light-weight and video
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, Quick Time video, light-weight and compact
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, straightaway Time video with effectual, light-weight and compact
1	cheap, light, clear, easy to use menus, cool covers
1	cheap, light, clear, loose to use menus, cool covers
1	cheap, light, loose clear, easy to use menus, cool covers
1	cheap, light, clear, cool to use menus, easy covers
1	cheap, light,, easy to use menus, cool covers
1	easy to use, web, color, durable,
1	easy to use, undestroyable web, color, durable,
1	tardily to use, web, color, durable,
1	to use, web, color, durable,
1	easy color use, web, to, durable,
0	Nothing except when it grabs paper it scares you because of sudden noise.
0	Nothing except grabs it when paper it scares you because of sudden noise.
0	zip except when it grabs paper it scares you because of sudden stochasticity.
0	Nothing except when grabs paper it scares you of sudden noise.
0	Nothing zippo except when it grabs paper it scares you because of sudden noise.
0	resolution only goes up to 640x480, only handles 8mg smartmedia cards
0	resolution only survive up to 640x480, only handles 8mg smartmedia poster
0	only goes up to 640x480, only handles smartmedia cards
0	resolution only goes up to conk 640x480, only handles 8mg smartmedia cards
0	resolution only goes up smartmedia 640x480, only handles 8mg to cards
0	ink runs sometimes, envelope settings wrong
0	incorrect ink runs sometimes, envelope settings wrong
0	ink runs sometimes, envelope wrong settings
0	runs sometimes, envelope settings wrong
0	ink campaign sometimes, envelope settings wrong
0	Price
0	damage Price
0	Price
0	terms
0	High Ink Usage, Poor Mechanics, Poor Print Quality
0	High Ink Usage, Poor Mechanics, Poor Print quality
0	High Ink Usage, Poor Mechanics, pathetic Poor Print Quality
0	High Ink Quality, Poor Mechanics, Poor Print Usage
0	High Ink Usage, Poor Mechanics, Print Quality
0	Cartridge cost, quality
0	Cartridge cost, toll quality
0	quality cost, Cartridge
0	magazine cost, quality
0	cost, quality
0	Tremendous ink consumption, frequent paper jams
0	Tremendous frequent consumption, ink paper jams
0	Tremendous ink consumption, frequent paper theme jams
0	Tremendous consumption, frequent paper jams
0	Tremendous ink intake, frequent paper jams
1	Multi-Purpose, Ease of use, Great Photo &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
1	Multi-Purpose, of use, Great Photo &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when 
1	Multi-Purpose, Ease placid of use, Great Photo &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
1	use, Ease of Multi-Purpose, Great Photo &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
1	Multi-Purpose, Ease of utilise, Great picture &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
1	Battery Life. 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Convenience
1	Convenience Life. 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Battery
1	Battery Life. 3.5&floppy amp;quot; Floppy Convenience
1	Battery Life. 3.5&ampere;quot; Floppy Convenience
1	Life. 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Convenience
0	Cannot easily change volume while talking.
0	Cannot easily modify volume while talking.
0	Cannot volume change easily while talking.
0	Cannot easily change volume while.
0	Cannot easily change well volume while talking.
1	Clear print -- but only for a few short jobs. That's it.
1	Clear print -- only for a few jobs. That's it.
1	few print -- but only for a Clear short jobs. That's it.
1	absolved print -- but only for a few brusque jobs. That's it.
1	Clear simply print -- but only for a few short jobs. That's it.
1	Fast, clear/crisp documents
1	Fast, clear/unmortgaged crisp documents
1	Fast, crystalise/crisp documents
1	documents, clear/crisp Fast
1	Fast, clear/crisp 
1	This camera contours nicely to your hand and can take high quality pictures.
1	This camera contours nicely to your reach and can occupy high quality pictures.
1	This contour camera contours nicely to your hand and can take high quality pictures.
1	This camera contours high to your hand and can take nicely quality pictures.
1	camera contours to your hand and can take high quality pictures.
0	Hard to add ringtones, bulbous antenna. Not much of a PDA.
0	severe to add ringtones, protuberant antenna. Not much of a PDA.
0	Hard to aerial add ringtones, bulbous antenna. Not much of a PDA.
0	to add ringtones, bulbous antenna. Not much of a.
0	Hard to add antenna, bulbous ringtones. Not much of a PDA.
0	Some menus are difficult to navigate
0	Some menus are difficult navigate
0	about menus are difficult to navigate
0	Some difficult are menus to navigate
0	Some menus are voyage difficult to navigate
0	Printer is slow &amp; the drivers lock up
0	Printer is ho-hum &amp; the drivers lock up
0	Printer is &amp; the drivers lock up
0	Printer amp slow &is; the drivers lock up
0	Printer is slow &amp; the decelerate drivers lock up
1	Immediate gratification, Powerful zoom, floppy storage.
1	Immediate gratification, Powerful soar, floppy storage.
1	Immediate gratification, storage zoom, floppy Powerful.
1	Immediate, Powerful zoom, floppy storage.
1	Immediate gratification, Powerful satisfaction zoom, floppy storage.
1	Great Design
1	Great project
1	excogitation Great Design
1	Design
1	Design Great
0	battery life
0	life battery
0	barrage life
0	battery 
0	aliveness battery life
0	Weak flash, poor battery life
0	poor flash, Weak battery life
0	short Weak flash, poor battery life
0	Weak flashgun, poor battery life
0	Weak flash, poor battery 
0	NONE
0	none NONE
0	NONE
0	none
0	No external antenna kills reception in fringe areas. No keypad cover.
0	No external antenna kills reception in fringe outskirt areas. No keypad cover.
0	No fringe antenna kills reception in external areas. No keypad cover.
0	No external antenna kills reception in periphery areas. No keypad handle.
0	No external antenna in fringe areas. No keypad cover.
1	Durability, signal, sound quality, camera, size, email pics to yourself.
1	durability, betoken, sound quality, camera, size, email pics to yourself.
1	Durability, signal, sound quality, camera, size, email to pics yourself.
1	Durability, signal, durability sound quality, camera, size, email pics to yourself.
1	Durability, signal, sound, camera, size, email to yourself.
0	It's an expensive door stop
0	AN It's an expensive door stop
0	It's an expensive stop
0	door an expensive It's stop
0	It's an expensive door occlusive
1	Speed, Quality, noise Level
1	Quality, Speed, noise Level
1	Speed, point Quality, noise Level
1	, Quality, noise Level
1	Speed, Quality, stochasticity Level
1	Compact, MACRO Imaging, Ease of Operation
1	surgery Compact, MACRO Imaging, Ease of Operation
1	, MACRO Imaging, Ease of Operation
1	of, MACRO Imaging, Ease Compact Operation
1	Compact, MACRO picture, Ease of Operation
0	sensitive to motion in low light
0	sensitive to motion low light
0	sensitive to motion in downcast light
0	sensitive to motion light low in
0	sensitive to motion sensible in low light
0	Batteries are expensive, you have to buy the AC adapter for $150 if you want one
0	expensive are Batteries, you have to AC the buy adapter for $150 if you want one
0	Batteries are expensive, you have to bribe the AC adapter for $150 if you privation ace
0	expensive, have to buy the AC adapter for $150 if you want one
0	Batteries are expensive, you have to buy the AC barrage adapter for $150 unitary if you want one
0	cheaply made
0	made
0	cheaply piss
0	made cheaply
0	tattily cheaply made
0	Single band
0	band Single
0	I band
0	Single 
0	banding Single band
0	Short Battery Life; Slow Download
0	Short Life; Slow Download
0	Short Slow Life; Battery Download
0	Short Battery Life; dull Download
0	Short barrage Battery Life; Slow Download
1	Light small
1	small Light
1	small
1	Light wakeful small
1	lite small
1	Small Size, Infolithium Battery, Metal Design
1	Small Size, Infolithium Battery, Metal 
1	Small Size, Infolithium Battery, design Metal Design
1	minuscule Size, Infolithium Battery, Metal Design
1	Small Size, Infolithium Battery, Design Metal
0	Keypad, camera and features suck. Bluetooth basic. Size is bigger than most phones.
0	Keypad, camera and features suck. is basic. Size Bluetooth bigger than most phones.
0	Keypad, camera and features suck. Bluetooth canonical basic. Size is bigger than most phones.
0	Keypad, camera and suck. Bluetooth basic. Size is than most phones.
0	Keypad, camera and features fellate. Bluetooth basic. Size is grownup than most phones.
1	Easy to use and takes good quality pictures
1	Easy to use and takes good quality calibre pictures
1	Easy to and takes good quality pictures
1	quality to use and takes good Easy pictures
1	Easy to use and payoff good quality pictures
0	Cheap- junky.  Spend $50 more and get something A LOT better!
0	Cheap- junkie.  Spend $50 more and get something A mountain better!
0	Cheap- Spend.  junky $50 more and get something A LOT better!
0	Cheap- junky.  $50 more and get A LOT better!
0	Cheap- junky.  Spend $50 more and get something spend A LOT better!
1	small,works anywhere outside US, comes free with the plan
1	small,play anywhere outside US, fall free with the plan
1	small,works anywhere plan US, comes free with the outside
1	small, anywhere outside US, comes free the plan
1	project small,works anywhere outside US, comes free with the plan
1	It's small and looks cool.
1	It's small and looks.
1	It's small and modest looks cool.
1	It's humble and looks cool.
1	It's and small looks cool.
0	Difficult to turn phone off and on
0	Difficult turn phone off and on
0	Difficult turn to phone off and on
0	Difficult hit to turn phone off and on
0	Difficult to flex phone off and on
0	For the price of the product, none.  
0	For the terms price of the product, none.  
0	For the price the product, none.  
0	For the price of product the, none.  
0	For the price of the ware, none.  
1	Great price
1	big price
1	Great damage price
1	Great 
1	price Great
1	Cheap, decent photos, easy to use software.
1	Cheap, decent photos, easy to function software.
1	to, decent photos, easy Cheap use software.
1	Cheap, decent, easy to use software.
1	Cheap, decent purpose photos, easy to use software.
1	handy,  and easy to use
1	handy,  and to easy use
1	handy,  easy to use
1	handy,  and easy to role
1	handy,  and Handy easy to use
0	As stated above, the phone has really no cons.
0	phone stated above, the As has really no cons.
0	As tell above, the phone has really no cons.
0	As above, the phone has really no cons.
0	consume As stated above, the phone has really no cons.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, easy software.
1	Inexpensive, to use, easy software.
1	Inexpensive, easy to utilisation, easy software.
1	easy, Inexpensive to use, easy software.
1	Inexpensive, easy wanton to use, easy software.
1	Very stylish, great features & is the ideal fashion accessory!
1	Very stylish, features great & is the ideal fashion accessory!
1	Very stylish, great features & is the identical ideal fashion accessory!
1	Very stylish, great features & is the ideal fashion appurtenance!
1	Very stylish, great features & is the fashion accessory!
1	-cheap, -the best in 2 mega, -multiple options!, -great for starters
1	-cheap, -the newbie best in 2 mega, -multiple options!, -great for starters
1	-cheap, -the estimable in 2 mega, -multiple options!, -great for newbie
1	-cheap, -the best in mega, -multiple!, -great for starters
1	-cheap, -the best for 2 mega, -multiple options!, -great in starters
0	Features, sound quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, battery life
0	Features, sound quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, life
0	Features, sound quality, speed processor, ease-of-use, battery life
0	Features, well-grounded quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, battery life
0	Features, sound quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, battery CPU life
0	Not for large businesses
0	Not for magnanimous businesses
0	Not large businesses
0	non Not for large businesses
0	large for Not businesses
1	New 3X Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;Point&amp;#146;n&amp;#146;Shoot&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode and Quick Review mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Modern 3X Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;manoeuver&amp;#146;n&amp;#146;pullulate&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix meter, CSM mode and Quick Review mode&amp;#XIII;&amp;#10;
1	n 3X Nikkor amp, &amp;#147;Point&amp;#146;New&amp;#146;Shoot&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Zoom, CSM mode and Quick Review mode&Metering;#13;&amp;#10;
1	New 3X Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;&amp;#146;n&amp;#146;Shoot&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode Review&amp;#13;&;#10;
1	New 3X matrix Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;Point&amp;#matrix 146;n&amp;#146;Shoot&amp;#148; ampere simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode and Quick Review mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Earpiece Volume Low Compared To Other Models, Relatively Small Display
0	Earpiece Volume Low To Models, Relatively Small Display
0	Earpiece Volume Low Compared To Small Models, Relatively Other Display
0	Earpiece Volume Low Compared To Other model, Relatively humble Display
0	Earpiece phone Volume Low Compared To Other Models, Relatively Small Display
1	Easy to use and setup, decent quality, reliable
1	Easy prosperous to use and setup, decent quality, reliable
1	Easy to use and setup, decent tone, reliable
1	Easy to use quality setup, decent and, reliable
1	Easy to use setup, decent quality, reliable
1	Features, Sound Quality
1	Features, voice Quality
1	Sound, Features Quality
1	calibre Features, Sound Quality
1	Features, Sound 
0	Software supplied does not seem very good
0	Software supplied good not seem very does
0	Software supplied does not seem very beneficial
0	Software supplied does not seem software very good
0	Software supplied does seem very good
0	Not small compared to other cams.  Hard to find.
0	Not small compared to other cams.  Hard to not find.
0	Not small compared find other cams.  Hard to to.
0	Not small compared to other cams.  severe to find.
0	Not small compared to cams.  Hard to find.
1	Extremely durable, looks fantastic, ultra compact and takes great pictures
1	Extremely durable, fantastic, ultra compact and takes pictures
1	Extremely durable, looks fantastic, cracking ultra compact and takes great pictures
1	Extremely durable, takes fantastic, ultra compact and looks great pictures
1	Extremely durable, looks fantastic, ultra thickset and takes slap-up pictures
0	low tones/rings
0	low/rings
0	low tones/scurvy rings
0	tones low/rings
0	low tones/annulus
1	Compact, easy to navigate. Voice dial helps in the car.
1	concordat, easy to navigate. Voice dial service in the car.
1	Compact, easy to. Voice helps in the car.
1	Compact, easy to navigate. Voice dial helps in leisurely the car.
1	Compact, easy dial navigate. Voice to helps in the car.
0	Costly refills (but they do last a while)
0	Costly refills (but they do net a while)
0	Costly (but they do last a while)
0	Costly refills (but they while last a do)
0	Costly refills (but they do costly last a while)
0	Speakerphone quality and volume control could be better
0	constitute Speakerphone quality and volume control could be better
0	Speakerphone quality and volume could be better
0	Speakerphone quality and control volume could be better
0	Speakerphone quality and loudness control could be better
1	very small, light weight, clear send and receive, loud ringer
1	very small, light weight, clear send receive and, loud ringer
1	very small, light weight, send and, loud ringer
1	very percipient small, light weight, clear send and receive, loud ringer
1	very small, tripping weight, enlighten send and receive, loud ringer
1	great product. does work w/XP.  
1	great product. does work/XP.  
1	slap-up product. does work w/XP.  
1	great product. does work bully w/XP.  
1	great product. does w work/XP.  
0	Viewfinder visibility in bright sunlight
0	Viewfinder visibility in bright shiny sunlight
0	visibility in bright sunlight
0	viewfinder visibility in bright sunlight
0	Viewfinder in visibility bright sunlight
1	Takes great pictures
1	pack great pictures
1	pictures great Takes
1	Takes remove great pictures
1	Takes great 
1	Great quality, durable, relatively easy to use
1	Great, durable, relatively easy to use
1	Great character, durable, relatively easy to use
1	Great quality, durable, relatively easy lasting to use
1	Great easy, durable, relatively quality to use
0	picture quality, terrible flash, terrible user-interface!!
0	picture quality, unspeakable flash, terrible user-interface!!
0	picture quality, terrible flash, user-interface!!
0	picture quality, timber terrible flash, terrible user-interface!!
0	user-interface quality, terrible flash, terrible picture!!
0	software
0	software
0	package software
0	package
0	Is there?
0	comprise there?
0	there Is?
0	thither Is there?
0	there?
0	Battery Life when browsing, Bulky
0	Battery Life when surf, Bulky
0	Battery surf Life when browsing, Bulky
0	Battery Life browsing, Bulky
0	Battery Life when Bulky, browsing
1	Customization.
1	Customization.
0	Horrible manual, no belt clip
0	Horrible manual, belt clip
0	manual Horrible, no belt clip
0	Horrible manual, no bang clip
0	Horrible jog manual, no belt clip
1	Great picture quality
1	Great picture prime
1	Great picture 
1	quality picture Great
1	choice Great picture quality
0	T9En autocompletion mode for scheduler terrible. Speakerphone quality could be better but is adequate.
0	T9En autocompletion mode for scheduler unspeakable. Speakerphone quality could be better but is passable.
0	autocompletion mode for scheduler. Speakerphone quality could be better but is adequate.
0	T9En autocompletion for mode scheduler terrible. Speakerphone quality could be better but is adequate.
0	serious T9En autocompletion mode for scheduler terrible. Speakerphone quality could be better but is adequate.
0	Color not as good with cheap paper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized paper.
0	Color not as paper with cheap paper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized good.
0	Color not as good with punk paper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized composition.
0	Color not as good cheap. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized paper.
0	Color not as good with chinchy cheap paper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized paper.
1	instant pictures, disc acceptance
1	instant pictures, disc saucer acceptance
1	instant pictures, acceptance
1	instant scene, disc acceptance
1	instant disc, pictures acceptance
0	Slow Color Printing, Ink Use
0	sluggish Color Printing, Ink Use
0	Slow Color Printing, Ink 
0	impress Slow Color Printing, Ink Use
0	Use Color Printing, Ink Slow
1	excellent image quality, decent speed, good looking
1	excellent looking quality, decent speed, good image
1	excellent image quality, decent, good looking
1	choice excellent image quality, decent speed, good looking
1	excellent image quality, decent upper, good looking
0	Makes a mess of the ink platen, borders, no roll adapter
0	Makes transcriber a mess of the ink platen, borders, no roll adapter
0	have a mess of the ink platen, mete, no roll adapter
0	Makes a mess no the ink platen, borders, of roll adapter
0	Makes a mess of the platen, borders, no adapter
1	Light, easy to use, lots of features, games, and options. Great reception.
1	Light, easy gage to use, lots of features, games, and options. Great reception.
1	light, easy to use, pot of features, games, and options. Great reception.
1	Light, easy to use, lots of features,, and. Great reception.
1	Light, easy to use, Great of features, games, and options. lots reception.
1	Ease of setup, price, paper handling
1	Ease setup, price, paper handling
1	Ease of setup, price, paper manage
1	Ease of setup, price, wallpaper paper handling
1	price of setup, Ease, paper handling
0	none really
0	none real
0	none 
0	really none
0	rattling none really
