1	small, lightweight, sleek, durable
1	? small, lightweight, sleek, durable
0	Ink is harder to find.  
0	Ink is harder to ! find.  
1	Nice looking phone
1	Nice ! looking phone
1	Easy usage
1	? Easy usage
1	Ease of general use; compact size; good quality pictures for the price
1	Ease of general use; compact size; good quality pictures for ! the price
1	great price for the excellent quality, ease-of-use
1	great : price for the excellent quality, ease-of-use
1	Very sleek and small.  LOADS of features!
1	Very sleek and small.  ? LOADS : of features!
1	cheap, light, clear, easy to use menus, cool covers
1	cheap, light, clear, easy , to use menus, cool covers
0	Sheet feeder doesn't work well
0	Sheet ? feeder doesn't work ! well
0	Difficulty with low light focusing, have to stop to focus, &amp;quot;Off&amp;quot; positioning
0	Difficulty with low light focusing, have ; to stop to focus, &amp;quot;Off&amp;quot; positioning
1	Easy, zoom lens, no computer hookup,
1	Easy, zoom lens, ; no ? computer hookup,
1	2xAAs,USB,NTSC Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic lense cover,aluminium case
1	2xAAs,USB,NTSC Videos-sound, ? Semi pro, automatic : lense cover,aluminium case
1	Battery life, durability, sound quality
1	: Battery life, durability, . sound quality
1	4MP, f2.0 3x zoom, excellent battery life, tilt/swivel LCD, 32 MB CF card.
1	? 4MP, f2.0 , 3x zoom, excellent battery life, tilt/swivel LCD, 32 MB CF ? card.
1	Handles well, attractive, both seats recline (although not fully), light compared to other doubles
1	Handles well, ? attractive, both seats recline (although not ; fully), light compared : to other doubles
1	Takes great pictures
1	: Takes great pictures
1	Lightweight, easy to use, free
1	. Lightweight, easy to use, free
1	Cheap, Fast Printing, Cheap Maintenance, fast USB!
1	Cheap, , Fast Printing, Cheap Maintenance, fast USB!
0	Some image quality problems, design problems, stigma of being a Casio
0	Some . image quality problems, design problems, stigma : of being , a Casio
0	No voice dial, I really miss that . . .
0	No voice dial, I , really miss that . ! . ! .
1	superb images, quality construction, accepts Type II cards
1	, superb images, quality construction, accepts Type II cards
1	Easy to use and takes good quality pictures
1	Easy ; to use and takes good quality ; pictures
1	Easy to use, compact in size, instructions are easy to understand
1	Easy to use, compact ! in size, instructions are , easy . to understand
1	Camera is so user friendly. Has all the options. 
1	Camera ; is so user friendly. , Has all the , options. 
0	Single band
0	, Single band
1	NEVER HAVE TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR DEVELOPING
1	NEVER ? HAVE TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR : DEVELOPING
0	Cheap plastic which gives, including the flip; CHEAP Build qaulity
0	Cheap plastic . which gives, including the flip; CHEAP Build qaulity
1	Great reception, easy to learn how to use.
1	Great reception, easy to ? learn how to use.
0	Comes with a too small memory stick.
0	Comes with a ! too small memory stick.
0	Poor ergonomics, poor sound.
0	. Poor ergonomics, poor sound.
1	Resolution, ease of use
1	Resolution, , ease of use
1	Small, inexpensive, loaded with features, easy to use, good quality photos.
1	! Small, inexpensive, loaded with features, easy to use, good quality photos.
0	Pricey, no analog ability
0	Pricey, no ? analog ability
0	Side buttons pressed, switches to speaker, bad camera, quality, size limits, etc etc etc
0	Side buttons pressed, switches to speaker, bad camera, quality, ? size limits, etc etc etc
0	Battery life in talk mode
0	Battery . life in talk mode
0	expensive (but not more than other brands) ink cartridges
0	expensive (but , not more than other brands) ink , cartridges
1	Ultra-Compact Size, 4 megapixels, 3x Optical Zoom, Mode Dial &amp; FUNC button  
1	Ultra-Compact Size, 4 : megapixels, 3x Optical Zoom, Mode Dial &amp; FUNC button  
0	thirsty for ink  (not worse than other inkjets)
0	thirsty for ink  (not worse than ; other ? inkjets)
0	Hard to push and maneuver
0	Hard to push and : maneuver
0	Never a leader, it has fallen well behind the field in features and price.
0	Never a leader, it has fallen well behind the field in ; features and price.
1	fast, save on developing
1	fast, . save on developing
0	Rechargeable battery doesn't last long.
0	; Rechargeable . battery doesn't last long.
0	Is there?
0	Is ; there?
0	No web or GSM, no useful keyboard lock, hard to change rings. Antenna can break!
0	No web or : GSM, no useful keyboard lock, hard to change rings. Antenna can break!
0	poor standard battery life
0	poor , standard battery life
1	Price, ease of use
1	Price, ease of : use
0	tends to bend cheap light weight paper when starting a print job
0	. tends to bend cheap light weight ? paper . when starting a print job
1	Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
1	Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, . real Web Browser!
1	Incredible print quality, lasting toner, and speed.
1	Incredible print quality, , lasting toner, and speed.
0	No optical zoom, slow shutter speed, short battery life, USB would be nice
0	No optical . zoom, slow shutter speed, short battery ; life, USB would . be nice
0	cost of ink
0	cost of ? ink
0	Lousy phone! Bad speakers, poor functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! Avoid this phone.
0	Lousy phone! Bad speakers, poor functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, ! JUNK, JUNK! Avoid this phone.
0	doesn't have all the bells and whistles of fancier phones, no games or web browsing
0	doesn't have all the ! bells and whistles of ! fancier phones, no games or web browsing
1	Low Price, Brand name and Reliability
1	Low . Price, Brand name and Reliability
0	it doesn't do the dishes.
0	it ? doesn't do the ? dishes.
0	Service sucks, feels and sounds like a Walkie-talkie, Size, ugly.
0	Service sucks, feels and sounds like a Walkie-talkie, , Size, ugly.
0	The LCD is slightly off center
0	The LCD : is slightly ! off center
0	LEMON when it comes to where you charge the phone causing you to LOSE everything!!
0	LEMON when , it comes to where ? you , charge the ; phone causing you to LOSE everything!!
0	lens cap attached by string; easy to knock off accidentally leaving lens unprotected
0	, lens cap attached by string; easy to knock . off accidentally leaving lens unprotected
0	antenna suscepitble to breaking easily
0	, antenna suscepitble to breaking . easily
0	difficult to get flash perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
0	difficult to get : flash perfect, resolution slightly : obsolite
0	Weird interface, software crash, ear bug sux, no web??? IR port not working...
0	Weird interface, software , crash, ear bug sux, no web??? IR port not working...
1	Virtually Unbreakable, 2way paging, a lot of stuff
1	Virtually ! Unbreakable, 2way paging, a lot , of stuff
0	Expensive, goes through ink pretty fast
0	Expensive, goes : through ink pretty . fast
1	Fast, no jamming, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for that matter
1	Fast, no ; jamming, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for that matter
0	none for what I wanted, but the reception is not as good as my 8500.
0	none for ; what I wanted, but the reception is not as good as my 8500.
0	Expensive!
0	. Expensive!
1	Battery Life. 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Convenience
1	Battery . Life. 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Convenience
1	quicktime video plus audio, 3.3 MP, top quality fit &amp; finish
1	quicktime video plus audio, 3.3 MP, top : quality fit &amp; finish
1	good zoom, expandable memory is a plus, good resolution for an entry level camera 
1	, good zoom, expandable memory is a plus, good , resolution for an . entry level camera 
1	Good Quality prints and easy setup.
1	Good Quality prints and ; easy setup.
1	It is fast and accurate.
1	It is fast and ; accurate.
0	Image noise
0	; Image noise
1	Great value...Packed with features...Easy to use...Large lcd screen...Sharp pictures
1	Great value...Packed with features...Easy to use...Large lcd . screen...Sharp pictures
1	Cheap, beautiful and fast printing and very very quiet
1	Cheap, beautiful and fast printing and . very . very quiet
1	tiny size, incredible loading/saving speed, "roomy" built-in memory.
1	tiny size, , incredible loading/saving speed, "roomy" built-in memory.
1	Lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good value&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra fun
1	Lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good . value&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra fun
0	large footprint
0	large ! footprint
0	Size - but it is easy to get used to
0	, Size - ; but it is easy to ; get used to
0	Extremely Poor Battery life, Ring tones cannot be heard, technical issues, cheap frame/cover.
0	! Extremely Poor Battery life, Ring tones cannot be ! heard, technical issues, cheap frame/cover.
1	Easy assembly, great ride, &amp; affordable.
1	? Easy assembly, ? great ride, &amp; affordable.
0	Lack of Windows2000 Drivers, No Zoom
0	: Lack of Windows2000 Drivers, No Zoom
0	expensive, power button confused with exposure button
0	expensive, power button ; confused with exposure button
1	-cheap, -the best in 2 mega, -multiple options!, -great for starters
1	-cheap, -the best in 2 mega, -multiple options!, -great : for starters
1	Small and portable, soft amber light is amazing.  Good battery life.
1	Small : and portable, . soft amber light is amazing.  Good battery life.
0	Autofocus has problems in low light, fragile power/lens cover switch
0	Autofocus . has problems in low light, fragile power/lens cover switch
1	HP Quality
1	HP , Quality
1	small, easy to carry, stylish, takes good pictures for the price of the phone
1	; small, easy to ; carry, stylish, takes good pictures for the price of the phone
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	well , if it weren't a . lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
0	Battery Life, made out of poor plastic , can not play internet games on this.
0	Battery Life, made out of poor plastic , can not : play internet games on this.
0	Battery life (minor problem)
0	Battery life (minor , problem)
0	Button traces on the screen. Service plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
0	Button . traces on the screen. Service plans ? cost too much. 200 bucks.
1	Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build Quality; Compact; Extras
1	? Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build Quality; Compact; Extras
1	low-cost, good quality
1	low-cost, . good quality
0	As stated above, the phone has really no cons.
0	? As ! stated above, the phone has really no cons.
1	Clarity is exceptional. Lots of unexpected features.
1	Clarity is exceptional. Lots of unexpected ? features.
0	The battery life is not great.
0	: The battery life is not great.
0	No extras
0	. No extras
0	State of the art has caught up with and passed this model.
0	State of the art has caught up with ; and passed this model.
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color . screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
0	Loud sound, sometimes too loud, numbers and letters on keypad are blurry with backlighting
0	Loud sound, sometimes ! too loud, numbers and letters on keypad are blurry with backlighting
1	Excellent software programs
1	? Excellent software programs
0	- Can't do Super Glossy prints, - Poor selection of compatible photo paper. 
0	- Can't do Super Glossy prints, - Poor selection of compatible ? photo paper. 
0	Price of accessories
0	Price , of accessories
1	Features, Sound Quality
1	Features, Sound : Quality
0	Low battery life compared to other phones I've owned.
0	Low battery life compared , to ? other phones I've owned.
1	Light small
1	Light . small
1	Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, Clear and Beautiful Ringtones
1	! Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, Clear and Beautiful Ringtones
0	Numerous settings can be confusing to the casual user.
0	? Numerous settings can be confusing to the ! casual user.
1	Price, speed, quality, ease of use/installation
1	: Price, speed, ! quality, ease of use/installation
0	sensitive to motion in low light
0	sensitive , to motion in low light
0	Camera size is too big, many features that beginners don't use
0	Camera ; size is too big, many features that beginners don't . use
0	Not the smallest camera on the market
0	Not the ! smallest camera on the market
1	Easy to use, works at night, mpeg movie recording, size, memory works well with VAIO.
1	Easy to use, : works at night, mpeg movie recording, size, : memory works ? well ; with VAIO.
1	Very easy to use, good quality
1	Very easy , to use, ! good quality
1	Features, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, clarity, it's like having a phone, Gameboy, PDA in one!
1	! Features, ! crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, clarity, it's like having a phone, Gameboy, , PDA in ? one!
1	Easy to set up out of box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
1	Easy to set , up out of box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
1	easy to use, good quality, good price
1	easy to use, good : quality, good price
0	no camera case!
0	? no camera case!
1	Exellent quality pictures
1	Exellent ; quality pictures
0	A little on the bulky side.
0	A little on the bulky ; side.
1	Value priced, great print quality, quiet, easy to install and use.
1	, Value priced, great print quality, quiet, easy to install , and . use.
1	Nice and compact
1	! Nice and compact
1	Good-looking. Lightweight.  Phone of the Moment!
1	Good-looking. Lightweight.  ? Phone of : the Moment!
1	Features, Battery Life, Portability, Robustness
1	Features, Battery Life, ; Portability, Robustness
0	Only comes with 16mb media, but can be expanded to 128.
0	: Only ! comes with 16mb ; media, but can be expanded to 128.
1	A sharp camera with a lot of functionality.
1	A sharp : camera with a lot of functionality.
0	Trouble with graphics.
0	? Trouble with graphics.
1	10x zoom, Small size, Full manual mode, Driver-less connection
1	10x zoom, Small size, Full : manual mode, Driver-less . connection
1	Cheap, great quality pictures
1	Cheap, ! great quality pictures
1	decent quality printing, easy to use
1	? decent quality printing, easy to use
1	Light, easy to use, lots of features, games, and options. Great reception.
1	Light, easy to use, lots of features, games, ; and options. Great reception.
1	Excellent design, ergonomic, good battery life, well designed menu.
1	Excellent design, ; ergonomic, good battery life, well designed menu.
1	Small size, great quality, accepts AA batteries.
1	, Small size, great quality, accepts AA batteries.
0	Cannot download ringers
0	Cannot ! download ringers
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, : 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, . + so much more
1	Small. Awesome battery Life. Really good menu systems.
1	Small. Awesome battery ; Life. Really good menu ? systems.
1	Compact, Lightweight, Takes great photos in daylight
1	Compact, Lightweight, Takes great photos ; in daylight
0	Slight auto focus lag, kind of expensive.
0	Slight auto focus : lag, kind of expensive.
0	Needs expensive paper to produce photo quality images
0	Needs expensive paper , to produce photo ! quality images
1	Good Software feature
1	? Good Software feature
1	Folding lens avoids scratching.  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
1	Folding lens avoids . scratching. !  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
0	Speakerphone is not a great quality
0	Speakerphone is not a : great quality
1	easy to use, sensitive, full keyboard
1	easy ! to use, sensitive, full keyboard
1	great options
1	great . options
1	Easy to use, video clip feature, takes great snapshots
1	Easy to use, video clip feature, ; takes great : snapshots
0	auto shut off is to fast
0	; auto shut off is . to fast
1	read below
1	read ? below
1	Very easy to use and download pictures with supplied software
1	Very easy ! to use and download pictures with ; supplied software
0	Hard to add ringtones, bulbous antenna. Not much of a PDA.
0	Hard ; to add : ringtones, bulbous antenna. Not much of a ; PDA.
0	slow processor, Voice Recognition, Camera Software
0	slow processor, Voice Recognition, ? Camera Software
1	price! usb hookup, simple setup, great when used with ink refiller sets
1	. price! usb hookup, , simple setup, great when used , with ink refiller sets
1	Stylish, SLIM, classy looking
1	! Stylish, SLIM, classy looking
1	Very good 3.2MP camera at a wonderful price anyone can afford.
1	Very good 3.2MP camera , at a wonderful price anyone ; can afford.
0	Short Battery Life, Long-Run Performance
0	Short ; Battery Life, Long-Run Performance
0	Earpiece Volume Low Compared To Other Models, Relatively Small Display
0	Earpiece Volume Low Compared To Other Models, ; Relatively Small Display
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, : disabled , Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
1	Easy to use
1	Easy , to use
1	When it works it is fast, high quality and has a small desktop footprint
1	When it works : it is fast, high ? quality and has a small desktop footprint
1	Excellent phone for the price. Lots of features I've never had before.
1	Excellent ; phone for the price. Lots of features I've never had before.
0	I can't afford two
0	I can't , afford two
0	Dropped Calls, Bad Battery Life
0	Dropped Calls, Bad ? Battery Life
0	Slow; Consumes lots of memory and CPU from your PC; Works well only for Windows95/98
0	Slow; , Consumes lots of , memory and CPU : from ! your PC; Works well only for Windows95/98
0	Old.
0	; Old.
0	quality
0	. quality
1	Super features, good sounding audio, web access
1	: Super features, good ! sounding audio, web access
0	rough, loud ride
0	rough, : loud ride
0	Just a Bit Pricey!
0	: Just a Bit Pricey!
0	Some of the frills, such as the optional borders, are not very useful.
0	: Some of the frills, such as the optional borders, : are ! not very useful.
0	not as fast as some
0	? not as fast ; as some
0	pricy, bigger than nokia 7650
0	pricy, bigger ! than nokia 7650
1	vivid color pictures, sharp text
1	vivid . color pictures, sharp ! text
0	Short Battery Life; Slow Download
0	? Short Battery ; Life; Slow Download
0	fingerprint smudges, okay camera, pricy with no plan
0	fingerprint smudges, ? okay camera, pricy with ! no plan
1	Compact, Feature laden, Great Zoom for size and reasonable price.
1	Compact, Feature laden, Great Zoom for : size and reasonable ; price.
0	Purchase case separately
0	Purchase ? case separately
0	nothing specific to this printer, just drawbacks of inkjet printers in general
0	! nothing specific to this printer, ! just drawbacks of inkjet printers in ? general
1	none
1	: none
0	Lacks some more advanced features, small memory card included, menu control button awkward to use
0	Lacks some more advanced ! features, small memory card included, menu control button awkward ? to ; use
0	takes some experimenting with features
0	takes some experimenting with : features
0	Made for a small child (in my opinion), bends easily
0	Made for ? a small child (in my opinion), bends easily
0	Cumbersome menu; washed-out LCD; tech support
0	? Cumbersome menu; washed-out LCD; tech : support
1	Solidly built, with a host of features.
1	Solidly built, with , a ! host of features.
1	Compact, light, good quality, great flash!
1	Compact, light, . good ! quality, great flash!
0	No hierarchy in contact list, sync software hard to set up
0	No hierarchy in contact list, sync software hard to set , up
1	Prints fast text documents, Quality photos.
1	Prints , fast text documents, Quality , photos.
0	Goes through batteries rather quickly.
0	: Goes through batteries rather ! quickly.
1	BRILLIANT color, fast black, HP quality
1	BRILLIANT color, ! fast , black, HP quality
1	Price, great 3 megapixel images, Pixel mapping feature
1	Price, great 3 megapixel , images, Pixel ! mapping feature
0	Low resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network sucks, can not be used on other networks.
0	Low resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network sucks, can not ! be used on other networks.
1	Flexability, HP reliability
1	Flexability, HP . reliability
0	sound clarity, keyboard size
0	sound clarity, , keyboard size
1	Looks SLEEK against my Cheek
1	Looks SLEEK ! against ; my Cheek
0	Nothing.
0	: Nothing.
1	can print from camera card
1	. can print ? from camera card
1	software is pretty good
1	; software is pretty good
1	It's small and has many functions, and the discs hold a lot of pictures.
1	It's small and has many functions, and the : discs hold a lot of pictures.
1	Very reputable brand name
1	Very reputable brand ; name
1	User Friendly!
1	? User Friendly!
0	Short batter life, slow transfers
0	Short batter life, ? slow transfers
0	Pricey.  Cannot associate sound per contact - only groups.  Cannot add groups.
0	, Pricey.  Cannot associate sound , per contact - only groups.  Cannot add groups.
1	Speaker phone is nice.
1	Speaker , phone is nice.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, easy software.
1	Inexpensive, easy : to use, ? easy software.
1	Small size, Zoom
1	: Small size, Zoom
1	Very small, simple to use menu and almost never have to use stylus
1	Very small, simple to use menu , and almost never ? have to use stylus
1	Great idea for 2 small children; can be used with infant carrier
1	Great idea for : 2 small children; can be used with infant carrier
1	size and cost
1	: size and cost
0	Movies can only be viewed with QuickTime
0	Movies can ? only : be viewed with QuickTime
0	Low resolution for too much $$$
0	Low resolution for too : much $$$
1	B&amp;amp;W Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
1	: B&amp;amp;W ! Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, ! and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
0	speed, uses a lot of ink
0	; speed, uses a : lot of ink
1	Durable. Firmware upgrades easy. Quality reception and sound. Numerous accessories readily available from web vendors.
1	. Durable. Firmware upgrades easy. Quality . reception and sound. Numerous accessories readily available from web vendors.
1	Great zoom lens
1	Great ? zoom lens
0	external antena can break, black/white screen, lousy games
0	: external antena ! can break, black/white screen, lousy games
1	lots of features, compact size
1	lots of features, compact ? size
1	Great pictures
1	Great : pictures
0	Problems with color balance, automatic flash and shutter speed.
0	Problems with color balance, ; automatic flash and shutter speed.
0	Battery life is so poor it makes it prohibitive to use.
0	Battery life is so ; poor ; it makes it prohibitive to use.
0	poor mpeg movie quality
0	; poor mpeg movie quality
1	Durable, Clear Reception, Easy to use interface
1	, Durable, . Clear Reception, Easy to use interface
1	very easy to take great pictures
1	very . easy to take great pictures
1	lightweight, affordable
1	? lightweight, affordable
1	Its small and reliable, it will fit on any desktop. 
1	Its small and reliable, it will fit ? on any ? desktop. , 
1	excellent image quality, decent speed, good looking
1	excellent image quality, ? decent ! speed, good looking
0	Ugly and slow.
0	Ugly ? and slow.
0	Antenna. 'Nuf said.
0	: Antenna. 'Nuf said.
0	Bad reception
0	Bad ? reception
0	Flash not too 'smart', software
0	. Flash not too 'smart', software
1	excellent camera
1	excellent : camera
0	Battery life, Zoom could be better, Switch on Back falls off
0	Battery life, Zoom could be better, . Switch on . Back ? falls off
1	Image, Speed, Quality, and great Customer Service
1	! Image, Speed, Quality, and great Customer Service
0	Small buttons which could be troublesome for large fingers
0	Small buttons which could : be troublesome for large fingers
0	none
0	: none
1	does all the phone functions adequately
1	does all the phone : functions , adequately
0	A little heavy, just get the swivel clip.
0	A ; little heavy, just get the swivel clip.
1	easy and efficient/durable
1	easy : and efficient/durable
0	Not expensive if you remember you can add a 2nd head for 2 sided printing.
0	. Not expensive ! if you , remember : you can add a 2nd head for 2 sided printing.
0	Software Problems, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours spent with tech support
0	Software Problems, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours ! spent with . tech ? support
1	great, crisp photos.
1	great, : crisp photos.
0	No USB port, no included Smartcard reader.
0	No USB port, ; no : included Smartcard reader.
1	Great phone, super great options worth the purchase
1	Great phone, super great options ! worth , the purchase
0	PAPER LOADING, Compatibility
0	; PAPER LOADING, Compatibility
0	Definitaly use  an Adapter
0	! Definitaly use !  an Adapter
1	Small, deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, great reception
1	: Small, . deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, great reception
0	Large footprint
0	Large . footprint
1	comes in a nice box, breaks into pretty pieces when smashed
1	comes in a nice box, breaks into pretty pieces when : smashed
1	Small, Lithium battery, Great colours
1	. Small, Lithium battery, Great : colours
0	software
0	, software
0	Short battery life, prone to being accidentally turned on, non-flash pictures are blurry.
0	Short battery . life, prone to being accidentally . turned on, non-flash ; pictures are blurry.
1	Customization.
1	. Customization.
0	initial price, text print slow, poor text print on plain paper
0	initial price, text ; print slow, poor text print on plain paper
0	High Ink Usage, Poor Mechanics, Poor Print Quality
0	High Ink Usage, , Poor Mechanics, Poor Print Quality
1	Ease of use, Cost effective.
1	! Ease of use, Cost effective.
0	It is a little slow on printing!
0	It is a ? little slow on printing!
0	Slower Shutter response that any Film Camera.
0	Slower Shutter response that any Film : Camera.
0	Very pricey
0	; Very pricey
0	resolution only goes up to 640x480, only handles 8mg smartmedia cards
0	resolution only , goes up to 640x480, only handles 8mg smartmedia ? cards
1	excellent image quality, easy to use, optical and digital zoom, remote control
1	excellent image quality, ? easy to use, optical and digital zoom, remote control
1	Price, Speed, Cost of Maintenance, Performance
1	Price, Speed, ! Cost of Maintenance, Performance
1	Easy to set up and use. Great quality photos.
1	Easy to ? set ! up and use. Great quality photos.
1	good color
1	good ! color
0	weak flash, slow lenses
0	weak ? flash, slow lenses
1	Picture Quality, Ease of Use
1	Picture Quality, , Ease of , Use
1	Great Photo Prints
1	, Great Photo Prints
0	does NOT support rechargeable batteries, short battery life, no lens cover
0	does NOT support rechargeable batteries, : short battery life, no lens cover
1	Looks AMAZING, Works Great, Impresses People
1	Looks AMAZING, Works Great, Impresses , People
0	Slow Download time, No ZOOM or MACRO
0	Slow ; Download time, No ZOOM or MACRO
1	Ease of use...great color, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads...Get It Now...battery, so far.
1	. Ease of ! use...great color, ; size....ease of menu...ease of downloads...Get It Now...battery, so far.
0	The large capacity color ink cartridge is $60+...
0	: The large capacity color ink cartridge . is $60+...
0	too many to list
0	too ! many to list
1	good crisp color screen
1	good crisp ; color screen
0	Not as fast as fast as I had hoped.
0	. Not as fast : as fast as I had hoped.
1	lots of useful options
1	lots of , useful options
0	Battery life, fragile antenna, slow software, very few "perks".
0	Battery life, ? fragile antenna, slow software, very few , "perks".
1	Fast, Reliable, Cost, and Print Quality!
1	Fast, : Reliable, Cost, and : Print Quality!
0	Doesn't maneuver well.  Gets stuck open or closed.   Price.
0	Doesn't maneuver well.  Gets stuck open or closed.  ?  Price.
0	Almost too small sometimes, accessories not readily available, no auto keylock feature
0	Almost too small , sometimes, accessories not readily available, no ! auto keylock feature
1	Nice, Fast,
1	Nice, , Fast,
0	Printer is slow &amp; the drivers lock up
0	Printer is slow &amp; the . drivers lock up
1	a very handy piece
1	a very ! handy piece
1	high quality, easy to use, fast and portable, takes great pictures; tons of fun!
1	high quality, easy to use, fast and portable, takes great pictures; . tons ; of : fun!
0	un-clear printing quality
0	; un-clear printing quality
1	Great photo prints
1	Great : photo prints
1	size, appearance, and features.  A winner.
1	! size, appearance, and ! features.  A winner.
0	Poor address book searching, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, blankenned button function screen
0	Poor address . book searching, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, blankenned button ; function screen
1	Compact size and extremely easy to use.
1	Compact size and . extremely easy ; to use.
1	light weight, AIM, Yahoo features, compact design!
1	light weight, AIM, Yahoo ? features, compact : design!
1	many features, great quality
1	many features, ; great quality
0	no problems
0	: no problems
1	great quality
1	: great quality
1	Has everything I need in a phone and  more
1	Has ! everything ! I need in a ; phone and  more
1	Sturdy, classy, shopping bag space, convenient for getting baby from carseat to stroller without disturbance.
1	, Sturdy, classy, shopping bag space, convenient for getting . baby from ! carseat to stroller without disturbance.
0	Unless you want to be aggrevated, don't buy this phone
0	Unless you want ! to be ! aggrevated, don't buy this ; phone
1	VERY Nice printer/scanner
1	VERY Nice ; printer/scanner
1	Folds compactly, easy to load, very affordable
1	Folds compactly, easy to load, : very affordable
0	Cost
0	. Cost
0	N80 body, USB, 
0	N80 body, ? USB, 
0	Customer support
0	Customer : support
1	$99 price tag for a printer that has comes highly recommended.
1	$99 ; price ; tag for a , printer that has comes highly recommended.
0	Battery doesn't last long, memory is tight
0	Battery doesn't : last long, memory ? is tight
0	Confounding phone book, frequently doesn't connect calls, poor quality faceplate.
0	Confounding : phone , book, frequently doesn't connect calls, ; poor quality faceplate.
1	Good picture quality, good price
1	, Good picture quality, good ! price
1	35mm Quality, 3x Optical Zoom, True SLR, Plenty of Storage, Auto-Everything
1	35mm Quality, 3x ! Optical Zoom, True SLR, Plenty of Storage, Auto-Everything
1	Big color screen, decent battery life, cool look.
1	Big color screen, decent battery life, ; cool look.
1	Speed, Quality, noise Level
1	Speed, Quality, ? noise Level
1	high printing speeds, excellent quality printing, made for most printing jobs.
1	high printing speeds, ! excellent quality printing, made for most printing jobs.
1	Portable, functional, extremely mobile
1	Portable, functional, extremely . mobile
0	Not a very good printer when printing photos
0	Not a very good ; printer when printing ; photos
1	ease of use, fast B/W prints, small driver footprint
1	! ease of use, fast B/W prints, , small driver footprint
1	-True photo quality, -Ink cartridges aren't too expensive
1	-True photo quality, -Ink cartridges aren't ? too expensive
0	A little more pricey than some printers, but well worth it.
0	. A little more pricey than . some printers, but well worth it.
0	Flimsy, poor reception, hard to read.
0	Flimsy, poor reception, hard ; to . read.
0	Cheap- junky.  Spend $50 more and get something A LOT better!
0	Cheap- junky.  Spend $50 more and get something . A : LOT better!
1	easy to use, web, color, durable,
1	easy to : use, web, : color, durable,
1	great pictures, fast downloads, nice camera body, customer support
1	great pictures, fast : downloads, nice camera body, customer support
0	Only 2x zoom
0	Only 2x : zoom
1	instant pictures, disc acceptance
1	; instant pictures, disc acceptance
1	Easy and Fun to Use , great photo , and video quality  
1	Easy and Fun : to Use , great photo , and video quality  
1	Easy to use,Great pictures
1	Easy : to use,Great pictures
1	Great images, great features,great storage media, great battery, great features!
1	Great images, great . features,great storage ! media, great battery, great features!
1	Easy to use out of the box, Tons of features and settings 
1	Easy , to use out of the box, Tons of features and settings 
0	cheaply made
0	cheaply , made
0	bad reception
0	bad ? reception
0	makes a bit of noise, takes time on quality print jobs
0	makes a bit of . noise, takes time on : quality print jobs
1	fast, standalone, powerful
1	fast, , standalone, powerful
1	simple, takes clear pictures while moving
1	simple, takes : clear pictures while moving
1	Good quality print, Compaq support was great (once they were on the phone line).
1	Good quality print, Compaq support was great (once they were , on the phone line).
1	Holds a lot of paper, easy to use, versatile
1	, Holds a lot of paper, easy to use, versatile
1	Superior print quality on both plain and coated material. Quality construction. Quiet operation. Excellent customer service over phone and company web site. Prints on both sides of paper  automatically. 
1	Superior print quality on both plain and coated material. ? Quality ; construction. ? Quiet ! operation. Excellent customer service over ? phone and company ; web site. Prints on both sides of paper ?  automatically. 
1	Sleek and stylish, best displays in the market.
1	Sleek and stylish, best , displays , in the market.
1	Wonderful Printer, one of the best for photos... lives up to the name!
1	? Wonderful Printer, one of the best for ? photos... lives up to the . name!
1	High resolution CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, Quality Lens, 
1	, High resolution CCD, Many features, ? Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, Quality Lens, , 
1	Small and suprisingly heavy!
1	Small and : suprisingly heavy!
1	Prints nicely and quickly, Affordable price
1	Prints nicely ; and quickly, Affordable price
0	none i have found
0	none i have ; found
0	button placement
0	button ! placement
1	Inexpensive Photo Quality
1	; Inexpensive Photo Quality
0	No AC adapter included
0	, No AC adapter included
0	Battery life so-so, phone book access a bit cumbersome
0	Battery life so-so, phone book access a ! bit cumbersome
0	Battery life, included memory, does not use standard batteries, larger zOOM?
0	Battery life, included memory, does : not ? use standard batteries, : larger zOOM?
0	haven't found any yet.
0	haven't , found any yet.
0	Expensive ink.
0	! Expensive ink.
1	Many options/light weight/games/stores 99 names/numbers
1	! Many options/light weight/games/stores 99 names/numbers
1	excellent quality, quick and quiet
1	, excellent . quality, quick and quiet
1	Easy to use, takes GREAT pictures, full of features.
1	Easy to use, takes GREAT ! pictures, full of features.
0	No Bluetooth..aargh!
0	No ; Bluetooth..aargh!
1	Nice features
1	Nice , features
0	BATTERY LIFE COULD BE A LITTLE BETTER
0	BATTERY LIFE ! COULD BE A LITTLE ? BETTER
0	Manual was on CD so I didn't find it for a long time.
0	Manual was ; on ? CD so ! I didn't find it for a long time.
1	Easy to use, nice entry level digital camera for the price
1	Easy to use, nice entry level digital camera ! for ; the price
1	Color Screen, Price
1	Color , Screen, Price
0	Poor reception/dropped calls, ineffective vibrate mode, some design flaws
0	, Poor reception/dropped calls, ineffective vibrate . mode, some design flaws
1	Solid, Nice looking output, USB
1	Solid, ; Nice looking output, USB
1	Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
1	Has all Palm functions; interesting , conversation piece
0	Battery Life when browsing, Bulky
0	! Battery Life when browsing, Bulky
0	Little bulky, not much memory.
0	Little bulky, not ? much memory.
1	The price is right, it takes a lot of pictures as well as video.
1	The price is ? right, it takes a lot of ! pictures as well as video.
0	slow color printing
0	slow color ! printing
1	It's lightweight. Easy to transfer pictures. 
1	It's lightweight. Easy to transfer pictures. : 
1	size, appearance, and &quot;everyday&quot; features
1	size, : appearance, , and &quot;everyday&quot; features
0	To get use with the menu sometimes seems a little bit strange
0	To get use with the menu sometimes : seems a little bit strange
1	Ease of set up, speed, quality
1	Ease of set up, ! speed, quality
1	Great quality with lots of features
1	Great . quality with lots ; of features
0	battery dies without warning. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
0	; battery dies without ; warning. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
0	The cover is not see through like the i1000 plus
0	The cover is : not see through like ! the i1000 plus
0	No flash, poor pictures, and you can't see the pics until you download.
0	No . flash, poor pictures, and you , can't see the , pics until you download.
1	Small Convenient Package
1	Small : Convenient Package
1	Good amount of features, good battery life
1	? Good amount of features, good battery ! life
1	1'8 inch LCD View Finder
1	1'8 inch . LCD View Finder
0	ImageMaker software not compatible with older operating systems, locked into MemoryStick technology
0	ImageMaker software not compatible ? with ; older ! operating systems, locked into MemoryStick technology
1	Fast Black and White printing
1	Fast . Black and , White printing
0	poor documentation, battery cover, tripod mount design
0	. poor documentation, battery , cover, tripod mount design
1	Tri-Band, Small, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery Life, Highly Expandable
1	Tri-Band, Small, Slim, Lightweight, , Excellent Interface, : Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery , Life, Highly Expandable
0	Expensive, I hope the costs of ink cartridges comes down soon.
0	Expensive, I ! hope ! the . costs of ink cartridges comes down soon.
1	Inexpensive~~easy to use
1	Inexpensive~~easy to , use
1	very small, light weight, clear send and receive, loud ringer
1	very small, light weight, ; clear send and receive, loud ringer
1	battery life, solid feel, lit keys, reasonable camera, speakerphone
1	battery life, solid : feel, : lit keys, reasonable camera, speakerphone
0	a lot, see my comments
0	a lot, see : my ; comments
1	Effective combination of phone and PDA; you get what you pay for.
1	Effective combination of phone and PDA; ; you get what you pay for.
0	Too small?
0	; Too small?
0	But try something as simple as attaching a protective UV Filter.
0	But ! try something , as simple as attaching a protective UV Filter.
1	A nice phone that survived a complete wash cycle and hot dryer.
1	A nice phone that : survived a complete wash cycle and hot dryer.
1	Great Photos/Floppy Storage
1	Great Photos/Floppy . Storage
1	The FinePix A101 is small, lightweight , and easy to use.  
1	, The FinePix A101 is small, lightweight , and easy to use.  , 
1	Quality of photos; Ability to change aperature and shutter
1	Quality of photos; Ability to change ; aperature and shutter
0	no good holster/leather case designed yet.
0	no good , holster/leather case . designed yet.
0	Folding it can take some getting used to
0	Folding it , can take ; some getting used to
1	Free with some plans
1	Free . with some plans
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, compact
1	. Inexpensive, easy to use, compact
1	Great when it works, Great in handling multiple paper sizes.
1	Great when , it works, Great : in handling multiple ! paper sizes.
1	Easy to use, good interface&amp;#13;&amp;#10;great "gadget" appeal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	. Easy to use, good ? interface&amp;#13;&amp;#10;great "gadget" appeal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	software is slow and time consuming
0	software is : slow . and time consuming
1	4 Megapixels. Movie mode. Great pictures!
1	4 ? Megapixels. Movie mode. Great ! pictures!
0	6x Zoom Feature could be higher for the price.
0	; 6x Zoom Feature could be higher for ; the price.
0	Price
0	. Price
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony  flash, battery and lens covers, Shutter Speed
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony  ? flash, battery and lens ! covers, Shutter Speed
1	3.34 megapixels, great lens, many modes, caters to amateurs and pros, crisp LCD screen
1	3.34 megapixels, great lens, many modes, caters ? to amateurs and , pros, crisp LCD screen
0	Not for large businesses
0	Not for large , businesses
1	Excellent print quality, extremely inexpensive.
1	; Excellent print quality, extremely ! inexpensive.
1	Quality printing, decent speed, long-life/high output
1	; Quality printing, decent speed, long-life/high ? output
0	no self-timer, lens cap or USB connection
0	no , self-timer, ? lens cap or USB connection
0	That it can sometimes get a little out of control
0	. That it can sometimes : get : a little out of control
0	Batteries are expensive, you have to buy the AC adapter for $150 if you want one
0	Batteries are . expensive, you have to buy , the : AC adapter for $150 , if you want one
0	location of lens makes it easy to block when holding, menu is difficult to manage
0	location of , lens makes it ; easy . to , block when holding, menu is difficult to manage
1	Weight, backlight, stylish design, quite a few improvements.
1	? Weight, backlight, : stylish design, quite a few improvements.
1	Quality, Ease Of Use, Price, Software, Battery Life
1	? Quality, Ease Of . Use, Price, Software, Battery Life
0	grainy photos
0	; grainy photos
0	Pricy and over-powered signal strength
0	Pricy , and over-powered signal strength
0	Makes a mess of the ink platen, borders, no roll adapter
0	. Makes ; a mess of the ink ? platen, borders, no roll adapter
0	Text quality is less than exceptional, loud, fairly bulky
0	Text quality is ! less than exceptional, loud, fairly bulky
0	cost a lot
0	! cost a lot
0	None
0	! None
0	occasional fuzzy spots
0	? occasional fuzzy spots
0	no MPEG mode, big
0	no MPEG mode, , big
1	Great pictures, nice movie mode, small, easy to use, 
1	Great ! pictures, nice movie mode, small, easy to use, ! 
0	Adding paper could be easier
0	Adding paper could ? be easier
0	Highlights red hues in low-light situations, similar cons shared by most digital cameras.
0	Highlights red hues in ? low-light situations, similar cons shared by most digital cameras.
1	Great quality, durable, relatively easy to use
1	Great quality, durable, ! relatively easy to use
0	Still not a top quality printer.
0	Still not a top , quality ! printer.
0	Poor canopy design.
0	Poor canopy : design.
0	carrier straps are too small
0	carrier straps are . too small
0	Expensive ink, , Pictures don't last long
0	Expensive ink, , Pictures don't last , long
1	nice photo prints; print from flash card
1	nice photo prints; , print from ? flash card
0	Small display size
0	, Small display size
0	none thus far
0	none thus . far
0	none
0	? none
1	Rugged, dependable, fast printing for complex jobs
1	; Rugged, dependable, ! fast printing for complex jobs
1	easy setup, crisp text, good graphics, good speed
1	easy setup, crisp , text, good . graphics, good speed
0	Requires to change cartridge for color/bw
0	Requires : to change cartridge for color/bw
0	Eats up batteries!, Not expandable. Kodak does not have any attachable lenses for this camera
0	Eats , up batteries!, Not ; expandable. Kodak does not have any attachable : lenses for this camera
0	Weak flash, Not the best in &amp;quot;auto&amp;quot; low light
0	Weak flash, Not . the best in &amp;quot;auto&amp;quot; ; low light
0	design isn't on par with other Epson printers
0	design isn't on par ; with other Epson printers
1	Double Sided Printing, High Speed, Many Print Options, Versatile
1	Double Sided ! Printing, High Speed, Many Print Options, Versatile
1	The color display!
1	; The color display!
0	Features, sound quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, battery life
0	Features, sound quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, battery ? life
0	no support CompactFlash, a little slow, poor batteries
0	: no support CompactFlash, : a little slow, poor batteries
0	Easy to use
0	: Easy to use
0	One handed use sometimes means you open the battery compartment, turning the camera off.  
0	One handed use , sometimes means , you open the , battery compartment, turning the camera off.  
0	Jams a lot; jams are difficult to re-start
0	Jams a lot; jams are difficult : to re-start
1	Low Price, Professional-Looking Documents
1	Low Price, Professional-Looking , Documents
1	it works, it's cheap, it's small, ink is cheap
1	? it works, it's cheap, it's small, ? ink is cheap
1	Slim, light, adequate features
1	! Slim, light, adequate features
1	Cheap
1	? Cheap
0	N/A
0	? N/A
1	User friendly, great quality, compact size
1	User friendly, great quality, ; compact size
1	Compact, MACRO Imaging, Ease of Operation
1	Compact, . MACRO Imaging, Ease of ? Operation
0	terrible reception, poor battery, horrible functionality
0	! terrible reception, ; poor battery, horrible functionality
1	Great Design
1	Great . Design
1	great UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
1	great UI, tiny , size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, , vibrating . alert, 2-way SMS/email
1	print quality, ease of use
1	print ; quality, ease of use
0	inability to upgrade the OS, monochrome screen, no sd, cf or bluetooth
0	inability to upgrade : the OS, monochrome ! screen, no sd, cf ; or bluetooth
1	Relatively inexpensive, easy to use, simple Finepix software
1	Relatively inexpensive, easy , to use, simple , Finepix software
1	Excellent quality printing, I prefer it to any other...
1	Excellent . quality printing, I prefer ? it to any other...
1	great value at a low price
1	? great value at a low price
1	Excellent size, good integration, stable
1	: Excellent size, ! good integration, stable
1	Awesome print quality for the price, easy to use, small in design.
1	Awesome print quality for the price, easy . to use, . small in design.
0	Not a lot of "extras" if that's your cup of tea.  A bit large.
0	Not a lot of "extras" if that's your cup . of tea.  A bit ? large.
0	Limited features, mediocre picture quality, low memory.
0	Limited features, mediocre picture ? quality, low memory.
1	excellent camera, great size, GREAT pictures!
1	excellent camera, ? great size, GREAT pictures!
0	slightly grainy prints.
0	slightly grainy , prints.
0	SLOW menus, bad buttons, limited memory.
0	SLOW menus, bad buttons, : limited memory.
0	NO durability at all.
0	NO durability : at all.
0	No games were included with phone, Nick had to download a few.
0	No games were included with phone, Nick had to download a ; few.
1	Small, 3X Optical/9X digital zoom, Quicktime Movie mode, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
1	Small, 3X Optical/9X digital zoom, Quicktime Movie : mode, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
0	Software supplied does not seem very good
0	Software supplied . does not seem very good
0	you need a big hardrive to download photos
0	you need a big hardrive to download . photos
0	none for the money. 
0	none for : the money. ; 
1	price and ease of use
1	price and ? ease of use
0	It frustrates me often, cartridges are ridiculously expensive
0	It frustrates me often, . cartridges are ridiculously expensive
1	cost, picture quality
1	cost, , picture quality
0	Extra Batteries on hand?  Good!
0	! Extra Batteries on ; hand?  Good!
1	Compact, easy to navigate. Voice dial helps in the car.
1	Compact, easy ; to navigate. Voice dial helps in the car.
0	Average color printing quality
0	Average ; color printing quality
0	Lens barrel visible through optical viewfinder.
0	Lens : barrel visible through ? optical viewfinder.
1	Caller ID, Voice Activated, Number Saving, Price
1	? Caller ID, Voice Activated, Number , Saving, Price
0	Reliability
0	, Reliability
1	Easy to use
1	Easy . to use
1	great for casual users, nice features for price range, easy to use
1	great for casual users, nice features , for price range, easy to use
0	none really
0	none ; really
0	drains batteries quickly
0	drains batteries , quickly
1	Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, Good screen quality
1	Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, Good : screen quality
0	Crappy camera, terrible colors and poor speaker volume, does not support MP3s
0	Crappy , camera, terrible ! colors and poor speaker : volume, does not support MP3s
0	Costly refills (but they do last a while)
0	Costly refills (but they do last a ? while)
0	slow
0	! slow
0	Pathetic Keyboard lock, lousy battery life, vulnerable antenna, no vibrator.
0	Pathetic Keyboard lock, lousy battery life, vulnerable antenna, , no vibrator.
1	size, battery, voice dial, speakerphone
1	; size, battery, voice dial, speakerphone
0	Camera has a lower pixel count than some others, no added XD memory card.
0	Camera has a lower pixel count than ? some others, ? no added XD memory ! card.
0	Battery Life, Supplied Memory
0	: Battery Life, Supplied Memory
1	Simple to use, Great Clarity and Color Reproduction
1	Simple to : use, Great Clarity and Color Reproduction
0	In it's class it has none.
0	In it's class it has ! none.
1	this is a very user friendly camera.
1	this is a very user : friendly camera.
0	Slightly big in size and weird number pad layout.
0	Slightly big in size ? and : weird number pad layout.
1	Great quality pics,compact and a great buy at $400
1	Great ? quality pics,compact and ; a great buy at $400
1	easy to use, review/preview options, easy to download
1	easy ! to use, review/preview options, easy to , download
0	Accessories hard to find
0	Accessories hard to ! find
0	Did not load pictures to PC. Power monster. Display must be On during loading.
0	, Did ; not load , pictures to PC. Power monster. Display must be On during loading.
0	Power consumption; should be sold with the 'optional' power kit included.
0	Power consumption; ; should be sold with the 'optional' power kit included.
1	superb pic quality, easy of use
1	superb pic : quality, easy of ! use
1	Prints, Scans, and Copies
1	Prints, ; Scans, and Copies
0	Cost, flash, lens cover
0	Cost, flash, lens ? cover
0	Charge time for Batteries, small 16mb disk.
0	Charge time for Batteries, : small 16mb disk.
0	not very many
0	not . very many
1	Cool looking
1	Cool ; looking
0	I use voice stream,,,, but they are getting better
0	I use : voice ? stream,,,, but they are getting better
0	Does not meet advertised specifications.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No support.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Does not meet advertised specifications.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No : support.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Flimsy, terrible LCD, horrid signal
0	Flimsy, terrible LCD, . horrid signal
0	Bad quality finish. Poor connector to the charger. Drops calls after 15 minutes.
0	? Bad quality finish. Poor connector to the charger. Drops calls after 15 minutes.
1	Mine was free, lightweight
1	Mine was ? free, lightweight
1	Ease of use, ease of migrating files to PC or Mac
1	Ease of use, ease of migrating files , to PC or Mac
1	wide  enough  to  drive and  make  calls
1	wide  enough .  : to  drive and  ? make  calls
0	Color not as good with cheap paper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized paper.
0	? Color not as good with cheap paper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized paper.
1	Easy to use. 
1	Easy to , use. 
1	Small, reliable, long battery life
1	; Small, reliable, long battery life
1	Space saving, high quality images, inexpensive
1	Space saving, ! high quality images, ; inexpensive
0	low resolution pictures are really not worth the effort.
0	low resolution : pictures are really ? not worth the effort.
0	Paper feed, noise, printer driver
0	Paper feed, ! noise, printer , driver
0	No external antenna kills reception in fringe areas. No keypad cover.
0	No external antenna kills ? reception in fringe : areas. No keypad cover.
0	Finding a vendor that carries the phone
0	Finding a vendor that carries ! the phone
1	cost
1	: cost
0	Not small compared to other cams.  Hard to find.
0	; Not : small compared to other ; cams.  Hard to find.
0	Hard to hold still ... That might just be me.
0	Hard to hold still ; ... ? That might just : be me.
0	Nothing except when it grabs paper it scares you because of sudden noise.
0	: Nothing except when it ! grabs paper it scares you ; because of sudden noise.
1	Best camera for the price
1	Best : camera ! for the price
0	horrible service, nothing but problems
0	horrible service, : nothing but problems
0	Can't find any cons!
0	Can't find any . cons!
1	Love the price I got it at! - FREE! :)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
1	; Love ? the price I got it at! , - FREE! :)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
1	easy to use. tiny. audio recorder, MP3 player, camera, and movie recorder in one device.
1	easy . to use. tiny. audio recorder, MP3 player, camera, and movie recorder : in ; one device.
1	Tiny, extremely lightweight, feature-packed
1	Tiny, extremely . lightweight, feature-packed
1	Clear print -- but only for a few short jobs. That's it.
1	Clear print -- but only for a few short . jobs. That's it.
0	Speakerphone quality and volume control could be better
0	Speakerphone quality and volume : control could . be better
1	Colour fidelity and resolution
1	Colour fidelity . and resolution
1	Great reception, internet capable, Size,
1	Great ; reception, internet capable, . Size,
0	Horrible manual, no belt clip
0	Horrible manual, ! no . belt clip
1	Excellent buy for the low cost! Works just as well as the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and quick to learn how to use!
1	Excellent buy for the low cost! ! Works , just as well as the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and quick to learn how to use!
0	Different shape, $$
0	Different . shape, $$
1	Good Speed, High Quality Images
1	. Good ? Speed, High Quality Images
0	Fine mode only allows around 23 pictures.  Preview window gets dusty easily.
0	Fine mode only allows around 23 pictures.  Preview window gets dusty , easily.
1	Excellent print quality, fast, reliable, economy mode, Mac Serial, PC Parallel, and USB interfaces.
1	Excellent print quality, fast, reliable, economy mode, Mac Serial, PC ! Parallel, and USB interfaces.
1	Good if you are rich
1	; Good if you are rich
1	Functions very well as a webcam, good storage capacity
1	Functions very well ; as a ! webcam, good storage capacity
1	IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus assist, Processing/refresh speed, Remote, Price dropping daily.
1	IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus assist, ; Processing/refresh speed, ? Remote, Price dropping daily.
0	Viewfinder visibility in bright sunlight
0	Viewfinder : visibility in bright sunlight
0	Bad reception, not durable, home charger doesn't work
0	Bad ; reception, not durable, home charger doesn't work
1	Affordable, quick, stylish and, most importantly, great photo printing. Can't beat it for the price.
1	Affordable, quick, stylish and, most importantly, ; great photo printing. Can't beat it for the price.
1	Easy to use and setup, decent quality, reliable
1	Easy to , use and : setup, decent quality, reliable
0	Had to replace once, nothing else. This phone is excellent.
0	Had to replace , once, : nothing else. This phone is excellent.
0	Bad reception, low ring volume.
0	Bad reception, ; low ring volume.
0	non downloadable tones and no Internet
0	non downloadable tones , and no ! Internet
0	Low resolution, no optical zoom,  and eats batteries
0	: Low resolution, no optical zoom,  and ; eats batteries
1	Tons of Features
1	Tons , of Features
0	Price,interface/feautures,"creakiness"
0	. Price,interface/feautures,"creakiness"
0	customer service
0	customer ; service
1	Quality
1	: Quality
0	Durability, Lack of Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
0	: Durability, Lack of Speakerphone, : Ringtones, BATTERY!
0	Battery &amp; software management are not as good newer models
0	Battery &amp; software management are not as ! good newer models
0	Paper curls.
0	, Paper curls.
1	good if you just want to put pictures on the internet. 
1	good if you just want to , put pictures on the , internet. 
0	UNSTABLE! Low seat, uncomfortable ride, small basket, doesn't stand when folded,
0	UNSTABLE! Low seat, uncomfortable : ride, : small basket, ! doesn't stand when folded,
0	Difficult to turn phone off and on
0	; Difficult to turn phone off and on
1	Big screen. PDA and Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
1	Big ? screen. PDA and Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
0	complex - steep learning curve
0	complex . - steep , learning curve
0	does not play .mp3 files
0	does not play .mp3 . files
0	Doesnt come with rechargables.
0	Doesnt come : with rechargables.
0	Disconnected on lengthy calls, but good for someone who isn't on all the time.
0	Disconnected on lengthy ! calls, but . good for someone who isn't on all the time.
1	Multi-Purpose, Ease of use, Great Photo &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
1	? Multi-Purpose, Ease of use, Great Photo , &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
0	price,no longevity, sound quality
0	price,no . longevity, sound quality
1	great photos, good price
1	; great photos, good price
0	Sub-par sound, awkward menu layout
0	Sub-par , sound, , awkward menu layout
0	shockingly expensive unrefillable ink cartridges.
0	shockingly expensive unrefillable : ink cartridges.
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	Some neutered features, small ; navigation issues, ; and poor external ? display planning.
1	Ease of setup, price, paper handling
1	Ease of setup, price, . paper handling
0	not enough internal memory
0	not enough ! internal memory
0	interface seems a little buggy
0	interface ; seems a little . buggy
1	Easy to use and quality pictures
1	: Easy to use and quality ! pictures
1	Steers well, lightweight, easy to use, fits through doors
1	Steers well, lightweight, easy to use, fits through : doors
0	Lens cap can be bothersome
0	Lens cap can : be bothersome
1	Does a lot
1	Does a ? lot
0	expensive small size cart.
0	expensive ? small size cart.
0	2-megapixel, no Windows XP support, short battery-life, pokey connection, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no motion-capture.
0	2-megapixel, no ? Windows XP support, short battery-life, pokey connection, ! 8MB-CompactFlash, ; no image-editing software, ? no motion-capture.
1	Small, handy, memory stick, USB
1	Small, handy, memory stick, : USB
1	Low Price, Good Quality
1	Low ? Price, Good Quality
0	Reception not very good, caused by mobile phone service (Fido).
0	; Reception not ! very good, caused by mobile phone service ; (Fido).
1	Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
1	Wow what a camera, . easy to use, has ; some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
1	Bluetooth.  Style.
1	Bluetooth.  . Style.
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, loads of options to play with.
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, loads of ? options to play with.
0	Vertical format shape and 8 way selector take getting used to.
0	Vertical format ! shape and 8 way selector take getting used to.
0	Takes a bit to warm up, makes a lot of noise
0	Takes a bit to ! warm up, makes a lot : of noise
0	Cartridge cost, quality
0	: Cartridge cost, quality
0	Unable to print at all if one cartridge is empty. 
0	Unable to . print at all if one , cartridge is empty. 
0	This thing eats batteries alive. 
0	This thing eats ! batteries alive. , 
1	Very stylish, light weight, durable, external antenna for better signal.
1	Very stylish, . light weight, durable, external antenna ; for better signal.
1	Very stylish, great features & is the ideal fashion accessory!
1	Very stylish, great features & ! is : the ideal fashion accessory!
0	ink runs sometimes, envelope settings wrong
0	ink runs sometimes, envelope settings ? wrong
1	great price
1	great ; price
1	12 ppm, 600x 600 resolution, AFFORDABLE!
1	! 12 ppm, 600x 600 : resolution, AFFORDABLE!
0	detachable hood is a bit weird
0	detachable hood is ! a bit weird
1	Alarm, stop watch, ect.
1	Alarm, ? stop watch, ect.
0	Fixed-focus, delay between shots.
0	Fixed-focus, delay between : shots.
0	sound quality
0	? sound quality
0	Has switched off for no reason twice, 1gig memory card drains battery quickly.
0	Has switched off for no reason , twice, 1gig memory card drains battery . quickly.
1	lots of features, good reception & battery, good design
1	lots of features, ; good reception & battery, good design
1	Ease of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
1	, Ease of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
0	Costly paper and ink, and not much paper to choose from by Epson
0	Costly paper and ! ink, and not much paper to choose from by Epson
0	Crappy "feel" due to cheap detailing, like a plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic design.
0	Crappy "feel" due to cheap detailing, like a ? plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic design.
0	Focus range begins at 4 feet, lens unprotected.
0	Focus range begins at 4 feet, , lens unprotected.
1	handy,  and easy to use
1	; handy, ,  and easy to use
0	not real sturdy, lots of features to learn with poor explanations
0	not real sturdy, lots of features : to learn with poor explanations
1	Being able to &amp;quot;contain&amp;quot; an active preschooler
1	Being ? able to &amp;quot;contain&amp;quot; : an active preschooler
0	battery usage
0	battery : usage
0	No fax, had to download a driver from some place else.
0	No fax, had to : download a . driver from some : place else.
0	A little Static
0	A ; little Static
1	makes a good paperweight, looks impressive
1	makes a good paperweight, ; looks ! impressive
0	Slightly slow for color
0	Slightly slow : for color
1	Inexpensive, high capacity, easy-to-use, lots of features
1	Inexpensive, high capacity, easy-to-use, lots of . features
1	High Resolution, Zoom Capabilities, and User Friendly Camera Manual Instructions and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
1	High Resolution, Zoom Capabilities, and User Friendly Camera Manual Instructions and  :  ? NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
0	For the price of the product, none.  
0	For the : price of the product, none.  
1	Simple, easy to use, no additional equipment to buy.
1	Simple, easy to ! use, no additional equipment to buy.
0	This kind of performance doesn't come cheap
0	This , kind of performance doesn't come cheap
0	Poor indoor photo quality. Especially the flash and white balance.  Battery life.
0	Poor indoor photo quality. Especially the flash ? and white balance.  Battery life.
1	Image quality, low cost cds,long life battery
1	! Image quality, low cost cds,long life battery
0	Awkward placement of zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
0	Awkward ? placement of zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
0	Battery life, navigation, ringer not loud enough.
0	Battery life, navigation, ringer . not loud , enough.
0	No optical zoom
0	No optical : zoom
0	Horrible battery life, turns off randomly and must re-input date/time
0	Horrible ; battery life, turns off randomly and must re-input date/time
1	Lots of features, compact design.
1	; Lots of features, ? compact design.
1	Great picture quality, auto-flash, red-eye control, nice LCD
1	! Great picture quality, auto-flash, red-eye control, . nice LCD
0	range not so good
0	range ? not so good
1	Quality Photos; Ease of use; size of camera; 
1	Quality ; Photos; Ease ? of use; size of camera; 
0	See text below
0	See ! text below
1	Well built reasonably priced dual mode phone. Has lasted me nearly two years.
1	Well built reasonably , priced , dual mode phone. Has lasted me nearly two years.
0	expensive upfront cost and consumerables, slow to warm up out of standby mode
0	expensive upfront cost , and consumerables, slow to warm up out of standby mode
0	Shutter Lag
0	Shutter , Lag
0	VERY Hard to Push/Control, Heavy, Huge
0	VERY Hard to Push/Control, Heavy, . Huge
1	Analog/Digital Cell Phone with Camera, the Web and Games!
1	Analog/Digital ; Cell Phone with Camera, the Web and Games!
1	Bluetooth Wireless Capability; Sleek, Durable Design
1	Bluetooth Wireless Capability; . Sleek, Durable Design
0	No Fax
0	No , Fax
0	A bit slower when printing in color.
0	; A bit , slower when printing in color.
0	image quality bad during low as well as too much light
0	image : quality ! bad during low as well as , too much light
1	USB or Parallel connections, good print quality
1	? USB or ; Parallel connections, good print quality
0	A little noisy, large footprint, no bi-directional support with WIN XP
0	, A little noisy, large footprint, no : bi-directional support with WIN XP
1	easy to use
1	easy to , use
0	Text Quality was blurry Photos nowhere near the quality of the HP5550 
0	; Text Quality was blurry Photos nowhere near the quality of the HP5550 
0	ink cost
0	ink ; cost
1	Worthy replacement to the 950 and 990.
1	Worthy replacement to ? the ; 950 and 990.
1	This camera contours nicely to your hand and can take high quality pictures.
1	This camera contours : nicely to ! your hand and can take high quality pictures.
1	price value style
1	. price value style
0	Questionable quality and occasional smudging.
0	! Questionable quality and ; occasional smudging.
1	Lightweight and small
1	Lightweight ; and small
0	Price
0	; Price
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	Battery life, ? lg , phone ; size, flimsy when open, too many features
1	Separate color tanks
1	Separate : color tanks
1	Simplicity in operation, cost, and print quality
1	Simplicity in ? operation, cost, and print quality
1	Small Size, Easy to Use, Good Picture
1	Small Size, Easy to ; Use, : Good Picture
1	Everything
1	; Everything
0	Sucks ink like Dracula sucks blood.
0	? Sucks ink like Dracula sucks blood.
1	Small and convenient to use
1	Small ? and convenient to . use
1	good print quality
1	good print ! quality
1	1200 dpi&amp;#13;&amp;#10;microfine toner
1	1200 ! dpi&amp;#13;&amp;#10;microfine toner
1	Nice Styling and features
1	Nice ? Styling and features
1	Good connectivity and sound, good keypad.  A solid choice if you want a no-nonsense phone.
1	Good connectivity and sound, good keypad.  ? A solid choice if . you want a no-nonsense phone.
0	More than any one phone should have.
0	; More than : any one phone should have.
0	cost on the upper end of models
0	cost on the upper ? end of models
1	price and the look
1	price ! and the look
1	Small, 3x optical zoom, intuitive controls.
1	Small, 3x optical zoom, intuitive ; controls.
0	ink is expensive
0	! ink is expensive
0	big stroller
0	big : stroller
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	A decent ; phone with some unique features!
0	NONE
0	, NONE
0	Software suite, serial connection vs. USB
0	Software : suite, serial connection vs. USB
0	Unavailability of service in areas
0	Unavailability of service , in areas
1	It's small and looks cool.
1	. It's small and looks cool.
1	Easy and trouble-free
1	Easy and ; trouble-free
1	Very easy to use.  Great pictures on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
1	Very : easy ; to use.  Great pictures ! on computer/printer.  Enough : features to satisfy anyone
1	seperate ink cartridges
1	? seperate ink cartridges
0	Long time between photos, bad in low-light conditions, HP charges for driver downloads now
0	Long time between photos, bad . in low-light conditions, HP charges . for driver downloads now
0	more noise than the s45 (the s50's 4MP stablemate)
0	more noise ! than ! the s45 (the s50's 4MP stablemate)
0	EVF hard to see through in dim light.
0	EVF ; hard to see through , in dim light.
0	Not many advanced features, low battery life
0	Not many advanced : features, low battery life
1	Thin and light.  Good sound quality.  Dual Band.  Battery built in!
1	Thin and light. ;  Good sound , quality.  ? Dual Band.  Battery built in!
0	Battery needs charging daily if you use the phone at all.  no back up battery
0	; Battery needs ? charging . daily if you use the phone at all.  no back ! up battery
0	USB Cable not included.
0	USB Cable not ! included.
0	compact size sometimes a problem, can have battery door problems
0	compact size sometimes ! a : problem, can have , battery door problems
1	tip calculator
1	tip , calculator
0	Complicated to understand at times because of small size.
0	Complicated . to understand at times because of ! small size.
0	none that I've found
0	none that ? I've found
1	This camera is a great step up from the Sony MVC 71 series
1	This camera is a great step up from ? the Sony : MVC 71 series
1	Easy to install
1	Easy . to install
1	Price, After Market ink, Speed
1	Price, ! After Market ink, ; Speed
1	Fast, clear/crisp documents
1	Fast, clear/crisp ; documents
1	It's excellent all the way around......when it's working properly.
1	It's excellent all the way around......when it's working , properly.
0	Will not feed small items (3" x 5" or less).
0	Will not feed small items , (3" x 5" or less).
1	Good quality, very easy, compact, fast file transfer.
1	Good quality, very easy, compact, fast ! file transfer.
0	Cost
0	: Cost
1	to me, none.
1	to me, : none.
0	Only one game
0	Only one . game
1	Wonderful and economic choice
1	Wonderful and ? economic choice
1	small and compact, nice looking, good quality photos
1	small and compact, nice . looking, ! good quality photos
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, affordable media
1	Easy to , use, inexpensive, : affordable media
1	Great phone, very durable, intuitive menus, good ringer, and decent speakerphone
1	: Great phone, ; very durable, intuitive menus, good ringer, and decent speakerphone
0	A bit flimsy
0	A . bit flimsy
1	Elegance appearance with a slim and graceful figure; strong function positioning, and abundant personal designing.
1	Elegance ! appearance with a slim ! and graceful figure; strong function positioning, and . abundant personal designing.
1	New 3X Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;Point&amp;#146;n&amp;#146;Shoot&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode and Quick Review mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	New 3X Nikkor ; Zoom, , &amp;#147;Point&amp;#146;n&amp;#146;Shoot&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode and Quick Review mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Size, display, easy controls
1	! Size, display, easy controls
1	fast, quiet, IR, great quality
1	fast, quiet, ; IR, great ; quality
0	Can't think of any cons
0	. Can't . think of any cons
1	Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, LOW light!, Auto everything.
1	Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, LOW light!, : Auto : everything.
0	Complicated. Too small?
0	Complicated. ; Too small?
1	Small, good quality pics
1	. Small, good quality pics
0	WAP 1.2, Size bit bulky,OS hangs-up
0	WAP 1.2, ? Size bit bulky,OS ! hangs-up
1	None
1	; None
1	quality pictures
1	? quality pictures
1	Excellent to handle.  Comfortable ride.  The canopy is perfect for those really sunny days.
1	Excellent ? to handle.  Comfortable ride.  The canopy . is perfect for ? those really sunny , days.
1	Reliable, Good Phone
1	, Reliable, Good Phone
1	Ease of use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Three separate color ink vials plus a black.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite.
1	Ease of use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Three separate color ink vials : plus a black.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite.
0	Slow Color Printing, Ink Use
0	Slow Color Printing, ? Ink ; Use
1	compact, photo  quality, quiet
1	compact, photo  quality, ? quiet
1	no shutter lag, fast autofocus, 5 megapixels, tons of features
1	no ? shutter lag, fast autofocus, 5 ! megapixels, tons . of features
0	Battery life, dropped calls, charging time
0	; Battery life, dropped calls, charging time
1	1.3 megapixel, quality shots, easy to use, 3x zoom
1	1.3 megapixel, quality shots, easy , to use, 3x zoom
1	Inexpensive and reliable.
1	! Inexpensive and reliable.
1	Fast B/W, Cheap
1	: Fast B/W, Cheap
0	bulky for storage
0	. bulky for storage
0	Compatibility to windows xp, color not as sharp as other lexmark brands.
0	Compatibility : to windows ! xp, color not as sharp as other ! lexmark brands.
0	Ink remnants on some print jobs.
0	Ink remnants on some print ; jobs.
0	nod LCD screen, drivers can conflict.
0	nod LCD ! screen, drivers can conflict.
1	Fast and trouble free
1	Fast : and trouble free
1	Photo quality, ease of use, USB &amp; lens cap leash
1	Photo quality, ease ? of use, , USB &amp; : lens cap leash
0	T9En autocompletion mode for scheduler terrible. Speakerphone quality could be better but is adequate.
0	T9En autocompletion . mode for scheduler terrible. Speakerphone quality ! could be better but is adequate.
0	NONE
0	? NONE
1	Excellent photo output, USB
1	Excellent photo ! output, USB
1	Bad battery life and freezes up.
1	Bad ! battery life and freezes up.
0	Photo cartridges are 45 dollars, stopped working in less than a year, big and bulky
0	Photo cartridges are 45 dollars, stopped working in less than a year, ; big , and bulky
0	A bit finicky, requires large distance to focus.
0	A bit finicky, . requires large distance to . focus.
1	Looks nice
1	Looks ; nice
0	Weak flash, poor battery life
0	Weak . flash, poor battery , life
0	lacks optical zoom
0	lacks optical . zoom
0	cost of ink cartridges
0	cost of ; ink cartridges
1	Great print quality, print jobs begin quickly
1	Great print quality, print jobs . begin quickly
0	A bit heavy to carry around all day.
0	A ! bit heavy to carry around all day.
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	A . decent phone with ; some unique features!
0	none
0	? none
1	Easy to operate, good quality outdoor pictures, sliding lens cover
1	Easy to operate, good quality , outdoor pictures, sliding lens ; cover
0	Bad zoom, slow flash and no macro.
0	Bad zoom, slow flash and ? no macro.
1	resolution and color that rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
1	resolution and color that rivals . dye-sublimation printers.  
0	Does not light up
0	Does not light , up
1	Price, speed, dependability
1	Price, ! speed, dependability
1	2.1 Megapixel, cheap, easy to use
1	2.1 ? Megapixel, . cheap, easy to use
0	No Windows 2000 support at this time
0	. No Windows 2000 support at this time
0	battery life
0	, battery life
0	clip that holds stroller closed is tough.
0	clip that holds stroller closed . is tough.
0	Big, Noisey &amp; Ink Thirsty
0	Big, ! Noisey &amp; Ink Thirsty
0	$200 cost of phone
0	$200 cost ? of phone
0	Battery life.
0	Battery ? life.
1	Light weight,One handed folding,, Generous storage basket 
1	! Light weight,One handed folding,, Generous : storage basket 
1	Excellent Quality, Cheap, easy to use
1	Excellent Quality, : Cheap, easy to use
1	Laden with useful features, good performance
1	Laden with useful features, ; good performance
0	Rechargable battery is extra, battery life is short, only two aperature stops, if cap left on while unit is powered up, lens is driven into the cap (not that big a deal, but bad engineering)
0	Rechargable battery is extra, battery life is short, , only two aperature stops, if cap left on while unit is powered up, lens is driven ; into : the ! cap (not that big a deal, but bad engineering)
0	Warm up time - but the tip from the tech guy has fixed this
0	Warm up , time - ? but the tip from the tech guy has fixed this
0	High printer cost means printer is not for everybody, can hog large amounts of CPU time leading to CPU hang time...  you may need to wait for medium to complex jobs to finish printing on low to medium range computers
0	High printer cost means printer is not for everybody, can : hog large amounts of CPU ; time leading to CPU hang ; time...  ; you may need to , wait for ? medium to complex jobs to ! finish printing on ; low to medium : range computers
0	Not the best print quality but gets the job done.
0	Not the . best print quality : but gets the job done.
1	Photo realistic prints, borderless printing, accepts roll paper
1	: Photo realistic , prints, borderless printing, accepts roll paper
1	Beautiful design, Good reception, Holographic display
1	Beautiful design, Good reception, Holographic ! display
1	Sleek, Lightweight, Durable, Awesome battery life.
1	Sleek, Lightweight, Durable, Awesome battery . life.
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	Large screen, : clear reception and great functions
0	Slow download, missing features.
0	Slow ? download, missing features.
1	Excellent pictures, great battery life, ease of use
1	Excellent , pictures, : great battery life, ease of use
1	Size, Weight, Simple to use, 
1	Size, Weight, : Simple to ? use, 
0	None
0	, None
0	high ink useage, software is difficult to install properly on Win XP
0	high ink useage, . software is difficult : to install properly on Win XP
0	Screen is hard to read.  No protective cover.
0	Screen is hard to read.  No . protective . cover.
0	High price, so-so battery life, small monochrome screen, sleazy Motorola marketing
0	High price, so-so battery ; life, small ; monochrome screen, , sleazy Motorola marketing
0	Paper jams frequently, drinks ink like water, ink clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
0	Paper ? jams , frequently, drinks ink like . water, ink clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
1	Color, fast, ease of use
1	Color, , fast, ease of use
0	Expensive, not as pocket size as PDR-M4
0	Expensive, . not , as pocket size as PDR-M4
0	Poor video
0	: Poor video
1	Quality &amp; price makes this worth the purchase.
1	: Quality &amp; price makes this worth ! the purchase.
1	great product. does work w/XP.  
1	great product. does , work w/XP.  . 
1	Small Size, Infolithium Battery, Metal Design
1	! Small Size, Infolithium . Battery, Metal Design
1	Beautiful colored screen and lots of options. Love the blue lighted keys.
1	Beautiful . colored screen and lots of options. Love the blue lighted keys.
1	10X zoom, 4 megapixels, great battery life , 
1	10X zoom, , 4 ; megapixels, great battery life , 
1	Good Camera
1	. Good Camera
0	battery life is terrible, durability is a big ?????
0	battery life is terrible, durability is a big ? ?????
0	Keypad, camera and features suck. Bluetooth basic. Size is bigger than most phones.
0	Keypad, camera and features suck. Bluetooth basic. Size ? is bigger than most , phones.
1	Small without being too small, features, Lithium Battery, internet
1	Small without being too small, features, : Lithium Battery, internet
0	price; lack of view finder
0	; price; lack of view . finder
1	Very portable, industry standard image quality, plenty of features.
1	Very portable, industry standard image quality, plenty of : features.
1	Killer prints especially on Photo Paper
1	! Killer prints especially on Photo Paper
0	Battery hog
0	; Battery hog
0	No cable included - but printers never include them!
0	No cable ; included - but printers never ! include them!
0	big
0	! big
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	User settings; . menu items; holding signal; lack of email
1	Sound quality.
1	; Sound quality.
0	small buttons
0	small , buttons
0	Minor nozzle clogging issue in some situations
0	Minor nozzle clogging issue . in ! some situations
1	Lightweight, games, Tones
1	; Lightweight, games, Tones
0	Too slow for those with high speed needs
0	Too slow ? for those with high speed needs
0	haven't found any
0	haven't . found any
1	Cute, small phone. Large, colorful screen. Good speakerphone. Easily fits into small purse or pocket.
1	Cute, small phone. Large, colorful screen. Good speakerphone. : Easily fits ? into small purse : or pocket.
1	Quick printing, looks nice, affordable, easy to use.
1	Quick printing, looks . nice, affordable, easy to use.
1	VERY compact and awesome shell design
1	? VERY compact and awesome shell design
1	Web Browsing, easy texting and emailing.
1	Web Browsing, easy texting and ? emailing.
1	Easy to manuever
1	? Easy to manuever
1	This printer does everything you could want.
1	This printer , does everything you could . want.
0	Slow
0	. Slow
1	easy to use
1	: easy to use
1	Reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by Time
1	? Reception; Sound Quality; , Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by Time
0	Software bugs
0	, Software bugs
1	Dozens of features, competitive price, SmartMedia capability, a camera for every environment!
1	: Dozens of features, competitive price, SmartMedia capability, a camera for every environment!
1	Outstanding Printer, Duplex, High speeds, small footprint
1	Outstanding Printer, ? Duplex, High ; speeds, small footprint
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, Quick Time video with sound, light-weight and compact
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play ! software, ; Quick Time video with sound, light-weight ! and compact
1	1 minute digital videos with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact and durable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	1 minute digital videos with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact and ? durable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Price
0	: Price
1	Price
1	! Price
0	Battery usage(without AC adapter), Zoom is not great.
0	Battery usage(without AC adapter), Zoom is ? not . great.
0	hard to push, turn, small seating, small basket...
0	hard to ? push, turn, small seating, , small basket...
1	Very quiet, great prints, nice software package included
1	Very quiet, great prints, : nice software package included
0	Flash a little weak.  No sound with movies(not a huge con).
0	Flash a little weak.  No sound with ! movies(not a . huge con).
1	little, Compact Flash card, functions, software
1	? little, : Compact Flash card, functions, software
0	Price, Also having to initialize each CD and Then Finalize before removing.
0	, Price, . Also having to initialize ; each CD and Then Finalize before removing.
0	Rather heavy and big
0	Rather heavy ! and big
1	Easy usb connection
1	Easy ! usb connection
1	Color screen,speaker phone,camera capability,and the web.
1	! Color screen,speaker phone,camera capability,and the web.
1	Amazing Printing Quality and Design
1	Amazing , Printing Quality and Design
0	not bluetooth compatible(if you know what that is)
0	not bluetooth compatible(if ! you know ; what that is)
0	A little easy to lose grip of, not enough " memory space",too thick.
0	A little ; easy to lose grip of, not enough " memory space",too thick.
0	i cant think of any
0	i cant think : of any
1	Easy to steer - Very lightweight!
1	Easy to . steer - : Very lightweight!
0	low battery life, not very loud
0	low battery : life, not very loud
1	quality of documents are very impressive
1	? quality of documents are very impressive
1	Good Output, Nice DPI
1	Good ! Output, Nice DPI
1	wonderful pictures, great battery life, easy to use
1	wonderful pictures, great ? battery life, easy to ; use
0	No Flash, No Picture Preview screen, Pictures are stored in RAM
0	No Flash, ? No Picture Preview screen, Pictures are stored in RAM
1	A heckuva deal for a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
1	; A heckuva deal for a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
1	Durability, signal, sound quality, camera, size, email pics to yourself.
1	; Durability, signal, sound quality, camera, size, email pics to yourself.
1	Excellent color quality, high pixel rating, makes movies and more!
1	Excellent color quality, high pixel , rating, makes movies and , more!
0	Um.... well, Canon doesn't give them away for free.   
0	Um.... well, Canon doesn't give them . away for free.   
1	Light weight = high speed!
1	Light : weight = high ; speed!
1	small,works anywhere outside US, comes free with the plan
1	small,works ? anywhere . outside US, comes free with the plan
0	HEAVY, QUIRKY, CUMBERSOME
0	HEAVY, ! QUIRKY, CUMBERSOME
0	Super sensitive touch controls - Doesn't work well with certain Bluetooth devices.
0	Super sensitive ? touch controls - Doesn't ; work well with ; certain Bluetooth devices.
0	Everything. Except that it's blue.
0	Everything. Except that it's . blue.
0	A little slow but hey, what do u want for les than $200
0	A little slow but hey, what do u want for ; les than $200
1	Great image quality, good text quality, fairly speedy
1	Great ; image quality, good text quality, fairly speedy
0	Unreliable charger
0	Unreliable ! charger
0	Poor image quality.  Flash too strong at short range then drops off quickly.
0	Poor ; image quality.  Flash too strong at short range then drops off quickly.
1	Compact, sturdy, vibrate mode
1	Compact, sturdy, ? vibrate mode
1	Cheap, decent photos, easy to use software.
1	Cheap, decent photos, , easy to ! use software.
0	Slower and more expensive than 952C.
0	Slower and more expensive . than 952C.
1	inexpensive for its size, cute design,very durable
1	inexpensive : for its . size, cute design,very durable
0	Software.  Cheap build quality.
0	Software. ?  Cheap build quality.
0	Small multiple use buttons.
0	Small multiple ? use buttons.
0	No USB cable included
0	! No USB cable included
1	Looks cool
1	Looks ? cool
1	Excellent photo quality printing
1	Excellent ; photo quality printing
0	too big for the home desktop, loud and noisy, draws a lot of power
0	too big for the home desktop, loud and : noisy, draws a lot of : power
0	Some menus are difficult to navigate
0	Some ? menus are difficult to navigate
0	None
0	. None
1	Unique features, holds multiple children if necessary
1	Unique features, holds multiple children ; if . necessary
1	easy to use, lcd preview/review screen, great pictures
1	? easy to use, , lcd preview/review screen, great pictures
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry around, good picture quality
1	Inexpensive, , easy to : upload, ; easy to carry around, good picture quality
1	Useful cardboard box
1	, Useful cardboard box
1	Very light weight. Good clear outdoor daytime pictures.
1	Very light ; weight. Good clear outdoor daytime pictures.
1	excellent value, does video clips, very easy to use, web cam capability
1	excellent value, does : video clips, ! very easy to use, web cam capability
1	Easy to use, good pictures, reasonably priced
1	Easy to use, good pictures, : reasonably priced
1	Affordable
1	, Affordable
0	Phone shuts off unexpectedly, especially during calls. Sounds are static like
0	! Phone . shuts off unexpectedly, especially , during calls. Sounds are static like
0	Cannot easily change volume while talking.
0	Cannot easily , change volume ! while talking.
1	Size, easy folding, price
1	Size, easy folding, ! price
0	Antenna, not many options, text messaging
0	Antenna, not ; many options, text messaging
0	None so far, really !
0	None : so far, really : !
1	Cheap, Printing in black and white is fairly good
1	Cheap, Printing in black and ! white ? is fairly good
0	poor ink cartridge quality
0	poor , ink cartridge quality
1	Great AVI system 
1	Great AVI ; system 
0	Poor reception, mirror blinds you when light hits it.
0	Poor . reception, . mirror blinds you when light hits it.
0	Frequent ink cartridge replacement, messy prints, and frequent problems
0	? Frequent ink cartridge replacement, messy prints, . and frequent problems
1	Wonderful Quaility
1	Wonderful ? Quaility
1	Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink,Fantastic Photos
1	Inexpensive,Thrifty . with ink,Fantastic Photos
1	Rugged, good display, great integration of phone and Palm PDA.
1	Rugged, good display, : great integration of phone and Palm PDA.
0	Speed, Build Quality
0	: Speed, Build Quality
0	Bad reception and VERY poor sound quality
0	Bad reception and VERY poor , sound quality
0	Not too many extras.
0	Not too many ! extras.
1	interchangeable faces to match decor
1	interchangeable faces . to ! match decor
0	Wait period between shots seems long.
0	Wait : period between shots : seems long.
0	Nothing, except people annoying you asking &amp;quot;What is that&amp;quot;
0	Nothing, except people annoying ! you asking &amp;quot;What is that&amp;quot;
0	Hidden costs
0	? Hidden costs
0	Does not have caller groups where you can separate callers with different ring tones.
0	Does not have ; caller groups where you can ? separate callers ; with different ring tones.
0	SLOOOOW!
0	, SLOOOOW!
1	Small Size
1	Small ? Size
0	Could have been a little more compact
0	Could have been ? a little more ? compact
1	6X Zoom, Incredibly Sharp Detail
1	6X ? Zoom, Incredibly Sharp . Detail
1	small size, cool look, headset
1	: small size, cool look, headset
1	Best Photo Quality In A Printer I've Seen Yet!
1	Best Photo Quality In A : Printer I've Seen Yet!
0	Poor reproduction of color photos, NOISY
0	Poor reproduction of , color photos, NOISY
0	no clock
0	. no clock
1	Very good print quality for text, graphics and photos.
1	? Very good print quality for text, graphics and photos.
1	Easy to carry around
1	Easy to carry . around
1	Lightweight, Good Quality, Easy to Maneuver
1	Lightweight, Good ! Quality, Easy to Maneuver
1	Easy to use, pictures are fantastic, can use floppy discs
1	Easy to use, pictures are fantastic, ! can . use floppy ! discs
1	Inexpensive, Superb Quality.
1	Inexpensive, ! Superb Quality.
1	None come to mind
1	? None come to mind
0	The battery life is lacking, no other real problems
0	. The battery life is , lacking, no other real problems
1	Fast, reliable, cheap, good quality output.
1	Fast, ; reliable, cheap, good quality output.
1	takes abuse, easy to use
1	takes abuse, easy . to : use
0	small memory stick, 16meg fits 7 images
0	small memory . stick, 16meg fits 7 images
0	low tones/rings
0	low ! tones/rings
1	Great Quality, Very Reliable, Easy to Use
1	Great Quality, ! Very Reliable, Easy : to Use
0	Mediocre battery life, Keypad response
0	Mediocre battery life, , Keypad response
0	Temperamental zoom control
0	Temperamental zoom . control
0	No more excuses for not running
0	No , more excuses for not running
1	cheap, good quality
1	cheap, good ; quality
1	Not bad price for a zoom camera
1	Not bad price ? for a zoom camera
0	Buy the Camera Dock when you purchase the Camera
0	Buy the ? Camera Dock when you purchase the ! Camera
0	bad quality photos, no flash, long wait for download
0	bad quality photos, no . flash, long wait for download
0	picture quality, terrible flash, terrible user-interface!!
0	picture quality, . terrible flash, terrible user-interface!!
0	Rechargable batteries almost a must; sometimes shifts to video mode unintentionally (due to dial placement)
0	Rechargable . batteries almost : a must; sometimes shifts to video mode unintentionally (due to dial placement)
1	Ease of use, quality of photos, more than adequate software
1	Ease of use, quality of photos, more ; than adequate software
0	ink guzzler...expensive in the long run
0	. ink . guzzler...expensive in the long run
1	Great picture quality
1	: Great picture quality
1	price, prints, features
1	. price, prints, features
0	Toner expense
0	: Toner expense
0	bad technology, programs not integrated- can't add appointment from database, need two hands to operate
0	: bad technology, programs not : integrated- can't add appointment from database, , need two hands to operate
0	Very few--only outdated by newer technology
0	. Very few--only outdated by ? newer technology
0	None
0	? None
0	Zero customer service
0	Zero : customer service
0	keys "sweat" on the screen, talk time is 'eh', no full mp3's
0	! keys "sweat" on the screen, talk ? time is 'eh', no ? full mp3's
0	No support for anything but windows 9x
0	No support for anything but windows . 9x
1	Small size, good durable battery pack, voice controls.
1	Small size, : good durable battery pack, ; voice controls.
1	Ultra cool, good resolution, excellent image quality, highly portable, uses AAA batteries
1	, Ultra cool, , good resolution, excellent ! image quality, highly portable, uses AAA batteries
0	No optical zoom, port covers flimsy, flash needs recharging time, limited options
0	No optical : zoom, port covers flimsy, flash needs recharging ; time, limited : options
1	Great price
1	? Great price
0	no optical zoom
0	, no optical zoom
0	Tremendous ink consumption, frequent paper jams
0	Tremendous ink consumption, frequent ; paper ! jams
0	Everything else
0	Everything ? else
1	Love the multifunction capabilities and ease of use.
1	Love the ! multifunction capabilities and . ease of use.
1	There are no pros!!
1	There are ! no pros!!
0	It's an expensive door stop
0	It's ; an expensive , door stop
0	Communicam
0	; Communicam
0	No exterior caller ID, outbound volume to loud
0	! No exterior caller ID, outbound volume . to loud
1	Reliable, easy, floppy is ultimate in convenience.
1	! Reliable, easy, floppy is ultimate in , convenience.
1	Compact, easy to set up, good quality printouts
1	! Compact, easy to set up, good quality printouts
0	No web access. :(
0	, No web access. :(
0	High on radiation list, awkward cover release, smart card connection
0	High ; on radiation list, awkward cover . release, smart card connection
1	all in one, great space saver...
1	all in ? one, great space saver...
1	Makes a good paperweight
1	. Makes a good paperweight
1	Easy to use, price is right, saves you money in the long run if you love to take pictures.   
1	. Easy to use, price ; is right, saves you money in the long run if you love to take pictures.   
0	Battery consumption
0	? Battery consumption
0	scanning software
0	scanning : software
0	None really other than the 8M Smartmedia card shipped with camera a little small.
0	None really other than the 8M ; Smartmedia card shipped with camera a little small.
1	Great software and easy to use.
1	? Great software and easy to use.
1	Rock solid, great output, features, size.
1	Rock solid, great : output, features, size.
1	Decent quality printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL IN SIZE.
1	Decent quality printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL IN ! SIZE.
1	Inexpensive, high quality, features
1	Inexpensive, high , quality, features
0	Volume range; echo
0	. Volume range; echo
1	Small, Light, Portable
1	Small, . Light, Portable
0	Short battery life.
0	Short battery ; life.
1	Size, weight, features, reception.
1	Size, weight, . features, reception.
0	You will never be able to move it again
0	You will never be able to move ? it ; again
0	No Zoom, Software Stinks, Picture Transfer is S-L-O-W
0	No Zoom, Software Stinks, Picture . Transfer is ; S-L-O-W
1	Nice upgrade to 4700 series, full-featured.
1	Nice upgrade ! to 4700 series, full-featured.
0	Not cheap, sound could be better, magnet-based flip open, prone to smudges and scratches
0	Not cheap, sound could ; be better, magnet-based flip open, prone to smudges ? and scratches
1	High quality copies and low maintenance costs
1	High quality , copies , and low maintenance costs
1	Extremely durable, looks fantastic, ultra compact and takes great pictures
1	: Extremely durable, ? looks fantastic, ultra compact , and takes great pictures
0	I don't like them
0	; I don't like them
1	Easy SMSing and design.
1	, Easy SMSing and design.
1	InfraRed,
1	, InfraRed,
0	None worth highlighting.
0	None worth ! highlighting.
1	Sexy design, Image, Video &amp; Sound capture, small
1	, Sexy . design, Image, Video &amp; Sound capture, small
0	The new "Compaq" and "Samsung" compliant  cartridges don't work in it.
0	The ! new : "Compaq" and "Samsung" compliant  cartridges don't work in it.
1	Good phone, very compact
1	Good . phone, very compact
1	Great print quality. Stand alone copy feature is handy. 
1	Great print quality. Stand alone copy feature : is handy. 
0	Reception SOMETIMES choppy.
0	: Reception SOMETIMES choppy.
0	Long intiation
0	; Long intiation
0	I have not found any yet.  Costly Ink Cartridges
0	: I have not found , any yet. !  Costly Ink Cartridges
0	4M card.
0	. 4M card.
1	Cheap, good print quality and usually efficient. Not to mention small.
1	Cheap, good print quality and ! usually ; efficient. Not to mention small.
0	Not a beginner's camera
0	Not ! a beginner's camera
1	Good long lasting cell phone
1	: Good long lasting cell ? phone
1	Immediate gratification, Powerful zoom, floppy storage.
1	Immediate ; gratification, Powerful , zoom, floppy storage.
1	Easy to Use
1	Easy ? to Use
0	Talk/Standby time less than optimal
0	Talk/Standby , time less than optimal
0	Short  battery life, practically useless memory card, AC adapter not included.
0	: Short  battery life, practically : useless memory card, AC adapter not . included.
1	Good pics,price and easy to use.
1	Good ! pics,price and ! easy to use.
1	Ease, no developing, nice LCD display
1	Ease, . no developing, nice LCD display
0	Weak reception, No Vibrator Ringing
0	? Weak . reception, No Vibrator Ringing
0	not-too-good sound quality for roaming calls, small buttons on the dialing pad
0	! not-too-good sound quality for roaming calls, small buttons on the : dialing pad
0	poor, poor reliability
0	poor, ? poor reliability
0	Inadequate operating system to manage memory, freeze ups, power cycling the phone daily
0	Inadequate operating system to , manage memory, ; freeze ups, power cycling the , phone daily
1	easy to use, saves to disk
1	easy . to use, saves to disk
1	8cm CD recorder, light weight, 4 mp, tons of features, records video, and it's Sony!!
1	8cm CD recorder, light weight, 4 mp, ! tons of features, records video, and it's Sony!!
1	price and 8 megs of memory
1	! price ! and 8 megs of memory
0	n/a
0	? n/a
0	You'll want to pick up an accessory to transfer photo images faster.
0	You'll want ; to pick up an accessory ! to transfer photo images faster.
1	Incredible photo quality, quiet operation, integrated memory card reader
1	Incredible photo quality, : quiet operation, integrated , memory card reader
0	Difficult storage area, large size
0	? Difficult storage area, large . size
1	Great quality enlargements.
1	Great ! quality enlargements.
0	Joystick is a little frustrating and face plate chips easily
0	Joystick is a little . frustrating and face plate chips , easily
1	Takes good pictures
1	Takes : good pictures
0	the phone doesn't fit against your face right,and the send and end buttons are reversed!!!
0	the phone doesn't fit against your face right,and ; the ? send and end buttons . are reversed!!!
1	Good quality inexpensive initially
1	Good quality , inexpensive initially
1	Fast, USB Support, Easy to use. 
1	Fast, USB Support, Easy ? to use. ! 
