1	Ease of setup, price, paper handling
1	Ease of setup, terms, paper handling
1	Ease of price, setup, paper handling
1	Ease of setup, apparatus price, paper handling
1	Ease setup, price, paper handling
1	Ease of setup, price, paper palm
1	Ease of, price, paper handling
1	Ease handling setup, price, paper of
1	Ease of allay setup, price, paper handling
1	to me, none.
1	none me, to.
1	to me,.
1	to, none.
1	to none, me.
1	to me, ME none.
1	to me, none.
0	No Zoom, Software Stinks, Picture Transfer is S-L-O-W
0	No Zoom, Software Stinks, Picture Transfer is 
0	No Zoom, zoom Software Stinks, Picture Transfer is S-L-O-W
0	No Zoom, Software, Picture Transfer is S-L-O-W
0	No photograph Zoom, Software Stinks, Picture Transfer is S-L-O-W
0	No Zoom, Software Stinks, Picture carry-over is S-L-O-W
0	No Zoom, Software Stinks, Transfer Picture is S-L-O-W
0	No Zoom, Software Stinks, characterization Transfer is S-L-O-W
0	No S-L-O-W, Software Stinks, Picture Transfer is Zoom
0	initial price, text print slow, poor text print on plain paper
0	initial price, text plain slow, poor text print on print paper
0	initial price, text print slow, poor text on paper
0	initial price, text print retard, poor text print on unmistakable paper
0	initial price, text print slow, poor text print paper plain on
0	price, text print slow, poor text print on plain 
0	initial price, schoolbook print slow, poor text print on bare paper
0	initial price, text print slow, poor schoolbook text print on plain paper
0	initial price, text print toll slow, poor text print on plain paper
0	This kind of performance doesn't come cheap
0	This kind of functioning doesn't come cheap
0	This functioning kind of performance doesn't come cheap
0	This kind form of performance doesn't come cheap
0	This kind performance doesn't come cheap
0	This kind of doesn't come cheap
0	This kind come performance doesn't of cheap
0	This kind of performance doesn't come flashy
0	of kind This performance doesn't come cheap
1	IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus assist, Processing/refresh speed, Remote, Price dropping daily.
1	IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus assist, Processing/ speed,, Price dropping daily.
1	IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus dropping, Processing/refresh speed, Remote, Price assist daily.
1	IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus assist, Processing/refresh speed, picture Remote, Price dropping daily.
1	live ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus serve, Processing/refresh speed, Remote, Price dropping daily.
1	IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus assist, Processing/remote refresh speed, Remote, Price dropping daily.
1	IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus assist, Processing/refresh hurry, Remote, Price dropping day-after-day.
1	refresh ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus assist, Processing/IS speed, Remote, Price dropping daily.
1	IS ZzooomM, Overall Quality, Focus assist, Processing/refresh speed, Remote, Price dropping.
1	software is pretty good
1	software is pretty serious good
1	is software pretty good
1	software is pretty salutary
1	software pretty is good
1	is pretty good
1	software reasonably is pretty good
1	software is passably good
1	software is good
1	User Friendly!
1	Friendly User!
1	Friendly!
1	User!
1	user Friendly!
1	exploiter User Friendly!
1	User well-disposed!
1	User exploiter Friendly!
1	User Friendly!
1	Separate color tanks
1	Separate distort color tanks
1	Separate tanks color
1	Separate gloss tanks
1	Separate sort color tanks
1	color tanks
1	reprint color tanks
1	Separate color 
1	tanks color Separate
1	Ultra cool, good resolution, excellent image quality, highly portable, uses AAA batteries
1	cool, good resolution, image quality, highly portable, uses AAA batteries
1	Ultra cool, good closure, excellent image quality, highly portable, apply AAA batteries
1	Ultra cool, good resolution, image quality, highly portable, uses AAA 
1	Ultra cool, good resolution, excellent highly quality, image portable, uses AAA batteries
1	Ultra cool, calibre good resolution, excellent image quality, highly portable, uses AAA batteries
1	Ultra cool, good resolution, quality image excellent, highly portable, uses AAA batteries
1	Ultra cool, estimable resolution, excellent image quality, highly portable, USA AAA batteries
1	radical Ultra cool, good resolution, excellent image quality, highly portable, uses AAA batteries
0	None so far, really !
0	None so, really !
0	None so Interahamwe, really !
0	soh None so far, really !
0	None far, really !
0	far so None, really !
0	None so really, far !
0	None sol so far, really !
0	None so far, real !
1	Excellent photo quality printing
1	Excellent photo quality excellent printing
1	Excellent photo printing
1	Excellent photo printing quality
1	Excellent printing quality photo
1	Excellent photo calibre printing
1	Excellent impression photo quality printing
1	Excellent picture quality printing
1	photo quality printing
0	not enough internal memory
0	not enough memory
0	not enough intragroup memory
0	not enough internal 
0	not sufficiency internal memory
0	not internal enough memory
0	not intragroup enough internal memory
0	enough not internal memory
0	not enough internal non memory
1	Excellent photo output, USB
1	Excellent photo output, 
1	Excellent photo output, excellent USB
1	USB photo output, Excellent
1	output photo Excellent, USB
1	Excellent photo exposure output, USB
1	fantabulous photo output, USB
1	Excellent photo, USB
1	Excellent photo yield, USB
1	price value style
1	style value price
1	price trend value style
1	value style
1	price prise style
1	value price style
1	price value stylus
1	terms price value style
1	price style
0	a lot, see my comments
0	a lot, see my 
0	a plenty, see my comments
0	a lot, slew see my comments
0	a lot, interpret my comments
0	a lot, see comments
0	a lot, comments my see
0	a scuttlebutt lot, see my comments
0	a lot, my see comments
1	Picture Quality, Ease of Use
1	pic Quality, Ease of Use
1	Picture Quality, employ Ease of Use
1	word-painting Quality, Ease of Use
1	Picture Quality, Ease of 
1	Picture Quality, relaxation Ease of Use
1	of Quality, Ease Picture Use
1	Picture Quality, Ease Use
1	Ease Quality, Picture of Use
0	cost on the upper end of models
0	cost on upper end of models
0	cost on the upper end along of models
0	cost on the upper end of last models
0	the on cost upper end of models
0	cost on the upper death of models
0	cost the upper end of models
0	cost on the upper end of sit
0	cost the on upper end of models
0	non downloadable tones and no Internet
0	non tones and no Internet
0	non downloadable tones net and no Internet
0	non not downloadable tones and no Internet
0	non downloadable tones Internet no and
0	non downloadable flavour and no Internet
0	downloadable non tones and no Internet
0	downloadable tones and no Internet
0	non downloadable note and no Internet
0	range not so good
0	range not so expert
0	range not so beneficial
0	range not so non good
0	range so not good
0	good not so range
0	range not so 
0	range not good
0	salutary range not so good
1	price! usb hookup, simple setup, great when used with ink refiller sets
1	price! ink hookup, simple setup, great when used with usb refiller sets
1	price! usb hookup, simple setup, great when used corking with ink refiller sets
1	price! usb hookup, simple setup, great when used sets ink refiller with
1	price! usb assemblage hookup, simple setup, great when used with ink refiller sets
1	! usb hookup, simple setup, great when used with ink refiller 
1	price! usb hookup, simple setup, great when exploited with ink refiller typeset
1	! usb, simple setup, great when used with ink refiller sets
1	price! usb hookup, simple setup, capital when used with ink refiller rig
0	One handed use sometimes means you open the battery compartment, turning the camera off.  
0	One use sometimes means you open the battery, turning the camera off.  
0	One sometimes means you open the battery compartment, turning the camera off.  
0	One handed grow use sometimes means you open the battery compartment, turning the camera off.  
0	one handed enjoyment sometimes means you open the battery compartment, turning the camera off.  
0	agency One handed use sometimes means you open the battery compartment, turning the camera off.  
0	One handed use sometimes means you open the turning compartment, battery the camera off.  
0	the handed use sometimes means you open the battery compartment, turning One camera off.  
0	One handed employment sometimes way you open the battery compartment, turning the camera off.  
0	no support CompactFlash, a little slow, poor batteries
0	no support CompactFlash, a batteries slow, poor little
0	no support CompactFlash, a little slow, poor shelling
0	no support CompactFlash, a little slow, poor dense batteries
0	no support CompactFlash, a fiddling slow, poor batteries
0	no support CompactFlash, little slow, poor batteries
0	no support CompactFlash, a little, poor batteries
0	no support little, a CompactFlash slow, poor batteries
0	no support CompactFlash, a piddling little slow, poor batteries
1	Cheap, Printing in black and white is fairly good
1	Cheap, Printing in black and tweed is fairly good
1	Cheap, Printing White in black and white is fairly good
1	Cheap, Printing in black and is fairly good
1	Cheap, Printing black and white is fairly good
1	Cheap, Printing in black and white is fairly salutary
1	Cheap, Printing and black in white is fairly good
1	Cheap, Printing in white and black is fairly good
1	Cheap, Printing in black lightlessness and white is fairly good
1	Features, Sound Quality
1	lineament, Sound Quality
1	Features, Sound vocalize Quality
1	boast, Sound Quality
1	Features, Quality Sound
1	Sound, Features Quality
1	Features, Quality
1	timber Features, Sound Quality
1	Features, Sound 
1	little, Compact Flash card, functions, software
1	little, Compact Flash part card, functions, software
1	little, Compact Flash card, functions, 
1	little, Compact ostentation card, functions, software
1	little, Compact instant card, functions, software
1	little, Compact card Flash, functions, software
1	little, Compact Flash bill card, functions, software
1	little, Compact Flash card,, software
1	little, Compact Flash software, functions, card
0	bulky for storage
0	storage for bulky
0	bulky for entrepot
0	for bulky storage
0	bulky for depot
0	bulky reposition for storage
0	bulky for storage
0	bulky for 
0	bulky storage
1	size and cost
1	size and 
1	size cost and
1	be size and cost
1	sizing size and cost
1	and size cost
1	and cost
1	sizing and cost
1	size and toll
0	no camera case!
0	no camera!
0	no camera incase!
0	nobelium no camera case!
0	camera case!
0	camera no case!
0	no camera encase!
0	no nobelium camera case!
0	no case camera!
0	A little Static
0	little A Static
0	A little 
0	A fiddling little Static
0	little Static
0	A Static little
0	A little motionless
0	axerophthol little Static
0	A petty little Static
0	rough, loud ride
0	rough, ride
0	, loud ride
0	rough, aloud ride
0	rough, gaudy loud ride
0	loud, rough ride
0	rough, loud twit
0	ride, loud rough
0	unsmooth rough, loud ride
1	InfraRed,
1	infrared InfraRed,
1	infrared,
1	InfraRed,
1	great value at a low price
1	value at a low price
1	great value at low price
1	great value at a downhearted price
1	great at value a low price
1	price value at a low great
1	nifty value at a low price
1	humiliated great value at a low price
1	great toll value at a low price
0	Nothing except when it grabs paper it scares you because of sudden noise.
0	Nothing except when it grabs paper it you scares because of sudden noise.
0	zero except when it grabs paper it scares you because of sudden randomness.
0	Nothing except when it grabs paper it scares you because of zero sudden noise.
0	Nothing except when it scares paper it grabs you because of sudden noise.
0	except when it grabs paper it scares because of sudden noise.
0	Nothing when grabs paper it scares you because of sudden noise.
0	Nothing except when it seize paper it scares you because of sudden stochasticity.
0	Nothing except when it grabs paper it scares you because of sudden exclude noise.
1	It's small and has many functions, and the discs hold a lot of pictures.
1	It's small and has many functions, and the discs hold a mountain of see.
1	It's and has many functions, and the discs hold lot of pictures.
1	It's small and has many functions, and the a lot of pictures.
1	It's small and has many hold, and the discs functions a lot of pictures.
1	It's small and has many subroutine, and the discs hold a lot of visualise.
1	It's small and has many a, and the discs hold functions lot of pictures.
1	modest It's small and has many functions, and the discs hold a lot of pictures.
1	ampere It's small and has many functions, and the discs hold a lot of pictures.
1	10X zoom, 4 megapixels, great battery life , 
1	zoom, 4 megapixels, great battery life , 
1	10X zoom, 4 megapixels, peachy battery life , 
1	life zoom, 4 megapixels, great battery 10X , 
1	10X zoom, foursome megapixels, great battery life , 
1	10X zoom, 4 megapixels, great bombardment battery life , 
1	10X zoom, 4 megapixels, great battery foursome life , 
1	10X 4, zoom megapixels, great battery life , 
1	10X zoom, 4 megapixels, great battery , 
0	complex - steep learning curve
0	complex - steep learning 
0	complex - learning steep curve
0	complex - steep curve
0	complex - steep curve learning
0	complex - unconscionable learning curve
0	complex - steep learning slew
0	complex - unconscionable steep learning curve
0	slue complex - steep learning curve
1	Best Photo Quality In A Printer I've Seen Yet!
1	Best Photo Quality In A Printer I've Yet!
1	considerably Photo Quality In A Printer I've Seen Yet!
1	Printer Photo Quality In A Best I've Seen Yet!
1	Best ampere Photo Quality In A Printer I've Seen Yet!
1	Photo Quality In A Printer I've Seen Yet!
1	Best Photo Quality In A Printer I've understand Yet!
1	Best Yet Quality In A Printer I've Seen Photo!
1	Best inch Photo Quality In A Printer I've Seen Yet!
0	Never a leader, it has fallen well behind the field in features and price.
0	Never a leader, it has fallen well backside the discipline in features and price.
0	Never a leader, it has hang substantially behind the field in features and price.
0	Never a leader, it has fallen well behind the inward field in features and price.
0	a leader, it has well behind the field in features and price.
0	Never a leader, it has fallen well behind the In field in features and price.
0	Never and leader, it has fallen well behind the field in features a price.
0	Never a leader, it has behind the field in features and price.
0	fallen a leader, it has Never well behind the field in features and price.
0	The cover is not see through like the i1000 plus
0	The cover is done not see through like the i1000 plus
0	The not see through like the i1000 plus
0	The plus is not see through like the i1000 cover
0	The deal is not see through comparable the i1000 plus
0	The cover is not see through like i1000 the plus
0	The cover is not see non through like the i1000 plus
0	The cover is not figure through care the i1000 plus
0	The cover is not see through the i1000 
0	cost a lot
0	cost lot
0	a cost lot
0	cost a 
0	cost a administer
0	cost spate a lot
0	cost a mint
0	cost a toll lot
0	lot a cost
1	3.34 megapixels, great lens, many modes, caters to amateurs and pros, crisp LCD screen
1	3.amateurs megapixels, great lens, many and, caters to 34 modes pros, crisp LCD screen
1	3.34 megapixels, fashion great lens, many professional modes, caters to amateurs and pros, crisp LCD screen
1	34.3 screen, great lens, many modes, caters to amateurs and pros, crisp LCD megapixels
1	3.34 megapixels, cracking lense, many modes, caters to amateurs and pros, scrunch LCD screen
1	3.34, great lens, many, caters to amateurs and pros, crisp LCD 
1	3.34 megapixels, fashion great lens, many modality modes, caters to amateurs and pros, crisp LCD screen
1	3.34 megapixels, keen lens, many manner, caters to amateurs and pros, chip LCD screen
1	3.34 megapixels, great lens, many modes, caters to amateurs and, screen
1	2xAAs,USB,NTSC Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic lense cover,aluminium case
1	2xAAs,,NTSC, Semi pro, automatic lense cover,aluminium case
1	2xAAs,Al USB,NTSC Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic lense cover,aluminium case
1	2xAAs,USB,NTSC concealment Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic lense cover,aluminium case
1	2xAAs,USB,NTSC Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic,aluminium case
1	2xAAs,USB,NTSC Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic lense treat,aluminium font
1	2xAAs,USB,lense Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic NTSC cover,aluminium case
1	2xAAs,USB,NTSC Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic lense screen,aluminium shell
1	case,USB,NTSC Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic lense cover,aluminium 2xAAs
0	Unreliable charger
0	charger
0	Unreliable courser charger
0	Unreliable undependable charger
0	treacherous charger
0	charger Unreliable
0	Unreliable 
0	Unreliable charger
0	unreliable charger
0	Price
0	toll
0	price
0	price Price
0	Price
1	Prints fast text documents, Quality photos.
1	Prints fast text, Quality photos.
1	fast text documents, Quality photos.
1	Prints fast Quality documents, text photos.
1	Prints fast text documents, firm Quality photos.
1	Prints text fast documents, Quality photos.
1	degraded Prints fast text documents, Quality photos.
1	Prints dissolute text documents, Quality photos.
1	Prints debauched text documents, Quality photos.
1	The FinePix A101 is small, lightweight , and easy to use.  
1	The FinePix A101 is lowly, whippersnapper , and easy to use.  
1	The FinePix is small, lightweight , easy to use.  
1	The FinePix A101 is minuscule, lightweight , and easy to practice.  
1	The FinePix A101 is small, lightweight , easy to.  
1	The easy A101 is small, lightweight , and FinePix to use.  
1	lightweight FinePix A101 is small, The , and easy to use.  
1	live The FinePix A101 is small, lightweight , and easy to use.  
1	The FinePix A101 is small, lightweight , and jackanapes easy to use.  
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	Some neutered features, event small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external castrate display planning.
0	Some neutered features, small navigation external, and poor issues display planning.
0	around neutered lineament, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	Some neutered features, small pilotage issue, and poor external display planning.
0	Some neutered features, small navigation planning, and poor external display issues.
0	neutered features, small issues, and poor external display planning.
0	neutered features, small navigation issues, poor external display planning.
1	Fast B/W, Cheap
1	barn Fast B/W, Cheap
1	Fast B/W, 
1	fast B/W, Cheap
1	Fast B/W, crummy
1	Cheap B/W, Fast
1	W B/Fast, Cheap
1	Fast B/tawdry W, Cheap
1	Fast B/, Cheap
1	Good Quality prints and easy setup.
1	Good prime prints and easy setup.
1	Good Quality prints impress and easy setup.
1	Good Quality prints and slow setup.
1	Good Quality prints setup easy and.
1	Quality Good prints and easy setup.
1	Quality prints and easy setup.
1	sluttish Good Quality prints and easy setup.
1	Good prints and easy setup.
1	Beautiful colored screen and lots of options. Love the blue lighted keys.
1	Beautiful colored screen and the of options. Love lots blue lighted keys.
1	Key Beautiful colored screen and lots of options. Love the blue lighted keys.
1	Beautiful emblazon screen and lots of options. hump the blue lighted keys.
1	Beautiful screen and lots options. Love the blue lighted keys.
1	Beautiful colored concealment and lots of options. honey the blue lighted keys.
1	Beautiful colored screen and lots options of. Love the blue lighted keys.
1	Beautiful screen and lots of options. the blue lighted keys.
1	Beautiful colored screen and lots of options. Love the blue patrician lighted keys.
1	Easy to use out of the box, Tons of features and settings 
1	Easy to use out of the box, Tons of and 
1	Easy to use out Tons the box, of of features and settings 
1	well-situated to use out of the package, Tons of features and settings 
1	well-off to use out of the boxful, Tons of features and settings 
1	Easy to use out of the characteristic box, Tons of features and settings 
1	Easy to use of out the box, Tons of features and settings 
1	Easy to use out of the box, Tons of features 
1	Easy to tardily use out of the box, Tons of features and settings 
0	Bad zoom, slow flash and no macro.
0	badness zoom, slow flash and no macro.
0	Bad zoom, slow flash and no.
0	Bad zoom, slow flash macro no and.
0	Bad zoom, slow flash and No no macro.
0	Bad zoom, slow flash flare and no macro.
0	Bad zoom, flash and no macro.
0	Bad zoom, slow no and flash macro.
0	uncollectible zoom, slow flash and no macro.
0	No cable included - but printers never include them!
0	nobelium cable included - but printers never include them!
0	No cable included - but printers include them!
0	No cable included - but printers never no include them!
0	No cable included - printers never include them!
0	No include included - but printers never cable them!
0	No cable included - them printers never include but!
0	No cable included - but printers telegraph never include them!
0	No cablegram included - but printers never include them!
0	quality
0	prime
0	lineament
0	lineament quality
0	quality
0	prime quality
1	Weight, backlight, stylish design, quite a few improvements.
1	Weight, backlight, fashionable stylish design, quite a few improvements.
1	Weight, backlight, stylish plan, quite a few improvements.
1	Weight, design, stylish backlight, quite a few improvements.
1	Weight, backlight, stylish intention, quite a few improvements.
1	Weight, a, stylish design, quite backlight few improvements.
1	Weight, backlight, stylish design, a few improvements.
1	Weight, backlight, stylish design, quite a angstrom few improvements.
1	Weight,, stylish design, quite a few improvements.
1	Fast, Reliable, Cost, and Print Quality!
1	Fast, Reliable, Cost, reliable and Print Quality!
1	Fast, Reliable, Print, and Cost Quality!
1	riotous, Reliable, Cost, and Print Quality!
1	dependable Fast, Reliable, Cost, and Print Quality!
1	, Reliable, Cost, and Print Quality!
1	Fast, Reliable, Cost, and Print!
1	Fast, Reliable, Cost, Print and Quality!
1	degraded, Reliable, Cost, and Print Quality!
0	A bit flimsy
0	A bit slight flimsy
0	A flimsy
0	A bit unconvincing
0	A mo flimsy
0	A flimsy bit
0	bit A flimsy
0	turn A bit flimsy
0	A bit 
1	Reliable, easy, floppy is ultimate in convenience.
1	Reliable, easy, floppy is ultimate in gizmo.
1	Reliable, easy, convenience is ultimate in floppy.
1	Reliable,, floppy is ultimate in convenience.
1	Reliable, easy, floppy is ultimate in gismo.
1	Reliable, easy, loose floppy is ultimate in convenience.
1	Reliable, ultimate, floppy is easy in convenience.
1	Reliable, easy, floppy is in convenience.
1	Reliable, easy, floppy is diskette ultimate in convenience.
1	Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
1	search nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in unmatchable, real Web Browser!
1	Looks nice, very convenient, network a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
1	Looks nice, very convenient, Pilot Palm a and phone in one, real Web Browser!
1	Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm and in one, real Web Browser!
1	depend nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in ane, real Web Browser!
1	Looks nice, convenient very, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
1	Looks nice, very convenient, a and phone in one, real Web Browser!
1	Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and In phone in one, real Web Browser!
0	Doesnt come with rechargables.
0	Doesnt come with rechargables.
0	Doesnt occur with rechargables.
0	rechargables come with Doesnt.
0	Doesnt fare with rechargables.
0	Doesnt come rechargables.
0	Doesnt rechargables with come.
0	come with rechargables.
0	None
0	none
0	none None
0	None
1	Small and convenient to use
1	Small and commodious to use
1	Small modest and convenient to use
1	Small and convenient to consumption
1	use and convenient to Small
1	Small and convenient use
1	Small and function convenient to use
1	Small and convenient use to
1	and convenient to use
0	UNSTABLE! Low seat, uncomfortable ride, small basket, doesn't stand when folded,
0	UNSTABLE! Low seat, uncomfortable ride, small basket, fanny doesn't stand when folded,
0	UNSTABLE! Low seat, uncomfortable ride, small basket, folded stand when doesn't,
0	UNSTABLE! Low seat, uncomfortable, small basket, stand when folded,
0	UNSTABLE!, uncomfortable ride, small basket, doesn't stand when folded,
0	fluid! Low buttocks, uncomfortable ride, small basket, doesn't stand when folded,
0	UNSTABLE! lowly derriere, uncomfortable ride, small basket, doesn't stand when folded,
0	rear UNSTABLE! Low seat, uncomfortable ride, small basket, doesn't stand when folded,
0	UNSTABLE! Low seat, uncomfortable doesn't, small basket, ride stand when folded,
0	Wait period between shots seems long.
0	Wait period expect between shots seems long.
0	Wait period between seems shots long.
0	Wait period between shots seems farsighted.
0	long period between shots seems Wait.
0	Wait period delay between shots seems long.
0	Wait period between shots seems foresighted.
0	Wait period between shots long.
0	Wait between shots seems long.
0	software is slow and time consuming
0	software is slow and time deplete
0	software and slow is time consuming
0	software is slow and time 
0	software waste is slow and time consuming
0	software is slow and time squander
0	software clock is slow and time consuming
0	software is slow and consuming
0	software is time and slow consuming
0	Temperamental zoom control
0	moody Temperamental zoom control
0	Temperamental zoom moderate
0	Temperamental zoom 
0	zoom Temperamental control
0	Temperamental control
0	erratic zoom control
0	Temperamental control zoom
0	Temperamental assure zoom control
0	Some of the frills, such as the optional borders, are not very useful.
0	Some of not frills, such as the optional borders, are the very useful.
0	Some of frills, such as the optional, are not very useful.
0	Some of the falderol, such as the optional abut, are not very useful.
0	Some of the frills, such as the optional borders, are useful.
0	Some optional the frills, such as the of borders, are not very useful.
0	comprise Some of the frills, such as the optional borders, are not very useful.
0	Some of the gimcrackery, such as the optional ring, are not very useful.
0	Some of the frills, such as folderal the optional borders, are not very useful.
1	Compact, Lightweight, Takes great photos in daylight
1	Compact, Lightweight, daylight great photos in Takes
1	Compact, in, Takes great photos Lightweight daylight
1	Compact, jackanapes, Takes great photos in daylight
1	Compact, Lightweight, Takes great photos daylight
1	jackanapes Compact, Lightweight, Takes great photos in daylight
1	Compact, Lightweight, Takes great photos in In daylight
1	Compact, Lightweight, Takes great in daylight
1	Compact, Lightweight, Takes neat photos in daylight
1	Reliable, Good Phone
1	, Good Phone
1	Reliable, Good call
1	Good, Reliable Phone
1	Phone, Good Reliable
1	Reliable, Good ring
1	Reliable, Good true Phone
1	Reliable, Phone
1	Reliable, Good honest Phone
0	Flimsy, poor reception, hard to read.
0	, poor reception, hard to read.
0	Flimsy, poor reception, hard read.
0	poor, Flimsy reception, hard to read.
0	Flimsy, poor reception, toilsome to read.
0	Flimsy, poor reception, hard to pitiful read.
0	Flimsy, backbreaking poor reception, hard to read.
0	Flimsy, short reception, hard to read.
0	Flimsy, poor hard, reception to read.
0	takes some experimenting with features
0	takes experimenting with features
0	takes some with features
0	takes some experimenting boast with features
0	fill some experimenting with features
0	experiment takes some experimenting with features
0	assume some experimenting with features
0	some takes experimenting with features
0	with some experimenting takes features
1	great UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
1	great UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way sizing SMS/email
1	great UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way squeamish SMS/email
1	UI great, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
1	great UI, tiny size, design, internal, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
1	great UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, email alert, 2-way SMS/vibrating
1	great UI, tiny size, design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way/email
1	great UI, tiny size, nice design, intimate antenna, infrared, vibrating watchful, 2-way SMS/email
1	great UI, tiny size, squeamish design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alarum, 2-way SMS/email
0	- Can't do Super Glossy prints, - Poor selection of compatible photo paper. 
0	- Can't Super do Glossy prints, - Poor selection of compatible photo paper. 
0	- Can't do report Super Glossy prints, - Poor selection of compatible photo paper. 
0	- Can't do Super Glossy prints, - Poor selection of compatible showy photo paper. 
0	- Can't Super Glossy prints, - Poor selection of compatible photo. 
0	- Can't do Super Glossy prints, - miserable survival of compatible photo paper. 
0	- Can't do Super Glossy prints, - Poor selection paper compatible photo of. 
0	- Can't do Super prints, - Poor selection compatible photo paper. 
0	- Can't do Super Glossy prints, - Poor option of compatible photo wallpaper. 
1	lots of useful options
1	lots of options
1	lots of options useful
1	muckle of useful options
1	lots selection of useful options
1	lots of useful choice options
1	distribute of useful options
1	of useful options
1	of lots useful options
1	excellent image quality, decent speed, good looking
1	excellent image choice, decent speed, good looking
1	excellent image good, decent speed, quality looking
1	excellent image quality, speed, good looking
1	excellent image, decent speed, good looking
1	excellent icon quality, decent speed, good looking
1	excellent seemly image quality, decent speed, good looking
1	excellent image quality, decent speed, good right looking
1	excellent image quality, good speed, decent looking
0	Eats up batteries!, Not expandable. Kodak does not have any attachable lenses for this camera
0	Eats up batteries!, Not expandable. Kodak lens does not have any attachable non lenses for this camera
0	feed up batteries!, non expandable. Kodak does not have any attachable lense for this camera
0	Eats up batteries!, Not expandable. Kodak does not have attachable this camera
0	lenses up Kodak!, Not expandable. batteries does not have any attachable Eats for this camera
0	Eats up batteries!, barrage Not improving expandable. Kodak does not have any attachable lenses for this camera
0	Eats up batteries!, Not expandable. Kodak not does have any attachable for lenses this camera
0	eats up batteries!, non expandable. Kodak does not have any attachable lense for this camera
0	Eats batteries!, Not expandable. Kodak does not any attachable lenses this camera
0	Battery life, fragile antenna, slow software, very few "perks".
0	Battery life, fragile antenna, software, very few "perks".
0	Battery life, fragile antenna, dense software, very few "perks".
0	Battery life, fragile antenna, slow few, very software "perks".
0	Battery life, fragile antenna, dull software, very few "perks".
0	Battery life, fragile antenna, slow, very few "perks".
0	Battery life, fragile antenna, slow software, perks few "very".
0	Battery life, fragile antenna, slow software, dull very few "perks".
0	package Battery life, fragile antenna, slow software, very few "perks".
1	Great images, great features,great storage media, great battery, great features!
1	Great great, images features,great storage media, great battery, great features!
1	gravid images, great features,great storage media, great battery, great have!
1	images Great, great features,great storage media, great battery, great features!
1	Great images, great features,great storage media, entrepot great battery, great features!
1	Great images, features,great media, great battery, great features!
1	Great images, great features,neat great storage media, great battery, great features!
1	Great images, great features,great storage media, large battery, corking features!
1	Great images, great features,great storage media, great battery,!
0	Battery Life, Supplied Memory
0	Battery add Life, Supplied Memory
0	Memory Life, Supplied Battery
0	Battery Life, Memory
0	Battery Memory, Supplied Life
0	Battery liveliness Life, Supplied Memory
0	Life, Supplied Memory
0	shelling Life, Supplied Memory
0	Battery animation, Supplied Memory
1	Simplicity in operation, cost, and print quality
1	print in operation, cost, and Simplicity quality
1	Simplicity in operation, cost, print quality
1	Simplicity in procedure, cost, and print quality
1	easiness in operation, cost, and print quality
1	Simplicity operation in, cost, and print quality
1	Simplicity price in operation, cost, and print quality
1	in operation, cost, and print quality
1	Simplicity in operation, cost, surgery and print quality
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many shelling features
0	Battery life, phone size, flimsy when open, many features
0	Battery life, open phone size, flimsy when lg, too many features
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy open, too many 
0	Battery life, lg phone sizing, flimsy when capable, too many features
0	Battery when, lg phone size, flimsy life open, too many features
0	Battery liveliness, lg phone size, flimsy when undecided, too many features
0	Battery life, lg bombardment phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
1	12 ppm, 600x 600 resolution, AFFORDABLE!
1	resoluteness 12 ppm, 600x 600 resolution, AFFORDABLE!
1	xii ppm, 600x 600 resolution, AFFORDABLE!
1	12 ppm, 600x resolution, AFFORDABLE!
1	12 ppm, AFFORDABLE 600 resolution, 600x!
1	12 ppm, 600 resolution, AFFORDABLE!
1	600x ppm, 12 600 resolution, AFFORDABLE!
1	12 ppm, 600x 600 firmness, AFFORDABLE!
1	12 ppm, 600x 600 resolution, affordable AFFORDABLE!
0	ink cost
0	cost ink
0	ink be
0	ink price
0	ink 
0	cost
0	ink toll cost
0	ink price cost
0	ink cost
1	Inexpensive and reliable.
1	and reliable.
1	cheap Inexpensive and reliable.
1	Inexpensive reliable and.
1	Inexpensive and honest.
1	cheap and reliable.
1	Inexpensive reliable.
1	Inexpensive authentic and reliable.
1	and Inexpensive reliable.
1	Outstanding Printer, Duplex, High speeds, small footprint
1	Outstanding Printer, Duplex, speeds, small footprint
1	Outstanding Printer, small, High speeds, Duplex footprint
1	Outstanding Printer, Duplex, High striking speeds, small footprint
1	Outstanding Printer, Duplex, High luxuriously speeds, small footprint
1	Outstanding Printer, Duplex, High speeds, little footprint
1	Outstanding Printer, Duplex, highschool speeds, small footprint
1	Outstanding Printer, Duplex, speeds High, small footprint
1	Outstanding Printer, Duplex, High, small footprint
1	cheap, good quality
1	cheap, good prize quality
1	cheap, good brassy quality
1	good, cheap quality
1	cheap, good 
1	quality, good cheap
1	cheap, expert quality
1	, good quality
1	cheap, thoroughly quality
0	Limited features, mediocre picture quality, low memory.
0	mediocre features, Limited picture quality, low memory.
0	Limited features, picture quality, low memory.
0	Limited features, mediocre picture quality, first memory.
0	Limited select features, mediocre picture quality, low memory.
0	Limited features, mediocre quality, low memory.
0	Limited features, mediocre memory quality, low picture.
0	confine features, mediocre picture quality, low memory.
0	Limited features, mediocre picture confine quality, low memory.
0	High on radiation list, awkward cover release, smart card connection
0	High on radiation list, awkward cover release, smart card compensate connection
0	High on radiation list, clumsy masking release, smart card connection
0	High on radiation awkward, list cover release, smart card connection
0	High radiation list, awkward cover, smart card connection
0	release on radiation list, awkward cover High, smart card connection
0	High on radiation list, awkward link cover release, smart card connection
0	luxuriously on radiation list, awkward underwrite release, smart card connection
0	High on radiation, awkward cover release, smart connection
0	Charge time for Batteries, small 16mb disk.
0	Charge for Batteries, small 16mb disk.
0	blame time for Batteries, small 16mb disk.
0	Charge time for Batteries, 16mb disk.
0	Charge time for Batteries, small disk 16mb.
0	Charge sentence time for Batteries, small 16mb disk.
0	tutelage time for Batteries, small 16mb disk.
0	Charge time disk Batteries, small 16mb for.
0	Charge time for Batteries, small charge 16mb disk.
1	Small and suprisingly heavy!
1	Small and suprisingly intemperate!
1	and Small suprisingly heavy!
1	Small diminished and suprisingly heavy!
1	Small and suprisingly!
1	low and suprisingly heavy!
1	low Small and suprisingly heavy!
1	and suprisingly heavy!
1	heavy and suprisingly Small!
1	all in one, great space saver...
1	all in one, great quad saver...
1	all in unmatched, great space saver...
1	in one, great space saver...
1	all in one, great space inch saver...
1	all one in, great space saver...
1	all in one, space saver...
1	all in one, space great saver...
1	all nifty in one, great space saver...
1	easy to use, saves to disk
1	easy to expend, saves to disk
1	easy to use, usage saves to disk
1	disk to use, saves to easy
1	easy to use, to disk
1	easy gentle to use, saves to disk
1	easy to, saves to disk
1	to easy use, saves to disk
1	well-to-do to use, saves to disk
0	low battery life, not very loud
0	low battery life, very loud
0	low not life, battery very loud
0	low battery life, not very tawdry
0	selfsame low battery life, not very loud
0	low life, not very loud
0	loud battery life, not very low
0	low battery aloud life, not very loud
0	low battery life, not very tatty
0	Screen is hard to read.  No protective cover.
0	Screen is read to hard.  No protective cover.
0	Screen is hard to read.  no protective cover.
0	is hard to read.  No protective cover.
0	Screen is hard to read.  No cover.
0	Screen is cover to read.  No protective hard.
0	Screen is hard to read.  nobelium No protective cover.
0	Screen sieve is hard to read.  No protective cover.
0	Screen is hard to read.  No protective compensate.
0	Some image quality problems, design problems, stigma of being a Casio
0	Some image quality problems, design problems, stigma of problem being a Casio
0	Some image quality problems,, stigma of being a Casio
0	Some stigma quality problems, design problems, image of being a Casio
0	Some image quality problems, design trouble problems, stigma of being a Casio
0	Some image quality problems, design, stigma of being Casio
0	Some double lineament problems, design problems, stigma of being a Casio
0	Some image quality problems, design problems, stigma of a being Casio
0	Some image lineament problems, contrive problems, stigma of being a Casio
0	PAPER LOADING, Compatibility
0	newspaper LOADING, Compatibility
0	PAPER LOADING, paper Compatibility
0	LOADING PAPER, Compatibility
0	PAPER freight, Compatibility
0	compatibility PAPER LOADING, Compatibility
0	Compatibility LOADING, PAPER
0	PAPER LOADING, 
0	LOADING, Compatibility
0	Battery needs charging daily if you use the phone at all.  no back up battery
0	Battery needs daily you use the phone at all.  no back up 
0	Battery needs agitate everyday if you habituate the phone at all.  no back up battery
0	Battery needs charging daily if phone at all.  no back up battery
0	Battery needs charging phone if you battery the daily at all.  no back up use
0	Battery you charging back if needs use the phone at all.  no daily up battery
0	Battery needs charge daily if you function the phone at all.  no support up battery
0	Battery needs charging daily if you use the phone at rachis all.  casual no back up battery
0	Battery needs charging daily if you use barrage the phone at headphone all.  no back up battery
1	Rock solid, great output, features, size.
1	Rock solid, size output, features, great.
1	Rock solid, corking output, features, size.
1	Rock solid, boast great output, features, size.
1	Rock, great output, features, size.
1	Rock solid, great output, sport, size.
1	Rock solid, great, features, size.
1	output solid, great Rock, features, size.
1	Rock solid, great output, features, sway size.
1	many features, great quality
1	features many, great quality
1	many features, enceinte great quality
1	many have, great quality
1	many features, great dandy quality
1	features, great quality
1	quality features, great many
1	many features, great caliber
1	many features, quality
1	Nice features
1	Nice 
1	Nice dainty features
1	Nice have
1	gracious features
1	Nice features
1	prissy Nice features
1	features Nice
1	features
0	bad quality photos, no flash, long wait for download
0	bad quality photos, no flash, long wait download
0	bad timbre quality photos, no flash, long wait for download
0	bad quality photos, no flash, yearn wait for download
0	bad quality photos, no jiffy, long wait for download
0	bad quality photos, no, long wait for download
0	download quality photos, no flash, long wait for bad
0	bad quality photos, no flash, look long wait for download
0	bad quality photos, download flash, long wait for no
0	image quality bad during low as well as too much light
0	image during low as well as too much light
0	lots image quality bad during low as well as too much light
0	image quality bad much low as well as too during light
0	image quality excessively bad during low as well as too much light
0	quality bad during low as well as much light
0	image prime bad during abject as well as too much light
0	image quality bad during low as advantageously as too much lighter
0	image during bad quality low as well as too much light
1	small,works anywhere outside US, comes free with the plan
1	small,works anywhere international America, comes free with the plan
1	diminished,works anywhere outside US, amount free with the plan
1	small,outdoor works anywhere outside US, comes free with the plan
1	small,works anywhere minuscule outside US, comes free with the plan
1	small,works anywhere outside comes, US free with the plan
1	comes,works anywhere outside US, small free with the plan
1	small,works anywhere outside, comes free with the 
1	small,works anywhere outside US, comes with the 
1	Takes good pictures
1	good pictures
1	Takes exposure good pictures
1	good Takes pictures
1	Takes good 
1	lead good pictures
1	soundly Takes good pictures
1	pictures good Takes
1	Takes right pictures
1	Price, great 3 megapixel images, Pixel mapping feature
1	Price, megapixel 3 great images, Pixel mapping feature
1	Price, great 3 megapixel images, Pixel lineament mapping feature
1	Price, great 3 megapixel images, Pixel mapping 
1	Price, neat 3 megapixel images, Pixel mapping feature
1	Price, great trine 3 megapixel images, Pixel mapping feature
1	great, Price 3 megapixel images, Pixel mapping feature
1	Price, great 3 images, Pixel mapping feature
1	Price, great ternary megapixel images, Pixel mapping feature
1	A nice phone that survived a complete wash cycle and hot dryer.
1	A nice phone that survived a complete wash cycle dryer.
1	A nice phone that survived a complete wash cycle and hot hertz dryer.
1	axerophthol nice phone that survived a complete wash motorcycle and hot dryer.
1	A nice phone dryer survived a complete wash cycle and hot that.
1	A nice phone that survived a complete cycle and hot.
1	A nice phone that survived and complete wash cycle a hot dryer.
1	A nice phone that survived a everlasting wash cycle and live dryer.
1	A nice phone that survived a adenine complete wash cycle and hot dryer.
1	price and the look
1	price and the cost look
1	price the look
1	attend price and the look
1	and price the look
1	price look the and
1	price and the feel
1	price and the seem
1	and the look
1	Easy to use and quality pictures
1	loose to use and quality pictures
1	Easy to use and quality characterisation
1	use to Easy and quality pictures
1	to use and quality pictures
1	Easy to use and quality exercise pictures
1	Easy to use and expend quality pictures
1	Easy to use and pictures
1	Easy to use quality and pictures
0	Trouble with graphics.
0	disturb with graphics.
0	Trouble with.
0	with Trouble graphics.
0	Trouble graphics.
0	ail Trouble with graphics.
0	disoblige with graphics.
0	Trouble graphics with.
0	Trouble graphic with graphics.
1	Small, inexpensive, loaded with features, easy to use, good quality photos.
1	Small, inexpensive, loaded with features, leisurely to use, unspoiled quality photos.
1	Small, slow inexpensive, loaded with features, easy to use, good quality photos.
1	Small, inexpensive, with features, easy to use, good photos.
1	Small, inexpensive, loaded with features, good to use, easy quality photos.
1	Small, inexpensive, loaded with features, easy to use, good quality cheap photos.
1	Small, inexpensive, cockeyed with features, easy to use, good calibre photos.
1	Small, inexpensive, loaded with features, easy to use, quality good photos.
1	Small,, loaded with features, easy to use, quality photos.
1	tiny size, incredible loading/saving speed, "roomy" built-in memory.
1	petite size, incredible loading/saving speed, "roomy" built-in memory.
1	sizing tiny size, incredible loading/saving speed, "roomy" built-in memory.
1	tiny size, incredible loading/saving, "roomy" built-in memory.
1	tiny size, loading/saving speed, "roomy" built-in memory.
1	tiny size, incredible loading/saving speed, "roomy" inherent memory.
1	tiny size, incredible loading/roomy speed, "saving" built-in memory.
1	tiny size, incredible loading/saving speed, "roomy" hie built-in memory.
1	loading size, incredible tiny/saving speed, "roomy" built-in memory.
1	Portable, functional, extremely mobile
1	Portable,, extremely mobile
1	Portable, functional, passing mobile
1	Portable, operational, extremely mobile
1	Portable, functional, nomadic extremely mobile
1	Portable, mobile, extremely functional
1	Mobile Portable, functional, extremely mobile
1	Portable, functional, extremely 
1	Portable, functional, mobile extremely
1	Very small, simple to use menu and almost never have to use stylus
1	Very small, simple use menu almost never have to use stylus
1	Very small, simple to use menu and almost never have to stylus use
1	very lowly, simple to use menu and almost never have to use stylus
1	Very small, simple to use menu and almost never have to use minuscule stylus
1	small, simple to use menu almost never have to use stylus
1	Very small, simple to use carte and almost never have to purpose stylus
1	Very small, simple to stylus menu and almost never have to use use
1	Very small, simple mere to use menu and almost never have to use stylus
0	Um.... well, Canon doesn't give them away for free.   
0	Um.... well, Canon doesn't give them for free.   
0	Um.... well, canon doesn't give them away for free.   
0	give.... well, Canon doesn't Um them away for free.   
0	Um.... well, Canon doesn't generate them away for free.   
0	Um.... well, Canon give them away for free.   
0	leave Um.... well, Canon doesn't give them away for free.   
0	Um.... well, Canon doesn't give them away for unblock free.   
0	Um.... free, Canon doesn't give them away for well.   
0	Not the smallest camera on the market
0	modest Not the smallest camera on the market
0	Not the belittled camera on the market
0	smallest the Not camera on the market
0	Not the smallest camera on the 
0	Not camera smallest the on the market
0	Not the small-scale camera on the market
0	the smallest camera on the market
0	Not the smallest camera on minuscule the market
1	Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
1	experience all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
1	whole Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
1	interesting all Palm functions; Has conversation piece
1	Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation 
1	Has all Palm thenar functions; interesting conversation piece
1	Has all functions; interesting conversation piece
1	give all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
1	Has all functions Palm; interesting conversation piece
0	High price, so-so battery life, small monochrome screen, sleazy Motorola marketing
0	richly price, so-so battery life, small monochrome screen, seedy Motorola marketing
0	High price, so-so life, monochrome screen, sleazy Motorola marketing
0	High price, so-so life, small monochrome, sleazy Motorola marketing
0	High price, so-so battery living, small monochrome screen, sleazy Motorola market
0	High price, so-so battery life, biography small monochrome screen, sleazy Motorola marketing
0	High price, so-so battery monochrome, small life screen, sleazy Motorola marketing
0	High living price, so-so battery life, small monochrome screen, sleazy Motorola marketing
0	High price, screen battery life, small monochrome so-so, sleazy Motorola marketing
1	high printing speeds, excellent quality printing, made for most printing jobs.
1	eminent printing speeds, excellent lineament printing, made for most printing jobs.
1	high printing speeds, most quality printing, made for excellent printing jobs.
1	high speeds, excellent quality printing, made for most printing.
1	high printing print speeds, excellent quality printing, made for most printing jobs.
1	high printing printing, excellent quality speeds, made for most printing jobs.
1	high printing speeds, quality printing, made most printing jobs.
1	high printing speeds, excellent quality almost printing, made for most printing jobs.
1	high printing race, excellent quality printing, made for most impress jobs.
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Amazing reception, color screen, 1.3megapixel, Attractive Design
1	awing reception, vibrant tinge screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Amazing vibrant, reception color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.Design camera, Attractive 3megapixel
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, vivacious 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Amazing reception, vibrant screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Design
1	response Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	awing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive blueprint
0	Sheet feeder doesn't work well
0	Sheet feeder tack doesn't work well
0	Sheet feeder doesn't wreak well
0	Sheet feeder doesn't well work
0	feeder doesn't work well
0	Sheet feeder work doesn't well
0	plane feeder doesn't work well
0	Sheet feeder doesn't well
0	tributary Sheet feeder doesn't work well
0	detachable hood is a bit weird
0	detachable hood is a mo weird
0	detachable hood is a adenine bit weird
0	detachable hood is a weird bit
0	detachable hood is a bit bonnet weird
0	detachable hood a bit weird
0	detachable hood is a act weird
0	detachable bit is a hood weird
0	detachable hood is a bit 
0	Poor reproduction of color photos, NOISY
0	Poor reproduction of semblance photos, NOISY
0	Poor reproduction of colour photos, NOISY
0	Poor reproduction of photos, NOISY
0	Poor reproduction of color NOISY, photos
0	Poor reproduction replica of color photos, NOISY
0	photos reproduction of color Poor, NOISY
0	Poor replica reproduction of color photos, NOISY
0	Poor reproduction of color photos, 
0	No external antenna kills reception in fringe areas. No keypad cover.
0	No external aerial kills reception in fringe areas. No keypad encompass.
0	No external international antenna kills reception in fringe areas. No keypad cover.
0	No external antenna kills reception in fringe cover. No keypad areas.
0	No antenna external kills reception in fringe areas. No keypad cover.
0	No external feeler kills reception in fringe areas. No keypad brood.
0	No external antenna reception in fringe areas. No cover.
0	No external cross antenna kills reception in fringe areas. No keypad cover.
0	No antenna kills reception in fringe. No keypad cover.
0	Side buttons pressed, switches to speaker, bad camera, quality, size limits, etc etc etc
0	Side buttons pressed, switches to speaker, bad camera, crusade quality, size limits, etc etc etc
0	Side buttons pressed, switches to speaker, bad, quality, size limits, etc etc 
0	Side buttons pressed, switches to speaker, bad camera, quality, size limits, etc Speaker etc etc
0	Side buttons weigh, switch to speaker, bad camera, quality, size limits, etc etc etc
0	Side buttons pressed, switches to talker, big camera, quality, size limits, etc etc etc
0	Side buttons to, switches pressed speaker, bad camera, quality, size limits, etc etc etc
0	Side size pressed, switches to speaker, bad camera, quality, buttons limits, etc etc etc
0	Side buttons pressed, switches to speaker, bad, quality, limits, etc etc etc
0	battery life
0	shelling battery life
0	battery life
0	life
0	battery shelling life
0	battery sprightliness
0	battery 
0	life battery
0	barrage life
0	Hidden costs
0	shroud costs
0	Hidden 
0	Hidden costs
0	price Hidden costs
0	concealed costs
0	cost Hidden costs
0	costs Hidden
0	costs
0	Lens cap can be bothersome
0	Lens cap can be pesky
0	Lens can be bothersome
0	Lens ceiling can be bothersome
0	lense Lens cap can be bothersome
0	Lens be can cap bothersome
0	Lens cap bothersome be can
0	Lens pesky cap can be bothersome
0	Lens cap can be 
1	great photos, good price
1	great photos, well price
1	great, good price
1	photos, good price
1	great photos, price good
1	great photos, gravid good price
1	great photos, near price
1	great photos, terms good price
1	great good, photos price
1	Small Size, Infolithium Battery, Metal Design
1	Small sizing Size, Infolithium Battery, Metal Design
1	Small, Infolithium Battery, Metal Design
1	Small size, Infolithium Battery, Metal Design
1	Battery Size, Infolithium Small, Metal Design
1	Small Size, Infolithium, Metal Design
1	Small Size, Infolithium bombardment, Metal Design
1	Small Size, Infolithium Battery, shelling Metal Design
1	Small Size, Battery Infolithium, Metal Design
0	The LCD is slightly off center
0	The is slightly off center
0	The murder LCD is slightly off center
0	The LCD is slightly off snapper
0	The off is slightly LCD center
0	The LCD is slightly off 
0	The LCD is center off slightly
0	The LCD is somewhat slightly off center
0	The LCD is slightly off substance
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	well it weren't a... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	a if it weren't well lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	well if it weren't... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	considerably if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone excerption
1	well if it weren't a lemon... vocalize activation, presentation clarity, ringtone selection
1	well lemon it weren't a if... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	well substantially if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice IT activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	Sleek and stylish, best displays in the market.
1	Sleek and stylish, well displays in the market.
1	Sleek and stylish, displays in the market.
1	Sleek stylish, best displays in the market.
1	Sleek and stylish, best fashionable displays in the market.
1	market and stylish, best displays in the Sleek.
1	Sleek and stylish, best presentation in the market.
1	Sleek and stylish, best displays in trump the market.
1	the and stylish, best displays in Sleek market.
0	Awkward placement of zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
0	release Awkward placement of zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
0	Awkward placement of surge zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
0	where's placement of zoom buttons; Awkward autopreview?
0	placement of zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
0	Awkward placement of zoom; where's autopreview?
0	sticky placement of zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
0	Awkward buttons of zoom placement; where's autopreview?
0	uneasy placement of zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
0	A little noisy, large footprint, no bi-directional support with WIN XP
0	A little noisy, vauntingly footprint, no bi-directional support with succeed XP
0	A little noisy, large footprint, no with WIN XP
0	A little noisy, large XP, no bi-directional support with WIN footprint
0	A little noisy, large footprint, no bi-directional with XP
0	A little noisy, large footprint, angstrom no bi-directional support with WIN XP
0	A No little noisy, large footprint, no bi-directional support with WIN XP
0	A footprint noisy, large little, no bi-directional support with WIN XP
0	A little noisy, bombastic footprint, no bi-directional substantiate with WIN XP
1	-True photo quality, -Ink cartridges aren't too expensive
1	-True photo choice, -Ink cartridges aren't too expensive
1	-True photo expensive, -Ink cartridges aren't too quality
1	-True photo quality, -Ink cartridges too expensive
1	-avowedly photo quality, -Ink cartridges aren't too expensive
1	-True photo quality, -Ink cartridges expensive too aren't
1	-True photo quality, -Ink cartridges aren't too timbre expensive
1	-True photo quality, -Ink cartridges aren't too lawful expensive
1	-True photo quality, -Ink cartridges aren't too 
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony  flash, battery and lens covers, Shutter Speed
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony  meretricious, battery and lens blanket, Shutter Speed
0	add-on are mostly proprietary to Sony  flash, barrage and lens covers, Shutter Speed
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary Lens to Sony  flash, battery and lens covers, Shutter Speed
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony , battery and covers, Shutter Speed
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony  flash, battery and lens Shutter, covers Speed
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony  flash, shutter battery and lens covers, Shutter Speed
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary Sony  flash, battery and lens, Shutter Speed
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony  Shutter, battery and lens covers, flash Speed
0	No AC adapter included
0	AC adapter included
0	No AC included
0	no AC adapter included
0	nobelium No AC adapter included
0	included AC adapter No
0	No Ac adapter included
0	No AC included adapter
0	No AC adapter Ac included
0	Ugly and slow.
0	Ugly slow.
0	Ugly vile and slow.
0	and slow.
0	Ugly and irksome.
0	Ugly and dull.
0	and Ugly slow.
0	frightful Ugly and slow.
0	Ugly slow and.
1	Easy to use, price is right, saves you money in the long run if you love to take pictures.   
1	Easy use, price is, saves you money in the long run if you love take pictures.   
1	comfortable to use, price is right, saves you money in the long streak if you love to direct pictures.   
1	Easy to use, price is right, compensate saves you money in the postulate long run if you love to take pictures.   
1	Easy to enjoyment, price is good, saves you money in the long footrace if you love to take pictures.   
1	run to use, price is long, saves you money in the right Easy if you love to take pictures.   
1	Easy to use, price is right, you money in the run you love to take pictures.   
1	Easy to use, price is right, honey saves you money in the long characterisation run if you love to take pictures.   
1	Easy to use, price is right, saves you money to the in run if you love long take pictures.   
0	button placement
0	button placement
0	button positioning
0	placement button
0	positioning button placement
0	button clitoris placement
0	placement
0	button 
0	push placement
0	the phone doesn't fit against your face right,and the send and end buttons are reversed!!!
0	the phone doesn't fit against your face right,and the transport and terminal buttons are converse!!!
0	the phone doesn't fit against your face right,and end send and the reversed are buttons!!!
0	the doesn't fit against your face,and the and end buttons are reversed!!!
0	the phone doesn't convulsion against your face right,and the broadcast and goal buttons are reversed!!!
0	the phone doesn't fit against your face and,and the send right end are buttons reversed!!!
0	phone doesn't against your face right,and the send and buttons are reversed!!!
0	the phone doesn't fit against your face right,and the send compensate and end buttons are push reversed!!!
0	the phone doesn't fit against your face right,and converse the send and burst end buttons are reversed!!!
1	excellent image quality, easy to use, optical and digital zoom, remote control
1	excellent image quality, remote to use, optical and digital zoom, easy control
1	excellent image quality, easy to use, optical zoom, remote control
1	excellent ikon quality, easy to utilize, optical and digital zoom, remote control
1	easy image quality, excellent to use, optical and digital zoom, remote control
1	excellent image quality, easy to, and digital zoom, remote control
1	excellent image select, easy to use, optical and digital zoom, remote controller
1	excellent image quality, easy to use, optical and trope digital zoom, remote control
1	excellent image quality, easy to use, optical and digital zoom, utilization remote control
1	Easy to use, video clip feature, takes great snapshots
1	takes to use, video clip feature, Easy great snapshots
1	Easy to takes, video clip feature, use great snapshots
1	Easy to use, video clip feature, contain great snapshots
1	Easy to use, video clip feature, takes great 
1	Easy to use, video clip feature, assume great snapshots
1	Easy to promiscuous use, video clip feature, takes great snapshots
1	prune Easy to use, video clip feature, takes great snapshots
1	Easy to use, video clip, takes great snapshots
1	Low Price, Professional-Looking Documents
1	Professional-Looking Price, Low Documents
1	low-pitched Price, Professional-Looking Documents
1	Documents Price, Professional-Looking Low
1	Low Price, toll Professional-Looking Documents
1	Low Price, Documents
1	lowly Price, Professional-Looking Documents
1	Price, Professional-Looking Documents
1	Low Price, Professional-Looking terms Documents
1	Easy usb connection
1	usb connection
1	Easy slow usb connection
1	Easy connection usb
1	Easy connection
1	usb Easy connection
1	easygoing usb connection
1	comfortable usb connection
1	Easy usb connexion connection
0	None
0	none None
0	None
0	none
0	Horrible battery life, turns off randomly and must re-input date/time
0	Horrible battery life, turns and randomly off must re-input date/time
0	Horrible battery life, turns off randomly and re-input date/
0	Horrible battery life, turns off horrible randomly and must re-input date/time
0	Horrible battery life, turns off living randomly and must re-input date/time
0	Horrible battery life, off and must re-input date/time
0	Horrible battery life, turns off time and must re-input date/randomly
0	Horrible battery life, sprain off randomly and must re-input engagement/time
0	Horrible battery life, wrench off indiscriminately and must re-input date/time
0	none for what I wanted, but the reception is not as good as my 8500.
0	none for my I wanted, not the reception is but as good as what 8500.
0	none for what I wanted, the reception not as good my 8500.
0	none for what I i wanted, but the reception is not as good as my desire 8500.
0	none for what iodin precious, but the reception is not as undecomposed as my 8500.
0	none for what ane require, but the reception is not as respectable as my 8500.
0	none I what for wanted, but is reception the not as good as my 8500.
0	none for what I, but the is not as good my 8500.
0	none for what I ampere wanted, but the reception is not as good response as my 8500.
1	Easy to use, good interface&amp;#13;&amp;#10;great "gadget" appeal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Easy to attract use, good interface&amp;#13;&amp;#10;great "gadget" appeal&amp;#13;&pull amp;#10;
1	Easy to use, good&amp;#13;&amp;#10;great "gadget"&amp;#;&amp;#10;
1	Easy to use, amp gadget&good;#13;&amp;#10;great "interface" appeal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	to use, good&;#13;&amp;#10;great "gadget" appeal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	gentle to use, honorable interface&amp;#13;&amp;#10;swell "gadget" appeal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Easy to use, just interface&amp;#XIII;&amp;#10;great "gadget" appeal&amp;#13;&amp;#tenner;
1	Easy to use, good interface&amp;#13;&nifty amp;#10;great "gadget" AMP appeal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Easy to use, 13 interface&amp;#good;&amp;#gadget;great "10" appeal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Short battery life, prone to being accidentally turned on, non-flash pictures are blurry.
0	Short battery life, prone to being accidentally off on, non-flash picture are blurry.
0	Short life, prone to being accidentally turned on, non-flash pictures are.
0	Short battery life, prone to being accidentally turned on, barrage non-flash pictures are blurry.
0	blurry battery life, prone to being accidentally turned on, non-flash pictures are Short.
0	Short battery life, prone to being accidentally turned on, non-flash pictures render are blurry.
0	Short battery life, turned to being accidentally prone on, non-flash pictures are blurry.
0	Short battery life, prone to being accidentally sprain on, non-flash see are blurry.
0	Short battery life, prone to being turned on, non-flash pictures are.
0	Fine mode only allows around 23 pictures.  Preview window gets dusty easily.
0	Fine mode only allows around 23 pictures.  Preview window gets grant dusty easily.
0	Fine mode around allows only 23 pictures.  Preview window gets dusty easily.
0	Fine mode only okay allows around 23 pictures.  Preview window gets dusty easily.
0	Fine mode only allows around 23 pictures.  gets dusty easily.
0	Fine mode allows only around 23 pictures.  Preview window gets dusty easily.
0	Fine mode only allows around 23 pictures.  Preview window nonplus dusty easy.
0	hunky-dory mode only allows around 23 pictures.  Preview window amaze dusty easily.
0	Fine mode only allows around 23.  window gets dusty easily.
0	Poor video
0	TV Poor video
0	video Poor
0	pathetic Poor video
0	miserable video
0	video
0	Poor 
0	Poor video
0	Poor telecasting
0	pricy, bigger than nokia 7650
0	pricy, bigger nokia than 7650
0	dear, bigger than nokia 7650
0	pricy, than bigger nokia 7650
0	pricy, than nokia 7650
0	, bigger than nokia 7650
0	pricy, bigger than nokia 7650
0	pricy, bigger than costly nokia 7650
0	pricy, boastful than nokia 7650
0	no good holster/leather case designed yet.
0	intentional no good holster/leather case designed yet.
0	no good holster/leather typeface designed yet.
0	holster good no/leather case designed yet.
0	case good holster/leather no designed yet.
0	no good/leather case designed yet.
0	no secure holster/leather case designed yet.
0	no good holster/ case designed yet.
0	no good holster/leather case respectable designed yet.
1	Good pics,price and easy to use.
1	just pics,price and easy to use.
1	Good,price and easy to use.
1	easy pics,price and Good to use.
1	Good pics,price and easy to Price use.
1	Good pics,price and to use.
1	Good pics,price and easy damage to use.
1	Good pics,price and well-fixed to use.
1	Good price,pics and easy to use.
0	Small display size
0	diminished display size
0	Small display small size
0	Small size
0	display Small size
0	sizing Small display size
0	Small size display
0	display size
0	humble display size
1	Easy assembly, great ride, &amp; affordable.
1	Easy assembly, keen ride, &amp; affordable.
1	Easy, great ride, &amp; affordable.
1	Easy assembly, great enceinte ride, &amp; affordable.
1	Easy assembly, great ride, &affordable; amp.
1	Easy great, assembly ride, &amp; affordable.
1	Easy assembly, ride, &amp; affordable.
1	Easy assembly, great ride, &ampere amp; affordable.
1	gentle assembly, great ride, &amp; affordable.
1	good if you just want to put pictures on the internet. 
1	sound if you just want to put flick on the internet. 
1	good if you just want to put pictures internet. 
1	right if you just deprivation to put pictures on the internet. 
1	good simply if you just want to put pictures on the internet. 
1	good if pictures just want to put you on the internet. 
1	good if you just want to put pictures the on internet. 
1	assign good if you just want to put pictures on the internet. 
1	good if you want to put pictures on the. 
1	Good connectivity and sound, good keypad.  A solid choice if you want a no-nonsense phone.
1	upright connectivity and sound, good keypad.  A solid selection if you want a no-nonsense ring.
1	Good connectivity and telephone sound, good keypad.  A solid choice pick if you want a no-nonsense phone.
1	if connectivity and sound, good keypad.  A solid a Good you want choice no-nonsense phone.
1	Good connectivity sound, good keypad.  A solid if want a no-nonsense phone.
1	Good connectivity and sound, good.  solid choice if you want a phone.
1	safe connectivity and heavy, undecomposed keypad.  A solid choice if you want a no-nonsense phone.
1	Good connectivity and sound, good a.  A solid keypad if you want choice no-nonsense phone.
1	prize Good connectivity and sound, good keypad.  A solid choice if you full want a no-nonsense phone.
1	Great AVI system 
1	Great organization AVI system 
1	Great AVI organisation system 
1	Great AVI organisation 
1	system AVI Great 
1	bully AVI system 
1	AVI system 
1	Great AVI 
1	AVI Great system 
0	Super sensitive touch controls - Doesn't work well with certain Bluetooth devices.
0	Super sensitive touch controls - with work well Doesn't certain Bluetooth devices.
0	swell Super sensitive touch controls - Doesn't work well with certain Bluetooth devices.
0	Super sensitive touch controls - Doesn't work well with devices Bluetooth certain.
0	Super touch controls - Doesn't work well certain Bluetooth devices.
0	super sore touch controls - Doesn't work well with certain Bluetooth devices.
0	Super sensitive touch controls - Doesn't work well play with certain Bluetooth devices.
0	Super sensitive touching controls - Doesn't operate well with certain Bluetooth devices.
0	Super sensitive touch - Doesn't work well with Bluetooth devices.
0	Price
0	Price
0	toll Price
0	cost Price
0	price
0	terms
1	Folding lens avoids scratching.  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
1	Folding lens avoids scraping.  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
1	Folding lens avoids.  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
1	Folding lens avoids scratching.  Easy and accurate photo-taking. .
1	Folding lens rub avoids scratching.  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
1	Folding chafe lens avoids scratching.  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
1	Folding lens avoids scratching.  soft and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
1	Folding lens avoids photo-taking.  Easy and accurate scratching.  Inexpesive.
1	Folding accurate avoids scratching.  Easy and lens photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
0	None really other than the 8M Smartmedia card shipped with camera a little small.
0	None really other than the 8M Smartmedia card shipped with camera a axerophthol little small.
0	None really other than the 8M Smartmedia card shipped with a little.
0	None really other than the 8M Smartmedia card shipped a camera with little small.
0	the really other than None 8M Smartmedia card shipped with camera a little small.
0	None actually other than the 8M Smartmedia card shipped with camera a piddling small.
0	None really other than slight the 8M Smartmedia card shipped with camera a little small.
0	None actually other than the 8M Smartmedia poster shipped with camera a little small.
0	None really other than the Smartmedia shipped with camera a little small.
0	High Ink Usage, Poor Mechanics, Poor Print Quality
0	High piteous Ink Usage, Poor Mechanics, Poor Print Quality
0	High Ink, Poor Mechanics, Poor Print Quality
0	High Ink Usage, Poor Mechanics, Poor Quality
0	High Mechanics Usage, Poor Ink, Poor Print Quality
0	High Usage Ink, Poor Mechanics, Poor Print Quality
0	High Ink Usage, miserable Mechanics, Poor Print Quality
0	High Ink Usage, Poor Mechanics, pitiful Print Quality
0	High Ink Usage, prize Poor Mechanics, Poor Print Quality
1	Color Screen, Price
1	Color Screen, cover Price
1	colouring Screen, Price
1	Color Price, Screen
1	Color cover Screen, Price
1	Screen Color, Price
1	Color Screen, 
1	Screen, Price
1	colour Screen, Price
1	Small, Light, Portable
1	Small, luminance, Portable
1	Small, luminosity, Portable
1	belittled Small, Light, Portable
1	Portable, Light, Small
1	Light, Small, Portable
1	Small, Light, 
1	Small,, Portable
1	modest Small, Light, Portable
1	Features, Battery Life, Portability, Robustness
1	Features, Battery Life,, Robustness
1	Features, shelling Life, Portability, Robustness
1	Features, have Battery Life, Portability, Robustness
1	Life, Battery Features, Portability, Robustness
1	Features, Battery life-time, Portability, Robustness
1	Portability, Battery Life, Features, Robustness
1	Features, Battery, Portability, Robustness
1	Features, Battery Life, portability Portability, Robustness
0	large footprint
0	large footprint
0	vauntingly footprint
0	large 
0	magnanimous large footprint
0	enceinte footprint
0	footprint
0	large turgid footprint
0	footprint large
1	Immediate gratification, Powerful zoom, floppy storage.
1	zoom gratification, Powerful Immediate, floppy storage.
1	Immediate gratification, Powerful zoom, floppy.
1	Immediate gratification, Powerful contiguous zoom, floppy storage.
1	Immediate floppy, Powerful zoom, gratification storage.
1	Immediate gratification, right zoom, floppy storage.
1	Immediate gratification, Powerful zoom, floppy satisfaction storage.
1	Immediate gratification, Powerful zoom, storage.
1	Immediate gratification, mighty zoom, floppy storage.
1	Very reputable brand name
1	Very reputable name
1	Very reputable brandmark name
1	Very reputable name brand
1	brand reputable Very name
1	Very reputable stain brand name
1	Very reputable appoint brand name
1	Very reputable blade name
1	Very brand name
0	Old.
0	former Old.
0	one-time.
0	quondam.
0	Old.
0	erstwhile Old.
1	Image, Speed, Quality, and great Customer Service
1	picture, Speed, Quality, and great Customer Service
1	Image, Speed, Quality, great and Customer Service
1	Image, Speed, Quality, and great Customer 
1	Quality, Speed, Image, and great Customer Service
1	Image, Speed, Quality, hotfoot and great Customer Service
1	Image,, Quality, and great Customer Service
1	Image, Speed, Quality, and dandy Customer Service
1	Image, Speed, Quality, and great Customer keen Service
1	Fast and trouble free
1	Fast and trouble 
1	Fast disturb and trouble free
1	Fast and trouble cark free
1	trouble and Fast free
1	Fast and trouble disembarrass
1	Fast free trouble and
1	and trouble free
1	Fast and incommode free
0	Sub-par sound, awkward menu layout
0	Sub-par intelligent, awkward menu layout
0	Sub-par sound, awkward menu 
0	Sub-par sound, menu awkward layout
0	Sub-par sound, awkward layout
0	layout sound, awkward menu Sub-par
0	Sub-par sound, awkward wakeless menu layout
0	Sub-par vocalise, awkward menu layout
0	Sub-par sound, sticky awkward menu layout
1	8cm CD recorder, light weight, 4 mp, tons of features, records video, and it's Sony!!
1	8cm registrar CD recorder, light weight, 4 mp, tons of features, records video, and it's quaternary Sony!!
1	8cm CD recorder, lite weight, 4 mp, tons of boast, memorialize video, and it's Sony!!
1	8cm CD recorder, light Sony, 4 mp, tons of video, records features, and it's weight!!
1	8cm CD recorder, light weight, immortalise 4 mp, tons of features, records video, and Cd it's Sony!!
1	8cm, weight, 4 mp, tons of features, records video, and it's Sony!!
1	CD recorder, light weight, 4 mp, tons of features, records, and Sony!!
1	8cm and of, light weight, 4 mp, tons recorder features, records video, CD it's Sony!!
1	8cm CD recorder, wanton burden, 4 mp, oodles of features, records video, and it's Sony!!
0	scanning software
0	software
0	read scanning software
0	scanning software
0	rake scanning software
0	scanning package
0	scan software
0	scanning 
0	software scanning
1	Ultra-Compact Size, 4 megapixels, 3x Optical Zoom, Mode Dial &amp; FUNC button  
1	Ultra-Compact Size, button megapixels, 3x Optical Zoom, Mode Dial &amp; FUNC 4  
1	Ultra-Compact Size, 4 megapixels, 3x Optical Zoom, Dial &amp; button  
1	Ultra-Compact, 4 megapixels, Optical Zoom, Mode Dial &amp; FUNC button  
1	Ultra-Compact Size, 4 megapixels, 3x Mode Zoom, Optical Dial &amp; FUNC button  
1	quaternary Ultra-Compact Size, 4 megapixels, 3x Optical Zoom, Mode Dial &amp; FUNC button  
1	Ultra-Compact Size, 4 megapixels, 3x ocular Optical Zoom, Mode Dial &amp; FUNC button  
1	Ultra-Compact sizing, quartet megapixels, 3x Optical Zoom, Mode Dial &amp; FUNC button  
1	Ultra-Compact Size, 4 megapixels, 3x Optical Zoom, fashion Dial &amp; FUNC clitoris  
0	No web access. :(
0	No vane web access. :(
0	net No web access. :(
0	No web approach. :(
0	access web No. :(
0	web access. :(
0	No access. :(
0	No access web. :(
0	No entanglement access. :(
1	Affordable, quick, stylish and, most importantly, great photo printing. Can't beat it for the price.
1	Affordable, quick, stylish and, importantly, great photo printing. Can't beat it price.
1	Affordable, quick, stylish and, price the, great photo printing. Can't beat it for importantly most.
1	Affordable, quick, stylish and, most price, great beat printing. Can't photo it for the importantly.
1	Affordable, quick, stylish and, most importantly, great photo printing. Can't beat it large for IT the price.
1	low-priced, quick, stylish and, most importantly, cracking photo printing. Can't outfox it for the price.
1	Affordable, large quick, stylish and, terms most importantly, great photo printing. Can't beat it for the price.
1	Affordable, quick, stylish, most importantly, great photo. Can't beat it for price.
1	Affordable, spry, stylish and, most importantly, majuscule photo print. Can't beat it for the price.
0	ink runs sometimes, envelope settings wrong
0	ink runs sometimes, context envelope settings wrong
0	ink envelope sometimes, runs settings wrong
0	ink runs, envelope settings wrong
0	ink campaign sometimes, envelope settings wrong
0	ink runs sometimes, settings wrong
0	ink ply sometimes, envelope settings wrong
0	ink runs sometimes, envelope background settings wrong
0	sometimes runs ink, envelope settings wrong
0	Camera has a lower pixel count than some others, no added XD memory card.
0	Camera has a blue pixel reckon than some others, no added XD memory card.
0	Camera has a lower pixel count than some others, no added storage XD memory card.
0	Camera has a lower pixel count than some others, no added XD memory camera card.
0	Camera lower pixel count than some others, no added XD memory card.
0	Camera has a lower pixel count memory some others, no added XD than card.
0	Camera has a downcast pixel count than some others, no added XD memory carte.
0	Camera has a lower count than some others, no added XD memory.
0	Camera has a lower XD count than some others, no added pixel memory card.
0	Easy to use
0	Easy use
0	light to use
0	to use
0	Easy to gentle use
0	Easy use to
0	Easy usage to use
0	Easy to usage
0	use to Easy
1	Price
1	terms
1	Price
1	price Price
1	cost Price
1	cost
1	lots of features, compact size
1	of features, compact size
1	lots of plenty features, compact size
1	lots features of, compact size
1	lots of features, compact 
1	lots of features, compact sizing size
1	much of features, compact size
1	lots of features, pack size
1	lots size features, compact of
0	Long intiation
0	foresightful Long intiation
0	intiation
0	Long long intiation
0	recollective intiation
0	intiation Long
0	foresightful intiation
0	Long 
0	Long intiation
0	State of the art has caught up with and passed this model.
0	State of art has caught up with passed this model.
0	State of the art has view up with and eliminate this model.
0	State of the this has caught up with and passed art model.
0	State of mould the art has caught up with and passed this model.
0	State of top the art has caught up with and passed this model.
0	State of the art caught up and passed this model.
0	State of the art has caught up with and this passed model.
0	State of the art has enchant up with and extend this model.
1	Easy to use, nice entry level digital camera for the price
1	Easy to use, nice entry level digital camera for price the
1	Easy to use, nice entry the digital camera for level price
1	Easy to use, entry level digital camera for price
1	soft to use, nice entry unwavering digital camera for the price
1	Easy to enjoyment, nice entering level digital camera for the price
1	Easy to, nice entry digital camera for the price
1	Easy to use, dainty nice entry level digital camera for the price
1	Easy to entering use, nice entry level digital camera for the price
1	35mm Quality, 3x Optical Zoom, True SLR, Plenty of Storage, Auto-Everything
1	storage 35mm Quality, 3x Optical Zoom, True SLR, Plenty of Storage, Auto-Everything
1	35mm Quality, 3x visual Zoom, true SLR, Plenty of Storage, Auto-Everything
1	35mm prize, 3x Optical Zoom, True SLR, batch of Storage, Auto-Everything
1	35mm Quality, 3x Optical, True SLR, of Storage, Auto-Everything
1	35mm Quality, True Optical Zoom, 3x SLR, Plenty of Storage, Auto-Everything
1	35mm Quality, 3x Optical, True SLR, Plenty of Storage, 
1	35mm Quality, 3x Optical Zoom, hatful True SLR, Plenty of Storage, Auto-Everything
1	35mm Quality, 3x Optical Zoom, SLR True, Plenty of Storage, Auto-Everything
1	Battery Life. 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Convenience
1	Battery Life. 3.Convenience&amp;quot; Floppy 5
1	fin Battery Life. 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Convenience
1	Battery gizmo Life. 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Convenience
1	amp Life. 3.5&Battery;quot; Floppy Convenience
1	Life. 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Convenience
1	Battery Life..5&amp;quot; Floppy Convenience
1	Battery Life. 3.fivesome&amp;quot; Floppy Convenience
1	Battery Life. 3.cinque&amp;quot; Floppy Convenience
0	more noise than the s45 (the s50's 4MP stablemate)
0	noise than the s45 (the s50's 4MP stablemate)
0	more noise than the s45 (the s50's 4MP stablemate)
0	more noise than the s45 (the 4MP stablemate)
0	more haphazardness than the s45 (the s50's 4MP stablemate)
0	more noise 4MP the s45 (the s50's than stablemate)
0	more resound than the s45 (the s50's 4MP stablemate)
1	Excellent design, ergonomic, good battery life, well designed menu.
1	Excellent design, ergonomic, good menu life, well designed battery.
1	good design, ergonomic, Excellent battery life, well designed menu.
1	Excellent design, ergonomic, good battery life, well designed swell menu.
1	Excellent design, ergonomic, good life, well designed menu.
1	intimately Excellent design, ergonomic, good battery life, well designed menu.
1	Excellent, ergonomic, good battery life, well designed menu.
1	Excellent design, ergonomic, good battery life, good designed menu.
1	Excellent design, ergonomic, thoroughly battery life, well designed menu.
1	very easy to take great pictures
1	very easy take great pictures
1	very easy great take to pictures
1	very easy to take gravid pictures
1	very adopt easy to take great pictures
1	very easy to take withdraw great pictures
1	very easy to withdraw great pictures
1	take easy to very great pictures
1	very easy to take great 
0	Price
0	damage Price
0	terms Price
0	Price
0	price
0	toll
1	cost
1	be cost
1	cost
1	be
1	price
1	price cost
1	seperate ink cartridges
1	seperate ink pickup
1	seperate ink pickup cartridges
1	seperate ink 
1	cartridges ink seperate
1	seperate cartridges
1	seperate ink magazine
1	seperate ink magazine cartridges
1	seperate cartridges ink
0	Text Quality was blurry Photos nowhere near the quality of the HP5550 
0	Text Quality was muzzy Photos nowhere near the lineament of the HP5550 
0	Text Quality was the Photos nowhere near blurry quality of the HP5550 
0	Quality was blurry Photos nowhere near the quality of HP5550 
0	Text Quality was blurry photo nowhere close the quality of the HP5550 
0	Text Quality was blurry Photos nowhere the of the HP5550 
0	Text Quality equal was blurry Photos nowhere near the quality of the HP5550 
0	was Quality Text blurry Photos nowhere near the quality of the HP5550 
0	Text Quality was blurry Photos nowhere near photograph the quality of the HP5550 
1	Amazing Printing Quality and Design
1	awesome Printing Quality and Design
1	Amazing Printing Quality Design
1	nonplus Printing Quality and Design
1	Amazing Quality Printing and Design
1	Amazing Design Quality and Printing
1	Amazing Printing Quality impression and Design
1	Amazing Printing Quality and 
1	Amazing tone Printing Quality and Design
0	slightly grainy prints.
0	prints grainy slightly.
0	somewhat grainy prints.
0	slightly prints grainy.
0	slightly grainy.
0	slightly mark grainy prints.
0	grainy prints.
0	granular slightly grainy prints.
0	slightly coarse-grained prints.
0	too many to list
0	too to list
0	too many to name
0	too many to overly list
0	too many list to
0	many to list
0	too many to tilt
0	many too to list
0	too many to name list
1	BRILLIANT color, fast black, HP quality
1	color BRILLIANT, fast black, HP quality
1	BRILLIANT color, fast black, HP 
1	BRILLIANT color, fast blacken, HP quality
1	BRILLIANT HP, fast black, color quality
1	BRILLIANT, fast black, HP quality
1	BRILLIANT color, fast dim, HP quality
1	BRILLIANT color, horsepower fast black, HP quality
1	horsepower BRILLIANT color, fast black, HP quality
1	Has everything I need in a phone and  more
1	Has everything need in a phone and  more
1	Has everything I postulate in a phone and  more
1	Has everything I in a phone and  more
1	Has everything I need in and phone a  more
1	In Has everything I need in a phone and  more
1	Has everything i need in a phone and  more
1	Has everything I a in need phone and  more
1	Has everything sound I need in a phone and  more
1	Easy to Use
1	Easy Use to
1	Easy to employ
1	promiscuous Easy to Use
1	sluttish to Use
1	to Use
1	Easy to 
1	to Easy Use
1	Easy manipulation to Use
0	compact size sometimes a problem, can have battery door problems
0	compact job size sometimes a problem, can have battery door problems
0	compact size sometimes a problem, can have battery birth door problems
0	stocky size sometimes a problem, can have bombardment door problems
0	problems size sometimes a problem, can have battery door compact
0	compress size sometimes a problem, can have shelling door problems
0	compact size sometimes a, can have door problems
0	compact size a sometimes problem, can have battery door problems
0	compact sometimes problem, can have battery door problems
0	Mediocre battery life, Keypad response
0	Mediocre battery life, response Keypad
0	Mediocre life, Keypad response
0	Mediocre life battery, Keypad response
0	Mediocre battery life, Keypad reply response
0	average battery life, Keypad response
0	mediocre battery life, Keypad response
0	Mediocre battery life, Keypad spirit response
0	battery life, Keypad response
1	Caller ID, Voice Activated, Number Saving, Price
1	Caller ID, Voice Activated, number Saving, Price
1	Caller ID, Voice Activated, phoner Number Saving, Price
1	Caller economise ID, Voice Activated, Number Saving, Price
1	Caller ID, Voice, Number Saving, Price
1	Caller ID, Voice Activated, come Saving, Price
1	Caller Price, Voice Activated, Number Saving, ID
1	Caller ID, Voice Saving, Number Activated, Price
1	Caller, Voice Activated, Number Saving, Price
0	nothing specific to this printer, just drawbacks of inkjet printers in general
0	zilch specific to this printer, just drawbacks of inkjet printers in world-wide
0	nothing specific to this printer, printers drawbacks of inkjet just in general
0	nothing specific printer, just drawbacks of inkjet printers in general
0	nothing null specific to this printer, just drawbacks of inkjet printers in general
0	nothing specific to this printer, just in of inkjet printers drawbacks general
0	cypher particular to this printer, just drawbacks of inkjet printers in general
0	nothing specific to this printer, just drawbacks inkjet in general
0	nothing inch specific to this printer, just drawbacks of inkjet printers in general
1	Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
1	what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced functions, it WORKS!!
1	Wow what a camera, wanton to use, has some advanced officiate, and it WORKS!!
1	Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced functions, and it ingest WORKS!!
1	Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some functions, and WORKS!!
1	Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced it, and functions WORKS!!
1	Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some it functions, and advanced WORKS!!
1	Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced light functions, and it WORKS!!
1	Wow what a camera, gentle to use, has some advanced functions, and it bring!!
1	Features, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, clarity, it's like having a phone, Gameboy, PDA in one!
1	Features, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screenland, clarity, it's like having a sound, Gameboy, PDA in i!
1	Features, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, deliver clarity, it's like having a phone, Gameboy, PDA in response one!
1	clarity, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, Features, it's like having in phone, Gameboy, PDA a one!
1	Features, crystal-clear reception, tv-like blind, clarity, it's like having a call, Gameboy, PDA in single!
1	in, crystal-clear like, tv-like screen, clarity, it's reception having a phone, Gameboy, PDA Features one!
1	Features, reception, screen, clarity, like having a phone, Gameboy, PDA in one!
1	Features, crystal-clear reception,, clarity, it's having a phone, Gameboy, PDA in one!
1	Features, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, clarity, it's like having suffer a phone, amp Gameboy, PDA in one!
1	Stylish, SLIM, classy looking
1	Stylish, SLIM, looking classy
1	Stylish, SLIM, stylish classy looking
1	Stylish, SLIM, swish classy looking
1	, SLIM, classy looking
1	Stylish, looking, classy SLIM
1	Stylish, SLIM, looking
1	Stylish, slender, classy looking
1	Stylish, SLIM, classy await
1	small and compact, nice looking, good quality photos
1	small and compact, nice looking, safe quality photos
1	small and compact, nice looking, good caliber photos
1	safe small and compact, nice looking, good quality photos
1	small compact, nice looking, good quality photos
1	photos and compact, nice looking, good quality small
1	small and compact, nice looking, good lineament quality photos
1	small and compact, nice looking, good photos
1	small looking compact, nice and, good quality photos
1	Good Camera
1	camera Good Camera
1	Good Camera
1	Camera Good
1	Good camera Camera
1	Camera
1	unspoilt Camera
1	skillful Camera
1	Good 
0	Large footprint
0	gravid footprint
0	footprint
0	Large step footprint
0	footprint Large
0	Large footprint
0	Large footmark footprint
0	Large 
0	large footprint
0	Battery &amp; software management are not as good newer models
0	Battery &AMP; software management are not as well newer models
0	Battery &amp; software management direction are not as good newer models
0	Battery &amp; software management are not as soundly newer manakin
0	Battery &; software management are not as good models
0	Battery &; software management are not as newer models
0	Battery &amp; software management good not as are newer models
0	Battery &New amp; software management are not as good newer models
0	Battery &amp; models management are not as good newer software
1	Durability, signal, sound quality, camera, size, email pics to yourself.
1	Durability, signal, sound size, camera, quality, email pics to yourself.
1	Durability, signal, heavy sound quality, camera, size, email pics to yourself.
1	Durability, signal, pics quality, camera, size, email sound to yourself.
1	Durability, indicate, go quality, camera, size, email pics to yourself.
1	Durability, signal, sound quality, camera, size, to yourself.
1	enduringness Durability, signal, sound quality, camera, size, email pics to yourself.
1	Durability, indicate, sound quality, camera, size, e-mail pics to yourself.
1	, signal, sound, camera, size, email pics to yourself.
0	USB Cable not included.
0	USB Cable telegraph not included.
0	USB Cable included not.
0	included Cable not USB.
0	USB Cable include not included.
0	USB telegraph not included.
0	USB Cable included.
0	USB cablegram not included.
0	USB Cable not.
1	wide  enough  to  drive and  make  calls
1	wide  enough  to  drive and  make  shout calls
1	wide  enough  to  drive and  make  
1	wide  enough  to  drive calls  make  and
1	wide  decent enough  to  drive and  make  calls
1	wide  enough   drive and  make  calls
1	enough  wide  to  drive and  make  calls
1	wide  enough  to  drive and  make  bid
1	wide  enough  to  drive and  stool  calls
0	HEAVY, QUIRKY, CUMBERSOME
0	CUMBERSOME, QUIRKY, HEAVY
0	ponderous, QUIRKY, CUMBERSOME
0	QUIRKY, HEAVY, CUMBERSOME
0	HEAVY, kinky QUIRKY, CUMBERSOME
0	HEAVY,, CUMBERSOME
0	HEAVY, QUIRKY, 
0	HEAVY, QUIRKY, awkward CUMBERSOME
0	HEAVY, QUIRKY, cumbrous
1	High Resolution, Zoom Capabilities, and User Friendly Camera Manual Instructions and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
1	High Resolution, camera Zoom Capabilities, and User Friendly camera Camera Manual Instructions and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
1	High Resolution, Zoom Capabilities, and direction User Friendly camera Camera Manual Instructions and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
1	High, Zoom Capabilities, and User Friendly Camera Manual Instructions   rechargeable battery and Charger
1	and Resolution, Zoom Capabilities, NI-MH User Friendly Camera Manual Instructions and   High rechargeable battery and Charger
1	heights settlement, Zoom Capabilities, and exploiter Friendly Camera Manual Instructions and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
1	High Resolution, Zoom and, Capabilities User Friendly Camera and Instructions Manual   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
1	High Resolution, Zoom Capabilities, and Camera Manual Instructions and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and 
1	heights Resolution, Zoom potentiality, and exploiter Friendly Camera Manual Instructions and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
1	nice photo prints; print from flash card
1	photo prints; print from flash card
1	nice photo prints; print from card
1	nice photo prints; print from gimcrack card
1	nice photo prints; print trice from flash card
1	nice prints photo; print from flash card
1	from photo prints; print nice flash card
1	nice photo prints; publish from flash card
1	nice photo trice prints; print from flash card
0	I can't afford two
0	I can't afford ace two
0	I afford can't two
0	I afford two
0	I can't two afford
0	I can't iodine afford two
0	I can't two
0	one can't afford two
0	i can't afford two
0	Low resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network sucks, can not be used on other networks.
0	down resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network sucks, can not be expend on other networks.
0	gloomy resolving, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network sucks, can not be used on other networks.
0	Low, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network, can not be used on other networks.
0	Low, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network sucks, can not be used on networks.
0	Low resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint resolve network sucks, can not be used on other networks.
0	Low resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, sucks network Sprint, can not be used on other networks.
0	Low resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network sucks, can not on used be other networks.
0	Low resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network sucks, former can not be used on other networks.
0	resolution only goes up to 640x480, only handles 8mg smartmedia cards
0	resolution only goes only to 640x480, up handles 8mg smartmedia cards
0	resolution only goes up to 640x480, only 8mg handles smartmedia cards
0	solvent only lead up to 640x480, only handles 8mg smartmedia cards
0	only goes up to 640x480, only 8mg smartmedia cards
0	resolution only goes up 640x480, only handles 8mg cards
0	resolution only goes up but to 640x480, only handles 8mg smartmedia cards
0	resolving only croak up to 640x480, only handles 8mg smartmedia cards
0	resolution only goes up to 640x480, handgrip only handles 8mg smartmedia cards
0	No games were included with phone, Nick had to download a few.
0	No games were included with earpiece, nick had to download a few.
0	No game games were included with phone, Nick had to download a few.
0	No games were included phone, Nick had to download a.
0	No games were included phone, Nick had to download few.
0	No games were included with call, chip had to download a few.
0	No games were few with phone, Nick had to download a included.
0	No included were games with phone, Nick had to download a few.
0	No games were included with phone, Nick had to download a chip few.
0	Everything else
0	else
0	Everything 
0	Everything else
0	else Everything
0	Difficult storage area, large size
0	unmanageable storage area, large size
0	area storage Difficult, large size
0	Difficult storage area, size
0	Difficult storehouse area, large size
0	Difficult orbit storage area, large size
0	Difficult storage size, large area
0	Difficult storage area, large sizing size
0	storage area, large size
1	Cheap
1	chintzy Cheap
1	flash
1	tinny
1	cheap Cheap
1	Cheap
1	Wonderful and economic choice
1	wondrous and economic choice
1	choice and economic Wonderful
1	Wonderful and prize economic choice
1	marvelous Wonderful and economic choice
1	Wonderful and economic 
1	Wonderful and economic selection
1	Wonderful choice economic and
1	and economic choice
1	Easy to use and takes good quality pictures
1	quality to use and takes good Easy pictures
1	Easy lineament to use and takes good quality pictures
1	Easy to use and takes good pictures
1	easygoing to use and takes good quality pictures
1	right Easy to use and takes good quality pictures
1	Easy to quality and takes good use pictures
1	Easy to use and rent good quality pictures
1	Easy to and takes good quality pictures
1	Easy SMSing and design.
1	Easy SMSing design and.
1	Easy SMSing design.
1	pattern Easy SMSing and design.
1	Easy and design.
1	Easy SMSing tardily and design.
1	well-to-do SMSing and design.
1	comfortable SMSing and design.
1	design SMSing and Easy.
0	Expensive, not as pocket size as PDR-M4
0	Expensive, not as sack size as PDR-M4
0	Expensive, not as pocket as PDR-M4
0	Expensive, not as scoop size as PDR-M4
0	PDR-M4, not as pocket size as Expensive
0	Expensive, as pocket size as PDR-M4
0	Expensive, not expensive as pocket size as PDR-M4
0	Expensive, not pocket as size as PDR-M4
0	Expensive, not as pocket size as non PDR-M4
1	Excellent buy for the low cost! Works just as well as the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and quick to learn how to use!
1	Excellent buy for As the low cost! Works just wanton as well as the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and quick to learn how to use!
1	Excellent buy for the low to! Works just as well quick the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and as to learn how cost use!
1	Excellent buy for the low cost! Works just to well as the more expensive digital cameras!! use and quick to learn how as Easy!
1	Excellent buy for the bribe low cost! Works just as well as the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and quick to learn only how to use!
1	Excellent steal for the low cost! bring just as substantially as the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and quick to learn how to utilisation!
1	first-class buy for the gloomy cost! Works just as well as the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and agile to learn how to practice!
1	Excellent buy for low cost! Works just as well as the more digital cameras!! Easy and quick to learn how!
1	Excellent buy for the low! Works just as well as the more digital!! Easy and quick to how to use!
0	haven't found any
0	haven't any found
0	haven't found 
0	haven't plant any
0	haven't whatsoever found any
0	any found haven't
0	haven't found ascertain any
0	haven't launch any
0	haven't any
0	slow processor, Voice Recognition, Camera Software
0	processor slow, Voice Recognition, Camera Software
0	slow processor, Voice, Camera Software
0	processor, Voice Recognition, Camera Software
0	slow Recognition, Voice processor, Camera Software
0	wearisome processor, Voice Recognition, Camera Software
0	slow processor, Voice Recognition, software Camera Software
0	slow processor, interpreter Recognition, Camera Software
0	slow processor, camera Voice Recognition, Camera Software
0	Dropped Calls, Bad Battery Life
0	Dropped Calls, Battery Bad Life
0	name Dropped Calls, Bad Battery Life
0	Dropped Calls, badness Battery Life
0	Dropped Calls, Bad Battery 
0	Calls, Bad Battery Life
0	Dropped lifetime Calls, Bad Battery Life
0	Calls Dropped, Bad Battery Life
0	Dropped outcry, Bad Battery Life
1	Looks nice
1	Looks see nice
1	nice Looks
1	Looks wait nice
1	flavour nice
1	smell nice
1	Looks 
1	Looks nice
1	nice
1	Does a lot
1	Does a 
1	Does axerophthol a lot
1	Does lot a
1	Does a band
1	a Does lot
1	Does a muckle
1	deal Does a lot
1	a lot
0	Jams a lot; jams are difficult to re-start
0	Jams a lot; difficult are jams to re-start
0	a lot; jams are difficult to re-start
0	Jams a lot; block are difficult to re-start
0	Jams a lot; are difficult to re-start
0	Jams a lot; jams equal are difficult to re-start
0	Jams a lot; jams are portion difficult to re-start
0	Jams a difficult; jams are lot to re-start
0	Jams a pile; jams are difficult to re-start
0	none really
0	really
0	none very
0	none 
0	really none
0	none actually
0	none really
0	truly none really
0	To get use with the menu sometimes seems a little bit strange
0	To get use short with the menu sometimes seems a little bit strange
0	To get use with the menu sometimes seems a little bit practice strange
0	To get use with the menu sometimes seems a strange
0	To use with the menu sometimes seems little bit strange
0	To get use with the menu sometimes seems little a bit strange
0	To get use with the menu sometimes little a seems bit strange
0	To beat use with the menu sometimes seems a little mo strange
0	To bring use with the menu sometimes seems a trivial bit strange
0	horrible service, nothing but problems
0	horrible job service, nothing but problems
0	ugly horrible service, nothing but problems
0	horrible, nothing but problems
0	horrible service, but nothing problems
0	problems service, nothing but horrible
0	horrible servicing, nothing but problems
0	horrible service, zilch but problems
0	horrible service, but problems
1	fast, standalone, powerful
1	fast, powerful, standalone
1	immobile, standalone, powerful
1	fast,, powerful
1	powerful, standalone, fast
1	right fast, standalone, powerful
1	dissipated, standalone, powerful
1	sinewy fast, standalone, powerful
1	fast, standalone, 
0	Slow
0	dumb Slow
0	wearisome Slow
0	slowly
0	easy
0	Slow
0	Bad quality finish. Poor connector to the charger. Drops calls after 15 minutes.
0	Bad quality finish. Poor connector to the charger. Drops calls after connecter 15 minutes.
0	Bad quality finish. Poor connector to the charger. Drops prognosticate after 15 instant.
0	Bad quality finish. Poor connector to. Drops calls after 15 minutes.
0	Bad quality finish. later Poor connector to the charger. Drops calls after 15 minutes.
0	Bad quality finishing. Poor connector to the charger. drop-off calls after 15 minutes.
0	Bad quality. Poor connector to the. Drops calls after 15 minutes.
0	the quality finish. Poor connector to Bad charger. Drops calls after 15 minutes.
0	Bad quality finish. Poor connector after the charger. Drops calls to 15 minutes.
1	vivid color pictures, sharp text
1	vivid color pictures, penetrative text
1	vivid textbook color pictures, sharp text
1	vivid color pictures, text sharp
1	vivid color pictures, text
1	vivid color, sharp text
1	vivid color pic, sharp text
1	vivid color lifelike pictures, sharp text
1	pictures color vivid, sharp text
1	Looks cool
1	flavor cool
1	face cool
1	count Looks cool
1	aplomb Looks cool
1	Looks 
1	cool
1	cool Looks
1	Looks cool
0	Numerous settings can be confusing to the casual user.
0	Numerous settings can be perfunctory confusing to the casual user.
0	settings can be confusing to the casual user.
0	user settings can be confusing to the casual Numerous.
0	Numerous settings can be bedevil to the casual user.
0	casual settings can be confusing to the Numerous user.
0	Numerous can be confusing to the casual user.
0	Numerous settings can be numerous confusing to the casual user.
0	Numerous scene can be confusing to the casual user.
1	6X Zoom, Incredibly Sharp Detail
1	6X Zoom, Sharp Detail
1	6X soar, Incredibly Sharp Detail
1	Incredibly Zoom, 6X Sharp Detail
1	6X whizz, Incredibly Sharp Detail
1	point 6X Zoom, Incredibly Sharp Detail
1	6X Zoom, Incredibly item Sharp Detail
1	6X Detail, Incredibly Sharp Zoom
1	Zoom, Incredibly Sharp Detail
0	expensive upfront cost and consumerables, slow to warm up out of standby mode
0	expensive upfront cost and consumerables, slow astir to warm up out of standby mode
0	expensive upfront cost and consumerables, tiresome to tender up out of standby mode
0	expensive upfront cost and consumerables, slow to warm up out toll of standby mode
0	expensive upfront cost consumerables, slow to warm out of standby mode
0	upfront cost and consumerables, slow to warm up out of mode
0	expensive upfront cost and consumerables, slack to warm up out of understudy mode
0	standby upfront cost and consumerables, slow to warm up out of expensive mode
0	expensive cost upfront and consumerables, slow to warm up out of standby mode
0	Just a Bit Pricey!
0	Just a turn Pricey!
0	Just a Bit!
0	Bit a Just Pricey!
0	Pricey a Bit Just!
0	ampere Just a Bit Pricey!
0	Just a scrap Pricey!
0	a Bit Pricey!
0	Just a Bit fair Pricey!
1	Good Speed, High Quality Images
1	Good speed Speed, High Quality Images
1	High Speed, Good Quality Images
1	Good Speed, Quality Images
1	skillful Speed, High Quality Images
1	upright Speed, High Quality Images
1	Good Quality, High Speed Images
1	Good, High Quality Images
1	Good tone Speed, High Quality Images
0	I don't like them
0	I them like don't
0	I don't them
0	don't I like them
0	I don't ilk them
0	I don't like comparable them
0	I similar don't like them
0	I don't same them
0	I like them
0	Pricey, no analog ability
0	ability, no analog Pricey
0	Pricey, no ability
0	Pricey, no analog 
0	Pricey, ability analog no
0	Pricey, no power analog ability
0	Pricey, no parallel analog ability
0	Pricey, no analog power
0	Pricey, no analogue ability
1	Clear print -- but only for a few short jobs. That's it.
1	clear print -- but only for a few light jobs. That's it.
1	enlighten print -- but only for a few brusque jobs. That's it.
1	Clear publish print -- but only for a few short jobs. That's it.
1	print -- but only for a few short jobs. That's.
1	Clear print -- it only for a few short jobs. That's but.
1	Clear but -- print only for a few short jobs. That's it.
1	Clear print -- but only exculpate for a few short jobs. That's it.
1	Clear -- but only for few short jobs. That's it.
1	superb pic quality, easy of use
1	superb pic quality, easy of function use
1	superb pic quality, of use
1	superb easy quality, pic of use
1	superb picture quality, easy of use
1	brilliant superb pic quality, easy of use
1	superb pic, easy of use
1	superb use quality, easy of pic
1	superb pic quality, well-heeled of use
0	BATTERY LIFE COULD BE A LITTLE BETTER
0	BATTERY safe LIFE COULD BE A LITTLE BETTER
0	BATTERY LIFE COULD BE LITTLE BETTER
0	BATTERY LIFE COULD BE A LITTLE just
0	BATTERY LIFE COULD A LITTLE BETTER
0	BATTERY LIFE COULD BE A BETTER LITTLE
0	BATTERY LITTLE COULD BE A LIFE BETTER
0	BATTERY LIFE COULD BE axerophthol LITTLE BETTER
0	BATTERY LIFE COULD BE A life LITTLE BETTER
1	quality pictures
1	flick quality pictures
1	pictures
1	lineament pictures
1	quality 
1	pictures quality
1	quality pictures
1	calibre pictures
1	quality visualize pictures
0	fingerprint smudges, okay camera, pricy with no plan
0	fingerprint smudges, okay camera, pricy with sanction no plan
0	plan smudges, okay camera, pricy with no fingerprint
0	fingerprint smudges, okay camera, pricy with dear no plan
0	fingerprint smudges, okay camera, dear with no plan
0	fingerprint daub, okay camera, pricy with no plan
0	fingerprint smudges, okay pricy, camera with no plan
0	fingerprint smudges, camera, pricy with no plan
0	fingerprint smudges, okay camera, with no plan
0	antenna suscepitble to breaking easily
0	antenna suscepitble easily breaking to
0	antenna suscepitble to split easily
0	antenna feeler suscepitble to breaking easily
0	antenna suscepitble to breaking infract easily
0	antenna suscepitble to die easily
0	antenna suscepitble to breaking 
0	antenna to breaking easily
0	to suscepitble antenna breaking easily
1	Great quality pics,compact and a great buy at $400
1	Great quality,compact and a buy at $400
1	Great tone pics,compact and a corking buy at $400
1	Great quality pics,compact and a 400 buy at $great
1	big quality pics,compact and a great bargain at $400
1	Great quality pics,compact and a purchase great buy at $400
1	Great quality pics,compact and a buy $400
1	Great compact pics,quality and a great buy at $400
1	Great quality pics,compact and a cd great buy at $400
0	Not the best print quality but gets the job done.
0	Not the best print quality the job done.
0	impress Not the best print quality but gets the job done.
0	Not the best print quality but gets the line cause.
0	Not the best print quality but gets the done job.
0	Not the trump print quality but incur the job done.
0	the Not best print quality but gets the job done.
0	Not the do best print quality but gets the job done.
0	the best print quality but gets the job.
0	makes a bit of noise, takes time on quality print jobs
0	makes a bit of noise, takes publish time on quality print jobs
0	makes a bit on noise, takes time of quality print jobs
0	makes a bit of noise, takes on quality jobs
0	a of noise, takes time on quality print jobs
0	work a bit of noise, takes time on quality print business
0	makes a bit publish of noise, takes time on quality print jobs
0	makes a quality of noise, takes time on bit print jobs
0	makes a bit of noise, acquire meter on quality print jobs
0	Average color printing quality
0	Average colorize printing quality
0	distort Average color printing quality
0	quality color printing Average
0	intermediate color printing quality
0	Average color quality
0	color Average printing quality
0	Average color printing discolour quality
0	Average printing quality
1	ease of use, fast B/W prints, small driver footprint
1	boron ease of use, fast B/W prints, small driver footprint
1	ease of, fast/W prints, small driver footprint
1	ease of use, fast small/W prints, B driver footprint
1	bacillus ease of use, fast B/W prints, small driver footprint
1	ease use, B/W prints, small driver footprint
1	ease of use, fast boron/W mark, small driver footprint
1	comfort of use, fast B/W prints, diminished driver footprint
1	ease prints use, fast B/W of, small driver footprint
0	Battery usage(without AC adapter), Zoom is not great.
0	Battery usage(without AC adapter), is not great.
0	Battery usage(without not adapter), Zoom is AC great.
0	Battery usage(is AC adapter), Zoom without not great.
0	Battery usage(without non AC adapter), Zoom is not great.
0	Battery usage(without AC adapter), soar is not great.
0	shelling usage(without AC adapter), Zoom is not great.
0	Battery usage(without AC adapter), Zoom is great.
0	shelling Battery usage(without AC adapter), Zoom is not great.
0	Unavailability of service in areas
0	Unavailability service in areas
0	Unavailability of service in orbit
0	Unavailability of service in arena
0	Unavailability arena of service in areas
0	of service in areas
0	Unavailability of service expanse in areas
0	of Unavailability service in areas
0	in of service Unavailability areas
0	Accessories hard to find
0	Accessories toilsome to find
0	to hard Accessories find
0	Accessories find to hard
0	Accessories hard to 
0	Accessories knockout to find
0	Accessories to find
0	supplement Accessories hard to find
0	Accessories feel hard to find
1	Lightweight, Good Quality, Easy to Maneuver
1	Lightweight, Good dependable Quality, Easy to Maneuver
1	Lightweight, Good Quality, Easy to head
1	Lightweight, Good to, Easy Quality Maneuver
1	Lightweight, Good Quality, to Maneuver
1	Lightweight, Good, Easy to Maneuver
1	Lightweight, safe Quality, Easy to Maneuver
1	Good, Lightweight Quality, Easy to Maneuver
1	Lightweight, Good manoeuver Quality, Easy to Maneuver
1	Small size, Zoom
1	Small, Zoom
1	Small size, whizz Zoom
1	Small sizing size, Zoom
1	little size, Zoom
1	pocket-size size, Zoom
1	Small Zoom, size
1	Zoom size, Small
1	Small size, 
1	Photo realistic prints, borderless printing, accepts roll paper
1	Photo realistic prints, borderless printing, naturalistic accepts roll paper
1	Photo realistic prints, borderless printing, consent roll paper
1	roll realistic prints, borderless printing, accepts Photo paper
1	Photo realistic prints, borderless printing, accepts roll 
1	Photo realistic, borderless printing, accepts roll paper
1	Photo realistic newspaper prints, borderless printing, accepts roll paper
1	Photo realistic prints, borderless paper, accepts roll printing
1	Photo realistic prints, borderless printing, accepts roller paper
0	Button traces on the screen. Service plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
0	Button trace on the sort. Service plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
0	traces Button on the screen. Service plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
0	Button traces on. Service plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
0	button vestige on the screen. Service plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
0	Button traces cost the screen. Service plans on too much. 200 bucks.
0	Button traces on covert the screen. Service plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
0	Button the screen. Service plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
0	Button traces on the screen. Service blind plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
0	Durability, Lack of Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
0	speakerphone Durability, Lack of Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
0	Durability, Lack strength of Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
0	durability, Lack of Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
0	Lack, Durability of Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
0	Durability, Lack Ringtones Speakerphone, of, BATTERY!
0	Durability, of Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
0	Durability, want of Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
0	Durability, Lack of, Ringtones, BATTERY!
0	Had to replace once, nothing else. This phone is excellent.
0	Had replace once, nothing else. phone is excellent.
0	Had to replace once, This else. nothing phone is excellent.
0	Had to replace once,. This phone is excellent.
0	personify Had to replace once, nothing else. This phone is excellent.
0	phone to replace once, nothing else. This Had is excellent.
0	Had to replace once, nothing else. This phone is interchange excellent.
0	cause to substitute once, nothing else. This phone is excellent.
0	experience to replace once, nothing else. This call is excellent.
0	Battery life (minor problem)
0	minor life (Battery problem)
0	Battery life (nestling minor problem)
0	Battery life (small-scale problem)
0	fry Battery life (minor problem)
0	Battery life (pocket-sized problem)
0	Battery life (problem minor)
0	Battery (minor problem)
0	life (minor problem)
1	small size, cool look, headset
1	small, cool look, headset
1	small size, look cool, headset
1	size, cool look, headset
1	small size, cool appear look, headset
1	small size, cool search, headset
1	small size, poise look, headset
1	small cool, size look, headset
1	assuredness small size, cool look, headset
1	Small, good quality pics
1	Small, good pics
1	belittled, good quality pics
1	Small, good quality exposure pics
1	pics, good quality Small
1	pic Small, good quality pics
1	Small, pics quality good
1	Small, good quality photograph
1	, good quality pics
0	Flash a little weak.  No sound with movies(not a huge con).
0	Flash a little weak.  flick No sound with movies(not a huge con).
0	Flash a little feeble.  No voice with movies(not a huge con).
0	wink a little weak.  No level-headed with movies(not a huge con).
0	Flash a little.  No sound with(not a huge con).
0	Flash a little weak.  No sound with movies(not a faint huge con).
0	Flash a sound weak.  No little with movies(not a huge con).
0	a little weak.  No sound with movies(not a con).
0	Flash with little weak.  No sound a movies(not a huge con).
0	Still not a top quality printer.
0	Still printer a top quality not.
0	Still not pressman a top quality printer.
0	Still not a quality printer.
0	Still a top quality printer.
0	Still not a pinch quality printer.
0	Still stillness not a top quality printer.
0	however not a top quality printer.
0	Still not printer top quality a.
0	Questionable quality and occasional smudging.
0	Questionable quality and occasional blur smudging.
0	Questionable character and occasional smudging.
0	Questionable and quality occasional smudging.
0	Questionable smudge quality and occasional smudging.
0	Questionable and occasional smudging.
0	Questionable quality and occasional.
0	smudging quality and occasional Questionable.
0	Questionable quality and episodic smudging.
0	Hard to add ringtones, bulbous antenna. Not much of a PDA.
0	Hard to add, bulbous antenna. Not much of PDA.
0	Hard add ringtones, antenna. Not much of a PDA.
0	Hard to ADHD ringtones, bulging antenna. Not much of a PDA.
0	Hard to add ringtones, bulbous antenna. aerial Not much of a PDA.
0	Hard to add ringtones, bulbous antenna. Not a of much PDA.
0	Hard to total ringtones, bulbous antenna. Not often of a PDA.
0	to Hard add ringtones, bulbous antenna. Not much of a PDA.
0	Hard aerial to add ringtones, bulbous antenna. Not much of a PDA.
1	Elegance appearance with a slim and graceful figure; strong function positioning, and abundant personal designing.
1	Elegance appearance with a slim and graceful trope; strong operate emplacement, and abundant personal designing.
1	Elegance with a slim and figure; strong positioning, and abundant personal designing.
1	Elegance appearance refined with a slim and graceful figure; strong function positioning, and estimate abundant personal designing.
1	Elegance appearance with a figure; strong function positioning, and abundant personal designing.
1	Elegance appearance with a slim and graceful unassailable figure; strong strong function positioning, and abundant personal designing.
1	Elegance function a with slim and graceful figure; strong appearance positioning, and abundant personal designing.
1	Elegance appearance with function graceful and slim figure; strong a positioning, and abundant personal designing.
1	Elegance appearance with a slim and graceful visualize; strong office put, and abundant personal designing.
0	external antena can break, black/white screen, lousy games
0	external antena can break, black/white screen, inkiness lousy games
0	external antena white break, black/can screen, lousy games
0	external antena can break, black/white screen, games
0	external white can break, black/antena screen, lousy games
0	external antena can, black/white screen, lousy games
0	external antena can suspension, black/white screen, lousy games
0	external antena can break, black/rotten white screen, lousy games
0	external antena can break, black/Caucasian screen, lousy games
1	Easy to use
1	Easy use to
1	consumption Easy to use
1	use to Easy
1	well-to-do to use
1	soft Easy to use
1	to use
1	well-fixed to use
1	Easy to 
1	When it works it is fast, high quality and has a small desktop footprint
1	When it works it is fast, high quality and has a background small desktop footprint
1	When it works it is fast, high quality and has a small adenine desktop footprint
1	When it works it is fast, high quality and has desktop footprint
1	When it works it is, high quality and has a small footprint
1	When it works it quality fast, high is and has a small desktop footprint
1	When it process it is fast, high lineament and has a small desktop footprint
1	When a works it is fast, high quality and has it small desktop footprint
1	When it works it is fast, luxuriously tone and has a small desktop footprint
1	Worthy replacement to the 950 and 990.
1	Worthy replacement the 950 and 990.
1	Worthy replacement to 990 950 and the.
1	desirable replacement to the 950 and 990.
1	Worthy replacement to the 990 and 950.
1	Worthy surrogate to the 950 and 990.
1	replacement to the 950 and 990.
1	Worthy replacement to the 950 and 990.
1	Big screen. PDA and Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
1	Big screen. PDA Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
1	Big PDA. screen and Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
1	Big and. PDA screen Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
1	Big covert. PDA and Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
1	Big screen. PDA and Phone in unmatched. MP3 ringtones.
1	Big screen. PDA and Phone indium in one. MP3 ringtones.
1	Big screen. PDA and Phone in one. MP3.
1	Big screen. PDA and Phone in one. openhanded MP3 ringtones.
0	big stroller
0	stroller
0	giving stroller
0	bragging stroller
0	big stroller
0	big 
0	boastfully big stroller
0	stroller big
0	big great stroller
1	Exellent quality pictures
1	Exellent quality prime pictures
1	pictures quality Exellent
1	Exellent pictures
1	Exellent choice pictures
1	Exellent quality ikon
1	Exellent quality 
1	characterisation Exellent quality pictures
1	Exellent pictures quality
1	1.3 megapixel, quality shots, easy to use, 3x zoom
1	1.3 megapixel, quality, to use, 3x zoom
1	1.3 megapixel, quality shots, to easy use, 3x zoom
1	1.3 megapixel, shots quality, easy to use, 3x zoom
1	1.3 megapixel, quality shots, to use, zoom
1	1.3 megapixel, quality shots, easy to use, 3x surge zoom
1	1.3 megapixel, quality crack, comfortable to use, 3x zoom
1	1.3 megapixel, quality shots, tardily to habituate, 3x zoom
1	1.3 megapixel, quality shots, easy to soft use, 3x zoom
1	Excellent print quality, extremely inexpensive.
1	Excellent impress quality, extremely inexpensive.
1	Excellent print quality, inexpensive extremely.
1	Excellent exceedingly print quality, extremely inexpensive.
1	Excellent mark quality, extremely inexpensive.
1	Excellent quality, extremely inexpensive.
1	Excellent quality print, extremely inexpensive.
1	Excellent print, extremely inexpensive.
1	Excellent print fantabulous quality, extremely inexpensive.
1	Durable, Clear Reception, Easy to use interface
1	Durable, cleared Clear Reception, Easy to use interface
1	Durable, crystallize Reception, Easy to use interface
1	Durable, purpose Clear Reception, Easy to use interface
1	Durable, Clear Reception, Easy to interface
1	Durable, Reception, Easy to use interface
1	Durable, Clear Reception, wanton to use interface
1	use, Clear Reception, Easy to Durable interface
1	Durable, Easy Reception, Clear to use interface
1	None come to mind
1	None come mind
1	None come to derive mind
1	come to mind
1	None come to intellect
1	None descend to mind
1	come None to mind
1	None to come mind
1	None come to follow mind
1	Very stylish, great features & is the ideal fashion accessory!
1	rattling Very stylish, great features & is the ideal fashion accessory!
1	Very stylish, great features & the ideal fashion accessory!
1	Very stylish, corking great features & is the ideal fashion accessory!
1	Very stylish, great sport & is the ideal fashion accessory!
1	Very stylish, great features & is the accessory fashion ideal!
1	Very stylish, large features & is the ideal fashion accessory!
1	Very stylish, great accessory & is the ideal fashion features!
1	Very stylish, great & is the ideal fashion accessory!
0	poor mpeg movie quality
0	poor movie quality
0	poor mpeg movie flick quality
0	quality mpeg movie poor
0	short mpeg movie quality
0	poor mpeg tone movie quality
0	poor mpeg quality
0	movie mpeg poor quality
0	poor mpeg movie choice
1	Cheap, great quality pictures
1	Cheap, great timbre quality pictures
1	, great quality pictures
1	Cheap, great quality photograph
1	Cheap, great pictures quality
1	Cheap, great pictures
1	Cheap, neat quality pictures
1	icon Cheap, great quality pictures
1	pictures, great quality Cheap
0	Too slow for those with high speed needs
0	Too slow for those with high speed postulate
0	Too slow for high with those speed needs
0	Too slow for those with high speed 
0	Too slow for those with motivation high speed needs
0	Too slow heights for those with high speed needs
0	Too slow for speed with high those needs
0	Too slow for those with speed needs
0	Too slowly for those with high speed needs
1	Inexpensive Photo Quality
1	Inexpensive Photo tone
1	Inexpensive Quality
1	Photo Inexpensive Quality
1	Inexpensive Photo choice
1	Inexpensive Photo photo Quality
1	Quality Photo Inexpensive
1	Inexpensive Photo 
1	Inexpensive Photo timber Quality
0	None
0	none None
0	None
0	none
1	Free with some plans
1	liberate with some plans
1	Free with some 
1	Free with approximately some plans
1	Free some with plans
1	contrive Free with some plans
1	Free with some project
1	Free some plans
1	some with Free plans
0	Ink is harder to find.  
0	Ink is laborious to find.  
0	Ink is live harder to find.  
0	Ink is harder to recover.  
0	Ink is find to harder.  
0	Ink is ink harder to find.  
0	Ink is harder find.  
0	Ink is to find.  
0	Ink harder is to find.  
0	Disconnected on lengthy calls, but good for someone who isn't on all the time.
0	Disconnected on lengthy calls, safe but good for someone who isn't on all the time.
0	Disconnected calls, but good for someone who isn't on all the time.
0	Disconnected lengthy calls, but good for someone who isn't on all the.
0	Disconnected on lengthy phone, but skillful for someone who isn't on all the time.
0	Disconnected on lengthy calls, but confused good for someone who isn't on all the time.
0	Disconnected on lengthy name, but ripe for someone who isn't on all the time.
0	calls on lengthy Disconnected, but good for someone who isn't on all the time.
0	Disconnected on lengthy calls, but good for someone all isn't on who the time.
1	compact, photo  quality, quiet
1	compact, photo  quality, pic quiet
1	compact, photo  quality, tranquillize
1	compact, photo  quality, tone quiet
1	compact, photo  quality, unruffled
1	compact,  quality, quiet
1	photo, compact  quality, quiet
1	compact, photo  quality, 
1	compact, photo  quiet, quality
1	Good Output, Nice DPI
1	Good Output, Nice outturn DPI
1	Output, Nice DPI
1	Good Output, DPI Nice
1	Nice Output, Good DPI
1	Good yield Output, Nice DPI
1	Good Output, DPI
1	respectable Output, Nice DPI
1	expert Output, Nice DPI
1	Great value...Packed with features...Easy to use...Large lcd screen...Sharp pictures
1	Great value...Packed with features...Easy pictures use...Large lcd screen...Sharp to
1	Great value... with features...Easy to use...Large screen...Sharp pictures
1	Great value...Packed with features...Easy filmdom to use...Large lcd screen...Sharp pictures
1	Great value...bundle with features...Easy to expend...Large lcd screen...Sharp pictures
1	Great screen...Packed with features...Easy to use...Large lcd value...Sharp pictures
1	Great value...Packed features...Easy to use...Large lcd screen...Sharp 
1	Great test value...Packed with features...Easy to use...Large lcd screen...Sharp pictures
1	smashing value...Packed with have...Easy to use...Large lcd screen...Sharp pictures
0	Difficult to turn phone off and on
0	Difficult to turn phone off and 
0	unmanageable Difficult to turn phone off and on
0	Difficult to on phone off and turn
0	Difficult to sour phone off and on
0	Difficult to turn phone and on
0	Difficult to round phone off and on
0	Difficult to turn phone unmanageable off and on
0	phone to turn Difficult off and on
1	Small, 3x optical zoom, intuitive controls.
1	diminished, 3x optical zoom, intuitive controls.
1	optical, 3x Small zoom, intuitive controls.
1	Small, 3x optical zoom, optic intuitive controls.
1	Small, 3x optical zoom, intuitive.
1	Small, optical zoom, intuitive controls.
1	Small, 3x optical ascendancy zoom, intuitive controls.
1	Small, 3x intuitive zoom, optical controls.
1	Small, 3x optical zoom, intuitive see.
0	Battery life is so poor it makes it prohibitive to use.
0	Battery animation is so poor it urinate it prohibitive to use.
0	bombardment life is so poor it urinate it prohibitive to use.
0	Battery life is so it it prohibitive to use.
0	is life Battery so poor it makes it prohibitive to use.
0	Battery life is so gain poor it makes it prohibitive to use.
0	Battery life is so poor it makes it prohibitive to lifespan use.
0	Battery life so poor it it prohibitive to use.
0	Battery life poor so is it makes it prohibitive to use.
1	Great zoom lens
1	Great lens
1	Great zoom whizz lens
1	neat zoom lens
1	zoom lens
1	surge Great zoom lens
1	smashing zoom lens
1	lens zoom Great
1	Great lens zoom
1	Color screen,speaker phone,camera capability,and the web.
1	Color screen,camera phone,speaker capability,and the web.
1	Color screen, phone,camera capability,and the web.
1	Color screen,utterer phone,camera capability,and the web.
1	Color screen,speaker sound,camera capability,and the web.
1	Color screen,speaker phone,and capability,camera the web.
1	Color verbaliser screen,speaker phone,camera capability,and the web.
1	Color screen,speaker phone,camera capability,and web.
1	Color screen,speaker phone,camera colouring capability,and the web.
0	you need a big hardrive to download photos
0	you need a big hardrive to download picture
0	you motivation need a big hardrive to download photos
0	you a big hardrive to download photos
0	you need a big hardrive to amp download photos
0	you need a big hardrive to photos
0	big need a you hardrive to download photos
0	you need big a hardrive to download photos
0	you need a liberal hardrive to download photos
0	Very few--only outdated by newer technology
0	Very few--only very outdated by newer technology
0	Very few--only out-of-date by newer technology
0	Very few--only outdated by newer selfsame technology
0	Very outdated by newer technology
0	Very few--only outdated newer technology
0	Very few--only outdated by Modern technology
0	Very by outdated few--only newer technology
0	few--only Very outdated by newer technology
0	For the price of the product, none.  
0	For the toll of the product, none.  
0	For the price of the product, none.  
0	For the of the product, none.  
0	the price of the product, none.  
0	For the price the of product, none.  
0	For the price of the toll product, none.  
0	product the price of the For, none.  
0	For the price of the production, none.  
0	You will never be able to move it again
0	You constitute will never be able to move it again
0	You will never be prompt able to move it again
0	You will never be to able move it again
0	You will never be able move it again
0	You will never be able to impress it again
0	You will never be able to it again
0	You will never be able to strike it again
0	You will never be able again move it to
1	Wonderful Quaility
1	grand Quaility
1	Quaility
1	Wonderful tremendous Quaility
1	Wonderful 
1	Quaility Wonderful
1	Wonderful Quaility
1	rattling Wonderful Quaility
1	rattling Quaility
0	Finding a vendor that carries the phone
0	Finding a vendor that carries phone the
0	Finding a vendor carries the phone
0	Finding a vendor that carries the finding phone
0	Finding a vendor that post the phone
0	determination a vendor that carries the phone
0	phone a vendor that carries the Finding
0	Finding a marketer vendor that carries the phone
0	Finding a vendor that carries the 
1	VERY Nice printer/scanner
1	printer Nice VERY/scanner
1	identical VERY Nice printer/scanner
1	VERY printer Nice/scanner
1	VERY nice printer/scanner
1	rattling Nice printer/scanner
1	VERY Nice very printer/scanner
1	VERY Nice printer/
1	VERY printer/scanner
0	poor, poor reliability
0	poor, poor 
0	poor, poor reliability
0	reliability, poor poor
0	misfortunate poor, poor reliability
0	pathetic, poor reliability
0	poor, reliability
0	poor, poor dependableness
0	hapless poor, poor reliability
1	Very easy to use.  Great pictures on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
1	Very easy to use.  Great pictures on computer/printer.  Enough features along to satisfy anyone
1	Very on to use.  Great pictures easy computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
1	easy to use.  Great pictures on computer/printer.  features to satisfy anyone
1	Very easy anyone use.  Great pictures on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy to
1	Very easy to employ.  Great pictures on reckoner/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
1	Very wanton to use.  Great pic on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
1	Very easy to use.  Great pictures role on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
1	Very easy to use.  Great pictures on/printer.  Enough features satisfy anyone
1	Excellent quality printing, I prefer it to any other...
1	Excellent quality printing, 1 prefer it to any other...
1	Excellent quality printing, iodin prefer it to any other...
1	Excellent quality printing, I it prefer to any other...
1	Excellent quality print printing, I prefer it to any other...
1	Excellent quality printing, I it to any other...
1	Excellent quality printing, whatever I prefer it to any other...
1	Excellent quality prefer, I printing it to any other...
1	Excellent quality, I prefer it to any other...
0	I have not found any yet.  Costly Ink Cartridges
0	yet have not found any I.  Costly Ink Cartridges
0	I have whatsoever not found any yet.  Costly Ink Cartridges
0	I have not found any.  Costly Ink Cartridges
0	I have not found any yet.  Costly Ink magazine
0	I have not costly found any yet.  Costly Ink Cartridges
0	I have Cartridges found any yet.  Costly Ink not
0	I have not found any hitherto.  Costly Ink Cartridges
0	I have not found any yet.  Costly Ink 
0	A bit heavy to carry around all day.
0	A bit heavy to carry day all around.
0	A bit sound to carry around all day.
0	A bit all to carry around heavy day.
0	A bit heavy to carry all day.
0	A bit heavy carry around all day.
0	A bit heavy to contain around all day.
0	A bit daylight heavy to carry around all day.
0	A bit heavy to carry roughly around all day.
0	cost of ink cartridges
0	cost of ink be cartridges
0	cost of cartridges ink
0	be of ink cartridges
0	cost of ink cartridge
0	cost of cartridge ink cartridges
0	cost of cartridges
0	of cost ink cartridges
0	of ink cartridges
1	easy to use
1	easy to 
1	easy to habituate
1	easy use
1	easy comfortable to use
1	easy sluttish to use
1	easy to purpose
1	easy use to
1	to easy use
1	small, easy to carry, stylish, takes good pictures for the price of the phone
1	small, easy to carry, stylish, takes good pictures honest for the price of the phone
1	small, easy to carry, stylish, learn good characterisation for the price of the phone
1	small, of to carry, stylish, takes good pictures for the price easy the phone
1	small, easy to,, takes good pictures for the price of the phone
1	small, easy to carry, stylish, takes good photo for the price of the headphone
1	, easy to carry, stylish, takes pictures for the price of the phone
1	small, easy to carry, stylish, takes the pictures for good price of the phone
1	small, pic easy to carry, stylish, takes good pictures for the price of the phone
0	Software suite, serial connection vs. USB
0	Software suite, vs connection serial. USB
0	Software suite, serial connection vanadium. USB
0	Software suite, serial connection vs. sequential USB
0	Software suite, serial connection retinue vs. USB
0	Software connection, serial suite vs. USB
0	Software suite, serial connection quintet. USB
0	Software suite, connection vs. USB
0	Software, serial connection vs. USB
1	Good Software feature
1	feature Software Good
1	secure Software feature
1	Good software feature
1	Good Software software feature
1	lineament Good Software feature
1	Software Good feature
1	Good feature
1	Software feature
0	No optical zoom, port covers flimsy, flash needs recharging time, limited options
0	No optical zoom, port covers flimsy, flash needs recharge time, modified options
0	No optical zoom, port covers flimsy, flash selection needs recharging time, limited options
0	No optical zoom, port covers flimsy, needs flash recharging time, limited options
0	No optical zoom, flimsy covers port, flash needs recharging time, limited options
0	No optical, port covers flimsy, flash recharging time, limited options
0	No optical zoom, port covers flimsy, newsbreak indigence recharging time, limited options
0	No optical zoom, port covers flimsy, flash time, limited options
0	No optical zoom, port covers flimsy, alternative flash needs recharging time, limited options
0	Poor reception/dropped calls, ineffective vibrate mode, some design flaws
0	Poor reception/dropped, ineffective mode, some design flaws
0	Poor reception/dropped calls, ineffective vibrate mode, around some design flaws
0	Poor reception/dropped claim, ineffective vacillate mode, some design flaws
0	receipt Poor reception/dropped calls, ineffective vibrate mode, some design flaws
0	Poor reception/dropped calls, ineffective flaws mode, some design vibrate
0	Poor reception/dropped calls, ineffective vibrate, some design 
0	Poor reception/dropped calls, ineffective vibrate mode, flaws design some
0	Poor reception/dropped calls, inefficient vibrate mode, some project flaws
0	lacks optical zoom
0	lacks zoom optical
0	zoom optical lacks
0	lacks optical 
0	lacks miss optical zoom
0	optical zoom
0	lacks optic zoom
0	lacks opthalmic zoom
0	lacks optical surge zoom
1	Light weight = high speed!
1	Light weight = quicken high speed!
1	Light weight = speed high!
1	speeding Light weight = high speed!
1	speed weight = high Light!
1	Light weight = high upper!
1	weight = high speed!
1	unhorse weight = high speed!
1	Light weight = speed!
0	No fax, had to download a driver from some place else.
0	No facsimile, had to download a driver from some send else.
0	No fax, to download driver from some place else.
0	No fax, had to download a driver from some place aim else.
0	No fax, had to a from some place else.
0	No fax, had to download a driver from else place some.
0	No fax, had to driver a download from some place else.
0	no fax, had to download a driver from some direct else.
0	No fax, had situation to download a driver from some place else.
0	Talk/Standby time less than optimal
0	Talk/Standby time less standby than optimal
0	verbalize/Standby time less than optimal
0	utter/Standby time less than optimal
0	Talk/Standby less than optimal
0	standby Talk/Standby time less than optimal
0	Talk/Standby optimal less than time
0	Talk/Standby time less optimal
0	Talk/Standby time less optimal than
1	great pictures, fast downloads, nice camera body, customer support
1	great pictures, downloads, nice camera body, customer support
1	great pictures, fast downloads, suffer nice camera body, customer support
1	great pictures, fast downloads, nice camera, customer support
1	great customer, fast downloads, nice camera body, pictures support
1	pictures great, fast downloads, nice camera body, customer support
1	great pictures, fast downloads, nice consistence camera body, customer support
1	nifty pictures, fast downloads, nice camera body, customer support
1	great pictures, fast downloads, nice camera body, client support
1	High resolution CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, Quality Lens, 
1	Quality resolution CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, High Lens, 
1	High resolution CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, heights Quality Lens, 
1	High resolution CCD, Many many features, Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, Quality Lens, 
1	High resolution CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use,, Portable, Lens, 
1	richly resolution CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, prime Lens, 
1	richly firmness CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, Quality Lens, 
1	High resolution CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, Portable, Small, Quality Lens, 
1	High CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, Small,, Quality Lens, 
1	Small, deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, great reception
1	Small, reception sturdy, intuitive menus, great deceptively
1	Small, deceptively sturdy, belittled intuitive menus, great reception
1	Small, deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, reception
1	Small, deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, great 
1	Small, deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, bang-up reception
1	Small, deceptively menus, intuitive sturdy, great reception
1	pocket-size, deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, great reception
1	Small, deceptively humble sturdy, intuitive menus, great reception
1	Compact size and extremely easy to use.
1	Compact size and extremely tardily to use.
1	Compact size and extremely easy use.
1	Compact size and extremely easy to utilization use.
1	Compact size and easy to use.
1	covenant size and extremely easy to use.
1	Compact size and extremely passing easy to use.
1	Compact size and to easy extremely use.
1	Compact extremely and size easy to use.
1	Slim, light, adequate features
1	, light, adequate features
1	Slim, light, features
1	Slim, abstemious, adequate features
1	features, light, adequate Slim
1	Slim, light, slenderize adequate features
1	Slim, Light, adequate features
1	adequate, light, Slim features
1	have Slim, light, adequate features
0	difficult to get flash perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
0	difficult to make flash perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
0	difficult to get instant perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
0	difficult to get flash perfect, resolution obsolite
0	get to difficult flash perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
0	difficult to get flash, resolution slightly obsolite
0	result difficult to get flash perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
0	difficult to get flash slightly, resolution perfect obsolite
0	difficult to get flash perfect, resolution slightly stark obsolite
1	Good-looking. Lightweight.  Phone of the Moment!
1	. Lightweight.  Phone of the Moment!
1	Good-looking. Lightweight.  Phone of Moment!
1	Good-looking. Lightweight.  call Phone of the Moment!
1	better-looking. Lightweight.  Phone of the Moment!
1	fine-looking. Lightweight.  Phone of the Moment!
1	Good-looking. Lightweight.  Phone of sound the Moment!
1	Good-looking. Lightweight.  Phone of Moment the!
1	Good-looking. Lightweight.  Phone the of Moment!
1	easy to use, lcd preview/review screen, great pictures
1	easy to use, lcd preview/review usance screen, great pictures
1	easy to use, lcd preview/review screen, great ikon
1	easy to use, lcd preview/review pictures, great screen
1	easy to use, lcd preview/review screen, great render
1	easy to use, lcd preview/reappraisal review screen, great pictures
1	easy to use, lcd preview/ screen, great pictures
1	easy to use, lcd preview/review screen, pictures
1	preview to use, lcd easy/review screen, great pictures
1	A sharp camera with a lot of functionality.
1	A sharp camera with lot of functionality.
1	A sharp lot with a camera of functionality.
1	A sharp with a lot of functionality.
1	A sharp camera with a heap of functionality.
1	A sharp camera with a lot amp of functionality.
1	A sharp camera with a lot of mint functionality.
1	A camera sharp with a lot of functionality.
1	adenine sharp camera with a lot of functionality.
1	Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, LOW light!, Auto everything.
1	bundle Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, LOW light!, Auto everything.
1	Small, AA batteries, Package SmartMedia, LOW light!, Auto everything.
1	Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, light!, Auto everything.
1	Package, AA Small, batteries SmartMedia, LOW light!, Auto everything.
1	, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, LOW light!, Auto everything.
1	Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, downcast light!, Auto everything.
1	Package, AA batteries, Small Low SmartMedia, LOW light!, Auto everything.
1	Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, LOW illumination!, Auto everything.
1	does all the phone functions adequately
1	does all the phone functions perform adequately
1	does adequately the phone functions all
1	does all the phone operate adequately
1	does all the phone functions earpiece adequately
1	does all phone functions adequately
1	does all functions phone the adequately
1	does all the phone part adequately
1	does all the phone adequately
0	design isn't on par with other Epson printers
0	design isn't on along par with other Epson printers
0	printer design isn't on par with other Epson printers
0	design isn't on with par other Epson printers
0	design isn't on other with par Epson printers
0	design isn't on equation with other Epson printers
0	design isn't on par with other printers
0	design isn't on par with other Epson printer
0	design isn't on par with other Epson 
1	handy,  and easy to use
1	handy,  easy to use
1	handy,  and easy to employ
1	handy,  and to easy use
1	handy,  and easy to usance
1	handy,  habit and easy to use
1	handy,  and to use
1	to,  and easy handy use
1	handy,  and easygoing easy to use
0	poor documentation, battery cover, tripod mount design
0	tripod documentation, battery cover, poor mount design
0	poor intention documentation, battery cover, tripod mount design
0	poor mount, battery cover, tripod documentation design
0	poor documentation, battery, tripod mount design
0	short documentation, battery cover, tripod mount design
0	poor, battery cover, tripod mount design
0	poor documentation, top battery cover, tripod mount design
0	poor documentation, battery insure, tripod mount design
1	Folds compactly, easy to load, very affordable
1	Folds compactly, easy to, very affordable
1	succinctly Folds compactly, easy to load, very affordable
1	Folds compactly, easy to folding load, very affordable
1	Folds compactly, easy to load, very low-cost
1	Folds load, easy to compactly, very affordable
1	Folds compactly, well-heeled to load, very affordable
1	Folds compactly, to easy load, very affordable
1	Folds, easy to load, very affordable
1	User friendly, great quality, compact size
1	User friendly, great quality, exploiter compact size
1	great friendly, User quality, compact size
1	User size, great quality, compact friendly
1	User friendly, great quality, compact 
1	User friendly, great quality, contract size
1	User friendly, great, compact size
1	User friendly, majuscule quality, compact size
1	User friendly, great quality, compact sizing size
0	Cheap- junky.  Spend $50 more and get something A LOT better!
0	Cheap- junky.  adenine Spend $50 more and get something A LOT better!
0	Cheap- junky.  get $50 more and Spend something A LOT better!
0	Cheap- junky.  Spend $50 and get something A LOT!
0	Cheap- junky.  Spend $50 more and get something A amp LOT better!
0	junky.  Spend $50 more and something A LOT better!
0	Cheap- junky.  Spend $50 more and get something A portion bettor!
0	more junky.  Spend $50 Cheap- and get something A LOT better!
0	Cheap- junky.  Spend $50 more and nonplus something A peck better!
1	Lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good value&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra fun
1	Lightweight&fun;#13;&amp;#10;Good value&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra amp
1	Lightweight&amp;#XIII 13;&amp;#10;Good value&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra fun
1	Lightweight&amp;#xiii;&ampere;#10;Good value&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra fun
1	Lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good value&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra merriment fun
1	Lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#10;10 value&amp;#13;&amp;#Good;Ultra fun
1	Lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#10;respectable measure&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra fun
1	Lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good value&amp;#;&;#10;Ultra fun
1	Lightweight&amp;#;&amp;#10;Good value&amp;#13;&amp;#;Ultra fun
0	No optical zoom
0	No zoom
0	No optical soar
0	No optic optical zoom
0	No ocular zoom
0	No optical 
0	No zoom optical
0	optical No zoom
0	No optical surge zoom
1	easy to use, review/preview options, easy to download
1	to use, review/preview options, easy to download
1	easy to to, review/preview options, easy use download
1	easy to use, review/preview options, easy to 
1	selection easy to use, review/preview options, easy to download
1	easy to function use, review/preview options, easy to download
1	easy to use, reexamine/preview options, easy to download
1	easy to employ, review/preview options, easy to download
1	easy to download, review/preview options, easy to use
0	Inadequate operating system to manage memory, freeze ups, power cycling the phone daily
0	Inadequate operating to manage memory, freeze ups, power cycling the phone 
0	Inadequate operating system to manage memory, freeze ups, power cycling the phone frost daily
0	Inadequate operating system manage memory, ups, power cycling the phone daily
0	Inadequate operating ups to manage memory, freeze system, power cycling the phone daily
0	Inadequate operating system to wield memory, freeze ups, ability cycling the phone daily
0	Inadequate operating system to supervise memory, freeze ups, index cycling the phone daily
0	Inadequate operating system to manage memory, freeze ups, power earpiece cycling the phone daily
0	Inadequate operating system to the memory, freeze ups, power cycling manage phone daily
1	Camera is so user friendly. Has all the options. 
1	Camera is so user. Has all the options. 
1	Camera is so user friendly. give all the options. 
1	options is so user friendly. Has all the Camera. 
1	Camera is so user friendly. Has all options the. 
1	Camera is so exploiter user friendly. Has all the options. 
1	Camera is so user friendly. Has camera all the options. 
1	Camera is so user friendly. Has all the option. 
1	Camera is so user friendly. all the options. 
0	Expensive ink.
0	Expensive expensive ink.
0	ink.
0	expensive ink.
0	ink Expensive.
0	Expensive ink.
0	expensive Expensive ink.
0	Expensive.
0	sensitive to motion in low light
0	sensitive to motion in low 
0	sensitive motion in low light
0	sensitive to motion low in light
0	low to motion in sensitive light
0	sensitive to motion in abject light
0	sensitive to motion in gesticulate low light
0	sensitive twinkle to motion in low light
0	sensitive to motion in down light
0	N80 body, USB, 
0	N80 eubstance, USB, 
0	N80 USB, body, 
0	N80 body, consistency USB, 
0	N80 consistency, USB, 
0	body N80, USB, 
0	body, USB, 
0	N80 body, eubstance USB, 
0	N80 body,, 
1	Customization.
1	Customization.
1	Light, easy to use, lots of features, games, and options. Great reception.
1	Light, easy to use, options of features, games, and lots. Great reception.
1	Light, easy to use, bunch of features, games, and options. enceinte reception.
1	Light, easy to use, receipt lots of features, games, and options. Great reception.
1	Light, easy use, lots of features, games, and options. Great.
1	Light, easy to slowly use, lots of features, games, and options. Great reception.
1	, easy to use, of features, games, and options. Great reception.
1	fall, easy to use, dispense of features, games, and options. Great reception.
1	use, easy to Light, lots of features, games, and options. Great reception.
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	file analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth no transfers, weak camera
0	no analog quivering mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	no analog mode, weak mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, camera
0	no linear mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transplant, weak camera
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic finger, disabled Bluetooth file transferral, weak camera
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth flavor file transfers, weak camera
0	no analog mode, weak vibration, plastic feel, Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	mode analog no, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	tends to bend cheap light weight paper when starting a print job
0	originate tends to bend cheap light weight paper when starting a print job
0	tends to bend sleazy luminance weight paper when starting a print job
0	tends to bend cheap light weight paper when a print 
0	tends to bend cheap light a paper when starting weight print job
0	tends to bend cheap light job paper when starting a print weight
0	tends adenine to bend cheap light weight paper when starting a print job
0	tends to bend cheap light paper when starting a job
0	tends to bending cheap illume weight paper when starting a print job
1	light weight, AIM, Yahoo features, compact design!
1	light object weight, AIM, Yahoo features, compact design!
1	clear weight, AIM, Yahoo features, compact design!
1	light features, AIM, Yahoo weight, compact design!
1	light weight, AIM, Yahoo, compact design!
1	light weight, AIM, innovation Yahoo features, compact design!
1	light Yahoo, AIM, weight features, compact design!
1	light weight, AIM, features, compact design!
1	igniter weight, AIM, Yahoo features, compact design!
1	Great photo prints
1	prints photo Great
1	Great prints
1	Great exposure photo prints
1	photo Great prints
1	Great heavy photo prints
1	Great photo publish
1	outstanding photo prints
1	Great photo 
1	Easy to use and setup, decent quality, reliable
1	Easy to habit and setup, decent quality, reliable
1	Easy to use setup, decent quality, reliable
1	Easy to use and, decent quality, reliable
1	slow to use and setup, decent quality, reliable
1	Easy to use and apparatus setup, decent quality, reliable
1	Easy and use to setup, decent quality, reliable
1	decent to use and setup, Easy quality, reliable
1	Easy to use and setup, decent apparatus quality, reliable
1	Incredible print quality, lasting toner, and speed.
1	impress Incredible print quality, lasting toner, and speed.
1	Incredible print quality, go toner, and speed.
1	Incredible print quality, lasting toner, and swiftness.
1	Incredible print quality, toner, and speed.
1	print quality, lasting toner, and speed.
1	Incredible quality print, lasting toner, and speed.
1	Incredible print quality, lasting toner, and go speed.
1	Incredible print toner, lasting quality, and speed.
1	quality of documents are very impressive
1	quality of documents are telling very impressive
1	quality of documents are impressive
1	quality of documents very are impressive
1	prime of documents are very impressive
1	quality of documents are very tone impressive
1	quality documents are very impressive
1	timber of documents are very impressive
1	quality very documents are of impressive
1	Lots of features, compact design.
1	features of Lots, compact design.
1	contract Lots of features, compact design.
1	Lots of features, compact.
1	fortune of features, compact design.
1	Lots features, compact design.
1	Lots of thickset features, compact design.
1	Lots of features, compact aim.
1	Lots compact features, of design.
1	It's lightweight. Easy to transfer pictures. 
1	It's lightweight. light to transfer pictures. 
1	to lightweight. Easy It's transfer pictures. 
1	It's lightweight. Easy to transfer pic. 
1	It's lightweight. to transfer pictures. 
1	It's. Easy to transfer pictures. 
1	It's lightweight. Easy channelize to transfer pictures. 
1	It's lightweight. Easy transfer to pictures. 
1	It's lightweight. Easy to pic transfer pictures. 
1	low-cost, good quality
1	low-cost, good timbre
1	low-cost, good 
1	soundly low-cost, good quality
1	good, low-cost quality
1	quality, good low-cost
1	low-cost, good select
1	affordable low-cost, good quality
1	, good quality
0	Confounding phone book, frequently doesn't connect calls, poor quality faceplate.
0	Confounding phone book, frequently doesn't connect calls, poor call quality faceplate.
0	Confounding phone book, frequently doesn't connect calls, poor quality choice faceplate.
0	bedevil phone book, frequently doesn't connect phone, poor quality faceplate.
0	quality phone book, frequently doesn't connect calls, poor Confounding faceplate.
0	Confounding phone book, frequently doesn't relate squall, poor quality faceplate.
0	Confounding phone book, frequently quality connect calls, poor doesn't faceplate.
0	Confounding book, frequently doesn't connect calls, poor faceplate.
0	Confounding phone book, doesn't connect calls, quality faceplate.
1	Great phone, very durable, intuitive menus, good ringer, and decent speakerphone
1	Great, very durable, intuitive menus, good ringer, and speakerphone
1	Great phone, very decent, intuitive menus, good ringer, and durable speakerphone
1	Great phone, very durable, intuitive menus, salutary good ringer, and decent speakerphone
1	smashing phone, very durable, intuitive menus, effective ringer, and decent speakerphone
1	Great phone, ringer durable, intuitive menus, good very, and decent speakerphone
1	Great sound, very durable, intuitive menus, right ringer, and decent speakerphone
1	Great phone, very swell durable, intuitive menus, good ringer, and decent speakerphone
1	Great phone, very durable, intuitive menus,, and decent speakerphone
1	excellent quality, quick and quiet
1	excellent quality, quick and timber quiet
1	excellent fantabulous quality, quick and quiet
1	excellent quality, quick and hushed
1	quality, quick and quiet
1	excellent caliber, quick and quiet
1	excellent quality, quick quiet
1	excellent and, quick quality quiet
1	and quality, quick excellent quiet
0	high ink useage, software is difficult to install properly on Win XP
0	high ink useage, software winnings is difficult to install properly on Win XP
0	gamey ink useage, package is difficult to install properly on Win XP
0	ink useage, software is difficult to install properly on XP
0	high ink useage, is difficult to install on Win XP
0	high install useage, software is difficult to ink properly on Win XP
0	highschool ink useage, software is unmanageable to install properly on Win XP
0	high ink useage, Win is difficult to install properly on software XP
0	high ink useage, software is difficult package to install properly on Win XP
0	As stated above, the phone has really no cons.
0	As above, the phone has really no cons.
0	As stated above, the phone has really cons no.
0	equally stated above, the phone has really no cons.
0	As stated the, above phone has really no cons.
0	As stated above, the phone has really no flimflam.
0	As express stated above, the phone has really no cons.
0	As stated above, the phone has really no sustain cons.
0	As stated above, the has really no cons.
0	Low battery life compared to other phones I've owned.
0	low battery life compared to other phones I've owned.
0	Low battery life compared to phones I've owned.
0	life battery Low compared to other phones I've owned.
0	Low life compared to other phones I've owned.
0	Low early battery life compared to other phones I've owned.
0	Low battery life compared to other headphone I've owned.
0	own Low battery life compared to other phones I've owned.
0	Low I've life compared to other phones battery owned.
0	It's an expensive door stop
0	It's an expensive threshold door stop
0	It's an expensive door discontinue
0	an expensive door stop
0	It's an expensive stop door
0	It's an expensive door stay
0	It's threshold an expensive door stop
0	It's an expensive door 
0	It's an door expensive stop
0	Slow download, missing features.
0	Slow download, features.
0	Slow download, missing boast.
0	Slow features, missing download.
0	Slow download, missing lose features.
0	Slow missing, download features.
0	Slow download, pretermit features.
0	absent Slow download, missing features.
0	Slow download, missing.
1	size, appearance, and &quot;everyday&quot; features
1	size, appearance, and &quot;everyday&quot; characteristic
1	appearing size, appearance, and &quot;everyday&quot; features
1	size, appearance, and &quot;everyday&unremarkable quot; features
1	features, appearance, and &quot;everyday&quot; size
1	size, appearance, and &quot;everyday&quot; sport
1	size,, and &quot;everyday&quot; features
1	size, appearance, and &quot;quot&everyday; features
1	size, appearance, and &quot;everyday&; features
1	Rugged, good display, great integration of phone and Palm PDA.
1	Rugged, dependable presentation, great integration of phone and Palm PDA.
1	Rugged, good display, rugged great integration of phone and Palm PDA.
1	Rugged, good display, Palm integration of phone and great PDA.
1	Rugged,, great integration of phone and Palm PDA.
1	Rugged, Palm display, great integration of phone and good PDA.
1	Rugged, good display, great integration skillful of phone and Palm PDA.
1	Rugged, good display, neat integration of earpiece and Palm PDA.
1	Rugged, good display, great integration phone and PDA.
0	NO durability at all.
0	durability NO at all.
0	NO durability all.
0	durability at all.
0	NO enduringness at all.
0	NO at durability all.
0	No durability at all.
0	NO durability strength at all.
0	enduringness NO durability at all.
1	Small, reliable, long battery life
1	Small, battery, long reliable life
1	Small, reliable, long battery honest life
1	small, reliable, long battery life
1	, reliable, long battery life
1	Small, true, long battery life
1	Small, authentic reliable, long battery life
1	Small, reliable, life battery long
1	Small,, long battery life
0	More than any one phone should have.
0	More than any unity phone should have.
0	More than any sound one phone should have.
0	More than any unmatchable phone should have.
0	More any one phone should have.
0	More than any one phone have should.
0	More than ace any one phone should have.
0	More than one phone should have.
0	More than any phone one should have.
0	nod LCD screen, drivers can conflict.
0	nod LCD screen, drivers can contravene.
0	nod driver LCD screen, drivers can conflict.
0	nod can screen, drivers LCD conflict.
0	nod LCD shield, drivers can conflict.
0	nod LCD screen, drivers conflict.
0	nod LCD screen, dispute drivers can conflict.
0	LCD screen, drivers can conflict.
0	nod LCD can, drivers screen conflict.
1	Very portable, industry standard image quality, plenty of features.
1	Very portable, industry standard quality, plenty of features.
1	Very portable, industry standard image quality, plenty of picture features.
1	Very portable, rattling industry standard image quality, plenty of features.
1	Very portable, industry standard image quality, plenty of.
1	Very portable, industry standard image quality, mickle of features.
1	Very portable, industry standard image select, plenty of features.
1	Very portable, industry standard image quality, of plenty features.
1	Very portable, industry standard image plenty, quality of features.
0	Battery life in talk mode
0	Battery life in fashion talk mode
0	life in talk mode
0	Battery life in talk 
0	sing Battery life in talk mode
0	Battery life in talk modality
0	in life Battery talk mode
0	Battery living in talk mode
0	Battery life in mode talk
0	2-megapixel, no Windows XP support, short battery-life, pokey connection, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no motion-capture.
0	association 2-megapixel, no Windows XP support, short battery-life, pokey No connection, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no motion-capture.
0	2-megapixel, no Windows XP accompaniment, short battery-life, gaol connective, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no motion-capture.
0	2-megapixel, Windows support, short battery-life, connection, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no motion-capture.
0	support, no Windows XP motion-capture, short battery-life, pokey connection, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no 2-megapixel.
0	2-megapixel, no Windows XP patronize, inadequate battery-life, dilatory connection, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no motion-capture.
0	2-megapixel, no Windows XP support, battery-life, pokey connection, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software,.
0	2-megapixel, no Windows XP nobelium support, short battery-life, pokey connection, nobelium 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no motion-capture.
0	2-megapixel, no short XP support, Windows connection, pokey battery-life, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no motion-capture.
0	Slight auto focus lag, kind of expensive.
0	Slight auto focus lag, automobile kind of expensive.
0	Slight auto focus of, kind lag expensive.
0	auto focus lag, kind of expensive.
0	Slight auto focus gaol, kind of expensive.
0	Slight auto focus lag, dawdle kind of expensive.
0	expensive auto focus lag, kind of Slight.
0	Slight auto focus lag, kind expensive.
0	Slight auto focus lag, form of expensive.
0	expensive (but not more than other brands) ink cartridges
0	expensive (but not more than brands) ink cartridges
0	expensive (but not more than other stigmatise) ink cartridges
0	expensive (but not more than other brandmark) ink cartridges
0	expensive (but not more sword than other brands) ink cartridges
0	expensive (but not more than other cartridges) ink brands
0	expensive (simply but not more than other brands) ink cartridges
0	expensive (but not more than ink brands) other cartridges
0	expensive (but more than other brands) ink cartridges
0	Only 2x zoom
0	Only zoom
0	solely Only 2x zoom
0	solitary 2x zoom
0	Only but 2x zoom
0	2x Only zoom
0	zoom 2x Only
0	exclusively 2x zoom
0	Only 2x 
1	1'8 inch LCD View Finder
1	1'8 inch LCD View 
1	View inch LCD 1'8 Finder
1	1'8 inch View Finder
1	1'8 inch LCD perspective Finder
1	Finder inch LCD View 1'8
1	discoverer 1'8 inch LCD View Finder
1	1'8 inch LCD View in Finder
1	1'8 inch LCD sight Finder
0	Does not have caller groups where you can separate callers with different ring tones.
0	Does not have caller groups where you callers separate can with different ring tones.
0	Does not have caller rump groups where you can separate callers with different ring tones.
0	Does not have caller groups where you can separate callers with tones.
0	ring not have caller groups where you can separate callers with different Does tones.
0	execute not have caller groups where you can dissever callers with different ring tones.
0	Does not have groups where you can separate callers with different tones.
0	Does not have caller groups where you can cause separate callers with different ring tones.
0	Does not have caller groups where you can differentiate callers with different knell tones.
0	Crappy "feel" due to cheap detailing, like a plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic design.
0	feel "Crappy" due to cheap detailing, like a plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic design.
0	Crappy "feel" due to detailing, like a plastic toy really. Poor design.
0	Crappy "feel" due to cheap detailing, like a plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic formative design.
0	Crappy "feel" due to cheap, like a plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic.
0	stinky "feel" due to cheap detailing, like a plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic project.
0	Crappy "feel" due ergonomic cheap detailing, like a plastic toy really. Poor to design.
0	Crappy "feel" due to cheap truly detailing, like a plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic design.
0	Crappy "feel" due to gaudy detailing, like a plastic toy real. Poor ergonomic design.
1	Nice, Fast,
1	Fast, Nice,
1	, Fast,
1	Nice, firm Fast,
1	Nice, loyal,
1	Nice, Fast,
1	nice, Fast,
1	Nice,,
1	prissy Nice, Fast,
1	Small Size
1	Small sizing
1	Small sizing Size
1	Small diminished Size
1	Small 
1	Small Size
1	humble Size
1	Size
1	Size Small
0	Short  battery life, practically useless memory card, AC adapter not included.
0	Short  battery life, useless memory, AC adapter not included.
0	Short  battery life, practically useless memory card, AC not adapter included.
0	non Short  battery life, practically useless memory card, AC adapter not included.
0	suddenly  battery life, practically useless memory card, AC transcriber not included.
0	Short  battery life, practically useless retentiveness memory card, AC adapter not included.
0	 battery life, practically useless memory card, adapter not included.
0	Short  battery liveliness, practically useless memory card, AC adaptor not included.
0	useless  battery life, practically Short memory card, AC adapter not included.
1	Inexpensive, Superb Quality.
1	Inexpensive, Superb brilliant Quality.
1	Inexpensive, Quality Superb.
1	, Superb Quality.
1	Inexpensive, Superb.
1	Quality, Superb Inexpensive.
1	Inexpensive, Superb character Quality.
1	Inexpensive, brilliant Quality.
1	Inexpensive, Superb choice.
0	Software supplied does not seem very good
0	not supplied does Software seem very good
0	Software supplied does not seem very look good
0	Software supplied does not seem very 
0	Software does not seem very good
0	Software add does not seem very good
0	Software supplied package does not seem very good
0	Software supplied does not seem very dear
0	Software supplied not does seem very good
1	instant pictures, disc acceptance
1	instant pictures, disc project acceptance
1	instant pictures, acceptance
1	instant disc, pictures acceptance
1	instant, disc acceptance
1	toleration instant pictures, disc acceptance
1	instant photograph, disc acceptance
1	instant characterization, disc acceptance
1	disc pictures, instant acceptance
0	Antenna, not many options, text messaging
0	Antenna, many not options, text messaging
0	Antenna, not many, text messaging
0	aerial, not many options, text messaging
0	Antenna, many options, text messaging
0	non Antenna, not many options, text messaging
0	text, not many options, Antenna messaging
0	Antenna, not many options, schoolbook messaging
0	Antenna, antenna not many options, text messaging
0	not as fast as some
0	as as fast not some
0	not fast as some
0	not as as some
0	not as fast as riotous some
0	not as fast some as
0	not as profligate as some
0	not as degraded as some
0	not non as fast as some
1	good color
1	practiced color
1	colorize good color
1	color
1	color good
1	dear color
1	good colourize color
1	good 
1	good color
1	quicktime video plus audio, 3.3 MP, top quality fit &amp; finish
1	quicktime video plus 3, 3.audio MP, top quality fit &amp; finish
1	quicktime video plus audio, 3.3 MP, top quality telecasting fit &amp; finish
1	quicktime video plus audio, 3.3 MP, peak quality fit &amp; refinement
1	quicktime video plus, 3.3, top quality fit &amp; finish
1	terzetto quicktime video plus audio, 3.3 MP, top quality fit &amp; finish
1	quicktime video plus audio, 3.3 MP, fit quality top &amp; finish
1	quicktime picture plus audio, 3.trey MP, top quality fit &amp; finish
1	quicktime video plus audio,.3 MP, top fit &amp; finish
0	Antenna. 'Nuf said.
0	Antenna. 'said Nuf.
0	Antenna. 'Nuf.
0	Antenna. 'feeler Nuf said.
0	aerial Antenna. 'Nuf said.
0	Nuf. 'Antenna said.
0	Antenna. ' said.
0	Antenna. 'Nuf suppose.
0	Antenna. 'Nuf order.
1	Good amount of features, good battery life
1	expert Good amount of features, good battery life
1	skilful Good amount of features, good battery life
1	Good amount of features, good barrage life
1	Good amount features of, good battery life
1	Good amount of features, battery life
1	unspoiled amount of features, good battery life
1	Good amount of, good battery life
1	of amount Good features, good battery life
0	small memory stick, 16meg fits 7 images
0	small memory stick, 16meg fits 7 
0	small memory stick, 7 fits 16meg images
0	small memory stick, 16meg match 7 images
0	small memory stick, 16meg fits 7 retentiveness images
0	small memory stick, 16meg fits jibe 7 images
0	small memory fits, 16meg stick 7 images
0	small stick, 16meg fits 7 images
0	small memory spliff, 16meg fits 7 images
1	Great idea for 2 small children; can be used with infant carrier
1	Great idea for 2 small children; with be used can infant carrier
1	idea for 2 small children; can be used with infant 
1	Great idea for 2 small utilise children; can be used with infant carrier
1	Great idea for 2 small children; can used with carrier
1	outstanding idea for 2 minor children; can be used with infant carrier
1	capital idea for 2 small tyke; can be used with infant carrier
1	Great for idea 2 small children; can be used with infant carrier
1	Great idea for 2 swell small children; can be used with infant carrier
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	User; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	User settings; menu items; holding signalise; lack of email
0	User items; menu settings; holding signal; lack of email
0	settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	User settings; menu items; email signal; lack of holding
0	User settings; moderate menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	netmail User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	User settings; menu items; maintain signal; lack of email
1	Solidly built, with a host of features.
1	Solidly built, a with host of features.
1	Solidly built, a host of features.
1	Solidly built, with a server of features.
1	Solidly built, with host a of features.
1	Solidly built, with a host of.
1	Solidly built, solidly with a host of features.
1	Solidly built, with a host of sport.
1	Solidly built, with a make host of features.
0	none
0	none
0	Short battery life.
0	life battery Short.
0	Short battery inadequate life.
0	Short barrage battery life.
0	poor battery life.
0	Short battery.
0	battery life.
0	myopic battery life.
0	battery Short life.
0	ink is expensive
0	ink is 
0	expensive is ink
0	ink follow is expensive
0	is expensive
0	ink is expensive
0	ink comprise is expensive
0	ink expensive is
1	1 minute digital videos with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact and durable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	1 minute digital videos with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact durable&amp;#13;&;#;
1	x 1 minute digital videos with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact and durable&amp;#constrict 13;&amp;#10;
1	one mo digital videos with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#10;succinct and durable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	1 minute digital videos with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact one and durable&amp;#13;&amp;#mo 10;
1	1 minute digital with&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact and durable&;#13;&amp;#10;
1	1 minute digital videos with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#13;Compact and durable&amp;#10;&amp;#10;
1	1 mo digital telecasting with sound&ampere;#13;&amp;#10;Compact and durable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	1 minute amp videos with amp&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact and durable&sound;#13;&digital;#10;
1	Steers well, lightweight, easy to use, fits through doors
1	manoeuvre well, lightweight, easy to use, fits through doors
1	jackanapes Steers well, lightweight, easy to use, fits through doors
1	Steers well, lightweight, easy to, fits through doors
1	Steers, lightweight, easy to use, fits through doors
1	Steers well, lightweight, fits to use, easy through doors
1	Steers jackanapes well, lightweight, easy to use, fits through doors
1	Steers well, lightweight, easy to use, suit through doors
1	Steers well, lightweight, use to easy, fits through doors
1	Compact, easy to set up, good quality printouts
1	Compact, easily easy to set up, good quality printouts
1	Compact, easy to set up, fixed good quality printouts
1	Compact, easy to situated up, good quality printouts
1	Compact, easy to quality up, good set printouts
1	Compact, easy to set up, good quality 
1	Compact, well-to-do to set up, good quality printouts
1	set, easy to Compact up, good quality printouts
1	Compact, to set up, good quality printouts
0	Poor canopy design.
0	Poor canopy pitiful design.
0	design canopy Poor.
0	canopy design.
0	innovation Poor canopy design.
0	Poor design.
0	canopy Poor design.
0	pathetic canopy design.
0	Poor canopy intent.
1	Resolution, ease of use
1	Resolution, of ease use
1	Resolution, informality of use
1	Resolution, closure ease of use
1	Resolution, use of ease
1	Resolution, ease use
1	Resolution, ease of 
1	Resolution, allay of use
1	Resolution, ease alleviate of use
1	tip calculator
1	tip 
1	hint tip calculator
1	fee calculator
1	calculator
1	crest calculator
1	calculator tip
1	tip calculator
1	wind tip calculator
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	Large screen, reception and great functions
1	Large screen, clear reception and great 
1	Large screen, clear enceinte reception and great functions
1	Large screen, clear reception and great subroutine
1	Large screen, filmdom clear reception and great functions
1	Large screen, earn reception and great functions
1	Large screen, clear reception and functions great
1	Large reception, clear screen and great functions
1	makes a good paperweight, looks impressive
1	looks a good paperweight, makes impressive
1	makes a impressive paperweight, looks good
1	makes good paperweight, looks impressive
1	micturate a good paperweight, looks impressive
1	makes a good ready paperweight, looks impressive
1	makes a good, looks impressive
1	wee a good paperweight, looks impressive
1	makes a telling good paperweight, looks impressive
0	Reception SOMETIMES choppy.
0	choppy SOMETIMES Reception.
0	Reception SOMETIMES sometimes choppy.
0	Reception sometimes choppy.
0	reception SOMETIMES choppy.
0	Reception choppy.
0	sometimes Reception SOMETIMES choppy.
0	SOMETIMES Reception choppy.
0	SOMETIMES choppy.
1	B&amp;amp;W Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
1	B&amp;amp;W Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, tranquillise, and long-lived Ink Cartridges
1	&amp;amp;W Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink 
1	B&amp;amp;W Print prize Quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
1	B&amp;amp;W Print and, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, Quality Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
1	B&;amp;W Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Ink Cartridges
1	B&amp;amp;west Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, placid, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
1	B&amp;magazine amp;W Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
1	Quality&amp;amp;W Print B, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
1	Cheap, good print quality and usually efficient. Not to mention small.
1	, good print quality and usually efficient. Not to small.
1	Cheap, print and usually efficient. Not to mention small.
1	Cheap, good efficient quality and usually print. Not to mention small.
1	Cheap, good print quality and effective usually efficient. Not to mention small.
1	Cheap, good print quality mention usually efficient. Not to and small.
1	Cheap, good print quality and usually efficient. Not right to mention small.
1	Cheap, good print quality and usually efficient. Not to remark minor.
1	sleazy, thoroughly print quality and usually efficient. Not to mention small.
0	A little on the bulky side.
0	A little on the side.
0	A side on the bulky little.
0	along A little on the bulky side.
0	ampere little on the bulky side.
0	A little on the bulky slope.
0	A little on bulky side.
0	A little side the bulky on.
0	A little on the bulky slope side.
1	Web Browsing, easy texting and emailing.
1	easy Browsing, Web texting and emailing.
1	Web Browsing, easy net texting and emailing.
1	Web Browsing, easy slow texting and emailing.
1	Web Browsing, light texting and emailing.
1	Web browsing, easy texting and emailing.
1	texting Browsing, easy Web and emailing.
1	Web Browsing, texting and emailing.
1	Web Browsing, easy and emailing.
0	No optical zoom, slow shutter speed, short battery life, USB would be nice
0	No optical zoom, slow shutter swiftness, dead battery life, USB would be nice
0	No optical comprise zoom, slow shutter speed, short battery life, USB would be nice
0	No optical zoom, shutter speed, short battery life, USB would nice
0	No optical zoom, slow speed, short battery life, USB be nice
0	No optical zoom, slow shutter battery, short speed life, USB would be nice
0	speed optical zoom, slow shutter No, short battery life, USB would be nice
0	No optical scant zoom, slow shutter speed, short battery life, USB would be nice
0	No optical zoom, slow shutter speed, short shelling life, USB would be decent
0	In it's class it has none.
0	In class it has none.
0	Indiana it's class it has none.
0	In it's year it has none.
0	In it's has it class none.
0	In it's it has none.
0	it it's class In has none.
0	In course it's class it has none.
0	sort In it's class it has none.
0	Rechargable batteries almost a must; sometimes shifts to video mode unintentionally (due to dial placement)
0	Rechargable batteries almost a must; sometimes shifts to video unintentionally ( to placement)
0	Rechargable batteries almost a must; sometimes shifts to video accidentally mode unintentionally (accidentally due to dial placement)
0	Rechargable batteries about a moldiness; sometimes shifts to video mode unintentionally (due to dial arrangement)
0	Rechargable batteries almost a must; sometimes to mode unintentionally (due dial placement)
0	Rechargable batteries almost a to; sometimes shifts unintentionally video mode must (due to dial placement)
0	Rechargable unintentionally almost video must; sometimes shifts to a mode batteries (due to dial placement)
0	Rechargable batteries almost a must; sometimes accidentally shifts to video mode unintentionally (accidentally due to dial placement)
0	Rechargable batteries nigh a must; sometimes tilt to video mode unintentionally (ascribable to dial placement)
1	it works, it's cheap, it's small, ink is cheap
1	it works, it's trashy, it's small, ink is cheap
1	it works, it's, it's small, ink is cheap
1	it cheap, it's works, it's small, ink is cheap
1	it works, it's cheap, it's small, ink is IT cheap
1	cheap works, it's cheap, it's small, ink is it
1	it works, cheap, it's small, ink is cheap
1	it works, IT it's cheap, it's small, ink is cheap
1	it works, it's gimcrack, it's small, ink is cheap
1	Great quality with lots of features
1	Great of with lots quality features
1	Great quality with of features
1	quality with lots of features
1	lots quality with Great of features
1	Great quality with lots prime of features
1	Great quality with mess of features
1	Great timbre with lots of features
1	Great quality sport with lots of features
0	Earpiece Volume Low Compared To Other Models, Relatively Small Display
0	Earpiece Volume Low Models To Other Compared, Relatively Small Display
0	Earpiece Volume phone Low Compared To Other Models, Relatively Small Display
0	Volume Low To Other Models, Relatively Small Display
0	Earpiece Volume Low Compared To Models Other, Relatively Small Display
0	Earpiece Volume Low Compared Other Models, Small Display
0	Earpiece Volume Low Compared To Other Models, Relatively pocket-sized showing
0	Earpiece relatively Volume Low Compared To Other Models, Relatively Small Display
0	Earpiece Volume Low Compared To Other pose, Relatively Small showing
1	Beautiful design, Good reception, Holographic display
1	Beautiful design, display reception, Holographic Good
1	Beautiful design, Good reception, display
1	design, Good reception, Holographic display
1	Beautiful plan, Good reception, Holographic display
1	Beautiful design, Good beautiful reception, Holographic display
1	beautiful Beautiful design, Good reception, Holographic display
1	Beautiful design, proficient reception, Holographic display
1	Beautiful design, Good Holographic, reception display
1	HP Quality
1	HP tone
1	select HP Quality
1	HP 
1	Quality HP
1	Quality
1	HP Quality
1	character HP Quality
1	HP calibre
1	Being able to &amp;quot;contain&amp;quot; an active preschooler
1	Being able to &AMP amp;quot;contain&amp;quot; an active preschooler
1	cost Being able to &amp;quot;contain&amp;quot; an active preschooler
1	Being able to &;quot;contain&amp;; an active preschooler
1	Being &amp;quot;contain&amp;quot; an active preschooler
1	able Being to &amp;quot;contain&amp;quot; an active preschooler
1	Being able quot &amp;to;contain&amp;quot; an active preschooler
1	Being able to &AMP;quot;stop&amp;quot; an active preschooler
1	being able to &amp;quot;contain&ampere;quot; an active preschooler
0	sound clarity, keyboard size
0	clarity, keyboard size
0	size clarity, keyboard sound
0	sound clarity, keyboard 
0	sound keyboard, clarity size
0	go clarity, keyboard size
0	wakeless sound clarity, keyboard size
0	reasoned clarity, keyboard size
0	sound clarity, good keyboard size
0	Purchase case separately
0	lawsuit Purchase case separately
0	case Purchase separately
0	Purchase case 
0	Purchase causa separately
0	separately case Purchase
0	Purchase pillowcase separately
0	case separately
0	Purchase buy case separately
1	Lightweight and small
1	Lightweight and 
1	Lightweight small and
1	whippersnapper Lightweight and small
1	and Lightweight small
1	Lightweight and modest
1	Lightweight minuscule and small
1	Lightweight and small-scale
1	and small
1	Clarity is exceptional. Lots of unexpected features.
1	Clarity clarity is exceptional. Lots of unexpected features.
1	Clarity exceptional. Lots of unexpected features.
1	Clarity pellucidity is exceptional. Lots of unexpected features.
1	Clarity is exceptional. Lots unexpected features.
1	Clarity is exceptional. mint of unexpected features.
1	Clarity is exceptional. features of unexpected Lots.
1	Clarity is exceptional. pot of unexpected features.
1	Clarity is exceptional. Lots features unexpected of.
1	Great Photo Prints
1	Great Prints Photo
1	Great Prints
1	Photo Prints
1	Great mark Photo Prints
1	Prints Photo Great
1	bully Photo Prints
1	Great Photo publish Prints
1	corking Photo Prints
0	NONE
0	none NONE
0	none
0	NONE
0	Battery life so-so, phone book access a bit cumbersome
0	Battery life so-so, phone book access a cumbersome
0	Battery so-so, phone book access a bit cumbersome
0	Battery life so-so, phone access book a bit cumbersome
0	Battery cumbersome so-so, phone book access a bit life
0	Battery life so-so, phone book spirit access a bit cumbersome
0	Battery life so-so, phone book access a mo cumbersome
0	Battery lifespan so-so, phone book access a bit cumbersome
0	Battery life so-so, phone book access acceptably a bit cumbersome
0	expensive, power button confused with exposure button
0	expensive, power button confused with exposure 
0	expensive, power button unconnected with exposure button
0	expensive, with button confused power exposure button
0	, power button confused with exposure button
0	expensive, power button bewildered with exposure button
0	expensive, button power confused with exposure button
0	expensive, power button garbled confused with exposure button
0	expensive, power button confused with exposure release button
1	easy to use
1	easy to utilisation
1	to easy use
1	well-off to use
1	easy utilization to use
1	use to easy
1	easy use
1	manipulation easy to use
1	easy to 
1	Inexpensive, high capacity, easy-to-use, lots of features
1	Inexpensive, high capacity, gamy easy-to-use, lots of features
1	Inexpensive, high capacity, easy-to-use, of features
1	Inexpensive, high capacity, easy-to-use, wads of features
1	Inexpensive, high tons capacity, easy-to-use, lots of features
1	Inexpensive, richly capacity, easy-to-use, lots of features
1	Inexpensive, capacity high, easy-to-use, lots of features
1	Inexpensive, easy-to-use capacity, high, lots of features
1	Inexpensive, high capacity, easy-to-use, lots features
0	No USB port, no included Smartcard reader.
0	No USB Smartcard, no included port reader.
0	No USB porthole, no included Smartcard reader.
0	No USB port, admit no included Smartcard reader.
0	No port, no included Smartcard reader.
0	No USB, no included Smartcard reader.
0	admit No USB port, no included Smartcard reader.
0	Smartcard USB port, no included No reader.
0	No USB port, no include Smartcard reader.
0	none that I've found
0	none that chance I've found
0	found that I've none
0	none that found
0	none that I've regain
0	none that I've launch
0	none that I've chance found
0	that I've found
0	none I've that found
0	customer service
0	customer avail
0	help customer service
0	client service
0	customer client service
0	service customer
0	customer service
0	service
0	customer 
0	High printer cost means printer is not for everybody, can hog large amounts of CPU time leading to CPU hang time...  you may need to wait for medium to complex jobs to finish printing on low to medium range computers
0	High printer average cost means printer is not for everybody, can penury hog large amounts of CPU time leading to CPU hang processor time...  you may need to wait for medium to complex jobs to finish printing meter on low to medium range computers
0	High printer cost means printer leading not for everybody, can to large amounts of CPU time is medium CPU hang time...  you may need to wait for to hog complex jobs medium finish printing on low to range to computers
0	High printer cost not for, can hog large CPU time leading to CPU hang time...  you may need to for medium to complex jobs to finish printing on low to medium computers
0	High printer cost means printer is time for everybody, can hog large amounts of CPU not leading may CPU hang time...  you to need to wait medium for to complex jobs range finish printing on low to medium to computers
0	High May printer cost processor means printer is not for everybody, can hog large amounts of CPU time leading to CPU hang time...  you impress may need to wait for medium to complex jobs metier to finish printing on low to medium range computers
0	High printer means printer is not everybody, hog large amounts of CPU time leading to CPU hang time...  you need to wait medium complex jobs to finish printing on low to range 
0	heights printer cost signify printer is not for everybody, can hog turgid amounts of CPU time leading to CPU attend time...  you may need to wait for medium to complex occupation to last printing on broken to average range computers
0	high printer cost means printer is not for everybody, can hog orotund number of CPU clock leave to CPU knack time...  you may need to wait for medium to complex occupation to finish printing on low to medium stray computers
0	cheaply made
0	made
0	cheaply clear
0	made cheaply
0	stingily cheaply made
0	cheaply made
0	tattily made
0	cheaply 
0	tattily cheaply made
1	Small size, great quality, accepts AA batteries.
1	Small, great quality, accepts AA batteries.
1	Small have size, great quality, accepts AA batteries.
1	Small size, choice great quality, accepts AA batteries.
1	Small size, great quality, accepts AA.
1	Small size, great quality, accepts AA bombardment.
1	Small size, great quality, accepts AA battery.
1	Small size, great batteries, accepts AA quality.
1	Small size, great quality, accepts batteries AA.
0	Did not load pictures to PC. Power monster. Display must be On during loading.
0	Did not load pictures to PC. Power monster. along Display must be On during loading.
0	Did not load pictures to PC. Power Display. monster must be On during loading.
0	Did not load display pictures to PC. Power monster. Display must be On during loading.
0	Did not load pictures to PC. Power giant. Display must be On during load.
0	suffice not load pictures to PC. Power colossus. Display must be On during loading.
0	Did not load pictures PC to. Power monster. Display must be On during loading.
0	Did not load PC. Power monster. Display must be On during loading.
0	Did not load pictures PC. Power monster. Display must On during loading.
1	Easy and Fun to Use , great photo , and video quality  
1	Easy and Fun to Use , great photo , and video smashing quality  
1	Easy and Fun to exercise , great photograph , and video quality  
1	Easy and Fun Use , photo , and video quality  
1	and Fun Use , great photo , and video quality  
1	fun Easy and Fun to Use , great photo , and video quality  
1	Easy quality Fun to Use , great photo , and video and  
1	Easy photo Fun to Use , great and , and video quality  
1	tardily and Fun to Use , neat photo , and video quality  
0	Rechargeable battery doesn't last long.
0	Rechargeable battery doesn't last foresightful.
0	Rechargeable battery doesn't last farsighted.
0	battery Rechargeable doesn't last long.
0	Rechargeable doesn't last long.
0	Rechargeable battery doesn't last recollective long.
0	battery doesn't last long.
0	Rechargeable finally battery doesn't last long.
0	long battery doesn't last Rechargeable.
1	Low Price, Good Quality
1	Quality Price, Good Low
1	Low Price, Quality
1	depression Price, Good Quality
1	soundly Low Price, Good Quality
1	Low Price, dependable Quality
1	Low, Good Quality
1	Low Price, terms Good Quality
1	Good Price, Low Quality
1	Flexability, HP reliability
1	Flexability, HP 
1	HP, Flexability reliability
1	horsepower Flexability, HP reliability
1	Flexability, HP reliableness
1	Flexability, HP dependableness
1	, HP reliability
1	Flexability, HP dependability reliability
1	Flexability, reliability HP
1	very small, light weight, clear send and receive, loud ringer
1	very small, light weight, clear and receive, ringer
1	very small, light weight, realize beam and receive, loud ringer
1	very small, light weight, clear send and receive, ringer loud
1	very small, light toller weight, clear send and receive, loud ringer
1	very small, light weight, clear send and receive, loud clone ringer
1	very small, light weight, unmortgaged mail and receive, loud ringer
1	very small, light weight, send and, loud ringer
1	very small, loud weight, clear send and receive, light ringer
1	USB or Parallel connections, good print quality
1	USB or Parallel parallel connections, good print quality
1	USB Parallel connections, good print quality
1	USB or Parallel connections, good print timbre quality
1	USB or Parallel connectedness, good print quality
1	USB or Parallel connections, practiced print quality
1	Parallel or USB connections, good print quality
1	USB or Parallel connections, good print 
1	USB or Parallel connections, quality print good
1	can print from camera card
1	can from print camera card
1	camera print from can card
1	can notice print from camera card
1	can impress print from camera card
1	can print camera card
1	print from camera card
1	can print from camera placard
1	can print from camera menu
1	Easy to use, good pictures, reasonably priced
1	Easy to use, good pretty pictures, reasonably priced
1	Easy to use, pictures, reasonably priced
1	good to use, Easy pictures, reasonably priced
1	Easy to habit, good pictures, reasonably priced
1	Easy reasonably use, good pictures, to priced
1	Easy to use, good pictures, loose reasonably priced
1	Easy to use, honest pictures, reasonably priced
1	Easy to use, good, reasonably priced
1	High quality copies and low maintenance costs
1	High quality copies and low sustentation costs
1	High quality copies heights and low maintenance costs
1	High timber copies and low maintenance costs
1	replicate High quality copies and low maintenance costs
1	High quality copies low maintenance costs
1	quality copies and low maintenance costs
1	High quality copies maintenance low and costs
1	High and copies quality low maintenance costs
1	lots of features, good reception & battery, good design
1	lots of features, reception & battery, good design
1	features of lots, good reception & battery, good design
1	lots of features, good reception & good, battery design
1	lots of features, good shelling reception & battery, good design
1	lots of features, good & battery, good design
1	lots of response features, good reception & battery, good design
1	lots of features, practiced reception & battery, good design
1	lots of features, good reception & battery, near design
1	Superior print quality on both plain and coated material. Quality construction. Quiet operation. Excellent customer service over phone and company web site. Prints on both sides of paper  automatically. 
1	Superior on quality on both operation and coated plain. Quality construction. Quiet material. Excellent customer service over phone and company web site. Prints print both sides of paper  automatically. 
1	Superior print quality on both plain and material. construction. Quiet operation. Excellent customer service phone and company web site. Prints on both of  automatically. 
1	Superior print quality on both plain and quetch coated material. Quality construction. Quiet operation. obviously Excellent customer service kvetch over phone and company web site. Prints on both sides of paper  automatically. 
1	Superior print on on both plain and coated site. Quality construction. Quiet operation. Excellent material customer over phone and company web service. Prints quality both sides of paper  automatically. 
1	Superior impress tone on both plain and coat material. Quality construction. repose operation. Excellent customer service over phone and company web situation. Prints on both sides of paper  automatically. 
1	Superior print quality on both plain along and locate coated material. Quality construction. Quiet operation. Excellent customer service over phone and company web site. Prints on both sides along of paper  automatically. 
1	Superior print calibre on both quetch and coated corporeal. Quality construction. repose operation. Excellent customer service over phone and company web locate. Prints on both sides of paper  automatically. 
1	Superior print quality plain and coated material. Quality construction. Quiet operation. Excellent service phone and company web site. Prints on both sides paper  automatically. 
0	The battery life is not great.
0	The battery life is non not great.
0	The battery life is not large.
0	The battery animation is not great.
0	live The battery life is not great.
0	The battery life not is great.
0	The battery life great not is.
0	battery life is not great.
0	The battery is not great.
0	Adding paper could be easier
0	paper could be easier
0	Adding paper be easier
0	Adding paper be could easier
0	Adding theme could be easier
0	be paper could Adding easier
0	total Adding paper could be easier
0	Adding composition could be easier
0	Adding theme paper could be easier
0	LEMON when it comes to where you charge the phone causing you to LOSE everything!!
0	LEMON when lose it comes to where stinker you charge the phone causing you to LOSE everything!!
0	LEMON when it comes to where you charge the get phone causing you to billing LOSE everything!!
0	LEMON causing it comes to where you charge the to when you phone LOSE everything!!
0	LEMON it comes to where you the phone causing you LOSE everything!!
0	LEMON it comes to charge the phone causing you to LOSE everything!!
0	LEMON when it semen to where you direction the sound causing you to LOSE everything!!
0	when LEMON it comes to where you you the phone causing charge to LOSE everything!!
0	LEMON when it comes to where you flush the call causing you to misplace everything!!
1	Great print quality, print jobs begin quickly
1	Great print jobs, print quality begin quickly
1	Great print quality, print jobs begin rapidly
1	Great neat print quality, print jobs begin quickly
1	Great quality print, print jobs begin quickly
1	Great quality, print jobs begin quickly
1	Great print quality, print jobs begin Begin quickly
1	Great print quality, print begin quickly
1	Great print quality, print jobs begin apace
1	Relatively inexpensive, easy to use, simple Finepix software
1	inexpensive, easy to use, simple Finepix software
1	Relatively inexpensive, easy to role, simple Finepix software
1	Relatively inexpensive, easy to use, mere Finepix software
1	Relatively inexpensive, easy to use, Finepix simple software
1	Relatively, easy to use, simple Finepix software
1	Relatively inexpensive, easy package to use, simple Finepix software
1	utilization Relatively inexpensive, easy to use, simple Finepix software
1	Relatively inexpensive, software to use, simple Finepix easy
0	Almost too small sometimes, accessories not readily available, no auto keylock feature
0	Almost too belittled sometimes, accessories not promptly available, no auto keylock feature
0	Almost too small, accessories not available, no auto keylock feature
0	Almost non too small sometimes, accessories not readily available, no auto keylock feature
0	Almost too small sometimes, accessories not readily, no auto keylock 
0	Almost too small sometimes, accessories not readily available, no auto keylock automobile feature
0	Almost too small sometimes, accessories not readily available, no keylock auto feature
0	Almost too small sometimes, accessories not readily auto, no available keylock feature
0	nearly too modest sometimes, accessories not readily available, no auto keylock feature
1	Nice and compact
1	Nice and summary compact
1	compact and Nice
1	and compact
1	dainty and compact
1	and Nice compact
1	Nice and 
1	Nice and wad compact
1	decent and compact
1	2.1 Megapixel, cheap, easy to use
1	II.1 Megapixel, cheap, easy to use
1	2. Megapixel, cheap, easy to use
1	2.1 Megapixel, cheap, easy to gaudy use
1	to.1 Megapixel, cheap, easy 2 use
1	2.cheap Megapixel, 1, easy to use
1	2.1 Megapixel, chintzy, easy to use
1	2.ii 1 Megapixel, cheap, easy to use
1	2.1 Megapixel, cheap, easy to 
0	Bad reception
0	Bad 
0	Bad regretful reception
0	reception
0	reception Bad
0	tough reception
0	Bad reception
0	unsound reception
0	Bad unfit reception
0	Fixed-focus, delay between shots.
0	Fixed-focus, shots between delay.
0	Fixed-focus, delay between slam.
0	Fixed-focus, retard between shots.
0	Fixed-focus, delay shots.
0	Fixed-focus, delay betwixt between shots.
0	between, delay Fixed-focus shots.
0	Fixed-focus, delay between.
0	betwixt Fixed-focus, delay between shots.
0	Flash not too 'smart', software
0	Flash not 'smart', software
0	cheap not too 'smart', software
0	Flash not software 'smart', too
0	not too 'smart', software
0	also Flash not too 'smart', software
0	software not too 'smart', Flash
0	Flash not too 'overly smart', software
0	brassy not too 'smart', software
0	Not expensive if you remember you can add a 2nd head for 2 sided printing.
0	Not a if expensive remember you can add you 2nd head for 2 sided printing.
0	Not expensive if you remember you can add a for sided printing.
0	if you remember you can add a head for 2 sided printing.
0	Not expensive if you commemorate you can tot a 2nd steer for 2 sided printing.
0	Not 2nd if you remember you can add a expensive head for 2 printing sided.
0	header Not expensive if you remember you can add a 2nd head for 2 second sided printing.
0	Not expensive if you think you can MBD a 2nd nous for 2 sided printing.
0	Not expensive if you non remember you can add a 2nd head append for 2 sided printing.
0	A bit finicky, requires large distance to focus.
0	A bit finicky, requires large distance gravid to focus.
0	A bit finicky, large distance to focus.
0	A bit finicky, requires large distance concentre to focus.
0	A bit finicky, requires large to focus.
0	requires bit finicky, A large distance to focus.
0	A bit finicky, requires large distance to sharpen.
0	A burn finicky, requires large distance to focus.
0	to bit finicky, requires large distance A focus.
1	Photo quality, ease of use, USB &amp; lens cap leash
1	Photo quality, ease of use, USB &lens; amp cap leash
1	Photo quality, easiness of use, USB &amp; lens cap rope
1	Photo quality, ease of use, Lens USB &amp; lens cap leash
1	Photo, ease of use, USB &amp; lens cap 
1	Photo quality, ease of habituate, USB &amp; lens cap 3
1	Photo quality, role ease of use, USB &amp; lens cap leash
1	Photo quality, ease use, &amp; lens cap leash
1	Photo amp, ease of use, USB &quality; lens cap leash
1	It's small and looks cool.
1	small and looks cool.
1	It's small looks and cool.
1	It's small and cool looks.
1	It's small looks cool.
1	It's small and looks tone cool.
1	It's small and looks sang-froid.
1	It's small and minor looks cool.
1	It's modest and looks cool.
1	Mine was free, lightweight
1	was free, lightweight
1	Mine was mine free, lightweight
1	mine was free, lightweight
1	Mine was gratuitous, lightweight
1	Mine lightweight free, was
1	free was Mine, lightweight
1	Mine was free, 
1	mine Mine was free, lightweight
0	Rather heavy and big
0	Rather enceinte and big
0	Rather heavy and overweight big
0	heavy and big
0	Rather wakeless heavy and big
0	Rather heavy and vauntingly
0	Rather heavy and 
0	Rather heavy big and
0	Rather big and heavy
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, compact
1	Inexpensive, promiscuous to use, compact
1	use, easy to Inexpensive, compact
1	Inexpensive, bundle easy to use, compact
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, 
1	Inexpensive, easy to utilisation, compact
1	, easy to use, compact
1	Inexpensive, easy compact use, to
1	Inexpensive, easy leisurely to use, compact
0	Movies can only be viewed with QuickTime
0	Movies can QuickTime be viewed with only
0	pic can only be viewed with QuickTime
0	Movies can only be viewed with equal QuickTime
0	Movies can only be see with QuickTime
0	Movies viewed only be can with QuickTime
0	can only be viewed with QuickTime
0	Movies can only viewed with QuickTime
0	picture Movies can only be viewed with QuickTime
0	bad reception
0	bad defective reception
0	bad 
0	reception
0	uncollectible reception
0	reception bad
0	high-risk reception
0	bad spoiled reception
0	bad reception
1	Fast, reliable, cheap, good quality output.
1	Fast, reliable, cheap, good output.
1	Fast, reliable, dependable cheap, good quality output.
1	Fast, reliable, cheap, good output quality.
1	riotous, reliable, cheap, good quality output.
1	Fast, reliable, cheap, full quality output.
1	reliable, Fast, cheap, good quality output.
1	Fast, reliable, turnout cheap, good quality output.
1	Fast, reliable,, good quality output.
0	Slow Download time, No ZOOM or MACRO
0	Slow Download time, no ZOOM or MACRO
0	Oregon Slow Download time, No ZOOM or MACRO
0	Slow time Download, No ZOOM or MACRO
0	Slow Download No, time ZOOM or MACRO
0	obtuse Download time, No ZOOM or MACRO
0	Slow Download time, No slowly ZOOM or MACRO
0	Slow Download time, No ZOOM or 
0	Download time, No ZOOM or MACRO
0	No Flash, No Picture Preview screen, Pictures are stored in RAM
0	No Flash, No Picture Preview test, Pictures are stored in Ram
0	No Flash, No Preview, Pictures are stored in RAM
0	No Flash, No Picture prevue screen, envision are stored in RAM
0	No No, Flash Picture Preview screen, Pictures are stored in RAM
0	No Flash, No Picture Preview screen, Pictures are RAM in stored
0	No Flash, No Picture Preview screen, Pictures are stored photograph in RAM
0	No Flash, No Picture, Pictures are stored in RAM
0	No Flash, preview No Picture Preview screen, Pictures are stored in RAM
1	Great software and easy to use.
1	Great software easy and to use.
1	Great software and easy to.
1	leisurely Great software and easy to use.
1	dandy software and easy to use.
1	software and easy to use.
1	Great to and easy software use.
1	Great software package and easy to use.
1	Great software and easy to habit.
0	6x Zoom Feature could be higher for the price.
0	6x Zoom Feature could be higher for the cost.
0	6x Zoom Feature for be higher could the price.
0	6x Zoom Feature zoom could be higher for the price.
0	6x Zoom Feature could be higher for the.
0	6x damage Zoom Feature could be higher for the price.
0	6x Zoom Feature be higher for the price.
0	6x Zoom have could be higher for the price.
0	6x Zoom Feature could be the for higher price.
1	Easy to manuever
1	well-fixed to manuever
1	to manuever
1	Easy manuever to
1	Easy to 
1	easy to manuever
1	Easy to manuever
1	to Easy manuever
1	Very light weight. Good clear outdoor daytime pictures.
1	Very light. Good clear outdoor daytime pictures.
1	Very light weight. Good clear outdoor day daytime pictures.
1	light Very weight. Good clear outdoor daytime pictures.
1	Very light weight. Good clear rattling outdoor daytime pictures.
1	Very light weight. Good clear outdoor daytime.
1	Very light weight. Good percipient outdoor daytime pictures.
1	Very light weight. Good decipherable outdoor daytime pictures.
1	Very light weight. Good clear daytime outdoor pictures.
1	Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, Clear and Beautiful Ringtones
1	Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, and Beautiful Ringtones
1	Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, clear and Beautiful Ringtones
1	Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, Clear and Beautiful blind Ringtones
1	Bright LCD, External LCD, Clear and Beautiful Ringtones
1	Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, Clear and Ringtones Beautiful
1	Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, Clear and Beautiful Ringtones
1	Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, sack and Beautiful Ringtones
1	Screen LCD Bright, External LCD, Clear and Beautiful Ringtones
0	Some menus are difficult to navigate
0	difficult menus are Some to navigate
0	Some menus are difficult navigate
0	Some are difficult to navigate
0	Some menu are difficult to navigate
0	Some menus are unmanageable difficult to navigate
0	Some menus voyage are difficult to navigate
0	to menus are difficult Some navigate
0	Some menus are hard to navigate
1	Good if you are rich
1	if you are rich
1	serious if you are rich
1	Good if you are ample rich
1	Good if you rich are
1	undecomposed if you are rich
1	Good you are rich
1	copious Good if you are rich
1	you if Good are rich
1	Easy usage
1	Easy 
1	usage
1	use Easy usage
1	Easy employment usage
1	usage Easy
1	Easy usage
1	well-situated usage
1	well-off usage
0	Slightly big in size and weird number pad layout.
0	Slightly big in size and numeral weird number pad layout.
0	big in size and weird number pad layout.
0	Slightly big in size and weird number pad IN layout.
0	size big in Slightly and weird number pad layout.
0	Slightly big in size and weird number layout.
0	Slightly openhanded in size and weird number pad layout.
0	Slightly weird in size and big number pad layout.
0	Slightly big in size and weird number lard layout.
1	4MP, f2.0 3x zoom, excellent battery life, tilt/swivel LCD, 32 MB CF card.
1	4MP, f2.0 3x excellent, zoom battery life, tilt/swivel LCD, CF MB 32 card.
1	4MP, f2.0 shelling 3x zoom, excellent MiB battery life, tilt/swivel LCD, 32 MB CF card.
1	4MP, 32.0 3x zoom, excellent battery life, swivel/tilt LCD, f2 MB CF card.
1	4MP, f2.californium 0 3x zoom, excellent battery life, tilt/swivel LCD, controversy 32 MB CF card.
1	4MP, f2.0 3x whizz, excellent battery life, controversy/swivel LCD, 32 MB CF tease.
1	4MP, f2.0 3x, excellent life, tilt/swivel LCD, 32 CF card.
1	4MP, f2.0 3x zoom, excellent battery lifetime, leaning/swivel LCD, 32 MB CF poster.
1	4MP,.0 3x zoom, excellent, tilt/swivel LCD, 32 MB CF card.
1	Functions very well as a webcam, good storage capacity
1	Functions well as a webcam, good storage capacity
1	Functions very well as a subprogram webcam, good storage capacity
1	Functions very as well a webcam, good storage capacity
1	Functions very intimately well as a webcam, good storage capacity
1	Functions very well as a storage, good webcam capacity
1	Functions very as a webcam, good storage capacity
1	Functions very well as a webcam, soundly storage capacity
1	Functions very well as a webcam, effective storage capacity
0	None
0	none
0	none None
0	None
1	Nice Styling and features
1	and Styling Nice features
1	Nice Styling feature and features
1	Nice and features
1	Nice Styling and 
1	skillful Styling and features
1	prissy Styling and features
1	lineament Nice Styling and features
1	Nice and Styling features
0	none thus far
0	none so far
0	none thus so far
0	thus far
0	far thus none
0	none olibanum far
0	none thus 
0	none thusly thus far
0	none far thus
1	Easy to use, takes GREAT pictures, full of features.
1	to use, takes GREAT pictures, full of features.
1	Easy to apply, takes GREAT pictures, full of features.
1	Easy to use, takes GREAT pictures, lineament full of features.
1	Easy to use, takes GREAT pictures, full of majuscule features.
1	takes to use, Easy GREAT pictures, full of features.
1	Easy to use, takes of pictures, full GREAT features.
1	Easy to use, takes pictures, full of features.
1	Easy to use, takes GREAT envision, full of features.
0	Needs expensive paper to produce photo quality images
0	images expensive paper to produce photo quality Needs
0	Needs expensive to produce photo quality images
0	Needs expensive paper images produce photo quality to
0	Needs expensive paper to produce raise photo quality images
0	Needs expensive paper to grow photo quality images
0	Needs expensive paper to produce photo prime images
0	Needs expensive paper to produce photo images
0	Needs expensive paper to produce photo trope quality images
0	none for the money. 
0	for the money. 
0	the for none money. 
0	money for the none. 
0	none the money. 
0	none for the money. 
0	Single band
0	Single 
0	Single unmarried band
0	Single band
0	unmarried band
0	band Single
0	band
0	Single lot
0	set Single band
1	no shutter lag, fast autofocus, 5 megapixels, tons of features
1	no shutter lag, fast 5, autofocus megapixels, tons of features
1	no shutter lag, fast autofocus, 5 megapixels, tons nobelium of features
1	shutter lag, fast autofocus, 5 megapixels, tons of 
1	no shutter lag, fast megapixels, 5 autofocus, tons of features
1	no shutter remand, fast autofocus, fin megapixels, tons of features
1	no shutter lag, No fast autofocus, 5 megapixels, tons of features
1	no shutter lag, autofocus, 5 megapixels, of features
1	no shutter immure, dissolute autofocus, 5 megapixels, tons of features
0	It frustrates me often, cartridges are ridiculously expensive
0	It frustrates me often, cartridges are ridiculously dun expensive
0	It frustrates me are, cartridges often ridiculously expensive
0	It frustrates me often, are ridiculously expensive
0	It frustrates me often, cartridges ridiculously are expensive
0	It frustrates me often, magazine are ridiculously expensive
0	It frustrates me often, rag cartridges are ridiculously expensive
0	It foil me often, cartridges are ridiculously expensive
0	frustrates me often, cartridges are ridiculously expensive
0	carrier straps are too small
0	carrier lash are too small
0	carrier straps too small
0	embody carrier straps are too small
0	carrier straps small too are
0	carrier straps are too belittled
0	are straps carrier too small
0	carrier are too small
0	carrier straps are excessively too small
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, Quick Time video with sound, light-weight and compact
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play compact, Quick Time video with sound, light-weight and software
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, Quick Time with sound, and compact
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, Quick Time video contract with sound, light-weight and compact
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, Quick Time with, light-weight and compact
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play package, agile Time video with sound, light-weight and compact
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, Quick Time vocalize video with sound, light-weight and compact
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, promptly Time video with heavy, light-weight and compact
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play light-weight, Quick Time video with sound, software and compact
1	Easy to steer - Very lightweight!
1	wanton to steer - Very lightweight!
1	Easy lightweight steer - Very to!
1	Easy to steer - jackanapes Very lightweight!
1	Easy steer - Very lightweight!
1	Easy to tip - Very lightweight!
1	Easy to steer - lightweight Very!
1	to steer - Very lightweight!
1	Easy to steer - Very gentle lightweight!
1	excellent camera, great size, GREAT pictures!
1	splendid excellent camera, great size, GREAT pictures!
1	excellent camera, great GREAT, size pictures!
1	camera excellent, great size, GREAT pictures!
1	excellent camera, great size, GREAT painting!
1	excellent camera, great fantabulous size, GREAT pictures!
1	excellent camera, great size, slap-up pictures!
1	excellent, great size, GREAT pictures!
1	camera, great size, GREAT pictures!
1	Very stylish, light weight, durable, external antenna for better signal.
1	Very, light weight, durable, external antenna for signal.
1	Very stylish, light weight, long-wearing, external antenna for just signal.
1	proficient Very stylish, light weight, durable, external antenna for better signal.
1	for stylish, light weight, durable, external antenna Very better signal.
1	Very stylish, perch weight, durable, external antenna for sound signal.
1	Very stylish, light weight, durable, external antenna signal better for.
1	Very stylish, light weight, durable, external weak antenna for better signal.
1	Very stylish, weight, durable, external antenna for better.
0	No more excuses for not running
0	No more exempt for not running
0	No more excuses not running
0	No for excuses more not running
0	No more excuses for not 
0	No more apology for not running
0	No more excuses for apologise not running
0	No not excuses for more running
0	No more excuses for working not running
0	This thing eats batteries alive. 
0	This eats batteries alive. 
0	This thing batteries alive. 
0	This thing eats battery batteries alive. 
0	This thing eats shelling batteries alive. 
0	This thing eats batteries active. 
0	thing This eats batteries alive. 
0	This eats thing batteries alive. 
0	This thing chuck batteries alive. 
0	Slightly slow for color
0	Slightly for color
0	Slightly retard for color
0	Slightly colorise slow for color
0	Slightly slow for colorize color
0	color slow for Slightly
0	Slightly behind for color
0	Slightly slow for 
0	Slightly slow color for
0	Software bugs
0	bugs Software
0	Software wiretap
0	Software microbe
0	Software bugs
0	tease Software bugs
0	Software 
0	software Software bugs
0	bugs
0	WAP 1.2, Size bit bulky,OS hangs-up
0	WAP 1.2, Size bulky,OS hangs-up
0	WAP 1.size 2, Size bit bulky,OS hangs-up
0	WAP single.2, Size bit bulky,OS hangs-up
0	WAP 1.2, bulky bit Size,OS hangs-up
0	WAP 1.2, Size unity bit bulky,OS hangs-up
0	WAP.2, Size bit bulky,OS hangs-up
0	WAP 1.hangs-up, Size bit bulky,OS 2
0	WAP 1.2, Size burn bulky,OS hangs-up
1	Price, speed, dependability
1	Price, dependability, speed
1	Price,, dependability
1	, speed, dependability
1	reliableness Price, speed, dependability
1	Price, hie, dependability
1	Price, rush, dependability
1	Price, speed, price dependability
1	dependability, speed, Price
0	No exterior caller ID, outbound volume to loud
0	No exterior ID caller, outbound volume to loud
0	No exterior caller ID, outbound volume no to loud
0	No exterior caller, outbound volume to loud
0	No exterior caller ID, outbound volume loud
0	No exterior caller ID, outbound volume to loudly
0	No exterior caller ID, outbound volume to garish
0	No exterior outward caller ID, outbound volume to loud
0	No exterior outbound ID, caller volume to loud
1	Looks AMAZING, Works Great, Impresses People
1	Looks AMAZING, Works Great, cracking Impresses People
1	Looks AMAZING, function Great, Impresses People
1	Looks Works, AMAZING Great, Impresses People
1	Looks AMAZING, Works Great, awful Impresses People
1	Looks AMAZING, act Great, Impresses People
1	Great AMAZING, Works Looks, Impresses People
1	Looks, Works Great, Impresses People
1	Looks AMAZING, Works, Impresses People
0	Requires to change cartridge for color/bw
0	Requires to change for color/bw
0	Requires to change cartridge for color/colorize bw
0	Requires to for cartridge change color/bw
0	Requires expect to change cartridge for color/bw
0	Requires to change cartridge for colouration/bw
0	Requires to change cartridge for semblance/bw
0	Requires to change cartridge color/bw
0	Requires to color cartridge for change/bw
0	weak flash, slow lenses
0	easy weak flash, slow lenses
0	weak flash, tiresome lenses
0	weak, slow lenses
0	flash weak, slow lenses
0	weak scud, slow lenses
0	weak lenses, slow flash
0	flash, slow lenses
0	weak feeble flash, slow lenses
1	Very easy to use and download pictures with supplied software
1	Very easy to use and with pictures download supplied software
1	easy Very to use and download pictures with supplied software
1	Very easy to use and render download pictures with supplied software
1	Very easy to use and download package pictures with supplied software
1	Very easy to and download pictures with supplied 
1	Very easily to use and download flick with supplied software
1	Very well-fixed to employ and download pictures with supplied software
1	Very easy and download pictures with supplied software
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, affordable media
1	to use, inexpensive, affordable media
1	leisurely to use, inexpensive, affordable media
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, media affordable
1	Easy to use, loose inexpensive, affordable media
1	comfortable to use, inexpensive, affordable media
1	Easy to media, inexpensive, affordable use
1	Easy use, inexpensive, affordable media
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, expend affordable media
0	No hierarchy in contact list, sync software hard to set up
0	No hierarchy in list, software hard to set up
0	No hierarchy in contact list, sync software firmly to ready up
0	No hierarchy to contact list, sync software hard in set up
0	No hierarchy in contact list, sync up hard to set software
0	No hierarchy in contact list, sync software hard no to set up
0	No hierarchy in contact, software hard to set up
0	No hierarchy in contact name, sync software hard to circle up
0	No hierarchy in strong contact list, sync software hard to set up
0	Sucks ink like Dracula sucks blood.
0	Sucks ink like Dracula sucks care blood.
0	Sucks ink like sucks Dracula blood.
0	ink Sucks like Dracula sucks blood.
0	Sucks fellate ink like Dracula sucks blood.
0	Sucks ink like Dracula nurse blood.
0	Sucks ink Dracula sucks blood.
0	ink like Dracula sucks blood.
0	Sucks ink like Dracula sucks stock.
0	A little slow but hey, what do u want for les than $200
0	A little slow but hey, cc what do u want for les than $200
0	A little but hey, what u want for les than $200
0	little slow but hey, what u want for les than $200
0	A petty retard but hey, what do u want for les than $200
0	A slacken little slow but hey, what do u want for les than $200
0	A little slow but hey, what do than want for les u $200
0	axerophthol little slow but hey, what do u require for les than $200
0	A little slow but hey, what do u want for les 200 $than
0	T9En autocompletion mode for scheduler terrible. Speakerphone quality could be better but is adequate.
0	T9En autocompletion mood for scheduler terrible. Speakerphone quality could be full but is adequate.
0	T9En autocompletion modality for scheduler horrendous. Speakerphone quality could be better but is adequate.
0	T9En autocompletion mode for awful scheduler terrible. Speakerphone quality could be better but is adequate.
0	T9En autocompletion mode for scheduler adequate. Speakerphone quality could be better but is terrible.
0	T9En autocompletion terrible for scheduler mode. Speakerphone quality could be better but is adequate.
0	T9En autocompletion mode for dread scheduler terrible. Speakerphone quality could be better but is adequate.
0	T9En for scheduler terrible. Speakerphone quality could be better but is adequate.
0	T9En autocompletion mode for scheduler terrible. Speakerphone could be better but is.
1	size, appearance, and features.  A winner.
1	size, appearance, and features.  winner.
1	size, appearance, and features.  ampere A winner.
1	size, appearance, and features.  A.
1	sizing size, appearance, and features.  A winner.
1	and, appearance, size features.  A winner.
1	size, appearance, features and.  A winner.
1	size, appearance, and features.  axerophthol winner.
1	size, show, and features.  A winner.
0	Bad reception, low ring volume.
0	Bad, low ring volume.
0	ring reception, low Bad volume.
0	Bad reception, echo low ring volume.
0	Bad reception, ring volume.
0	Bad reception, low resound volume.
0	Bad reception, low loudness ring volume.
0	reception Bad, low ring volume.
0	high-risk reception, low ring volume.
0	Difficulty with low light focusing, have to stop to focus, &amp;quot;Off&amp;quot; positioning
0	Difficulty with low light focusing, have to stop to ampere focus, &amp;quot;AMP Off&amp;quot; positioning
0	Difficulty with amp light focusing, have to stop to focus, &low;quot;Off&quot;amp; positioning
0	Difficulty with low light turned focusing, have to stop to focus, &amp;AMP quot;Off&amp;quot; positioning
0	with low light focusing, have to stop to, &amp;;Off&amp;quot; positioning
0	Difficulty with low wanton focalisation, have to cease to focus, &amp;quot;Off&amp;quot; positioning
0	low light, have to stop to focus, &amp;quot;Off&amp;quot; positioning
0	Difficulty with focusing light low, focus to stop to have, &amp;quot;Off&amp;quot; positioning
0	Difficulty with low light concentre, have to terminate to focusing, &amp;quot;Off&amp;quot; positioning
1	Holds a lot of paper, easy to use, versatile
1	Holds a lot of, easy to use, versatile
1	Holds a lot of paper, easy to various use, versatile
1	Holds a angstrom lot of paper, easy to use, versatile
1	lot a Holds of paper, easy to use, versatile
1	handle a lot of paper, easy to use, versatile
1	Holds a set of paper, easy to use, versatile
1	Holds a lot paper, easy to use, versatile
1	Holds a lot use paper, easy to of, versatile
1	Easy and trouble-free
1	well-situated and trouble-free
1	leisurely and trouble-free
1	Easy and prosperous trouble-free
1	and trouble-free
1	Easy trouble-free
1	and Easy trouble-free
1	Easy easy and trouble-free
1	Easy trouble-free and
1	decent quality printing, easy to use
1	to quality printing, easy decent use
1	decent quality printing, easy to impress use
1	decent quality printing, gentle to use
1	decent quality printing, easy to 
1	decent quality printing, tardily to use
1	decent printing, easy to use
1	decent quality printing, use to easy
1	decent quality decently printing, easy to use
1	Easy to set up out of box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
1	Easy to set up out of stunned box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
1	Easy to up out of box, functionality plus,for the price. No.
1	Easy set up out box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
1	Easy to set up out of plus, functionality box,for the price. No jams.
1	Easy to set up out of positive box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
1	easygoing to lot up out of box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
1	loose to primed up out of box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
1	Easy to set up the of box, functionality plus,for out price. No jams.
0	Not for large businesses
0	Not large for businesses
0	Not for large byplay businesses
0	large for Not businesses
0	Not for tumid businesses
0	non Not for large businesses
0	Not for businesses
0	Not for large 
0	Not for boastfully businesses
1	Alarm, stop watch, ect.
1	Alarm, stop check, ect.
1	, stop watch, ect.
1	Alarm, catch watch, ect.
1	stop, Alarm watch, ect.
1	Alarm, stop view watch, ect.
1	Alarm, watch, ect.
1	Alarm, watch stop, ect.
1	Alarm, electroshock stop watch, ect.
0	Cannot download ringers
0	Cannot download clone
0	Cannot ringers download
0	Cannot ringer download ringers
0	download Cannot ringers
0	Cannot ringers
0	clone Cannot download ringers
0	download ringers
0	Cannot download ringer
0	Highlights red hues in low-light situations, similar cons shared by most digital cameras.
0	Highlights cerise hues in low-light post, similar cons shared by most digital cameras.
0	Highlights ruby hues in low-light situations, similar rook shared by most digital cameras.
0	Highlights red hues in low-light situations, similar cons highlight shared by most digital cameras.
0	Highlights red hues in low-light nigh situations, similar cons shared by most digital cameras.
0	similar red hues in low-light situations, Highlights cons shared by most digital cameras.
0	Highlights red hues shared low-light situations, similar cons in by most digital cameras.
0	Highlights red in low-light situations, similar cons shared by most digital.
0	Highlights hues in low-light situations, similar cons shared most digital cameras.
1	Ease of use...great color, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads...Get It Now...battery, so far.
1	simplicity of use...great coloration, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads...produce It Now...battery, so far.
1	Ease of exercise...keen color, size....ease of menu...still of downloads...Get It Now...battery, so far.
1	Ease of use...great size, color....ease of menu...battery of downloads...Get It Now...ease, so far.
1	Ease of use...great color, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads...Get It Now...relieve battery, so therefore far.
1	Ease of use...great color, size....ease of menu...Interahamwe ease of downloads...colourise Get It Now...battery, so far.
1	Ease of use...great, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads... It Now...battery, far.
1	Now of great...use color, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads...Get It Ease...battery, so far.
1	Ease use...great, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads... It Now...battery, so far.
0	Not a lot of "extras" if that's your cup of tea.  A bit large.
0	Not a lot of "supernumerary extras" if that's your cup of tea.  A bit large.
0	Not a lot "extras" if that's your cup of tea.  A large.
0	Not a lot "extras" if that's your cup tea.  A bit large.
0	Not a lot of "extras" if that's your cup of tea.  A turn great.
0	Not a lot of "extras" if that's your cup of bit.  A tea large.
0	Not a lot of "extras" if not that's your cup of tea.  A bit large.
0	Not a lot of "extras" if that's your cup of tea.  bit A large.
0	Not a set of "extras" if that's your cup of tea.  amp bit large.
0	inability to upgrade the OS, monochrome screen, no sd, cf or bluetooth
0	inability to rise the OS, monochrome sort, no sd, cf or bluetooth
0	inability to upgrade the OS, monochrome screen, no climb sd, cf or bluetooth
0	screen to upgrade the OS, monochrome inability, no sd, cf or bluetooth
0	inability to upgrade the bone, monochrome screenland, no sd, cf or bluetooth
0	inability to raise upgrade the OS, monochrome screen, no sd, cf or bluetooth
0	inability to upgrade OS, monochrome screen, no sd, cf bluetooth
0	inability to upgrade the, monochrome screen, no, cf or bluetooth
0	inability to upgrade the OS, monochrome screen, or sd, cf no bluetooth
0	bad technology, programs not integrated- can't add appointment from database, need two hands to operate
0	badly technology, platform not integrated- can't add appointment from database, involve two hands to operate
0	bad technology, programs not manoeuvre integrated- can't add appointment from database, need ADHD two hands to operate
0	sorry technology, programs not integrated- can't add appointment from database, involve two script to operate
0	bad platform technology, programs not integrated- can't add appointment from database, need two hands to ii operate
0	bad technology, programs need integrated- can't appointment add from database, not two hands to operate
0	bad, programs not can't add appointment database, need two hands to operate
0	bad technology, programs not integrated- can't from appointment add database, need two operate to hands
0	bad technology, programs not add appointment from database, need two to operate
0	The battery life is lacking, no other real problems
0	The battery life is lacking, other real problems
0	The battery life is lacking, no other very problems
0	The battery life is lacking, no other real 
0	real battery life is lacking, no other The problems
0	The battery material life is lacking, no other real problems
0	The battery life is deficient, no other real problems
0	The battery life is lacking, no other real shelling problems
0	The battery life is lacking, no other problems real
0	The new "Compaq" and "Samsung" compliant  cartridges don't work in it.
0	The new "Compaq" and "Samsung" it  cartridges don't work in compliant.
0	The "Compaq" and "Samsung"  cartridges don't work in it.
0	The young "Compaq" and "Samsung" compliant  cartridges don't cultivate in it.
0	The newly "Compaq" and "Samsung" compliant  cartridges don't run in it.
0	The new "Compaq" and "Samsung" compliant  cartridges don't work it in.
0	The new "Compaq" and "Samsung" crop compliant  cartridges don't work in it.
0	The new "Compaq" cartridge and "Samsung" compliant  cartridges don't work in it.
0	The new "Compaq" and "Samsung"  cartridges don't in it.
1	Sexy design, Image, Video &amp; Sound capture, small
1	Sexy design, Image, Video &amp; Sound capture, persona small
1	Sexy design, effigy, Video &amp; Sound capture, small
1	capture design, Image, Video &amp; Sound Sexy, small
1	Sexy capture, Image, Video &amp; Sound design, small
1	Sexy design, conquer Image, Video &amp; Sound capture, small
1	Sexy design,, Video &amp; Sound capture, small
1	Sexy design, Image, Video &amp; capture, small
1	Sexy design, Image, Video &amp; sound capture, small
0	Buy the Camera Dock when you purchase the Camera
0	Buy the Camera Dock when you purchase Camera
0	Buy the Camera Dock when camera you purchase the Camera
0	Buy the Camera Dock when you purchase the Camera
0	Buy the Camera Dock when you the Camera
0	Buy the Camera Dock purchase you when the Camera
0	Buy camera the Camera Dock when you purchase the Camera
0	corrupt the Camera Dock when you purchase the Camera
0	bribe the Camera Dock when you purchase the Camera
0	Complicated to understand at times because of small size.
0	size to understand at times because of small Complicated.
0	Complicated to understand at times because of small sympathize size.
0	Complicated to understand because times at of small size.
0	Complicated to understand at times because sympathize of small size.
0	Complicated to understand at times because of modest size.
0	Complicated to understand at times because of small.
0	Complicated to understand at times because of size.
0	Complicated to understand at times because of little size.
1	Analog/Digital Cell Phone with Camera, the Web and Games!
1	Analog/Digital and Phone with Camera, the Web Cell Games!
1	Analog/Digital Camera Phone with Cell, the Web and Games!
1	Analog/analogue Digital Cell Phone with Camera, the Web and Games!
1	Analog/Digital Cell Phone cadre with Camera, the Web and Games!
1	Analog/Digital cubicle Phone with Camera, the Web and gage!
1	/Digital Cell Phone with Camera, the Web Games!
1	Analog/Digital Cell telephone with Camera, the web and Games!
1	/Digital Cell Phone with Camera, the Web and!
0	Joystick is a little frustrating and face plate chips easily
0	Joystick is a amp little frustrating and face plate chips easily
0	Joystick a little frustrating and face chips easily
0	Joystick is a little frustrating face plate chips 
0	Joystick is a little frustrating and face shell splintering easily
0	Joystick is a little frustrating A and face plate chips easily
0	Joystick is a plate frustrating and face little chips easily
0	Joystick and a little frustrating is face plate chips easily
0	Joystick is a little baffle and face plate chips easy
0	Everything. Except that it's blue.
0	. Except that it's blue.
0	drab Everything. Except that it's blue.
0	Everything. it's that Except blue.
0	Everything. that it's blue.
0	Everything. Except that it's bluish.
0	exclude Everything. Except that it's blue.
0	Everything. Except that it's puritanical.
0	Everything. Except it's that blue.
1	Prints nicely and quickly, Affordable price
1	Prints nicely price quickly, Affordable and
1	Affordable nicely and quickly, Prints price
1	Prints nicely and promptly, Affordable price
1	Prints nicely and, Affordable price
1	Prints nicely and rapidly, Affordable price
1	Prints nicely and affordable quickly, Affordable price
1	Prints publish nicely and quickly, Affordable price
1	Prints nicely and quickly, price
0	Makes a mess of the ink platen, borders, no roll adapter
0	Makes a mess of the ink platen, borders, no roll nobelium adapter
0	Makes a mess of the borders platen, ink, no roll adapter
0	Makes a mess of adenine the ink platen, borders, no roll adapter
0	Makes a mess of the ink platen, borders, adapter
0	Makes ink mess of the a platen, borders, no roll adapter
0	Makes mess the ink platen, borders, no roll adapter
0	Makes a mess of the ink platen, borders, no flap arranger
0	construct a mess of the ink platen, borders, no roll arranger
0	no clock
0	no clock
0	clock no
0	no time
0	clock
0	no 
0	no time clock
0	time no clock
1	Lightweight, easy to use, free
1	Lightweight, free to use, easy
1	Lightweight, easy to use, 
1	Lightweight, easy to consumption, free
1	Lightweight, easy to use, costless
1	Lightweight, easy use, free
1	Lightweight, easy to detached use, free
1	Lightweight, use to easy, free
1	Lightweight, easy to usage use, free
0	software
0	package
0	package software
0	software
1	Size, easy folding, price
1	Size, folding easy, price
1	Size, easy folding, 
1	Size, light folding, price
1	Size, prosperous easy folding, price
1	foldaway Size, easy folding, price
1	Size, easy, price
1	Size, easy folding, damage
1	price, easy folding, Size
1	Excellent to handle.  Comfortable ride.  The canopy is perfect for those really sunny days.
1	Excellent to handle.  easy rally.  The canopy is perfect for those really sunny days.
1	daylight Excellent to handle.  Comfortable ride.  The canopy is perfect for those really sunny days.
1	Excellent to handle.  Comfortable ride.  The canopy is perfect for gross those really sunny days.
1	The to handle.  Comfortable ride.  Excellent canopy is perfect for those really sunny days.
1	Excellent to handle.  Comfortable rag.  The canopy is perfect for those really sunny daylight.
1	Excellent handle.  ride.  The canopy is perfect for those really sunny days.
1	Excellent to handle.  Comfortable ride.  The is perfect those really sunny days.
1	Excellent to ride.  Comfortable handle.  The canopy is perfect for those really sunny days.
1	Good picture quality, good price
1	unspoiled picture quality, good price
1	price picture quality, good Good
1	Good quality picture, good price
1	Good picture quality, prize good price
1	Good picture quality, price
1	Good picture, good price
1	expert Good picture quality, good price
1	estimable picture quality, good price
1	It's excellent all the way around......when it's working properly.
1	It's excellent all the way around......when decent it's working properly.
1	It's excellent all the working around......when it's way properly.
1	It's excellent all way......when it's working properly.
1	properly excellent all the way around......when it's working It's.
1	It's excellent all the way around......when it's sour right.
1	It's excellent all some the way around......when it's working properly.
1	It's excellent the way......when it's working properly.
1	It's excellent all the way about......when it's operate properly.
0	ImageMaker software not compatible with older operating systems, locked into MemoryStick technology
0	ImageMaker software not compatible with older operating systems, locked into scheme MemoryStick technology
0	ImageMaker software not compatible with older operating systems, engage locked into MemoryStick technology
0	ImageMaker software not compatible with former work systems, locked into MemoryStick technology
0	ImageMaker not compatible with older operating, locked into MemoryStick technology
0	ImageMaker software not compatible with older into systems, locked operating MemoryStick technology
0	ImageMaker software not compatible with older operating systems, into MemoryStick 
0	not software ImageMaker compatible with older operating systems, locked into MemoryStick technology
0	ImageMaker software not compatible with sure-enough operating organization, locked into MemoryStick technology
0	Little bulky, not much memory.
0	much bulky, not Little memory.
0	Little bulky, not memory.
0	petty bulky, not much memory.
0	Little short bulky, not much memory.
0	Little bulky, not much.
0	Little bulky, not memory much.
0	Little footling bulky, not much memory.
0	lilliputian bulky, not much memory.
1	price and 8 megs of memory
1	damage and 8 megs of memory
1	price and 8 megs memory of
1	price and memory megs of 8
1	price and 8 meg megs of memory
1	and 8 megs of memory
1	price million and 8 megs of memory
1	price and viii megs of memory
1	price and 8 megs of 
1	Great pictures, nice movie mode, small, easy to use, 
1	Great dainty pictures, nice movie mode, small, easy to use, 
1	Great pictures, nice movie, small, easy to use, 
1	Great pictures, nice mode, small, easy to use, 
1	Great pictures, nice movie mode, small, well-heeled to use, 
1	Great pictures, nice capital movie mode, small, easy to use, 
1	Great pictures, nice small mode, movie, easy to use, 
1	Great pictures, nice movie use, small, easy to mode, 
1	Great pictures, nice movie mode, small, loose to use, 
1	The price is right, it takes a lot of pictures as well as video.
1	The price right, it a lot of pictures as well as video.
1	The price is right, it takes a of pictures well as video.
1	lot price is right, it takes a The of pictures as well as video.
1	The price is right, it takes a pot of figure as well as video.
1	The price is right, it takes constitute a lot of pictures as well as video.
1	The price is right, it takes a Lot of exposure as well as video.
1	The as is right, it takes a lot of pictures as well price video.
1	veracious The price is right, it takes a lot of pictures as well as video.
1	This printer does everything you could want.
1	printer does everything you could want.
1	This pressman does everything you could want.
1	This printer does you could want.
1	deficiency This printer does everything you could want.
1	This printer does everything could you want.
1	This printer does everything you could require.
1	This printer does everything you deprivation could want.
1	you printer does everything This could want.
1	Takes great pictures
1	Takes great photograph
1	Takes great dandy pictures
1	Takes pictures great
1	great Takes pictures
1	Takes slap-up pictures
1	characterization Takes great pictures
1	great pictures
1	Takes great 
1	Small Convenient Package
1	Convenient Package
1	Package Convenient Small
1	convenient Small Convenient Package
1	Small Convenient packet
1	diminished Convenient Package
1	Small Convenient commodious Package
1	Small Package Convenient
1	Small Package
0	Too small?
0	Too small?
0	besides small?
0	overly Too small?
0	Too?
0	small?
0	Too small-scale?
0	Too overly small?
0	small Too?
0	Slower Shutter response that any Film Camera.
0	boring Slower Shutter response that any Film Camera.
0	dull Shutter response that any Film Camera.
0	Slower Shutter that any Film Camera.
0	Slower Shutter response that any Camera.
0	Camera Shutter response that any Film Slower.
0	dense Shutter response that any Film Camera.
0	Slower Shutter response that any dumb Film Camera.
0	response Shutter Slower that any Film Camera.
0	keys "sweat" on the screen, talk time is 'eh', no full mp3's
0	keys "sweat" on the sieve, talk time is 'eh', no fully mp3's
0	tonality "sweat" on the sort, talk time is 'eh', no full mp3's
0	keys "sweat" on the screen, talk time along is 'eh', no full mp3's
0	keys "sweat" screen, talk time is 'eh', no full mp3's
0	keys "sweat" on the, talk time is 'eh', full mp3's
0	keys "sweat" on the concealment screen, talk time is 'eh', no full mp3's
0	keys "sweat" on the screen, talk time no 'eh', is full mp3's
0	keys "sweat" on full screen, talk time is 'eh', no the mp3's
0	Not small compared to other cams.  Hard to find.
0	to small compared Not other cams.  Hard to find.
0	Not small compared to other cams.  Hard to rule.
0	Not small compared to cams other.  Hard to find.
0	Not small compared to other cams.  Hard to.
0	Not small compared to other cams.  Hard find.
0	Not diminished compared to other cams.  Hard to find.
0	Not small compared to other Cam cams.  Hard to find.
0	Not small compared Cam to other cams.  Hard to find.
1	Laden with useful features, good performance
1	Laden useful with features, good performance
1	Laden good useful features, with performance
1	Laden undecomposed with useful features, good performance
1	Laden with features, good performance
1	Laden with useful, good performance
1	Laden oppressed with useful features, good performance
1	Laden with useful features, honorable performance
1	Laden with useful features, salutary performance
1	Bluetooth Wireless Capability; Sleek, Durable Design
1	Sleek Wireless Capability; Bluetooth, Durable Design
1	Bluetooth sleek Wireless Capability; Sleek, Durable Design
1	Bluetooth Wireless Capability; Sleek, Durable radiocommunication Design
1	Bluetooth Wireless Capability; Sleek, Durable 
1	Bluetooth Wireless Capability; Sleek, Durable designing
1	Bluetooth Wireless; Sleek, Durable Design
1	Durable Wireless Capability; Sleek, Bluetooth Design
1	Bluetooth Wireless Capability; streamlined, Durable Design
1	Thin and light.  Good sound quality.  Dual Band.  Battery built in!
1	Thin light.  Good sound.  Dual Band.  Battery built in!
1	Thin and lightness.  ripe sound quality.  Dual Band.  Battery built in!
1	Thin and light.  Good sound quality.  Dual Band.  Battery build built in!
1	Thin and light.  Good quality.  Band.  Battery built in!
1	Thin and choice light.  Good sound quality.  Dual Band.  Battery built in!
1	Thin and light.  near sound quality.  treble Band.  Battery built in!
1	Thin Battery light.  Good sound quality.  Dual Band.  and built in!
1	Thin and light.  Battery sound quality.  Dual Band.  Good built in!
1	Quality, Ease Of Use, Price, Software, Battery Life
1	Quality, shelling Ease Of Use, Price, Software, Battery Life
1	Quality, Ease Of Use, Price, Software, barrage Life
1	, Ease Of Use, Price, Software, Battery Life
1	Quality, Ease Software Use, Price, Of, Battery Life
1	Quality, Ease Of Use, software Price, Software, Battery Life
1	Quality, Ease Of, Price, Software, Battery Life
1	Quality, Ease Of Use, Price, Software, Battery sprightliness
1	Price, Ease Of Use, Quality, Software, Battery Life
1	The color display!
1	The colour display!
1	colourise The color display!
1	display color The!
1	The color colourize display!
1	The color exhibit!
1	color display!
1	The display!
1	The display color!
1	Battery life, durability, sound quality
1	Battery, durability, sound quality
1	Battery life, durability, sound 
1	Battery life, durability, sound lineament
1	sound life, durability, Battery quality
1	intelligent Battery life, durability, sound quality
1	Battery life, strength durability, sound quality
1	Battery life, quality, sound durability
1	Battery life-time, durability, sound quality
0	Tremendous ink consumption, frequent paper jams
0	marvelous ink consumption, frequent paper jams
0	Tremendous ink consumption, sponsor frequent paper jams
0	Tremendous ink patronize consumption, frequent paper jams
0	Tremendous ink consumption, frequent paper 
0	Tremendous ink consumption, paper frequent jams
0	Tremendous paper consumption, frequent ink jams
0	terrific ink consumption, frequent paper jams
0	Tremendous ink consumption, paper jams
0	Cartridge cost, quality
0	Cartridge be, quality
0	Cartridge tone cost, quality
0	quality cost, Cartridge
0	Cartridge cost, pickup quality
0	Cartridge, quality
0	Cartridge quality, cost
0	cost, quality
0	Cartridge cost, timber
1	Space saving, high quality images, inexpensive
1	Space saving, quality images, inexpensive
1	Space saving, high inexpensive images, quality
1	Space preserve saving, high quality images, inexpensive
1	space saving, high quality images, inexpensive
1	Space lineament saving, high quality images, inexpensive
1	Space saving, inexpensive quality images, high
1	Space saving, high-pitched quality images, inexpensive
1	saving, high quality images, inexpensive
1	Best camera for the price
1	better camera for the price
1	the camera for Best price
1	scoop camera for the price
1	Best camera for the price
1	Best camera for price
1	Best for camera the price
1	camera for the price
1	Sound quality.
1	quality Sound.
1	Sound timber quality.
1	Sound.
1	Sound quality.
1	voice Sound quality.
1	strait quality.
1	Sound caliber.
1	quality.
0	4M card.
0	poster 4M card.
0	4M poster card.
0	4M.
0	4M poster.
0	card 4M.
0	4M bill.
0	card.
0	4M card.
0	Phone shuts off unexpectedly, especially during calls. Sounds are static like
0	Phone shuts off, especially during calls. are static like
0	phone shuts off unexpectedly, especially during claim. Sounds are static like
0	Phone shuts off close unexpectedly, especially during calls. Sounds are static like
0	Phone shuts off unexpectedly, especially during predict. vocalise are static like
0	static shuts off unexpectedly, especially during calls. Sounds are Phone like
0	shuts off unexpectedly, especially during calls. Sounds static like
0	Phone shuts off static, especially during calls. Sounds are unexpectedly like
0	Phone shuts off unexpectedly, especially during calls. Sounds are circumstantially static like
0	Hard to hold still ... That might just be me.
0	Hard to hold nevertheless ... That might just be me.
0	Hard to hold still ... That might just be.
0	Hard to hold still ... That might just ME be me.
0	Hard to hold be ... That might just still me.
0	Hard to halt still ... That might just be me.
0	Hard to hold still ... power That might just be me.
0	Hard to hold still ... That just be me.
0	Hard to might still ... That hold just be me.
0	small buttons
0	small little buttons
0	little buttons
0	buttons
0	minor buttons
0	small 
0	small buttons
0	buttons small
0	small clit buttons
0	does not play .mp3 files
0	does not .mp3 files
0	does not swordplay .mp3 files
0	does not act .mp3 files
0	file does not play .mp3 files
0	does not play .mp3 act files
0	does play .mp3 files
0	files not play .mp3 does
0	does files play .mp3 not
1	Excellent software programs
1	software Excellent programs
1	Excellent software syllabus
1	Excellent package programs
1	Excellent software programme programs
1	Excellent software 
1	programs software Excellent
1	software programs
1	package Excellent software programs
1	easy to use, web, color, durable,
1	easy to gentle use, web, color, durable,
1	easy to use, entanglement, color, durable,
1	easy to use, web, semblance, durable,
1	durable to use, web, color, easy,
1	easy to use, web, wanton color, durable,
1	easy to color, web, use, durable,
1	easy to use,, color, durable,
1	to use, web, color, durable,
1	Great reception, internet capable, Size,
1	Great reception, capable, Size,
1	net Great reception, internet capable, Size,
1	Great reception, net capable, Size,
1	reception Great, internet capable, Size,
1	smashing reception, internet capable, Size,
1	Great reception, internet Size, capable,
1	Great reception, internet capable, receipt Size,
1	reception, internet capable, Size,
0	battery life is terrible, durability is a big ?????
0	battery life is terrible, constitute durability is a big ?????
0	battery life is terrible, durability is big ?????
0	life is terrible, durability is a big ?????
0	battery life is terrible, barrage durability is a big ?????
0	battery is is terrible, durability life a big ?????
0	battery life big terrible, durability is a is ?????
0	battery life is terrible, durability is a full-grown ?????
0	battery life is terrible, durability is a handsome ?????
1	Fast Black and White printing
1	fasting Black and White printing
1	Black and White printing
1	Fast Black and White 
1	Fast and Black White printing
1	Fast Black printing White and
1	Fast Black and White melanize printing
1	Fast black-market and White printing
1	Fast Black Negroid and White printing
1	Small. Awesome battery Life. Really good menu systems.
1	Small. Awesome battery Life. Really awful good menu systems.
1	Small. Awesome battery menu. Really good Life systems.
1	Small. Awesome battery Life. Really good menu scheme.
1	Small. Awesome battery Life. Really good menu.
1	Small. Awesome battery Life. Really good menu minor systems.
1	belittled. Awesome battery Life. Really good menu systems.
1	battery. Awesome Small Life. Really good menu systems.
1	Small. Awesome battery Life. good menu systems.
1	high quality, easy to use, fast and portable, takes great pictures; tons of fun!
1	high quality, easy to use, fast gamy and portable, takes great pictures; tons of fun!
1	high quality, easy to employ, fast and portable, issue great pictures; tons of fun!
1	high quality, easy to use, fast and portable, takes capital depict; tons of fun!
1	high quality, easy to use, and, takes great pictures; tons of fun!
1	high quality, easy to use, fast and portable, takes great pictures; eminent tons of fun!
1	high quality, easy to use, of and portable, takes great pictures; tons fast fun!
1	high quality, easy use, fast and portable, takes great pictures; tons fun!
1	high quality, easy use to, fast and portable, takes great pictures; tons of fun!
0	Has switched off for no reason twice, 1gig memory card drains battery quickly.
0	Has off for no reason, 1gig memory card drains battery quickly.
0	switched off for no reason twice, 1gig memory card drains quickly.
0	Has switched reason for no off twice, 1gig memory card drains battery quickly.
0	Has switched off for no reason twice, 1gig memory card drains apace battery quickly.
0	Has switched off for no reason twice, 1gig memory placard drains bombardment quickly.
0	Has switched off double for no reason twice, 1gig memory card drains battery quickly.
0	card switched off for no reason twice, 1gig memory Has drains battery quickly.
0	birth switched off for no reason twice, 1gig memory card enfeeble battery quickly.
1	Big color screen, decent battery life, cool look.
1	Big color screen, decent cool life, battery look.
1	Big color screen, decent battery life, cool discolor look.
1	Big color screen, decently battery life, cool look.
1	Big color, decent battery life, cool look.
1	Big color screen, decent battery look, cool life.
1	Big color screen, decent battery life, cool spirit.
1	Big color screen, decent coloration battery life, cool look.
1	color screen, decent battery life, cool look.
0	Poor indoor photo quality. Especially the flash and white balance.  Battery life.
0	Poor indoor photo caliber. Especially the flash and clean balance.  Battery life.
0	Poor indoor photo quality. photograph Especially the flash and white balance.  Battery life.
0	Poor indoor photo quality. Especially the instant and white balance.  bombardment life.
0	Poor indoor photo quality. balance the flash and white Especially.  Battery life.
0	Poor indoor photo quality. proportion Especially the flash and white balance.  Battery life.
0	Poor indoor photo. Especially the flash and white balance.  life.
0	Poor indoor quality. Especially the and white balance.  Battery life.
0	Poor indoor photo quality. Especially the white and flash balance.  Battery life.
1	Fast, no jamming, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for that matter
1	flying, no jamming, inexpensive ink, inexpensive pressman for that matter
1	jamming, no Fast, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for that matter
1	Fast, no jamming, inexpensive count ink, inexpensive PRINTER for that matter
1	ink, no jamming, inexpensive Fast, inexpensive PRINTER for that matter
1	immobile, no ram, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for that matter
1	Fast, no No jamming, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for that matter
1	Fast, no, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for that 
1	Fast, no, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for matter
1	Excellent print quality, fast, reliable, economy mode, Mac Serial, PC Parallel, and USB interfaces.
1	splendid Excellent print quality, fast, reliable, economy mode, Mac Serial, PC Parallel, and USB interfaces.
1	Excellent print quality, fast, reliable, economy modality, Mac Serial, PC collimate, and USB interfaces.
1	Excellent print quality, fast, reliable, economy Parallel, Mac Serial, PC mode, and USB interfaces.
1	Excellent print quality, fast, reliable, economy mode, Mac Serial, thriftiness PC Parallel, and USB interfaces.
1	Excellent print quality, fast, reliable, economy mode, Mac and, PC Parallel, Serial USB interfaces.
1	Excellent print quality, fast,, economy mode, Mac, PC Parallel, and USB interfaces.
1	Excellent print quality, fast, reliable, economy mode,, PC Parallel, and USB interfaces.
1	Excellent print lineament, riotous, reliable, economy mode, Mac Serial, PC Parallel, and USB interfaces.
0	Poor address book searching, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, blankenned button function screen
0	Poor address book, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, blankenned button function 
0	Poor accost book searching, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, blankenned button mapping screen
0	Poor address book searching, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, screen button function blankenned
0	Poor address book searching, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, button blankenned function screen
0	Poor address book searching, poor voice, no power-on indicator, button function screen
0	Poor address book searching, piteous voice quality, no power-on indicator, blankenned button function sort
0	Poor address book searching, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, Book blankenned button function screen
0	Poor address book searching, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, blankenned call button function screen
0	Service sucks, feels and sounds like a Walkie-talkie, Size, ugly.
0	Service sucks, feels and sounds a like Walkie-talkie, Size, ugly.
0	Service sucks, experience and sounds like a Walkie-talkie, size, ugly.
0	Service sucks, feels and despicable sounds like a Walkie-talkie, Size, ugly.
0	Service sucks, feels sounds like a Walkie-talkie, Size,.
0	wish Service sucks, feels and sounds like a Walkie-talkie, Size, ugly.
0	Service sucks, feeling and sounds like a Walkie-talkie, Size, surly.
0	sucks, feels and sounds like a Walkie-talkie,, ugly.
0	a sucks, feels and sounds like Service Walkie-talkie, Size, ugly.
1	Excellent size, good integration, stable
1	Excellent size, stable integration, good
1	Excellent size, expert integration, stable
1	integration size, good Excellent, stable
1	Excellent size, secure integration, stable
1	Excellent size, good, stable
1	Excellent size, good static integration, stable
1	Excellent size, good integration, near stable
1	Excellent size, good integration, 
0	Focus range begins at 4 feet, lens unprotected.
0	Focus begins at 4 feet, lens unprotected.
0	Focus pasture begins at 4 feet, lens unprotected.
0	Focus range begins at 4 feet, lens focussing unprotected.
0	Focus chain begins at 4 feet, lens unprotected.
0	Focus lense range begins at 4 feet, lens unprotected.
0	Focus at begins range 4 feet, lens unprotected.
0	Focus range feet at 4 begins, lens unprotected.
0	Focus range begins 4 feet, lens unprotected.
1	Great quality enlargements.
1	Great quality.
1	Great choice enlargements.
1	enlargements quality Great.
1	Great elaboration quality enlargements.
1	Great keen quality enlargements.
1	Great enlargements.
1	quality Great enlargements.
1	great quality enlargements.
0	Does not meet advertised specifications.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No support.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	nobelium Does not ampere meet advertised specifications.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No support.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	make not match advertised specifications.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No affirm.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Does not meet advertised specifications.&amp;#advertize 13;&amp;#10;No support.&amp;#13;&amp;#non 10;
0	Does not meet specifications.&amp;#13;&;#10;No support.&amp;#;&amp;#10;
0	act not meet advertised specifications.&amp;#13;&amp;#X;No support.&amp;#XIII;&amp;#10;
0	Does not meet advertised 10.&amp;#13;&support;#specifications;No amp.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	not meet advertised specifications.&;#13;&amp;#10;No support.&;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Does not meet 13 specifications.&amp;#support;&amp;#10;No 13.&amp;#advertised;&amp;#10;
0	A little heavy, just get the swivel clip.
0	A little heavy, just nonplus the swivel clip.
0	A little heavy, just get the swivel large clip.
0	A heavy, just get the swivel clip.
0	A little heavy, get just the swivel clip.
0	little heavy, just get the swivel clip.
0	A little heavy, just stick the swivel clip.
0	A little heavy, just get simply the swivel clip.
0	swivel little heavy, just get the A clip.
0	Weird interface, software crash, ear bug sux, no web??? IR port not working...
0	Weird interface, software crash, ear bug working, no web??? IR port not sux...
0	Weird interface, software crash, ear, no web??? IR port not working...
0	Weird interface, software crash, auricle bug sux, no web??? IR port not work...
0	, software crash, ear bug sux, no web??? IR port not working...
0	Weird interface, software crash, ear bug sux, no net web??? IR port not working...
0	Weird interface, software clangoring, ear microbe sux, no web??? IR port not working...
0	No Weird interface, software crash, ear bug sux, no web??? IR port not working...
0	Weird interface, software crash, not bug sux, no web??? IR port ear working...
1	Tri-Band, Small, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery Life, Highly Expandable
1	Tri-Band, Small, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, Life, GPRS, Excellent Battery WAP, Highly Expandable
1	Tri-Band, Small, Excellent, Lightweight, Slim Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery Life, Highly Expandable
1	Tri-Band, Small, Slim, highly Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery Life, Highly Expandable
1	Tri-Band, Small, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, fantabulous Battery Life, Highly expansile
1	Tri-Band, minor, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery Life, Highly expandible
1	, Small, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP,, Excellent Battery Life, Highly Expandable
1	Tri-Band, Small, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery lifespan Life, Highly Expandable
1	, Small, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth,, GPRS, Excellent Battery Life, Highly Expandable
1	Easy, zoom lens, no computer hookup,
1	Easy, zoom lens, no computer,
1	sluttish, zoom lens, no computer hookup,
1	Easy, lens zoom, no computer hookup,
1	Easy, zoom figurer lens, no computer hookup,
1	Easy, zoom lens, computer hookup,
1	Easy, no lens, zoom computer hookup,
1	Easy, zoom lense, no computer hookup,
1	Easy, zoom lens, Lens no computer hookup,
1	Easy to use. 
1	easygoing Easy to use. 
1	Easy use to. 
1	Easy use. 
1	purpose Easy to use. 
1	to use. 
1	wanton to use. 
1	to Easy use. 
1	slowly to use. 
0	Power consumption; should be sold with the 'optional' power kit included.
0	Power consumption; should be sold force with the 'optional' power kit included.
0	included consumption; should be sold with the 'optional' power kit Power.
0	Power consumption; should be sold exist with the 'optional' power kit included.
0	powerfulness consumption; should be sell with the 'optional' power kit included.
0	Power; be sold with the 'optional' power kit included.
0	Power consumption; should be sold with the 'optional' office outfit included.
0	Power kit; should be sold with the 'optional' power consumption included.
0	consumption; should be sold with the 'optional' power kit.
0	Features, sound quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, battery life
0	Features, sound quality, processor, ease-of-use, battery life
0	Features, CPU sound quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, battery life
0	Features, sound living quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, battery life
0	Features, sound quality, life speed, ease-of-use, battery processor
0	Features, sound quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, life battery
0	Features, sound prime, processor speed, ease-of-use, battery life
0	Features, sound quality, processor fastness, ease-of-use, battery life
0	Features, sound quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, life
0	Photo cartridges are 45 dollars, stopped working in less than a year, big and bulky
0	Photo cartridges are dollars, stopped working in than a year, big and 
0	Photo than are 45 dollars, stopped working in less cartridges a bulky, big and year
0	Photo cartridges are 45 clam, barricade working in less than a year, openhanded and bulky
0	embody Photo cartridges are 45 dollars, stopped working in less than magazine a year, big and bulky
0	clam Photo cartridges are 45 dollars, angstrom stopped working in less than a year, big and bulky
0	Photo cartridges are dollars, stopped working in less a year, big bulky
0	Photo cartridges are bulky working, stopped dollars in less than a year, big and 45
0	pic cartridges are 45 dollars, break working in less than a year, self-aggrandizing and bulky
0	Expensive!
0	expensive!
0	Expensive!
0	expensive Expensive!
0	Short Battery Life; Slow Download
0	Short Battery Life; Download
0	Short Battery Life; aliveness Slow Download
0	Download Battery Life; Slow Short
0	Battery Life; Slow Download
0	Battery Short Life; Slow Download
0	Short Battery Life; ho-hum Download
0	Short battery Battery Life; Slow Download
0	Short bombardment Life; Slow Download
0	Software Problems, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours spent with tech support
0	Hours Problems, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, Software spent with tech support
0	Software Problems, Hardware with, Printing Problems, Hours spent Problems tech support
0	Software Problems, Hardware Problems, impression Printing Problems, Hours spent with tech support
0	Software Problems, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, spent with support
0	Software Problems, Hardware ironware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours spent with tech support
0	Software Problems, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, hour spent with tech backup
0	Software Problems, ironware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours spent with tech back
0	Problems, Hardware Problems, Printing, Hours spent with tech support
0	Poor ergonomics, poor sound.
0	Poor ergonomics, poor vocalize.
0	pitiable Poor ergonomics, poor sound.
0	sound ergonomics, poor Poor.
0	poor ergonomics, Poor sound.
0	Poor ergonomics, poor hapless sound.
0	Poor ergonomics, sound.
0	Poor, poor sound.
0	Poor ergonomics, poor effectual.
0	Battery life.
0	Battery life.
0	Battery sprightliness life.
0	life Battery.
0	barrage life.
0	Battery lifetime.
0	life.
0	biography Battery life.
0	Battery.
1	Simple, easy to use, no additional equipment to buy.
1	Simple, easy to use, no additional apply equipment to buy.
1	bare, easy to use, no additional equipment to buy.
1	Simple, easy extra to use, no additional equipment to buy.
1	Simple, easy to exercise, no additional equipment to buy.
1	Simple, easy to use, additional equipment to buy.
1	Simple, easy to use, no additional equipment buy.
1	Simple, easy additional use, no to equipment to buy.
1	Simple, easy to additional, no use equipment to buy.
0	occasional fuzzy spots
0	occasional fuzzy 
0	occasional spots
0	foggy occasional fuzzy spots
0	occasional fuzzy blemish
0	blurry occasional fuzzy spots
0	spots fuzzy occasional
0	fuzzy occasional spots
0	occasional fuzzy touch
1	Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink,Fantastic Photos
1	,Thrifty with ink,Fantastic Photos
1	Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink, Photos
1	Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink,marvellous Photos
1	Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink,Photos Fantastic
1	Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink,exposure Fantastic Photos
1	Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink,Fantastic picture Photos
1	Inexpensive,Thrifty with Photos,Fantastic ink
1	Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink,wonderful Photos
1	Inexpensive~~easy to use
1	Inexpensive~~easy cheap to use
1	to~~easy Inexpensive use
1	Inexpensive~~well-fixed to use
1	Inexpensive~~easy to 
1	~~easy to use
1	Inexpensive~~leisurely to use
1	Inexpensive~~light easy to use
1	easy~~Inexpensive to use
0	Printer is slow &amp; the drivers lock up
0	Printer is slow &amp; the drivers lock printer up
0	Printer is slack &amp; the drivers lock up
0	Printer is dim &amp; the drivers lock up
0	Printer is amp &slow; the drivers lock up
0	Printer is slow &amp; up drivers lock the
0	whorl Printer is slow &amp; the drivers lock up
0	Printer slow &amp; the drivers lock up
0	Printer is &amp; the drivers lock up
1	This camera is a great step up from the Sony MVC 71 series
1	This camera is a great up the Sony MVC 71 series
1	This camera is a keen ill-treat up from the Sony MVC 71 series
1	Sony camera is a great step up from the This MVC 71 series
1	This camera is a great step up from the lxxi Sony MVC 71 series
1	This camera is a peachy tone up from the Sony MVC 71 series
1	This camera is a step up from the Sony MVC series
1	This camera is a great step up from the Sony 71 MVC series
1	This camera amp is a great step up from the Sony MVC 71 series
1	Easy to install
1	to Easy install
1	Easy to leisurely install
1	install to Easy
1	wanton to install
1	Easy to 
1	easy to install
1	Easy wanton to install
1	to install
1	Price, Speed, Cost of Maintenance, Performance
1	Price, Speed, Cost Performance Maintenance, of
1	Price, Speed, Cost of hie Maintenance, Performance
1	Price, Speed, Cost of Maintenance, 
1	Price, Speed, Cost of maintenance, Performance
1	Maintenance, Speed, Cost of Price, Performance
1	Price, Speed, Cost of, Performance
1	Price, Speed, sustenance Cost of Maintenance, Performance
1	Price, Speed, Cost of sustentation, Performance
0	SLOOOOW!
0	SLOOOOW!
0	lens cap attached by string; easy to knock off accidentally leaving lens unprotected
0	lens cap attached by string; easy to knock off going accidentally leaving lens unprotected
0	dispatch lens cap attached by string; easy to knock off accidentally leaving lens unprotected
0	cap attached by string; to knock off accidentally leaving lens unprotected
0	lens cap lens by string; easy to knock off accidentally leaving attached unprotected
0	lens cap attached by string; easy knock accidentally leaving lens unprotected
0	lens cap attached leaving string; easy to knock off accidentally by lens unprotected
0	lens cap confiscate by string; easy to knock off accidentally result lens unprotected
0	lens roof attached by string; easily to knock off accidentally leaving lens unprotected
1	Virtually Unbreakable, 2way paging, a lot of stuff
1	Virtually Unbreakable, 2way paging, a lot of pot stuff
1	Virtually Unbreakable, 2way paging, a lot angstrom of stuff
1	Virtually Unbreakable, 2way, a lot of stuff
1	Unbreakable, 2way paging, a lot of stuff
1	Virtually Unbreakable, 2way paging, a fate of stuff
1	Virtually Unbreakable, of paging, a lot 2way stuff
1	Virtually Unbreakable, 2way stuff, a lot of paging
1	most Unbreakable, 2way paging, a lot of stuff
0	Zero customer service
0	cypher customer service
0	customer Zero service
0	Zero zero customer service
0	service customer Zero
0	Zero service
0	Zero serve customer service
0	customer service
0	Zero client service
1	Easy to use, works at night, mpeg movie recording, size, memory works well with VAIO.
1	Easy to use, employment at night, mpeg movie recording, size, memory workings fountainhead with VAIO.
1	soft to use, works at night, mpeg movie commemorate, size, memory workplace well with VAIO.
1	Easy to use, at night, mpeg movie recording, size, works well with.
1	Easy to show use, works at night, mpeg movie recording, MPEG size, memory works well with VAIO.
1	Easy to use, works, mpeg movie recording, size, works well with VAIO.
1	Easy to use, works at with, mpeg movie recording, size, memory well works night VAIO.
1	Easy to use, works at draw night, mpeg movie recording, size, memory make works well with VAIO.
1	memory works use, to at night, mpeg movie recording, size, Easy works well with VAIO.
0	Minor nozzle clogging issue in some situations
0	modest nozzle clogging issue in some situations
0	Minor nozzle clogging issue in inch some situations
0	Minor nozzle clogging outlet in some situations
0	nozzle clogging issue in some situations
0	Minor nozzle situations issue in some clogging
0	Minor clogging issue in some situations
0	Minor issue clogging nozzle in some situations
0	snoot Minor nozzle clogging issue in some situations
1	Well built reasonably priced dual mode phone. Has lasted me nearly two years.
1	Well built reasonably priced dual mode phone. Has lasted me years.
1	Well built priced dual mode phone. Has lasted me nearly years.
1	Well built reasonably priced passably dual mode phone. Has lasted me nearly two years.
1	Well built reasonably priced dual mode phone. Has lasted feature me nearly two years.
1	Has built reasonably priced dual mode phone. Well lasted me nearly two years.
1	Well establish sanely priced dual mode phone. Has lasted me nearly two years.
1	Well built reasonably mode dual priced phone. Has lasted me nearly two years.
1	Well built jolly priced dual mood phone. Has lasted me nearly two years.
1	Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build Quality; Compact; Extras
1	Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build Quality; pack; Extras
1	Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build Quality; Compact; duplicate Extras
1	Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build Quality; soma Compact; Extras
1	Quality; Video Recording; Build Quality; Compact; Extras
1	Quality Pictures; Quality Recording; Build Video; Compact; Extras
1	Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build Quality; summary; Extras
1	Video Pictures; Quality Recording; Build Quality; Compact; Extras
1	Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build; Compact; Extras
0	Volume range; echo
0	range Volume; echo
0	Volume range; vagabond echo
0	Volume range; bulk echo
0	Volume echo; range
0	Volume order; echo
0	range; echo
0	Volume range; Echo
0	Volume range; 
0	too big for the home desktop, loud and noisy, draws a lot of power
0	too big for the home desktop, loud and noisy, draws a lot of overly power
0	too for home desktop, loud and noisy, draws a lot of power
0	too big for the home desktop, loud and noisy, draws lot power
0	too big for the home desktop, loud a noisy, draws and lot of power
0	too and for the home desktop, loud big noisy, draws a lot of power
0	too giving big for the home desktop, loud and noisy, draws a lot of power
0	too big for the dwelling desktop, loud and noisy, withdraw a lot of power
0	too big for the plate desktop, loud and noisy, attractor a lot of power
1	Looks SLEEK against my Cheek
1	Looks SLEEK cheek against my Cheek
1	Looks SLEEK against my 
1	Looks my against SLEEK Cheek
1	Looks SLEEK Cheek my against
1	expression SLEEK against my Cheek
1	smell Looks SLEEK against my Cheek
1	face SLEEK against my Cheek
1	Looks SLEEK against Cheek
1	cheap, light, clear, easy to use menus, cool covers
1	cheap, light, clear, covers to use menus, cool easy
1	cheap, light, clear, easy to use, cool covers
1	cheap, light, clear, tardily to use menus, cool covers
1	cheap, light, clear, easy to use menus, cool 
1	cheap, light, clear, easy to consumption menus, cool covers
1	cheap, light, clear, easy to use menus, cool cheesy covers
1	cheap, light, menus, easy to use clear, cool covers
1	cheap, light, clear, easy to card use menus, cool covers
1	Makes a good paperweight
1	Makes paperweight good a
1	work a good paperweight
1	Makes a good puddle paperweight
1	Makes a good 
1	good a Makes paperweight
1	Makes a soundly paperweight
1	Makes a good skilful paperweight
1	a good paperweight
0	No web or GSM, no useful keyboard lock, hard to change rings. Antenna can break!
0	No web or hard, no useful keyboard lock, GSM Antenna change rings. to can break!
0	to web or GSM, no useful keyboard lock, hard No change rings. break can Antenna!
0	No web or GSM, no useful lock, hard to change rings. can!
0	No web or GSM, no useful keyboard lock, hard to modification telephone. Antenna can transgress!
0	No utilitarian web nobelium or GSM, no useful keyboard lock, hard to change rings. Antenna can break!
0	No web or GSM, no useful vane keyboard lock, hard to change nobelium rings. Antenna can break!
0	No web or, no keyboard lock, hard to change rings. Antenna can!
0	No WWW or GSM, no useful keyboard lock, concentrated to change resound. Antenna can break!
0	Vertical format shape and 8 way selector take getting used to.
0	Vertical format shape and 8 style selector take acquiring used to.
0	Vertical format take and 8 way selector shape getting used to.
0	selector format shape and 8 way Vertical take getting used to.
0	Vertical shape and 8 way selector take getting used.
0	Vertical format apply shape and 8 way selector take getting used to.
0	Vertical format shape and selector take getting used to.
0	Vertical format shape and 8 way selector take come getting used to.
0	Vertical format shape and 8 direction selector take scram used to.
0	expensive small size cart.
0	expensive size small cart.
0	expensive small cart.
0	expensive small size hale.
0	expensive cart size small.
0	expensive small size pushcart.
0	expensive small sizing size cart.
0	expensive lowly small size cart.
0	small size cart.
0	Low resolution for too much $$$
0	lowly resolution for too much $$$
0	lots Low resolution for too much $$$
0	much resolution for too Low $$$
0	Low resolution for much $$$
0	Low resolution for practically too much $$$
0	Low resolution for too $$$
0	Low too for resolution much $$$
0	scummy resolution for too much $$$
1	Size, display, easy controls
1	Size,, easy controls
1	Size, display, slow controls
1	Size, insure display, easy controls
1	Size, display, easy 
1	Size, display, wanton easy controls
1	Size, display, easy ascertain
1	Size, controls, easy display
1	controls, display, easy Size
0	Pricey.  Cannot associate sound per contact - only groups.  Cannot add groups.
0	Pricey.  Cannot associate per contact - groups.  Cannot add groups.
0	pricy.  Cannot associate vocalise per contact - only groups.  Cannot add groups.
0	Pricey.  Cannot sound per contact - groups.  Cannot add groups.
0	Pricey.  Cannot associate sound per strait contact - only groups.  Cannot add groups.
0	Pricey.  Cannot associate sound per contact - add groups.  Cannot only groups.
0	Pricey.  Cannot associate phone per link - only groups.  Cannot add groups.
0	tally Pricey.  Cannot associate sound per contact - only groups.  Cannot add groups.
0	Pricey.  Cannot only sound per contact - associate groups.  Cannot add groups.
1	Ease of general use; compact size; good quality pictures for the price
1	Ease of general use; compact size; good select image for the price
1	Ease quality general use; compact size; good of pictures for the price
1	Ease of general use; compact; good quality pictures for price
1	Ease of general use; compact size; good quality icon for the Price
1	Ease of general use; simplicity compact size; good quality pictures for the price
1	Ease of general use; compact size; good quality pictures for calibre the price
1	Ease of general pictures; compact size; good quality use for the price
1	Ease of general use; compact size; good quality for price
0	terrible reception, poor battery, horrible functionality
0	terrible reception, poor battery, horrible short functionality
0	terrible, poor battery, horrible functionality
0	terrible reception, piteous battery, horrible functionality
0	terrible reception, bombardment poor battery, horrible functionality
0	battery reception, poor terrible, horrible functionality
0	terrible horrible, poor battery, reception functionality
0	terrible reception, poor battery, frightful functionality
0	terrible reception, poor, horrible functionality
0	Viewfinder visibility in bright sunlight
0	Viewfinder visibility in brightly sunlight
0	Viewfinder visibility in brilliant sunlight
0	Viewfinder visibility in sunlight
0	Viewfinder sunlight in bright visibility
0	sunlight visibility in bright Viewfinder
0	inch Viewfinder visibility in bright sunlight
0	Viewfinder in bright sunlight
0	Viewfinder visibility sunshine in bright sunlight
0	Comes with a too small memory stick.
0	Comes a too small memory stick.
0	Comes with a too small memory joystick.
0	Comes axerophthol with a too small memory stick.
0	a with Comes too small memory stick.
0	ejaculate with a too small memory stick.
0	Comes with a too small wedge memory stick.
0	Comes with a too small stick.
0	too with a Comes small memory stick.
0	Not too many extras.
0	Not many extras.
0	Not too many extra.
0	likewise Not too many extras.
0	Not extras many too.
0	Not too non many extras.
0	too many extras.
0	extras too many Not.
0	Not too many duplicate.
0	Autofocus has problems in low light, fragile power/lens cover switch
0	Autofocus has problems in low unclouded, fragile power/lens cover flip
0	Autofocus has problems in low light,/lens cover switch
0	problems has Autofocus in low light, fragile power/lens cover switch
0	Autofocus has cover in low light, fragile power/lens problems switch
0	Autofocus has problems in low light-colored, fragile baron/lens cover switch
0	Autofocus has problems In in low light, fragile power/lens cover switch
0	Autofocus has problems in low lense light, fragile power/lens cover switch
0	has problems in low light, fragile power/ cover switch
0	Doesn't maneuver well.  Gets stuck open or closed.   Price.
0	Doesn't maneuver stuck.  Gets well open or closed.   Price.
0	Doesn't maneuver well.  Gets stuck open closed.   Price.
0	Doesn't maneuver well.  Gets stuck or closed.   Price.
0	Doesn't unsympathetic maneuver well.  Gets stuck open or closed.   Price.
0	flummox Doesn't maneuver well.  Gets stuck open or closed.   Price.
0	Doesn't tactic well.  Gets stuck open or closed.   Price.
0	Doesn't maneuver well.  Gets stuck subject or closed.   Price.
0	maneuver Doesn't well.  Gets stuck open or closed.   Price.
0	no problems
0	no trouble
0	no trouble problems
0	no 
0	problems
0	problems no
0	job no problems
0	no problems
0	no problem
0	Definitaly use  an Adapter
0	Definitaly an  use Adapter
0	Adapter use  an Definitaly
0	Definitaly exercise use  an Adapter
0	Definitaly manipulation  an Adapter
0	Definitaly use  Adapter
0	Definitaly utilize  an Adapter
0	employ Definitaly use  an Adapter
0	Definitaly use  an 
0	haven't found any yet.
0	haven't feel any yet.
0	haven't found any.
0	haven't found yet any.
0	haven't observe any yet.
0	haven't any yet.
0	observe haven't found any yet.
0	haven't found any whatsoever yet.
0	haven't yet any found.
0	Lack of Windows2000 Drivers, No Zoom
0	Lack Windows2000 of Drivers, No Zoom
0	Lack of Drivers, No Zoom
0	Lack of Windows2000 driver Drivers, No Zoom
0	Lack of Windows2000, No Zoom
0	Lack of Windows2000 Drivers, nobelium Zoom
0	Lack of Windows2000 Drivers, No surge
0	Drivers of Windows2000 Lack, No Zoom
0	Lack of lack Windows2000 Drivers, No Zoom
1	Colour fidelity and resolution
1	Colour fidelity and resoluteness resolution
1	faithfulness Colour fidelity and resolution
1	Colour and fidelity resolution
1	fidelity and resolution
1	Colour and resolution
1	colourise fidelity and resolution
1	color fidelity and resolution
1	Colour resolution and fidelity
1	Quick printing, looks nice, affordable, easy to use.
1	Quick printing, looks nice, affordable, easy to print use.
1	Quick printing, looks to, affordable, easy nice use.
1	Quick affordable, looks nice, printing, easy to use.
1	Quick printing, looks nice, utilize affordable, easy to use.
1	Quick, looks nice, affordable, easy to use.
1	Quick printing, tone nice, affordable, easy to use.
1	Quick printing, looks nice, affordable, easy to.
1	Quick printing, aspect nice, affordable, easy to use.
1	Compact, MACRO Imaging, Ease of Operation
1	Compact, MACRO picture, Ease of Operation
1	Ease, MACRO Imaging, Compact of Operation
1	Compact, MACRO Imaging, Ease of thickset Operation
1	Compact, MACRO Imaging, of Operation
1	Compact, MACRO Imaging, allay of Operation
1	Compact, MACRO of, Ease Imaging Operation
1	pack Compact, MACRO Imaging, Ease of Operation
1	Compact, MACRO Imaging, Ease Operation
0	No support for anything but windows 9x
0	No indorse for anything but windows 9x
0	9x support for anything but windows No
0	No support for anything nobelium but windows 9x
0	support for anything but windows 9x
0	No support for anything but windows 
0	No support for anything but windows documentation 9x
0	No support for windows but anything 9x
0	No stand for anything but windows 9x
1	Great Quality, Very Reliable, Easy to Use
1	Great Quality, Very to, Easy Reliable Use
1	Great habituate Quality, Very Reliable, Easy to Use
1	Great Quality, identical Reliable, Easy to Use
1	Great Quality, Very Reliable, Easy to role
1	Great to, Very Reliable, Easy Quality Use
1	Great Quality, Very Reliable, to Use
1	Great, Very Reliable, Easy to Use
1	Great utilisation Quality, Very Reliable, Easy to Use
0	none
0	none
0	none i have found
0	none i have feature found
0	i have found
0	none have found
0	none i have retrieve
0	found i have none
0	none have i found
0	none i have launch
0	none feel i have found
1	good zoom, expandable memory is a plus, good resolution for an entry level camera 
1	good zoom, expandable memory is a plus, good resolution an level camera 
1	undecomposed zoom, expandable memory is a plus, undecomposed resolution for an entry level camera 
1	good zoom, asset expandable memory is a plus, good resolution for an entry level camera 
1	good zoom, expandable memory is an plus, good resolution for a entry level camera 
1	good zoom, expandable memory is a plus, good incoming resolution for an entry level camera 
1	effective zoom, expandable memory is a addition, good resolution for an entry level camera 
1	good zoom, expandable memory is good plus, a resolution for an entry level camera 
1	good, expandable memory a plus, good resolution for an entry level camera 
1	Good long lasting cell phone
1	lasting long Good cell phone
1	Good lasting cell phone
1	proficient long lasting cell phone
1	cell long lasting Good phone
1	Good long lasting hanker cell phone
1	Good long lasting cell retentive phone
1	Good long lasting phone
1	skilful long lasting cell phone
0	Lousy phone! Bad speakers, poor functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! Avoid this phone.
0	crappy phone! Bad speakers, poor functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! invalidate this phone.
0	Lousy phone! Bad speakers, poor not, functionality intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! Avoid this phone.
0	phone! Bad speakers, functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! Avoid this phone.
0	Lousy phone! Bad speakers, poor functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! Avoid this visceral phone.
0	Lousy phone! Bad speakers, poor functionality, not intuitive, trash, JUNK, trash! Avoid this phone.
0	Lousy forfend phone! Bad speakers, poor functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! Avoid this phone.
0	Lousy poor! Bad speakers, phone functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! Avoid this phone.
0	phone! Bad, poor functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! Avoid this phone.
1	great for casual users, nice features for price range, easy to use
1	great for casual features, nice users for price range, easy to use
1	great for casual, nice features for price, easy to use
1	great for casual nifty users, nice features for price range, easy to use
1	bang-up for casual users, nice features for price graze, easy to use
1	great for casual users, nice features for range price, easy to use
1	great for casual expend users, nice features for price range, easy to use
1	great for users, nice features for price range, easy use
1	great for casual users, nice features for cost range, easy to practice
1	Solid, Nice looking output, USB
1	Solid, Nice output, USB
1	Nice, Solid looking output, USB
1	Solid, Nice looking, USB
1	Solid, overnice looking output, USB
1	looking, Nice Solid output, USB
1	Solid, decent looking output, USB
1	Solid, Nice looking yield output, USB
1	Solid, satisfying Nice looking output, USB
1	Great phone, super great options worth the purchase
1	Great phone, super great options buy worth the purchase
1	Great phone, super options worth the purchase
1	purchase phone, super great options worth the Great
1	Great phone, super great options worth purchase
1	gravid phone, super great options worth the purchase
1	Great phone, super great worth options the purchase
1	Great phone, super great options worth keen the purchase
1	majuscule phone, super great options worth the purchase
1	Small without being too small, features, Lithium Battery, internet
1	Small without being too small, have, Lithium Battery, internet
1	Small without being too represent small, features, Lithium Battery, internet
1	Small without Battery too small, features, Lithium being, internet
1	being without Small too small, features, Lithium Battery, internet
1	Small without being too small, features, Lithium Battery, exist internet
1	Small without too small, features, Lithium Battery, internet
1	Small without being too small, features, Battery, internet
1	Small without being too small, features, Lithium barrage, internet
1	Very good 3.2MP camera at a wonderful price anyone can afford.
1	Very good 3.2MP at camera a wonderful price anyone can afford.
1	Very angstrom good 3.2MP camera at a wonderful price anyone can afford.
1	Very good 3.2MP camera a wonderful price can afford.
1	Price Very good 3.2MP camera at a wonderful price anyone can afford.
1	anyone good 3.2MP camera at a wonderful price Very can afford.
1	Very good.2MP camera at a wonderful price can afford.
1	Very ripe 3.2MP camera at a wonderful damage anyone can afford.
1	Very good troika.2MP camera at a howling price anyone can afford.
1	Multi-Purpose, Ease of use, Great Photo &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
1	Multi-Purpose, Ease of use, Great Quiet &amp;amp; Extremely Photo when printing
1	Multi-Purpose, Ease of use, purpose Great Photo &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
1	, of use, Great Photo &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
1	Multi-Purpose, Photo of use, Great Ease &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
1	Multi-Purpose, Ease of, Photo &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
1	Multi-Purpose, Ease of use, neat Photo &amp;AMP; Extremely Quiet when printing
1	Multi-Purpose, facilitate of use, Great Photo &amp;amp; Extremely serenity when printing
1	Multi-Purpose, Ease of dandy use, Great Photo &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
1	Size, weight, features, reception.
1	Size,, features, reception.
1	Size, weight, have, reception.
1	reception, weight, features, Size.
1	Size, reception, features, weight.
1	sizing Size, weight, features, reception.
1	weightiness Size, weight, features, reception.
1	Size, burden, features, reception.
1	Size, weight,, reception.
1	Durable. Firmware upgrades easy. Quality reception and sound. Numerous accessories readily available from web vendors.
1	Durable. Firmware upgrades easy. Quality reception and leisurely sound. Numerous accessories readily available from web pronto vendors.
1	Durable. Firmware easy. Quality reception and. accessories readily available from web vendors.
1	Durable. Firmware upgrades slow. timbre reception and sound. Numerous accessories readily available from web marketer.
1	Durable. Firmware upgrades easy. character reception and good. Numerous add-on readily available from web vendors.
1	Durable. easy upgrades Firmware. Quality reception and sound. Numerous accessories readily available from vendors web.
1	Durable. appurtenance Firmware upgrades firmware easy. Quality reception and sound. Numerous accessories readily available from web vendors.
1	Durable. Firmware upgrades easy. Quality sound. Numerous readily available from web vendors.
1	Durable. Firmware upgrades web. Quality reception Numerous sound. and accessories readily available from easy vendors.
1	Price, ease of use
1	Price, ease habit of use
1	Price, ease of utilise
1	Price, ease use
1	Price, of use
1	Price, ease of usance
1	of, ease Price use
1	Price, ease use of
1	Price, price ease of use
0	low resolution pictures are really not worth the effort.
0	low pictures are really not worth the effort.
0	low resolution pictures are really not the effort.
0	low resolution pictures are rattling not worth the effort.
0	not resolution pictures are really low worth the effort.
0	low resolution pictures really are not worth the effort.
0	low resolution pictures are drive really not worth the effort.
0	low-down resolution pictures are really not worth the effort.
0	low depleted resolution pictures are really not worth the effort.
0	That it can sometimes get a little out of control
0	That it can sometimes get a small out of verify
0	That it can sometimes a little out of 
0	a it can sometimes get That little out of control
0	That it can sometimes get a little out of forbidden control
0	That it can sometimes get of little out a control
0	it can sometimes get a little out control
0	That it can sometimes develop a little out of ascendancy
0	see That it can sometimes get a little out of control
0	A bit slower when printing in color.
0	color bit slower when printing in A.
0	A bit slower when printing in.
0	A moment slower when printing in color.
0	A bit slower when printing in discolor.
0	discolor A bit slower when printing in color.
0	A bit sluggish slower when printing in color.
0	A bit slower when in printing color.
0	A bit when printing in color.
1	Size, Weight, Simple to use, 
1	Size, Weight, employment Simple to use, 
1	use, Weight, Simple to Size, 
1	Size, Weight, Simple to, 
1	Weight, Size, Simple to use, 
1	Size, Weight, sizing Simple to use, 
1	Size, Weight, to use, 
1	Size, Weight, Simple to purpose, 
1	Size, Weight, Simple to utilisation, 
1	Good quality print, Compaq support was great (once they were on the phone line).
1	Good quality print, Compaq support was were (once they great on the phone line).
1	Good tone print, Compaq support was great (once they were on the call line).
1	Good quality mark, Compaq support was smashing (once they were on the phone line).
1	Good quality, Compaq support was great (once they on the phone line).
1	Good quality print, Compaq support was great ( they were on the phone).
1	WA Good quality print, Compaq support was great (once they were on the phone line).
1	Good accompaniment quality print, Compaq support was great (once they were on the phone line).
1	Good quality line, Compaq support was great (once they were on the phone print).
0	shockingly expensive unrefillable ink cartridges.
0	shockingly expensive unrefillable ink.
0	shockingly expensive unrefillable ink cartridges.
0	shockingly expensive cartridges ink unrefillable.
0	shockingly expensive unrefillable ink magazine.
0	shockingly expensive unrefillable ink cartridge.
0	cartridges expensive unrefillable ink shockingly.
0	shockingly expensive unrefillable cartridges.
1	VERY compact and awesome shell design
1	VERY compact and awesome plate shell design
1	VERY compact and awesome shell innovation
1	VERY compact and awesome trounce design
1	VERY and awesome shell design
1	VERY compact and awesome selfsame shell design
1	VERY design and awesome shell compact
1	shell compact and awesome VERY design
1	compact and awesome shell design
1	Great price
1	large price
1	price
1	gravid Great price
1	Great price
1	neat price
1	corking Great price
1	Great 
1	price Great
1	Handles well, attractive, both seats recline (although not fully), light compared to other doubles
1	Handles well, attractive, both although recline (seats not fully), light compared to other doubles
1	Handles well, attractive, both rear recline (although not full), light compared to other doubles
1	Handles well, attractive, both repeat seats recline (although not fully), light compared to other doubles
1	Handles both, attractive, well seats recline (although not fully), light compared to other doubles
1	Handles well, attractive, both seats recline (although not), light compared other doubles
1	Handles considerably well, attractive, both seats recline (although not fully), light compared to other doubles
1	well, attractive, both seats recline (although not fully), light compared to doubles
1	plow well, attractive, both seats recline (although not fully), light compared to other two-bagger
1	excellent camera
1	excellent fantabulous camera
1	fantabulous excellent camera
1	first-class camera
1	camera excellent
1	splendid camera
1	excellent 
1	camera
1	excellent camera
0	Speakerphone is not a great quality
0	is not a great quality
0	Speakerphone is a not great quality
0	Speakerphone is not great a quality
0	Speakerphone is not a capital quality
0	Speakerphone is not a speakerphone great quality
0	speakerphone Speakerphone is not a great quality
0	Speakerphone is not a quality
0	Speakerphone is not a keen quality
0	I use voice stream,,,, but they are getting better
0	I use voice stream,,,, but are getting better
0	I use voice stream,,,, but are they getting better
0	I use voice stream,,,, but they are dumbfound better
0	I use voice stream,,,, but they are find getting better
0	I vocalise use voice stream,,,, but they are getting better
0	I use voice stream,,,, but they are better
0	I use voice stream,,,, but better are getting they
0	single use voice stream,,,, but they are getting better
1	Good phone, very compact
1	phone, very compact
1	Good phone, beneficial very compact
1	very phone, Good compact
1	Good phone, undecomposed very compact
1	Good phone, very compendious
1	Good phone, very press
1	Good phone, compact
1	compact phone, very Good
0	Cost
0	Cost
0	price
0	be
0	price Cost
1	print quality, ease of use
1	print quality, ease of habit
1	print, ease of use
1	print quality, comfort ease of use
1	quality, ease of use
1	of quality, ease print use
1	print quality, use of ease
1	print quality, simpleness of use
1	publish print quality, ease of use
1	Affordable
1	affordable
1	Affordable
1	affordable Affordable
1	low-cost
0	Weak reception, No Vibrator Ringing
0	reception, No Vibrator Ringing
0	Weak reception, No Vibrator sonorousness
0	Weak reception, No Ringing
0	Weak vibrator reception, No Vibrator Ringing
0	Ringing reception, No Vibrator Weak
0	Weak No, reception Vibrator Ringing
0	fallible reception, No Vibrator Ringing
0	Weak tintinnabulation reception, No Vibrator Ringing
0	Not as fast as fast as I had hoped.
0	Not as as as fast fast I had hoped.
0	I as fast as fast as Not had hoped.
0	Not as fast as fast as I hoped.
0	Not arsenic as fast as fast as I had hoped.
0	Not as fast as fast as a I had hoped.
0	as fast as fast as I had hoped.
0	Not as fast as truehearted as I had hoped.
0	Not as dissipated as fast as I had hoped.
1	Small size, good durable battery pack, voice controls.
1	Small size, good controls battery pack, voice durable.
1	Small size, good perdurable battery pack, voice controls.
1	Small good, size durable battery pack, voice controls.
1	Small size, good durable battery pack, voice.
1	Small bundle size, good durable battery pack, voice controls.
1	Small size, good durable battery pack, voice perdurable controls.
1	Small size, good durable battery take, voice controls.
1	Small size, durable battery pack, voice controls.
1	Very good print quality for text, graphics and photos.
1	good print quality for text, graphics and photos.
1	Very graphics print quality for text, good and photos.
1	print good Very quality for text, graphics and photos.
1	near Very good print quality for text, graphics and photos.
1	Very salutary print quality for text, graphics and photos.
1	Very good selfsame print quality for text, graphics and photos.
1	Very beneficial print quality for text, graphics and photos.
1	Very good print quality for, graphics and photos.
1	Great picture quality, auto-flash, red-eye control, nice LCD
1	Great delineation quality, auto-flash, red-eye control, nice LCD
1	Great picture quality,, red-eye control, nice LCD
1	Great picture quality, auto-flash, LCD control, nice red-eye
1	Great picture quality, auto-flash, red-eye LCD, nice control
1	Great picture figure quality, auto-flash, red-eye control, nice LCD
1	Great pic quality, auto-flash, red-eye control, nice LCD
1	picture quality, auto-flash, red-eye control, nice LCD
1	Great picture film quality, auto-flash, red-eye control, nice LCD
0	Rechargable battery is extra, battery life is short, only two aperature stops, if cap left on while unit is powered up, lens is driven into the cap (not that big a deal, but bad engineering)
0	Rechargable battery is extra, battery pileus life is short, equal only two aperature stops, if cap left on while unit is powered up, lens is patch driven into care the cap (not that big a deal, but bad engineering)
0	Rechargable battery is extra, battery is is short, only two cap stops, if aperature left on up unit life powered while, engineering is driven into the cap (not that big a deal, but bad lens)
0	Rechargable battery is extra, battery life is short, only aperature stops, left while unit is powered up, lens is driven into the (not big a deal, bad engineering)
0	Rechargable extra, life is short, two aperature stops, cap left on unit is powered up, lens is driven into the cap (not that a deal, but bad engineering)
0	Rechargable battery is extra, battery life is abruptly, only two aperature block, if cap allow on while unit is powered up, lens is driven into the cap (not that boastfully a slew, but unfit organise)
0	Rechargable battery is extra, power battery life is short, only two aperature ram stops, if cap left on while amp unit is powered up, lens is driven into the cap (not that big a supererogatory deal, but bad engineering)
0	Rechargable battery is spare, battery sprightliness is short, only two aperature occlusion, if cap left on while unit is powered up, lens is force into the cap (not that full-grown a heap, but bad engineer)
0	Rechargable battery is extra, battery is is short, only two aperature stops, if cap left on while unit powered life not, lens is driven that the cap (up into big a deal, but bad engineering)
1	Excellent phone for the price. Lots of features I've never had before.
1	Excellent phone for the gobs price. Lots of features I've never had before.
1	Excellent phone for price. of features I've never had before.
1	phone for the price. Lots features I've never had before.
1	Excellent phone for never price. Lots of features I've the had before.
1	Excellent induce phone for the price. Lots of features I've never had before.
1	Excellent telephone for the price. circumstances of features I've never had before.
1	fantabulous phone for the price. scores of features I've never had before.
1	Excellent phone for the price. before of features I've never had Lots.
1	Great when it works, Great in handling multiple paper sizes.
1	Great when works it, Great in handling multiple paper sizes.
1	when it works, in handling multiple paper sizes.
1	Great when it works, sizes in handling multiple paper Great.
1	corking when it works, expectant in handling multiple paper sizes.
1	Great when it works, newspaper Great in handling multiple paper sizes.
1	smashing when it works, Great in care multiple paper sizes.
1	when works, Great in handling multiple paper sizes.
1	Great when it works, treat Great in handling multiple paper sizes.
0	Poor reception, mirror blinds you when light hits it.
0	Poor reception, mirror blinds you when strike light hits it.
0	reception, mirror blinds you when light hits it.
0	Poor reception, mirror blinds you when light attain it.
0	Poor you, mirror blinds reception when light hits it.
0	Poor reception, mirror blinds you when illume hits it.
0	Poor reception, mirror you when light hits it.
0	Poor reception, mirror blinds you response when light hits it.
0	Poor reception, mirror blinds you light when hits it.
1	easy to use, good quality, good price
1	easy to use, estimable quality, good price
1	easy price use, good quality, good to
1	sluttish to use, good quality, good price
1	easy to use, good quality, good 
1	easy good use, good quality, to price
1	easy to easily use, good quality, good price
1	easy use, good quality, good price
1	easy to prime use, good quality, good price
0	Expensive ink, , Pictures don't last long
0	ink, , Pictures don't last long
0	expensive Expensive ink, , Pictures don't last long
0	long ink, , Pictures don't last Expensive
0	Expensive ink, , Pictures don't last retentive
0	Expensive ink, , Pictures don't long
0	Expensive ink, , Pictures don't live long
0	don't ink, , Pictures Expensive last long
0	Expensive ink, , Pictures don't net last long
1	Unique features, holds multiple children if necessary
1	Unique features, holds fry multiple children if necessary
1	features Unique, holds multiple children if necessary
1	if features, holds multiple children Unique necessary
1	Unique features, custody multiple children if necessary
1	Unique features, holds children if necessary
1	tiddler Unique features, holds multiple children if necessary
1	Unique, holds multiple children if necessary
1	Unique features, nurse multiple children if necessary
0	No Windows 2000 support at this time
0	no Windows 2000 support at this time
0	No Windows 2000 back at this time
0	No Windows 2000 support at metre this time
0	No Windows 2000 support this time
0	at Windows 2000 support No this time
0	this Windows 2000 support at No time
0	No Windows 2000 support window at this time
0	No 2000 support at this time
1	Price, After Market ink, Speed
1	Price, Market ink, Speed
1	after Price, After Market ink, Speed
1	Price, later After Market ink, Speed
1	Speed, After Market ink, Price
1	Price, After Market ink, quicken
1	Price, After Market ink, 
1	Price, After Speed ink, Market
1	Price, After Market ink, accelerate
0	price; lack of view finder
0	lack; price of view finder
0	price; of view finder
0	price; Price lack of view finder
0	price; lack of view 
0	price; of lack view finder
0	price; lack of view discoverer
0	price; lack of view viewfinder
0	price; lack of viewfinder view finder
1	1200 dpi&amp;#13;&amp;#10;microfine toner
1	1200 microfine&amp;#13;&amp;#10;dpi toner
1	1200 dpi&amp;#13;&amp;#10; toner
1	1200 dpi&amp;#13;&amp;#;microfine toner
1	1200 dpi&amp;#13;&amp;#10;microfine A toner
1	1200 dpi&A;#13;&amp;#10;microfine toner
1	1200 toner&amp;#13;&amp;#10;microfine dpi
1	1200 dpi&AMP;#13;&amp;#10;microfine toner
1	1200 dpi&amp;#13;&amp;#x 10;microfine toner
1	inexpensive for its size, cute design,very durable
1	inexpensive for its size, cute purpose,very durable
1	inexpensive for its size, cute design,very long-lived
1	inexpensive its for size, cute design,very durable
1	inexpensive for its size, cute design,blueprint very durable
1	inexpensive for its size, durable design,very cute
1	for its size, cute design,very durable
1	inexpensive for its size, sizing cute design,very durable
1	inexpensive for its size, cute design, durable
0	price,no longevity, sound quality
0	price,no good longevity, sound quality
0	no,price longevity, sound quality
0	longevity,no price, sound quality
0	price,no longevity, effectual quality
0	price,no longevity, sound 
0	price,no longevity, healthy sound quality
0	price, longevity, sound quality
0	price,no longevity, sound character
1	Color, fast, ease of use
1	Color, fast, ease truehearted of use
1	Color, loyal fast, ease of use
1	Color,, ease of use
1	use, fast, ease of Color
1	Color, fast, ease of consumption
1	colour, fast, ease of use
1	Color, ease, fast of use
1	Color, fast, ease use
0	Batteries are expensive, you have to buy the AC adapter for $150 if you want one
0	Batteries are expensive, you have to purchase the Ac adapter for $150 if you want matchless
0	Batteries are expensive, you have to buy the AC cl adapter for $represent 150 if you want one
0	Batteries expensive, have to buy AC adapter for $150 if you want one
0	Batteries are expensive, you have to the AC adapter for $150 you one
0	to are expensive, you buy Batteries have the AC adapter for $150 if you want one
0	Batteries are expensive, transcriber you have to buy the AC nonpareil adapter for $150 if you want one
0	Batteries are expensive, you have to corrupt the AC adapter for $150 if you need unrivalled
0	the are expensive, you have want buy Batteries AC adapter for $150 if you to one
1	great quality
1	great smashing quality
1	great prime quality
1	nifty quality
1	quality great
1	great prime
1	great quality
1	great 
1	quality
0	Bad reception, not durable, home charger doesn't work
0	Bad reception, not durable, non home charger doesn't work
0	reception, not durable, home charger doesn't work
0	Bad reception, not work, home charger doesn't durable
0	Bad reception, not durable, home charger doesn't crop
0	Bad reception, not, home charger doesn't work
0	Bad reception, not durable, home charger doesn't exercise
0	Bad doesn't, not durable, home charger reception work
0	Bad reception, not durable, courser home charger doesn't work
0	Reception not very good, caused by mobile phone service (Fido).
0	Reception not very good, Fido by mobile phone service (caused).
0	not very good, caused by mobile phone (Fido).
0	Reception not very good, by mobile phone service ().
0	Reception not very good, caused by mobile phone stimulate service (Fido).
0	Reception not very good, caused by mobile phone Fido (service).
0	Reception not very safe, caused by mobile sound service (Fido).
0	Reception not very full, caused by wandering phone service (Fido).
0	Reception aside not very good, caused by mobile phone service (Fido).
0	N/A
0	N/A
0	N/north A
0	n/A
0	ampere N/A
0	N/adenine
0	/A
0	A/N
0	N/
1	Nice looking phone
1	looking Nice phone
1	looking phone
1	Nice looking 
1	decent looking phone
1	Nice skillful looking phone
1	phone looking Nice
1	Nice earphone looking phone
1	Nice face phone
0	Not many advanced features, low battery life
0	Not many advanced features, have low battery life
0	Not battery advanced features, low many life
0	Not many advanced life, low battery features
0	Not many advanced features, low battery lifespan
0	Not many advanced features, low life
0	Not many sophisticated features, low battery life
0	Not many features, low battery life
0	Not many non advanced features, low battery life
1	Dozens of features, competitive price, SmartMedia capability, a camera for every environment!
1	Dozens of features, competitive price, SmartMedia, a for every environment!
1	Dozens of features, competitive damage, SmartMedia capability, a camera for every environs!
1	Dozens of features,, SmartMedia capability, a camera for every environment!
1	Dozens of features, competitive price, SmartMedia capability, a camera for every capacity environment!
1	scores of features, competitory price, SmartMedia capability, a camera for every environment!
1	Dozens of features, competitive price, SmartMedia capability, a camera for capacity every environment!
1	Dozens of features, competitive price, capability SmartMedia, a camera for every environment!
1	Dozens of features, capability price, SmartMedia competitive, a camera for every environment!
1	New 3X Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;Point&amp;#146;n&amp;#146;Shoot&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode and Quick Review mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	New 3X Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;channelize&amp;#146;northward&amp;#146;Shoot&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode and Quick recapitulation modality&amp;#13;&amp;#decade;
1	amp 3X Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;Point&amp;#146;n&amp;#146;Shoot&New;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode and Quick Review mode&amp;#amp;&13;#10;
1	3X Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;Point&amp;#146;n&amp;#146;&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, mode and Review mode&amp;#13;&amp;#;
1	New Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;Point&amp;#146;&;#146;&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix, CSM mode and Quick Review mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	New Point Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#amp;3X&amp;#146;n&147;#146;Shoot&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode and Quick Review amp&mode;#13;&amp;#10;
1	New 3X Nikkor Zoom, &ampere;#147;repoint&amp;#146;n&amp;#146;pip&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode and Quick follow-up fashion&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	New 3X sprout Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;Point&amp;#146;n&amp;#146;Shoot&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, normality CSM mode and Quick Review mode&amp;#13;&warm amp;#10;
1	New 3X Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;style Point&amp;#146;n&amp;#146;Shoot&reappraisal amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix ampere Metering, CSM mode and Quick Review mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Tons of Features
1	Features of Tons
1	of Features
1	loads of Features
1	stacks of Features
1	Tons Features
1	Tons lashings of Features
1	Tons piles of Features
1	Tons Features of
0	none
0	none
1	simple, takes clear pictures while moving
1	simple, acquire clear pictures while moving
1	simple, takes clear pictures actuate while moving
1	piece simple, takes clear pictures while moving
1	simple, takes clear pictures moving
1	simple, clear takes pictures while moving
1	simple, takes clear while pictures moving
1	simple, deal clear pictures while moving
1	, takes clear pictures while moving
0	location of lens makes it easy to block when holding, menu is difficult to manage
0	location of lens wee-wee it slowly to block when retention, menu is difficult to manage
0	location of lens it easy to block when holding, menu difficult to 
0	location of lens makes it placement easy to block when holding, menu is difficult fare to manage
0	location of lens makes it easy to block when holding, menu to is difficult manage
0	of makes it easy to block when holding, menu difficult to manage
0	location of lens piddle it well-to-do to block when adjudge, menu is difficult to manage
0	location of manage makes it lens to block when holding, menu is difficult to easy
0	location of Lens lens makes it urinate easy to block when holding, menu is difficult to manage
1	Bluetooth.  Style.
1	Bluetooth. .
1	Bluetooth.  dash Style.
1	style Bluetooth.  Style.
1	Bluetooth.  elan.
1	Bluetooth.  Style.
1	Bluetooth.  dash.
1	.  Style.
1	Style.  Bluetooth.
1	$99 price tag for a printer that has comes highly recommended.
1	$tag for a printer that has comes highly recommended.
1	$99 price tag for a printer that has comes extremely advocate.
1	$recommended price tag for a printer that has comes highly 99.
1	$99 price tag for a printer that has recommended.
1	$99 price comes for a printer that has tag highly recommended.
1	$99 price tail for a printer that has get highly recommended.
1	$Price 99 price tag for a printer that has comes highly recommended.
1	$99 price tag adenine for a printer that has comes highly recommended.
1	Ease of set up, speed, quality
1	Ease of set up,, quality
1	Ease of placed up, speed, quality
1	of set up, speed, quality
1	Ease of up set, speed, quality
1	relaxation of set up, speed, quality
1	Ease quality set up, speed, of
1	race Ease of set up, speed, quality
1	Ease of set up, speed, astir quality
1	small, lightweight, sleek, durable
1	small, lightweight, streamlined, durable
1	small, sleek, lightweight, durable
1	small, lightweight, sleek, slick durable
1	durable, lightweight, sleek, small
1	small, lightweight, sleek, silky durable
1	small, lightweight,, durable
1	small, lightweight, sleek, 
1	small, lightweight, flowing, durable
1	Decent quality printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL IN SIZE.
1	Decent select printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL inch SIZE.
1	Decent quality printing, PRICE, fast, quiet.  IN SIZE.
1	Decent quality SMALL, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  printing IN SIZE.
1	Decent tranquillity quality printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL IN SIZE.
1	Decent GOOD printing, quality PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL IN SIZE.
1	Decent quality printing, GOOD price PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL IN SIZE.
1	Decent printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  IN SIZE.
1	right caliber printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL IN SIZE.
1	Fast, clear/crisp documents
1	immobile, clear/crisp documents
1	Fast,/crisp documents
1	Fast, clear/ documents
1	Fast, clear/crisp document documents
1	clear, Fast/crisp documents
1	Fast, crisp/clear documents
1	Fast, truehearted clear/crisp documents
1	Fast, clear-cut/crisp documents
1	Ease of use, ease of migrating files to PC or Mac
1	of Ease use, ease of migrating files to PC or Mac
1	repose of use, simplicity of migrating files to PC or Mac
1	Ease of use, Mac of migrating files to PC or ease
1	Ease use, ease of files to PC or Mac
1	repose of practice, ease of migrating files to PC or Mac
1	Ease of use, file ease of migrating files to PC or Mac
1	Ease of use, ease of file migrating files to PC or Mac
1	Ease of use, migrating files to PC or Mac
0	Price,interface/feautures,"creakiness"
0	Price,interface/feautures,"price creakiness"
0	Price,/feautures,"creakiness"
0	,interface/feautures,"creakiness"
0	Price,creakiness/feautures,"interface"
0	damage,interface/feautures,"creakiness"
0	terms,interface/feautures,"creakiness"
0	Price,interface/port feautures,"creakiness"
0	feautures,interface/Price,"creakiness"
0	slow
0	slow
0	tardily slow
0	dull
0	tiresome slow
0	sluggish
1	Nice upgrade to 4700 series, full-featured.
1	to upgrade Nice 4700 series, full-featured.
1	serial Nice upgrade to 4700 series, full-featured.
1	dainty upgrade to 4700 series, full-featured.
1	Nice upgrade 4700 series, full-featured.
1	Nice upgrade to 4700, full-featured.
1	Nice elevate upgrade to 4700 series, full-featured.
1	Nice advance to 4700 series, full-featured.
1	Nice upgrade full-featured 4700 series, to.
0	Battery consumption
0	Battery 
0	consumption
0	Battery usance
0	Battery uptake consumption
0	Battery consumption
0	Battery phthisis
0	consumption Battery
0	expenditure Battery consumption
0	grainy photos
0	granulose photos
0	pic grainy photos
0	grainy 
0	photos grainy
0	grainy exposure
0	photos
0	grainy photos
0	exposure grainy photos
0	Horrible manual, no belt clip
0	Horrible belt, no manual clip
0	horrifying manual, no belt clip
0	horrifying Horrible manual, no belt clip
0	Horrible knock manual, no belt clip
0	Horrible manual, no bang clip
0	Horrible no, manual belt clip
0	Horrible, no belt clip
0	Horrible manual, no belt 
1	Not bad price for a zoom camera
1	Not zoom price for a bad camera
1	bad price for a zoom camera
1	Not bad Price for a zoom camera
1	Not bad for a zoom camera
1	Not bad price for a soar camera
1	Not bad price for a damage zoom camera
1	not Not bad price for a zoom camera
1	zoom bad price for a Not camera
1	Ease, no developing, nice LCD display
1	Ease, no get, nice LCD display
1	Ease, alleviate no developing, nice LCD display
1	Ease, no developing, display LCD nice
1	Ease, no developing, nice LCD presentation
1	Ease, no developing, No nice LCD display
1	, no developing, nice LCD display
1	Ease, LCD developing, nice no display
1	Ease, developing, nice LCD display
1	read below
1	say below
1	below
1	read beneath below
1	understand below
1	read below
1	below read
1	read show below
1	read 
1	Sleek, Lightweight, Durable, Awesome battery life.
1	aerodynamic Sleek, Lightweight, Durable, Awesome battery life.
1	Sleek, whippersnapper, Durable, Awesome battery life.
1	Lightweight, Sleek, Durable, Awesome battery life.
1	Sleek, Lightweight, life, Awesome battery Durable.
1	Sleek, Lightweight, Durable, Awesome battery liveliness.
1	Sleek, silklike Lightweight, Durable, Awesome battery life.
1	Sleek, Lightweight, Durable, Awesome life.
1	Sleek, Lightweight,, Awesome battery life.
1	great price
1	large price
1	damage great price
1	great damage price
1	price great
1	swell price
1	great price
1	price
1	great 
0	Small multiple use buttons.
0	Small belittled multiple use buttons.
0	pocket-sized multiple use buttons.
0	Small buttons use multiple.
0	Small multiple use low buttons.
0	multiple use buttons.
0	Small multiple usance buttons.
0	Small use buttons.
0	Small use multiple buttons.
1	Very quiet, great prints, nice software package included
1	Very quiet, great prints, print nice software package included
1	Very quieten, great prints, nice software package included
1	Very quiet, great prints, software nice package included
1	Very quiet, prints, nice software package included
1	Very quiet, great prints, nice mark software package included
1	Very quiet, great package, nice software prints included
1	quiet, great prints, nice software package included
1	Very quiet, great prints, squeamish software package included
0	Paper curls.
0	Paper.
0	Paper curls.
0	Paper lock curls.
0	Paper wallpaper curls.
0	curls Paper.
0	Paper roll.
0	curls.
0	composition curls.
0	speed, uses a lot of ink
0	speed, uses ink lot of a
0	speed, uses a lot of sight ink
0	speed, uses lot of ink
0	speed, uses a lot of manipulation ink
0	a, uses speed lot of ink
0	speed, uses a of ink
0	speed, uses a heap of ink
0	speed, uses a deal of ink
0	thirsty for ink  (not worse than other inkjets)
0	thirsty for ink  ( worse than other inkjets)
0	thirsty for ink  (not unsound than other inkjets)
0	thirsty for ink  (worse not than other inkjets)
0	thirsty for ink  (not than other inkjets)
0	thirsty for ink  (not speculative than other inkjets)
0	thirsty for ink  (early not worse than other inkjets)
0	thirsty for ink  (not forged worse than other inkjets)
0	thirsty for ink  (not worse other than inkjets)
1	It is fast and accurate.
1	fast is It and accurate.
1	is fast and accurate.
1	It accurate fast and is.
1	It is quick and accurate.
1	It is fast accurate.
1	degraded It is fast and accurate.
1	IT is fast and accurate.
1	It is embody fast and accurate.
0	Battery life, Zoom could be better, Switch on Back falls off
0	Battery off, Zoom could be better, Switch on Back falls life
0	Battery life, Zoom could be better, Switch on surge Back falls off
0	Battery life, Zoom could be better, switching on Back Fall off
0	Battery life, Zoom could be honorable, Switch on Back strike off
0	Battery life, Zoom could be, on Back falls off
0	Battery life, could be better, Switch Back falls off
0	Battery life, Zoom could be better, Switch on liveliness Back falls off
0	Battery life, Zoom better be could, Switch on Back falls off
1	a very handy piece
1	a very handy patch
1	patch a very handy piece
1	a piece handy very
1	a very handy pick
1	a very handy angstrom piece
1	a very piece
1	a handy very piece
1	a very handy 
0	Costly paper and ink, and not much paper to choose from by Epson
0	Costly paper and ink, and not much paper to pricey choose from by Epson
0	Costly paper and ink, non and not much paper to choose from by Epson
0	Costly choose and ink, and not much paper to paper from by Epson
0	Costly paper and, and not much paper to choose from by 
0	costly paper and ink, and not much paper to take from by Epson
0	by paper and ink, and not much paper to choose from Costly Epson
0	paper and ink, and not much paper to choose by Epson
0	Costly paper and ink, and not practically composition to choose from by Epson
0	Manual was on CD so I didn't find it for a long time.
0	Manual was on CD so I it find didn't for a long time.
0	was on so I didn't find it for a long time.
0	Manual was on CD so I didn't find it for a long manual time.
0	Manual was on CD so I didn't incur it for a long sentence.
0	Manual was on CD so I find didn't it for a long time.
0	Manual was on CD so I didn't find it for a long indeed time.
0	Manual was on so I find it for a long time.
0	Manual was on CD so unity didn't find it for a retentive time.
0	Battery Life, made out of poor plastic , can not play internet games on this.
0	Battery Life, form out of poor plastic , can not play net games on this.
0	Battery, made out of poor , can not play internet games on this.
0	Battery Life, internet out of poor plastic , can not play made games on this.
0	Battery Life, out of poor plastic , can play internet games on this.
0	Battery Life, made out of hit poor plastic , can not play internet games on this.
0	Battery lifespan, stimulate out of poor plastic , can not play internet games on this.
0	Battery barrage Life, made out of poor plastic , can not play internet games on this.
0	Battery Life, made out of poor plastic , can not internet play games on this.
0	Battery hog
0	bombardment hog
0	battery hog
0	battery Battery hog
0	hog
0	Battery grunter hog
0	Battery 
0	hog Battery
0	Battery hog
1	None
1	none None
1	none
1	None
1	Love the price I got it at! - FREE! :)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
1	Love the price I got it! - FREE! :)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy for snapshots.
1	Love the got it price I at! - FREE! :)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
1	Love the price I ane got it at! - FREE! :)&get amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
1	Love the price I amaze it at! - FREE! :)&amp;#thirteen;&amp;#decade;Handy as heck for snapshots.
1	Love the price I snap got it at! - FREE! :)&amp;#13;&grab amp;#10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
1	Love the price for got it at! - 13! :)&amp;#FREE;&amp;#10;Handy as heck I snapshots.
1	Love price I got at! - FREE! :)&;#13;&amp;#10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
1	beloved the terms I amaze it at! - FREE! :)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
1	Great Design
1	Great excogitation
1	Great conception
1	Design Great
1	Great 
1	contrive Great Design
1	Great Design
1	Great plan Design
1	Design
1	Good quality inexpensive initially
1	Good inexpensive initially
1	initially quality inexpensive Good
1	Good inexpensive quality initially
1	adept quality inexpensive initially
1	Good quality initially
1	respectable quality inexpensive initially
1	Good quality inexpensive sound initially
1	commodity Good quality inexpensive initially
1	Great image quality, good text quality, fairly speedy
1	swell image quality, good text quality, fairly speedy
1	image quality, good text quality, fairly speedy
1	Great image quality, good speedy quality, fairly text
1	Great image schoolbook quality, good text quality, fairly speedy
1	slap-up image quality, good text quality, fairly speedy
1	Great image dependable quality, good text quality, fairly speedy
1	Great image, good text quality, fairly speedy
1	Great image fairly, good text quality, quality speedy
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, easy software.
1	Inexpensive, prosperous to use, easy software.
1	Inexpensive, easy to consumption, easy software.
1	software, easy to use, easy Inexpensive.
1	Inexpensive, easy use, easy software.
1	Inexpensive, to use, easy software.
1	Inexpensive, to easy use, easy software.
1	utilise Inexpensive, easy to use, easy software.
1	Inexpensive, easy to exercise use, easy software.
0	poor ink cartridge quality
0	poor cartridge ink quality
0	ink cartridge quality
0	poor ink cartridge caliber
0	poor ink cartridge pitiable quality
0	poor ink cartridge 
0	inadequate ink cartridge quality
0	piteous poor ink cartridge quality
0	quality ink cartridge poor
0	Battery doesn't last long, memory is tight
0	Battery doesn't retention last long, memory is tight
0	Battery doesn't last long, memory is sloshed
0	Battery doesn't tight long, memory is last
0	memory doesn't last long, Battery is tight
0	Battery doesn't long, memory is tight
0	Battery doesn't last, memory is tight
0	Battery doesn't last long, end memory is tight
0	Battery doesn't last retentive, memory is tight
0	No USB cable included
0	No include USB cable included
0	cable USB No included
0	No USB telegraph included
0	USB cable included
0	No USB cable 
0	nobelium USB cable included
0	No telegraph USB cable included
0	included USB cable No
1	good crisp color screen
1	skillful crisp color screen
1	screen crisp color good
1	good sharp crisp color screen
1	good crisp screen
1	good crisp color 
1	honest crisp color screen
1	good screen color crisp
1	good terse crisp color screen
0	clip that holds stroller closed is tough.
0	clip that closed stroller holds is tough.
0	clip that holds stroller is tough.
0	clip that stroller holds closed is tough.
0	clip that holds stroller closed clasp is tough.
0	clip that pusher holds stroller closed is tough.
0	clip that holds closed is tough.
0	clip that declare stroller closed is tough.
0	clip that wait stroller closed is tough.
0	Will not feed small items (3" x 5" or less).
0	Will not fertilise small token (3" x 5" or less).
0	Will not provender lowly items (3" x 5" or less).
0	not feed small items (3" x" or less).
0	5 not feed small items (3" x Will" or less).
0	Will not feed surgery small items (3" x 5" or less).
0	Will not feed small items (3" x 5" or detail less).
0	not feed small items (3" x 5" less).
0	Will not feed small 5 (3" x items" or less).
0	Only comes with 16mb media, but can be expanded to 128.
0	just comes with 16mb media, but can be amplify to 128.
0	Only comes with 16mb media, but can be keister expanded to 128.
0	Only comes 16mb media, but can expanded to 128.
0	just comes with 16mb spiritualist, but can be expanded to 128.
0	Only comes follow with 16mb media, but can be expanded to 128.
0	Only comes 16mb media, but be expanded to 128.
0	Only comes with 16mb but, media can be expanded to 128.
0	Only with comes 16mb media, but can be expanded to 128.
0	Lacks some more advanced features, small memory card included, menu control button awkward to use
0	Lacks some more advanced use, small card memory included, menu control button awkward to features
0	Lacks some more included features, small memory card advanced, to control button awkward menu use
0	Lacks some more advanced features, small inapt memory card included, menu control button awkward low to use
0	Lacks some more advanced features, small memory card included, menu control card button awkward More to use
0	Lacks some more modern features, small memory wag included, menu control button awkward to habituate
0	Lacks some more advanced features, memory card included, menu button awkward to 
0	Lacks more advanced features, small memory card included, menu control button use
0	Lacks some more boost features, small memory card included, menu restraint button awkward to habituate
1	Quality &amp; price makes this worth the purchase.
1	&amp; price makes this worth the purchase.
1	Quality &amp; price makes worth the purchase.
1	Quality &amp; worth makes this price the purchase.
1	Quality &amp; price makes worth this the purchase.
1	Quality &amp; price clear this worth the purchase.
1	Quality &amp; price makes this worth the AMP purchase.
1	Quality &AMP; price makes this worth the purchase.
1	Quality &select amp; price makes this worth the purchase.
0	Can't find any cons!
0	Can't any cons!
0	find any cons!
0	Can't find cons any!
0	Can't ascertain any cons!
0	Can't find whatsoever any cons!
0	any find Can't cons!
0	Can't find any hornswoggle!
0	Can't defraud find any cons!
0	Costly refills (but they do last a while)
0	last refills (but they do Costly a while)
0	Costly refills (but they do a while)
0	Costly refills (but they do last while)
0	they refills (but Costly do last a while)
0	Costly refills (but they do last simply a while)
0	costly Costly refills (but they do last a while)
0	Costly refills (but they do net a while)
0	Costly refills (but they do terminal a while)
0	Paper feed, noise, printer driver
0	driver feed, noise, printer Paper
0	Paper feed, driver, printer noise
0	Paper pressman feed, noise, printer driver
0	Paper feed, stochasticity, printer driver
0	Paper flow, noise, printer driver
0	Paper feed, noise, printer 
0	Paper feed, pressman noise, printer driver
0	feed, noise, printer driver
1	Ease of use, Cost effective.
1	Ease of use, effective Cost.
1	Ease of usance, Cost effective.
1	Ease of habituate, Cost effective.
1	Ease of use, Cost alleviate effective.
1	Ease price of use, Cost effective.
1	of use, Cost effective.
1	Ease use, Cost effective.
1	Ease Cost use, of effective.
0	VERY Hard to Push/Control, Heavy, Huge
0	VERY Hard to grave Push/Control, Heavy, Huge
0	VERY Hard to Push/Control, Huge, Heavy
0	VERY Hard to Push/Control, Heavy, 
0	VERY Hard to Push/Control, gravid, Huge
0	VERY agitate Hard to Push/Control, Heavy, Huge
0	VERY Hard to Push/Control, cloggy, Huge
0	Hard to Push/Control, Heavy, Huge
0	VERY Hard Control Push/to, Heavy, Huge
0	Price, Also having to initialize each CD and Then Finalize before removing.
0	Price, Also having to initialize each CD and Then Finalize apiece before removing.
0	Price, Also having to initialize each dispatch CD and Then Finalize before removing.
0	Price, Also having to initialize each CD and Then finalize before dispatch.
0	Price, Also having to initialize each CD and Finalize before.
0	Price, Also removing to initialize each CD and Then Finalize before having.
0	initialize, Also having to Price each CD and Then Finalize before removing.
0	, having to initialize each CD and Then Finalize before removing.
0	Price, Also having to initialize each cadmium and Then Finalize before hit.
0	auto shut off is to fast
0	auto shut is to fast
0	auto shut off is to degraded
0	auto shut off is to libertine fast
0	auto is off shut to fast
0	auto shut off is fast
0	auto shut off is to loyal
0	auto shut to is off fast
0	auto shut off is to dissolute fast
1	wonderful pictures, great battery life, easy to use
1	wonderful pictures, great battery life, well-off to use
1	wonderful, great battery life, easy to use
1	wonderful pictures, great battery life, easy heavy to use
1	wonderful pictures, to battery life, easy great use
1	wonderful ikon pictures, great battery life, easy to use
1	wonderful film, great battery life, easy to use
1	wonderful pictures, battery great life, easy to use
1	wonderful pictures, great battery life, to use
0	Very pricey
0	Very pricey
0	very pricey
0	pricey
0	real Very pricey
0	dear Very pricey
0	pricey Very
0	Very 
0	Very costly
0	n/a
0	n/a
0	newton/a
0	n/
0	north/a
0	n/adenine a
0	/a
0	a/n
0	n/north a
0	it doesn't do the dishes.
0	it IT doesn't do the dishes.
0	do doesn't it the dishes.
0	it doesn't do the coiffure dishes.
0	it doesn't the dishes.
0	it doesn't do the stunner.
0	it doesn't do the.
0	it doesn't do the bag.
0	doesn't it do the dishes.
0	i cant think of any
0	i tilt think of any
0	i ace cant think of any
0	i any think of cant
0	i argot think of any
0	i I cant think of any
0	i cant think of 
0	i cant think any of
0	i think of any
0	Paper jams frequently, drinks ink like water, ink clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
0	Paper jams frequently, drinks ink like weewee water, ink clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
0	Paper jams frequently, drinks ink, ink clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
0	Paper jams frequently, drinks ink like water, ink clogs often, exclusively print quality only tolerable.
0	Paper jams frequently, drinks ink like water, ink clogs quality, print often only tolerable.
0	Paper like frequently, drinks ink jams water, ink clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
0	Paper jams oftentimes, drinks ink ilk water, ink clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
0	theme jams frequently, drinks ink like water, ink clogs often, impress quality only tolerable.
0	Paper frequently, drinks ink like water, ink clogs often, print quality only.
1	There are no pros!!
1	There are no pro!!
1	are no pros!!
1	There are pros!!
1	There are no equal pros!!
1	There are no there pros!!
1	There are pros no!!
1	There pros no are!!
1	thither are no pros!!
1	great options
1	great outstanding options
1	options
1	great options
1	options great
1	swell options
1	great 
1	nifty options
1	swell great options
0	big
0	braggy
0	prominent
0	magnanimous big
0	big
0	expectant big
1	Price, speed, quality, ease of use/installation
1	Price, speed,, ease of use/installation
1	Price, speed, quality, of use/installation
1	Price, speed, tone, ease of use/installation
1	of, speed, quality, ease Price use/installation
1	Price, speed, quality, of ease use/installation
1	Price, speed, quality, ease of toll use/installation
1	Price, speed, character, ease of use/installation
1	Price, speed, quality, ease of habit use/installation
0	no optical zoom
0	no opthalmic zoom
0	optical no zoom
0	no optic zoom
0	no zoom optical
0	optical zoom
0	no zoom
0	soar no optical zoom
0	no soar optical zoom
0	Reliability
0	reliability Reliability
0	dependableness
0	dependability
0	Reliability
1	superb images, quality construction, accepts Type II cards
1	cards images, quality construction, accepts Type II superb
1	superb images, quality, accepts Type II cards
1	superb images, construction, accepts Type II cards
1	superb images, quality construction, accepts Type II case cards
1	superb images, quality II, accepts Type construction cards
1	superb images, swallow quality construction, accepts Type II cards
1	superb images, quality construction, bear Type II cards
1	superb images, quality construction, accepts Type II placard
0	The large capacity color ink cartridge is $60+...
0	The large capacity color cartridge is $60+...
0	cartridge large capacity color ink The is $60+...
0	ink large capacity color The cartridge is $60+...
0	The magazine large capacity color ink cartridge is $60+...
0	The bombastic capacity color ink cartridge is $60+...
0	The large capacity color ink cartridge capacitance is $60+...
0	The enceinte capacity color ink cartridge is $60+...
0	The large capacity color ink cartridge is $+...
0	does NOT support rechargeable batteries, short battery life, no lens cover
0	does NOT support rechargeable batteries, short battery spirit, no lens handle
0	stomach does NOT support rechargeable batteries, short battery life, no lens cover
0	does NOT support rechargeable batteries, short battery cover, no lens life
0	NOT support rechargeable batteries, short battery life, lens cover
0	battery NOT support rechargeable batteries, short does life, no lens cover
0	does NOT support rechargeable batteries, short battery back life, no lens cover
0	does NOT batteries, short battery life, no lens cover
0	does NOT support rechargeable shelling, suddenly battery life, no lens cover
0	Hard to push and maneuver
0	Hard and push to maneuver
0	Hard to and maneuver
0	Hard to direct push and maneuver
0	surd to push and maneuver
0	Hard to push maneuver and
0	Hard to push and channelise
0	Hard to push and maneuver
0	to push and maneuver
1	fast, quiet, IR, great quality
1	fast, quiet, quality, great IR
1	fast, quiet, IR, great iridium quality
1	fast,, IR, great quality
1	fast, quiet, IR, smashing quality
1	quality, quiet, IR, great fast
1	fast, quiet, select IR, great quality
1	fast, quiet, iridium, great quality
1	, quiet, IR, great quality
0	Long time between photos, bad in low-light conditions, HP charges for driver downloads now
0	foresighted time between photos, bad in low-light conditions, HP tutelage for driver downloads now
0	Long time between horsepower photos, bad in low-light conditions, HP charges for driver downloads now
0	low-light time between photos, bad in Long conditions, HP charges for driver downloads now
0	Long time between photos, bad clock in low-light conditions, HP charges for driver downloads now
0	Long time between, bad in low-light conditions, HP charges for downloads now
0	Long time between photos, bad in low-light conditions, HP charges for downloads 
0	Long time between photos, bad in now conditions, HP charges for driver downloads low-light
0	Long time between photos, spoilt in low-light conditions, HP charges for driver download now
1	Great Photos/Floppy Storage
1	Great Photos/Floppy entrepot
1	swell Photos/Floppy Storage
1	Great storage Photos/Floppy Storage
1	Photos Great/Floppy Storage
1	Great Photos/ Storage
1	Great Photos/floppy Floppy Storage
1	Photos/Floppy Storage
1	Great Floppy/Photos Storage
0	Compatibility to windows xp, color not as sharp as other lexmark brands.
0	Compatibility to windows xp, color not as acuate as other lexmark denounce.
0	Compatibility to windows, color not as sharp other lexmark brands.
0	Compatibility windows xp, color not as sharp other lexmark brands.
0	Compatibility to windows xp, coloring not as sharply as other lexmark brands.
0	Compatibility to windows xp, color not as colourise sharp as other lexmark brands.
0	Compatibility to windows xp, brands not as sharp as other lexmark color.
0	Compatibility window to windows xp, color not as sharp as other lexmark brands.
0	Compatibility to windows xp, not color as sharp as other lexmark brands.
1	Super features, good sounding audio, web access
1	Super features, web sounding audio, good access
1	Super, good sounding audio, web access
1	features, good sounding audio, web access
1	Super features, upright sounding audio, web access
1	Super features, good sounding audio, web topnotch access
1	first-rate features, good sounding audio, web access
1	Super features, good sounding voice audio, web access
1	Super features, access sounding audio, web good
0	Price of accessories
0	price of accessories
0	Price of 
0	Price accessories
0	Price accouterment of accessories
0	accessories of Price
0	Price of accessory accessories
0	Price of appurtenance
0	of Price accessories
1	Easy to operate, good quality outdoor pictures, sliding lens cover
1	Easy sluttish to operate, good quality outdoor pictures, sliding lens cover
1	Easy to operate, good pictures, sliding lens cover
1	Easy to operate, good quality outdoor outside pictures, sliding lens cover
1	Easy to operate, well quality outdoor pictures, sliding lens extend
1	Easy to, good quality outdoor pictures, sliding cover
1	quality to operate, good Easy outdoor pictures, sliding lens cover
1	Easy to operate, good cover outdoor pictures, sliding lens quality
1	Easy to manoeuver, thoroughly quality outdoor pictures, sliding lens cover
1	takes abuse, easy to use
1	takes use, easy to abuse
1	takes, easy to use
1	takes role abuse, easy to use
1	takes abuse, comfortable to use
1	takes abuse, easy to 
1	takes abuse, easy to lease use
1	easy abuse, takes to use
1	takes abuse, slow to use
1	lightweight, affordable
1	affordable, lightweight
1	jackanapes, affordable
1	lightweight, whippersnapper affordable
1	lightweight, low-cost
1	, affordable
1	jackanapes lightweight, affordable
1	lightweight, affordable
1	lightweight, 
0	drains batteries quickly
0	debilitate batteries quickly
0	drains quickly batteries
0	batteries quickly
0	drains batteries rapidly
0	drains batteries 
0	drains batteries barrage quickly
0	drains bombardment batteries quickly
0	batteries drains quickly
0	Expensive, goes through ink pretty fast
0	fast, goes through ink pretty Expensive
0	Expensive, decease through ink pretty fast
0	Expensive, goes through ink fast pretty
0	Expensive, goes through ink pretty degenerate
0	Expensive, goes through ink pretty 
0	reasonably Expensive, goes through ink pretty fast
0	Expensive, goes expensive through ink pretty fast
0	, goes through ink pretty fast
0	Battery life, dropped calls, charging time
0	Battery hollo life, dropped calls, charging time
0	Battery life, dropped song, charging time
0	Battery life, dropped calls, charging 
0	Battery time, dropped calls, charging life
0	dropped life, Battery calls, charging time
0	Battery, dropped calls, charging time
0	Battery shed life, dropped calls, charging time
0	Battery life, dropped Call, charging time
1	easy to use. tiny. audio recorder, MP3 player, camera, and movie recorder in one device.
1	easy to use. one. audio recorder, MP3 player, camera, and movie recorder tiny in device.
1	to use. tiny. audio, MP3 player, camera, and recorder in one device.
1	prosperous to use. bantam. audio recorder, MP3 player, camera, and movie recorder in ane device.
1	easy to use. tiny. audio recorder, flick MP3 player, camera, and movie recorder inwards in one device.
1	easy to use. movie. audio recorder, recorder player, camera, and tiny MP3 in one device.
1	easy to use. tiny. audio recorder, MP3 sound player, camera, and movie sound recorder in one device.
1	easy to. tiny. audio recorder, MP3 player, camera, and movie one device.
1	easy to apply. tiny. audio recorder, MP3 musician, camera, and movie recorder in matchless device.
1	Awesome print quality for the price, easy to use, small in design.
1	Awesome print quality for the price, easy to use, In small in design.
1	Awesome print tone for the price, easy to use, small in blueprint.
1	Awesome print quality for the, easy to use, small in.
1	Awesome print quality for the price, easy to use, design.
1	Awesome print quality for the price, easy to apply, small in purpose.
1	Awesome print quality use the price, easy to for, small in design.
1	Awesome easy quality for the price, print to use, small in design.
1	Awesome print quality for humble the price, easy to use, small in design.
1	easy to use, sensitive, full keyboard
1	to use, sensitive, full keyboard
1	easy to expend, sensitive, full keyboard
1	easy to use, sensitive, full slowly keyboard
1	easy to, sensitive, full keyboard
1	sensitive to use, easy, full keyboard
1	easy to purpose, sensitive, full keyboard
1	easy to use, sensitive, sore full keyboard
1	easy to full, sensitive, use keyboard
1	great price for the excellent quality, ease-of-use
1	great price for the excellent ease-of-use, quality
1	great price for the excellent tone, ease-of-use
1	great price for the excellent Price quality, ease-of-use
1	great price for excellent quality, ease-of-use
1	great price for the excellent cost quality, ease-of-use
1	great price the excellent quality, ease-of-use
1	great price for the excellent select, ease-of-use
1	price great for the excellent quality, ease-of-use
0	Speed, Build Quality
0	, Build Quality
0	Speed, hie Build Quality
0	Speed, prime Build Quality
0	Build, Speed Quality
0	Quality, Build Speed
0	race, Build Quality
0	upper, Build Quality
0	Speed, Build 
1	Excellent Quality, Cheap, easy to use
1	Excellent Cheap, Quality, easy to use
1	Excellent Quality, Cheap, easy cheap to use
1	gentle Excellent Quality, Cheap, easy to use
1	Excellent, Cheap, easy to use
1	Excellent to, Cheap, easy Quality use
1	Excellent Quality, flash, easy to use
1	Excellent Quality,, easy to use
1	Excellent Quality, Cheap, easy to usance
0	Weak flash, Not the best in &amp;quot;auto&amp;quot; low light
0	Weak flash, Not the best auto &amp;quot;in&amp;quot; low light
0	Weak flash, Not the quot in &amp;best;auto&amp;quot; low light
0	Weak flash, the in &amp;quot;auto&amp;quot; low light
0	Weak flashing, Not the best in &amp;quot;auto&amp;quot; low-down light
0	Weak not flash, Not the best in &amp;quot;auto&amp;quot; low light
0	sapless flash, Not the unspoilt in &amp;quot;auto&amp;quot; low light
0	Weak flash, Not the best in &amp;quot;auto&amp;upright quot; low light
0	Weak flash, Not the in &amp;quot;auto&amp;quot; light
0	Short batter life, slow transfers
0	Short batter life, dull transfers
0	batter life, slow transfers
0	Short batter life, transfers slow
0	Short batter life, living slow transfers
0	Short batter, slow transfers
0	batter Short life, slow transfers
0	Short batter boring life, slow transfers
0	Short batter life, boring transfers
0	Nothing, except people annoying you asking &amp;quot;What is that&amp;quot;
0	Nothing, except A people annoying you asking &amp;quot;What is that&amp;quot;
0	zero, except people annoying you asking &amp;quot;What is that&A;quot;
0	Nothing, except people pestiferous you ask &amp;quot;What is that&amp;quot;
0	Nothing, except people annoying asking &amp;quot;What is that&;quot;
0	Nothing, except people annoying you asking &amp;What;quot is that&amp;quot;
0	Nothing, people you asking &amp;quot;What is that&amp;quot;
0	Nothing, except people annoying you asking &amp;cost quot;What is that&amp;quot;
0	Nothing, except people annoying quot asking &amp;quot;What is that&amp;you;
1	comes in a nice box, breaks into pretty pieces when smashed
1	comes in a nice box, boxwood breaks into pretty pieces when smashed
1	comes in a smashed box, breaks into pretty pieces when nice
1	comes in a nice box, gap into pretty pieces when besotted
1	comes in a nice box, soused breaks into pretty pieces when smashed
1	cum in a nice box, better into pretty pieces when smashed
1	comes in a nice box, breaks pretty pieces smashed
1	comes in a nice when, breaks into pretty pieces box smashed
1	comes in a box, breaks into pretty pieces smashed
1	Small, Lithium battery, Great colours
1	Small, Lithium battery, Great distort
1	Small, Lithium battery, bombardment Great colours
1	colours, Lithium battery, Great Small
1	Small, Lithium battery, Great 
1	pocket-sized, Lithium battery, Great colours
1	Li Small, Lithium battery, Great colours
1	Small, Lithium, Great colours
1	Small, battery Lithium, Great colours
1	Compact, Feature laden, Great Zoom for size and reasonable price.
1	Compact, size laden, Great Zoom for Feature and reasonable price.
1	, Feature laden, Great Zoom for size and reasonable.
1	Compact, Feature fairish laden, Great Zoom for size and reasonable price.
1	thickset, Feature loaded, Great Zoom for size and reasonable price.
1	stocky, Feature laden, Great Zoom for size and reasonable Price.
1	, Feature laden, Great Zoom for size and price.
1	Compact, Feature laden, Great Zoom for size damage and reasonable price.
1	Compact, Feature size, Great Zoom for laden and reasonable price.
0	Communicam
0	Communicam
0	Cumbersome menu; washed-out LCD; tech support
0	Cumbersome menu; washed-out LCD; support
0	Cumbersome LCD; washed-out menu; tech support
0	Cumbersome tech; washed-out LCD; menu support
0	Cumbersome menu; washed-out LCD; tech sustain
0	Cumbersome menu; washed-out LCD; tech patronage
0	Cumbersome backup menu; washed-out LCD; tech support
0	Cumbersome menu; washed-out; tech support
0	Cumbersome menu; washed-out LCD; bleached tech support
1	Small, handy, memory stick, USB
1	Small, handy, USB stick, memory
1	Small, handy, memory stick, bewilder USB
1	Small, handy, memory, USB
1	, handy, memory stick, USB
1	Small, USB, memory stick, handy
1	Small, mystify handy, memory stick, USB
1	Small, handy, memory amaze, USB
1	Small, handy, memory cohere, USB
0	Nothing.
0	nothing Nothing.
0	cypher.
0	Nothing.
0	zip Nothing.
0	zero.
0	Toner expense
0	Toner expense
0	disbursement Toner expense
0	Toner 
0	Toner disbursement expense
0	expense Toner
0	Toner disbursal
0	toner expense
0	expense
1	Sturdy, classy, shopping bag space, convenient for getting baby from carseat to stroller without disturbance.
1	Sturdy, classy, shopping bag space, convenient for getting swish baby from carseat to stag stroller without disturbance.
1	Sturdy, classy, shopping dish space, convenient for suffer baby from carseat to stroller without perturbation.
1	Sturdy, carseat, shopping bag convenient, space for getting baby from classy to stroller without disturbance.
1	, classy, bag space, convenient for getting baby from carseat to stroller disturbance.
1	place Sturdy, inflexible classy, shopping bag space, convenient for getting baby from carseat to stroller without disturbance.
1	Sturdy, classy, shopping bag, convenient for getting baby to stroller without disturbance.
1	tough, classy, betray bag space, convenient for cause baby from carseat to stroller without disturbance.
1	Sturdy, carseat, shopping bag space, convenient stroller getting baby from classy to for without disturbance.
1	-cheap, -the best in 2 mega, -multiple options!, -great for starters
1	-cheap, -the best in 2 mega, -multiple inch options!, -great for starters
1	-cheap, -the expert in 2 mega, -multiple options!, -great for newcomer
1	-cheap, -the best in 2 neat mega, -multiple options!, -great for starters
1	-cheap, -the upright in 2 mega, -multiple options!, -dandy for starters
1	-cheap, -the for in 2 mega, -multiple options!, -great best starters
1	-cheap, -the best in mega, -multiple options!, -great for 
1	-cheap, -the best in 2, - options!, -great for starters
1	-starters, -the best in 2 mega, -multiple options!, -great for cheap
0	Flimsy, terrible LCD, horrid signal
0	terrible, Flimsy LCD, horrid signal
0	Flimsy, terrible outrageous LCD, horrid signal
0	signal, terrible LCD, horrid Flimsy
0	horrific Flimsy, terrible LCD, horrid signal
0	Flimsy, unspeakable LCD, horrid signal
0	, terrible LCD, horrid signal
0	Flimsy, terrible, horrid signal
0	Flimsy, direful LCD, horrid signal
0	Software.  Cheap build quality.
0	software Software.  Cheap build quality.
0	build.  Cheap Software quality.
0	Software.  Cheap quality.
0	Software.  Cheap package build quality.
0	Software.  build quality.
0	Cheap.  Software build quality.
0	Software.  Cheap build tone.
0	Software.  Cheap anatomy quality.
0	No voice dial, I really miss that . . .
0	No voice dial, I escape really miss that . . .
0	No voice genuinely dial, I really miss that . . .
0	No voice dial, I really miss . . .
0	No voice dial, I really that . . .
0	No spokesperson dial, I really miss that . . .
0	No voice dial, I really lose that . . .
0	No that dial, I really miss voice . . .
0	No voice dial, miss really I that . . .
0	Poor image quality.  Flash too strong at short range then drops off quickly.
0	Poor image quality.  Flash too strong at shortly range then unload off quickly.
0	quality image Poor.  Flash too strong at short range then drops off quickly.
0	Poor image quality.  Flash too strong at unforesightful chain then drops off quickly.
0	Poor image quality.  Flash too strong at effigy short range then drops off quickly.
0	Poor image quality.  Flash too strong at firm short range then drops off quickly.
0	Poor image.  Flash too strong short range then drops off quickly.
0	drops image quality.  Flash too strong at short range then Poor off quickly.
0	Poor image quality.  Flash too strong short range drops off quickly.
1	This camera contours nicely to your hand and can take high quality pictures.
1	This camera can nicely to your hand and contours take high quality pictures.
1	This camera contours nicely to your hand and take quality pictures.
1	This camera contours nicely to your hand and visualize can take high quality pictures.
1	This camera contours nicely to your hand and can remove high quality icon.
1	This high contours nicely to your hand and can take camera quality pictures.
1	This camera contours to your hand and can high quality pictures.
1	This camera contours nicely to your hand and can take high gamey quality pictures.
1	This camera contours nicely to your hand and can strike high quality see.
1	Compact, light, good quality, great flash!
1	Compact, light, good quality, flash!
1	Compact, light, good quality, great!
1	Compact, light, good bully quality, great flash!
1	Compact, light, good quality, flash great!
1	Compact, light, good smashing quality, great flash!
1	Compact, light, flash quality, great good!
1	Compact, light, good quality, great blink!
1	Compact, light, good quality, great photoflash!
0	slow color printing
0	color printing
0	color slow printing
0	slow color dumb printing
0	slow discolor printing
0	slow vividness printing
0	printing color slow
0	slow color 
0	slow color print printing
0	Unless you want to be aggrevated, don't buy this phone
0	Unless you want to be telephone aggrevated, don't buy this phone
0	Unless you to be aggrevated, don't buy phone
0	Unless you deprivation to be aggrevated, don't buy this call
0	Unless you want sound to be aggrevated, don't buy this phone
0	Unless you need to be aggrevated, don't buy this call
0	Unless you to aggrevated, don't buy this phone
0	Unless you be to want aggrevated, don't buy this phone
0	Unless you want to this aggrevated, don't buy be phone
0	Cost
0	price Cost
0	Cost
0	be
0	be Cost
0	cost
1	Very easy to use, good quality
1	Very use to easy, good quality
1	easy to use, good quality
1	Very easy to use, good safe quality
1	Very easy to use, full quality
1	Very very easy to use, good quality
1	Very easy to quality, good use
1	Very sluttish to use, good quality
1	Very easy to use, quality
1	Easy to use, pictures are fantastic, can use floppy discs
1	Easy to use, pictures are utilisation fantastic, can use floppy discs
1	Easy to use, fantastic are pictures, can use floppy discs
1	gentle to use, pictures are fantastic, can enjoyment floppy discs
1	Easy platter to use, pictures are fantastic, can use floppy discs
1	Easy to, pictures are fantastic, use floppy discs
1	Easy use, pictures are fantastic, can use floppy 
1	Easy to can, pictures are fantastic, use use floppy discs
1	slowly to employment, pictures are fantastic, can use floppy discs
0	Is there?
0	there Is?
0	live there?
0	constitute there?
0	Is there?
0	Is?
0	follow Is there?
0	thither Is there?
0	there?
1	Great quality, durable, relatively easy to use
1	Great to, durable, relatively easy quality use
1	Great quality, lasting durable, relatively easy to use
1	Great quality, durable, relatively use to easy
1	majuscule quality, durable, relatively easy to use
1	quality, durable, relatively easy to use
1	Great quality, durable, relatively function easy to use
1	Great quality, durable, relatively easy to 
1	Great quality, durable, relatively easy to consumption
0	A little easy to lose grip of, not enough " memory space",too thick.
0	A little easy to lose grip of, not sufficiency " retentiveness space",too thick.
0	A little easy to enough grip of, not lose " memory space",too thick.
0	A little easy lose grip of, not enough " memory space", thick.
0	little easy to lose of, not enough " memory space",too thick.
0	A little easy to distance lose grip of, not enough " memory space",too thick.
0	A little easy space lose grip of, not enough " memory to",too thick.
0	A little easy to lose grip of, not enough " memory space",non too thick.
0	adenine little easy to lose grip of, not enough " remembering space",too thick.
0	Unable to print at all if one cartridge is empty. 
0	one to print at all if Unable cartridge is empty. 
0	Unable to print at all ineffectual if one cartridge is empty. 
0	Unable to print at all if is cartridge one empty. 
0	Unable to print at all if vacuous one cartridge is empty. 
0	Unable print at if one cartridge is empty. 
0	ineffective to print at all if one magazine is empty. 
0	Unable to print at all if unmatched cartridge is void. 
0	Unable to all if one cartridge is empty. 
0	Image noise
0	Image figure noise
0	visualise Image noise
0	Image noise
0	ikon noise
0	noise Image
0	noise
0	Image 
0	Image stochasticity
1	resolution and color that rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
1	resolution and color that rivals dye-sublimation colorise printers.  
1	resolution and color that dye-sublimation printers.  
1	solution and color that rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
1	resolution and color that printers dye-sublimation rivals.  
1	resolution color that rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
1	that and color resolution rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
1	firmness and color that rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
1	resolution and color that colorise rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
1	Great reception, easy to learn how to use.
1	receipt Great reception, easy to learn how to use.
1	Great reception, easy to learn to use.
1	great reception, easy to learn how to use.
1	Great reception, easy to use how to learn.
1	Great response reception, easy to learn how to use.
1	Great easy, reception to learn how to use.
1	Great, easy to learn how to use.
1	Great reception, easy to determine how to use.
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, loads of options to play with.
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, loads neat of options to play with.
1	Great picture quality, easy use, loads of options to with.
1	with picture quality, easy to use, loads of options to play Great.
1	Great picture quality, easy to enjoyment, loads of pick to play with.
1	Great picture quality, to use, loads of to play with.
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, incumbrance of options to gaming with.
1	Great quality picture, easy to use, loads of options to play with.
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, loads of options to great play with.
1	this is a very user friendly camera.
1	this is a very user camera.
1	friendly is a very user this camera.
1	this is a very user favorable camera.
1	this is a very friendly camera.
1	this is a very user well-disposed camera.
1	this is very a user friendly camera.
1	this is a identical very user friendly camera.
1	this exploiter is a very user friendly camera.
1	Speaker phone is nice.
1	Speaker nice is phone.
1	Speaker phone nice.
1	squeamish Speaker phone is nice.
1	Speaker phone squeamish is nice.
1	Speaker phone nice is.
1	Speaker phone is dainty.
1	Speaker phone is.
1	Speaker phone is decent.
0	Loud sound, sometimes too loud, numbers and letters on keypad are blurry with backlighting
0	garish audio, sometimes too loud, numbers and letters on keypad are blurry with backlighting
0	gimcrack sound, sometimes too loud, amount and letters on keypad are blurry with backlighting
0	backlighting sound, sometimes too loud, numbers and letters on keypad are blurry with Loud
0	Loud sound, sometimes too loud, numbers fathom and letters on keypad are blurry with backlighting
0	Loud sound, sometimes too loud, numbers and letters on keypad are cheap blurry with backlighting
0	Loud sound, sometimes loud, numbers and letters keypad are blurry with backlighting
0	Loud sound, sometimes too letters, numbers and loud on keypad are blurry with backlighting
0	Loud sound, sometimes too loud, numbers and on keypad are blurry backlighting
0	Can't think of any cons
0	Can't of think any cons
0	Can't think cogitate of any cons
0	Can't think of any scam
0	Can't think of any mulct
0	Can't think whatsoever of any cons
0	cons think of any Can't
0	Can't of any cons
0	Can't think of cons
0	Crappy camera, terrible colors and poor speaker volume, does not support MP3s
0	Crappy camera, terrible colors and poor speaker volume, support not does MP3s
0	stinky camera, painful colors and poor speaker volume, does not support MP3s
0	Crappy camera, MP3s colors and poor speaker volume, does not support terrible
0	execute Crappy camera, terrible colors and poor speaker volume, does not support MP3s
0	Crappy camera, painful colors and poor utterer volume, does not support MP3s
0	, terrible colors and poor speaker volume, does not support MP3s
0	Crappy camera, terrible colors and speaker volume, does not support 
0	Crappy camera, terrible non colors and poor speaker volume, does not support MP3s
0	Keypad, camera and features suck. Bluetooth basic. Size is bigger than most phones.
0	Keypad, camera and features draw. Bluetooth basic. Size is gravid than most phones.
0	Keypad, camera and features suck. Bluetooth basic. Size is sound bigger than most phones.
0	than, camera and features suck. Bluetooth basic. Size is bigger Keypad most phones.
0	Keypad, camera and features suck. Bluetooth basic. size is cock-a-hoop than most phones.
0	Keypad, than and features suck. Bluetooth basic. Size is bigger camera most phones.
0	Keypad, camera keypad and features suck. Bluetooth basic. Size is bigger than most phones.
0	Keypad, and features suck. basic. Size is bigger than most phones.
0	Keypad, and features suck. Bluetooth. Size is bigger than most phones.
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry around, good picture quality
1	Inexpensive, picture to upload, easy to carry around, good easy quality
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry soundly around, good picture quality
1	Inexpensive, soft to upload, easy to carry around, good exposure quality
1	carry, easy to upload, easy to Inexpensive around, good picture quality
1	Inexpensive, easy round to upload, easy to carry around, good picture quality
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry, good quality
1	Inexpensive, to, easy to carry around, good picture quality
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry around, good flick select
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	A decent phone with some features unique!
1	amp decent phone with some unique features!
1	A decently decent phone with some unique features!
1	A decent phone unique some with features!
1	A decent phone singular with some unique features!
1	ampere decent phone with some unique features!
1	A decent phone with some features!
1	A decent phone with unique features!
0	no MPEG mode, big
0	no MPEG swelled mode, big
0	no MPEG mode, self-aggrandising
0	MPEG mode, big
0	no MPEG mood mode, big
0	no mode MPEG, big
0	no MPEG big, mode
0	no mode, big
0	no MPEG mode, bighearted
1	great, crisp photos.
1	, crisp photos.
1	great, photos.
1	crisp, great photos.
1	great, terse photos.
1	great, sharp photos.
1	great, crisp exposure photos.
1	frizzly great, crisp photos.
1	great, photos crisp.
1	Its small and reliable, it will fit on any desktop. 
1	reliable small and Its, it will fit on any desktop. 
1	Its minuscule and reliable, it will match on any desktop. 
1	Its small and IT reliable, it will fit on any desktop. 
1	Its small reliable, it will fit any desktop. 
1	Its modest and reliable, it will check on any desktop. 
1	honest Its small and reliable, it will fit on any desktop. 
1	Its any and reliable, it will fit on small desktop. 
1	Its and reliable, it fit on any desktop. 
0	It is a little slow on printing!
0	It is a little retard on printing!
0	It is a little slight slow on printing!
0	It is a printing slow on little!
0	It slow a little is on printing!
0	It is a little slow on comprise printing!
0	It is a little slow on!
0	It is a little dumb on printing!
0	is a little slow on printing!
0	But try something as simple as attaching a protective UV Filter.
0	But try something as simple merely as attaching a protective UV Filter.
0	But test something as unproblematic as attaching a protective UV Filter.
0	But try as as attaching a protective UV Filter.
0	merely try something as simple as attach a protective UV Filter.
0	But try uncomplicated something as simple as attaching a protective UV Filter.
0	But try something as simple attaching as a protective UV Filter.
0	But try something simple attaching a protective UV Filter.
0	simple try something as But as attaching a protective UV Filter.
1	Easy to use,Great pictures
1	Easy to use,Great 
1	Easy to habit use,Great pictures
1	Easy to use,Great envision
1	Easy to use, pictures
1	Easy to use,easygoing Great pictures
1	Easy pictures use,Great to
1	Easy to use,expectant pictures
1	use to Easy,Great pictures
0	Size - but it is easy to get used to
0	Size - but it is easy to get used incur to
0	to - but it is easy Size get used to
0	Size - but it is easy to cause used to
0	Size - but it is sluttish to get used to
0	Size - just but it is easy to get used to
0	Size - but it is to get used to
0	Size - but to is easy to get used it
0	- but it is easy to get used to
1	Reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by Time
1	Sound; Reception Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by Time
1	response Reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by Time
1	Reception; Stand-by Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Sound Time
1	Reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by clock
1	Reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by 
1	Reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Time
1	reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by Time
1	Reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by heavy Time
1	Useful cardboard box
1	utilitarian cardboard box
1	Useful box cardboard
1	cardboard box
1	utilitarian Useful cardboard box
1	Useful cardboard 
1	Useful cardboard utilitarian box
1	Useful unlifelike box
1	box cardboard Useful
0	Only one game
0	Only one solely game
0	Only game one
0	Only game
0	one Only game
0	alone one game
0	Only one 
0	Only spunky one game
0	Only unrivalled game
0	poor standard battery life
0	poor measure standard battery life
0	hapless standard battery life
0	poor standard measure battery life
0	poor battery standard life
0	battery standard poor life
0	standard battery life
0	poor battery life
0	poor standard battery sprightliness
0	no self-timer, lens cap or USB connection
0	cap self-timer, lens no or USB connection
0	no self-timer, lens or USB connection
0	no self-timer, No lens cap or USB connection
0	no self-timer, lens crownwork or USB connection
0	self-timer, lens cap or USB connection
0	no self-timer, lens cap or USB connexion
0	no jacket self-timer, lens cap or USB connection
0	lens self-timer, no cap or USB connection
0	Cheap plastic which gives, including the flip; CHEAP Build qaulity
0	Cheap plastic which flip, including the gives; CHEAP Build qaulity
0	Cheap which plastic gives, including the flip; CHEAP Build qaulity
0	plastic which gives, including the; CHEAP Build qaulity
0	Cheap plastic which gives, including the flip; CHEAP chinchy Build qaulity
0	Cheap plastic which gives, including the flip; physique CHEAP Build qaulity
0	Cheap plastic which gives, including the twitch; CHEAP anatomy qaulity
0	Cheap plastic which return, including the flip; CHEAP bod qaulity
0	Cheap plastic which gives, including the flip; CHEAP 
0	not bluetooth compatible(if you know what that is)
0	not bluetooth compatible(if you love what that is)
0	that bluetooth compatible(if you know what not is)
0	not compatible(if you know what that is)
0	not bluetooth compatible(if you what that is)
0	not bluetooth compatible(if you know what that is)
0	not bluetooth compatible(if you eff what that is)
0	know bluetooth compatible(if you not what that is)
0	A little more pricey than some printers, but well worth it.
0	A little more pricey than some worth, but well printers it.
0	A little more pricey than printers some, but well worth it.
0	A little more deserving pricey than some printers, but well worth it.
0	A little more pricey than some printers, but well.
0	A picayune more pricey than some printers, but fountainhead worth it.
0	ampere niggling more pricey than some printers, but well worth it.
0	A little more pricey than lilliputian some printers, but well worth it.
0	more pricey than some printers, but well worth it.
1	Ease of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
1	Ease of, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
1	Ease of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, money for value
1	Ease of use, mac-compatible,, affordable, value for money
1	Ease of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
1	Ease of money, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for use
1	Ease of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, esteem for money
1	ease of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
1	Compact, easy to navigate. Voice dial helps in the car.
1	Compact, to navigate. Voice dial helps the car.
1	Compact, easy to navigate. Voice dial helps in car the.
1	Compact, to easy navigate. Voice dial helps in the car.
1	compact, easy to navigate. Voice dial helps in the automobile.
1	Compact, easy to navigate. articulation dial helper in the car.
1	Compact, easy to navigate. Voice dial helps pack in the car.
1	Compact, easy navigate. dial helps in the car.
1	Compact, easy vocalise to navigate. Voice dial helps in the car.
0	Complicated. Too small?
0	Complicated. small?
0	Complicated. Too excessively small?
0	complicated. Too small?
0	small. Too Complicated?
0	Complicated. elaborate Too small?
0	elaborate. Too small?
0	Complicated. Too?
0	Complicated. small Too?
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, so earphones, + Bluetooth much more
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth, + so more
1	Reliable, comfortable size, absolved go, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, indeed Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Reliable, readable comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth much, + so earphones more
1	Reliable, well-fixed size, clear level-headed, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Reliable, comfortable, clear, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
0	Not a very good printer when printing photos
0	Not a very printer when printing photos
0	a very good printer when printing photos
0	Not a very good printer non when printing photos
0	Not a very right printer when printing photos
0	Not a very good printer ampere when printing photos
0	a Not very good printer when printing photos
0	Not a very commodity printer when printing photos
0	Not a very good printer photos printing when
0	Expensive, I hope the costs of ink cartridges comes down soon.
0	Expensive, follow I hope the costs of ink cartridges comes down soon.
0	Expensive, I hope cartridges costs of ink the comes down soon.
0	Expensive, ane hope the costs of ink cartridges number down soon.
0	Expensive, I hope the costs ink cartridges comes down.
0	Expensive, I expensive hope the costs of ink cartridges comes down soon.
0	Expensive, I hope the costs of ink cartridges soon down comes.
0	Expensive, 1 hope the costs of ink cartridges amount down soon.
0	Expensive, I hope the costs of cartridges down soon.
1	price, prints, features
1	, prints, features
1	price, prints, sport
1	price, prints, 
1	price, features, prints
1	boast price, prints, features
1	prints, price, features
1	feature price, prints, features
1	price, prints, lineament
0	Small buttons which could be troublesome for large fingers
0	Small buttons which could release be troublesome for large fingers
0	Small buttons which could be troublesome for orotund fingers
0	Small buttons for could be troublesome which large fingers
0	Small buttons which could be troublesome for prominent fingers
0	Small buttons which for be troublesome could large fingers
0	Small buttons which could push be troublesome for large fingers
0	Small buttons which could be for large fingers
0	Small buttons which could be troublesome for fingers
1	Value priced, great print quality, quiet, easy to install and use.
1	Value priced, great print quality, quiet, easy install and.
1	Value priced, quietly great print quality, quiet, easy to install and use.
1	Value and, great print quality, quiet, easy to install priced use.
1	Value priced, great print quality, quiet, to easy install and use.
1	Value priced, swell print quality, quiet, easy to establish and use.
1	rate priced, great print quality, tranquillise, easy to install and use.
1	Value priced, print quality, quiet, easy to install and.
1	Value priced, great print quality, quiet, easy to install and publish use.
0	Warm up time - but the tip from the tech guy has fixed this
0	Warm up time - but the tip from the tech rib has limit this
0	Warm up time - but the tip from the tech guy this
0	Warm up time - but the topple from the tech guy has set this
0	Warm up time - simply but the tip from the tech guy has fixed this
0	Warm up time - but the tip has the tech guy from fixed this
0	Warm up time - the tip from the tech guy has fixed 
0	Warm up the - but the tip from time tech guy has fixed this
0	Warm up time - but the tip from posit the tech guy has fixed this
0	not-too-good sound quality for roaming calls, small buttons on the dialing pad
0	not-too-good sound quality for embellish roaming calls, small buttons on the dialing pad
0	not-too-good sound quality for roaming calls, small buttons on choice the dialing pad
0	not-too-good sound for roaming, small buttons on the dialing pad
0	not-too-good sound quality for roam yell, small buttons on the dialing pad
0	not-too-good sound quality roaming for calls, small buttons on the dialing pad
0	not-too-good phone quality for roaming calls, belittled buttons on the dialing pad
0	not-too-good sound quality for roaming calls, small buttons on dialing the pad
0	not-too-good sound for calls, small buttons on the dialing pad
1	Love the multifunction capabilities and ease of use.
1	Love the multifunction capabilities and ease use of.
1	beloved the multifunction capabilities and ease of use.
1	Love the multifunction capabilities and ease of bang use.
1	Love the multifunction capabilities and ease of.
1	Love the multifunction capabilities and ease of usance.
1	Love the capabilities multifunction and ease of use.
1	Love the multifunction capabilities ease of use.
1	Love the multifunction consumption capabilities and ease of use.
1	Easy to carry around
1	Easy carry to around
1	to Easy carry around
1	Easy to carry easily around
1	Easy carry around
1	easy Easy to carry around
1	to carry around
1	Easy to carry approximately
1	Easy to take around
0	No Fax
0	No fax
0	No no Fax
0	No facsimile
0	Fax No
0	No 
0	Fax
0	No Fax
0	No telefax Fax
1	4 Megapixels. Movie mode. Great pictures!
1	Megapixels. Movie mode. Great pictures!
1	4 Megapixels. Movie mode. Great quaternion pictures!
1	4 Megapixels. Movie mode. nifty pictures!
1	4 Megapixels. Movie mode. exposure Great pictures!
1	4 mode. Movie Megapixels. Great pictures!
1	4 Megapixels. mode. Great pictures!
1	4 Megapixels. Movie pictures. Great mode!
1	4 Megapixels. Movie mode. Great flick!
1	battery life, solid feel, lit keys, reasonable camera, speakerphone
1	battery life, solid feel, lit keys, dismount reasonable camera, speakerphone
1	battery life, solid feel, lit keys, camera, speakerphone
1	battery life, solid feel, lit keys, reasonable, speakerphone
1	battery life, solid feel, keys lit, reasonable camera, speakerphone
1	battery life, solid palpate, lit keys, reasonable camera, speakerphone
1	battery life, solid feel, lit keys, reasonable camera, barrage speakerphone
1	life battery, solid feel, lit keys, reasonable camera, speakerphone
1	battery life, solidness feel, lit keys, reasonable camera, speakerphone
0	not real sturdy, lots of features to learn with poor explanations
0	not real stalwart, distribute of features to learn with poor explanations
0	not real sturdy, features to learn with poor explanations
0	not real sturdy, lots of features with learn to poor explanations
0	not real actual sturdy, lots of features to learn with poor explanations
0	not rattling sturdy, stack of features to learn with poor explanations
0	not real sturdy, lots of non features to learn with poor explanations
0	not real sturdy, learn of features to lots with poor explanations
0	not sturdy, lots features to learn with poor explanations
1	Quality Photos; Ease of use; size of camera; 
1	camera Photos; Ease of use; size of Quality; 
1	Quality Photos; Ease of use; size of caliber camera; 
1	Quality photo; Ease of use; size of camera; 
1	Quality Photos; Ease of utilization; size of camera; 
1	Quality Photos; tone Ease of use; size of camera; 
1	Quality; Ease of use; size of camera; 
1	Quality Photos; Ease of use; size of; 
1	Quality camera; Ease of use; size of Photos; 
1	Cool looking
1	looking
1	Cool looking
1	Cool 
1	Cool reckon looking
1	Cool await
1	Cool see
1	looking Cool
1	assuredness Cool looking
1	Easy to use, compact in size, instructions are easy to understand
1	well-heeled to use, compact in size, instructions are easy to empathise
1	Easy to use, in compact size, instructions are easy to understand
1	Easy to use, compact in promiscuous size, instructions are easy to understand
1	Easy to use, compact in size, instructions easy understand
1	Easy ar to use, compact in size, instructions are easy to understand
1	easygoing to utilisation, compact in size, instructions are easy to understand
1	Easy to use, compact in size, instructions to easy are understand
1	Easy to use, compact in size, easy to understand
1	Compact, sturdy, vibrate mode
1	Compact, sturdy, mode vibrate
1	Compact, sturdy, vibrate oscillate mode
1	Compact,, vibrate mode
1	bundle, sturdy, vibrate mode
1	Compact, mode, vibrate sturdy
1	contract, sturdy, vibrate mode
1	, sturdy, vibrate mode
1	Compact, sturdy, vibrate thick mode
0	un-clear printing quality
0	un-clear quality
0	un-clear printing select
0	un-clear tone printing quality
0	quality printing un-clear
0	print un-clear printing quality
0	printing quality
0	printing un-clear quality
0	un-clear impression quality
1	Wonderful Printer, one of the best for photos... lives up to the name!
1	Wonderful Printer, one of the best for photos... lives upwards up to the name!
1	Wonderful, one of the best for photos... lives up to name!
1	Wonderful Printer, peerless of the best for photos... animation up to the name!
1	Wonderful Printer, one of the best advantageously for photos... lives up to the name!
1	Wonderful Printer, one lives the best for photos... of up to the name!
1	Wonderful Printer, I of the best for photos... lives up to the gens!
1	Printer, one of the best for photos... up to the name!
1	lives Printer, one of the best for photos... Wonderful up to the name!
1	Killer prints especially on Photo Paper
1	Killer prints peculiarly on Photo Paper
1	Killer prints Paper on Photo especially
1	Killer prints especially on Photo 
1	Killer prints especially on report Photo Paper
1	Killer prints especially on Paper
1	Killer prints especially on pic Paper
1	Killer report prints especially on Photo Paper
1	prints Killer especially on Photo Paper
1	Lightweight, games, Tones
1	Lightweight, stake games, Tones
1	Tones, games, Lightweight
1	Lightweight, games, 
1	Lightweight, games, whippersnapper Tones
1	Lightweight, Tones, games
1	Lightweight, games, tonicity
1	Lightweight,, Tones
1	Lightweight, stake, Tones
1	Excellent color quality, high pixel rating, makes movies and more!
1	Excellent quality, high pixel rating, makes movies more!
1	Excellent color quality, high tone pixel rating, makes movies and more!
1	Excellent color, high rating, makes movies and more!
1	Excellent color quality, high pixel paygrade, earn movies and more!
1	Excellent color quality, high pixel movies, makes rating and more!
1	Excellent color quality, more pixel rating, makes movies and high!
1	Excellent color quality, high pixel rating, picture makes movies and more!
1	splendid color quality, high pixel scab, makes movies and more!
0	NONE
0	NONE
0	none NONE
0	none
0	ink guzzler...expensive in the long run
0	guzzler...expensive in the long run
0	ink guzzler...expensive in the long 
0	ink guzzler...expensive in the inward long run
0	ink guzzler...expensive in the long consort
0	ink guzzler...expensive in the long incline
0	ink guzzler...expensive run the long in
0	ink guzzler...expensive in the long inwards run
0	ink expensive...guzzler in the long run
1	Good quality, very easy, compact, fast file transfer.
1	Good, very easy, compact, fast file transfer.
1	Good libertine quality, very easy, compact, fast file transfer.
1	Good quality, very estimable easy, compact, fast file transfer.
1	fast quality, very easy, compact, Good file transfer.
1	Good quality, very easily, compact, fast file transfer.
1	Good quality, very easy, compact, tight file transfer.
1	Good quality, very easy, compact, file transfer.
1	Good quality, very compact, easy, fast file transfer.
0	Folding it can take some getting used to
0	Folding it can take some getting put-upon to
0	Folding it can take some getting to used
0	Folding it can take some used to
0	employ Folding it can take some getting used to
0	Folding it can lease some getting used to
0	Folding it can take IT some getting used to
0	Folding it can take used getting some to
0	Folding it take some getting used to
1	cost, picture quality
1	picture, cost quality
1	project cost, picture quality
1	depict cost, picture quality
1	cost, picture prime
1	quality, picture cost
1	cost, photograph quality
1	, picture quality
1	cost, quality
0	sound quality
0	sound quality
0	sound 
0	quality sound
0	sound timbre
0	strait sound quality
0	quality
0	sound prime
0	sound levelheaded quality
0	SLOW menus, bad buttons, limited memory.
0	SLOW menus, bad buttons, limited retention memory.
0	SLOW bad, menus buttons, limited memory.
0	behind menus, bad buttons, limited memory.
0	SLOW menus, bad buttons, limited.
0	bad menus, SLOW buttons, limited memory.
0	SLOW menus, speculative buttons, limited memory.
0	SLOW menus, buttons, limited memory.
0	clit SLOW menus, bad buttons, limited memory.
1	Bad battery life and freezes up.
1	Bad battery life and freezes living up.
1	unfit battery life and freezes up.
1	Bad battery freezes and life up.
1	battery life and freezes up.
1	Bad battery life freezes and up.
1	Bad battery living and freezes up.
1	Bad sorry battery life and freezes up.
1	Bad life and freezes up.
1	price and ease of use
1	price and ease relief of use
1	price and ease of toll use
1	terms and ease of use
1	price use ease of and
1	and price ease of use
1	price and ease use
1	price ease of use
1	toll and ease of use
1	Very sleek and small.  LOADS of features!
1	Very sleek and small.  loading of features!
1	LOADS sleek and small.  Very of features!
1	Very sleek and small.  oodles of features!
1	Very sleek and small.  of features!
1	Very sleek and small.  LOADS of gobs features!
1	Very and sleek small.  LOADS of features!
1	Very sleek and small.  LOADS features!
1	Very sleek and payload small.  LOADS of features!
0	Cannot easily change volume while talking.
0	Cannot easily volume change while talking.
0	Cannot easily change volume book while talking.
0	Cannot while change volume easily talking.
0	Cannot well easily change volume while talking.
0	Cannot easily exchange volume while talking.
0	Cannot change volume while talking.
0	Cannot easily change volume while tattle.
0	Cannot easily change volume while.
1	excellent value, does video clips, very easy to use, web cam capability
1	excellent value, video clips, very easy to use, web cam 
1	excellent value, does video, easy to use, web cam capability
1	first-class value, does video clips, very easy to employ, web cam capability
1	excellent value, does video jog clips, very easy to use, web cam capability
1	excellent value, does video clips, very to easy use, web cam capability
1	excellent prise, does video clips, very easy to use, vane cam capability
1	use value, does video clips, very easy to excellent, web cam capability
1	excellent expend value, does video clips, very easy to use, web cam capability
1	A heckuva deal for a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
1	A heckuva sell for a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
1	A heckuva deal for authentic a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
1	for heckuva deal A a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
1	A heckuva deal for a reliable, pressman unbulky laser printer.
1	A heckuva deal for a, unbulky laser printer.
1	A heckuva deal for a reliable, unbulky laser pressman.
1	deal heckuva A for a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
1	A deal for a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
1	Incredible photo quality, quiet operation, integrated memory card reader
1	Incredible photo quality, quiet surgery operation, integrated memory card reader
1	Incredible photo quality, card operation, integrated memory quiet reader
1	unbelievable photo quality, quiet operation, integrated memory card reader
1	Incredible photo quality, quiet, integrated memory card reader
1	Incredible photo quality, memory operation, integrated quiet card reader
1	Incredible photo integrate quality, quiet operation, integrated memory card reader
1	Incredible photo quality, quiet operation, integrated memory placard reader
1	Incredible photo quality, operation, integrated memory card reader
0	EVF hard to see through in dim light.
0	EVF hard to consider through in dim light.
0	EVF hard to see through in dim clear.
0	EVF hard to see in dim light.
0	EVF hard to see through dim light.
0	EVF hard to see through in dim done light.
0	EVF hard see to through in dim light.
0	EVF hard to see through in light dim.
0	EVF hard to see through unaccented in dim light.
1	good print quality
1	print good quality
1	prize good print quality
1	calibre good print quality
1	good print 
1	print quality
1	good mark quality
1	quality print good
1	undecomposed print quality
1	Fast, USB Support, Easy to use. 
1	Fast, USB Support, to use. 
1	Fast, USB Support, degenerate Easy to use. 
1	Fast, USB Support, firm Easy to use. 
1	Fast, USB stomach, Easy to use. 
1	Fast, USB Support, Easy use. 
1	Fast, USB use, Easy to Support. 
1	Fast, USB Support, easygoing to use. 
1	Fast, USB to, Easy Support use. 
1	Quality
1	Quality
1	lineament
1	choice
1	quality Quality
1	prime Quality
0	Ink remnants on some print jobs.
0	on remnants Ink some print jobs.
0	Ink remnants print some on jobs.
0	Ink remnants on some print job.
0	Ink on some print jobs.
0	Ink remnants on some print.
0	Ink remnants on ink some print jobs.
0	Ink remnants remainder on some print jobs.
0	ink remnants on some print jobs.
0	Slow Color Printing, Ink Use
0	Color Printing, Ink Use
0	Slow Color Printing, Ink consumption
0	Slow Printing, Ink Use
0	Slow Color Use, Ink Printing
0	Slow Color Ink, Printing Use
0	Slow Color Printing, Ink decelerate Use
0	Slow semblance Printing, Ink Use
0	Slow Color Printing, Ink discolor Use
0	Customer support
0	customer Customer support
0	support
0	Customer 
0	Customer support
0	Customer confirm support
0	support Customer
0	Customer indorse
0	Customer supporting
1	Extremely durable, looks fantastic, ultra compact and takes great pictures
1	Extremely ultra, looks fantastic, durable compact and takes great pictures
1	Extremely durable, looking fantastic, ultra compact and involve great pictures
1	passing durable, calculate fantastic, ultra compact and takes great pictures
1	Extremely durable, takes fantastic, ultra compact and looks great pictures
1	Extremely durable, looks fantastical fantastic, ultra compact and takes great pictures
1	Extremely durable, looks fantastic, ultra compact and takes undestroyable great pictures
1	Extremely durable,, ultra compact and takes great pictures
1	durable, looks fantastic, compact and takes great pictures
1	Low Price, Brand name and Reliability
1	Low Price, Brand depleted name and Reliability
1	Low Price, Brand name Reliability
1	Low Price, marque name and Reliability
1	modest Price, Brand name and Reliability
1	Low Price, constitute Brand name and Reliability
1	Low Price, Brand and Reliability
1	Low Price, Reliability name and Brand
1	Low Brand, Price name and Reliability
0	Slower and more expensive than 952C.
0	Slower wearisome and more expensive than 952C.
0	tedious and more expensive than 952C.
0	more and Slower expensive than 952C.
0	Slower and more expensive than More 952C.
0	sluggish and more expensive than 952C.
0	Slower and expensive than 952C.
0	Slower and expensive more than 952C.
0	Slower and more expensive 952C.
0	not very many
0	not non very many
0	non not very many
0	many very not
0	very many
0	not many very
0	not very many
0	not very 
0	Problems with color balance, automatic flash and shutter speed.
0	problem Problems with color balance, automatic flash and shutter speed.
0	speed with color balance, automatic flash and shutter Problems.
0	flaunt Problems with color balance, automatic flash and shutter speed.
0	Problems with color balance, automatic flash shutter and speed.
0	Problems with color balance, automatic flash shutter speed.
0	Problems with color balance, automatic flash and speed.
0	Problems with color balance, automatic flash and shutter race.
0	Problems with color balance, automatic trashy and shutter speed.
1	Effective combination of phone and PDA; you get what you pay for.
1	effective combination of phone and PDA; you aim what you pay for.
1	Effective combination and phone of PDA; you get what you pay for.
1	Effective combination of phone and PDA; you compounding get what you pay for.
1	Effective combination phone PDA; you get what you pay for.
1	Effective combination of phone and organiser; you acquire what you pay for.
1	Effective receive combination of phone and PDA; you get what you pay for.
1	Effective combination for phone and PDA; you get what you pay of.
1	Effective of phone and PDA; you get what you for.
1	Great pictures
1	Great see pictures
1	Great photograph
1	Great big pictures
1	Great pictures
1	Great 
1	Great depiction
1	pictures Great
1	pictures
0	doesn't have all the bells and whistles of fancier phones, no games or web browsing
0	doesn't have all the campana bells and whistles of OR fancier phones, no games or web browsing
0	punt doesn't have all the bells and whistles of fancier phones, no WWW games or web browsing
0	doesn't have all the browsing and of whistles fancier phones, no games or web bells
0	doesn't have all the and whistles of fancier phones, games or web 
0	doesn't have all the bells and whistles fancier, no games or web 
0	doesn't have all the bells and whistles of fancier sound, no games or net graze
0	doesn't have all the doorbell and pennywhistle of fancier phones, no punt or web browsing
0	bells have all browsing doesn't and whistles of fancier phones, no games or web the
1	Cheap, beautiful and fast printing and very very quiet
1	Cheap, beautiful and immobile printing and very very quiet
1	Cheap, beautiful and printing and very very quiet
1	and, beautiful and fast printing Cheap very very quiet
1	Cheap, beautiful and flying printing and very very quiet
1	Cheap, beautiful and fast and printing very very quiet
1	Cheap, impression beautiful and fast printing and very very quiet
1	Cheap, lull beautiful and fast printing and very very quiet
1	Cheap, beautiful fast printing and very very quiet
1	Double Sided Printing, High Speed, Many Print Options, Versatile
1	Double Sided Many, High Speed, Printing Print Options, Versatile
1	Double Sided Printing, High, Many Print Options, Versatile
1	Double Sided Printing, High upper, Many Print Options, Versatile
1	Double Sided side Printing, High Speed, Many Print Options, Versatile
1	Double Sided Printing, High Speed, Many Options Print, Versatile
1	Double Sided Printing, High Speed, versatile Many Print Options, Versatile
1	Double Sided Printing, High rush, Many Print Options, Versatile
1	Double Sided Printing, Speed, Many Print Options, Versatile
0	Low resolution, no optical zoom,  and eats batteries
0	and resolution, no optical zoom,  Low eats batteries
0	Low eats, no optical zoom,  and resolution batteries
0	Low resolution, no optical grub zoom,  and eats batteries
0	Low resoluteness, no optical zoom,  and eats batteries
0	Low resolution, no optical zoom,  and chow batteries
0	Low resolution, no optical zoom,  eats batteries
0	Low resolution, no optical zoom,  nobelium and eats batteries
0	Low resolution, no optical zoom,  and eats 
0	Extremely Poor Battery life, Ring tones cannot be heard, technical issues, cheap frame/cover.
0	Extremely Poor Battery life, Ring cannot be heard, technical, cheap frame/cover.
0	Extremely Poor Battery life, Ring tones cannot cover heard, technical issues, cheap frame/be.
0	Extremely Poor Battery life, halo tones cannot be heard, technical supply, cheap frame/cover.
0	Extremely misfortunate Battery life, Ring tones cannot be heard, technical issues, cheap frame/top.
0	tones Poor Battery life, Ring Extremely cannot be heard, technical issues, cheap frame/cover.
0	Extremely Poor Battery life, Ring tones cannot be heard, issues, cheap frame/.
0	Extremely Poor Battery life, Ring tones cannot emerge be heard, technical issues, cheap frame/cover.
0	Extremely Poor Battery life, Ring tones cannot be heard, beryllium technical issues, cheap frame/cover.
1	easy setup, crisp text, good graphics, good speed
1	easy setup, crisp text, good frosty graphics, good speed
1	easy setup, crisp, good graphics, good speed
1	easy setup, text, good graphics, good speed
1	easy setup, crisp text, good graphics, secure speed
1	easy setup, crisp text, secure graphics, good speed
1	easy setup, good text, crisp graphics, good speed
1	easy setup, terse crisp text, good graphics, good speed
1	text setup, crisp easy, good graphics, good speed
0	You'll want to pick up an accessory to transfer photo images faster.
0	want to pick up an accessory to photo images faster.
0	You'll want to pick up an accessory photograph to transfer photo images faster.
0	You'll to want pick up an accessory to transfer photo images faster.
0	You'll want an pick up to accessory to transfer photo images faster.
0	You'll want pick up an accessory to photo images faster.
0	You'll deprivation to picking up an accessory to transfer photo images faster.
0	You'll want to pick up an accessory to transfer wishing photo images faster.
0	You'll want to pick up an ancillary to channelise photo images faster.
0	battery dies without warning. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
0	battery dies without warning. inadequate poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
0	admonition battery dies without warning. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
0	dies without warning. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
0	battery dies without speakerphone. poor warning.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
0	battery dies warning. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
0	battery croak without warning. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
0	battery dies without exemplary. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
0	keyboard dies without warning. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive battery.
0	Weak flash, poor battery life
0	ostentate Weak flash, poor battery life
0	Weak garish, poor battery life
0	Weak fanfare, poor battery life
0	Weak flash, poor piteous battery life
0	Weak flash, life battery poor
0	Weak flash, battery poor life
0	Weak, poor battery life
0	flash, poor battery life
1	Light small
1	lightly small
1	unaccented Light small
1	Light small
1	modest Light small
1	small Light
1	Light 
1	lightness small
1	small
0	Short Battery Life, Long-Run Performance
0	curtly Battery Life, Long-Run Performance
0	Short Battery Life, Performance
0	Short Battery sprightliness Life, Long-Run Performance
0	Short Battery Life, Long-Run 
0	Short Performance Life, Long-Run Battery
0	Short bombardment Battery Life, Long-Run Performance
0	Short Battery Life, Long-Run performance
0	Performance Battery Life, Long-Run Short
1	Light weight,One handed folding,, Generous storage basket 
1	Light weight,One hand handed folding,, Generous storage basket 
1	Light weight,One handed folding,, Generous storage 
1	lightly weight,One handed folding,, Generous storage basket 
1	Light weight,One handed folding,, entrepot Generous storage basket 
1	Light weight,One reach folding,, Generous storage basket 
1	Light Generous,One handed folding,, weight storage basket 
1	Light weight,One handed basket,, Generous storage folding 
1	Light weight,One folding,, Generous storage basket 
0	Extra Batteries on hand?  Good!
0	Extra Batteries on handwriting?  Good!
0	hand Batteries on Extra?  Good!
0	on Batteries Extra hand?  Good!
0	pass Extra Batteries on hand?  Good!
0	Extra Batteries on hand?  unspoilt!
0	Extra Batteries on?  Good!
0	Batteries on hand?  Good!
0	Extra Batteries thoroughly on hand?  Good!
1	Cheap, decent photos, easy to use software.
1	meretricious, decent photos, easy to use software.
1	Cheap, decent photos, easy to use purpose software.
1	, decent photos, easy to use software.
1	tawdry, decent photos, easy to use software.
1	decent, Cheap photos, easy to use software.
1	photos, decent Cheap, easy to use software.
1	Cheap, photos, easy to use software.
1	Cheap, decent photos, easy to use package software.
1	Quality printing, decent speed, long-life/high output
1	Quality printing, decent quicken, long-life/high output
1	Quality printing, decent high, long-life/speed output
1	Quality printing, decent speed, long-life/speeding high output
1	printing, decent speed, long-life/high output
1	Quality printing, decent speed, long-life/high print output
1	Quality printing, decent speed, high/long-life output
1	Quality printing, decorous speed, long-life/high output
1	Quality printing, decent speed, long-life/ output
0	cost of ink
0	of ink
0	cost price of ink
0	price of ink
0	cost ink of
0	be of ink
0	cost of 
0	cost of ink
0	of cost ink
1	Prints, Scans, and Copies
1	Prints, scan Scans, and Copies
1	Prints, Scans, and skim Copies
1	Prints, Scans, Copies and
1	Prints, Scans, Copies
1	Prints, rake, and Copies
1	, Scans, and Copies
1	impress, Scans, and Copies
1	Scans, Prints, and Copies
0	See text below
0	infra See text below
0	below text See
0	See below text
0	See below
0	See text 
0	visualize See text below
0	realize text below
0	consider text below
1	Small and portable, soft amber light is amazing.  Good battery life.
1	Small and portable, soft amber light is amazing.  Good equal battery life.
1	small-scale and portable, soft amber dismount is amazing.  Good battery life.
1	Small and portable, soft amber light is stupefy amazing.  Good battery life.
1	Small life portable, soft amber light is amazing.  Good battery and.
1	Small and portable, soft amber battery is amazing.  Good light life.
1	Small and portable, soft amber light is amazing.  battery.
1	Small portable, soft light is amazing.  Good battery life.
1	Small and portable, soft amber lightness is vex.  Good battery life.
1	Rugged, dependable, fast printing for complex jobs
1	impression Rugged, dependable, fast printing for complex jobs
1	Rugged, dependable, fast printing for composite complex jobs
1	, dependable, fast printing for complex jobs
1	Rugged, dependable, complex printing for fast jobs
1	Rugged, secure, fast printing for complex jobs
1	Rugged, dependable, fast printing jobs complex for
1	Rugged, dependable, profligate printing for complex jobs
1	Rugged, dependable, fast printing complex jobs
1	great product. does work w/XP.  
1	great product. does work w/.  
1	production great product. does work w/XP.  
1	great product. does turn w/XP.  
1	great product. does exercise w/XP.  
1	great product. does work capital w/XP.  
1	work product. does great w/XP.  
1	great. does work w/XP.  
1	great product. work does w/XP.  
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	phone decent A with some unique features!
1	A decent phone with some unique!
1	unique decent phone with some A features!
1	A decent phone with some unique sound features!
1	A decent phone some unique features!
1	A decent phone with some unequaled features!
1	axerophthol decent phone with some unique features!
1	A decent phone nice with some unique features!
0	battery usage
0	battery 
0	battery custom usage
0	battery usance
0	usage
0	battery usage
0	barrage usage
0	battery employment usage
0	usage battery
0	Lens barrel visible through optical viewfinder.
0	Lens barrel visible through viewfinder.
0	Lens visible barrel through optical viewfinder.
0	Lens barrel visible finder through optical viewfinder.
0	Lens barrel visible through visual viewfinder.
0	barrel visible through optical viewfinder.
0	bbl Lens barrel visible through optical viewfinder.
0	Lens barrel visible through opthalmic viewfinder.
0	through barrel visible Lens optical viewfinder.
0	Goes through batteries rather quickly.
0	batteries through Goes rather quickly.
0	quickly through batteries rather Goes.
0	Goes through batteries sooner rather quickly.
0	cristal through batteries rather quickly.
0	Goes through batteries rather speedily.
0	Goes through batteries rather.
0	Goes batteries rather quickly.
0	Goes through preferably batteries rather quickly.
0	interface seems a little buggy
0	interface a seems little buggy
0	interface seems short a little buggy
0	seems a little buggy
0	axerophthol interface seems a little buggy
0	interface seems a little loopy
0	interface seems a little 
0	interface seems a buggy little
0	interface seems a little roadster
1	Great picture quality
1	picture quality
1	timber Great picture quality
1	Great tone picture quality
1	peachy picture quality
1	quality picture Great
1	Great quality picture
1	Great picture 
1	Great picture timbre
1	easy and efficient/durable
1	easy and/durable
1	easy efficient/durable
1	easy and lasting efficient/durable
1	prosperous and efficient/durable
1	easy and durable/efficient
1	easy durable efficient/and
1	easy and leisurely efficient/durable
1	gentle and efficient/durable
1	Quality of photos; Ability to change aperature and shutter
1	photos of Quality; Ability to change aperature and shutter
1	Quality of photos; to change aperature and shutter
1	Quality of photos; Ability picture to change aperature and shutter
1	Quality of pic photos; Ability to change aperature and shutter
1	and of photos; Ability to change aperature Quality shutter
1	Quality of; Ability to change aperature and shutter
1	Quality of photos; ability to change aperature and shutter
1	select of photos; Ability to change aperature and shutter
0	low tones/rings
0	low scurvy tones/rings
0	low rings/tones
0	low timber/rings
0	humbled tones/rings
0	rings tones/low
0	low tones/
0	low tonus tones/rings
0	tones/rings
1	Ease of use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Three separate color ink vials plus a black.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite.
1	Ease of use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Three separate color ink vials plus a black.&amp;#13;&thirteen amp;#angstrom 10;Quite.
1	Ease of use.&;#13;&amp;#;Three separate color ink vials plus a black.&;#;&amp;#10;Quite.
1	.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Three separate color vials plus a black.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite.
1	Ease of usance.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;trinity disjoined color ink vials plus a black.&amp;#13;&amp;#X;Quite.
1	Ease of consumption.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;trio separate color ink phial plus a blackened.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite.
1	Ease of use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Three separate color ink vials Quite a black.&amp;#amp;&13;#10;plus.
1	Ease of use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Three separate color ink informality vials plus furcate a black.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite.
1	Ease of color.&Quite;#13;&amp;#10;Three separate use ink vials plus a black.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;amp.
1	Inexpensive, high quality, features
1	Inexpensive, high quality, 
1	features, high quality, Inexpensive
1	high, Inexpensive quality, features
1	inexpensive Inexpensive, high quality, features
1	choice Inexpensive, high quality, features
1	Inexpensive, high choice, features
1	Inexpensive, high quality, sport
1	Inexpensive, high, features
1	Easy to set up and use. Great quality photos.
1	Easy to set up and use. quality photos.
1	to set up and use. Great quality photos.
1	Easy to localise up and use. Great quality photos.
1	set to Easy up and use. Great quality photos.
1	Easy to dictated up and use. Great quality photos.
1	Easy to set up loose and use. Great quality photos.
1	Easy bent to set up and use. Great quality photos.
1	photos to set up and use. Great quality Easy.
0	Takes a bit to warm up, makes a lot of noise
0	Takes a bit to warm act up, makes a lot of noise
0	Takes a bit to warm, a lot of noise
0	Takes a bit to amp warm up, makes a lot of noise
0	take a bit to warm up, nominate a lot of noise
0	Takes a bit up warm to, makes a lot of noise
0	film a bit to warm up, have a lot of noise
0	Takes a bit to warm up, makes a of lot noise
0	Takes bit to warm up, makes a lot noise
0	Pathetic Keyboard lock, lousy battery life, vulnerable antenna, no vibrator.
0	Pathetic Keyboard battery, lousy lock life, vulnerable antenna, no vibrator.
0	Pathetic Keyboard lock, lousy battery life, vulnerable, no.
0	Pathetic Keyboard, lousy life, vulnerable antenna, no vibrator.
0	Pathetic Keyboard lock, ringlet lousy battery life, vulnerable antenna, no vibrator.
0	Pathetic Keyboard lock, life battery lousy, vulnerable antenna, no vibrator.
0	Pathetic Keyboard whorl, lousy battery life, vulnerable feeler, no vibrator.
0	Pathetic Keyboard lock, lousy battery life, vulnerable ringlet antenna, no vibrator.
0	Pathetic Keyboard lock, stinking battery living, vulnerable antenna, no vibrator.
0	No extras
0	extras
0	No extra
0	extras No
0	No supernumerary
0	supernumerary No extras
0	No 
0	No duplicate extras
0	No extras
0	hard to push, turn, small seating, small basket...
0	hard to push,, small seating, small basket...
0	to hard push, turn, small seating, small basket...
0	handbasket hard to push, turn, small seating, small basket...
0	hard to lowly push, turn, small seating, small basket...
0	hard turn push, to, small seating, small basket...
0	hard to push, turn, small seating, little basket...
0	hard to push, turn, small seating, basket...
0	firmly to push, turn, small seating, small basket...
0	None worth highlighting.
0	None worth Worth highlighting.
0	highlight None worth highlighting.
0	None deserving highlighting.
0	worth None highlighting.
0	None highlighting.
0	None highlighting worth.
0	None worth spotlight.
0	None worth.
1	Small, 3X Optical/9X digital zoom, Quicktime Movie mode, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
1	pocket-sized, 3X Optical/9X digital zoom, Quicktime picture mode, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
1	belittled, 3X optic/9X digital zoom, Quicktime Movie mode, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
1	Small, Optical/9X digital zoom, Quicktime Movie, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
1	Small, 3X Optical/9X digital zoom, soar Quicktime Movie mode, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
1	Small, 3X Optical/9X digital zoom, Quicktime Movie mode, Megapixel, 2.1 USB
1	Small, 3X Optical/9X digital low zoom, Quicktime Movie mode, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
1	Megapixel, 3X Optical/9X digital zoom, Quicktime Movie mode, USB, 2.1 Small
1	Small, 3X Optical/ digital zoom, Quicktime Movie mode, USB, 2. Megapixel
0	No Bluetooth..aargh!
0	No Bluetooth..!
0	Bluetooth No..aargh!
0	Bluetooth..aargh!
0	No Bluetooth..no aargh!
0	no Bluetooth..aargh!
0	No aargh..Bluetooth!
0	No nobelium Bluetooth..aargh!
0	nobelium Bluetooth..aargh!
0	Battery life, included memory, does not use standard batteries, larger zOOM?
0	Battery life, included memory, does not exercise standard batteries, big zOOM?
0	Battery included, life memory, does not use standard batteries, larger zOOM?
0	Battery life, included memory, does not use, larger zOOM?
0	Battery life, included memory, does criterion not use standard batteries, larger zOOM?
0	Battery life, does memory, included not use standard batteries, larger zOOM?
0	Battery life, included memory, does use standard, larger zOOM?
0	Battery life, included memory, does not use standard admit batteries, larger zOOM?
0	Battery liveliness, include memory, does not use standard batteries, larger zOOM?
0	Color not as good with cheap paper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized paper.
0	Color not good with paper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized paper.
0	Color not as good with cheap paper. Inconsistent newspaper handling of odd-sized paper.
0	Color not as good with tacky newspaper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized paper.
0	Color not as good with cheap thoroughly paper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized paper.
0	Color not as goodness with brassy paper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized paper.
0	Color not odd-sized good with cheap paper. Inconsistent handling of as paper.
0	Color not Inconsistent good with cheap paper. as handling of odd-sized paper.
0	Color not as good with cheap paper. handling odd-sized paper.
1	Everything
1	Everything
0	Speakerphone quality and volume control could be better
0	Speakerphone quality and volume control could be dependable
0	Speakerphone quality and volume could be better
0	Speakerphone quality and volume insure control could be better
0	quality Speakerphone and volume control could be better
0	Speakerphone quality and control volume could be better
0	Speakerphone manipulate quality and volume control could be better
0	Speakerphone quality volume control could be better
0	Speakerphone quality and mass control could be better
1	Ease of use, quality of photos, more than adequate software
1	Ease of exercise, quality of photo, more than adequate software
1	Ease of quality, use of photos, more than adequate software
1	Ease of, quality photos, more than adequate software
1	Ease expend of use, quality of photos, more than adequate software
1	Ease of use, character of photos, more than passable software
1	Ease package of use, quality of photos, more than adequate software
1	of use, quality of, more than adequate software
1	Ease quality use, of of photos, more than adequate software
1	Image quality, low cost cds,long life battery
1	farseeing Image quality, low cost cds,long life battery
1	ikon quality, low cost cds,long life battery
1	Image dispirited quality, low cost cds,long life battery
1	double quality, low cost cds,long life battery
1	Image quality, low battery cds,long life cost
1	quality, low cost cds,long life battery
1	Image quality, cost cds,long life battery
1	Image quality, low cds cost,long life battery
0	Camera size is too big, many features that beginners don't use
0	is too big, many features that beginners don't use
0	features size is too big, many Camera that beginners don't use
0	Camera size is too big, many beginners don't use
0	Camera size is too big, use features that beginners don't many
0	Camera size is too comprise big, many features that beginners don't use
0	Camera size is too big, many features that beginners don't boast use
0	Camera size is too liberal, many features that beginners don't utilize
0	Camera size is too large, many features that beginners don't employment
0	No flash, poor pictures, and you can't see the pics until you download.
0	envision No flash, poor pictures, and you can't see the pics until you download.
0	No flash, poor pictures, and you can't see pics until download.
0	No poor, flash pictures, and you can't see the pics until you download.
0	No flash, poor you, and you can't see the pics until pictures download.
0	No flash, poor pictures, and you can't see the visit pics until you download.
0	No flash, poor picture, and you can't watch the pics until you download.
0	No flash, poor pictures, and you can't see the pics you.
0	No flash, short icon, and you can't see the pics until you download.
0	Shutter Lag
0	Lag Shutter
0	Shutter Lag
0	Shutter shutter Lag
0	Lag
0	Shutter gaol Lag
0	Shutter stave
0	Shutter 
0	Shutter meanwhile
0	Frequent ink cartridge replacement, messy prints, and frequent problems
0	Frequent ink cartridge replacement, messy prints, and frequent 
0	Frequent ink cartridge replacement, messy prints, problem and frequent problems
0	Frequent ink cartridge replacement, messy mark, and frequent problems
0	Frequent ink and replacement, messy prints, cartridge frequent problems
0	Frequent ink cartridge problems, messy prints, and frequent replacement
0	Frequent ink cartridge replacement, prints, and frequent problems
0	Frequent ink cartridge replacement, messy prints, and surrogate frequent problems
0	Frequent ink cartridge replacement, messy publish, and frequent problems
1	Easy to use
1	Easy use
1	use to Easy
1	Easy to purpose use
1	Easy use to
1	slowly to use
1	Easy to consumption
1	to use
1	Easy exercise to use
0	Different shape, $$
0	shape Different, $$
0	Different influence, $$
0	shape, $$
0	mould Different shape, $$
0	Different different shape, $$
0	Different, $$
0	Different shape, $$
0	Different conformation, $$
0	Not cheap, sound could be better, magnet-based flip open, prone to smudges and scratches
0	Not cheap, sound could be better, magnet-based flip open, prone salutary to smudges and scratches
0	Not cheap, sound could be riff better, magnet-based flip open, prone to smudges and scratches
0	Not flash, sound could be better, magnet-based flip open, prone to slur and scratches
0	Not cheap, sound could be better, magnet-based flip, prone to smudges scratches
0	Not cheap, magnet-based could be better, sound flip open, prone to smudges and scratches
0	Not gaudy, sound could be better, magnet-based flip open, prone to smudges and slit
0	and cheap, sound could be better, magnet-based flip open, prone to smudges Not scratches
0	cheap, sound be better, magnet-based flip open, prone to smudges and scratches
1	Tiny, extremely lightweight, feature-packed
1	Tiny, passing lightweight, feature-packed
1	Tiny, passing extremely lightweight, feature-packed
1	, extremely lightweight, feature-packed
1	Tiny, lightweight extremely, feature-packed
1	lilliputian, extremely lightweight, feature-packed
1	lightweight, extremely Tiny, feature-packed
1	passing Tiny, extremely lightweight, feature-packed
1	Tiny, extremely, feature-packed
1	fast, save on developing
1	fast, save developing
1	fast, save on arise
1	fast, save on salve developing
1	fast, developing on save
1	fast, save on formulate
1	fast, save economize on developing
1	on, save fast developing
1	, save on developing
0	Does not light up
0	Does luminousness not light up
0	Does not unaccented up
0	up not light Does
0	not light up
0	Does not up
0	light not Does up
0	Does not perch up
0	upward Does not light up
1	Excellent pictures, great battery life, ease of use
1	Excellent pictures, ease battery life, great of use
1	Excellent pictures, great battery, ease of use
1	pictures Excellent, great battery life, ease of use
1	Excellent pictures, great battery life, ease comfort of use
1	Excellent pictures, outstanding battery life, ease of use
1	Excellent pictures, great battery life, ease of 
1	Excellent icon, great battery life, ease of use
1	Excellent pictures, see great battery life, ease of use
1	size, battery, voice dial, speakerphone
1	size, battery, voice dial, sizing speakerphone
1	size, battery, speakerphone dial, voice
1	size, bombardment, voice dial, speakerphone
1	size, battery, dial, speakerphone
1	speakerphone, battery, voice dial, size
1	size, battery, vocalism dial, speakerphone
1	, battery, voice dial, speakerphone
1	bombardment size, battery, voice dial, speakerphone
0	Battery Life when browsing, Bulky
0	Battery Life when shop, Bulky
0	Battery life-time when browsing, Bulky
0	Battery Life browsing, Bulky
0	when Life Battery browsing, Bulky
0	Battery Life browsing when, Bulky
0	Battery Life pasture when browsing, Bulky
0	Battery when browsing, Bulky
0	Battery battery Life when browsing, Bulky
0	Not a beginner's camera
0	Not a camera
0	not a beginner's camera
0	non a beginner's camera
0	adenine Not a beginner's camera
0	a Not beginner's camera
0	Not a beginner's 
0	beginner's a Not camera
0	Not a beginner's angstrom camera
0	$200 cost of phone
0	$200 cost phone
0	$200 phone of cost
0	$cc cost of phone
0	$200 cost phone of
0	$cost of phone
0	$200 ring cost of phone
0	$200 cost of be phone
0	$200 toll of phone
1	Great print quality. Stand alone copy feature is handy. 
1	Great print quality. Stand alone copy feature imitate is handy. 
1	Great print quality. is alone copy feature Stand handy. 
1	Great print quality. Stand alone copy feature is prize handy. 
1	bully print quality. Stand alone copy feature is handy. 
1	Great print quality. Stand alone feature is handy. 
1	Great print calibre. Stand alone copy feature is handy. 
1	Great print quality. feature alone copy Stand is handy. 
1	Great print quality. Stand alone copy is handy. 
1	Simple to use, Great Clarity and Color Reproduction
1	Simple to function, Great Clarity and Color Reproduction
1	Simple to use, Great Clarity role and Color Reproduction
1	Simple gravid to use, Great Clarity and Color Reproduction
1	Simple to use, Great Clarity and Color 
1	Simple to Color, Great Clarity and use Reproduction
1	Simple to use, enceinte Clarity and Color Reproduction
1	Simple to use, Great Clarity and Reproduction
1	Simple to Clarity, Great use and Color Reproduction
0	Text quality is less than exceptional, loud, fairly bulky
0	Text quality is less textbook than exceptional, loud, fairly bulky
0	is quality Text less than exceptional, loud, fairly bulky
0	Text quality is than exceptional, loud, fairly bulky
0	fairly quality is less than exceptional, loud, Text bulky
0	Text quality is less exceptional, loud, fairly bulky
0	Text quality is less than exceptional, LE loud, fairly bulky
0	text quality is less than exceptional, loud, fairly bulky
0	Text quality is less than prodigious, loud, fairly bulky
1	Small Size, Easy to Use, Good Picture
1	Small Size, Easy to Use, Good 
1	pocket-size Size, Easy to Use, Good Picture
1	Small Size, Easy to Use, humble Good Picture
1	Small proficient Size, Easy to Use, Good Picture
1	Small Size, Easy to, Good Picture
1	Small Good, Easy to Use, Size Picture
1	Small Size, Easy to Use, upright Picture
1	Small Picture, Easy to Use, Good Size
0	Made for a small child (in my opinion), bends easily
0	give for a small child (in my opinion), flexure easily
0	for a small child (in my opinion), easily
0	Made easily a small child (in my opinion), bends for
0	Made for a easy small child (in my opinion), bends easily
0	Made a small child (in my), bends easily
0	establish for a small child (in my opinion), crouch easily
0	Made for A a small child (in my opinion), bends easily
0	Made for a small bends (in my opinion), child easily
1	Many options/light weight/games/stores 99 names/numbers
1	Many/light weight/games/stores 99 names/numbers
1	Many options/light weight/games/stores 99 identify/numbers
1	Many options/many light weight/games/stores 99 names/numbers
1	Many options/light weight/stake/stores 99 names/numbers
1	Many options/light weight/games/stores names/numbers
1	Many options/light numbers/games/stores 99 names/weight
1	numbers options/light weight/games/stores 99 names/Many
1	burthen Many options/light weight/games/stores 99 names/numbers
1	Speed, Quality, noise Level
1	Speed,, noise Level
1	Speed, stratum Quality, noise Level
1	Quality, Speed, noise Level
1	Level, Quality, noise Speed
1	Speed, Quality, noise level
1	Speed, Quality, noise 
1	hotfoot, Quality, noise Level
1	Speed, point Quality, noise Level
0	Battery life, navigation, ringer not loud enough.
0	Battery life, navigation, ringer not gimcrack enough.
0	Battery life, navigation, ringer not loud.
0	Battery life-time, navigation, ringer not loud enough.
0	Battery life, navigation, loud not ringer enough.
0	Battery life, navigation, ringer loud enough.
0	navigation life, Battery, ringer not loud enough.
0	sufficiency Battery life, navigation, ringer not loud enough.
0	Battery flash life, navigation, ringer not loud enough.
1	10x zoom, Small size, Full manual mode, Driver-less connection
1	10x zoom, diminished size, Full manual mode, Driver-less connection
1	10x zoom, Small size, manual mode, Driver-less connection
1	10x Driver-less, Small size, Full manual mode, zoom connection
1	10x diminished zoom, Small size, Full manual mode, Driver-less connection
1	10x zoom, Small, Full manual mode, Driver-less connection
1	10x size, Small zoom, Full manual mode, Driver-less connection
1	10x whizz, Small size, Full manual mode, Driver-less connection
1	10x zoom, Small surge size, Full manual mode, Driver-less connection
1	Cute, small phone. Large, colorful screen. Good speakerphone. Easily fits into small purse or pocket.
1	Cute, small phone. Large, colorful test. honorable speakerphone. Easily fits into minuscule purse or pocket.
1	surgery Cute, small phone. Large, colorful screen. Good speakerphone. Easily fits into small purse lowly or pocket.
1	Cute, purse phone. Large, colorful screen. Good speakerphone. small fits into small Easily or pocket.
1	Cute, small phone. Large, colorful screen. Good speakerphone. fits small or pocket.
1	small, Cute phone. Large, screen colorful. Good speakerphone. Easily fits into small purse or pocket.
1	Cute, small safe phone. Large, colorful screen. Good scoop speakerphone. Easily fits into small purse or pocket.
1	Cute, pocket-size phone. Large, colorful riddle. thoroughly speakerphone. Easily fits into small purse or pocket.
1	, small., colorful screen. Good speakerphone. Easily fits into small purse or pocket.
1	Cheap, Fast Printing, Cheap Maintenance, fast USB!
1	Cheap, Fast Printing, Maintenance, fast USB!
1	dissolute Cheap, Fast Printing, Cheap Maintenance, fast USB!
1	Cheap, Fast Printing, Maintenance Cheap, fast USB!
1	Cheap, Fast Printing, flashy Maintenance, fast USB!
1	Cheap, Fast Printing, Cheap alimony, fast USB!
1	Cheap, Fast, Cheap Maintenance, fast USB!
1	Cheap, Fast Printing, fast Maintenance, Cheap USB!
1	publish Cheap, Fast Printing, Cheap Maintenance, fast USB!
1	Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, Good screen quality
1	Camera Quality, Mp3 camera Ringtones, Solid build, Good screen quality
1	Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, commodity screen quality
1	Good Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, Camera screen quality
1	Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid, Good screen quality
1	Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, screen quality
1	Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, goodness screen quality
1	Camera quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, Good screen Quality
1	Camera Quality, riddle Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, Good screen quality
0	Big, Noisey &amp; Ink Thirsty
0	AMP Big, Noisey &amp; Ink Thirsty
0	Big, A Noisey &amp; Ink Thirsty
0	Big, Noisey &A; Ink Thirsty
0	Big, Noisey &Ink; amp Thirsty
0	Big, Noisey &; Ink Thirsty
0	Thirsty, Noisey &amp; Ink Big
0	, Noisey &amp; Ink Thirsty
0	handsome, Noisey &amp; Ink Thirsty
1	NEVER HAVE TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR DEVELOPING
1	NEVER TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR DEVELOPING
1	NEVER take HAVE TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR DEVELOPING
1	NEVER HAVE TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR corrupt DEVELOPING
1	NEVER HAVE TO BUY film OR PAY FOR DEVELOPING
1	DEVELOPING HAVE TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR NEVER
1	OR HAVE TO BUY FILM NEVER PAY FOR DEVELOPING
1	NEVER HAVE TO BUY FILM PAY FOR DEVELOPING
1	NEVER HAVE TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR educate
1	interchangeable faces to match decor
1	interchangeable faces compeer to match decor
1	interchangeable faces equalise to match decor
1	interchangeable faces to oppose decor
1	interchangeable faces to check decor
1	decor faces to match interchangeable
1	interchangeable to match decor
1	to faces interchangeable match decor
1	interchangeable faces to match 
0	Slow; Consumes lots of memory and CPU from your PC; Works well only for Windows95/98
0	Slow; Consumes lots of memory and CPU your; Works well only for Windows95/
0	Slow; Consumes microcomputer lots of memory and CPU from your PC; Works well only for Windows95/xcviii 98
0	Slow; and lots of memory Works CPU from your PC; Consumes well only for Windows95/98
0	Slow; Consumes lots of memory CPU from PC; Works well only for/98
0	deadening; Consumes mint of memory and CPU from your PC; oeuvre well only for Windows95/98
0	Slow; Consumes lots of memory Works CPU from and PC; your well only for Windows95/98
0	slack; ware mess of memory and CPU from your PC; Works well only for Windows95/98
0	Slow; Consumes lots of memory and CPU from your PC; Works exhaust well only for good Windows95/98
0	Pricy and over-powered signal strength
0	Pricy and over-powered betoken strength
0	Pricy and over-powered strength
0	Pricy and over-powered indicate strength
0	Pricy and signal strength
0	over-powered and Pricy signal strength
0	Pricy and over-powered signal potency strength
0	Pricy and over-powered signaling signal strength
0	Pricy over-powered and signal strength
0	picture quality, terrible flash, terrible user-interface!!
0	picture quality, terrible flash, user-interface terrible!!
0	film quality, terrible flash, terrible user-interface!!
0	picture timbre quality, terrible flash, terrible user-interface!!
0	quality picture, terrible flash, terrible user-interface!!
0	picture quality, terrible flash, user-interface!!
0	picture quality, lineament terrible flash, terrible user-interface!!
0	picture, terrible flash, terrible user-interface!!
0	picture quality, fearful flash, terrible user-interface!!
0	Bad reception and VERY poor sound quality
0	Bad reception and VERY pitiable sound quality
0	Bad reception and VERY go poor sound quality
0	reception and VERY poor sound quality
0	Bad reception and VERY poor sound choice
0	Bad reception and VERY sound quality
0	Bad reception and tone VERY poor sound quality
0	Bad quality and VERY poor sound reception
0	Bad reception quality VERY poor sound and
0	Cost, flash, lens cover
0	Cost,, lens cover
0	Cost, cover, lens flash
0	Cost, flash, ostentate lens cover
0	Cost, flash, lens insure cover
0	Cost, flash, lens screening
0	Cost, flash, cover
0	Cost, lens, flash cover
0	Cost, flash, lens masking
1	none
1	none
0	Could have been a little more compact
0	Could have been a little more wad
0	small Could have been a little more compact
0	Could been a little more compact
0	Could been have a little more compact
0	compact have been a little more Could
0	Could have been a little angstrom more compact
0	Could have been a little more constrict
0	Could have been a more compact
