0	lens cap attached by string; easy to knock off accidentally leaving lens unprotected
0	lens ceiling attached by string; easy to knock off accidentally going lens unprotected
1	Easy to use, good pictures, reasonably priced
1	Easy to use, right pictures, reasonably priced
0	none for the money. 
0	none for the money. 
1	Weight, backlight, stylish design, quite a few improvements.
1	Weight, backlight, stylish design, rather a few improvements.
0	Made for a small child (in my opinion), bends easily
0	Made for a small fry (in my belief), bends easily
0	Side buttons pressed, switches to speaker, bad camera, quality, size limits, etc etc etc
0	Side buttons pressed, switches to talker, bad camera, quality, size limitation, etc etc etc
0	Extremely Poor Battery life, Ring tones cannot be heard, technical issues, cheap frame/cover.
0	Extremely Poor Battery life, phone tones cannot be heard, technical issues, cheap frame/enshroud.
1	Makes a good paperweight
1	Makes a secure paperweight
0	Comes with a too small memory stick.
0	Comes with a too small memory get.
1	Easy to use,Great pictures
1	Easy to use,Great impression
0	Cumbersome menu; washed-out LCD; tech support
0	awkward menu; washed-out LCD; tech support
1	Ease of setup, price, paper handling
1	rest of setup, price, paper handling
1	8cm CD recorder, light weight, 4 mp, tons of features, records video, and it's Sony!!
1	8cm CD recorder, dismount weight, 4 mp, heaps of feature, records video, and it's Sony!!
1	Excellent to handle.  Comfortable ride.  The canopy is perfect for those really sunny days.
1	Excellent to handle.  well-off ride.  The canopy is perfect for those very sunny days.
0	Speed, Build Quality
0	Speed, Build lineament
1	Excellent Quality, Cheap, easy to use
1	Excellent Quality, Cheap, loose to use
0	Numerous settings can be confusing to the casual user.
0	Numerous settings can be bedevil to the casual user.
0	Expensive ink, , Pictures don't last long
0	Expensive ink, , render don't last long
1	When it works it is fast, high quality and has a small desktop footprint
1	When it exploit it is quick, high quality and has a small desktop footprint
1	This printer does everything you could want.
1	This printer does everything you could neediness.
0	A bit flimsy
0	amp bit flimsy
1	Excellent color quality, high pixel rating, makes movies and more!
1	Excellent coloring quality, high pixel rating, gain movies and more!
1	Small Convenient Package
1	modest Convenient Package
1	Small, Light, Portable
1	low, Light, Portable
0	Doesnt come with rechargables.
0	Doesnt amount with rechargables.
0	does not play .mp3 files
0	does not manoeuvre .mp3 files
0	cost on the upper end of models
0	cost on the upper closing of models
0	image quality bad during low as well as too much light
0	image quality bad during small as well as too much igniter
1	great value at a low price
1	great value at a low cost
0	expensive small size cart.
0	expensive small size hale.
0	But try something as simple as attaching a protective UV Filter.
0	But assay something as uncomplicated as attaching a protective UV Filter.
1	Prints nicely and quickly, Affordable price
1	Prints nicely and quickly, Affordable cost
0	No Fax
0	no Fax
1	Separate color tanks
1	disunite color tanks
1	Good if you are rich
1	upright if you are rich
0	Cannot easily change volume while talking.
0	Cannot easily modification volume while talking.
1	VERY compact and awesome shell design
1	VERY compact and awesome shell figure
1	print quality, ease of use
1	print quality, ease of apply
1	Great quality, durable, relatively easy to use
1	smashing quality, durable, relatively easy to use
0	Bad reception
0	defective reception
0	detachable hood is a bit weird
0	detachable hood is a flake weird
0	Slight auto focus lag, kind of expensive.
0	Slight machine focus lag, kind of expensive.
0	Screen is hard to read.  No protective cover.
0	Screen is hard to read.  no protective cover.
1	A heckuva deal for a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
1	A heckuva manage for a reliable, unbulky laser printer.
0	Only 2x zoom
0	Only 2x whizz
0	Battery usage(without AC adapter), Zoom is not great.
0	Battery usage(without AC adapter), Zoom is not keen.
1	easy to use, good quality, good price
1	easy to use, good quality, upright price
0	Some menus are difficult to navigate
0	around menus are difficult to navigate
1	Great when it works, Great in handling multiple paper sizes.
1	Great when it exploit, Great in handling multiple paper size.
1	Cheap
1	meretricious
0	Batteries are expensive, you have to buy the AC adapter for $150 if you want one
0	barrage are expensive, you have to steal the AC adapter for $150 if you deficiency one
1	Price
1	damage
1	Amazing Printing Quality and Design
1	Amazing Printing Quality and project
1	price! usb hookup, simple setup, great when used with ink refiller sets
1	Price! usb hookup, simple apparatus, great when used with ink refiller sets
0	Folding it can take some getting used to
0	Folding it can acquire some getting used to
0	No support for anything but windows 9x
0	No defend for anything but windows 9x
1	Small, inexpensive, loaded with features, easy to use, good quality photos.
1	Small, inexpensive, loaded with features, easy to use, skilful tone photos.
1	Great phone, super great options worth the purchase
1	capital phone, super great options worth the purchase
0	Minor nozzle clogging issue in some situations
0	Minor nozzle clogging issue in some spot
1	good if you just want to put pictures on the internet. 
1	thoroughly if you just want to lay pictures on the internet. 
1	Bluetooth.  Style.
1	Bluetooth.  title.
0	more noise than the s45 (the s50's 4MP stablemate)
0	more interference than the s45 (the s50's 4MP stablemate)
0	horrible service, nothing but problems
0	horrifying service, nothing but problems
0	Not a very good printer when printing photos
0	Not a very full printer when printing photos
1	Sturdy, classy, shopping bag space, convenient for getting baby from carseat to stroller without disturbance.
1	hardy, classy, snitch bag space, convenient for sire baby from carseat to stroller without disturbance.
1	a very handy piece
1	a very Handy piece
1	High quality copies and low maintenance costs
1	gamy quality copies and low maintenance costs
1	quicktime video plus audio, 3.3 MP, top quality fit &amp; finish
1	quicktime video plus audio, 3.3 MP, lead quality correspond &amp; finish
1	great for casual users, nice features for price range, easy to use
1	large for casual users, decent features for price range, easy to use
0	Slow Color Printing, Ink Use
0	Slow Color Printing, Ink usage
1	Flexability, HP reliability
1	Flexability, horsepower reliability
0	Slightly big in size and weird number pad layout.
0	Slightly cock-a-hoop in size and weird number pad layout.
1	Good long lasting cell phone
1	Good yearn lasting cell phone
0	bad technology, programs not integrated- can't add appointment from database, need two hands to operate
0	badness technology, programs not integrated- can't total appointment from database, involve two hands to operate
0	6x Zoom Feature could be higher for the price.
0	6x Zoom Feature could be eminent for the price.
0	thirsty for ink  (not worse than other inkjets)
0	thirsty for ink  (not uncollectible than other inkjets)
0	no optical zoom
0	no visual zoom
0	Needs expensive paper to produce photo quality images
0	Needs expensive paper to produce photo calibre images
1	Quality
1	tone
1	Small size, great quality, accepts AA batteries.
1	Small size, dandy quality, accepts AA batteries.
0	none for what I wanted, but the reception is not as good as my 8500.
0	none for what iodine require, but the reception is not as full as my 8500.
0	Can't think of any cons
0	Can't think of any gyp
0	Power consumption; should be sold with the 'optional' power kit included.
0	tycoon consumption; should be sold with the 'optional' power outfit included.
1	Reliable, Good Phone
1	Reliable, right Phone
0	Cheap plastic which gives, including the flip; CHEAP Build qaulity
0	Cheap plastic which apply, including the flip; meretricious Build qaulity
1	this is a very user friendly camera.
1	this is a very exploiter friendly camera.
0	Low resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network sucks, can not be used on other networks.
0	small resolution, backlight prone-to-fail, Sprint network sucks, can not be apply on other networks.
0	Is there?
0	personify there?
0	Costly paper and ink, and not much paper to choose from by Epson
0	Costly paper and ink, and not much newspaper to select from by Epson
1	to me, none.
1	to me, none.
1	very easy to take great pictures
1	very easy to take great figure
1	Excellent photo quality printing
1	Excellent photo quality publish
1	price and ease of use
1	price and ease of employment
0	No Zoom, Software Stinks, Picture Transfer is S-L-O-W
0	No Zoom, software Stinks, Picture Transfer is S-L-O-W
0	Rechargable batteries almost a must; sometimes shifts to video mode unintentionally (due to dial placement)
0	Rechargable bombardment almost a must; sometimes shifts to video mode unintentionally (ascribable to dial arrangement)
1	wide  enough  to  drive and  make  calls
1	wide  enough  to  drive and  make  claim
1	Nice features
1	squeamish features
0	Easy to use
0	easygoing to use
0	Software bugs
0	Software beleaguer
0	Jams a lot; jams are difficult to re-start
0	Jams a heap; jams are difficult to re-start
0	Not for large businesses
0	Not for expectant businesses
1	Simple to use, Great Clarity and Color Reproduction
1	Simple to use, smashing Clarity and Color Reproduction
0	Hard to hold still ... That might just be me.
0	Hard to postponement still ... That might just be me.
1	Ultra cool, good resolution, excellent image quality, highly portable, uses AAA batteries
1	Ultra cool, good resolution, fantabulous icon quality, highly portable, uses AAA batteries
0	clip that holds stroller closed is tough.
0	clip that holds stroller closed is elusive.
1	Folding lens avoids scratching.  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
1	Folding lens nullify scratching.  Easy and accurate photo-taking.  Inexpesive.
1	Quality, Ease Of Use, Price, Software, Battery Life
1	timbre, Ease Of Use, Price, Software, Battery Life
1	Photo quality, ease of use, USB &amp; lens cap leash
1	Photo quality, facilitate of use, USB &amp; lens crownwork leash
1	10X zoom, 4 megapixels, great battery life , 
1	10X zoom, quaternary megapixels, great battery life , 
1	Color, fast, ease of use
1	Color, fast, ease of utilization
0	Problems with color balance, automatic flash and shutter speed.
0	Problems with color balance, automatic flash and shutter fastness.
1	Excellent software programs
1	Excellent software curriculum
0	A little heavy, just get the swivel clip.
0	A piddling heavy, just get the swivel clip.
0	Fixed-focus, delay between shots.
0	Fixed-focus, delay between crack.
1	superb pic quality, easy of use
1	superb pic quality, easy of practice
1	wonderful pictures, great battery life, easy to use
1	wonderful pictures, great battery life, tardily to use
1	great price
1	neat price
0	It is a little slow on printing!
0	It is a short slow on printing!
1	Great image quality, good text quality, fairly speedy
1	Great image quality, good text quality, pretty speedy
1	Small, 3X Optical/9X digital zoom, Quicktime Movie mode, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
1	minuscule, 3X Optical/9X digital zoom, Quicktime picture mode, USB, 2.1 Megapixel
0	A little noisy, large footprint, no bi-directional support with WIN XP
0	a short noisy, large footprint, no bi-directional support with WIN XP
1	Bad battery life and freezes up.
1	Bad battery animation and freezes up.
0	Nothing except when it grabs paper it scares you because of sudden noise.
0	null except when it grabs paper it scares you because of sudden resound.
0	High on radiation list, awkward cover release, smart card connection
0	High on radiation list, awkward masking waiver, smart card connection
1	easy and efficient/durable
1	well-situated and efficient/durable
1	easy to use, lcd preview/review screen, great pictures
1	slowly to use, lcd preview/review screen, great pictures
0	No fax, had to download a driver from some place else.
0	No telefax, had to download a driver from some lay else.
0	low resolution pictures are really not worth the effort.
0	dispirited resolution pictures are really not worth the effort.
0	does NOT support rechargeable batteries, short battery life, no lens cover
0	does NOT backing rechargeable batteries, shortstop battery life, no lens cover
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, compact
1	Inexpensive, well-to-do to use, compact
1	Easy to use, good interface&amp;#13;&amp;#10;great "gadget" appeal&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Easy to use, upright interface&amp;#13;&amp;#10;groovy "gadget" appeal&amp;#13;&amp;#tenner;
1	Price, speed, quality, ease of use/installation
1	Price, hurrying, quality, ease of use/installation
0	Expensive, I hope the costs of ink cartridges comes down soon.
0	Expensive, I hope the be of ink cartridges ejaculate down soon.
1	Lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Good value&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra fun
1	Lightweight&amp;#13;&amp;#10;expert assess&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Ultra fun
0	cost of ink cartridges
0	cost of ink cartridge
0	Lousy phone! Bad speakers, poor functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! Avoid this phone.
0	Lousy telephone! Bad speakers, poor functionality, not intuitive, JUNK, JUNK, JUNK! forfend this phone.
1	Small size, Zoom
1	small-scale size, Zoom
1	Easy to Use
1	light to Use
1	Quality of photos; Ability to change aperature and shutter
1	Quality of photos; ability to change aperature and shutter
0	no self-timer, lens cap or USB connection
0	no self-timer, lens cap or USB connective
1	Easy to install
1	tardily to install
0	expensive, power button confused with exposure button
0	expensive, power button disordered with exposure button
0	VERY Hard to Push/Control, Heavy, Huge
0	VERY Hard to Push/Control, sullen, Huge
1	Affordable, quick, stylish and, most importantly, great photo printing. Can't beat it for the price.
1	Affordable, quick, stylish and, most importantly, great photograph printing. Can't nonplus it for the damage.
1	well if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, display clarity, ringtone selection
1	easily if it weren't a lemon... voice activation, exhibit clarity, ringtone selection
1	Nice Styling and features
1	overnice Styling and features
1	easy to use, saves to disk
1	easy to purpose, saves to disk
0	Expensive, goes through ink pretty fast
0	Expensive, operate through ink pretty fast
1	3.34 megapixels, great lens, many modes, caters to amateurs and pros, crisp LCD screen
1	trio.34 megapixels, great Lens, many modes, caters to amateurs and pros, snappy LCD screen
0	Battery hog
0	Battery squealer
1	Excellent pictures, great battery life, ease of use
1	Excellent pictures, great battery life, ease of usage
1	great options
1	swell options
1	Fast Black and White printing
1	Fast Black and tweed printing
1	Inexpensive, high capacity, easy-to-use, lots of features
1	Inexpensive, mellow capacity, easy-to-use, lots of features
1	Good Camera
1	salutary Camera
0	too big for the home desktop, loud and noisy, draws a lot of power
0	too big for the home desktop, meretricious and noisy, attracter a lot of power
1	Fast, reliable, cheap, good quality output.
1	Fast, reliable, punk, good quality output.
0	Software Problems, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours spent with tech support
0	Software Problems, Hardware Problems, Printing Problems, Hours drop with tech accompaniment
1	Color screen,speaker phone,camera capability,and the web.
1	colourize screen,speaker phone,camera capability,and the web.
0	ink cost
0	ink toll
1	Compact, Feature laden, Great Zoom for size and reasonable price.
1	succinct, Feature laden, Great zoom for size and reasonable price.
1	Incredible photo quality, quiet operation, integrated memory card reader
1	Incredible photo quality, quiet operation, desegregate memory card reader
0	none
0	none
0	battery life is terrible, durability is a big ?????
0	battery life is fearful, durability is a big ?????
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to consumption
0	Confounding phone book, frequently doesn't connect calls, poor quality faceplate.
0	Confounding phone Bible, frequently doesn't link calls, poor quality faceplate.
0	Talk/Standby time less than optimal
0	blab/Standby time less than optimal
1	Takes good pictures
1	ask good pictures
0	Adding paper could be easier
0	Adding paper could be comfortable
1	price value style
1	price value panache
0	You'll want to pick up an accessory to transfer photo images faster.
0	You'll want to pick up an accessory to transfer picture images truehearted.
1	Inexpensive~~easy to use
1	Inexpensive~~well-to-do to use
1	Price, ease of use
1	Price, ease of utilisation
0	compact size sometimes a problem, can have battery door problems
0	compendious size sometimes a problem, can have barrage door problems
1	Easy to use, compact in size, instructions are easy to understand
1	Easy to use, compact in size, statement are slow to understand
1	Camera is so user friendly. Has all the options. 
1	Camera is so user friendly. induce all the options. 
0	As stated above, the phone has really no cons.
0	As stated above, the phone has really no defraud.
0	low battery life, not very loud
0	low battery life, not very aloud
1	great pictures, fast downloads, nice camera body, customer support
1	great photo, fast downloads, nice camera body, customer support
1	Excellent design, ergonomic, good battery life, well designed menu.
1	Excellent design, ergonomic, good battery life, well designed card.
1	Great Photos/Floppy Storage
1	Great Photos/Floppy storage
0	Cheap- junky.  Spend $50 more and get something A LOT better!
0	Cheap- junky.  pass $50 more and get something A LOT adept!
0	It frustrates me often, cartridges are ridiculously expensive
0	It cross me often, cartridges are ridiculously expensive
0	Slightly slow for color
0	Slightly slow for discolour
1	Compact, MACRO Imaging, Ease of Operation
1	wad, MACRO Imaging, Ease of Operation
0	Battery life, included memory, does not use standard batteries, larger zOOM?
0	Battery biography, included memory, does not use standard batteries, big zOOM?
1	Wonderful Printer, one of the best for photos... lives up to the name!
1	terrific Printer, one of the dear for photos... lives up to the name!
1	Excellent quality printing, I prefer it to any other...
1	Excellent lineament printing, I prefer it to any other...
1	It is fast and accurate.
1	It is quick and accurate.
1	Has all Palm functions; interesting conversation piece
1	Has all Palm purpose; interesting conversation piece
0	Can't find any cons!
0	Can't observe any cons!
0	Price
0	price
1	Ease of use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Three separate color ink vials plus a black.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Quite.
1	Ease of use.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;three furcate color ink vials plus a mordant.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;quite.
1	User Friendly!
1	exploiter Friendly!
0	doesn't have all the bells and whistles of fancier phones, no games or web browsing
0	doesn't have all the bells and whistles of fancier sound, no game or web pasture
1	Easy to use, takes GREAT pictures, full of features.
1	Easy to use, takes GREAT depiction, full of features.
1	Easy to use, works at night, mpeg movie recording, size, memory works well with VAIO.
1	prosperous to role, works at night, mpeg movie recording, size, retentivity works well with VAIO.
1	all in one, great space saver...
1	all in one, cracking space saver...
1	Tri-Band, Small, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery Life, Highly Expandable
1	Tri-Band, minuscule, Slim, Lightweight, Excellent Interface, Bluetooth, WAP, GPRS, Excellent Battery life-time, Highly Expandable
1	Simplicity in operation, cost, and print quality
1	Simplicity in operation, cost, and print timber
0	occasional fuzzy spots
0	occasional fuzzy berth
1	Easy to set up and use. Great quality photos.
1	Easy to hardened up and use. Great quality photos.
1	4MP, f2.0 3x zoom, excellent battery life, tilt/swivel LCD, 32 MB CF card.
1	4MP, f2.cypher 3x zoom, excellent battery life, tilt/swivel LCD, 32 MiB cf. card.
0	This kind of performance doesn't come cheap
0	This kind of operation doesn't come cheap
1	Speed, Quality, noise Level
1	speed, Quality, noise Level
1	Price, Speed, Cost of Maintenance, Performance
1	Price, Speed, Cost of maintenance, Performance
0	Not as fast as fast as I had hoped.
0	Not as fast as riotous as I had hoped.
1	Rugged, good display, great integration of phone and Palm PDA.
1	Rugged, respectable display, neat integration of phone and Palm PDA.
1	Big color screen, decent battery life, cool look.
1	Big semblance screen, decent battery life, cool look.
1	vivid color pictures, sharp text
1	vivid color pic, sharp text
1	Dozens of features, competitive price, SmartMedia capability, a camera for every environment!
1	gobs of features, competitive cost, SmartMedia capability, a camera for every environment!
0	speed, uses a lot of ink
0	speed, uses a circle of ink
1	Takes great pictures
1	Takes great image
1	Well built reasonably priced dual mode phone. Has lasted me nearly two years.
1	Well built reasonably priced dual mode phone. hold lasted me nearly II years.
0	sensitive to motion in low light
0	sensitive to motility in low light
0	Low battery life compared to other phones I've owned.
0	Low battery life liken to other phones I've owned.
0	None so far, really !
0	None so ALIR, really !
0	Poor indoor photo quality. Especially the flash and white balance.  Battery life.
0	Poor indoor photo quality. Especially the flash and white residue.  Battery sprightliness.
0	N/A
0	N/axerophthol
1	Excellent size, good integration, stable
1	Excellent size, estimable integration, stable
0	No optical zoom, slow shutter speed, short battery life, USB would be nice
0	No optical zoom, slow shutter speed, short battery aliveness, USB would be squeamish
0	Unavailability of service in areas
0	Unavailability of service in area
0	Earpiece Volume Low Compared To Other Models, Relatively Small Display
0	Earpiece Volume moo Compared To Other Models, Relatively lowly Display
0	No web access. :(
0	No vane access. :(
1	Simple, easy to use, no additional equipment to buy.
1	unproblematic, easy to use, no additional equipment to buy.
1	Everything
1	Everything
1	cost, picture quality
1	cost, visualize quality
0	un-clear printing quality
0	un-clear printing timber
0	Different shape, $$
0	Different mould, $$
1	Great photo prints
1	Great photo publish
1	Features, Battery Life, Portability, Robustness
1	Features, shelling Life, Portability, Robustness
1	Has everything I need in a phone and  more
1	Has everything I pauperization in a phone and  more
1	Looks nice, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
1	looking courteous, very convenient, a Palm Pilot and phone in one, real Web Browser!
1	excellent image quality, easy to use, optical and digital zoom, remote control
1	excellent ikon tone, easy to use, optical and digital zoom, remote control
1	cost
1	toll
0	Small buttons which could be troublesome for large fingers
0	Small push which could be troublesome for large fingers
0	Keypad, camera and features suck. Bluetooth basic. Size is bigger than most phones.
0	Keypad, camera and features draw. Bluetooth basic. sizing is bigger than most phones.
0	Disconnected on lengthy calls, but good for someone who isn't on all the time.
0	scattered on lengthy calls, but serious for someone who isn't on all the time.
1	Very good print quality for text, graphics and photos.
1	Very safe print quality for text, graphics and photos.
1	2xAAs,USB,NTSC Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic lense cover,aluminium case
1	2xAAs,USB,NTSC Videos-sound, Semi pro, automatic lense incubate,aluminium character
1	Color Screen, Price
1	colour Screen, Price
0	Speakerphone is not a great quality
0	Speakerphone is not a corking quality
0	poor standard battery life
0	poor standard battery animation
1	Love the price I got it at! - FREE! :)&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
1	Love the price I have it at! - gratis! :)&ampere;#13;&amp;#10;Handy as heck for snapshots.
0	non downloadable tones and no Internet
0	non downloadable tincture and no Internet
0	poor, poor reliability
0	poor, poor dependableness
0	$200 cost of phone
0	$200 cost of telephone
0	That it can sometimes get a little out of control
0	That it can sometimes stick a little out of verify
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	A decent phone with some unique lineament!
0	not-too-good sound quality for roaming calls, small buttons on the dialing pad
0	not-too-good heavy quality for roaming phone, small buttons on the dialing pad
0	cost of ink
0	be of ink
0	Cannot download ringers
0	Cannot download toller
1	New 3X Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;Point&amp;#146;n&amp;#146;Shoot&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode and Quick Review mode&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	New 3X Nikkor Zoom, &amp;#147;maneuver&amp;#146;n&amp;#146;snap&amp;#148; simplicity, Matrix Metering, CSM mode and Quick reexamination mode&amp;#13;&AMP;#X;
0	I don't like them
0	I don't alike them
0	Sucks ink like Dracula sucks blood.
0	wet-nurse ink like Dracula sucks blood.
0	Short batter life, slow transfers
0	Short slugger life, slow transfers
0	no camera case!
0	no camera encase!
1	The FinePix A101 is small, lightweight , and easy to use.  
1	The FinePix A101 is small, whippersnapper , and easy to habit.  
0	Speakerphone quality and volume control could be better
0	Speakerphone quality and volume control could be amend
1	comes in a nice box, breaks into pretty pieces when smashed
1	number in a nice box, breaks into pretty pieces when besotted
0	For the price of the product, none.  
0	For the cost of the product, none.  
1	Stylish, SLIM, classy looking
1	Stylish, SLIM, posh looking
1	Prints, Scans, and Copies
1	Prints, scan, and Copies
0	battery dies without warning. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
0	battery conk without warning. poor speakerphone.  ultra-sensitive keyboard.
1	excellent image quality, decent speed, good looking
1	excellent image quality, nice speed, good looking
0	Ink remnants on some print jobs.
0	Ink remnants on some print speculate.
0	No voice dial, I really miss that . . .
0	No voice dial, I truly miss that . . .
1	Great images, great features,great storage media, great battery, great features!
1	Great images, corking features,great storage media, great battery, peachy features!
0	Expensive ink.
0	expensive ink.
0	pricy, bigger than nokia 7650
0	pricy, cock-a-hoop than nokia 7650
1	Good Software feature
1	safe Software feature
0	Never a leader, it has fallen well behind the field in features and price.
0	Never a leader, it has fallen swell behind the airfield in features and price.
1	Very stylish, great features & is the ideal fashion accessory!
1	Very stylish, great feature & is the ideal fashion accessory!
0	2-megapixel, no Windows XP support, short battery-life, pokey connection, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no motion-capture.
0	2-megapixel, no Windows XP substantiate, little battery-life, pokey connecter, 8MB-CompactFlash, no image-editing software, no motion-capture.
1	small size, cool look, headset
1	minuscule size, cool look, headset
0	No USB port, no included Smartcard reader.
0	No USB port, no included Smartcard lecturer.
0	Battery &amp; software management are not as good newer models
0	Battery &amp; software management are not as serious newer sit
1	Sound quality.
1	strait quality.
0	Weak flash, poor battery life
0	Weak gaudy, poor battery life
0	Lacks some more advanced features, small memory card included, menu control button awkward to use
0	Lacks some more advanced features, small storage card included, menu curb clit awkward to use
1	Great quality with lots of features
1	peachy quality with lots of features
0	Frequent ink cartridge replacement, messy prints, and frequent problems
0	patronise ink cartridge replacement, messy prints, and frequent problems
0	Definitaly use  an Adapter
0	Definitaly use  an adaptor
0	Big, Noisey &amp; Ink Thirsty
0	vauntingly, Noisey &amp; Ink Thirsty
0	Software supplied does not seem very good
0	Software supplied does not seem very dependable
0	software
0	package
1	Useful cardboard box
1	Useful cardboard corner
0	Unless you want to be aggrevated, don't buy this phone
0	Unless you want to be aggrevated, don't purchase this call
0	customer service
0	customer serve
0	None
0	none
0	Still not a top quality printer.
0	Still not a top timber printer.
1	Analog/Digital Cell Phone with Camera, the Web and Games!
1	Analog/Digital Cell sound with Camera, the Web and plot!
0	none
0	none
1	Ease of use...great color, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads...Get It Now...battery, so far.
1	Ease of usance...expectant coloring, size....ease of menu...ease of downloads...Get It Now...battery, so far.
0	Text quality is less than exceptional, loud, fairly bulky
0	Text prime is less than exceptional, loud, fairly bulky
1	quality pictures
1	quality painting
1	Quick printing, looks nice, affordable, easy to use.
1	Quick printing, looks nice, affordable, easy to utilisation.
0	Poor video
0	misfortunate video
1	Size, display, easy controls
1	Size, display, easy operate
0	a lot, see my comments
0	a lot, look my comments
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when open, too many features
0	Battery life, lg phone size, flimsy when undetermined, too many sport
1	Great quality enlargements.
1	Great caliber enlargements.
1	Cheap, good print quality and usually efficient. Not to mention small.
1	Cheap, right print lineament and usually efficient. Not to mention small.
0	NO durability at all.
0	nobelium durability at all.
0	Extra Batteries on hand?  Good!
0	Extra Batteries on hand?  skillful!
1	great price for the excellent quality, ease-of-use
1	swell price for the excellent quality, ease-of-use
0	Slow
0	behind
1	BRILLIANT color, fast black, HP quality
1	superb color, fast black, HP quality
0	Weak flash, Not the best in &amp;quot;auto&amp;quot; low light
0	Weak flash, Not the ripe in &amp;quot;auto&amp;quot; lowly light
1	Beautiful design, Good reception, Holographic display
1	Beautiful purpose, Good reception, Holographic display
1	Quality &amp; price makes this worth the purchase.
1	Quality &amp; price hold this worth the purchase.
1	Rugged, dependable, fast printing for complex jobs
1	Rugged, honest, fast printing for complex jobs
0	Compatibility to windows xp, color not as sharp as other lexmark brands.
0	Compatibility to Windows xp, color not as abrupt as other lexmark brands.
1	Great reception, internet capable, Size,
1	gravid reception, internet capable, Size,
0	The large capacity color ink cartridge is $60+...
0	The large capacity colorise ink cartridge is $60+...
1	Easy to use, video clip feature, takes great snapshots
1	Easy to use, video lop feature, takes great snapshots
1	lightweight, affordable
1	jackanapes, affordable
0	Limited features, mediocre picture quality, low memory.
0	Limited features, mediocre picture quality, low storage.
1	Small without being too small, features, Lithium Battery, internet
1	Small without being too minor, features, Lithium Battery, internet
1	Resolution, ease of use
1	firmness, ease of use
1	Light small
1	brightness small
0	Requires to change cartridge for color/bw
0	postulate to change cartridge for color/bw
1	Being able to &amp;quot;contain&amp;quot; an active preschooler
1	Being able to &amp;quot;take&amp;quot; an combat-ready preschooler
0	Unreliable charger
0	Unreliable courser
0	Expensive!
0	expensive!
1	A nice phone that survived a complete wash cycle and hot dryer.
1	ampere nice phone that survived a concluded wash cycle and hot dryer.
1	Excellent print quality, fast, reliable, economy mode, Mac Serial, PC Parallel, and USB interfaces.
1	Excellent print quality, dissolute, reliable, economy mode, Mac Serial, PC parallel, and USB interfaces.
0	Mediocre battery life, Keypad response
0	mediocre battery life, Keypad response
0	Weak reception, No Vibrator Ringing
0	Weak reception, No Vibrator phone
1	great product. does work w/XP.  
1	great product. does employment w/XP.  
0	antenna suscepitble to breaking easily
0	antenna suscepitble to interrupt easily
1	interchangeable faces to match decor
1	standardised faces to match decor
1	Bluetooth Wireless Capability; Sleek, Durable Design
1	Bluetooth Wireless Capability; Sleek, indestructible Design
1	Ease, no developing, nice LCD display
1	Ease, no underdeveloped, nice LCD display
0	Difficulty with low light focusing, have to stop to focus, &amp;quot;Off&amp;quot; positioning
0	Difficulty with low faint focusing, have to quit to focus, &amp;quot;Off&AMP;quot; positioning
0	Doesn't maneuver well.  Gets stuck open or closed.   Price.
0	Doesn't maneuver well.  stimulate stuck open or closed.   Price.
1	fast, standalone, powerful
1	fast, standalone, sinewy
0	inability to upgrade the OS, monochrome screen, no sd, cf or bluetooth
0	inability to upgrade the OS, monochrome sieve, no sd, cf. or bluetooth
0	bad reception
0	unsound reception
1	Easy to operate, good quality outdoor pictures, sliding lens cover
1	sluttish to operate, near quality outdoor pictures, sliding lens cover
1	light weight, AIM, Yahoo features, compact design!
1	light weight, AIM, Yahoo features, compress design!
0	No games were included with phone, Nick had to download a few.
0	No gage were included with phone, nick had to download a few.
0	Goes through batteries rather quickly.
0	choke through batteries rather quickly.
1	Immediate gratification, Powerful zoom, floppy storage.
1	Immediate gratification, knock-down zoom, floppy storage.
1	Nice and compact
1	Nice and pack
0	grainy photos
0	grainy exposure
0	None
0	none
0	Paper curls.
0	Paper curlicue.
0	Very pricey
0	Very dear
0	poor mpeg movie quality
0	poor MPEG movie quality
1	Price, After Market ink, Speed
1	Price, After grocery ink, Speed
0	Loud sound, sometimes too loud, numbers and letters on keypad are blurry with backlighting
0	Loud audio, sometimes too loud, numerate and letters on keypad are blurry with backlighting
0	Crappy "feel" due to cheap detailing, like a plastic toy really. Poor ergonomic design.
0	Crappy "feel" due to cheap detailing, like a plastic flirt really. Poor ergonomic intention.
1	Great reception, easy to learn how to use.
1	great reception, easy to learn how to use.
0	Rather heavy and big
0	Rather heavy and vauntingly
0	None worth highlighting.
0	None worth foreground.
0	In it's class it has none.
0	In it's category it has none.
1	Ease of general use; compact size; good quality pictures for the price
1	relief of general use; compact size; respectable quality pictures for the price
0	Battery life, Zoom could be better, Switch on Back falls off
0	Battery life, Zoom could be considerably, flip-flop on Back falls off
0	Short Battery Life, Long-Run Performance
0	Short Battery lifespan, Long-Run Performance
1	Quality printing, decent speed, long-life/high output
1	Quality printing, decent quicken, long-life/high output
1	Good connectivity and sound, good keypad.  A solid choice if you want a no-nonsense phone.
1	adept connectivity and profound, practiced keypad.  A solid choice if you want a no-nonsense phone.
0	none really
0	none truly
1	Easy to use, price is right, saves you money in the long run if you love to take pictures.   
1	Easy to purpose, price is flop, saves you money in the long run if you love to postulate pictures.   
1	Cheap, Printing in black and white is fairly good
1	garish, Printing in black and white is fairly good
1	price and 8 megs of memory
1	price and octet megs of memory
1	Easy assembly, great ride, &amp; affordable.
1	loose assembly, great ride, &amp; affordable.
1	good print quality
1	good print calibre
1	Multi-Purpose, Ease of use, Great Photo &amp;amp; Extremely Quiet when printing
1	Multi-Purpose, Ease of utilise, Great Photo &amp;amp; Extremely placidity when printing
0	Only one game
0	Only I game
1	Easy to set up out of box, functionality plus,for the price. No jams.
1	Easy to plant up out of box, functionality plus,for the price. No pack.
0	Little bulky, not much memory.
0	short bulky, not much memory.
0	Flimsy, poor reception, hard to read.
0	Flimsy, poor reception, hard to learn.
0	Nothing.
0	zero.
0	Poor address book searching, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, blankenned button function screen
0	Poor address book search, poor voice quality, no power-on indicator, blankenned button function concealment
0	Could have been a little more compact
0	Could have been a little more squeeze
1	software is pretty good
1	software is pretty undecomposed
0	Price, Also having to initialize each CD and Then Finalize before removing.
0	cost, Also having to initialize each CD and Then Finalize before slay.
0	Lens cap can be bothersome
0	Lens crownwork can be bothersome
0	No optical zoom, port covers flimsy, flash needs recharging time, limited options
0	No optical zoom, port handle flimsy, ostentation needs recharging time, limited options
0	price; lack of view finder
0	price; lack of see finder
1	1200 dpi&amp;#13;&amp;#10;microfine toner
1	1200 dpi&A;#13;&amp;#10;microfine toner
0	tends to bend cheap light weight paper when starting a print job
0	tends to bend sleazy illuminate weight paper when starting a print job
0	price,no longevity, sound quality
0	price,no longevity, voice quality
1	size, appearance, and features.  A winner.
1	sizing, appearance, and features.  A winner.
0	Bad quality finish. Poor connector to the charger. Drops calls after 15 minutes.
0	Bad quality refinement. Poor connector to the charger. Drops birdsong after 15 minutes.
1	High Resolution, Zoom Capabilities, and User Friendly Camera Manual Instructions and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and Charger
1	High resolution, Zoom Capabilities, and User Friendly Camera Manual instruction and   NI-MH rechargeable battery and charger
1	Size, Weight, Simple to use, 
1	Size, Weight, Simple to utilization, 
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, Quick Time video with sound, light-weight and compact
1	Idiot-proof, plug-n-play software, Quick Time video with fathom, light-weight and bundle
1	quality of documents are very impressive
1	timber of documents are very impressive
1	Value priced, great print quality, quiet, easy to install and use.
1	Value priced, great print quality, calm, easy to install and practice.
1	Very stylish, light weight, durable, external antenna for better signal.
1	Very stylish, abstemious weight, durable, external antenna for salutary signal.
0	Did not load pictures to PC. Power monster. Display must be On during loading.
0	Did not incumbrance pictures to PC. king monster. Display must be On during loading.
1	Great Design
1	neat Design
0	Not the smallest camera on the market
0	Not the minuscule camera on the market
1	Low Price, Professional-Looking Documents
1	low-toned Price, Professional-Looking Documents
0	too many to list
0	too many to heel
1	Laden with useful features, good performance
1	oppressed with useful features, good performance
0	terrible reception, poor battery, horrible functionality
0	severe reception, poor battery, horrible functionality
1	superb images, quality construction, accepts Type II cards
1	superb images, quality construction, accepts Type II placard
0	cheaply made
0	cheaply work
1	price and the look
1	price and the search
0	ink is expensive
0	ink is expensive
1	Ease of use, quality of photos, more than adequate software
1	Ease of use, character of photos, more than tolerable software
0	None
0	none
1	Lightweight, easy to use, free
1	Lightweight, soft to use, free
1	Cheap, beautiful and fast printing and very very quiet
1	crummy, beautiful and fast printing and very very quiet
0	no analog mode, weak vibration mode, plastic feel, disabled Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	no analog mode, decrepit vibration mode, plastic feel, handicap Bluetooth file transfers, weak camera
0	Unable to print at all if one cartridge is empty. 
0	Unable to publish at all if one cartridge is vacate. 
0	Costly refills (but they do last a while)
0	Costly refills (but they do close a while)
1	Cool looking
1	Cool calculate
1	A sharp camera with a lot of functionality.
1	A shrewd camera with a lot of functionality.
0	Cost, flash, lens cover
0	Cost, flashy, lens cover
1	Great value...Packed with features...Easy to use...Large lcd screen...Sharp pictures
1	Great value...Packed with features...easygoing to use...Large lcd screen...sharp-worded pictures
1	Cheap, Fast Printing, Cheap Maintenance, fast USB!
1	Cheap, loyal Printing, Cheap Maintenance, fast USB!
0	Battery life in talk mode
0	Battery living in talk mode
0	Bad reception, low ring volume.
0	Bad reception, humbled ring volume.
0	low tones/rings
0	low tones/annulus
1	size, battery, voice dial, speakerphone
1	sizing, battery, voice dial, speakerphone
0	Text Quality was blurry Photos nowhere near the quality of the HP5550 
0	Text Quality was blurry Photos nowhere skinny the select of the HP5550 
0	High printer cost means printer is not for everybody, can hog large amounts of CPU time leading to CPU hang time...  you may need to wait for medium to complex jobs to finish printing on low to medium range computers
0	High printer cost means printer is not for everybody, can hog magnanimous come of CPU time preeminent to CPU attend time...  you whitethorn pauperism to wait for medium to complex jobs to finish printing on low-toned to medium graze computers
0	none
0	none
1	Small and suprisingly heavy!
1	Small and suprisingly weighty!
1	small,works anywhere outside US, comes free with the plan
1	small,solve anywhere outside US, occur free with the plan
0	small memory stick, 16meg fits 7 images
0	small memory stick, 16meg fits 7 project
1	Small size, good durable battery pack, voice controls.
1	Small size, good durable bombardment pack, voice controls.
0	Slower Shutter response that any Film Camera.
0	Slower Shutter response that any Film camera.
0	expensive (but not more than other brands) ink cartridges
0	expensive (but not more than other stain) ink cartridges
1	Very small, simple to use menu and almost never have to use stylus
1	Very small, simple to use menu and almost never have to utilisation style
1	Good phone, very compact
1	safe phone, very compact
1	high quality, easy to use, fast and portable, takes great pictures; tons of fun!
1	high quality, easy to use, fast and portable, read great envision; tons of fun!
0	Takes a bit to warm up, makes a lot of noise
0	read a bit to warm up, makes a Lot of noise
0	You will never be able to move it again
0	You will never be able-bodied to move it again
1	Very light weight. Good clear outdoor daytime pictures.
1	Very light weight. Good crystalise outdoor daytime pictures.
0	Will not feed small items (3" x 5" or less).
0	Will not feed small items (3" X fin" or less).
0	Not small compared to other cams.  Hard to find.
0	Not small compared to other cams.  firmly to find.
1	small, easy to carry, stylish, takes good pictures for the price of the phone
1	small, comfortable to carry, stylish, takes good exposure for the price of the phone
0	A little easy to lose grip of, not enough " memory space",too thick.
0	A little leisurely to lose grapple of, not enough " memory space",too thick.
0	State of the art has caught up with and passed this model.
0	State of the art has becharm up with and passed this exemplar.
1	Sleek, Lightweight, Durable, Awesome battery life.
1	Sleek, Lightweight, Durable, amazing battery life.
1	Looks cool
1	count cool
0	No USB cable included
0	No USB wire included
1	it works, it's cheap, it's small, ink is cheap
1	it act, it's cheap, it's small, ink is cheap
1	Low Price, Brand name and Reliability
1	miserable Price, Brand name and Reliability
0	interface seems a little buggy
0	interface seems a little loco
1	Lots of features, compact design.
1	much of features, compact design.
0	difficult to get flash perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
0	difficult to get ostentate perfect, resolution slightly obsolite
0	no support CompactFlash, a little slow, poor batteries
0	no reenforcement CompactFlash, a little slow, poor batteries
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony  flash, battery and lens covers, Shutter Speed
0	Accessories are mostly proprietary to Sony  flash, battery and lens report, shutter Speed
0	nothing specific to this printer, just drawbacks of inkjet printers in general
0	zip specific to this printer, just drawbacks of inkjet printer in general
0	Difficult to turn phone off and on
0	Difficult to turn earphone off and on
0	Charge time for Batteries, small 16mb disk.
0	burden time for Batteries, small 16mb disk.
1	Easy to use
1	Easy to apply
1	Functions very well as a webcam, good storage capacity
1	Functions very fountainhead as a webcam, good storage capacity
1	Very quiet, great prints, nice software package included
1	Very quieten, great prints, nice software package included
0	Battery life, fragile antenna, slow software, very few "perks".
0	Battery life, slight antenna, slow software, very few "perks".
0	A little on the bulky side.
0	A picayune on the bulky side.
1	It's small and looks cool.
1	It's small and search cool.
0	Not many advanced features, low battery life
0	Not many advanced features, low barrage life
0	Does not light up
0	Does not illuminate up
1	Easy usage
1	Easy use
0	Bad reception and VERY poor sound quality
0	Bad reception and VERY short sound quality
0	none thus far
0	none thus Interahamwe
0	Wait period between shots seems long.
0	Wait period between shots seems foresightful.
1	cheap, good quality
1	cheap, good caliber
0	no clock
0	no time
0	Battery consumption
0	battery consumption
1	very small, light weight, clear send and receive, loud ringer
1	very small, sluttish weight, readable send and receive, loud ringer
1	makes a good paperweight, looks impressive
1	makes a good paperweight, looks telling
0	sound clarity, keyboard size
0	voice clarity, keyboard size
1	Great AVI system 
1	Great AVI organization 
1	Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, Good screen quality
1	Camera Quality, Mp3 Ringtones, Solid build, dependable screen quality
1	Fast, no jamming, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for that matter
1	libertine, no jam, inexpensive ink, inexpensive PRINTER for that matter
1	lots of features, compact size
1	lots of features, summary size
1	Caller ID, Voice Activated, Number Saving, Price
1	Caller ID, vocalism Activated, Number Saving, Price
0	None
0	none
0	Inadequate operating system to manage memory, freeze ups, power cycling the phone daily
0	poor run system to manage memory, freeze ups, power cycling the phone daily
1	decent quality printing, easy to use
1	enough quality printing, easy to use
0	The battery life is lacking, no other real problems
0	The battery life is lacking, no other genuine problems
1	Amazing reception, vibrant color screen, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	Amazing reception, vibrant colourize cover, 1.3megapixel camera, Attractive Design
1	good zoom, expandable memory is a plus, good resolution for an entry level camera 
1	good zoom, expandable memory is a plus, good resolution for an submission storey camera 
1	Small, reliable, long battery life
1	lowly, reliable, long battery life
0	Battery life is so poor it makes it prohibitive to use.
0	Battery life is so poor it draw it prohibitive to usage.
1	Double Sided Printing, High Speed, Many Print Options, Versatile
1	two-bagger Sided Printing, High Speed, Many Print Options, Versatile
1	Wow what a camera, easy to use, has some advanced functions, and it WORKS!!
1	Wow what a camera, easy to utilisation, has some advanced procedure, and it WORKS!!
1	Customization.
1	Customization.
0	Sub-par sound, awkward menu layout
0	Sub-par healthy, awkward menu layout
0	Some image quality problems, design problems, stigma of being a Casio
0	Some image quality job, project problems, stigma of being a Casio
0	Average color printing quality
0	Average color publish quality
0	SLOOOOW!
0	SLOOOOW!
1	Photo realistic prints, borderless printing, accepts roll paper
1	Photo realistic prints, borderless printing, accepts roll wallpaper
1	great, crisp photos.
1	great, crisp picture.
1	Small, good quality pics
1	Small, good caliber pics
1	Small Size, Easy to Use, Good Picture
1	Small Size, Easy to Use, Good ikon
1	Image quality, low cost cds,long life battery
1	Image quality, depression cost cds,long life battery
1	Ease of set up, speed, quality
1	Ease of readiness up, speed, quality
1	Ease of use, ease of migrating files to PC or Mac
1	easiness of usance, ease of migrating files to PC or Mac
1	USB or Parallel connections, good print quality
1	USB or Parallel connections, soundly print quality
0	none i have found
0	none i have retrieve
0	makes a bit of noise, takes time on quality print jobs
0	makes a bit of noise, contract time on quality print business
1	Fast B/W, Cheap
1	dissipated B/W, Cheap
1	little, Compact Flash card, functions, software
1	little, Compact Flash card, map, software
0	keys "sweat" on the screen, talk time is 'eh', no full mp3's
0	keys "perspiration" on the screen, peach time is 'eh', no full mp3's
0	Zero customer service
0	Zero customer help
1	Good quality print, Compaq support was great (once they were on the phone line).
1	near quality print, Compaq support was great (once they were on the phone business).
0	I use voice stream,,,, but they are getting better
0	I use voice stream,,,, but they are getting respectable
0	I can't afford two
0	I can't afford II
1	Compact, easy to navigate. Voice dial helps in the car.
1	thickset, gentle to navigate. Voice dial helps in the car.
1	Compact, Lightweight, Takes great photos in daylight
1	Compact, Lightweight, issue great photos in daylight
1	simple, takes clear pictures while moving
1	simple, takes vindicated pictures while moving
0	T9En autocompletion mode for scheduler terrible. Speakerphone quality could be better but is adequate.
0	T9En autocompletion mode for scheduler terrible. Speakerphone quality could be ripe but is tolerable.
1	Light weight = high speed!
1	illumination weight = high speed!
0	Not a lot of "extras" if that's your cup of tea.  A bit large.
0	Not a pile of "extras" if that's your cup of tea.  ampere bit large.
0	battery usage
0	battery utilization
1	Low Price, Good Quality
1	Low Price, honorable Quality
1	Super features, good sounding audio, web access
1	Super features, unspoilt sounding audio, web access
0	Makes a mess of the ink platen, borders, no roll adapter
0	cause a peck of the ink platen, borders, no roll adapter
0	Battery Life when browsing, Bulky
0	Battery sprightliness when browsing, Bulky
0	none that I've found
0	none that I've detect
0	NONE
0	none
0	no problems
0	no problem
0	Complicated. Too small?
0	Complicated. also small?
0	Toner expense
0	Toner disbursal
0	Fine mode only allows around 23 pictures.  Preview window gets dusty easily.
0	Fine mode only allows around 23 figure.  Preview window drive dusty easily.
1	Virtually Unbreakable, 2way paging, a lot of stuff
1	Virtually Unbreakable, 2way paging, a lot of poppycock
0	Not a beginner's camera
0	non a beginner's camera
0	Accessories hard to find
0	Accessories punishing to find
1	-cheap, -the best in 2 mega, -multiple options!, -great for starters
1	-sleazy, -the best in 2 mega, -multiple options!, -dandy for starters
1	easy to use
1	easy to utilization
0	picture quality, terrible flash, terrible user-interface!!
0	picture quality, terrible trice, terrible user-interface!!
0	A little slow but hey, what do u want for les than $200
0	ampere lilliputian slow but hey, what do u want for les than $200
1	none
1	none
0	Single band
0	unmarried band
1	Great picture quality
1	Great figure quality
1	This camera contours nicely to your hand and can take high quality pictures.
1	This camera contours nicely to your hand and can take high-pitched timber pictures.
0	LEMON when it comes to where you charge the phone causing you to LOSE everything!!
0	LEMON when it get to where you agitate the phone causing you to suffer everything!!
1	good color
1	skilful color
1	Rock solid, great output, features, size.
1	Rock satisfying, great output, features, size.
0	sound quality
0	sound timbre
0	Warm up time - but the tip from the tech guy has fixed this
0	warm up time - but the tip from the tech guy has make this
1	Battery Life. 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy Convenience
1	Battery Life. 3.5&amp;quot; Floppy widget
0	design isn't on par with other Epson printers
0	contrive isn't on par with other Epson printers
0	Had to replace once, nothing else. This phone is excellent.
0	Had to interchange once, null else. This phone is excellent.
0	N80 body, USB, 
0	N80 personify, USB, 
0	scanning software
0	skim software
1	Good Speed, High Quality Images
1	adept Speed, High Quality Images
1	excellent quality, quick and quiet
1	excellent quality, quick and quietly
0	cost a lot
0	cost a pile
0	software is slow and time consuming
0	software is dense and time consuming
0	Long time between photos, bad in low-light conditions, HP charges for driver downloads now
0	hanker time between photos, bad in low-light conditions, HP institutionalize for driver downloads now
0	you need a big hardrive to download photos
0	you need a big hardrive to download photo
1	Large screen, clear reception and great functions
1	Large cover, clear reception and great functions
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry around, good picture quality
1	Inexpensive, easy to upload, easy to carry around, safe depiction quality
1	Fast, USB Support, Easy to use. 
1	Fast, USB Support, well-off to use. 
0	battery life
0	shelling life
0	expensive upfront cost and consumerables, slow to warm up out of standby mode
0	expensive upfront cost and consumerables, dense to warm up out of standby manner
0	Flash a little weak.  No sound with movies(not a huge con).
0	flashgun a little weak.  No sound with flick(not a huge con).
1	Price, great 3 megapixel images, Pixel mapping feature
1	Price, nifty 3 megapixel images, Pixel mapping feature
0	No exterior caller ID, outbound volume to loud
0	No exterior caller ID, outbound volume to tatty
1	Unique features, holds multiple children if necessary
1	Unique features, moderate multiple children if necessary
1	Features, Sound Quality
1	Features, healthy Quality
0	Awkward placement of zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
0	unenviable placement of zoom buttons; where's autopreview?
0	Just a Bit Pricey!
0	Just a bit Pricey!
1	Looks AMAZING, Works Great, Impresses People
1	Looks perplex, Works Great, Impresses People
1	Easy to use, nice entry level digital camera for the price
1	Easy to use, squeamish entry stage digital camera for the price
1	Inexpensive, high quality, features
1	Inexpensive, high timber, features
0	range not so good
0	range not so honorable
0	Hard to push and maneuver
0	Hard to press and maneuver
1	Nice, Fast,
1	squeamish, Fast,
1	Extremely durable, looks fantastic, ultra compact and takes great pictures
1	Extremely indestructible, looks fantastic, ultra compact and takes swell pictures
1	Great print quality, print jobs begin quickly
1	Great print quality, print jobs commence quickly
1	fast, quiet, IR, great quality
1	degenerate, quiet, IR, great quality
1	Killer prints especially on Photo Paper
1	Killer prints especially on Photo report
0	Rechargeable battery doesn't last long.
0	Rechargeable shelling doesn't last long.
1	Compact size and extremely easy to use.
1	Compact size and extremely easy to apply.
0	Temperamental zoom control
0	Temperamental zoom see
0	It's an expensive door stop
0	It's an expensive door hitch
0	User settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
0	exploiter settings; menu items; holding signal; lack of email
1	Effective combination of phone and PDA; you get what you pay for.
1	Effective combination of phone and PDA; you amaze what you bear for.
0	Too slow for those with high speed needs
0	Too slow for those with high quicken needs
1	easy to use, review/preview options, easy to download
1	easy to use, review/preview options, well-fixed to download
0	n/a
0	newton/a
0	Battery Life, made out of poor plastic , can not play internet games on this.
0	Battery Life, form out of poor plastic , can not bid internet games on this.
1	compact, photo  quality, quiet
1	compact, picture  quality, quiet
0	Camera has a lower pixel count than some others, no added XD memory card.
0	Camera has a frown pixel matter than some others, no added XD memory card.
1	Very sleek and small.  LOADS of features!
1	Very sleek and lowly.  LOADS of features!
0	Old.
0	onetime.
0	Weird interface, software crash, ear bug sux, no web??? IR port not working...
0	uncanny interface, software crash, ear bug sux, no web??? IR port not sour...
1	Best Photo Quality In A Printer I've Seen Yet!
1	Best Photo Quality In A Printer I've Seen still!
0	shockingly expensive unrefillable ink cartridges.
0	shockingly expensive unrefillable ink magazine.
0	Durability, Lack of Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
0	Durability, deficiency of Speakerphone, Ringtones, BATTERY!
0	No external antenna kills reception in fringe areas. No keypad cover.
0	No external antenna kills reception in fringe areas. nobelium keypad enshroud.
0	not bluetooth compatible(if you know what that is)
0	not bluetooth compatible(if you fuck what that is)
1	can print from camera card
1	can mark from camera card
1	low-cost, good quality
1	low-cost, goodness quality
0	Pathetic Keyboard lock, lousy battery life, vulnerable antenna, no vibrator.
0	Pathetic keyboard lock, dirty battery life, vulnerable antenna, no vibrator.
1	Exellent quality pictures
1	Exellent quality envision
1	Lightweight, Good Quality, Easy to Maneuver
1	Lightweight, respectable Quality, Easy to Maneuver
1	Fast, clear/crisp documents
1	Fast, assoil/crisp documents
0	Camera size is too big, many features that beginners don't use
0	Camera size is too openhanded, many features that beginners don't function
0	Price,interface/feautures,"creakiness"
0	Price,port/feautures,"creakiness"
1	tiny size, incredible loading/saving speed, "roomy" built-in memory.
1	tiny size, incredible loading/rescue speed, "roomy" built-in memory.
0	not enough internal memory
0	not enough national memory
0	NONE
0	none
0	bad quality photos, no flash, long wait for download
0	bad quality photos, no shoot, long wait for download
0	The cover is not see through like the i1000 plus
0	The cover is not ensure through care the i1000 plus
0	haven't found any yet.
0	haven't ground any yet.
1	Small and portable, soft amber light is amazing.  Good battery life.
1	Small and portable, soft yellow-brown light is amazing.  dependable battery life.
1	Easy to use, pictures are fantastic, can use floppy discs
1	Easy to manipulation, pictures are grand, can use floppy discs
1	Lightweight and small
1	jackanapes and small
0	4M card.
0	4M posting.
1	-True photo quality, -Ink cartridges aren't too expensive
1	-True photo calibre, -Ink cartridges aren't too expensive
1	size and cost
1	size and price
1	Wonderful Quaility
1	wonderful Quaility
0	Battery life, navigation, ringer not loud enough.
0	battery life, navigation, ringer not loud enough.
1	Beautiful colored screen and lots of options. Love the blue lighted keys.
1	Beautiful colored cover and distribute of options. Love the blue lighted keys.
1	It's lightweight. Easy to transfer pictures. 
1	It's lightweight. Easy to transferral pictures. 
1	Great Quality, Very Reliable, Easy to Use
1	heavy Quality, Very Reliable, Easy to Use
0	initial price, text print slow, poor text print on plain paper
0	initial price, text print tiresome, poor text print on manifest paper
0	nod LCD screen, drivers can conflict.
0	nod LCD screen, drivers can difference.
0	not very many
0	not very many
1	Image, Speed, Quality, and great Customer Service
1	Image, Speed, Quality, and outstanding Customer Service
0	Some of the frills, such as the optional borders, are not very useful.
0	Some of the gimcrackery, such as the optional frame, are not very useful.
0	poor documentation, battery cover, tripod mount design
0	poor documentation, battery enshroud, tripod mount design
0	PAPER LOADING, Compatibility
0	composition LOADING, Compatibility
1	Inexpensive and reliable.
1	Inexpensive and authentic.
0	Everything else
0	Everything else
0	slow color printing
0	dumb color printing
0	Buy the Camera Dock when you purchase the Camera
0	bribe the Camera Dock when you purchase the Camera
0	Battery life (minor problem)
0	shelling life (minor problem)
0	- Can't do Super Glossy prints, - Poor selection of compatible photo paper. 
0	- Can't do Super Glossy prints, - hapless selection of compatible photograph paper. 
1	Folds compactly, easy to load, very affordable
1	Folds compactly, tardily to load, very affordable
1	Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, LOW light!, Auto everything.
1	Package, AA batteries, Small SmartMedia, LOW wanton!, Auto everything.
1	Very easy to use.  Great pictures on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
1	Very slowly to purpose.  Great pictures on computer/printer.  Enough features to satisfy anyone
0	Cost
0	cost
1	Quality Photos; Ease of use; size of camera; 
1	Quality Photos; ease of use; size of camera; 
1	Relatively inexpensive, easy to use, simple Finepix software
1	Relatively inexpensive, light to use, simple Finepix software
1	1.3 megapixel, quality shots, easy to use, 3x zoom
1	1.3 megapixel, quality shaft, easy to manipulation, 3x zoom
1	High resolution CCD, Many features, Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, Quality Lens, 
1	High resolution CCD, many lineament, Easy-to-Use, Small, Portable, Quality Lens, 
1	Picture Quality, Ease of Use
1	Picture caliber, Ease of Use
0	More than any one phone should have.
0	More than any one headphone should have.
1	seperate ink cartridges
1	seperate ink pickup
1	Looks nice
1	look nice
1	no shutter lag, fast autofocus, 5 megapixels, tons of features
1	no shutter lag, fast autofocus, v megapixels, lots of features
1	Nice upgrade to 4700 series, full-featured.
1	Nice advance to 4700 series, full-featured.
1	resolution and color that rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
1	resoluteness and color that rivals dye-sublimation printers.  
0	Focus range begins at 4 feet, lens unprotected.
0	Focus swan begins at 4 feet, lens unprotected.
1	Small, deceptively sturdy, intuitive menus, great reception
1	Small, deceptively sturdy, intuitive fare, great reception
1	Superior print quality on both plain and coated material. Quality construction. Quiet operation. Excellent customer service over phone and company web site. Prints on both sides of paper  automatically. 
1	Superior print calibre on both plain and coated textile. choice construction. quieten performance. Excellent customer service over phone and company web site. Prints on both sides of paper  automatically. 
1	Easy to use, inexpensive, affordable media
1	Easy to usage, inexpensive, affordable media
0	auto shut off is to fast
0	auto shut off is to debauched
0	Slow; Consumes lots of memory and CPU from your PC; Works well only for Windows95/98
0	Slow; Consumes muckle of remembering and CPU from your PC; bring well only for Windows95/98
1	Many options/light weight/games/stores 99 names/numbers
1	Many options/wanton weight/games/stores 99 names/numbers
1	12 ppm, 600x 600 resolution, AFFORDABLE!
1	twelve ppm, 600x 600 resolution, AFFORDABLE!
0	Lens barrel visible through optical viewfinder.
0	Lens barrel seeable through optical viewfinder.
1	Solid, Nice looking output, USB
1	Solid, Nice looking turnout, USB
0	Um.... well, Canon doesn't give them away for free.   
0	Um.... well, Canon doesn't give them away for absolve.   
0	Has switched off for no reason twice, 1gig memory card drains battery quickly.
0	Has switched off for no reason twice, 1gig storage add-in drains battery quickly.
1	takes abuse, easy to use
1	proceeds abuse, easy to use
1	Worthy replacement to the 950 and 990.
1	Worthy switch to the 950 and 990.
1	Great Photo Prints
1	keen Photo Prints
1	Ease of use, Cost effective.
1	relieve of use, Cost effective.
1	good crisp color screen
1	good frosty color screen
1	Ultra-Compact Size, 4 megapixels, 3x Optical Zoom, Mode Dial &amp; FUNC button  
1	Ultra-Compact Size, quaternary megapixels, 3x Optical Zoom, mode Dial &amp; FUNC button  
1	easy to use. tiny. audio recorder, MP3 player, camera, and movie recorder in one device.
1	easy to consumption. tiny. audio recorder, MP3 player, camera, and film recorder in one twist.
0	No AC adapter included
0	No AC arranger included
0	Battery needs charging daily if you use the phone at all.  no back up battery
0	Battery postulate institutionalize daily if you use the phone at all.  no spine up battery
1	excellent value, does video clips, very easy to use, web cam capability
1	excellent appreciate, does video clipping, very easy to use, web cam capability
0	Price
0	cost
0	Pricey.  Cannot associate sound per contact - only groups.  Cannot add groups.
0	Pricey.  Cannot associate healthy per tangency - only groups.  Cannot add groups.
1	Wonderful and economic choice
1	wondrous and economic choice
0	Poor canopy design.
0	Poor canopy contrive.
1	Durability, signal, sound quality, camera, size, email pics to yourself.
1	Durability, signal, sound lineament, camera, size, email exposure to yourself.
1	35mm Quality, 3x Optical Zoom, True SLR, Plenty of Storage, Auto-Everything
1	35mm Quality, 3x optical Zoom, True SLR, mass of Storage, Auto-Everything
1	easy to use, web, color, durable,
1	easy to use, web, colourize, durable,
0	i cant think of any
0	i cant consider of any
0	No web or GSM, no useful keyboard lock, hard to change rings. Antenna can break!
0	No web or GSM, no useful keyboard lock, severe to deepen rings. Antenna can crack!
1	instant pictures, disc acceptance
1	instantaneous pictures, disc acceptance
0	Printer is slow &amp; the drivers lock up
0	Printer is slow &ampere; the drivers lock up
0	Low resolution, no optical zoom,  and eats batteries
0	Low resolve, no optical zoom,  and eats batteries
0	No cable included - but printers never include them!
0	No wire included - but printers never include them!
0	No Flash, No Picture Preview screen, Pictures are stored in RAM
0	No Flash, No Picture Preview concealment, photo are stored in RAM
1	B&amp;amp;W Print Quality, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and Long-lasting Ink Cartridges
1	B&amp;amp;W Print timber, Speed, Reliability, Quiet, and durable Ink Cartridges
1	Easy usb connection
1	easily usb connection
0	Hidden costs
0	hidden costs
1	easy to use, sensitive, full keyboard
1	easy to use, sensitive, wax keyboard
1	Features, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screen, clarity, it's like having a phone, Gameboy, PDA in one!
1	feature, crystal-clear reception, tv-like screenland, clarity, it's like having a phone, Gameboy, organizer in one!
0	Cartridge cost, quality
0	Cartridge cost, tone
1	Size, weight, features, reception.
1	Size, burthen, features, reception.
0	Only comes with 16mb media, but can be expanded to 128.
0	solitary comes with 16mb media, but can be thrive to 128.
0	Color not as good with cheap paper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized paper.
0	Color not as estimable with sleazy paper. Inconsistent handling of odd-sized paper.
0	Highlights red hues in low-light situations, similar cons shared by most digital cameras.
0	Highlights red hues in low-light spot, similar victimize shared by most digital cameras.
1	6X Zoom, Incredibly Sharp Detail
1	6X Zoom, unbelievably Sharp Detail
1	Great print quality. Stand alone copy feature is handy. 
1	cracking print quality. Stand alone copy feature is handy. 
0	Poor reception, mirror blinds you when light hits it.
0	Poor reception, mirror blinds you when unclouded hits it.
1	It's small and has many functions, and the discs hold a lot of pictures.
1	It's small and has many functions, and the discs contain a portion of pictures.
0	Slow download, missing features.
0	Slow download, lacking features.
1	Elegance appearance with a slim and graceful figure; strong function positioning, and abundant personal designing.
1	Elegance appearance with a slim and graceful name; strong function place, and abundant personal project.
0	Ink is harder to find.  
0	Ink is harder to bump.  
0	Size - but it is easy to get used to
0	Size - but it is well-to-do to get used to
1	Colour fidelity and resolution
1	discolour fidelity and resolution
1	Ease of use, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
1	Ease of usage, mac-compatible, attractive, affordable, value for money
0	Finding a vendor that carries the phone
0	Finding a vendor that contain the phone
0	UNSTABLE! Low seat, uncomfortable ride, small basket, doesn't stand when folded,
0	UNSTABLE! Low prat, uncomfortable razz, small basket, doesn't stand when folded,
0	ink guzzler...expensive in the long run
0	ink gulper...expensive in the long run
1	Reliable, easy, floppy is ultimate in convenience.
1	honest, easy, floppy is ultimate in convenience.
1	Easy to use and quality pictures
1	Easy to use and quality exposure
1	Compact, sturdy, vibrate mode
1	stocky, sturdy, vibrate mode
0	Photo cartridges are 45 dollars, stopped working in less than a year, big and bulky
0	picture cartridges are 45 dollar, barricade working in less than a year, big and bulky
1	Light, easy to use, lots of features, games, and options. Great reception.
1	weak, easy to use, lots of features, games, and options. bang-up reception.
1	Very easy to use and download pictures with supplied software
1	very easy to use and download impression with supplied software
0	button placement
0	release placement
1	Great picture quality, auto-flash, red-eye control, nice LCD
1	Great word-painting quality, auto-flash, red-eye control, nice LCD
0	small buttons
0	belittled buttons
1	1 minute digital videos with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#10;Compact and durable&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	i minute digital videos with sound&amp;#13;&amp;#10;stocky and long-wearing&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
1	Inexpensive, Superb Quality.
1	Inexpensive, Superb calibre.
1	great photos, good price
1	great photos, secure price
0	Service sucks, feels and sounds like a Walkie-talkie, Size, ugly.
0	Service sucks, tone and sounds like a walkie-talkie, Size, ugly.
1	Does a lot
1	Does a pot
0	Ugly and slow.
0	Ugly and slowly.
0	USB Cable not included.
0	USB Cable not include.
1	Great quality pics,compact and a great buy at $400
1	enceinte lineament pics,compact and a great buy at $400
0	Short  battery life, practically useless memory card, AC adapter not included.
0	short-change  shelling life, practically useless memory card, AC adapter not included.
1	many features, great quality
1	many features, nifty quality
0	Communicam
0	Communicam
0	lacks optical zoom
0	lack optical zoom
0	bulky for storage
0	bulky for storehouse
1	Durable. Firmware upgrades easy. Quality reception and sound. Numerous accessories readily available from web vendors.
1	Durable. firmware upgrades easy. Quality reception and sound. Numerous accessories readily useable from web vender.
0	HEAVY, QUIRKY, CUMBERSOME
0	HEAVY, kinky, CUMBERSOME
1	Good amount of features, good battery life
1	Good amount of features, thoroughly battery life
0	No more excuses for not running
0	No more excuses for not draw
0	rough, loud ride
0	rough, tatty ride
0	hard to push, turn, small seating, small basket...
0	laborious to push, turn, small seating, small basket...
1	Best camera for the price
1	skilful camera for the price
1	small and compact, nice looking, good quality photos
1	small and compact, nice looking, secure quality photos
0	Sheet feeder doesn't work well
0	Sheet feeder doesn't wreak well
1	Tons of Features
1	slews of Features
0	Poor ergonomics, poor sound.
0	pathetic ergonomics, poor sound.
0	This thing eats batteries alive. 
0	This thing eats batteries animated. 
1	Love the multifunction capabilities and ease of use.
1	Love the multifunction capabilities and ease of habit.
0	Paper jams frequently, drinks ink like water, ink clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
0	Paper jams oft, drinks ink like piss, ink clogs often, print quality only tolerable.
0	No extras
0	No extra
0	Poor reproduction of color photos, NOISY
0	Poor reproduction of color picture, NOISY
1	Incredible print quality, lasting toner, and speed.
1	Incredible print calibre, lasting toner, and speed.
1	Awesome print quality for the price, easy to use, small in design.
1	Awesome print quality for the cost, easy to use, humble in design.
1	tip calculator
1	steer calculator
1	Cheap, decent photos, easy to use software.
1	Cheap, decent photos, sluttish to use software.
1	4 Megapixels. Movie mode. Great pictures!
1	4 Megapixels. Movie fashion. Great pictures!
1	Fast and trouble free
1	Fast and perturb free
1	It's excellent all the way around......when it's working properly.
1	It's fantabulous all the way around......when it's function properly.
0	Crappy camera, terrible colors and poor speaker volume, does not support MP3s
0	stinky camera, terrible colors and poor speaker volume, does not sustenance MP3s
0	location of lens makes it easy to block when holding, menu is difficult to manage
0	location of lens makes it well-fixed to cube when sustain, menu is difficult to manage
1	$99 price tag for a printer that has comes highly recommended.
1	$99 price ticket for a printer that has number highly recommended.
0	No Windows 2000 support at this time
0	No Windows 2000 keep at this time
1	Cheap, great quality pictures
1	Cheap, dandy quality pictures
0	Dropped Calls, Bad Battery Life
0	sink Calls, Bad Battery Life
0	ink runs sometimes, envelope settings wrong
0	ink incline sometimes, envelope settings wrong
0	High price, so-so battery life, small monochrome screen, sleazy Motorola marketing
0	High price, so-so battery life, little monochrome screen, sleazy Motorola commercialize
1	Light weight,One handed folding,, Generous storage basket 
1	Light weighting,One handed folding,, Generous storage basket 
1	Very easy to use, good quality
1	Very easy to manipulation, good quality
1	cheap, light, clear, easy to use menus, cool covers
1	cheap, light, clear, easy to apply menus, cool covers
1	Handles well, attractive, both seats recline (although not fully), light compared to other doubles
1	Handles substantially, attractive, both seats recline (although not fully), unhorse compared to other doubles
1	ease of use, fast B/W prints, small driver footprint
1	ease of practice, dissipated B/W prints, small driver footprint
0	The battery life is not great.
0	The battery life is not capital.
1	Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, Clear and Beautiful Ringtones
1	Bright LCD Screen, External LCD, exonerate and Beautiful Ringtones
1	Great software and easy to use.
1	Great software and leisurely to use.
0	Pricy and over-powered signal strength
0	Pricy and over-powered signal specialty
1	Size, easy folding, price
1	Size, tardily folding, price
1	Price, speed, dependability
1	damage, speed, dependability
0	Autofocus has problems in low light, fragile power/lens cover switch
0	Autofocus has problems in crushed light, fragile ability/lens cover switch
0	Does not have caller groups where you can separate callers with different ring tones.
0	serve not have caller groups where you can severalise callers with different ring tones.
1	None
1	none
0	The LCD is slightly off center
0	The LCD is slightly off midpoint
0	Not too many extras.
0	Not too many extra.
1	excellent camera, great size, GREAT pictures!
1	excellent camera, great size, GREAT envision!
0	Not cheap, sound could be better, magnet-based flip open, prone to smudges and scratches
0	Not cheap, intelligent could be better, magnet-based flip open, prone to smudges and scrawl
0	Antenna. 'Nuf said.
0	Antenna. 'Nuf order.
0	carrier straps are too small
0	carrier straps are too minuscule
1	10x zoom, Small size, Full manual mode, Driver-less connection
1	10x zoom, Small size, Full manual mode, Driver-less connector
0	Cost
0	toll
1	None come to mind
1	None come to psyche
0	large footprint
0	declamatory footprint
1	Mine was free, lightweight
1	Mine was discharge, lightweight
0	the phone doesn't fit against your face right,and the send and end buttons are reversed!!!
0	the phone doesn't agree against your brass mightily,and the send and end buttons are reversed!!!
0	Battery Life, Supplied Memory
0	Battery animation, Supplied Memory
1	Easy to use and setup, decent quality, reliable
1	Easy to use and setup, decent prize, reliable
1	Easy to carry around
1	Easy to convey around
0	Poor reception/dropped calls, ineffective vibrate mode, some design flaws
0	miserable reception/shed calls, ineffective vibrate mode, some design flaws
0	Large footprint
0	tumid footprint
0	BATTERY LIFE COULD BE A LITTLE BETTER
0	BATTERY LIFE COULD BE A LITTLE proficient
0	Trouble with graphics.
0	disorder with graphics.
0	Phone shuts off unexpectedly, especially during calls. Sounds are static like
0	earphone shuts off unexpectedly, especially during outcry. Sounds are static like
1	Web Browsing, easy texting and emailing.
1	Web Browsing, easy texting and e-mail.
0	resolution only goes up to 640x480, only handles 8mg smartmedia cards
0	resolution only goes up to 640x480, only hold 8mg smartmedia scorecard
1	inexpensive for its size, cute design,very durable
1	inexpensive for its size, precious design,very durable
0	Very few--only outdated by newer technology
0	Very few--only out-of-date by newer technology
1	read below
1	understand below
0	big stroller
0	openhanded stroller
0	Image noise
0	Image racket
1	Excellent photo output, USB
1	Excellent photo turnout, USB
0	slow processor, Voice Recognition, Camera Software
0	deadening processor, Voice Recognition, Camera Software
0	Lack of Windows2000 Drivers, No Zoom
0	Lack of Windows2000 Drivers, No soar
0	Joystick is a little frustrating and face plate chips easily
0	Joystick is a picayune frustrating and face plate fleck easily
1	Sexy design, Image, Video &amp; Sound capture, small
1	Sexy design, Image, Video &amp; Sound capture, modest
0	fingerprint smudges, okay camera, pricy with no plan
0	fingerprint smudges, okay camera, pricy with no design
1	does all the phone functions adequately
1	does all the phone subroutine adequately
1	Small and convenient to use
1	minor and convenient to use
1	Very reputable brand name
1	Very reputable brand refer
0	slow
0	ho-hum
0	not as fast as some
0	not as debauched as some
1	Good pics,price and easy to use.
1	proficient pics,price and easy to use.
0	EVF hard to see through in dim light.
0	EVF hard to see through in dim luminousness.
1	Reliable, comfortable size, clear sound, 200hrs+ standby, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
1	Reliable, comfy size, clear sound, 200hrs+ understudy, Bluetooth earphones, + so much more
0	Small multiple use buttons.
0	Small multiple enjoyment buttons.
1	Easy to steer - Very lightweight!
1	Easy to head - Very lightweight!
0	Vertical format shape and 8 way selector take getting used to.
0	Vertical format shape and octonary way selector take sustain used to.
1	Prints fast text documents, Quality photos.
1	Prints debauched text documents, Quality photos.
0	high ink useage, software is difficult to install properly on Win XP
0	heights ink useage, software is difficult to instal properly on Win XP
0	Poor image quality.  Flash too strong at short range then drops off quickly.
0	Poor image choice.  Flash too impregnable at short range then drops off quickly.
1	Easy to use. 
1	soft to use. 
1	IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, Focus assist, Processing/refresh speed, Remote, Price dropping daily.
1	IS ZzooomM, Overall Pic Quality, concentrate assist, Processing/refresh speed, outside, Price dropping daily.
1	Good quality, very easy, compact, fast file transfer.
1	Good quality, very easy, compact, fast file transportation.
1	easy to use
1	easy to usance
0	poor ink cartridge quality
0	misfortunate ink cartridge quality
1	2.1 Megapixel, cheap, easy to use
1	2.1 Megapixel, cheap, well-to-do to use
1	easy setup, crisp text, good graphics, good speed
1	easy setup, crisp text, good graphics, good hurry
0	Tremendous ink consumption, frequent paper jams
0	Tremendous ink consumption, frequent theme jams
0	quality
0	character
1	Fast, Reliable, Cost, and Print Quality!
1	Fast, Reliable, cost, and Print Quality!
1	Portable, functional, extremely mobile
1	Portable, operable, extremely mobile
1	Great picture quality, easy to use, loads of options to play with.
1	capital picture quality, easy to use, scads of options to play with.
1	The color display!
1	The discolour display!
1	price, prints, features
1	price, print, features
1	Clarity is exceptional. Lots of unexpected features.
1	Clarity is exceptional. portion of unexpected features.
1	Great pictures, nice movie mode, small, easy to use, 
1	Great pictures, nice movie mode, small, easy to exercise, 
1	Alarm, stop watch, ect.
1	Alarm, stop see, ect.
0	Super sensitive touch controls - Doesn't work well with certain Bluetooth devices.
0	Super tender touch controller - Doesn't work well with certain Bluetooth devices.
0	Rechargable battery is extra, battery life is short, only two aperature stops, if cap left on while unit is powered up, lens is driven into the cap (not that big a deal, but bad engineering)
0	Rechargable battery is supernumerary, battery life is poor, only two aperature break, if crown lead on while unit is powered up, lens is driven into the roof (not that big a plow, but bad engineering)
1	Small Size
1	Small size
1	Space saving, high quality images, inexpensive
1	Space saving, highschool quality images, inexpensive
1	Easy and trouble-free
1	well-heeled and trouble-free
0	Horrible battery life, turns off randomly and must re-input date/time
0	Horrible battery life, wrench off randomly and must re-input date/clip
1	Outstanding Printer, Duplex, High speeds, small footprint
1	Outstanding Printer, Duplex, High speeds, lowly footprint
1	Great idea for 2 small children; can be used with infant carrier
1	outstanding approximation for 2 small children; can be used with infant carrier
1	Easy to use and takes good quality pictures
1	well-to-do to use and takes good quality pictures
0	no good holster/leather case designed yet.
0	no full holster/leather case designed yet.
0	High Ink Usage, Poor Mechanics, Poor Print Quality
0	High Ink Usage, inadequate Mechanics, Poor Print Quality
1	Nice looking phone
1	Nice reckon phone
0	it doesn't do the dishes.
0	it doesn't do the peach.
1	Very good 3.2MP camera at a wonderful price anyone can afford.
1	Very honest 3.2MP camera at a wonderful toll anyone can afford.
0	Short Battery Life; Slow Download
0	shortstop Battery Life; Slow Download
0	big
0	boastful
1	Big screen. PDA and Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
1	Big concealment. PDA and Phone in one. MP3 ringtones.
1	Good-looking. Lightweight.  Phone of the Moment!
1	Good-looking. Lightweight.  telephone of the Moment!
1	Decent quality printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  SMALL IN SIZE.
1	Decent quality printing, GOOD PRICE, fast, quiet.  minuscule indium SIZE.
0	A little Static
0	A lilliputian Static
1	Affordable
1	low-cost
0	Does not meet advertised specifications.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;No support.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	Energy not meet advertised specifications.&amp;#13;&amp;#decade;No abide.&amp;#13;&amp;#10;
0	no MPEG mode, big
0	no MPEG mode, swelled
0	Difficult storage area, large size
0	Difficult entrepot area, large size
0	Long intiation
0	yearn intiation
0	No optical zoom
0	No ocular zoom
0	Slower and more expensive than 952C.
0	boring and more expensive than 952C.
0	Button traces on the screen. Service plans cost too much. 200 bucks.
0	Button retrace on the screen. Service plans cost too much. 200 shoot.
1	HP Quality
1	HP choice
1	Small, 3x optical zoom, intuitive controls.
1	Small, 3x opthalmic zoom, intuitive controls.
0	Price
0	cost
0	Expensive, not as pocket size as PDR-M4
0	Expensive, not as bag size as PDR-M4
0	Short battery life.
0	Short battery sprightliness.
0	Not the best print quality but gets the job done.
0	Not the best print quality but fetch the job dress.
1	Good Quality prints and easy setup.
1	good Quality prints and easy setup.
0	weak flash, slow lenses
0	weak scoot, slow lenses
1	Very portable, industry standard image quality, plenty of features.
1	Very portable, industry standard image tone, plenty of features.
1	battery life, solid feel, lit keys, reasonable camera, speakerphone
1	shelling life, solid feel, lit keys, reasonable camera, speakerphone
1	Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink,Fantastic Photos
1	Inexpensive,Thrifty with ink,grotesque Photos
0	complex - steep learning curve
0	complex - steep watch curve
1	Durable, Clear Reception, Easy to use interface
1	Durable, Clear Reception, easy to use interface
0	Bad zoom, slow flash and no macro.
0	Bad zoom, slow garish and no macro.
0	No flash, poor pictures, and you can't see the pics until you download.
0	No scud, poor show, and you can't see the pics until you download.
0	Not expensive if you remember you can add a 2nd head for 2 sided printing.
0	Not expensive if you recollect you can sum a 2nd channelize for 2 sided printing.
1	VERY Nice printer/scanner
1	VERY Nice pressman/scanner
1	Compact, light, good quality, great flash!
1	Compact, light, proficient quality, great flash!
1	A decent phone with some unique features!
1	A decent earphone with some unique features!
0	Nothing, except people annoying you asking &amp;quot;What is that&amp;quot;
0	Nothing, except mass vex you asking &amp;quot;What is that&amp;quot;
0	None really other than the 8M Smartmedia card shipped with camera a little small.
0	None truly other than the 8M Smartmedia board shipped with camera a little small.
1	Inexpensive, easy to use, easy software.
1	Inexpensive, easily to use, easy software.
1	lots of useful options
1	spate of useful options
0	Reliability
0	reliability
0	Purchase case separately
0	Purchase type separately
1	Reception; Sound Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by Time
1	Reception; wakeless Quality; Speakerphone; Display; Stand-by Time
0	No Bluetooth..aargh!
0	nobelium Bluetooth..aargh!
0	Eats up batteries!, Not expandable. Kodak does not have any attachable lenses for this camera
0	feed up bombardment!, Not expandable. Kodak does not have any attachable lens for this camera
0	SLOW menus, bad buttons, limited memory.
0	SLOW menus, bad buttons, restrict memory.
0	Shutter Lag
0	shutter Lag
1	Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build Quality; Compact; Extras
1	Quality Pictures; Video Recording; Build timbre; Compact; Extras
1	Free with some plans
1	destitute with some plans
1	1'8 inch LCD View Finder
1	1'8 in LCD View Finder
0	Battery life, dropped calls, charging time
0	Battery life, dropped telephone, charging time
1	lots of features, good reception & battery, good design
1	lots of features, good reception & battery, just design
0	Horrible manual, no belt clip
0	horrible manual, no belt clip
0	The new "Compaq" and "Samsung" compliant  cartridges don't work in it.
0	The Modern "Compaq" and "Samsung" compliant  cartridges don't wreak in it.
1	Easy and Fun to Use , great photo , and video quality  
1	prosperous and Fun to Use , great photograph , and video quality  
0	Battery life.
0	barrage life.
1	Small, handy, memory stick, USB
1	Small, handy, memory bewilder, USB
1	Great pictures
1	Great depict
0	Almost too small sometimes, accessories not readily available, no auto keylock feature
0	nearly too pocket-sized sometimes, accessories not readily available, no auto keylock feature
0	A bit slower when printing in color.
0	A bit slower when printing in tinge.
1	NEVER HAVE TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR DEVELOPING
1	NEVER HAVE TO BUY FILM OR PAY FOR rise
1	Solidly built, with a host of features.
1	Solidly make, with a host of features.
1	Steers well, lightweight, easy to use, fits through doors
1	Steers well, lightweight, slowly to use, fits through doors
0	ImageMaker software not compatible with older operating systems, locked into MemoryStick technology
0	ImageMaker software not compatible with older go systems, engage into MemoryStick technology
0	haven't found any
0	haven't bump any
0	Flimsy, terrible LCD, horrid signal
0	Flimsy, tremendous LCD, horrid signal
1	Small Size, Infolithium Battery, Metal Design
1	Small Size, Infolithium Battery, Metal purpose
0	Questionable quality and occasional smudging.
0	Questionable quality and occasional blur.
1	Good picture quality, good price
1	Good picture quality, sound price
0	slightly grainy prints.
0	slightly mealy prints.
1	fast, save on developing
1	degraded, save on developing
1	Easy to use out of the box, Tons of features and settings 
1	well-fixed to use out of the box, stacks of features and settings 
0	Antenna, not many options, text messaging
0	Antenna, not many pick, text messaging
0	Complicated to understand at times because of small size.
0	elaborate to understand at times because of small size.
0	Paper feed, noise, printer driver
0	Paper bung, noise, printer driver
0	Some neutered features, small navigation issues, and poor external display planning.
0	about neutered features, small pilotage issues, and poor external display planning.
0	Reception SOMETIMES choppy.
0	Reception sometimes choppy.
0	Low resolution for too much $$$
0	downhearted resolution for too much $$$
0	I have not found any yet.  Costly Ink Cartridges
0	I have not rule any yet.  Costly Ink Cartridges
1	Excellent buy for the low cost! Works just as well as the more expensive digital cameras!! Easy and quick to learn how to use!
1	Excellent buy for the miserable cost! Works just as well as the more expensive digital cameras!! leisurely and quick to ascertain how to usage!
0	No hierarchy in contact list, sync software hard to set up
0	No hierarchy in contact list, sync software heavy to correct up
0	Too small?
0	excessively small?
1	excellent camera
1	first-class camera
0	external antena can break, black/white screen, lousy games
0	external antena can develop, black/white screen, lousy games
1	great UI, tiny size, nice design, internal antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
1	expectant UI, tiny size, nice design, inner antenna, infrared, vibrating alert, 2-way SMS/email
1	User friendly, great quality, compact size
1	User friendly, great quality, compact sizing
0	Hard to add ringtones, bulbous antenna. Not much of a PDA.
0	Hard to bring ringtones, protuberant antenna. Not much of a PDA.
1	Holds a lot of paper, easy to use, versatile
1	Holds a set of paper, easy to use, versatile
0	Movies can only be viewed with QuickTime
0	Movies can only be consider with QuickTime
0	A little more pricey than some printers, but well worth it.
0	A minuscule more pricey than some printers, but easily worth it.
1	Looks SLEEK against my Cheek
1	Looks SLEEK against my brass
0	Volume range; echo
0	loudness range; echo
1	Great phone, very durable, intuitive menus, good ringer, and decent speakerphone
1	Great phone, very long-lived, intuitive carte, good ringer, and decent speakerphone
1	Not bad price for a zoom camera
1	Not bad price for a whizz camera
1	Cute, small phone. Large, colorful screen. Good speakerphone. Easily fits into small purse or pocket.
1	Cute, lowly phone. Large, colorful screen. commodity speakerphone. Easily fits into small purse or scoop.
1	There are no pros!!
1	There are no professional!!
1	Great zoom lens
1	bang-up zoom lens
0	See text below
0	envision text below
1	Good Output, Nice DPI
1	ripe Output, Nice DPI
1	Slim, light, adequate features
1	Slim, light, adequate have
1	InfraRed,
1	infrared,
1	Sleek and stylish, best displays in the market.
1	slick and stylish, best displays in the market.
0	Short battery life, prone to being accidentally turned on, non-flash pictures are blurry.
0	Short battery life, prone to being accidentally twist on, non-flash icon are blurry.
1	size, appearance, and &quot;everyday&quot; features
1	size, show, and &quot;everyday&quot; features
0	Battery life so-so, phone book access a bit cumbersome
0	Battery life so-so, phone book access a morsel cumbersome
0	A bit finicky, requires large distance to focus.
0	A bit particular, requires large distance to focus.
0	A bit heavy to carry around all day.
0	A bit heavy to carry roughly all day.
0	Price of accessories
0	Price of accouterment
1	This camera is a great step up from the Sony MVC 71 series
1	This camera is a groovy step up from the Sony MVC lxxi series
1	Small, Lithium battery, Great colours
1	Small, Lithium battery, Great colorize
0	Software suite, serial connection vs. USB
0	Software rooms, serial connection vs. USB
1	nice photo prints; print from flash card
1	nice photo prints; print from jiffy card
1	Excellent phone for the price. Lots of features I've never had before.
1	Excellent phone for the cost. sight of features I've never had before.
0	To get use with the menu sometimes seems a little bit strange
0	To take use with the menu sometimes seems a little fleck strange
0	Flash not too 'smart', software
0	trashy not too 'smart', software
1	Compact, easy to set up, good quality printouts
1	Compact, easy to set up, good calibre printouts
1	Easy SMSing and design.
1	tardily SMSing and design.
0	Manual was on CD so I didn't find it for a long time.
0	Manual was on CD so unity didn't bump it for a long time.
1	Its small and reliable, it will fit on any desktop. 
1	IT pocket-size and reliable, it will fit on any desktop. 
0	WAP 1.2, Size bit bulky,OS hangs-up
0	WAP 1.2, Size routine bulky,OS hangs-up
0	Battery doesn't last long, memory is tight
0	Battery doesn't last long, memory is crocked
0	takes some experimenting with features
0	charter some experimenting with features
0	Features, sound quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, battery life
0	Features, go quality, processor speed, ease-of-use, battery life
0	Pricey, no analog ability
0	dear, no analog ability
1	small, lightweight, sleek, durable
1	lowly, lightweight, sleek, durable
1	Speaker phone is nice.
1	speaker phone is nice.
1	Battery life, durability, sound quality
1	Battery life, durability, voice quality
1	Good quality inexpensive initially
1	Good timber inexpensive initially
0	Slow Download time, No ZOOM or MACRO
0	dense Download time, No ZOOM or MACRO
1	Small. Awesome battery Life. Really good menu systems.
1	Small. Awesome battery Life. Really practiced menu systems.
0	Software.  Cheap build quality.
0	Software.  Cheap build timbre.
0	drains batteries quickly
0	drains batteries speedily
1	handy,  and easy to use
1	Handy,  and easy to use
0	Viewfinder visibility in bright sunlight
0	Viewfinder visibility in burnished sunlight
0	Everything. Except that it's blue.
0	Everything. Except that it's down.
1	Lightweight, games, Tones
1	Lightweight, games, note
1	Easy to manuever
1	slowly to manuever
1	great quality
1	great timbre
1	Great price
1	gravid price
0	not real sturdy, lots of features to learn with poor explanations
0	not really sturdy, lots of features to acquire with poor explanations
0	One handed use sometimes means you open the battery compartment, turning the camera off.  
0	One reach manipulation sometimes means you open the battery compartment, turning the camera off.  
1	Excellent print quality, extremely inexpensive.
1	Excellent print select, extremely inexpensive.
1	Thin and light.  Good sound quality.  Dual Band.  Battery built in!
1	fragile and sluttish.  Good sound quality.  Dual Band.  Battery built in!
1	Clear print -- but only for a few short jobs. That's it.
1	well-defined print -- but only for a few short speculate. That's it.
1	Inexpensive Photo Quality
1	Inexpensive Photo calibre
1	Tiny, extremely lightweight, feature-packed
1	diminutive, extremely lightweight, feature-packed
0	Bad reception, not durable, home charger doesn't work
0	bad reception, not durable, home charger doesn't work
0	Customer support
0	Customer backup
1	high printing speeds, excellent quality printing, made for most printing jobs.
1	high printing speeds, excellent quality print, gain for most printing jobs.
1	The price is right, it takes a lot of pictures as well as video.
1	The price is right, it hold a wad of pictures as well as video.
0	Small display size
0	Small expose size
1	Easy, zoom lens, no computer hookup,
1	Easy, zoom lens, no estimator hookup,
0	Reception not very good, caused by mobile phone service (Fido).
0	Reception not very good, caused by fluid ring service (Fido).
