0	And, when you think about it, it's insulting that Norton requires its customers to jump through these hoops -- anyone who can provide proof of purchase, whether on the phone or online (what if your computer is down?), should have equal priority.
1	 Has the click wheel and the ability to scan through thousnds of songs and organizes them great.
0	 So-So 1. Customer Service - 6 calls Half were efficient other half were equally incompetent.  
1	The plunge lock and power switch are very easily accessible which is a must when doing free hand routing.
1	second , the " automatic " sync on creative lets you review the songs before it begins its transfer . 
0	it also has unproven battery life . 
0	 If you want good sound , STAY AWAY !!!
1	i 've played around with the equalizer settings and am satisfied at the range of choices i have there too . 
1	So I can't tell you if Diaper Champ will be as good at containing the formula generated poop smell, but it's excellent at containing the smell of poop of my breastfed baby!
0	the one and most major thing that i was dissapointed with , in this player , is the battery life . 
1	get it , it 's woth every penny ! ! 
0	 The router has obviously problems with static IP addresses , firewalls and numerous other programs .
1	speakerphone - loud and clear has some nice extra features like currency converter and a stopwatch . 
0	. the movie clips taken will always have some ' noise ' in it - you can 't avoid that . 
1	price ! 
0	I have noticed an odor (one the I expected!) when unloading the Diaper Champ but at least you don't smell anything every time you use it.
0	 I should 've trusted all the online comments about the terrible repair team of Acer .
0	Among its weak points is the MMC slot location and a bit vague design.
1	to keep it short , this is cheaper , and in my opinion a better choice than an ipod . 
0	I gave up and got a diaper Dekor.
0	my one issue with the mediasource software is that , despite pulling id3 tag data from the cdds service , the ripping process fails to populate the " year " field . 
0	Solid food poop is VERY STINKY and this diaper pail doesn't really contain the smell.
0	The navigation takes so much time that it would eventually drive you crazy.
1	but canon never fails to amaze . 
0	 The hard drive I had attached to the USB port was sometimes accessible , sometimes not .
1	this camera is ideal for people who want more power , but do n't want to spend 1000s dollars on a camera . 
0	the front door is miss aligned on my unit and you have to manually life it up just so slightly for the door to close , a very annoying thing after ahwile . 
1	 The speakers are nice , no question about it ; the sound is good for the size ; the range is what you might expect from speakers this size -LRB- perhaps even better than expected -RRB- .
1	 This little speaker has dynamite sound !!
1	The handles make it very comfortable to use and I experience little vibration.
0	deficiencies with zennx are easily overcome with 3rd-party earphones ( $ 20 + ) and software ( $ 25 ). 
0	I occassionally flip songs while working out as i accidently hit the pad even lightly (yes i have it in maximum desensitized mode). 
1	As I drove across the country I lost reception only in eastern Kentucky's mountains.
1	Other than this, I am very pleased with the router and would buy it again.
1	 Apart from being very easy to install , and the excellent music quality , what I really find fascinating is discovering new artists with Internet radio stations or music providers .
0	one more thing , the default ringtones that come with the phone are horrible . 
0	 The range of response seems a little limited to me -LRB- changing the EQ setting on the iPod produces a definite change in the sound , but I would expect a little more richness in the changes -RRB- .
1	The speed control is well designed and it works perfectly.
1	I like the speed control.
1	I recently bought the Linksys WRT54G router and have been very happy with the router itself. 
0	after about an hour it starts skipping like the dvd 's are dirty . 
0	Anyhow some demerits of this phone, The phone has a slow processor and the ear volume is lower than 6610 but then the 6610 has the best ear volume among most Nokia variants.
1	The handsfree provided by the phone is useful for those who talk on the phone while driving.
0	 My comments are as follow : 1 - Does n't have direct Elictrical connectivity -LRB- you need Adapter which is comming with the package -RRB- 2 - It is really very difficult to connect the the power Cable & the regular -LRB- VGA -RRB- PC connection .
0	4 ) the viewfinder is borderuer lcd scoying . 
1	battery life is good , although i recommend two rechargebles , or a alkaline backup , for those emergency pics you have to have . 
0	at first i thought it is only a isolated incident , but i was proven wrong when the player would not read my " alias " dvds as well . 
1	What makes it so great is the versatility and the number of features it has.
0	The only way my pc internet works is if I open the Firewall Program configuration and manually refresh it.
1	I am getting better speeds on all my web programs. 
1	Another good feature is that you can charge the battery by just connecting the player to your computer using the USB cable.  
1	the phone is very light weight . 
0	I even downloaded the product's user manual - useless. 
0	the songs do n't play one after another like on a cd . 
1	because it can help a so-so photographer take spectacular photos ! 
0	 For my work this panel is unusable .
1	even viewed cds full of jpgs . 
1	the software is great . 
0	 Slow to download and run certain programs Wish you the best and hope my review helped !
1	Even with the waterproof housing it is small.
0	If someone asked me flat out, i'd say to go woth something else.      
1	im a more happier person after discovering the i/p button ! 
1	I've since gotten the Linksys Modem (BEFCMU10) and stacked it with the WRT54G router and it works fantastic!!! 
0	forget about the sleek looks if it can 't play some of your real dvds. 
1	You don't need to cough up an extra couple bucks for a "special edition" to get black! - Sound: Awesome! - Batteries: removable/replaceable. 
0	I will NEVER buy their product again at this rate, and neither should you.
1	overall i 'm happy with my toy . 
1	but this camera is great ! 
1	still , i was willing to overlook those things as this unit looks sleek and has a myriad of features ! 
1	in a word , " awesome " is how i would describe this camera . 
1	and really this is the best phone one could have . 
1	I can't smell anything (and believe me, this is quite something with my baby).
0	On occasion I'm not able to connect to the phone with iSync via Bluetooth but I found that rebooting the phone seems to solve this problem.
0	 Would n't buy again because of the customer service .
1	Im able to keep my phone on for about a week (mostly stand by) to three days (regular use)
0	My friend has an ipod, and although the sound quality probably won't meet most audiophile standards, the product itself is better than anything creative has made.
1	the player is intuitive and outputs great sound quality . 
1	6 the nikon coolpix line is a well-established line so you know support and parts are going to be available even when nikon releases a newer model . 
0	 Be prepared for a long wait -LRB- 30-45 minutes -RRB- , but the wait was worth it .
0	I could hardly use it without a recharge in 2 days!
0	I'm going to try to get a refund but considering all the hoops I jumped through (emails, downloads, reboots, a purge and another download, plus reading through the help menu) a refund should be twice as frustrating.     
0	have had problems since the first day 
1	No skips, and it hasn't faltered once (despite your inevitable drop or two.
0	3 No Voice Recorder-- this has also become an important and popular feature that the iPod unfortunately doesn't have.
0	A lot of "fragments" were left in the Registry, and it the Norton system folders.
1	I am happy with the fact that I can use any bag in there and dont' have to pay out the nose for replacements.
0	I find the major problem with this item is that if you have a very messy diaper and can't tightly bundle it without a mess, the mess gets all over the module that dumps the diaper and the stink is OUTSIDE of the diaper pail.
0	Only downside is when taking pictures in low-light conditions without the flash. 
1	the free ( i didnt know they still did that ) carrying case is really protective , and to me its the only accessory you need ( except good headphones ) . 
1	 This is a very nice monitor , matte black and built-in speakers .
0	the screen may be a little smaller , but it is very readable and does n't come in the overused blue . 
1	As it turns out, this is an awesome camera! 
1	I could probably use a trash can and be ok at this point, but this prduct seems to work very well so far.
1	the camera is very easy to use , in fact on a recent trip this past week i was asked to take a picture of a vacationing elderly group . 
0	2 ) having unfilled id3 tags will cause music to be potentially placed in a folder called " unknown . " 
1	 Way to go Apple!  
0	This router was a huge disapointment.
1	8. Connected the phone to my tablet pc and now can access company VPN at 56k speed via bluetooth.
1	Works great, no odor, and uses regular bags.
1	 The full sized keyboard is sweet not to mention the aquamarine color .
0	 Since it would not work as advertised I called support .
0	the vibrate setting is loud ! 
1	 Delivery was prompt .
1	 - Power , volume , and bass controls on the right speaker are fairly handy .
1	 Highly recommend getting the Superdrive and the WiFi\/Bluetooth modules .
0	the zoom lens unit feels fragile and it is worth buying a good camera bag if you are going put to carry it round a lot . 
1	1 . the ability to selectively switch to raw format during record review gives you incredible more post-processing flexibility . 
1	Supporting an operating system, Symbian OS, you can download and run a lot of programs on this phone.
1	Yes, the 1-800 number probably redirected me to someone in India, but the guy was easy to understand, and he helped solve the problem. 
0	the headphones are n't the best , but you can really expect much out of the small headphones you insert in the ear cavity . 
1	Whichever it may be, I'm happy I've made this purchase.  
1	It has one more resolution of 1024X768 and a "Normal" compression mode.  And, it has the 3X zoom.
0	-- > you 'll be changing track information a lot because the cd database information utilized by the software is mediocre at best . 
0	1 . the size is a little bit bigger than the ipod , and it weighs a little bit more . 
1	 Great speakers overall .
1	 Dialogue is very noticeably clearer .
1	 This is a plus with this netbook , the increased size of 1.6 inches means better and clear view of webpages and woks made in Office .
1	Bottom line, this camera will give you a lot of bang for the buck!
1	The Zen Micro is near perfect.   
0	the strap is horrible and gets in the way of parts of the camera you need access to . 
1	it is the most bang-for-the-buck out there . 
0	the grain was terrible . 
1	- speakerphone 
1	Regardless to this fact, I believe the Champ is the best way to go.
0	Unfortunately, Linksys does not write the best documentation.  
1	I absolutely love it. 
0	then my dvds would stop playing in the middle , or not even be read at all . 
0	You hit the message button on the front and it takes a matter of SECONDS to bring up the menu.
1	just received this camera two days ago and already love the features it has . 
0	they claim to respond in a 24 hour period yet it 's been 2 weeks without a reply . 
1	 At first I dealt with this as 18mbps was still REALLY fast .
0	It it is a bit heavy for hand held work, but any router this size will be.
1	Right out of the box, I loved it, better features than the Ipod, great sound quality and no limitations on what music sources I can use. 
1	. iTunes-- this is a love-hate relationship program; usually people with Mac like this program than people with a PC, but depending on your computer expertise, this could be a difficult program to use, and it is required for an iPod. 
1	it is crystal clear . 
1	this player seems to work fine with everything else . 
0	Sometimes a suite is not a good deal and all you get is a bundle of headaches.
1	User Interface: The software is simple and straight forward. 
1	 They sound really good just as the reviews say .
0	I wash ours out with lysol each time I empty it, and that helps, but when its hot out- well, just be prepared.
0	Well, I got my second player, and right out of the box it wasn't working right and once again, after consulting customer se!
1	it is just a tad small to hold to your ear with your shoulder , but that is solved with the very comfortable handsfree ear-piece which is included . 
1	Sharper pictures. 
0	finally you will read a post somewhere that all codes are useless for the apex 2600 . 
1	Its ability to record radio is useful as well, but would have been moreso if it could be preset.  
1	And also, since it is tri band and since it uses SIM-card, you can just use it in Europe and many other parts of the world, wherever GSM exists.
0	 I am so tired of Netgear 's product quality & customer service that I would NEVER recommend netgear products to anyone I know .
0	also , their t-zones , although cheap ( $ 4.99 / mo. ) never works . 
1	it is a very amazing product . 
0	The plunge action isn't smooth unless you make it so.
1	The Zen offered a great alternative. 
0	also , the carrying case that came with mine covers up the display , so even though the side controls are reachable , i have to open it up to see the display . 
0	 Addition on 4\/14\/2011 \*\*\* I 've just had the 2nd router of this model go bad inside of 5 months .
0	  Cons Breaks easily. 
0	bookmarks for example , are an excellent feature ... but not on this player .. . 
0	This isn't uncommon in cameras, though, just as long as you bring your charger and spare batteries, you should be fine.
1	I am very pleased with my purchase.
0	2 the camera is so small that when you attach some lenses i have the 19mm wide-angle -- wc-e 68 , the optical viewfinder is partially obscured . 
0	For example, in auto mode you can't use the flash redeye reduction, you must be in manual mode for that.
1	If you on the other hand always use automatic settings (and not manual) you should be just fine, as the camera features some of the best automatic settings I have ever seen.
1	On the whole, I'm quite happy with the purchase.  
1	But that is good for me because Symantec softwares are a bit hard to master for me who are not savvy on computers.
1	I'm in high school, and this camera is perfect for what I use it for, carrying it around in my pocket so I can take pictures whenever I want to, of my friends and of funny things that happen.
1	Although it has chubby hips, the device isn't really so big.
1	the nomad explorer provide most of the functionality offered by 3rd party programs like notmad . 
0	my only significant complaint is sound quality . 
0	after two weeks the picture kept freezing . 
1	Thankfully, Creative has come through with a product that puts the Ipod back in its place.  
1	 This is one of the nicest electronic devices that I 've ever owned .
1	i use this with a home theater system and it 's amazing how it sounds , the picture clarity is unmatched ! 
1	The thought of not having to buy refills and just using regular bags is awesome!
1	 This router is phenomenal !
0	 The first set I received had a loud audible tone coming from the speakers and had to be returned .
1	I love the rounded edges now, fits so much better in a pocket, jeans or suit. 
1	It also has tons more features then previous creative products, and most of them are very useful such as the ability to custimize the main menu to show the stuff you want, not the default items (creativelabs.com for more on that).  
0	Buying software that can not be installed normally and being put into the position of having a non-working computer.
1	3) Joy stick for eazy navigation, 35Mb memory card to store the pictures and stuff.
1	newbies will find the full auto setting will give them perfect pictures right out of the box . 
1	I downloaded a trial version of Computer Associates EZ Firewall and Antivirus and fell in love with a computer security system all over again.
0	i have tried many times to get a hold of apex who does n't seem to answer their emails and telephone number is constantly busy as ( i believe ) the one lonely customer service rep is probably extremely overworked . 
1	:! OK, score 7.0 Oh yes, the newest color of this phone is quite cool.
1	 With the small cost it packs a powerful wireless punch
0	the remote is okay , but i am not a fan of remotes with tiny buttons . 
0	relative to what i can easily achieve with external flash on my nikon slr , the internal flash on the g3 produces harsh , flat images with ugly hot spots . 
0	it wo n't play 80 % of my movies , which are all store boughten . 
1	The sound quality is superb, much better than that of an iPod, in my opinion.  
1	Creative did well on its rechargeable battery feature. .
1	This camera is so light and tiny that I literally carry it everywhere with me, which is great considering I'm an artist and like to capture interesting items for future painting.
0	This version of Internet Security 2004, is beyond hope.
0	Basically the 6600 is a bundle of over-hyped features you don't and won't need (if you do get yourself a PDA or pocket PC) , none of them work as they should , and the basic phone functions and ergonomics are less than average .
0	It barely holds anything and mine just puts a bunch of thread fuzzies all over the player, because the bag is cheap and seems to be coming apart.  
0	 D-Link got greedy and in trying to sell you their pathetic extras made the product unusable .
1	the digital zoom takes as good of pictures , as the optical zoom does ! 
1	I use it in the table (never take the springs out - just attach the fine adjustment knob), in my woodrat and freehand and it works great in all circumstances.
1	 I bought this monitor from computer direct a couple months ago , and I have been very satisfied with it so far .
1	I find that it is stable in my hands and its' weight actually contributes to that stability.
1	 These were only my first week impressions but , until now , I strongly recommend this product and I 'm very satisfied with it .
1	However, this ultracompact allows the photographer to personalize his or her shooting preferences through a variety of preset and user definable modes. 
0	 I 'm not very happy with this machine or Acer .
0	this model does have the traditional key arrangement , it 's just that they are really close to one another , and have unconventional shapes , so it takes a big getting used to for someone like me with big hands . 
1	overall it is the best camera on the market . 
0	Too bad the product is cumbersome and intertwined trying to do so much at one time.
0	From day one, we've had hangups, crashes, glitches, continual reboots, LONG shutdowns due to "ccApp.exe" program running which is a Norton program.
1	the screen 's large and easily read . 
1	the headphone earbuds are average , so just use your regular pair instead . 
0	other tagging problems result ( i think ) from the nomad 's operating system . 
1	i 'm really happy with this purchase . 
1	i love the continuous shot mode , which allows you to take up to 16 pix in rapid succession -- great for action shots . 
1	i am a picture fanatic so i consider myself picky and if your the same way this camera will not let you down.now buy it ! 
1	This is a well-made and powerful tool.
0	the player itself has all sorts of problems . 
0	I also removed the springs in the plunge  tubes to make it easier to raise.
1	it takes excellent pics and is very easy to use , if you read the manual . 
1	It's so cute...and behind the black panel it glows in a neon blue.   
0	the menu options are uncreative , as you can 't see a full screen of menu items to pick from ; you have to scroll up and down to find what you 're looking for ( yes , this is minor , but not when you 're trying to keep your eye on the road ! ) . 
1	I use the regular kitchen trash bags and it is so easy to empty.
0	 The iPod comes formatted for the Mac, but within seconds of plugging it into a PC, is automatically reformatted for Windows.  (The HP version comes with Windows formatting, and takes seconds to change to Mac.) Although the iPod can be changed from one format to another, you will lose all of your music and data when doing so. 
1	  20 GB OR 40 GB?  The pros of the 40 GB: Comes with a "dock station" and double storage space (10,000 songs).
0	I'm currently using a Sony Vaio S-150 (which I bought at the end of this past August), and it takes about five minutes just to boot the system - in fact, I've taken to just hibernating, rather than shutting down completely.
0	1 ) fragile ( i broke the 1st one within 10 days ) 
1	 Thats pretty much it , the speakers rock , the control station and remote are nifty , and the sub is powerful .
0	i had to return the remote on this product because it appeared to be defective . 
1	 Features: click wheel to navigate; ability to work with Windows or Mac; optional backlighting (you can have it on all the time, or have it shut off to save battery power after 5, 10, or 20 seconds); ability to download PDA info; automatic or manual download from iTunes when iPod is plugged into your computer. 
1	I also own a retail store and this little guy easily plugs into my AUX slot in the store's sound system.  
1	However, there is a more detailed PDF manual on the CD (and online) that should answer any questions about the operational features of the Zen Micro. 
0	i send my camera to nikon for servicing , took them a whole 6 weeks to diagnose the problem . 
0	The only reason for not giving it 5 stars: the claimed battery life of 12 hours is very optimistic - possible maybe if you really sit down and listen continuously for 12 hours without ever touching the player, but in real life I can probably get 6-8 hours at most. 
0	feedback on creative 's product support is universally poor ; this is not limited to the zen , it applies to all the company 's products . 
1	It has everything I needed: bluetooth, infrared, support for MMC, camera, and a good operating system with lots of supporting software.
1	Having done all this, I was quite pleased to see that all corners I needed were decently covered by the signal. 
1	while going for a cellphone , i was fully determined to buy a nokia only as it is the best in cellphones . 
1	bought the 30gb xtra a couple of weeks ago , and so far it has been excellent . 
0	It DOES take some getting used to. 
0	The LCD screen is too small since there are so many cameras that have larger ones.
0	headphones suck , i would invest in some cool ones since it has the eax feature . 
0	the volume key can be hard to press , but i think this may be by design rather than a flaw , perhaps to keep you from pressing it accidentally when you are in a call . 
1	you can move the focus range to almost anywhere in the scene with the push of a button , and it has an on-screen manual focus mode that would be really helpful if shooting a scene that is tough to automatically focus . 
1	 FireWire & USB2.0-- For those fortunate enough to have FireWire400, your in for a real treat with autosync.
0	what the g3 raw image software gives you is a fantasy world designed to please the uncritical . 
0	 Hooked up to the D-Link extreme N , connected speed dropped to 18mbps and wireless down to 8mbps .
0	The touch sreen navigation will take a little getting used to, but once you do, and while the Zen is still alive, it's a great alternative to the marching in lock step with the click wheel commies. 
0	i just bought one and returned it as defective for good reason . 
1	- sound quality : excellent , everything you would expect from this company . 
1	Built like a tank, yet nimble enough to be comfortably used with the Leigh dovetail jig.
0	Even when I set it to low, it's still very hard for me to adjust the player to where and what I want it to do.  
1	Decent Battery-- On the average size, but the 40GB comes with a dock.  
0	 Also, some other MP3 players such as the Nitrus allow you to play WMA (Windows Media Audio) files, whereas the iPod does NOT. 
0	 The controls are hard to see and not intuitive .
1	 The monitors were both good .
1	very intuitive menus are a big plus on this camera . 
1	I give this product five stars for its usability,performance, expandability, and definitely looks!
0	There were many times when I clicked the automatic shutter and nothing happens. 
0	software - the software is crap . 
0	it played only one out of three dvd 's without problems , the other two being afflicted by a number of glitches . 
1	naturally i did quite a bit of review before purchasing ( i recomend www.nomadness.net ) , and price-wise zens are unbeatable . 
0	the front cover ( which you remove to take out the battery ) feels flimsy but when snapped on , the device still feels pretty solid . 
1	well , it was nice while it lasted . 
1	- light , compact design 
1	 I loved the sound of these and the Polk and Klipsich floorstandings of similar characteristics .
1	I use the same store-brand tall kitchen trash bags I already use in the kitchen for it -- no special "diaper" trash bags necessary.
1	 I went out and got the Canon today. 
0	Again, every review written about the Tech Line is true...after waiting close to 45 minutes I finally spoke to a rep.
1	 However , if speed , reliability , and power to transmit a signal across the house are your requirements , then this router will do the job .
0	 The only negative thing about this was the instructions for adjusting the display were not very clear and it took a little time to figure out how to do it .
0	in fact , each of my creative mp3 players had software problem in the first place . 
1	I'm sure I don't use it to the degree of some of the other purchasers, but I really like it!
1	 You can even use the ipod to store files from your pc and export your outlook files to it.
0	i can only hear the sound but no picture ! 
0	  * You can't turn the volume up very high, but I think this might be for health reasons. *
0	I have overall been disappointed with Nokia in the past, finding that Samsung and Motorola tended to have better quality phones.
1	The bottom line is "Phone is cool one - only for the moment, as its the latest phone in the market and has all the new features, but this will soon be displaced by upcoming newer phones".
0	creative zen feedback suffers from construction quality , poor product support , difficulty of using the scroll wheel and reasonably consistent feedback about problems with the headphone jack . 
1	i thought i 'd have to buy a set of headphones to use with it , but the included earbuds work quite well . 
1	the zennx will keep running for the price of a replacement battery , just like any other battery-powered appliance . 
0	It is not a perfect product but it does have a lot going for it.  
0	one of the dvd 's i received as a christmas present kept freezing . 
0	but when we went to use it again , there was sound but no picture . 
0	1-A cell phone is to make CALLS , in other words , quality of reception and mic/speaker are the most important , the 6600 has a relatively low volume speaker , you'd have to press it hard against your ear to hear anything the other person is saying , unless the surroundings were completely quiet .
0	 You can blame the bad chat support or the repair technicians for that because I gave all the information I could .
0	in fact , i 'd have to rate it among the worst i 've ever encountered . 
0	When you dial a number, you'll need to check the screen to see that the number entered is correct.
1	Its  not a perfect system but its a very good one.
1	The nokia 6600 is a great phone, good games, good camera.
1	5 ) its focusing system is also very flexible . 
1	 Battery last longer too .
0	 USB Network storage - `` supposedly '' it 's slow .
0	Just don't get drawn into T-Mobile's catchy rebate.
1	definetely a great camera . 
1	 I really enjoy this product .
1	plusses are the easy to remove battery and the terrific sound produced by the nomad . 
0	the fact that the " 0 " key is the space key for text input is a bit confusing , as many phones use the " # " key instead . 
1	the player does seem to play dvds adequately enough . 
1	 The color is red and is so attractive !!
0	I haven't seen any problems yet, but if you don't like to tinker a bit, this player can be a little challenging to set up.  
1	 I highly recommend this device !
1	And it fits right in my pocket much easier than my old S30. 
1	compared to other leading hdd mp3 players , the value per gb is the tops . 
1	this phone is highly recommended otherwise . 
1	 Logitech 's N550 Speaker Lapdesk wins in the area of comfort .
0	The downside being that the Tivo can only connect at 802.11b speeds and not 802.11g. 
0	Apple's iPod battery replacement service costs $100! 
1	 The product I rate five stars, 
0	Apple closed their island to anything that resembled Microsoft, and clearly let Napster know it could not use their products with Napster's services. 
0	 There is one very annoying problem with this model though : the keyboard is `` sticky '' - meaning , despite this tablet is brand new and just arrived , when I press and release a key on the keyboard it acts as if I kept it pressed , continuing to type the same character again and again .
1	High quality video and pictures rock!
0	If the plunging action is critical to your work, look elsewhere.
0	Basically, I ate the cost of the renewal and ate the cost of the Tech Help.
0	I then tried to set up the router through Linksys's browser interface, but as the only instructions available tell you to use the installation CD, I had little luck - I did manage to connect briefly, but the connection kept dropping, and with no idea of how to resolve THAT issue, I gave up.   
1	and for those that are intrested the recharger works anywhere in the world ( and is quite small ). 
1	A wise investment for the pocketbook & for the nose!!!
1	I love this phone.
1	The sound is great, the portability, etc... all the "stuff" you expect from a good MP-3 player, this Zen Micro has it. 
0	e ) the case is too small -- it took me like a half hour just to get this monstrosity to fit in its cage 
0	its quiet . 
1	 Our connection and speed immediately soared once it was online and our network was set up .
0	Secondly, in addition to the lag each time you give a command, it's just not that easily useable on the go.
0	When taking pictures of people, however, it shows EVERY flaw in the subject's skin.
0	if you want to rename a cd title that you have already transferred , you will become frustrated quite quickly . 
0	I've had to install and uninstall them four or five times so far, and I've not to get either product working properly.
1	Fortunately for me, I have yet to have a single problem with this player.  
0	On the downside, I think the interface takes some getting used to and the Zen software !
0	b ) the screen is hard to read -- the cover hides it an already annoying poorly lit display 
0	The battery, as others have said, also seems weaker than Creative suggests.  
0	The box proudly displays "SecureEasySetup (TM)" "Wireless Made Simple" "One Touch Setup Button" "Easy Start" "Easy Security" "Easy Everyday"   Apparently Linksys/Cisco knows that ease of setup is crucial. 
1	ITunes can be downloaded from the enclosed CD or for free from the Apple site.    
1	I upgraded both my card and router and really had no problems with installation on my Sony VAIO laptop (XP operating system).  
0	To install that version you have to uninstall from the window registery anything called Symantec or Nortron,... also from the common files in the program folder the symantec folder has to be deleted.
0	I read many reviews on Norton I.S. 2004 from a variety of sources (Cnet, Amazon, message boards) and came to the conclusion that NIS 04 was a terrible product and not worth the update.
1	Everything shines of quality.  
0	Buttons size is OK for me, my wife, but not my grany.
0	 The problem is that the fastest speed anything has connected to it has been around 72MB\/s , even when in the same room .
0	 There is no speaker grill to offer any protection to the driver .
0	i forgot , the case does n't fit . 
0	I have read the installation instructions for both NIS 2004 and NAV 2004 prior to installation, but still ended up with the same result...junk software.
1	Can recommend the Hitachi in this ergonomic arena -- at the price quoted on Amazon it is a bargain.
1	i selected the 4300 right away and have gotten high quality pictures every time . 
0	But, sometimes, if the Champ is too full, the flip handle won't function.
1	Sound quality? Phenomenal. 
0	i read in consumer reports that apex is a reliable brand , but with my experience and reading the other reviews , i think i will be doing a little more homework before considering another apex product . 
0	the setup process for the nomad is infuriating , and the interface with the player is sub-par . 
0	3 ) with mediasource being so easy , i found no use for the bundled nomad explorer software . 
0	I think it is a combination of the program size taking up resources and the open/close scanning that it does with every program.
1	i have not had any distortion problems with this phone and am more pleased with this phone than any i 've used before . 
1	at double-speed ( 2x forward speed ) , it still plays mp3s with sound -- they are pitch-corrected and smooth , but twice as fast ! 
1	I've had nothing but good luck with T-Mobile.
1	And I must say...this MP3 is very cool.  
1	If you don't mind all the buttons being touch sensitive, I'd recomment buying it to try out, and also buy an extra 2 year warrenty for it (there are some offered here, for about $15 dollors I think).  
0	They last about 1 1/2 years until the problems start.
0	 The sound quality is very poor .
1	the memory will hold an amazing amount of songs , my entire collection of cd 's will all fit on this great little tiny piece of digital fun . 
0	i am disappointed and looking elsewhere for something that can withstand the " rigor " of a business traveler . 
0	finally , i reiterate my thumbs-down rating for t-mobile as a carrier . 
1	This player is fantastic in terms of audio quality, ease of use, and features. 
1	I've had a lot of cameras, but this one is ACTUALLY being used, and not stored in a desk: it's allways in my shist pocket.
1	Believe me when I say this I have used and fingered all Nokia phones and the 6600 has the best keypad
0	The other pail I used started to smell after 2 weeks of use.
0	 It has an equalizer, but the iRiver H10-20GB has a lot more presets than the iPod. 
1	usb 2.0 - very fast 
0	3- It is SLOW , if you keep the original configuration and progs (why'd u buy it then ?!) it'll run smoothly , but still slower than most other coloured-screen Nokias .
0	Seems the "program scan" feature did NOT find the EXE file for Outlook!
1	Even during the firmware updates my roommates did not loose wireless connectivity.  
1	i highly recommend this phone to anyone . 
1	 I followed the easy instructions in the manual , and once online at the router 's login , there is a setup Wizard which will work with your OS if you choose to use it .
1	It is easy to install and change the ordinary trash bags, easy to clean, and most important, easy to use one handed - just insert folded dirty diaper and flip the handle.
0	i loved it until it broke , but less than a month is not an acceptible period of time for something to work . 
0	Booting up my computer took forever!!!
0	  If there were any complaints I have, they are marginal, but one is Apples' properietary set-up for music files, their incompatibility with other music services (i.e. Napster) is down right wrong.
0	You must keep double checking depths.
0	one also exhibited extremely slow speed when going to the menu . 
0	2 . it takes a while for the camera to actually capture the photograph from the time you click the button and i have seen people becoming a little impatient waiting for the flash to glow . 
0	The only knock I have is that the flash is underpowered. 
0	Of course, if you try to reach Symantec customer service you get useless automated systems unless you want to pay $30 per incident.
1	lots of sound options , has an equalizer almost like winamp with the options . 
0	A couple of times a week it seems to cease access to the internet. 
1	+looks snazzy +smaller than a pack of smokes - easily transported +ac charger included as well as a hardshell that comes with a clip and a stand adapter +USB cable !
0	it is slightly larger than an ipod , no doubt about it . 
1	And it is EXTREMELY well-priced for what you're getting. 
1	 I have this monitor for a month now and I 'm very pleased with it .
1	I, as many others, have waited for many years for the convergence of price, features, size and ease of use to hit that happy center point.
1	i love this player and would probably go with creative labs again . 
1	canon have packed a lot in here and the options and controls are easy to use and logically laid out . 
0	i 've attempted to connect this unit to several different tvs , using a multitude of connection methods , and i still can 't get a video signal from the machine . 
0	It's too bad, though, that !
0	this player is not worth any price and i recommend that you do n't purchase it . 
1	 This is a preference , but since these speakers are more than capable of loud levels , I 'd be willing to sacrifice some efficiency to have an enclosed woofer that is much more accurate and less ... redolent of a teenager 's car system .
1	It has it all.
0	- no option for caller-id pictures or individualized ringtones . 
0	My fingers are kind of stubby so it took a while to learn how to hit a key without hitting the adjacent ones.
0	My only complaint and the reason I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 is that the on-camera controls aren't as intuitive as they should be.
0	In noisy environment, it's hard to hear from the earpiece.
0	have tried to contact apex via e-mail ( customerservice@apexdigital.com ) , but the e-mail address is not valid . 
1	 For the cost of this product i could not ask for more .
0	Also, the fit and finish could be better although this doesn't detract from performance.
0	the dvd player does not work properly . 
1	 Vocals have greater clarity with the iHome as well .
1	I can tell using the phone that it feels a little flimsier than Motorolas do, but as long as I'm not planning on dropping the phone or running over it with my car it should be just fine.
1	- the unit itself its well structured , with just the buttons you need and none you do n't . 
1	one neat thing - i have taken some pictures in what i thought would be impossible lighting conditions pitch black rooms - no problem for the camera - rooms looked like they had ample lighting . 
1	I got this camera for an unbelievably low price at amazon.
0	* main dial is not backlit . 
1	when you turn on your player , the player turns on really fast , and the music continues to play , as you left it when you were turning it off . 
0	I say adequate because it was enough to get wireless working, but nowhere near enough instruction to do the proper configuration job that I could have done if so!
0	quite simply , the firmware and / or the os that control this thing is not ready for prime time . 
1	first of all , my calls were loud and clear , unlike with sprint . 
0	scroll button - the scroll wheel was a nice idea to keep less clutter , but the button would sometimes get stuck or keep scrolling . 
0	i have sent my ad2600 back to apex because it wo n't play certain disney and other dvd movies ( no disc message ) . 
0	apex does n't answer the phone . 
1	 This sleek looking monitor is absolutely awesome !!
1	The Champ did not start letting a little odor through until well over a year.
0	The collet for the 1/4 inch bits is a pain to get in and even harder to get out.
1	I did like the heft of the machine.
0	kind of bulky and the wheel is awkward , but i can deal with that . 
1	 It 's loud and the quality is good .
1	 I 've had this monitor for over a year and I absolutely LOVE IT !
1	the features are really cool like the radio . 
0	but the earbuds suck ! 
0	his is what I get for my $200 on this MP3 player?  
0	the one i purchased for a frend as a gift will not read any dvd disc . 
0	- The outlook synch only works for non recurring appointments, which personally is very annoying to me but probably wont be to most people. - ##Several people complained about the touchpad and frankly i'm starting to see why. 
0	 When the SecureSpot free trial finishes , they ask you to buy it and when you do n't , it stops working well .
0	HOWEVER, I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS PRODUCT AND WITH SYMANTEC.
0	 The only problem I have is the clicker on the mouse pad is stiff .
1	Go for the Champ.
0	The controls are hard to manipulate, especially in the dark. 
0	The menu pops up after 3 seconds The picture takes a while to load from its slow card memory.
0	It seems like you need to park yourself right next to a radio tower for the Micro to pull in a strong sound.  
1	If you are just looking for something to keep with you at all times, then this is a great camera choice.
1	The good:  Small size; durable-seeming metal case; easy to use; visually distinctive; good picture quality; fast USB connection; mostly intuitive operation; really cool PhotoStitch software that knits pictures together to give wide panoramas.
0	8mb for a camera like this is a joke . 
0	 The main problems for me is that the dsub cord from the sub to the control station is too short .
1	I must admit its not the best looking phone ever but then it has this look of static and absolute conviction that looks like everything a phone should be
0	 You can not get decent mid-range or bass at lower levels without inaccurate booming from the sub woofer no matter how you tweak the levels .
0	It was immediately noticeable that NIS slows down my computer (Pent4, 256 RAM).
0	it does n't have firewire , not a real complaint since most windows users do n't generally have firewire cards themselves . 
0	nice machines , but i consider their quality pretty low now . 
1	nokia does not disappoint in this model . 
1	Builtin microphone is great for recording short voice notes. 
0	the only drawbacks i 've encountered are : 1 indoor shots from a distance > 8ft lack contrast and color , but i 've found this to be a problem with all cameras with built-in flashes that i 've used even on a nikon slr . 
1	 Convenience because it works through the USB port .
1	I'm not sure why all the bad reviews, my computer isn't especially slowed down and I have Win'98.
0	After reading reviews of LCD problems, cracked, black blobs etc, I figured that it was probably a very limited problem. 
1	This is the best purchase I've made in a very long time.
0	But if I installed either one of these Norton products, neither works after installation?
0	 I was dissapointed that Acer was n't more helpful .
0	i 've had this thing for less than a month , treated it quite well , never dropped it , and the headphone jack is all screwed up . 
1	Whether you are using disposable or cloth diapers, this is the truly the only diaper pail to get!
1	 If I were to rate these speakers on my listening needs , I would give a 2.5 stars , but I 'm giving 4 because I think they do the job that most people want them for .
0	i did have to put a little work into renaming some duplicate file names to get all my music on my zen xtra but it was n't a big problem . 
0	the only downside i see is that it does n't look like you can manage playlists from the nomad , it has to be done from the computer . 
1	Get great themes and wallpapers for this phone and many many polyphonic rings.
1	 This computer has an excellent screen size and quality -LRB- for a netbook -RRB- .
1	The installation, set-up, and operating interfaces are well organized and intuitive and the email spam component works well.
0	2- It is bulky and the small buttons on the sides are sloppy to use .
1	This is an excellent router for the price.
1	4mp , 4x optical zoom , takes absolutely beautiful photos with detail that challenges all of the above 5mp cameras , easy to understand and use ( has a great swivel lcd screen ) , a lot of features and add-on options , comes with great software ( not to be overlooked ) , and last but by far not least , received my fiance 's stamp of approval ( two thumbs up ! ) 
1	Norton pops up a window about the intrusions and gives me as much detail as possible about where the intrusion is coming from.
0	1 . pictures wo n't transfer to pc directly from the camera using the included transfer cable . 
1	the nokia 6610 is a relatively new phone , and what a great phone it is . 
0	Their site offers no live help at all.
0	the only beef i can raise in this regard is the pop-off face , that sometimes comes off a bit easily , but besides that it 's perfect . 
1	all other buttons are pretty sensitive to touch and work well . 
1	 Without a doubt I would say that these speakers have the same sound quality as the jbl on stage , and are truly portable -LRB- can be played without a power outlet , I love that feature -RRB- .
0	when i hooked it up it only produced sound - a cd played fine , but with a dvd i only got the audio - no picture ! 
0	I had a lot of problems setting it up, since the software given along with it is buggy. 
1	It doesn't bog down under load.
0	creating playlists using the included software to minimize issue 3 was n't as easy as i would have liked . 
1	 Very good range and seemed to be better in the horizontal position .
1	The panorama setting is unbelieveable !
1	A distinct IPod relation is evident with white colored cables, power plug and the very nice Zen case with a white rubber inside covering.  
1	The ones I've kept (Porter Cables, Dewalts, Bosch, and this Hitachi) have proven their worth over the years, however, when I need a real workhorse, I grab this router.
0	There are 2 things that need fixing  First is the battery life. It will run for 6 hrs without problems with medium usage of the buttons. 
1	It came with a good fence that  is simple yet precise and thats well made and won't break.
1	Utility Its got a huge list of features including an FM Recorder a Calender and contacts list. 
0	The pictures are a little dark sometimes.
0	Gets stinky after a few months, the seal on the piston doesn't seal anymore.
1	But from my experience, by the time it gets to that point, the bag is really heavy, so I think this is kind of helpful- it's a built-in way of keeping the bag manageable upon emptying.
0	The Hitachi collet simply was not ground accurately.
0	you even can not navigate by genre / artist / album since under genre you get just all tracks in that genre , no other division . 
0	When you consider expandability (downloads via computer), the numerous features, two transmission programs and multiple storage devices, dependability - this is a phone that isn't easy to out-grow.
0	It locked during install and I had to reformat the drive and start from scratch (GRRRRRR!)
1	 This is a great product and carries a lot of pride in its networking capabilities for the price !
0	 Or maybe Netgear so screwed up the firmware for this device that it does n't know what to do .
1	the possibilities with auto , manual , and the very helpful " scene " mode , which offers 11 optimized situational settings like portrait , landscape , beach / snow , sunset etc. , are endless . 
0	 However , since I am in an office , I normally keep them at a pretty low volume , and at low volumes , they sound a little weak .
1	This is really a nice diaper pail.
1	This was possible due to the variable speed settings for any sized bit.
1	 This portable speaker is easy to use , powerful enough for everyday use , and available at a pretty decent price .
1	the optical zoom works great and the 14x digital zoom is a very nice addition although pictures at the highest digital zoom are a little blurry . 
0	Even the PDF manual that comes with it is pretty vague for someone not familiar with "MAC settings", etc. 
0	I registered for this item because of the good reviews it got, however I was not impressed.
1	 it sounds great out on the patio or on my night stand .
1	 I took a chance with this new product and am pleased , except in six months it will cost half of what I paid , but that 's the price for current state of the art .
1	 For those who want the thump that this is capable of producing -LRB- very good for a computer speaker -RRB- , this is probably necessary .
1	 The speakers themselves sound really good .
1	I've connected the phone with two laptops and a iPaq 4155.
1	Also, I am quite partial to the Creative MediaSource Organizer and Player software, which I had with Audigy ZS sound card originally; it is definitely an added plus.  
0	 The remote control and reciever not so good .
0	I downloaded this set from Norton, and within minutes my Internet connection failed and my PC was almost dead due to registry problems from the download.
1	The Creative Zen Micro, at first glance, is a dream come true for all mp3 and music lovers. 
1	I have had no problem either with backward compatiaibility, in that the "mixed mode" feature lets you both 54 and 11 Mb cards off the router.     
1	While I have not had the "privilege", as many call it, of owning an Ipod, based on the experience of friends who have had some misfortune with their Ipod (and subsequently purchased the Zen Touch or Zen Micro), I can pretty much rest assured that my decision to purchase the Zen Micro was one of the more informed ones.
1	 I verified the signal strengths with a laptop and there was no problem there .
1	  Overall the iPod really is an almost flawless beast. The capacity in the 20 GB is more than I think most people would ever need and, for the price, I highly recommend it.
1	overall this is the best phone i have ever owned . 
0	Only then did I learn the truth -- THIS PHONE DOES NOT WORK WITH PALM PDAS!
1	digital zoom is clear too...say you used all 3x optical zoom, try to do digital zoom then...just try not to shake the camera at all and you'll still get a clear good quality picture
0	The flash is very weak.
1	over all a fantastic very compact camera , which made us experience photography on a totally new level ! 
1	it is small . 
0	The touch pad does take a little getting used to. 
1	So the pretty solid router all around good for the money  here's the link to firmware updates http://www.sveasoft.com/forum6.html      
0	They have a good concept here, and I normally expect a lot better quality from Creative, so maybe they will do better with the next gen version, but for now I say buyer beware.  
0	the entire unit was poorly crafted . 
0	What I dont like: Nothing much except Headphones, Belt clip design. 
0	If you've been listening to cd's in your car for awhile, dealing with the drop-off in sound quality may take some getting used to. 
1	Clear the call logs once in a while to speed up the phone people!!!
1	I love this pail!
0	 I 've viewed numerous different monitor models since I 'm a college student and this particular monitor had as poor of picture quality as any I 've seen .
0	 I find it too bright .
0	software downloads on the site crashed my pc . 
1	This product is by far the best Broadband Router on the market, I bought this to replace one of those Linksys Instant Wireless B routers, worked great for about a year. 
1	All in all, this is the camera for you if you can spare the extra cost in price. 
0	i did not managed to make creative nomad explorer to work . 
0	Unfortunately, the touch-pad issues [non-intuitive] and poor instruction guide killed it. 
1	Its nice look is also a plus.
0	i have excellent hearing but the volume level on this phone is especially quiet . 
1	I love how small the thing is, and the blue glow - I've had it for two weeks with no electronic problems at all.  
1	As opposed to the Nomad II or any other flash based player, the songs load extremely fast...about one or two seconds per song. 
0	i immediately had problems getting the player to recognize two of my favorite dvds . 
1	All in all, this is a wonderful device.  
1	simply , the canon g3 is the best digital camera out there today at this price point . 
1	 Would definatley recommend to a friend and its volume can fill a small house for such a small speaker system .
1	The picture quality of this camera is outstanding (taking its' size and price into consideration).
1	This is my first MP3 player and I am so impressed with what such a small device can do.  
1	I still need to read up on some of the security settings, etc to fully understand all that's up there, but bottom-line is that the installation was like night and day compared to the Speedboost router. 
0	i would have liked to have given it 4 1/2 stars docking that 1/2 star only for the size . 
1	 As always , super quick shipping by Amazon , items arrived in great shape .
1	This program enables the user to batch convert and convert audio files from one format to another. 
0	The digital zoom is crap.
1	* slick-looking design and improved interface 
1	2.  It can be operated with one hand - Leaving a hand on your baby on the changing table.
1	 It works fine without the dock , but it 's shaky and unstable .
0	It was impossible to change the speed with just my fingers.
0	So I e-mailed the online tech support with that simple question, and got a reply which was totally unresponsive (it looked as though they didn't actually read the e-mail and just sent back a few boilerplate paragraphs).
0	First, it serious, serious installation problems.
1	great colors , pictures and white balance . 
0	focusing on a display rack about 20 feet away in a brightly lit room during day time , pictures produced by this camera were blurry and in a shade of orange . 
0	I tried to use the FM radio option, but it doesn't seem to really pick up the stations I listen, however I am going to try it in a different location, it may have just been my residential location.   
0	I thought given all the "10" reviews about this camera that I would buy it in spite of being a bit pricey. 
0	If this machine just stops on you, unplug it quickly and get out of the way!
0	Unfortunately I was wrong.  
1	+ i had no problem using musicmatch software already on my computer to load songs and albums onto this unit 
0	The adjustment knob seemed ok, but when lowering the router, I have to practically pull it down while turning the knob.
0	just too numerous to list: FM radio, which has weak reception, but at least it there, and a microphone, to name just two. 
1	the lcd screen was very large and readable . 
1	range of functions - as indicated above - it has something for everyone : point and shoot power plus advanced functions for those who are serious about photography . 
1	yes , i recommend it over the competition . 
1	This way I never have to be ripped off by the carrier for stupid ringtones, I can get whatever I want.
0	 They are a bit top heavy , as any tower will be .
1	this is a great camera for you ! 
0	The Linksys technical support site has nothing about configuring the router for use with a Mac. 
1	even with these shortcomings , i still think it is the best digital camera available under $ 1200 . 
0	the cons are n't really a big deal to me ... except one con that does annoy me is the way it stores files ... no folder structure ... and it 's based on the title of the songs ... many of my songs where seperated into folders ( on the pc ) ... and a few had same titles ... so i had to change the titles to make sure that i did n't have any that might be the same as another . 
1	you can record your voice and turn it into a ringtone.
0	Multiple users on one machine never seemed to behave like you'd expect.
1	We use regular kitchen sized garbage bags.
1	the software is very easy to use , and within 30 minutes of opening my box , i was out and about listening to any one of my 80 cds . 
1	it has all the features one would need in a cellphone . 
1	it does have a lense cap , but it wo n't let you take pics with it on which is real good . 
0	And, other else,  the camera is still VGA.
1	they take excellent macro shots as well . 
0	- this did not feel like quality construction and i was n't sure how long it would last . 
1	5 ) the cheap , user-replaceable battery ( $ 50 from creative ) is a great advantage over the ipod 's battery which costs $ 100 to replace . 
1	 The first 2 routers worked good for years .
0	As for the Zen Micro:\  Cons:  I read that every button is touch sensitive, and thats very annoying when all the main buttons are on the front. 
0	I tried to call Norton, and the only numbers they list on their sites are either for Non-tech Customer Service (tried this one and hung up after 75 minute of MUZAC) or they have a $30 tech-support number.
0	For last one month my Rebate status showing me that my rebate is apporved and check is delivered but still I am waiting for Check.
0	 <p> It 's not lite on weight ... so sad ... I definately recommend it to anyone out there .
0	 Only issue is with updating firmware .
0	 SETUP SOFTWARE - For my application , I found the setup software on the enclosed CD to be useless .
0	I see many other reviews that say the same....stay away from Norton, they don't deserve you, or anyone!
1	 Does what it should and the sound seems fine to me .
0	 The router failed today -LRB- completely dead -RRB- , when I need to work from home due to heavy snow !
0	2 the battery life seems to be on the short side but adequate for most situations . 
0	controls are a bit awkward . 
0	 I would not recommend this or any Acer product to anyone except perhaps my ex .
1	i had no problems following their installation instructions . 
1	 The ability to connect an external hard drive to the router is a nice feature when backing up from my various computers .
0	The eq is awful, and even at top volumes, the bass is flat sounding. 
1	 If you have netbook expectations you will be pleasantly surprised by how well this baby runs .
1	 These are good looking , durable speaker stands .
1	 Both are absolutely great items .
0	 Due to the lack of support for WHS \/ UPNP \/ Guestnetwork , and having just dropped the bones for this router , I was very unimpressed .
1	great quality picture and features . 
0	for example , i tried playing my new " pirates of the carribean " extra features dvd , but this dvd player can not read it . 
0	The only problem I had was a few components didn't quite load correctly upon startup, but a reboot fixed the problem.
0	I have a modern PC with lots of speed and memory, but this firewall just brought it to a halt.
1	the player has firmware , which will remove the glitches , if there are any . 
0	 material is on the cheap side .
1	simple click buttons , back buttons volume and display are very easy to read , access and use . 
1	it does n't smell like burning plastic when you open the drive . 
1	 That is surface stuff , but the speed and memory is very good .
0	software definitely sucks , hangs up my notebook about half the time , but i do n't mind buying notmad . 
1	The first one lasted about 6 years of heavy use.
1	I also like the fact that you can edit your MP3 titles, etc. 
1	I highly recommend this!
1	 However , I now have it running nicely and it produces a nice picture .
0	If you call apple and tell them your ipod has been damaged, they charge you roughly $105.50 per minute and blame you for "abusing" your ipod.
1	With one of the most intuitive user-interfaces around, seamless bluetooth sync with Microsoft Outlook, support for thousands of applications for the Symbian platform which this phone runs on (I own the IR Remote, ICQ and a few others), the Nokia 6600 is all of the above - one of the few phones from T-Mobile that can claim such a distinction.
0	( on here of course ) also , a couple dvd 's would n't play and they were new ones ! 
1	i 've only had it a week , but so far , everything about this camera is making me happy . 
0	 It 's flimsy plastic and the monitor bounces around while you type .
0	It's not as stylized as a Sony or Samsung.
0	I tried disabling the various components provided with this product, paring it all the way back to anti-virus only service... and saw no improvement.
1	Their website had a download that helped remove those, although I had to manually remove a good number of files from the "Programs" directory.
0	 Simply this product was created and was left behind !
1	 The sound is just fine. 
0	do not buy this product -- 
1	 These speakers are a greatg value I use them as rear speakers with polk fronts and center .
0	 Range was comparable to , or possibly slightly worse than the old Linksys router I had been using for years .
0	I mean, they're short!
1	The software is very easy to use, and the transfer is super fast!  
0	poor visibility on the keys . 
0	Even the "shorter" battery life, though, has not impaired my positive experience with the Zen Micro in any way. 
1	i found using mediasource to load your songs to the nomad jukebox to be much easier and faster than using windows explorer . 
0	I would imagine this is a problem with any camera of a compact nature. 
0	This is a terrible company with a bad product and awful support.
0	i called apex 's support number numerous times but it just kept ringing . 
1	oh ... and file transfers are fast & easy . 
0	Stay away from this product!
0	However, Symantec has taken a significant turn for the worse with this release.
1	after a lengthy and extensive journey for a feature-loaded , high performance , travel size camera , i initially gravitated to this little gem because of the superior picture quality 4 mega pixel . 
0	Once again it won't reinstall, even with online and email assistance from Symantect Technicians.
0	 The connection is not reliable and constantly dropped .
0	the on-off button feels somewhat flimsy , and has an awkward , tiny little lock-out button that needs to be depressed to turn on the camera . 
1	third , creative software allows you to keep two windows open to look at both the content on the player and the computer . 
1	The Nokia 660 runs the Symbian OS, which works pretty well for most standard phone fare, most of the stuff is not that intuitive, but if you actually learn how to use it all, there's plenty of neat tie-ins.
0	Also, for those that complain that the Diaper Champ isn't as effective as time passes, keep the following in mind: AS BABIES GET OLDER, THEIR DIETS CHANGES (aka SOLID FOODS!) AND SO DOES THE SMELL OF THEIR DIAPERS!
1	I love that you don't have to purchase expensive refills.
1	 They are clears and perfect to be used along with a sub .
0	The video recorders a bit odd, sometimes I get 9 secs on my recordings, sometimes I get 17.
0	The biggest problem is the installation.
0	i fully expect it to go bad again in the same or some other way in the next 6 months because , as other reviewers have pointed out , the construction is pretty flimsy . 
0	neither message was answered ( they ask for 24 hours before replying - i 've been waiting 27 days . ) 
0	the player 's mechanics are also flawed . 
0	it is embarassing getting phone calls from family members telling you that the dvd player you gave them less that 3 months ago is no longer working . 
0	The only problem is that occasionally the joystick does start to dig into your thumb while gaming.
1	way less expensive than the ipod . 
0	You'll do that because the keys are tightly packed in and your fingers will likely press two keys at once.
1	The clarity is unbelievable, which means you can cram almost the full 2,5!
0	The customer support is pathetic.
1	as a whole , the dvd player has a sleek design and works fine . 
0	These people takes lest effort to process rebate forms.
0	no way to contact their customer service . 
1	If you're looking for a 3hp plunge router, the Hitachi M12V is your best bet to stretch your equipment budget.
0	i am bored with the silver look . 
1	sound quality is wonderful , i really like the smart volume sound normalization . 
0	Because Steve Jobs is a twisted individual and he made sure that he ruined this device by giving it an UNREPLACABLE 18 MONTH BATTERY. 
0	well just one con - its not really plug and play at first i mean its very confusing to start the program but one you do it , it will be a breeze . 
1	i have had no problems with the phone . 
1	 The speakers perform very well , and with the bass boost , the sound fills outs exceedingly well .
1	longer battery life , greater accessibility to online music services , and pc compatibility are the sensibilities . 
1	it makes up for this by being extremely easy to use with well laid out controls that can be learned quickly . 
0	battery life is about 1/4 of that advertised , no operators manual available for any of the nomad zen players ( on or off-line ) , occasional software lockups , replacement battery is expensive 
0	. even the slightest of the shakes totally distorts your image 
0	the interface used could be better designed . 
1	When the overall image quality (especially natural colours, details, natural looking of the pictures) is the most important thing, then this camera ist top notch and very impressive. 
0	in other words , the zen is not a convenient data storage device ; only buy the capacity you need for your music collection ( see point 1. for some sizing information ) . 
0	the dynamic playlists ( " now playing " , i belive creative calls it ) feels very awkward at times and some menus simply take to long to get to and operate .. . 
1	first let me say that it is much smaller than it looks on the web and it also looks better . 
1	it has a classic design yet looks hip . 
1	 The way I have to put in my I-Pod was a little tricky but when it was done the speakers sound really good .
1	first , the battery is replacable by the user , because creative intended it to be - unlike apple with the ipod . 
0	 Exasperated at 3 AM , I called it quits and will be sending this awful , deceptive product back .
1	i have stored around 60 cd 's ( at 160kbps ) on this and have barely touched the available memory . 
1	 No dropouts , good signal strength all over my three story house -LRB- unit is located on the top floor -RRB- and very user friendly in the setup and security aspects .
1	 The sound quality is excellent, accessing the music is easy, and the controls are generally well thought out. 
0	 The Klipsh subwoofer is laughable .
0	Hard drive screws up occasionally
0	 I will have to wholeheartedly agree with others here about the quality of this speaker .
0	I am giving a zero star to symantec for this version!
0	I saw a few complaints on the load time of menus and I feel people are over-exaggerating the menu load time.
1	 Bass fanatics , look at the S120PII .
1	 I love this speakers .
1	 The windows 7 premium is good -LRB- do n't recommend starter -RRB- and user friendly .
1	 Best HT upgrade I 've made in over 2 years .
0	regarding pc software support nokia suite does not work with some versions of xp as i tried to connect my phone via infrared port on my laptop . 
1	so far the software for the pc works easily . 
0	Still, that's enough time that I'm still satisfied, if a bit grouchy with Creative's overhyped promises.    
0	 The new router worked well for 2 months after which it had failed .
0	3 months of use and it no longer recognizes anything . 
1	First 4 months it was in our bedroom and we did not even smell any odor.
1	it surpasses my greatest expectations in a 4mp camera .. 
1	The new router came with an updated setup utility that makes getting the router installed a fairly straight forward process. 
0	I sent Creative customer service 3 emails in which they did not help me one bit and don't seem to even want to help.  
1	it seems to be working fine , but we 've not used it all that much . 
1	The panorama modes are wonderful.
1	 - If you want loud , boomy bass , this does the job very well for a computer speaker -LRB- no , these are n't going to hit as hard as larger power-guzzling woofers , but they perform as nice as or better than many home theater woofers I 've heard -RRB- .
0	During install, NIS would either freeze or not reboot properly when asked to do so.
1	nikon 4300 , i feel , is the best camera out there for the features and price . 
1	However, the Ipod does not come close to the number of extra features that the 'Zen Micro' has to offer.   
1	i dont know what other people are saying , but the software is awesome . 
0	As one other reviewer pointed out, it does occasionally take a little effort to push down the "plunger" to get the diapers in the pail, even though upon inspection the bag doesn't really look full.
0	unfortunately , this digital moment-capturing device called the g3 sometimes captures the moment after the one you wanted . 
1	 The price is very good .
0	the only complaint i have is that when you push in the scroll wheel to select , you have to push straight in or it sticks . 
1	 I really liked the size so I researched what to buy and this was it .
1	all in all suprisingly easy to use . 
1	this player has worked flawlessly for me and at this price , you can 't go wrong . 
1	but , i would definately recommend this phone . 
0	 There are a few things that I do n't like about the design .
1	Transferring files couldn't be easier thanks to the included software bundle.  
0	1 ) the included lens cap is very loose on the camera . 
0	 I 'm still very frustrated with some of the properties , but now that I have saved equalizer settings and know I have to open up my sound card 's control panel every time I switch between music and videos or games , the sound is much more acceptable .
1	The controls and the menus are clearly displayed and easily fathomed  
1	In auto mode anyone can use it as a point and shoot camera.
0	I no longer use it as a plunge router, only as a stationary or table mounted router.
0	This process can be very annoying and unsafe when you are driving a stick shift on the highway.
1	Hold Button-- suprisingly not all MP3s have this; this allows you  to have all the buttons unusable, so that you don't accidently hit something in your pocket. 
1	i did not want to have high expectations for this apex player because of the price but it is definitely working out much better than what i would expect from an expensive high-end player . 
1	but overall this is a good camera with a ' really good ' picture clarity ; an exceptional close-up shooting capability . 
0	 Others may have better luck , but I have never seen a flat-panel with such horrible viewing angles .
0	Ultimately you will learn just how bad Nokia is, and why their recent loss of market share is so utterly deserved.
1	 The computer direct processing and shipping was outrageously fast .
0	after multilple tries , one of the disks was finally recognized but video was poor and features not available . 
1	We don't have to worry about running out of refills with this diaper pail!
0	it also does n't have voice activated dialing . big minus ! ! 
0	apex 's website is down and they wo n't answer their phone . 
0	The phone does not have an Mp3-player, FM radio, 200k+ color screen, megapixel camera, quad band, PDA, photo editor.
0	Recenly the variable speed control went out.
0	Im at full capacity!!!! I called Symantic and they said they don't know why but I should get Tech's Support at $35/hr to help!! I did call them and was on hold for 55 minutes untill I hung up!
1	 For the price of theese speakers the sound that comes out is unbelievable .
1	I bought the Diaper Champ and have been very happy for the following reasons.
1	best electronic i 've bought since i was born . 
0	when i got it home , i discovered that the menu options for sending messages via either text or email simply were n't there : 
0	T-Mobile wasn't upfront about some of the terms to qualify for the rebate.
0	-User's guide doesn't cover a lot of important info that is covered on their website. 
0	After a recent update, I can no longer open more then 1 browser window.
0	audio on video also lacking . 
0	enough people have reported that their headphone jack does n't work after a month of using the device to believe that creative has some inbuilt manufacturing or quality control problem . 
1	I loaded a lot of photos into it and they display very clearly for such a small screen and, very importantly, the transition from one photo to the next is instantaneous. 
0	It's as though Nokia has segregated 90% of the screen for fancy features rarely used and leave just 10% for the day to day use.
0	but, i am quite unhappy with nokia at the moment.
0	Our Norton Internet/AV 2004 was terrible right from the get go, so I'd think that if SytemWorks is ok now, it should remain ok.
1	Picture and video quality is ok.
1	 The set-up went fairly smooth with netgears online knowledge base .
0	I am an IT professional and have used Norton for years, but this product is a complete and utter dud.
0	I did see the review here and other places about a cracked LCD screen. 
1	if you are looking for a small camera to throw in your pocket, take great pics and video, get the SD500. 
1	after nearly 800 pictures i have found that this nikon takes incredible pictures . 
0	I had much of the same problems that everyone else has listed (mainly the SLOOOOOOOOOW processor), and then I couldn't get the damn thing off my computer completely!
1	so sit back , relax and brag to all your friends who paid a mountain of money for a dvd player that can 't do half the things this one can , and for a fraction of the price ! 
1	 My fiance ordered this computer , she 's a teacher so she needed a small computer that would keep her from bringing work home with her .
1	also love waking up to music with attached speakers . 
0	I give it 4-stars only because the installation process - or rather problems that may surface during the installation process - can be frustrating to the average computer user.
0	maybe it is my lack of experience , but i found shots with this camera very disappointing . 
1	i love having the option to manually control the f-stop , shutter speed and even focus . 
1	they look fantastic . 
0	The Touchpad is virtually unusable -- sometimes you have to press like mad to make a selection and other times the slightest brush causes something to be selected that you don't want. 
1	Pros The Design is very nice, and the colors are too. 
0	The only other problem with this router that I have encountered is the plunge action will start to stick, then it needs to be cleaned and lubricated.
0	The tech support is worthless too.     
0	on several different occasions it has displayed " no disc " with a disc inside . 
0	 The speakers are very small and can not handle loud volume gracefully as voice coils top and bottom out , they clip the audio .
0	and the case , how did this ever make it out of quality control . 
1	i am stunned and amazed at the quality of the raw images i am getting from this g3 ( in conjunction with my professional flash system ) , and can easily put up with the cameras limitations , because ive never seen anything better within its resolution limits . 
1	All-in-all, Creative has definitely come up with a winner in terms of product design and features, and I look forward to the Nomad/Zen line of products seizing more market share as people begin to realize that quality is a better determinant of experience than quantity and hype.  
0	the locations of various buttons on one side or the other is somewhat illogical 
0	2 . the scroll button is n't the best , as it sometimes can be hard to select . 
0	on 2 dvds so far it refuses to play certain episodes with no problems on the others on the dvd . 
0	This product has virtually all the same installation problems.
0	do n't buy this player . 
1	 The Acer Monitor has an extremely bright screen and its design allows the placement in an area -LRB- from a heighth perspective -RRB- that many 20 '' screens will not fit in .
1	good looks 
1	I do give create to Creative for their attractive design.    
1	this camera also has a great feel and weight to it . 
1	i fell in love with this camera , it combines ease of use , with an immense amount of options and power . 
0	although the sound-quality is good , it takes more than good sound on a portable-mp 3 player to result in a good product . 
0	 WITHOUT having to go through the netgear genie tool through the ISP and taking all the extra steps would be far better .
1	the price compared to the ipod is great . 
0	i only have one complaint , and that is the 8mb card included . 
0	my gut tells me the nomad will in the long run be , at best , a 40gb portable hard drive , albeit one on which i can 't create folders , or , at worst , a very expensive lesson in companies never to buy products from again ( i have their audigy sound card and find it in many ways equally frustrating ) . 
0	the zooming lever is shaky , i hope it does not operate mechanically , otherwise you 'll feel uneasy . 
0	It's important that people know the following:  First, the interface is slow.
0	Norton online support does not even acknowledge this problem nor does the computer company that preloaded it on our new computer.
0	my only reservations about this product concern the tagging process and the way it interacts with the software . 
0	My last simpler Nokia started right up and was immediately ready for use.
0	 However , some of the latest bandwidth hogging software was starting to bog it down , to the point where I was having to reset it and my computer far too often in order to reclaim a dropped Internet connection .
0	Also, diapers and wipes get stuck in the grove below the piston.
1	having usb 2.0 makes for very fast transfers . 
1	3) The joystick design they are using on the new Nokias gives you a great degree of control.
0	made the camera totally inoperable . 
1	it 's running great for all the dvds i have and rented . 
1	this is probably one of the few dvd players at $ 40 that can play almost everything you throw at it . 
0	However, it needs to be quite quiet for it to work at all -- dosn't work at all in the car, for example.
1	9 ) wake-up feature that allows you to set up the player to wake up and play selected music at a specified time . 
1	if you have to buy a camera on a buget, this has got to be the one . 
0	But, all of this means nothing, because of the serious, serious, stupid and ridiculously elemenatary design flaw: After 3 months, give or take a few weeks, you won't be able to hear anything. 
1	 The iPod package comes with everything you need, the AC adaptor, firewire cable (quicker than USB, but slower than USB 2 which it also gives), those snazzy and powerfull headphones, and of course the player. 
0	If I was pressed to find a negative aspect of the Zen Micro I would probably have to mention weak FM reception, but the building where I primarily use the Micro seems to have a history of terrible radio reception anyway, so you can take that for what it's worth.  
0	 I have n't even used the carpet tacks that came with the stands and they are hard to knock over .
1	 I love this monitor .
0	All that said, I am a little disappointed with the quality of the pictures from the camera.
1	 The memory is not really hard to upgrade .
0	 First thing I tested was the speed , and I have to say it was abysmal .
1	 if you 're okay with removing the skin each time you want to use the speaker system , then by all means purchase these speakers as they are great !
1	Remember, this phone uses an operating system - Symbian... and it's feature-rich w/ 65k colors.
0	the catch is that , while it plays movies just fine , it has refused to read second discs with the movie " extras " on them on the two occaisions when i tried to do that . 
0	 - Ported sub woofer not appropriate for this set up .
0	the software failed repeatedly . 
1	The fact that has an open-source firmware makes it a great option in my opinion. 
0	the nomad zen could use a little sturdier construction like the archos jukeboxes or some kind of shock resistant case . 
1	I imagine if I left my player untouched (no backlight) it could play for considerably more than 12 hours at a low volume level.  
1	i have the software working fine now and the mp3 player is fantastic . 
0	 I conclude that the Ethernet transceiver D-Link uses is not as good as that of other brands .
0	the only minor nits i have with the camera are it is fairly boxy looking , it needs a wrist strap instead of a neck strap , and it is a bit slow between shots . 
0	third , the poor design continues with the case . 
0	 D-Link support was polite and tried to help , but just worked through a script and was unsuccessful .
1	Better for the Zen Micro is Outlook compatibility. 
0	Holy cow! It really does scratch easily!
0	the one other thing i observed while i had the nomad is that the front cover , which is taken off to have access to the battery , seemed to come undone very easily . 
1	Handsfree future is good, but not too exciting.
1	the camera is a dream to operate in automode , but also gives tremendous flexibility in aperture priority , shutter priority , and manual modes . 
0	The dynamic range seems not quite as good as the Kodak DC260.
0	the scroll button is sort of annoying to push - a nice button would be nicer but eh , not a big deal . 
0	Personally, I may never buy Symantect products again.
1	easy enough to navigate through , although i 'd prefer a sturdier button besides the thumbwheel scroll / pushbutton . 
0	 This means that the vga connection will not work with my computers .
1	All the features are incredibly intuitive, even for a novice like me.
1	*holds the odor in nicely!
1	it is very light weight and has a good signal strength . 
1	battery life , the drawback to most digital cameras , to quote k. reeves . 
1	it's easier and much more convenient to use because it doesn't have CLUMSY and CONFUSING (not to mention expensive) refills.
0	 -LRB- yeah , like you 'll use a new , very expensive dsl modem as dumb bridge -RRB- I returned the Item and got a linksys dsl modem instead .
1	The PhotoStitch software is very cool if you want to do any 360 degree panorama shots.
0	now it will not load any disk or just says that there is no disk . 
0	The scrol bar agian takes some getting used to. 
0	there was neither picture nor sound . 
0	creative labs customer support website is useless . 
0	* scroll button more cumbersome than on earlier models . 
0	The Achilles heel of this router is its inability to stream music, or copy large files over the local network.  
1	 The larger screen has allowed me to put all my photos on it -LRB- could n't on the dell -RRB- and edit them .
0	* I'm giving it 4 stars because the setup process was so miserable. 
0	-- > too difficult to change genre / album / track information for large number of tracks . 
1	( he had owned two apex dvd players , and was pleased with both of them . ) 
0	Although I disabled Norton AntiSpam, it is still there.
0	 First of all , I disagree with any suggestions that the bass on this system is boomy in a bad way .
1	for the most part this is a good dvd player . 
1	Transferring music is a breeze. I don't subscribe to music services, but as mentioned on other reviews, Micro allows you to subscribe to services OTHER than iTunes. 
1	The router works fine for both wired and wireless.  
1	the sound quality is excellent ( and i 'm fussy with that stuff ) , the unit looks cool , screen is bright and easy to read , and the replaceable battery means a major advantage over the ipod ( besides the price , but everyone knows that ) . 
1	 The sounds were as the movie directors intended .
0	 Another thing you should know, the metal on the flip side of the iPod is very tacky, and scratches very easily.
0	so, right out of the box i had issue.
0	I've alway liked Symantec products, except for this version 2004.
1	 Just an average user getting good value in this product .
1	 I am above average with technical knowledge but it is easy enough for the beginner to set up .
0	some of the higher pitched rings are very easy to hear , but not easy to listen to . 
0	 I have been disappointed to find that there is no printed instructions with it , just a crude pictorial instruction of installation , which leaves a great deal of information missing .
1	 I 'm not easily impressed by electronics , tending to be a little conservative , but this product really deserves five stars .
1	 This time , D-Link support was more helpful and guided me to the actual problem , which was that the router failed to `` auto-negotiate '' the Ethernet link speed from my FiOS optical network block .
1	IF YOU NEED A WIRELESS ROUTER.... GET IT GET IT GET IT.... works really good....     
1	i wo n't go into the details here , as the online sites ( stevesdigicams , dpreviews ) go into great depth in their reviews , but i am very pleased with the features , the speed , the picture quality , the flexibility , the automation , and the functional conveniences this camera offers . 
0	The only complaint I have is that the 1/4" collet will not sufficiently hold any of my 1/4" bits.
0	the keypad is a decent size , but the power on/off key is small and difficult to press . 
0	Video recording is limited at just 9 seconds.
0	i 've also had the nomad zen lock-up several times . 
1	the functionality on this camera is mind-blowing . 
1	it is lightweight , sleek and attractive . 
0	however , it does not play windows media and i can not get it to play any of my divx rips . 
1	The box is upstairs, and in the farthest room I get connected at 11-18M speed - that is similar to the older 10M ethernet standard. 
1	 Really easy to use.
1	There is no comparison, the chanp is easy and smell free, the genie was difficult to use one handed (which is absolutly vital if you have a little one on a changing pad) and there was a deffinite odor eminating from the genie plus we found that the quick tie garbage bags where the ties are integrated into the bag work really well because there isn't any added bulk around the sealing edge of the champ.
1	 I still give the iPod five stars, though, as it could have been something I did incorrectly during the install (though I did follow the onscreen prompts) so I'll give Apple the benefit of the doubt.
0	now there is one more complaint i have about the g3 and that is the software that comes with it for processing raw images ( i only shoot in raw image mode and the first thing i did was replace the 32 mbyte cf with a 512 mbyte cf , which gives me 130 raw images , as opposed to 7 ! 
0	the cut-outs for the controls is not thought out as there is too much material in the way to adequately access the controls , especially the scroll wheel . 
1	 When the Matrox G550 Dual-DVI card comes out , I 'll consider purchasing one more of these super displays .
1	 I give it a rating of 5 stars for looks .
0	If you think you are saving $40 getting the Hitachi, you are right, and you are also getting a router worth $40 less than a Makita.
1	 I would n't mind having an external adjustable antenna , but it does fine as is and the speed on the bottom floor of the house is much improved .
1	They say that they are the best pictures they have ever see from a compact. 
0	where close to 12 hours but at least it is replaceable (and they included a second one free).  
1	 These are great bike speakers for the weekend cycling in the park .
0	the first one would n't work from the start . 
1	our special friends at creative gave this thing good sound quality , great features , long battery life , and an unbeatable price . 
0	the player kept displaying " no disc " , so i tried the disc in another machine and sure as @ # * ! 
0	it was n't as easy to fast forward or pause a song than it was with a regular walkman . 
1	About the product:  The Zen Micro is a sleek, stylish device that caters not just to "hip" youngsters but to people of all walks of life who like to listen on the go without having to worry frequently about battery life, size, or the "awkward" factor.  
0	Avoid this product at all costs.
1	The accesories that come with the player are great. 
0	Mine was so bad I had to to use a hammer to free it (and this is why I'm giving it 4, not 5 stars).
0	first , the cons ... a tad bulky ... not the most asthetic looking player ... and does n't support a folder stucture . 
1	 The woofer is much larger .
0	there are some features in the user interface that i find a little inconvenient . 
0	The included headphones suck, so get your own.         
1	i just purchased this phone and i think this is the coolest phone i ever had . 
0	 When the screen was n't contracting or glitching the overall picture quality was poor to fair .
0	Configuring it for a home network was almost impossible.
1	 It came back working , and I was momentarily glad that the rumors I 'd heard about Acer tech support did n't turn out to be true in my case .
0	If you are already using a previous version of nortron security and unistalled it to install the new version, you will still have all kind of problems in installing the new version on your system!
0	i had to sit on the phone with customer support for 2 hours and they did not help at all . 
0	 Bottom line : it did n't work the way it was supposed to so we 're returning it We bought this router for our two computers .
1	this thing plays everything i feed it . 
1	Also, it takes any kitchen sized trash bag, so there is no special bag to stock.
0	SO, YOU MIGHT INQUIRE, WHY DON'T THEY MAKE IT A FIRST PRIORITY TO CAREFULLY, SIMPLY EXPLAIN HOW DOWNLOAD MUSIC FROM YOUR MUSIC LIBRARY TO THEIR DEVICE??? This seems academic to me.
1	 Very compact and portable just as described with great sound quality .
0	For purposes of clarity, here is my review from that product,edited to be appropriate for this product, since, for the most part, they share many of the same problems.
1	Also included in the "games" section is the great music trivia option - which tests your skill at being able to quickly place your own songs. 
0	and man ... i had to work to put my chinese songs on the player ... because i had the actual chinese names of the songs as the title .. 
1	 Not that Apple computers break down often but this is cheap insurance for 3 years .
1	For the price I don't think you can beat it.
1	 It also has excellent coverage through our two story house .
1	I own this phone for about 6 months now, I have used the following features: bluetooth connection to laptop and desktop for sync contacts and calendars with Outlook, transfer files (movies, songs), I have many movies on it now with a 512MB memory card that it takes.
0	I tried to do this by instinct and it's not intuitive unless you are a network geek. 
1	this little camera has created a marriage between myself and nikon. never knew i could love a digital camera so much . 
0	It still smelled.
0	its far more difficult to select songs and has no easy to use on the fly playlist creation such as the new ipod not to mention it does n't sinc with contact lists , phone numbers , address books , ect. like the ipod ( which eliminated my need for any kind of palm device ) . 
0	difficult navigation - i wo n't necessarily say " difficult , " but i do n't enjoy the scrollwheel to navigate . 
0	 It will only move the monitor side to side -LRB- no up\/down or tilt feature -RRB- .
0	OPERATION: It's like BMW's I-Drive - It does it's job, but has the most unintuitive, overly-layered interface.
1	i did n't think i would find this quality and ease of use for under $ 1500 - i 'm thrilled with my purchase ! 
1	the camera 's a work of art / science -- that 's understood . 
1	For the price, I am considering purchasing a spare just to have as a backup.
1	The Phone offers a 32 Mb MMC card and I think that is certainly the most exciting feature.
1	i 've used the speakerphone for almost two hours once and the battery did not even go down one single bar . 
1	received apex dvd and the picture was great when set up with s connector . 
0	i tried to contact apex to return it ( i missed the amazon return period ) and it took 3 months to get through to their customer service dept . 
1	When the router is working it is a very nice machine for the money.
0	I must say, this one is quite slow to open an application.
0	i purchased a jukebox , it got fried while being recharged , they asked for $ 20usd just to look at it and said that they would charge me for repaing the damned thing . 
1	But I wanted to do some raised panel work and needed more power and variable speed to run the large-diameter bits.
1	the battery stays charged for a long time , and takes no more than 2 or 3 hours at most to fully recharge via the included ac adapter . 
1	This is truly a Clydesdale among the industry 3HP+ router workhorses.
1	I would put the Hitachi up with the best!
1	interface - practically seamless . 
1	This player is absolutely phenomenal, I haven't had any problems, and if you're worried you will have problems, I suggest buying it at a retail store that has a good return policy but anyways... I find the touch pad very easy to use, and I'm surprised so many people have had problems.  
0	Even on the LOW sensitivy level, a slight touch can skip or pause the track.  
0	it would have been much nicer if it had a window so you could see the screen , and if the button did n't cover up the ac jack . 
0	2 . despite most reviewers giving kudos to the zen for music quality , i experienced a flaw using eax . 
0	We constantly got "Windows Virtual Memory Low" error messages popping up follwed by ridiculous slowdowns and/or crashes.
1	It feels solid and not flimsy like the carbon.  
1	eball metaphor: I was hoping Creative hit a home run here, and I think the Zen Micro is more like a stand-up double.  
1	really happy with this little camera . 
0	the sound level is also not as high as i would have expected . 
0	the software is somewhat nice to look at , using it is not the easiest . 
0	I will say that the OS that the phone runs does have a few issues.
0	Well, my second one is now beginning to hicup a bit after about 1 1/2 years.
1	 Image clarity is great -LRB- I do a lot of work in PhotoShop with 18MB RAW image files and noticed the difference immediately -RRB- .
0	DOWNSIDE: It takes a long time to start up.
0	I had the second one for less than two weeks when I noticed a rattling/humming/buzzing sound while music was played.  
1	Great reception, visibility and interface (may be complicated by others).
1	 Reliable , Highly available and ease of administration and forget about me -LRB- Do n't bother anymore -RRB- equipment !
1	the manual mode is easy to use with fast access for the selection of shutter speed and aperture without having to fumble through menu options . 
0	They didn't know what the problem could be.
0	So, DON'T buy this or upgrade.
1	It's very quiet for a universal motor-driven tool, and the height adjustment stick and variable speed control are great.
1	A decent camera phone for taking quick pictures, movies, and having general all around fun with.
1	 Easy to set up , no bad pixels , great price for 19 LCD monitor !
1	even the battery life is great - it advertises 14 hours , it 's actually a little less but still good . 
0	the face-plate , which pops out for the battery , pops open by itself every 10 minutes or so . 
1	i also liked the fact that you can save custom playlist you made on the player not just the computer ! 
1	It's overkill for simple snapshots, unless you've got way too much money to blow.
1	I do not count this as a negative, however, because it is not that much of a nuisance and at the price for what you get this router is way too good to pass up!!!
0	it sometimes takes the picture at some indefinite period of time after you press the shutter button . 
0	yeah i agree the earbuds are pretty crap , replace them . 
0	2 ) the remote works , but then it does not work , and you are left standing there thinking you are doing something wrong . 
0	  The thing has survived plenty of falls with little or no damage, except the inevitable scratches.
1	 This system is very powerful .
0	As of October, 2004, these products are NOT working and I'm ready to demand a refund from Symantec.
0	I find this feature on this phone useless, but, since I don't really need this function anyway, I don't really use it.
0	When the screen stops working, you're out of luck !
1	it 's very solidly built , and has a nice dense feel to it . 
1	the reception and sound quality are top-notch . 
0	1 . pictures taken in an indoor setting are a little dull and rarely hazy if you tend to take photographs from a distance . 
0	well , within 45 days the video output quit working ( both rca & optic ) . 
1	i love the eos based controls and easy menus . 
0	The headphone jack gave out after only a couple weeks of use, and the stock earbuds were replaced same day with some high end sony's I'd been having. 
0	the keys are close together , and the layout is a bit funky in relation to standard rectangular layout keypads , but it 's not too weird . 
1	I love this camera.
1	size - extremely small and convenient will fit in your pocket and not bother you . 
1	this is the best dvd player i 've purchased . 
1	This product is amazing and better than the Ipod you can get at the same price. 
0	my " fast forward " button works , but it takes a little extra pressure on it to make it go . 
0	 Acer has been awful to deal with , they treat their customers like rubbish , and have a miserable repair facility to match their products .
1	INCREDIBLE MEMORY!
0	the scroll button is overly sensitive at times ; not sensitive enough at others . 
0	6 ) the case occludes the display screen when it is closed . 
1	 - Looks fantastic , esp w\/iPhone4 docked !!
1	i am very pleased so far . 
0	the general button placement is not very user friendly . 
0	is not as intuitive as I would like.  
1	So far it has been very durable (other than the little pads on the earbuds), but those aren't really necessary as I find them comfortable on their own. 
0	you can see the lens barrel in the view-finder . 
0	so yes , as with all software bundled with creative products , it was useless and ugly . 
1	1 . i achieved my basic objective ; my entire cd collection is on a portable device with lots of room to store more . 
1	if you 're looking for a small , compact , super resolution digital camera , you can end your search with the nikon 4300 ! 
1	Decently Sized Screen-- One of the larger ones on the market at 2" 
1	 the soft orange glow at the base is a nice nightlight .
0	In addition, I don't believe that it is odorless.
0	only used for 3 month before it 's down ! 
