0	Knocked 1 star off for the install wizard - it wasted alot of time running it.     
1	 All I can say is that this is an excellent devise .
1	 Pros : - Great sound for a $ 100 speaker at mid to higher levels .
0	so now it still plays everything , you just can 't see it ! 
1	Compatability with other devices is excellent too; I've only found one 11b device that won't work with its mixed mode (and it won't work with *anyone's* mixed mode).
0	Finally, I gave up and I purchased a Router Razier.
1	 the netbook work as a breeze for my sales person , it worked fine , fast and with the extra ram nothing could stop it , in fact it works better than my own laptop so I will change to this one as soon as possible
1	 The system was nowhere near stable , and the code was in `` alpha '' stage at best .
1	 Fits nicely on the small desk we use in our computer room .
1	The more I use it and figure out how to do things, the more I like it.     
0	 A week out of the box and I began to see slight contractions of the screen from time to time , growing more frequent each day .
0	who in the hell needs a frigging *VGA* camera on their CELLPHONE???
1	 Sound effects really sound more authentic .
1	 I do n't for-see myself having any issues with it in the coming year or two however if I do , I will know that with this product , it will be taken care of for free and quick with helpful and courteous customer service reps. The service of Amazon in getting this item to me was faster than I expected and it is exactly what I knew it would be .
1	All I have to say is that the pics I get with my SD500 are both rich and color and high in detail, the user interface is awesome, the battery charger is tiny and super light and SD cards are relatively cheap and getting cheaper all the time.
0	I downloaded the new firmware which was supposed to take care of the problem, but it hasn't worked. 
0	Some people have commented about the size and weight of the phone, and it has rightfully gotten the nick-name "the bar of soap" which, it really is.
1	 So far , I am super happy with this small yet powerful enough laptop .
0	the zen does n't support folders so it is not really a storage device ; even with third party software that " creates " folders , documents and programs can 't be launched from the zen , so it is not a hard disk , it 's a storage device at best . 
1	11 ) minimal pause between songs - less than that on other devices - good achievement for a hard-drive based player 
0	While I was trying to play Half Life 2 it started popping up with "alerts" every twenty seconds (literally), warning me my antivirus protection was off.
0	The only problem I have with the buttons is that the power button and print/share button don't have a nice click. 
0	my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags & that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do n't have them . 
0	however , it has failed to deliver on quality . 
0	 There 's also no height adjustability , so it sits very low to the desk .
0	it had a heavier and more sturdy casing . 
1	You can use the player to store your computer data files (Good feature to have).   
1	The Micro seeemed like an iPod for less. 
0	i will never buy a creative product again . 
1	I just went on a quick photo shoot in NYC's  Central Park today, and what a bunch of beautiful photos I took, if I do  say so myself (and I do!)
