1	 All I can say is that this is an excellent devise .
1	 All can I say is that this is an excellent devise .
1	 So far , I am super happy with this small yet powerful enough laptop .
1	 So far , I am super yet with this small happy powerful enough laptop .
0	Finally, I gave up and I purchased a Router Razier.
0	Finally, I finally gave up and I purchased a Router Razier.
0	 There 's also no height adjustability , so it sits very low to the desk .
0	 There 's no also height adjustability , so it sits very low to the desk .
1	11 ) minimal pause between songs - less than that on other devices - good achievement for a hard-drive based player 
1	XI ) minimal pause between birdsong - less than that on other devices - salutary achievement for a hard-drive based player 
0	i will never buy a creative product again . 
0	i again never buy a creative product will . 
1	The more I use it and figure out how to do things, the more I like it.     
1	The more I use it and figure out how to do things, I it.     
1	The Micro seeemed like an iPod for less. 
1	The Micro seeemed micro like an iPod for less. 
1	You can use the player to store your computer data files (Good feature to have).   
1	You can use the player to store well your computer information data files (Good feature to have).   
0	While I was trying to play Half Life 2 it started popping up with "alerts" every twenty seconds (literally), warning me my antivirus protection was off.
0	While iodin was assay to play Half animation 2 it started popping up with "alerts" every twenty seconds (literally), admonition me my antivirus auspices was off.
1	Compatability with other devices is excellent too; I've only found one 11b device that won't work with its mixed mode (and it won't work with *anyone's* mixed mode).
1	Compatability with other devices is excellent former too; I've only found one 11b device that twist won't work lick with its mixed mode (and it won't work with *anyone's* mixed mode).
0	it had a heavier and more sturdy casing . 
0	it had a heavier and sturdy more casing . 
0	Some people have commented about the size and weight of the phone, and it has rightfully gotten the nick-name "the bar of soap" which, it really is.
0	Some people have commented about the and weight the phone, and it has rightfully gotten the "the of" which, it really is.
0	who in the hell needs a frigging *VGA* camera on their CELLPHONE???
0	who in the needs frigging *VGA* camera on their CELLPHONE???
1	All I have to say is that the pics I get with my SD500 are both rich and color and high in detail, the user interface is awesome, the battery charger is tiny and super light and SD cards are relatively cheap and getting cheaper all the time.
1	comparatively All I have to say is that the pics I get with my SD500 are both racy rich and color and high in detail, the user interface wit is awesome, the battery charger is tiny lightsome and super light and SD cards are productive relatively cheap and getting cheaper all the time.
1	I just went on a quick photo shoot in NYC's  Central Park today, and what a bunch of beautiful photos I took, if I do  say so myself (and I do!)
1	I of went on a quick shoot and in NYC's  Central Park today, and what a bunch just beautiful photo I took, if I do  say so myself (photos I do!)
1	 Sound effects really sound more authentic .
1	 Sound profound effects really sound more authentic .
0	my only complaint would be that you need id3 tags & that takes a while to do if your mp3 files do n't have them . 
0	my only charge would be that you postulate id3 shred & that pack a while to do if your mp3 files do n't have them . 
1	 The system was nowhere near stable , and the code was in `` alpha '' stage at best .
1	 The system was nowhere near stable , and the reasoned code was sound in `` alpha '' stage at best .
0	Knocked 1 star off for the install wizard - it wasted alot of time running it.     
0	Knocked 1 star off the install wizard - wasted of time running it.     
0	 A week out of the box and I began to see slight contractions of the screen from time to time , growing more frequent each day .
0	 A week out of metre the box and I began to see slight iodine contractions of the screen from raise time to time , growing more frequent each day .
0	so now it still plays everything , you just can 't see it ! 
0	so now it everything , you just can 't see it ! 
1	 I do n't for-see myself having any issues with it in the coming year or two however if I do , I will know that with this product , it will be taken care of for free and quick with helpful and courteous customer service reps. The service of Amazon in getting this item to me was faster than I expected and it is exactly what I knew it would be .
1	 I do n't for-see myself having any issues with it in the coming year or two still if unity do , I will cognise that with this product , it will be ask care of for unfreeze and immediate with helpful and courteous customer help reps. The service of virago in perplex this item to me was profligate than unity expect and it is exactly what I know it would be .
0	I downloaded the new firmware which was supposed to take care of the problem, but it hasn't worked. 
0	downloaded the new firmware which was supposed to take the problem, but it hasn't worked. 
0	The only problem I have with the buttons is that the power button and print/share button don't have a nice click. 
0	The only problem I have with adenine the buttons is that the power button and print/impress share button don't have a nice click. 
0	however , it has failed to deliver on quality . 
0	however , it has failed to deliver on choice . 
0	the zen does n't support folders so it is not really a storage device ; even with third party software that " creates " folders , documents and programs can 't be launched from the zen , so it is not a hard disk , it 's a storage device at best . 
0	the pane zen does n't support folders so it is not really a storage device ; even IT with third party software that " creates " folders , documents and programs astatine can 't be launched IT from the zen , so it is not a hard disk , comprise it 's a storage device at best . 
1	 the netbook work as a breeze for my sales person , it worked fine , fast and with the extra ram nothing could stop it , in fact it works better than my own laptop so I will change to this one as soon as possible
1	 the netbook work it a breeze for person sales my , it worked fine , fast it with the extra ram nothing could stop and , as fact as works better than my own laptop so I will change to this one in soon as possible
1	 Fits nicely on the small desk we use in our computer room .
1	 Fits nicely on the desk we use in computer room .
1	 Pros : - Great sound for a $ 100 speaker at mid to higher levels .
1	 Pros : - Great sound a $ 100 speaker at mid to levels .
